Asti is a nice little place, serving classic Italian dishes to a good standard.
Their lunchtime deal of £9.75 for two courses plus coffee represents pretty good value, with a good range of dishes to choose from.
Overall, we said: "I was pretty pleased with Asti.
The back room is a very smart setting, with the lovely bay window ensuring it's bathed in natural light.
Dishes were tasty and comforting, and represented a very reasonable lunchtime deal.

Unassuming and maybe even a little drab, Asti is actually a whole lot more than meets the eye.
Take not of the little things and you'll realise the food that's coming out us the product of a kitchen that really really cares.
Nice, simple, unadorned and well executed Italian food with not a pizza in sight.
Down sides; nil atmosphere and a wine list that only offers the house wine by the glass.
When will restaurants realise that drinking wine by the glass rather than the bottle still means you want a serious drop.
Start to offer every wine on your list by the glass and watch your place fill up...

I must say I was a little unsure about Asti for dinner, as the deli which had formerly been in the building was definitely more of lunch spot and, at least from the street, the basic setup looked unchanged.
A small group of us had a table in the back room and, although the decor, lighting and music don't create much of an atmosphere, the service was friendly and we were made to feel welcome.
Not exactly a great spot for a date, but then I wasn't on one.
What makes Asti really worth a visit (and more than compensates for the slightly odd setting) is the food.
The menu instantly bodes well - classic northern Italian pasta, meat and fish dishes, with interesting antipasti and (on the night I was there) a good specials board.
We shared a big antipasti platter and another of crostini.
The meats and cheeses were great and the fried polenta (not something I've seen very often here) was light and tasty.
Despite generally being pretty wary of specials, I ordered venison haunch on a pearl barley and juniper berry risotto, just because it sounded so nice.
I wasn't disappointed.
The venison was perfectly seasoned and cooked - moist and pink in the centre - and strongly flavoured enough to hold its own against the tart, slightly smokey juniper.
Everyone else seemed equally happy with their choices, though the saltimbocca was particularly impressive.
The portions were so generous that I decided to skip dessert, though again it was a very tempting selection.
Great food, good value.

In Edinburgh on my honeymoon.
My husband and I ate here two nights in a row not only because it was in walking distance of our B&B but because this is REAL Italian food!
We were in Rome two years ago and fell in love with the food.
Last night we were in the mood for Italian after eating too much "Scottish" food the last few days.
We knew it was a risk trying Italian food anywhere other that Italy but we read the reviews and decided to give it a try.
I have to say both times were the best meal of the year so far and my husband and I agreed that this may be the best two meals we have on our entire honey moon and we still have 9 days left!
Try it you will not be disappointed!
Did I mention the price is reasonable?

