This is a fantastic newish place located on that "difficult" section of Buccleuch Street that you could easily end up walking past.
But don't!
Especially if you are in the mood for a pot of tea and most importantly, some Proper Home Baking!
Everything is made on the premises, right down to the traybake and jars of cookies.
Think Victoria sponges with freshly made butter cream and fresh fruit, lemon drizzle loaf, chocolate and almond sponge, rhubarb loaf and to-die-for bakewell slices ... all excellent, with great sandwiches etc too.
The interior is quite quirky with an added bonus of a rotating art display by students from ECA.
Definitely worth a visit and five stars for the home baking and offering something different.

Sweet, dainty and down to earth, this is a lovely old fashioned tea room.
We visited when it had recently opened and look forward to it blossoming over time with more little cosy features.
Star player - flour free chocolate cake and little pastel tea pots  Good selection of teas, cakes and savouries.
Overall, very lovely :-)

Such a pretty little tea room!
I visited recently for tea and cake with some friends and was really impressed by this dainty little cafe.
Beautiful lacy table cloths and fresh tulips (my fav flower) on the tables and best of all a stack of home made cakes displayed proudly in the window for everyone to see.
(I really liked that the cakes weren't hidden away behind glass somewhere.
It made it feel like I could get right up close to the cakes before making the tough decision of what to have.
)   The menu has a good choice of teas and and also had flour or dairy free cakes for any coeliac or lactose deficient people out there.
The flour less chocolate cake was so moist and rich that I actually had a second slice, the trip was worth it just for this cake!

The cakes are heavenly and the qaintness of afternoon tea appealing, nice views to Arthurs Seat on a good day, only downside... need a bigger premises :D

I had been looking to try Tea at 94 for a few weeks.
Fellow Yelpers had rated it highly but the big question for me would be if they had gluten free cake.
The new inaugural meeting of the Yelp book group was to be held here and first impressions were good.
Having marked calendars, diary and work schedules for book group, I arrived early to find the Tea at 94 ladies setting up our table.
The cakes looked awesome and I instantly made a mental note to return with my mum for a girly Saturday afternoon cuppa with cake.
I had tweeted to find out about gluten free options and was told there were cakes provided by ilovepurecakes which I LOVE.
Sadly there had been a failed delivery but free Burgh Bakes marshmallows were provided (another of my favs) and there was an awesome looking flourless choc cake to try too.
The flourless chocolate cake is fantastic!
Sheer scrumptiouness with enough goo in the middle to be utterly decadent and lovely.
The girls had been concerned it may not be totally GF as its made in the Tea at 94 kitchen with non GF cakes but I had no issues.
I loved Tea at 94 and will return out with book group meetings.
The cute tea room with its vintage plates, sheer cake porn (I'm returning to get the raspberry cloud cake recipe to adapt to GF), and the lovely, friendly staff and great service, make this little tucked away gem, well worth a visit.

Tea Jenny by name and Tea Jenny by nature, when I heard of Tea at 94 opening I was very excited.
It's close to me, it's a lovely wee tea shop with many, many types of cake and it epitomises the British culture of afternoon tea (taking 4 hours to drink tea, eat cake and chat).
Teat at 94 definitely delivers on the tea and cake front.
They have loose leaf tea and you can really taste the quality.
All the cakes are made in-house by the owner, and the pink cloud (?
) cake is one of my favourite!
I also tried the carrot cake - so moist and really very moreish.
So for cake and tea = ultimate win.
The space is quite small, beautifully decorated, although perhaps still settling into itself to feel really homely.
It'd be lovely when winter rolls around if it were warm in here, so you could snuggle in with a good pot, a cake and a book for a few hours.

This is a cute little tea room just off the Meadows.
I wasn't massively impressed on my first visit; it seemed a bit bare and cold.
However, the place has really grown on me over the past couple of months.
I've eaten here a couple of times and the food has always been tasty, with keen prices.
Don't expect anything fancy - they do sandwiches, soup, paninis... that kind of thing.
Where T@94 really comes into its own is the really nice selection of tea and amazing line up of home-made cakes.
They look really, really yummy.
The staff are always very accommodating and friendly.
There are some sweet touches too, with flowers in teapots and pretty tablecloths.
I suspect this is a bustling little place during the day, although I haven't managed to get along of an afternoon yet.
It's certainly a highlight for the street.

I'm writing this months after I went so keep that in mind.
But I really liked this place.
Just a nice small breakfast place where I had Eggs and Toast.
It was yummy and right down the street from part of the University of Edinburgh's campus.
If I'm ever back in Edinburgh (which I hope to be) and near this area of the city I'd definitely go again.
it was a affordable and comfortable.

I first gave Tea at 94 4 stars and I've been meaning to update this for ages.
I love Tea at 94.
It's our book group meeting place and I love its homely charm with mismatched furniture and vintage tea sets.
There is also some lovely local art on the walls.
The prices are fab and the cake portions are very generous and I've yet to see this elsewhere in the city!
There is a fab range of speciality teas - I only ever go for Scottish Breakfast as a pot just after work is perfect for our booky chat, but our book groupers go for green teas, Russian caravan, Christmas teas, just to name a few.
I can't remember the owners name (I'm lousy with names) but she is awesome.
I'm gluten free if you are a first time reader of my reviews and every book meeting, I usually have several option's flourless raspberry or cherry frangipane is delicious - loved by coeliacs and non coeliacs in our book group.
There are lots of choices and what is great is the cakes change as well, so always lots of new things to sample.
On our last visit, there was a specially made GF pear cake.
OMG, diet out of the window!
I had planned on having one slice of cake but I ended up having two - it was worth it!
Lovely, light and moist cake with pears inside - I was in heaven and have been lightly pear obsessed ever since.
Plus, a pot of tea and two slices of cake came to just under £6 - perfect for a non bank busting January treat :-)  GF cakes are usually provided by Ilovepurecakes and they are great but the owner does make lovely GF and separate dairy free cakes which I think its great as it is a pet hate of mine to see dairy free and gluten free cakes combined - I'm sure the dairy free people would rather have proper flour, rather than the gf stuff too!
I've popped in a couple of times outwith book group purely because I know I'll get some great cake and its a great place to catch up on my book group reading too :-)

white chocolate blondies!!!!!!!!!
grenadine and vanilla tea!!!!!!!!!
it was like heaven in a cosy wee tea shop off buccleuch street :)  after a brief wander past the meadows i arrived at Tea at 94 for the yelp book group meeting greeted by the friendly owner.
i took a seat with Claire L as we mused over the menu and what delights to order.
this tea shop is small, but don't let that put you offer.
what it may lack in size it definitely makes up for in options.
they have a lengthy tea menu which also includes daily specials.
i also liked that when i opted for one tea the owner suggested i try one of the specials as she said it was similar and thought i might enjoy it more.
i did and i want to go back to have more grenadine and vanilla tea!
also they had almost a dozen cakes/baked goods on offer.
including two gluten free options!
i was seriously tempted by the raspberry frangapine but then i saw the how big the slices of the blondies were and temptation took over.
this blondie was delicious, big chunks of white chocolate a soft buttery texture and it just made me smile.
in fact i'm smiling now writing this review just reliving the first bite.
this was a fab wee place and i look forward to more yelp book group meetings here :)

Lovely place, lovely food.
I firstly went to Tea at 94 when it was hosting a meeting of the Yelp book club.
It has been nice to see that the fellow Yelpers really exist!
I gave a quick glance inside and I saw that a little group was already there, while two more Yelpers were arriving a little bit later.
I was in a mood of gratefulness for all the reviews and tips I've read for months, before arriving to Edinburgh.
They helped me to escape any "meh" experience during my vacation.
Then I was somehow tempted to go in to thank everyone, but I didn't want to disturb the atmosphere, so I just said a great "thank you" in my mind...where also I kept my considerations about the dualism I found in the Francis Scott Fitzgerald's novel: willing-faith; weight-light; unavoidable-uncertain; East-West; where only the harmonious composition of the diverging factors could have allowed the great Gatsby to return to the dreamt past (the more I write this, the more I consider you lucky that I didn't enter!
)  But I didn't need a wormhole to go back to Tea at 94 a couple of days later, this time entering without any doubt.
I loved it at first sight.
everything is like Claire L. described in her review.
The waiter was so attentive and welcoming that I wished to be more hungry to accept every advice she was giving to me.
I had a Scottish breakfast tea (since I asked for local flavours) and a very large slice of a pink cake with red fruits and cream.
Both very well prepared and tasty.
Another perfect piece of memories set to complete the mosaic of my beautiful holiday.

I would give this place 3 and a half is that was an option, as I wasn't sure whether to give it a 3 or 4.
I came here once with a couple of friends and had a very weak Japanese gunpowder tea.
They both had hot chocolates, with the standard whipped cream and marshmallows on top.
Yesterday Robbie and I were feeling a bit down due to exam stress and a few more personal reasons, so decided to take a break from it all with tea and cake.
Tea at 94 is nearby, and we had never tried the cakes, so decided to give it a go.
We ordered a large pot of Jasmine green tea, I ordered the wheat free raspberry frangipane and Robbie went for the raspberry cloud cake, as it had so many good reviews.
The tea was very good this time, just the right strength and  My cake was delicious, very moist and every now and then I did get to taste a deliciously sharp raspberry.
It was a little on the small side though, which  is something I don't usually complain about as I often feel over faced.
Robbie's cloud cake didn't impress him too much, he said it was nice, but not particularly memorable.
The initial pull here was that they cater well for allergies.
I saw that there was a dairy free cake, the cake I had was gluten free, and there were two cakes provided by love pure cakes.
Whilst I love love pure cakes, I'd like to see some more cakes made on the premises, as love pure cakes are becoming a little generic, being the only gluten free option available in most places.
There were many cakes to choose from for those with no allergies, including carrot cake,   I find the space quite cosy but not as quirky as some of my other favourite tea shops in town, though I did like the framed tea cups and saucers.
It does succeed in that it gives that vintage feel with cake stands and china cups.
£2.70 for tea for two isn't bad, cakes vary but all seemed to cost less than £2.50, though this is reflected in the size.

I'm no tea connoisseur but I think this place does it pretty well.
I came here recently with 3 other people and we were all pretty happy with our experience.
I opted for the peach and apricot tea and the smell from it was just heavenly.
As was the chocolate tray bake cake I ordered.
When it first arrived it was a much smaller portion that everyone else's cakes but after one bite I realised why, it was so heavy!
But in a good way.
There was something new with every bite, raisins, peanuts, mars bar(!
), it just kept giving!
It was so indulgent and scrummy.
My companions had coconut tart and paradise slice, which I got to try and they were also good.
I love that almost everything is homemade and fresh, definitely earns it a star or two from me.
I have not tried the lunches or breakfasts here yet but I definitely plan to.
The menu isn't too big and fussy.
I've noticed many small places try to offer too many different things which ultimately leads to none of them being spectacular so my hopes are high for meals here.
I particularly want to try the pancakes.
Our bill came to less that £20, and for 3 teas, a coffee and 3 cakes that's pretty good!
Just think how much that could cost in a big chain place, and how much lower the quality would be!
Tea at 94, from what I can tell, is still rather undiscovered.
I live very near it and it always seems to be rather quiet.
This effected the atmosphere a little.
We were the only customers a part from one girl who didn't stay long.
It felt a little bit empty and characterless.
I know often these things come with time and it hasn't been open that long on the grand scheme of things, so maybe it will change.
However, this will definitely not stop me from going there, it's just far too delicious!

Tea at 94 has not only a great selection of teas but I also love the amazing fresh cakes!
The staff is so super welcoming and friendly that you will always see a smiling face inside.
There is a nice selection of art, including kids' art, on the walls that somewhat disguise the plain walls and furniture.
I've only ever come here for book group and, although I am not sure if they have wifi, I should try working from here.
The cakes, especially the chocolate and raspberry torte I had yesterday, are fantastic and reasonably priced, too!

Tea at 94 was the first place to become a favourite spot for me when I moved to Edinburgh, and not just because I lived practically opposite.
The pink exterior and seriously cute signage outside give a good flavour of what to expect within, although bright splashes of colour from the cushions and artwork add a lively touch to keep it from slipping onto the wrong side of twee.
The service is delightfully chirpy and personal, but never intrusive.
Perhaps because of its location, Tea at 94 still seems to be something of an undiscovered gem, so don't come here if you like bustle; when I go with a friend we are often the only people there.
As well as the yummy homemade cakes, there's also usually a little plate of adorable mini-pastries, which the proprietor tends to wave at us just as we're thinking we're done.
They're a cheap and delicious way to extend afternoon tea just a little further!
While teashops also sell coffee and coffee shops also sell tea, there is certain nuance in being a teashop and not a coffee shop.
Tea at 94 has this down to - forgive me - a T. A delicate jumble of cups and saucers from a range of sets usually leads to the "mine's prettier than yours" game, and even if you're not particularly into scones, if you pass up a chance to try the jam they serve you are definitely missing out.

What a cute tea house!
I came because some new friends invited me to meet them there, and I love this place.
The cakes are all hand made and seriously (too) good.
They have a good tea selection and those I've tried have all been new to me and I've enjoyed them all.
The owner is almost always there, and otherwise everyone is super nice and chatty.
My friends had food and it looks good, and they go there often, so it must be.

My favourite Edinburgh cafe!
This quiet little spot is perfect for a quick lunch, a chatty tea & slice of cake, or even a long study session.
The prices are a smidge steep (around £3 for a slice of cake or £2 for a small pot of tea), but I'm more than willing to spend a bit more here.
The staff are absolutely delightful: quick and warm without being intrusive.
The decor is charming, with delicate mismatched china, pretty lace, and rotating art on the walls (I think it changes around once a month) that's always appealing.
As for the food: a big attraction here, as the cafe's name would suggest, is the tea.
There's a very extensive tea menu, and every one I've tried has been delicious.
The last time I went I had a jasmine-y green tea that was divine.
The paninis are solid -- tasty but certainly not ground-breaking.
The real treat is the cake.
Different cakes are on offer every day, but all are absolutely incredible.
I follow Tea at 94 on Twitter just so I can stay updated on their cakes.
That good.
Why not 5 stars?
They only take cash, which is always mildly annoying.
There's no wifi and mobile service is iffy.
And more than once I've had an order mix-up.
Overall, however, this place is fabulous and I highly recommend it.

