The best Indian food I've had!
They just opened this week and are still working out the kinks but  the owner was there and was so helpful and enthusiastic, a great atmosphere and full bar.
A fantastic exotic meal!

I just went in this week.
The restaurant was just opened.
There were not many people still but the ambiance was good.
The food was awesome.
I have never had south Indian food like this in US before.
The owner was very helpful and he gave many just prepared dishes to try to get the feel of their food.
The cost also is very decent.
Will surely go soon :-) Want to try north Indian food too.....

Hey hey, it's another new Indian Buffet!
:-)  Ok, let's get some little negatives out of the way first:  *  The Lunch Buffet serving line featured only a smallish 15 main items, with 20+ the norm for this kind of place.
There should have been lettuce, for instance.
*  There were empty spots here & there in the serving line that should have had SOMETHING in them!
*  The check arrived at the table earlier than it should have.
*  At $10.95 on weekdays, it's a little pricey.
Ok, so 2 Stars & we're out of here, right?
Well, not so fast!
:-)  *  On the plus side, this is a nice brand new decidedly UPSCALE restaurant with classy, up-to-the-minute Indian decor.
"Classy" & "Indian" in the same sentence?
Yes!
:-)  *  The service was friendly and attentive.
*  They bring you a freshly prepared Dosa, & more of them if you like.
*  The food was delicious & included some rare treats.
Wait 'til you taste the "Chinese Chilly Chicken"!
Some of the other tasty treats were the Veg Fried Rice, Chicken Curry, Chicken Makhana, Methu Yada donuts, & awesome Mango Custard!
There were the usual tastes as well, including good Tandoori Chicken & so on, & two excellent soups, Rasam & Veg Sambar.
All in all, the food was interesting, somewhat spicy, trippy Indian music played in the background & there's an overall specialness about this place that has it nipping at 5 Stars!
:-))

For those of you who can't figure out why this location is familiar, this used to be Pasand's Indian Food.
I had walked in and walked out because it did not look great on the inside- NOW- this place is Chutney's, new owner, amazing interior!
They gutted the place and completely redesigned this restaurant.
All new everything!
My silverware was sparkling, love it!
-The staff was very attentive; promptly greeted and seated, we were able to get assistance from our waiter with what to order and his suggestions, our glasses never emptied, food came promptly and piping hot, and empty dishes were immediately taken away.
-At the end of our meal- the new owner stopped by our table to see how everything was.
He was extremely nice and you could tell how much pride he takes in his restaurant; you can tell by the way it looks and is run.
-To top everything off- there is even a generous feedback area at the bottom of every receipt.
My friend and I had left our comments about how great the service was and delicious the food is.
We did ask that if possible, we would like to see them add mango chutney to the menu (it's one of our favorite Indian sides and is a personal staple with naan in my opinion).
:-)  -To start off your meal you will get some crispy Indian bread (can't remember the name), and you get their homemade dipping sauces.
Everything seemed to pack a punch and was delicious.
There was a sweet & sour sauce, a savory mint sauce, a tomato based sauce, and a coconut sauce.
They were all very good and went great with the house made naan ($2.00) we ordered which was OMG delicious!
Fluffy and perfect!
-We ordered two different chicken dishes, one was Chicken Tikki Masala and the other came as a recommendation from our waiter, both were very good.
Their heat scale is 1-10.
We tried one at a 3 and one at a 4 and they were both very hot!
The four was extremely spicy for us- not so much that we couldn't enjoy it, we both just prefer a more mild heat.
Both dishes were very smooth and tasty, you could tell the quality of chicken was high too (plus it was all white meat).
We will absolutely go back.
We have been waiting for a clean, delicious Indian restaurant- even though the entire set up isn't complete, you should head in and give it a shot, I don't think it will disappoint.
I look forward to trying the lunch buffet.
:-)

Well, well...the standards for Indian cuisine in the Phoenix just continue to rise and rise.
Just a few short days after discovering Matka, I tried Chutney's, which is located in the space formerly occupied by Pasand.
For those of you who have been to Pasand, just forget all about that.
The new owner has gone all out on the new place.
The furniture is all new, new bar, new kitchen, new buffet table.
Everything is shiny and clean and just a little upscale-looking.
But for the three or four people out there that actually read my reviews, you'll know that ambience and décor are at the bottom of my list when it comes to judging a restaurant--service, flavor and price are what is important.
Fortunately, Chutney's has all three covered in abundance.
The owner is a great host.
For the people who look a little lost, he quickly steps in, giving them a tour of the buffet, which has a very generous number of selections (I have not been here for dinner yet).
Several times during our visit he stopped at our table to let us know of something new coming out of the kitchen, or to recommend some dish or drink.
Our waiter was also very good, knowledgeable and attentive.
Pretty good considering how new the place is.
The food was great.
My wife and I are still debating which we liked better--Matka or Chutney's.
I guess the only solution is to each Indian twice as often and go back and forth between the two.
I mentioned the selection--very large with six chicken dishes alone, not to mention numerous veggie selections and lots of other stuff.
Price is about what you expect--$10.99 per person and $6.99 for kids.
I'm not sure if price and selection varies on weekdays--we visited on a Sunday.
I live just down the street from this place.
I intent to be a very regular customer.

Almost the best Indian Cuisine Restaurant in Tempe.
The food was simply superb.
We enjoyed each and every bite.
There were certain dishes that we couldnt find elsewhere, for example the kerala dish "Avial".
The chutney was the best, no wonder the name.
Everything we ordered was hot and tasty.
Didn't realize the waiting time because of the "Papad" and 3 different  chutneys that was served initially.
The menu has no many varieties and the best part is, they cover all the cuisines of India from the north all the way to the south.
The two owners were really nice and sweet to talk to us and gave personal attention.
Great hospitality by the staff and very nice Classical music in the background.
All in all, a restaurant I would recommend to anyone looking for best Indian cuisine.
All credits to the chef!

I live 1 block away, and was very familiar with the former place "pasand", but usually ordered takeout from there because the place was so dingy.
I LOVE Chutney's, it looks SO much better on the inside and gives you the mexican equivalent of chips and salsa with its papads and chutney.
It opened about 2 weeks ago?
and we've been there 3 times.
SO GOOD!
Have not ordered wrong yet.
Have yet to try the lunch buffet.

Last night we went for this place.
I am from India and we were apprehensive about it.
But to surprise us all this restaurant excel in our expectations.
The ambiance was awesome with light background tamil/hindi music.
The food taste was authentic.
The service was prompt and courteous.
A great place to go when you are hungry.
The dosa and biryani were awesome.

The food is good but the only drawback is that the lunch buffet has fewer items when compared to other places of this kind.

Forget the old Pasanad and HELLO Chutney's!
The owner is bringing what real Indian food should look and taste like directly from the culinary capital of the world: San Francisco!
Order the "Lollipop Chicken" when it is being served and keep going back for more as, compared to Pasand, you have many options for your entree.
The only set-back outside of the new bright and cheery interior is the wait-staff is fairly young and inexperienced.
Ordering a dry martini was a challenge and was sent back as I basically got  a glass of vermouth and vodka-- not shaken, not stirred.
Why have a bar if you don't know how to use it?
Best bet:  stick with the Flying Horse beer.
A delicious way to wash down the spicy European influenced cuisine.
The joy and happiness the owner brings to environment is a welcomed changed form that dreary, drab, processed Indian food serving Pasand was.
Night and day.
Once the staff is up to snuff, this will be a five start rating for sure!

I've been here twice for dinner in the last month.
The first time I went, they were out of most things that we asked for, but that did not really deter us.
The food was really tasty, but extremely oily.
We could literally remove the oil from the paneer dish with a spoon.
They even gave us gulab jamus (not very good though) on the house.
The second time we went there, we stuck to dosas and idlis since we didn't want to order any masala dish after tasting the oil-dripping pappads.
We ordered mini-idlis as an appetizer and one of us had the mango milkshake.
All of us had dosas.I don't know if the mix up was the server's or the cook's but not one of us got what we had ordered.
Since we had already waited long enough, we did not bother asking for a replacement.
If only we had been able to catch hold of our waiter, we wouldn't have gotten the appetizer when we were almost done with the entree.
The drink also came at the end - the waiter said that the blender/mixer was broken and they were fixing it.
To sum up, food is tasty, though very oily, but service is sub par to say the least.

Food was delicious.
Outstanding service.
Definitely going to return again very soon.
Best Indian food in Phoenix.

Interesting buffet.
Lots of chicken which is surprising for an Indian place.
The food was pretty tasty.
Usually Indian places are too bland for my tastes as they try to appeal to the masses.
Chutney's seems to hit a nice medium level.
Unfortunately the food was cold.
I visited at noon and a lot of the dishes seemed to be full.
I don't know if the buffet setup is incorrect - not many lids and the Tandori was covered in tinfoil - or perhaps the food was prepared ahead of time.
The place is obviously still under renovation - you can tell by the pile of junk outside the front door - so maybe the buffet is still under renovation as well.
The service was friendly but when I ordered an iced tea, the waiter brought me pre-sweetened tea.
Granted I didn't specify so perhaps it's my fault - but it did take a while for them to bring me an unsweetened tea.
I think the buffet was a bit of a bust but the food was tasty enough that I would like to try the dinner menu.
I have high hopes.

Spacious place.
No Poori + some common dishes are missing..

3 of us were here tonight at 9pm.
There was chaos all over because of some party going on in their mini room.
We were seated and were brought water, no drinks coz no waiter was interested in getting our order.
No papads either.
Anyway, we ordered a plate of idly, mini idly, curd rice and paneer 65.
The food arrived at 9.30pm, which was when they planned to tell us that they were out of curd rice and my friend changed his order to a pongal.
The idlys were blah and the paneer dish was uncooked.
I have never eaten paneer straight out of the fridge topped with tomato sauce before tonight!
At 9.50pm, my friend hadn't gotten his food yet and we waved over another waiter (who was btw the 3rd person to serve us today) who looked at us in surprise and told us that pongal wasn't available either.
Awesome!
We just asked for the check since we were tired of the whole thing and after 5 min of the waiters talking to each other they brought us the check.
There was no owning up to their mistake, no complimentary anything for their screw-up, nothing.
We paid and left pretty pissed.
Either way none of them seemed to care.
I guess none of us are gonna return there, one of us getting back hungry late in the night is not our idea of dining out.
Kudos to the totally indifferent management!

Food quality varies each day.
they need to be more consistent.
Need to improve the service.
Waitress and servers are gracious, but its very under staffed and disorganized.
I have seen a couple of guests totally getting pissed off at the way the owner runs it.
I dont see much issue with the staff.
But I myself has seen the owner who did a couple of violations right infront of me.
He needs to improve.
The biryani taste is over powered by spices which needs to be toned down.
If not there is no differentiation between this and other Indian restaurants in Phx.

3.5 - Love the new digs.. nice tables and ambiance.
Wife got lamb curry @ 2 spice levels,,, was mild but a whole lotta flavor I got the Shrimp Vindaloo @ 5 spice levels... heat,, mm heat,,,  very flavorful as well, sauce was awesome to dip the garlic bread in,   not a huge fan of basmati rice though,,, with you had choice of Jasmine,, but all in all we will be back,,  thanks,  FYI: Front door isn't just a pull on handle, you need to press the top lever then pull, almost seemed like the place was closed...

Noticed this new Indian place near our house so I thought we'd give it a shot.
The first impression as we walked in the door was very positive, decor and ambiance were a step up from the previous establishment that was in this location.
Service was also good - prompt and responsive, but that's where the positives end.
Food was where they fell short with most items we ordered lacking in flavor.
We ordered a tandoori chicken and saag paneer, both were OK at best, the garlic naan was pretty good but it's hard to go wrong with that.
Being a native Indian I have pretty high expectations for indian food so I can only give them 3 starts based on the food.
It's a new place so hopefully things will improve as they get established.
I might try it again for the lunch buffet in a few months.

Good food but the service was a let down!
good: ambience food decor  not-so-good: service  I was really disappointed with the service.
The staff was unresponsive and super slow.
Our table wasn't clean and we wanted to move to a booth, but they didn't let us.
We had to wait endlessly to place our order, for the food to arrive and for the staff to get our check.
And yes, the curries are served with a side of rice, they forgot the rice part too.
I would be okay with all this if the place was overcrowded and there were too many orders, but in our case, the place was almost empty, there were 3 to 4 other groups but they were done eating and ready to leave.
The food was good.
I specially liked the chicken tikka masala.
Malai kofta was good too.
Their spice levels are from 1 - 10.
Anything beyond 5 would be really spicy ( I can handle medium to spicy food, but not super spicy)

This review is based on a dinner experience (Maybe the lunch buffet is great because you get to SERVE YOURSELF).
The food, was good...but not great.
The okra in the soup we ordered wasn't cooked thoroughly, and was hard.
The flavors in the Samosas were nice, as was the Palak Paneer...but again, it wasn't anything I couldn't get at the Supermarket from a box.
In addition, most places include naan with your meal... but at Chutney's, they charge 2.50 for two pieces.
Seems like a rip off.
Let's get to the worst part.
Our time spent in the restaurant - TWO HOURS.
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.
"I think we're missing naan.
"  "Ohhh, right..."    "Did you need anything else?
"  "Yes, the soup?
"  Then at the end of our poorly timed meal, plates still filled with food, they brought the check.
Didn't ask if we wanted dessert, or boxes.
Now, the guy who brings the water and bussed the table: He was on the ball!
Promote him to a server position, because the girls leisurely walking around the restaurant?
Can't hack it.
I miss when this place was Pasand : (

Just had their lunch buffet.
I took a bit of almost everything and thought the food was quite good.
They seemed to have quite a variety of meat and vegatable dishes  washed down with a nice Kingfisher beer.
I admit that I'm not an expert in Indian food, and only know what I like.
However, I have spent time in India and other parts of Asia where I have had quite a few Indian meals and this appears to be very similar and therefore I'm guessing fairly authentic.
The second clue is that there were a lot of Indian familes there.
It has a nice family feel about the place, draws larger groups of people, so all in all a pleasant experience.
The service was ok, not spectacular, but for a buffet you don't need much service.

The first time when we went here the food was really good.
However the quality decreased a lot .
We went there atleast four -5 times but the food was really bad.The biryani was really bad.
It had too much of spices.
The place was really under-staffed.And we had to wait atleast for fifteen minutes to be seated.
I will not return to this restaurant again

I stopped by for lunch yesterday and was impressed.
It's not much from the outside but when you walk in it's very nice, clean, and good atmosphere inside.
For lunch they have a full buffet with a large selection.
I'm not an expert on Indian food, so I tried a little of everything and I loved it all.
The wait staff was very friendly and attentive.

Went tonight for the second time in two months.
The food is really good but their service is very slow.
Be prepared to spend at least an hour waiting to get your food.

I have been to almost every other Indian restaurant in valley .. Chutneys is just 2 blocks away from my home , I really loved this place when it had just got opened with owner taking  care of every table personally,service was good food was good ..
But now I am afraid with no owners present in restaurant waiters are handling it terribly ..
I went there around 8.40 at night .
Waitress came at my table at 8.55 when I was almost about to leave I ordered my food pretty regular dosa and it got to my table at 9.30 with a message they are closing soon so give final orders.also their menu has shrinked like anything earlier they used to have all the common dishes now nothing .
Even dishes in menu are not avail , why is it in menu then ??
Their staff is same as it was for Krishna cafe , 2 waitresses are not rude but they don't care either and the guy who takes order is so rude he acts as if people have come in his wedding for free food ... Would not recommend it at all unless you can wait for an hour for your dish ...

They had the Best Biryani in AZ.
I have Chicken Biryani in several places in phoenix and tempe, but this place beats everything.
Had gone sometimes for their buffet and it was good too.
I have to give 5 stars for the ambience of this place too.

After staying away from this place for 2.5 months, we decided to give it one last try.
We have been back thrice since.
We now really like the food here, mainly south indian, haven't had time to try other stuff.
Dosas, Uthappams, Idiyappam (rice noodles), Kurma are all very good.
Loved the Gobi Manchurian, but not a fan of the fried rice served with it.
Parotta was very hard and oily.
Service has definitely improved, but could be better.
3.5 stars overall.
If you don't know what to get, dosas are the safest and tastiest option :)

I have got to say their food started out as pretty good.
The last meal I had was superb!
Go Chutney's!

Recently went and felt that restaurant has changed quite a bit from the time it started.
Earlier they were serving papad and chutney as a complimentary snack, now it seems that they have stopped.
The rotis were salty (quite disappointed) but the rest of the food was good.

One of the best Indian food I had in Tempe.
Buffet was good.
Worth the money spent.
Had Manchurian Idali- South-Indian food cooked in a different way.
Must try for all the food lovers!!
As it is always full on weekends, the food is freshly cooked & served.
Big Thumps Up from My side.
And don't miss the buffet.
Cheers, ~Ed

This is a big improvement on the Pasand.
Decor much improved and tastefully done.
plus clean bathrooms.
Have had the buffet lunch several times over the last 6 months.
Food has been been consistently very good on our visits with a great selection for vegetarians.
I'd say they are a little on the expensive side for the buffet - so marked them down for that  - otherwise a good choice.
Get's pretty busy after 12 - with a ton of Indian folks coming in for lunch, but they seem to be able to cope ok.  Have not had a chance to try the Dinner menu yet.
11/23/12 Update  Overall the lunch buffet food selection is great.
Very tasty - good section of meat and vegetarian options.
Probably one of the best Indian buffets around.
Best if you can get there at say 11:30 since buffet can get pretty busy at 12 - though they do seem to handle the people pretty efficiently.
I guess it's a good sign that there are so many Indian folks going there for lunch.

My husband and I went there for the first time today.
(9/20/12).
Quite a drive from North Valley, but the food was totally worth it.
Tasty, and well presented.
I am a vegetarian, decided to eat the Idli-Vada combo.
The sides-coconut chutney, tomato chutney, and Sambar- were beautifully presented in 3 small bowls, separately.
Idlis usually dont make it on my "to-eat" dishes at any restaurant, because by evening they dry out.
But these were soft and fully cooked.
The Medhu Vada was done perfectly.
Crispy, crunchy, and tasty.
I also had samosas, and the accompanying chutneys( tamarind sweet chutney, and cilantro mint) were tasty too.
My husband, found South Indian style Chicken Sukha( dry ), and enjoyed it immensely.
The Egg biryani was also quite tasty.
Rice was fully cooked, and they give quite a generous portion.
Price wise, probably same or at par with most other Indian restaurants in the valley.
Non veg dishes come at 10.95 to 11.95. and whatever I had was under 12 dollars.
The staff told me that their buffet spread is extensive, and weekends they offer more variety.
Definitely a Must try!!!
We will go back again, if possible.

Very large and diverse selection of buffet items for both meat eaters and vegetarians.
There is also a station for cold foods, and a wide selection of delectable desserts.
Some vegetarian dishes include eggplant masala, mutter paneer, and vegetable korma.
There were a lot of different meat dishes to choose from too, such as goat curry, lamb biryani, egg curry, chicken makhani, and fish curry.
Each dish I tried had a very distinct taste which was nice, since at other buffets I've been to the flavors can tend to taste the same, as if they've used the same base sauce but added just a few different ingredients to call it a different name.
There was also fresh dosa served at your table.
It was light, crispy, and had a nice potato filling.
The only real negative I found was that the naan at the buffet table was dry and tasted like it had been sitting out for a long time, even though I came here 30 minutes after they opened for lunch.
Service was very prompt and friendly.
Drinks were quickly refilled, and there was always someone there to ask if I needed anything.
The decor is nice too!
It has a warm, inviting, and modern atmosphere.
The buffet is a little pricey ($11.95), but considering the variety and quality of food they serve here, it's worth it to splurge!
This is the real-deal, authentic stuff!

Very delicious Veggie dishes for everyone in our family!
We came here for dinner and were extremely pleased with the level of spiciness and the overall flavor.
Not too salty like dishes in some other Indian restaurants.
Will definitely come back!

Had a very nice variety of items on the buffett.
The restaraunt was very clean and had a good atmosphere and ambiance.
The food had a lot of flavor and the servers were very nice and eager to help.
It was bit more expensive than your stereotypical indian buffett, but the quality of the food, variety, and the atmosphere do justify the cost in my opinion.
I'll be back, my wife and I both enjoyed it.

The food is outstanding.
Their hours are wrong, they aren't open on Monday's right now.
Edit: They are now open 7 days a week.
Increased the rating to 5, I love the food but I was very unhappy to drive there when they were closed.
Hoping it doesn't happen again.

Best Indian buffet in the valley.
Very large and diverse assortment.
Highly recommend

= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =  Stopped back in here today, this time joined by Mike C.  Again, this place is a hard one to rate as there are both good & not so good things about it.
Ok, let's get the negatives from this visit out of the way:  *  Again there were empty spots in the serving line.
There should be SOMETHING in every available tray location, even if it's just some celery, hardboiled eggs or whatever.
*  Our table steward didn't offer to bring us complimentary Dosas this time.
*  There are foods that amount to soups, but the nearest thing they had available to function as bowls were little white styrofoam cups!
What's a restaurant with "classy" atmosphere, as this one has, doing even having such containers in the building?¿?
*  One of the soups was only lukewarm.
*  As before, the Buffet price is a little high at $10.95  *  I like nice hot garlic flavored Naan, but all we were offered was blah, completely plain Naan, served at room temperature.
= = = = = = = = = = = = =   Yes, there were also some positives:  *  The decor here is classy, and this may be the nicest Indian Restaurant in the Valley.
:-)  *  The selection of food was larger this time, about 30 items, which is generous for an Indian Buffet.
*  The food is good overall & some dishes are unusual compared to what is served at most of the Indian Buffets in the Valley.
All in all, I feel that the negatives pull this one down to 3 Stars this time.
We have lots of choices for good Indian Buffet in the Valley.
:-)

Went for dinner on a Fri night.
Service was lacking and so was the food.
Our waiter - nice kid, but didn't know the first thing about the food.
We were actually amazed that the owner wouldn't take more care in teaching the staff.
The manager was there nonchalantly walking around but never offered any help or even stop by to see how things were.
We ordered palak paneer, lamb keema, chicken tikka masala and egg curry.
The palak paneer was probably the best dish.
The keema's spices were overpowering and was hard to eat.
The tikka masala was ok, but seemed to be missing something.
Overall, the food was just ok and won't warrant a return trip.

BEST LUNCH BUFFET IN PHOENIX HANDS DOWN!
A little pricey though($10.95 (?
) on weekdays & $12.95 on the weekends), but TOTALLY worth it..Huge selection of dishes (Brunch,Desserts) & great taste!
I recommended this one to more than a dozen folks & everyone seemed to like it..They have idli/dosai/vada/pongal for b'fast & the sambar is good.
Lot of veg/non-veg entrees to choose from & best part is the biryani(generally egg/chicken/goat, no veg) is included with the buffet!
Wide variety of desserts & this is the only restaurant (from the ones I dined) that serves gulab-jamun HOT!
On the other side - Service is really bad & they'll need to improve by miles, if they want to get their act together!
Final Verdict: ANYTIME!
ANYDAY!

If I were strictly going to rate this place on quality and flavor of food, I would give the place 3 stars.
But given the sheer number of available dishes on the buffet requires me to give it 4.
I am a bit of an Indian buffet aficionado, and this place offers literally double the next highest number of dishes Ive seen at an Indian buffet.
And the food is good, too!
It really is very good quality...BUT, I have had a lot better too.
I like that they place naan on the buffet.
I like that everything was well stocked.
I liked the variety of entrees and desserts.
I also liked the chai offered on the line.
Really, this place is a great place to bring someone who has never had indian before or someone who wants to try a wide variety of dishes.
The service lacked.
About 3/4 of the way through the meal, my father and I noticed that literally every other table had been given dosai as part of their meal.
We did not receive these, and were somewhat bummed.
Also, water service was lacking.
The have a pitcher on each of the tables which contains just enough water to fill exactly 4 glasses.
We were out of water for quite a long time and it was difficult to flag down a server.
Finally, the price was just ok.
I had come to this location many times when it was Pasand, and they have remodeled and revamped everything from the decor to the menu, but Im not quite convinced that the price is worth the quality.
My father seemed to really enjoy this place though, and given its proximity to our home, Im sure he will be back many times.
I will probably not be back unless invited by someone else, or Im specifically in need of an Indian restaurant within a 3 mile radius of this location.

Awesome Tikka Marsala and the Vindaloo is to die for!
The wait staff are friendly and prompt, and the food is amazing.
I don't claim to be an expert on Indian cuisine, but we do enjoy Chutney's, and when we are hungry for good Indian food, we always head here.

This place is a must-visit.
The lunch buffet is king-size .. how many places serve 6+ desserts?
And the taste of everything is authentic and great at the same time.
The service is excellent as well.
I go here atleast once a week.

Excellent food and awesome choices of desserts.
Great options for Vegetarians.
But on the pricier side!

Well I am an Indian Cuisine Virgin no longer .
and .
I am now an Indian Cuisine Fan.
A co-worker has been after me for some time to try indian cuisine, but I always had an excuse.
Well, today, she cornered me and said we are going .
only concession .
I got to choose the restaurant.
Chutney's Indian Cuisine it is.
I am so glad that this restaurant has a llunch buffet, because I had no idea what I would have ordered.
So I tried a little of everything .
and .
I loved it ALL.
The chicken, the goat, the eggplant, the curries, I could not get enough.
All were fresh, hot, and just enough spice to give everything a nice kick.
I think I may have made a mistake tough .
while I am now willing to go out for indian cuisine .
I hope the bar was not set to high.
Chutney"s I will be back .
and for the rest of the Indian Cuisine Restaurants .
look out, I will be coming your way soon.

I am from India.
Have tried many Indian Restaurants in and around Phoenix area and have high expectations from an Indian restaurant.
Chutney's is by far the Best one.
The quality of food is Great.
The Variety is the best.
You will never find such a wide variety anywhere in Phoenix Area.
And all this for just $12.95 on weekend.
It is the BEST INDIAN RESTAURANT in and around Phoenix

I love its Sunday buffet.
It's not a skimpy buffet, and not on the cheap end (~$13/person for Sunday lunch).
It has great food and tons of flavor.
Meat lovers would get their money's worth there.
The variety of fruits and desserts can easily satisfy anyone's sweet tooth (fair warning, Indian desserts are really really sugary).
It's a great place to get a little "kick" in your taste buds.
During my last visit, I spotted Mango ice cream and Mango juice, which made me tremendously happy.
That being said, I think the quality has gone down a bit.
Namely the chicken/lamb curry dishes have more bones mixed in and less meat on the bone.
I am not a connoisseur of authentic Indian food.
But the presence of lots of Indian families there offers a sign of assurance.
I like this place and hope it can maintain its quality.

Great selection and variety with decent flavors but not as bold as others I have tried.
Inside a tired strip mall sits this well appointed indian spot, which was a buffet for our saturday lunch.
~ $12.50 each.
Pick up a plate and some Styrofoam cups for the sauces and get started.
It starts with the starch, rice, flavored rice, a polenta like item and rice pillows.
Then move on to the soups.
After the soup the main event begins, You will fist be greeted by vegetarian dishes that become less vegan to a egg dish a fish dish then the full on meat.
A few dishes here were new to me, like the egg masla, it had a great flavor with the sauteed onion and Masala seasoning.
Next are the name sake of this place, the chutneys which were decent but again not as bold, which may be good if you have a mid-west palette.
The real surprise here was the huge desert buffet, it has the usual galub, keer but it also had items I have never seen like fried bread in a mango syrup and a dal based sweet sauce that is like caramel.
If you want to try a few new items or have a taste for the bland give this place a try.

I will definitely come back for more.
I came with a fairly large group and we enjoyed all the dishes.
There was a mix of vegetarian and non vegs ordered for the different preferences.
Some dishes we ordered: paneer tikka, saag paneer, butter chicken, lamb igaru, egg curry, chilli paneer, baby corn chili, manchurian...

Food is great!
Tried different menu items and have always left with full bellies and smiles in our faces.

Weekend lunch is great.
The restaurant is clean and in the right location.
Vegetarians have more options here than other Indian restaurants in the vicinity.

They used serve really good food, but nowadays food is very bad.
Recently went there for Dinner and had a horrible food.

Very clean and delicious food!!
Very helpful service.
I felt the price of the meal was comparable to value.
I would definately return..

Stopped by for lunch today.
I have never seen an Indian buffet this busy.
There were no choices other than buffet (no individual dishes until dinner).
The buffet made up for that in its dizzying array of choices including the best biryani I have had in a long time.
Each of the dishes had decent flavor.
I was very impressed with the chili chicken, biryani and butter chicken.
For a buffet the food was very flavorful.
The food was flavorful enough that I want to come back for dinner and see what spicy means to them.
For those that want their food to "bring the heat" this buffet is not going to excite you but it is flavorful.
The only negative I saw was the naan was done like it was for a buffet that didn't match the caliber of the dishes available at Chutneys.

Wow everything I've tried here is super good!
I usually go with something spicy and vegetarian.
They're a little more pricey than other Indian places nearby, but worth a try.

Wow!
This place is awesome!
The food was delicious and the service was nice and friendly.
The only thing that could make this better is if they delivered.
*Hint Hint*

A modest little place worth checking out.
Very clean, nice interior.
It seems that Indian restaurants have either an over the top design with big floral drapes and bronze whatnots, or they'll be a bit on the trashy side.
80's, diner style tables and Bollywood TVs.
Chutney's was right in the middle.
Comfortable, inviting.
I love that they mark what is and isn't vegan which is something a lot of Indian restaurants don't do which can make ordering a pain in the butt.
Especially if the servers don't have very good english.
I had the veg vindaloo which was very good.
A bit more watery than the vindaloo I'm used to, but it's forgivable.
I really like a thick gravy in all my curries, which this didn't really have.
The spice level was perfect.
Lots of crisp cauliflower and toothsome potatoes & chickpeas.
This would easily be a 4 star if not for 2 things:  a.
) Despite the dinning area being near abandoned, service was slow.
I was in for perhaps 15 minutes before I got my drink order in.
There's really no excuse for that.
) They didn't bring me rice with my vindaloo.
We ordered 3 curries and only two plates of rice came out.
So, there you have it.
Perhaps I came in on a bad night, but I feel the wait staff could use some improvement.
With that, I think it could be one of the best Indian joints in the valley.
I'll be returning and will adjust my review accordingly.

I love this place.
If you love spicy indian food this place is heaven!!!
Definitely will come back.
Yes it was worth the drive from Cali!!!

Overpriced and sub-par food.
They had a lot of choices for the lunch buffet we tried today, but some dishes seemed stale: some of the weeks including mango custard, chilli chicken, 'jalebi'.
Overpriced.

Chi little spot in a great Tempe location.
Seated quickly and provided water immediately.
Waitress came to take our drink order shortly after.
Ordered the medu vada as an app and it came with a few good sauces and had great taste and texture.
Had the chicken chettinad extra spicy which had really great flavor.
Solid service and good food definitely makes this a spot that I will return to.
Fellow Yelpers should for sure give this place a try.

Great apps, very spicy (a good thing) and wonderful service.
Will definitely be back again.

very good place for south Indian spicy food.
We went for  dinner and not for buffet.
Chittinad dosa, Chicken Biryani,  chilli baby-corn, Chicken Chittinad, garlic naans are good.

I LOVE IT!
As authentic indian food as it is, finding this restaurant was like finding a gem!
The chicken tikka massala and lamb curry were sooooo delicate and delicious, it made me drool just to type this.
I will definitely be back for more!

You walk in and it looks really clean, decent,  and somewhat upscale.
It's like an mildy upscale indian cuisine restaurant.
Pretty legit.
The food here is really good.
I like it a lot - the lamb curry, chicken tikka massala, and other foods you would expect to be there are outstanding!
However....it just took EXTREMELY long for the food to come out and there was some type of miscommunication between the server and the kitchen because 3 out of the 5 orders at our table were wrong and it's been around 45 min to an hour wait time.
Since we were hungry, we took the food anyway - but it WAS good!
So all in all - not bad food wise.
For some reason or another - the service we got that day was extremely slow and flustered (which may come off as a first world problem).
Despite that, I would still give this place another try because I truly enjoyed the food when we finally got it.
With an attitude of gratitude I see the bright side that I actually got to eat that day as opposed to many that are struggling in the world - I can't bad mouth the place.
I was fed.

First experience with Indian food and omgosh what an impression!
Highly recommend!

= = = = = =  CHUTNEY'S LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  I hesitate to say that this review is for the "Weekend" Lunch Buffet as it struck me as about the same as the weekday version that I've had at least twice here, except for the $2 higher price.
There WAS a lamb dish out, which may be a weekend only item.
YAYS:  *  Beautiful dining rooms.
*  Delicious help-yourself Mango Juice.
*  Hot Indian Tea.
*  Small Dosa brought to the table.
I preferred it to the ones with the huge bread part you usually get at places that serve one.
*  Food mostly good.
The Lamb Curry, Chicken Tikki Masala & the Chicken Pepper Masala were all tasty, for examples.
I thought the Tandoori Chicken was just ok.   INFO:  *  Dishes tended toward somewhat spicy...
I wouldn't say "hot.
"  *  Everything was the right temperature (except the Naan bread).
*  Fairly generous selection for an Indian Buffet:  32 items (including Dosa, juice, tea & counting salad items separately but not including sauces & dressings).
*  At the top of the price range for weekend Indian Buffets.
NAYS:  *  Here they are trying to be an upscale restaurant & yet they're still using super tacky little Styrofoam cups for you to put the Sambar, Rasam & other soupy foods in.
These things shouldn't be seen anywhere except maybe at the jail or the homeless shelter!
So, just as both times before I asked for several small REAL bowls to put food in, & just as both times before the host had a story for me about how the bowls were in the back being polished!
Then, eventually, he brought me out 3 dinky little ceramic square things to put a tablespoon or so of soup in!
(Remarkably, my Dosa showed up in a REAL BOWL which I tried to hide when I got up for TEN SECONDS but he found it & ran away 100kph with it!
:-O  *  That wasn't the end of the Styrofoam!
That's also all they had for the Mango Juice & the Indian Tea.
Other Valley Indian Buffets that serve these two nice treats provide real glasses for the juice & real mugs for the tea!
Here it was jail/homeless Styrofoam cups just a little bigger than the "soup" ones!
*  The Naan Bread!
The best Indian Buffets in the Valley offer you a choice between garlic flavored or plain, which usually means lightly buttered.
In any case, it comes in a basket, hot, to your table.
Here it was plain only, nothing on it, & just laying out at room temperature in the serving area!
AYSM?
:-O  All in all, and at $12.95?
3 Stars, barely.
:-|

This is a nice sit down area to eat good quality Indian food.
Try their fish curry and lamb byriani....very yummy and you can set to whatever spice level you want.
They also have specialty cocktails you can order like coconut rum.
Service itself was great....though I suggest kind of back off from checking on your customer so often by 3 different people.....or questions about which other Indian restaurant you tried....let the food do the talking....if you need to check on other Indian restaurants...you can use yelp!

I've finally found an Indian restaurant that I can repeatedly go to!
I haven't had Indian food since moving here as I was told there were no good places to go.
The buffet at lunch was very good!

Updating my review which I had written months back .
This place has great food , I had combo gobi munchurian & fried rice .
It was delicious , indo Chinese at this place is much better than newly opened indo Chinese restaurant in scottsdale .
Service is good too .
I had a chat with the other owner and he was telling me they are going to add more dishes to menu .
I am looking forward to try those .

This is the best Indian food I have had in Tempe.

Every Indian Restaurant in the valley starts with lot of promise and will go down with the time.
Here is another one with same traits.
When started everything is rosy and great attention to the detail and respect to the customers?
As time goes on, they think they are pioneers of the business start showing attitude.
We are there for the dinner, ordered Goat Biryani, the meat is not tender and my kid commented that meat is slippery and rubbery; she is only four year old.
You need to have strong teeth to eat.
The chicken curry is actually smelly and it has some raw chicken feel to it.
If they choose to ignore the signs it's sure will go down and history will repeat.
I agree with other reviewer Rand H about Buffet comments.
The chicken Biryani served in the buffet is pale not tasty at all.
I completely agree about the styrofoam cups nothing upscale about it.
Nan placed at the buffet is not warm, and service is OK.
Unlike other Chutney restaurants in the country(been to one in portland) they don't offer any chutnies at the dinner table as a complimentary.
I was excited to hear they are opening one in Tempe with the name chutney, but looks like it's an empty promise.

The food was amazing - the service was less desirable!
I will go back!

Just ordered a chicken manchurian from here.
Sorry to say but there was NO FLAVOR what so ever!!!
Stir frying Huge chunks of chicken in tomato sauce does not cut it!
Not to mention the portion size for the money you charge.
I absolutely love food and am more than willing to pay for the food and experience but this kind of food is not appreciable.
Extremely disappointed!

This little gem serves AMAZING lamb saag and butter masala.
It may take some time getting to you but it's well worth the wait.
I have yet to visit during the lunch buffet!

Love this Tempe gem.
Have been to this restaurant a number of times and have consistently been met with friendly and knowledgable staff who cater to your needs.
Key points include but are not limited to;   The Best naan I've ever had.
A number of fantastic veggie dishes.
Well priced drinks Healthy servings

Just had lunch at chutneys.
What a disappointment.
Unlike many Indian restaurants, chutneys ONLY offers a buffet at lunch time  (no food cooked to order).
We were looking forward to the dosas that are seen on the website.
The "dosas" served at the buffet were like thick doughy pancakes that were lukewarm.
The naan bread is cooked ahead and is kept warm on the buffet line, not hot and fresh.
The currys, paneer, and Dahl were not bad, but I'd rate them as average.
I showed the waitress a photo of the dosas from their website and she said they are available at dinnertime.
Considering what they called a dosa at their lunch buffet, I have my doubts that they can make one worth returning at dinner time for.

My review is based solely on their takeout.
I ordered the chicken vindaloo and an order of naan and was shocked at pickup when my bill was almost $18.
On top of that, when I got home I realized how small the portion size is.
I am used to having enough for 2 meals with one order and there is only enough for one.
The food, however, is delicious and I enjoyed it immensely although I probably would not try it again based on their prices.

Wow, finally found a clean, very good Indian restaurant in Tempe.
After being loyal to Delhi Palace and a few others that recently have gone down the drain in terms of service or quality of the food or, especially, cleanliness and decor.
I asked my Indian friends for recommendations and was given Chutney's info.
To Yelp I went.
My father has been all over the world and is very critical of Americanized ethnic food but I brought him here and he was SO happy!
We came for the lunch buffet, which was fantastic.
I wished there were more dishes out that were without dairy, but the few that were there were fantastic and I left full but not feeling like I'd just eaten a grease bomb.
Indian food can be very heavy and fatty, much of which I steer clear of now.
The Naan on the buffet was cold and should have been replenished quicker than it was, but all the other dishes were amazing, especially the lentil dahl and the carrot halwah dessert.
I will certainly return to this place.

great flavors.....lacking in quantity...maybe 1-2 oz or lamb on $14 dinner....

I have only had their saag / palak paneer one time but it has never tasted better!!!
I try this dish at every Indian joint and this is by far the BEST Indian meal I have ever had.
I wish I lived closer so I could eat it on a regular basis.

I had the creepiest dining experience I have had in a long time here the other night.
I had been once before (I can't believe I didn't review...) for the lunch buffet about a year or two ago and it was really good... there was a wide variety of food and all was tasty....anyway, flash forward to last week, I went for dinner with a friend.
We were one of two parties there and it was eerily quiet.
Our waitress was a bit odd, but nice enough... the food was expensive and they were trying to push drinks and appetizers and whatnot....I felt like they were a bit disappointed when we just shared one entree and some naan.
We got the chicken tikka masala, and it was good, but not as good as I had remembered it from the buffet.
About half way through the meal, we were the only people in the restaurant (at like 6:45), and it felt like the employees were all staring at us...they had nothing else to do, it was just an odd feeling.
I would consider going back for the lunch buffet, but don't think I would eat there for dinner again.

Best Indian food in Arizona.
I am a foodie and do cook at home, hence understand the intricate spices in Indian Food.
Buffets are the way to go.
You get a lot of options and try out food both vegetarian and Non Veg.
Slightly higher on the price scale but for the taste its acceptable.

Grossly overpriced buffet.
$11.95 plus tax per person on weekdays and I think $14.95 on weekends.
Compare that to a $8.99 buffet at the nearby India Oven on weekends and weekdays.
India Oven serves hot garlic naan on the table whereas Chutneys serves just plain naan and that too for self service.
They also did away with the Mango Lassi whereas India Oven still includes Mango Lassi in the buffet.
The 3 stars are for the good ambiance and good tasting curries.
It would have made more sense if the two places switched their prices.

The food is awesome!
People who like spicy food...
This is the place!
You should try the burning bullet naan..
It's burning hot!!!
Veg mushroom masala is so mouth watering.
Mushrooms cannot be be cooked so good than this.the quantity of the dishes look small but when you actually dig in there's a lot.
Should try this restaurant.
It's like the actual Indian food!!

I love indian food and vegetable korma is my favorite.
My husband and went in to try this place as the past restaurant in this location was not good at all.
The inside is totally redone and very pretty.
Service was quick, we choose the buffet which for two people was a bit steep over 35.00 for two people.
I enjoyed it and might return if I had a coupon or groupon but don't think I would pay full price.
The vegetable korma was very spicy which I didn't care much for.

Absolutely love this place!!!...
If your new to Indian food this place is awesome... i have had the manager just suprise me with new dishes...
The staff is courteous and the place is spotless It never dissapoints!

My first experience with Chutney's was a New Year's party with a friend of mine.
The food itself was very tasty and deligtful.
In fact, my wife an I returned on a first Friday to catch the live jazz.
However, let's get to the meat and potatoes of this review.
One of the things I enjoy eating is the naan bread.
Their naan is prepared in a tandoori oven which gives the bread an excellent consistency and flavor.
We have had different dishes each visit and they have been very consistent with presentation and taste.
A few months ago, I decided to bring my Toastmasters group in for their Chef's Table.
If you have not experienced this, you are missing a true treat.
This six course meal will leave you very satisfied and VERY full.
The Mullitgitawny soup was sublime with its delicate balance of flavors.
The show stopper was the garlic cauliflower.
To this date, I still run into Toastmasters who talk about how good this dish was.
The 65 chicken is also very tasty.
I have been relaying these raves back to Shilpa, the manager and she leaves with a smile on her face.
The main entrees of choice are very tasty and customers are given a choice of spicy or mild.
The desserts are pretty tasty as well.
Speaking of Shilpa, she is a delight to work with.
I worked very closely with her in setting this up.
She did everything promised and then some.
Any concerns I had were dealt with in a very professional and expedient manner.
But even if we don't do the chef's table often, we will still return because of the quality of the food and the excellent live jazz that leaves a good note with us.

I cannot overstate how amazing Chutneys is!
The food is delicious and the service is excellent.
I frequent this restaurant and cannot get enough of their food.
The quality is outstanding, the presentation is attractive, and the buffet items contain staple Indian dishes like butter chicken, tikki masala, and a variety of curries.
In addition to the staples, they rotate other dishes providing an excellent opportunity to experience new food.
I frequent Chutneys with a friend who spent two years living in multiple regions within India.
He has validated the authenticity of the food based on his experience.

While having my hair dyed in Yuma prior to going to visit family up in Queen Creek, the topic of Indian food came up, as my son and I make it a tradition to go for Indian food in every city that we visit.
My beautician told me that I absolutely have to go to Chutney's.
Even though it was slightly off course for our trip, we found it easily.
The place was beautifully decorated and relaxing with its soft lighting after our long journey.
The wait staff was extremely attentive and the owner walked around and chatted with us, making this that much more a wonderful experience.
Then came the food...we had samosas, garlic naan, lamb sag, basmati rice, and some other amazing dishes.
I am originally from NY and miss the high quality restaurants found there, but Chutney's delivered.
This will surely be a pitstop whenever we travel that way in the future.
And we begged them to open a restaurant in Yuma as well.

The quest for great Indian buffets in Phoenix continue.
This is an interesting one.
The weekend (Sunday) lunch buffet offered 3 cuisines with a limited selection in each.
The food was alright, but the ability to sample North Indian, South Indian, Mughlai and Pav Bhaji at the same time was great.
At around $13-$14, this is one of the pricier ones in Phoenix.
The food is alright but I wouldn't really call it value for money.
My favorite would have to be India Oven in Mesa that offers Mango Lassi (that I couldn't find anywherehere  even if it was offered) and a wider selection.

I don't get it why this place is so hyped.
The food is mediocre.
Long waits!
The most disappointing thing is whenever I go to lunch buffets, I have to wait for certain dishes to be replenished.
This is the 3rd time I went here and I haven't had their "Pakora's" yet (among other items) just because the dish was empty and it takes them hours to replenish it.
Too much color!
I don't know what's with the color, they put too much color in food.
Like the fish pakora or the grilled chicken.
To me it looks unhealthy!
And who puts color in "sooji ka halwa" !!
Curry Bowls: These are so tiny, I use TWO for the same dish!
I will not go back to this place again, there are other good restaurants I'd like to try out instead.

I have been quite a few times.
I like the ambience and it is spacious.
They have several varieties for buffet and desserts.
During my last visit, Ban bread was cold and not great tasting.
They brought in fresh Nan without asking, but it was little too late.
Chicken in the curry is not much.
They have drumsticks, but I like chicken with the curry for Nan.
Besides that, no complaints.
Service is great.
I will come back for sure, little early for buffet for good food.

Basically an "Indian" place run by white people.
Feels like it, anyway.
The food's expensive, the wait is long, and the food is okay, with portions that are way too small.
When I go Indian, I want nice cheap food that tastes awesome, with the understanding that it comes with awful service.
That being said, I can see people preferring a place like this over a more authentic experience.
If you want authentic, go next door to Little India.

This is the best Indian food I have eaten in a restaurant.
The service is over the top.
I went there in the middle of the week for lunch and a buffet was offered as well as the full menu.
The host took me through each and every dish in the buffet, to include the sauces, and what sauces were best for each entree.
The restaurant was clean and comfortable and the prices reasonable.
Because of the sign, I have always thought this was a Mexican restaurant, until my R man took me there last week.
I am so happy to have found this place and look forward to supporting their success by telling everyone I know about it.
Yum!

My family jokes that we had a 15 year committed relationship with our previous Indian food restaurant that ended once we found Chutney's.
Sometimes we come for the weekend buffet, which has a huge variety, love the chai and all the chutneys.
Other times we come for dinner.
Usually we get the dosa since I can't eat naan.
The dosa is amazing.
We came down one night when they had live music and wow, the guy turned out to be a top notch jazz musician from Seattle.
Other reviewers have written about the slowness of the service, but I think that people should recognize that Chutney is not a place for speed dining.
This is a place where one comes to relax, enjoy a leisurely meal, soak up the ambiance.
It's a great place for a date, or enjoy a night out with friends.
It's good for conversation.

Very bad service .. took them 20 minutes to tell us that they do not have ketchup .. the food is also horrible.
One of the worst Gobi Manchurian dish I have tasted.

