Fantastic groomer.
My 100 lb English lab Arthur loves the pampering he gets here.
They treat him like one of their own.
Great friendly service.

Amy and her staff are fantastic to their customers and their owners.
This is a locally owned business and that is another reason I take my Maltese to them.
I love supporting small business owners!

Just took my dog Izzy to Hair of the Dog and she loved it.
The business owner Amy is a true dog lover and her little store in front of the grooming station is so cute and full of fun little doggie accessories.
Izzy is a rescue dog so she needs extra TLC during her grooming and they were really gentle with her and put a cute bow on her collar at the end.
Everything went great and I was very happy with the service, pricing, grooming, and the products I purchased.
Highly recommend.
~  Kim

Amy and the staff at Hair of the Dog are AMAZING.
The prices are fantastic.
They take care of my yorkie Jerome like he's part of the family.
It is the only groomer anywhere he doesn't mind going to.
Thank you Hair of the Dog!!!!
And by the way, I don't know what you use but he smells amazing for weeks!!!!!!!!!

I take my 4 dogs to Hair of the Dog and will never go anywhere else.
Amy and her staff are top notch.
From the minute you walk in, you pick up a great vibe.
They truly love dogs.
My dogs are always well-groomed and happy at pick up.
I highly recommend Hair of the Dog.

I took my dog there recently for a summer shave down and she came out looking so much better than expected.
She is a bit scared of new places and people, but they reported back that she did good and she seemed to be pretty happy with her new do when I picked her up.
The price was great and I look forward to continuing to take her there in the future.

Great people, great grooming, great prices.
What else does one need?
My dog actually gets all excited to go here, and he comes back so cute and well done!
Amy's so sweet and obviously a dog lover.
Once or twice it seems that either this has been forgotten or maybe just wasn't finished - the ever so fun hair plucking from ears of a poodle - so i'll need to ask, but otherwise, the best.
And family owned!
I've already recommended them to others.

I was really disappointed with our experience at this place.
When I brought both of my dogs in to be groomed, I was very specific with what I wanted- even showed a picture, since it was our first time there.
I asked to not cut my first dog's ears, and to leave my toy poodle's hair long enough to be curly.
When my husband brought them home, I was so upset.
They had shaved from the nose up on my poodle, which was not even close to what I asked for.
Worst of all, they cut my other dogs ears at least a couple of inches and they were not even!
They were at least  1/2 off!
I was shocked!
I called immediately, and got a voicemail.
I was called back the following day without even a sorry, just "bring them in if you want me to fix it.
" Well, you can't grow their hair back, so I for sure did not bring them back in.
If you like your dog's hair cut a certain way, this is not the place for you.

You cannot beat the price or speed of Hair of the Dog.
This little local grooming shop does a good job and only charges $35 to groom my 15 pound Maltese/Jack Russell mix (prices go up based on the size of the dog).
Hair of the Dog also gets the job done in about 2 hours or so.
That's at least $10 cheaper and and and an hour and a half quicker than the big box pet store down the street from me.
The owner is really nice.
She always remembers my dog and me whenever I call for an appointment.
She's also been very accommodating on the days that I've called to see if she could squeeze him in at last minute.
The only real negatives are that Hair of the Dog is not open on Sundays or Mondays.
But it's a small business and people are definitely entitled to a day or two off each week.
There also have been a few times where I've gotten home and noticed that my dog's ear or tail fur were left ridiculously long (hard to tell in the shop when he's running and jumping all over the place, but I'll consider that my bad for not being observant enough when I picked him up.
Hair of the dog is a wonderful place to take your dog to.
I highly recommend supporting this local small business.

We are so happy with Hair of the Dog.
Rambo the terrier has never looked better.
For the same price as the ugly clipper job he got at PetSmart, his hair was hand stripped here.
Amy, the owner, is a pleasure.
Great job!

Such a cute little place

