I have been to this consignment store on two separate occasions.
Once to drop off items to consign and another to shop for a few unique pieces of clothing.
The store is not to big but not to small either.
The selection is good and the pricing is moderate for what they have to offer.
There is a nice selection of "better brand and designer type accessories and clothing.
I lucked out and found 2 brand new Lulu lemon yoga tops for $6.95 (SUPER CHEAP!!!!!
) and a new ralph lauren skirt for $16.95.
I am sure that I will return again to check out new selections.

I was hoping Dolce X Change would offer a shopping experience similar to My Sister's Closet since it is much closer to where I live, but I found the selection to be disappointing.
As I browsed through the racks, I saw tons of Forever 21, Old Navy, and Target duds.
I saw very little designer items save for one pair of Tory Burch flats.
The prices weren't all that great.
For example, a used Forever 21 dress was $9.
Brand new, it might be $25.
I would just rather buy the low-end stuff brand new and not have to deal with the "treasure hunt" aspect of consignment shopping.
Service was very friendly without being intrusive so I do appreciate that.

I went into this store since it is close to my home and I love resale stores.
I was so surprised at there selection and prices (comparable to goodwill)...I bought a new vera Bradley bag for $15 (if you know the brand they are very expensive)...also bought a couple of shirts...the front desk lady was very friendly and talked like you had known her for a long time...will definitely go back!!!!
I would recommend this store to anyone!!

VERY disappointed in there customer service.
The owner called me and said my items were ready to pick up and I had store credit.
Hour or so later I went in to pick up my items to find out that the owner had left without inputting the information into there "system", when the paperwork says how much my store credit is.
The co worker got ahold of her and said she will get to it tomorrow.
I have a baby, I'm not running around in this heat for her mistake.
She failed to make the situation right so I took all my items to URBAN EXCHANGE on valvista and Guadalupe.
They offered my twice as much and in CASH!!
I am a strong believer that word of mouth is the best advertisement and I will be certain to not send any of my girlfriends there!

Not recommended for consigning!
Owner is very sneaky!
On 2 occasions she donated all my clothes & purses without notification!
I am not happy!
I thought I would give them a 2nd chance but they did it again.
Not a good way to run a business!
I didn't even receive a contract!
Prices aren't even cheap there & you make near to nothing!
Workers are clueless and ditsy.
Very disappointed with my experience.
Would never go there again.

Terrible place!
Owner is sneaky and unfair!
Brought $300 worth of clothes to consign and got $34 total.
She said I was good and I assumed I didn't need to do anything further.
When I went to pick up my clothes she said I could not have them back although she had never made me sign a contract!
Hate this place!

I dropped off 3 items to consign with this business.
The contract to consign was for 3 months.
Two days before the contract was up I went in and was told that I had only one item had sold and the check would be for over $15.
The employee, which was not the owner, said that anything over $15 the owner had to be there to issue a check.
I told the employee OK and to have the owner call me to inform me when the check would be ready.
I never heard anything back from anyone at the store.
I since then have called at least 2 times and left a message requesting for a call back.
I finally received a phone call back today from the owner.
What horrible customer service!
She told me that it was my fault and that they don't give phone calls back and that the items that hadn't sold and the money I had earned have been sitting and waiting (8 days after I first went in).
And that since I wanted the other two items back there would be a $5 charge per item, so I had two items and some money, less then $10, to receive back.
She told me that they needed 24 hours to issue a check, so my check should have been waiting for a week.
I got so frustrated with her blaming me that I hung up the phone and called back so that I could get a word in, which when I called back she continued to blame me.
As I was telling her she could keep the money and items that hadn't sold, because I honestly don't want to deal with her and the horrible customer service, she hung up on me!
I have worked in a customer service positions before, and was always told by owners that its never the customers fault.
I even told her she should just say "I'm sorry ma'am, your items are ready for pick up" and she continued to blame me and never apologized.
I will never do business with them EVER again.

I am extremely disappointed.
I wanted to consign 1 item.
A coach purse my ex gave me.
I stopped in on a whim.
Owner was nice.
But she was eyeing my purse like it was candy.
I consigned it.
I've consigned other coach purses out if state and never ran into something like this before.
She told me she would call next day with a price.
No call.
I called 4 days later.. She put it at $65.
A month goes by.
No call.
I called 2 days ago.
Was hung up on and called back and got VM!
Left msg no response.
The owner stole my purse!!!
Bad business.
She took advantage of me.
I hope this place goes under.
She doesn't deserve to be a business owner and make a profit bc she steals.

