Outstanding Mexican Taco stand.

Outstanding Mexican Taco stand, only open nights.

If I could sit on an air conditioned couch with a beer and immediately enjoy my nachos, this place would be five stars but, alas, I have to wait to get home... therefore, only four.
But four grateful, guilty pleasure, love-filled stars!
$7 for a heaping, i-am-somewhat-ashamed-for-nearly-finishing-them-myslef-sized serving of SUPER nachos.
Movie theater style tortilla chips, doused in (what I like to call) "fake" cheese, carne asada, jalapenos, salsa, guacamole and sour cream... consuming them is an entirely unhealthy act of gluttony -- one in which we should all spoil ourselves and indulge on occasion!
They're only open Thursday - Sunday and mostly with late night hours:  Thu: 9:00 pm - 3:00 am  Fri - Sat: 9:00 pm - 4:30 am  Sun: 4:00 pm - 3:00 am

Oh wow I am super surprised this place only have a few reviews.
This place is always packed with a line from it being so popular.
CHARLIE"S TACO STAND!!
These are the BEST tacos I have had since I moved to Phoenix.
I dont know how to explain how great they are.
They meat is finely chopped up on top of a palm tree trunk which I am not sure if it give it a flavor to the meat but I think it does.
The menu is simple only chicken and carne asada tacos for $1 (super cheap) and the have burritos and a few other items but the tacos I believe are the best!!

I love Los Yaquis!!
Their carne asada tacos are simply the best in Phoenix!!
They are always packed!!
The tacos are super cheap too!!
They are open only from Thursday-Sunday!

The tacos at this place are little bundles of goodness that are damn near perfection.
To begin the carne asada has great flavor with a slightly charred and crispy exterior, but still manages to maintain some tenderness on the inside.
The cabbage, guacamole, and salsa are a necessary addition to this masterpiece of a taco.
And just when you think you have it all... bam!
Grilled onions complete one of the best tacos in Phoenix.
On top of it all, these bad boys are only $1 a piece.
Now on to the less glamorous side of Taqueria Los Yaquis, or the underbelly if you will.
The establishment is inconspicuously housed just west of 7th Ave on Camelback Rd under a tent with some plastic tables and sporadic misters outside of Charlies gay bar.
Here you will find some flaming fairies and hordes of legit Mexicans flocking in from all angles.
Once you reach your destination you can watch the cooks working tirelessly in a food truck (one of the cleanest I've seen) to prepare you meat-filled pockets of love.
God bless them.
There are two ordering lines: one is literally a hole-in-the-wall inside Charlie's and the other a general line outside which accommodates all.
This dual line and alternating order-taking results in ridiculously long waits of up to 20-30 minutes.
I prefer to go on Sunday afternoons when it gets real, and a lil' less... uh... gay.

Soooooo good!!
The wait was a little long but well worth it!!
2 tacos and a mini quesadillas for under 5 bucks...
I wish they would increase their hours though...

This place has the best tacos!
Given that it's set up outside of a bar, you would think it wasn't the best in the world, but they really are yummy.
It's actually set up much like a permanent food truck but they have ample picnic style seating.
This is the place to go if you want some post-clubbing snacks at a pretty reasonable price.
They even have an ordering window which is located in outside area in Charlies.

It took me a long time to try this place.
I do have to admit, I am not a big fan of food trucks.
In the back of my mind I wonder how sanitary they are.
Do they have adequate hand washing facilities?
One evening sometime ago I ignored my pre conceived ideas and gave them a shot.
The menu is small; tacos, nachos, burritos and I think maybe hotdogs and hamburgers.
What really caught my eye was the carne asada taco.
Maybe one of the best tacos I have tasted and only one dollar each.
Be warned these are on the spicy hot side and I don't usually like spicy hot.
The flavor really is terrific and I quickly forget that my mouth is on fire.

You can't imagine how delighted I am to find such a place in Arizona!
My friends and I have resorted to fast food late night meals after a night of going out and that's just depressing.
The truck is located right outside Charlie's gay bar on the corner of Camelback and Florence, right before you hit Florence.
You will see the sign for Charlie's first so just pull into their parking lot.
The club was bumpin that night so the lot was full but the taco stand had almost no line Sunday at 11pm.
Even though there were security guards by the club and my friend was a guy, I still felt a little nervous because there were definitely some shady looking people hanging out nearby.
So if you're a chick make sure to go with a group.
Don't let this deter you from going though, as we sat and ate there were plenty of groups coming by (couples, college kids, high school kids) so I felt more at ease.
As for the food, I was craving  a hot dog but I obviously wanted the tacos.
Solution= I got both (sorryimafatty).
Skip on the hot dog unless you're really craving it, its just a grilled ball park dog and I prefer mine all beef.
Came with a side of Doritos which I gave to my friend.
TACOS HOWEVER were delicious!
I got mine with all the toppings; the red sauce they put on there is spicy!
It burned but that roasted red chili pepper taste is so good.
I got the pollo and asada.. both were good but I definitely preferred the flavor of the asada more.
My friend got the Asada burrito and devoured it!
Burrito had the same toppings as the tacos: red sauce, guac, cabbage and onions.
Also ordered a Horchata which was meh: watered down, gritty, and not very sweet or cinnamon-y .
Prices are more than reasonable, service is very friendly and food is excellent!
They're only open Thursday to Sunday nights, I will for sure be back.
Maybe I'll check out the bar this time too ;)

Best Mexican food anywhere in Phoenix...period!

If I could give this place zero stars, I would.
This is by far the worst Mexican food I've ever had.
Firstly, the horchata is made from a mix.
As a result of this, it is chalky.
Secondly, the nachos have that fake nacho cheese and round yellow chips, not anything remotely authentic or Mexican.
The only okay thing was the meat.
This was more like a cheap meal you would get at a theater; completely overpriced and shitty.
I can see why it has late hours; only drunk people would classify this as a good meal.
Anyone who has been to a real, authentic Mexican restaurant should proceed with caution.

This is one of the other taco place that hits me right at home.
I mostly come here during the night time because its really one of the only taco places open late (please do not compare to Filibertos!!).
Menu is pretty simple chicken or carne asada, awesome prices too!
Also I love where they cook and cut the meat, it's like a food cart on steroids...HUGE and impressive.
Out late and around the area don't miss out on this place.

Some of the best tacos I've ever had.
I just wish they carried pico de gallo or red sauce.

The food is amazing, so the line is REALLY long.
Amazing prices, amazing food.
White corn tortillas make me happy.
The Asada taco and mini-quesadilla are both incredible.
Not sure why it took me so long to get over here...I live literally blocks away.

This is literally the best taco truck I've ever had!
I came to visit a friend in Phoenix and we went here after a night of fun at Charlie's.
Not only is the food amazing and full of flavor, but it's beyond reasonable.
Tacos are only a $1.00 and oI don't remember anything being over $7.00.
It was so good I went here twice during my visit to Phoenix.
I tried the carne asada tacos, super nachos with asada, mini quesadilla with chicken and another one with carne asada.
I think the quesadilla tastes best with asada.
If you love authentic Mexican food, you must try Taqueria Los Yaquis!

Wasn't blown away as suggested by some reviews, but pretty good tacos for the cheap price.
But they are not the best I've ever had and the service is very slow.
I didn't think the line was too long and was surprised to find myself still in line 15 minutes later.
Disappointed to see only carne asada or chicken choices.
The tacos were a great size for a late night snack.
I found the mini quesadillas to be too salty, although it did have a nice crisp.
The salsa roja had a nice spicy kick.
The horchata was too creamy and sweet.
I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
But if I were in the area and had the nighttime munchies, it'd be better than a 24 hr fast food joint.
Just be ok with waiting up to 45 minutes for some tacos.

Best street tacos in Phoenix!

Best carne asada tacos in AZ.
Ask for the carne asade mini quesadillas, They are not on the menu, but really really  good.

This is the best carne asada I have ever had!!
It is the embodiment of perfection when it comes to carne asada.
Get extra meat if you order a burrito, it's just a dollar more.
Or get a bunch of street tacos (they're $1!!).
The quesadilla (with carne asada of course) is out of this world.
The line is LONG on weekend nights, especially late.
I'm not sure what the hours are, I believe it is just late at night.
I have waited over an hour for this.
I have left (extremely disappointed) when I knew the wait would likely be quite a bit longer than that.
More than one person has told me that they don't particularly like carne asada in general, but this place is out of this world.
I'd give it more than 5 stars.

I agree with all the great reviews here These are, in my opinion, some of the best street food/food truck meals in Phoenix.
The carne asada tacos are legitimately scrumptious.
Everything on the menu is yummy but my top three are the tacos, burritos, and the super mega nachos!
There is always a line for food whether you are inside of Charlie's or outside on the eating area.
They take cash and credit.
Check it out

Hands down, the best Mexican street food EVER!!
Run by the nicest, sweetest people.
Best carne asada tacos I've ever had.
Blow's Americas taco shop out of the water.
(Sorry America, your food is still good) impeccable service, get there early though.
Lines are long and can take a while since only one order taker for the line outside and the drunks inside Charlie's.

Coming from Los Angeles, I am pretty up to speed on good Mexican food.
After a night out at Charlies, we discovered this place that is basically attached to the bar (which is an awesome concept).
Originally, I did not order anything because I was not that hungry, but after having a bite of my friends chicken burrito, I immediately changed my mind.
Normally, burritos that you get from food trucks are a lot of beans and rice with some chunks of chicken mixed in.
However, the burritos from this place are around 95% meat, which provides for a very filling and tasty meal.
Overall, I was very shocked at the great seasoning and flavorful taste of the food here and would definitely recommend it, drunk or otherwise.

4.5 stars?
That's ridiculous.
This place deserves 5 solid stars.
Period.
Don't argue with me.
A friend of mine introduced me to this place about 3 or 4 months ago and I have since gone back an embarrassingly amount of times.
Actually, fuck that.
I'm not embarrassed, it's tasty as HAIL.
Hands down, the best street tacos in AZ.
Not even joking.
Every single person I introduce to this place becomes just as obsessed as I do.
I go about every other week at this point on Thursday or Sunday.
I honestly do not order anything other than the $1 tacos.
I have no doubt their other items are really amazing as well, but I have no desire to cram anything into my mouth other than those sweet, sweet tacos.
I usually order a mix of carne asada, pollo and "vegetarian" tacos, which is just black beans.
I have never once been disappointed.
They do have weird hours and are located next to Charlie's, so if you go here during peak hours (i.e., when the club lets out at 2am), you'll will be faced with a very large line.
Things can get a little slow when it's busy.
But hey, these people are creating ART.
So you shut your pie hole and wait in line.
The lovely lady who runs the register is extremely sweet and is a damn pro at dealing with the drunk fashionable men and random hobos who stroll in off the street looking for a handout.
But really, you haven't had a legit taco in AZ unless you've been here.
America's Taco Shop?
Nah.
Gallo Blanco?
Puh-leez.
Dig the loose change out of the bottom of your purse/car cup holder and hit this place up for a taco or 5.

Always outstanding good quality Mexican food, don't miss this food truck, you can get off the lite rail at 7th Ave and walk across the street.
South side of Camelback, if you like Mexican food in LA please go there and leave us alone.
LA Mexican really sucks compared to this.

This taqueria serves up some of the best street tacos ever, and definitely in town.
Stopped here over the weekend with some friends who had been before.
The prices most definitely can't be beat; I got 2 tacos, a mini carne asada quesadilla and water for $5.
The carne asada was flavorful and the toppings just added to the flavors.
The location makes for some great people watching and the workers are friendly.
If you're in the area it's a definite must-stop for some yummy Mexican favorites.

BEST carne asada tacos in AZ!!!
Being Hispanic and growing up w/ good Mexican food, I have yet to find a spot that serves up carne asada better than this!
The menu is inexpensive and TOTALLY worth it!

Tacos are ok there tortillas Are small and a  little crunchy...better then other Mexican fast food joints around here...
Still not the same as street tacos in Mexico..
Hamburger is not so great rather get a Mcdouble...

This is my 2nd time here and both times I was not disappointed.
Get there early because the lines do get long but it's worth the wait.
I got the carne asada tacos and mini quesedillas, total of 4 tacos and 2 minis at 8.00 is a great price.
This fed both javier and I.
They are not skimpy with the meat and it has lots of flavor.
The red salsa also has a good kick to it.
I will continue to go back.

Just got home from my 3rd time at this place.
I ordered...  Quesadilla..
Cheese is not melted all the way and the bag had no hot sauce, nor was I offered any.
Asada burrito.. Meat was cooked, then stored in the fridge, then taken out and put in a tortilla.
The drive home was less 3 minutes and no way does meat cool to fridge temp, wrapped in a tortilla, wrapped in foil, and bagged, this fast.
What I don't understand is why this took 10 minutes and what the hell were they doing with the grill?
If hind sight was 20/20 I would have gone elsewhere..

Fantastic place for delectable late night tacos, etc.
No other Phoenix Mexican food truck comes close!

This is hands down the best late night eat in Phoenix.
There will be a little wait, and your eating outside.
But done despair, this is the BEST carne asada you've ever had.
It's a late night tradition, I think, to gorge yourself on their food on Friday and Saturday nights.
And if your not...
Your loss.

good food late night

Best carne asada tacos around!!
And what makes them even better is the fact that they are only $1!

PHOENIX HIDDEN GEM!!!!
Cant beat the $1 tacos and the late night hours!
I'm so glad so many of my friends told me to go!
Park at Charlie's.

Best tacos in Phoenix!
No other taco place in Phoenix comes even close to the great tacos they serve here.
The wait is long but well worth it.
If you want the best tacos, then this is the spot.

Sketched me out at first until I realized what it was next to and why everyone in line was dancing, but MOST AMAZING $1 TACOS I HAVE EVER TASTED.
Especially the carne asada.
Go.
The owners deserve your money!

The best!!
!this place never disapoints.
Whenever I go, i fell in love all over again.
Even when there is a long, long line, its on.... One line i never mind being part of!
Gracias Yaquis for being amazing!

Authentic Mexican tacos (I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur) ... and you can't beat the prices.
Right outside of Charlies Night Club, off the light rail with easy access.
Yum, yum, yummy.

Good bang for your buck.
One dollar tacos?
Are you kidding me?!
Well, they are pretty small.
Still, order 5 and pay $5, and leave full.
Not so bad.
I'd heard good things about this stand behind Charlie's, and finally got around to being in the area during their limited business hours.
I tried some of the carne asada tacos, some of the pollo tacos.
Both were delicious.
I also ordered their horchata.
Also good.
This is by no means, a fancy place to take a date, but the food is very good, and you'll feel better about giving this small business your money than it's competitors, namely Taco Bell and Del Taco.

The other night was wonderful!
I met her in the city after cocktails with friends.
I was blindsided...I had no idea she would just randomly come into my life like that, but it happened.
She's on the petite side, and puts herself together a little nicer than most girls around that part of town.
The moment we connected though, I knew she was far from hollow.
In fact, she was one of the most down-to-earth, simple, yet complex, ladies I've met in a long time who is filled to the brim with good things, and she's not the type of lady just looking for your money.
When we kissed, time stopped, and in that moment I knew true bliss...and needed a napkin.
She's a mini quesadilla, and for $2, she's more than worth venturing to Yaquis, one of Phoenix's legit late-night grub spots, for.
I always used to get the tacos, but this time I went with a gut feeling, and it paid off!
No longer will I be held down by my self-bestowed shackles!
No longer will I preach that the tacos are king, and that they're the only food that matters at Yaquis!
For the sky opened up, and a divine thing occurred that beautiful night...I know now what I must do.
I must shout it from the mountaintop!
THE!
MINI!
QUESADILLAS!
ARE!
DELICIOUS!
So go already.

Best street tacos I have had in a long time I am there probably 2-3 times a month now lol

Best late night Mexican food in Phoenix.
Seems to mainly be family owned.
Very eclectic mix for quality people watching as well.
$1 tacos are great - men will need at least 4 but they are delicate & insanely delicious.
Burritos only $4.
The price & taste are unrivaled.

Very good asada tacos which is not easy to find in Phoenix.
Both quesadillas are also very good, the mini and the full-size.
It's only a four star because of the limited menu choices.
The pricing is about as cheap as your going to find.
This place delivers excellent flavor and a good price point.
The service is quick and helpful.
The employees make you feel welcome and at home even though it's outdoors.
If you are craving Mexico style street tacos this is about as close as you're going to get in the Phoenix area.
If anybody knows a better taco stand please let me know.

Best food!
I want to eat there Thursday-Sunday!
Love this place!!!!!
The burrito is delicious!
Park at Charlie's next store.

