The doctor office was clean.
I did have to wait awhile but that's urgent care right.

Well you all know I'm spoiled rotten to the core.
So I will only come where I can get the best care ever.
And when they take my blood they give me a cartoon band-aid.
The medical staff are sweet, kind, as well as caring...and I will come here only because they provide the best care ever.

Love this place!
I have always had a great experience here.
Everyone is friendly.
You don't have to wait forever to see the doctor.
Prices are affordable.
Doctors are knowledgable.
Place is clean.
I recommend it.

The system they have is outdated and need something tangible to scan into their system; they don't input information.
They refused me because I didn't have my medical cards because I'm waiting for them in the mail.
I had all the information they needed that would be on my medical card; I even had a customer service lady confirm that I did have insurance, but because I don't have a piece of paper I can't see a doctor!
The medical assistant wasn't helpful and was rude.
Just because you haven't heard of Coventry Health Care doesn't mean that I'm lying to you.

I absolutely love this place!
Went on a trip to Vegas and got sick the first day there and spent the first night miserable and alone in the hotel room while my friends were out partying.
I tried to call a bunch of different clinics and doctors offices but they were either booked for the week or did not accept my insurance since it's an HMO.
Thankfully a friend helped me find this clinic and I was able to walk in that day.
Had to wait about an hour to be seen once I got there, which is not bad for a walk in, and I was able to get antibiotics and meds right away.
I was up and feeling better in a few days and able to enjoy the rest of my vacation.

Beware of this facility.
I don't normally write reviews, but I felt it was important to write one this time so others can avoid what I went through.
In short, I was misdiagnosed by Dr. Kyle.
He then prescribed medication to me that actually made my condition worsen.
I had to seek treatment from another doctor at another facility to clear up the issue.
Dr. Kyle seems unqualified to me, and I don't make this statement lightly.
I asked him three times if he would check the results of my test and all three times he flatly refused to do so saying "Tell me your symptoms.
I can determine from there.
" I trusted him, which is something I wished I hadn't done, and I ended up worse off than when I'd walked through the door.
When I explained the issue to the office manager, Traci, she said they would still be billing me and my insurance.
In my opinion, Dr. Kyle and this facility offers dangerously poor medical care.

Beware of this doctor.
I don't normally write reviews, but I felt it was important to write one this time so others can avoid what I went through.
In short, I was misdiagnosed by Dr. Kyle.
He then prescribed medication to me that actually made my condition worsen.
I had to seek treatment from another doctor at another facility to clear up the issue.
Dr. Kyle seems unqualified to me, and I don't make this statement lightly.
I asked him three times if he would check the results of my test and all three times he flatly refused to do so saying "Tell me your symptoms.
I can determine from there.
" I trusted him, which is something I wished I hadn't done, and I ended up worse off than when I'd walked through the door.
He is still billing me, even though I explained to him the issues I faced.
In my opinion, Dr. Kyle offers dangerously poor medical care.

We have been here twice.
The office is clean and the staff is very courteous.
Both doctors were very nice.
Much better experience than the typical urgent care.

I go to this urgent care because it is THE ONLY place you can go to see an actual doctor - not  a PA, not a NP, but an actual doctor.
Hope they don't sell out, go cheap and change that.
Great service.
Dr. Ramsey is my favorite, but both docs are great!

I was looking for a new urgent care as the one by Lowe's is just never clean, and although I really like Brian, the rest of their staff sucks.
I went here for help getting rid of a nagging cough.
I was pleasantly surprised with how clean the waiting room was.
They have a TV but they keep the volume very low - also appreciated.
And its carpeted - not sure if that's a wise choice sanitary-wise but it looked very clean and helped keep the waiting room quiet.
There were a few people ahead of me but my wait time was only about 40 mins.
I found the receptionist and the girl who took my vitals to be pleasant.
I saw Dr. Kyle (diagnosis: sinusitis) and have to admit I didn't love him.
He asked me questions but I didn't feel like he actually listened to my answers.
I left with a few Rx's including an antibiotic and codeine.
Less than 24 hours later I was vomiting.
I only took half doses of what he prescribed and still ended up violently ill.
If I had taken full doses I probably would have ended up in the ER.
I went back again a few days later because they told me to stop with the meds and obviously I wasn't getting better without them.
The second doctor, Dr. Ramsey (diagnosis: upper respiratory infection), was really nice and actually had a conversation with me about what had been going on.
He wrote me a different set of Rx's and off I went.
Unfortunately Dr. Kyle only gave me an Rx for 5 steroids (1 per day) which wasn't nearly enough.
When I tried to get the additional amount Dr. Ramsey prescribed my insurance refused because it had only been 2 days since the last time it was filled.
So here I am a month later and I still have a mild cough.
When all is said and done I would go back to Dr. Ramsey but not Dr. Kyle.

Quickest quick care ever.
Dr Kyle was very nice.
The place was very clean and not busy at all.

Yesterday late afternoon I had to make a visit to their clinic.
It took less than 10 min to be seen.
I was extremely surprised by Dr Ramsey..
He was the most informative Dr.
I have seen in the last 30 years, an I have seen many..
I have no insurance at this point an he was able to inform me of a list of sites to go to for my more than ridiculous expensive prescriptions for (almost) at cost  ..
He spent time to explain all of the prescriptions and then some.
DR KEVIN RAMSEY IS THE BEST  !!

Extremely friendly & helpful staff.
Very clean facility.
Unfortunately they could not treat me because I was in need of an ultra sound and they are limited with that type of medical equipment.
What did impress me was that they were very nice in directing me were I could go for the treatment I required.
If you need basic medical treatment, I strongly recommend this Urgent care.

