Hope Baptist just opened their new permanent location this month.
The new facility as amazing.
We hope that the kids building is open today so we can see what's going on there as well.
The kids area is supposed to be designed for each age level to learn and grow in the Lord in an environment that is perfect for their level.
Senior Pastor Vance is a lot of fun to listen to and the worship is better than ever.
We went to their old location a couple of times but stopped going since I worked.
Now I'm off on Sundays and am so excited for my family to be a part of this church once again!

Great services.
.Pastor Vance is amazing.
Very funny and keeps your attention to the word.
The worship ministry is huge, you can really feel the presence of the Lord during worship and see everyones real love for God.

I walked into Silverado High School to attend Hope Church 3 years ago and ran dead smack into the Spirit of the Living God.
3 years later He still meets me and envelopes me every Sunday I am there!
I haven't come down at all...if anything I've come up higher in Christ and closer to Him than ever before.
I was intimately involved with Jesus for more than 10years when I became a member at Hope.
However since then, with the teaching from our Pastors about relationship with God, relationship with other believers and relationship with others around me...I have significantly gone through a relationship transformation!
I see the love that God has for me and for others in a much different light than I did before.
I thought the fruit was the work (ministry) I did for Him.
Now I know better...it's about intimacy with God and out of the intimacy of my relationship with Jesus, ministry will flow!
That was one of the first things I heard Pastor Vance Pitman say and I pretty much haven't been the same since!
What I really love about my church family is that when I think about Hope, Pastor Vance, nor any of the other Pastors come to mind because its not about one man, or any man!
When I think of Hope I think about God Almighty and His family - my brothers and sisters!
...and the Worship!
Oh my Baby Jesus...LOVE me some J. Teddy Johnson, Hannah Pitman, David Rogers, Micah Ogle and the whole lot of those most incredible and talented worshippers and leaders!
Yes, I am a part of the choir and my choir family fills my heart to the brim...but I promise I can be honest.
Here's honesty...  Oh we got stuff!
We got lots of stuff going on because we are human beings with stuff going on and if you can't bring your stuff to church, where Jesus is at and where you can lay it down and be healed, and then connect with others who accept you as you are...then what would be the point?
Thank you Hope family for changing my life!!
Please come by and visit!
You won't be sorry and you will absolutely meet JESUS!

This church is literally a SPRING IN THE DESERT.
Every week I hear life changing word that I can apply to my everyday life.
In a society that is plagued with 'celebrity' preachers, this is ONE church where you will NOT  find rock star pastors with an entourage.
Jesus is the only celebrity there.
Woo Hoo!!
This church is multi cultural and multi generational.
Everyone fits in!
It's awesome!

Hope Church has been my home since I arrived in Vegas in September of 2010.
Even before moving into our permanent home on Cactus Avenue, the environment was warm and welcoming.
Hope Church is a family of servants; servants of Christ.
The staff leads by example, by loving both believers and non-believers.
The Pastors are not ashamed to preach the truth in Gospel.
If you're looking for another place to walk you through self-help-magic tricks, you'll find yourself leaving with something else, and that's the knowledge of having been in the presence of God and His people.
I appreciate learning from the pastoral team, and enjoy serving with the choir.
This house of worship earns 5 stars from me.
I don't want to imagine walking another day on this planet without the brothers and sisters I found at Hope.

