Finding monthly apartments in Vegas is nearly impossible.
I dedicated a month of researching complexes for short-term leases, looking into extended stay hotels, and vacation rentals (which aren't available whenever you need them!
) - this was the most reliable company I found and it stands alone for a reason!
- True monthly leases (you will find that complexes will triple the monthly rent for short-term, plus you have to pay all of the housing, security, cleaning fees which makes it extremely expensive)  - A good deal (TV, Internet, Utilities, All included.
Also has towels, bath mats, dish detergent, pots / pans, coffee maker, microwave, everything - unlike some corporate apartments that require you to buy your own except for furniture)  - Great locations (The 1BR I rented was literally a 10 min walk to the strip, 2 min walk to the Rio, 5 min walk to Palms Place.
They also have tons of places in Henderson and the valley - you can see photo galleries of them all online and check availability by unit which is really useful.
)  - Attentive landlord (My AC was dripping water and I had an appointment the next day with a maintenance man.
Sam's assistant was also extremely friendly and both were readily available).
Sam was available by phone, email, text the entire summer I stayed and worked to adjust my stay several times when i needed an early move and later check out..
He is also a licensed Realtor which definitely adds some credibility in the Vegas market.
- Security patrols the complex constantly in golf carts and there is a sign-in booth for all visitors  (but no gate)  - Cute furnishing and pictures online were accurate to reality (rare for apartments, and a big relief for me since I didn't have a chance to visit before signing the lease)  I think this apartment would be great for WSOP players who don't want to rent cars and need a short-term furnished place, traveling consultants like myself, or anyone looking for a place to stay at 30 day minimum.
Highly recommend!!
Enjoy Vegas!

Really classy!
My wife and I went to Vegas for an expo for our business an didn't want to shell out a ton of cash for a hotel (we weren't there for the slots hehe).
So glad we found 702, basically gorgeous luxury condos, ready to go.
Very close to everything but still able to get work done.
Would recommend to anyone taking an extended business trip to sin city!

I can't say enough good things about Sam and Lisa and the class act they have going on at 702 Housing.
I would STRONGLY recommend both the facility and the property management to anyone needing a short to medium stay in Las Vegas.

Amazing service, awesome properties, and an excellent check-in/check-out system make 702 Housing an excellent resource for anyone in need of temporary, furnished housing.
Whether you are relocating (like myself) or in town for a duration (like most of my trade show clients), 702  offers a great option to those seeking to live outside the suitcase lifestyle.
Adam was awesome.
When I found my permanent housing solution 3 weeks prior to my scheduled end lease date, he hustled to find a tenant, and delivered.
Not only did I get my full deposit back, but I also received a check for the the unused days (once the new tenant moved in).
Classy.
I will use 702 Housing for all my employees relocating to, or visiting, Las Vegas, and I highly recommend their services to anyone in need of a "home" while staying in Las Vegas.

