This place is pretty big on the internet, so being in the Phoenix area I figured it was a must stop.
It was a little difficult to find as I initially passed it, and had to make my way back to it through the parking lot of the mall.
I guess when you see these places on the internet with tons, upon tons of accessories and parts you naturally assume that their brick and mortar would essentially be the same and would resemble a Walmart of nothing but GLOCK stuff.
Unfortunately, that is not the case.
There's a small show room maybe 20x20 with half dozen or so rifles, and a good number of GLOCKs (Gen3s, 4s, and even the FDEs).
I was the only one in there, but after all it was a Friday afternoon.
The two employees were very friendly and more than willing to help.
They didn't have very many accessories that I could see, but that had some pretty good apparel, and I picked up a T-Shirt that was pretty classic.
All in all it's not something I would drive across the state for, but if you're in the area, or maybe even 20 minutes away and are looking to fondle some toys or pick up a replacement part, give this place a stop.

Go and see for your self.
Everthing you need and want for your Glock and your self.

Its simple, the demand for Glocks right now make them harder to find.
I have been looking for a Gen 4 Model 27 and most on Backpage were overpriced.
I picked one up here in stock (had both gen 3 and 4) and the prices were awesome.
I paid $550 for the gen 4 and the gen 3 was only $499 brand new.
They have tons of options that they can upgrade while onsite.
I upgraded the trigger for another $30 (cheap!
)  I bought a few boxes of ammo, some extra magazine pinky extensions, an extra magazine and almost a hat too.
They have tons of stuff Glock, pretty cool little place with good service.
Not much else to say except go here first if you are looking for a Glock.

This is a small Glock specialty store, but they also sell a small selection of other firearms.
Great service and prices are reasonable.
I went to purchase night sights for my Glock 21.
Installed free while I waited, took about 10 minutes.
Will definitely come here first for any future Glock related purchases.

