Having recently opened on the premises of the late lamented Seadogs, The Rosehip is ploughing a different furrow from its predecessor.
With more of a pubby feel, they offered much cheapness at lunchtime, with main course menu options (steak pie, fish and chips, spag bol, kedgeree) from £3.50.
Overall, we said: "my advice would be to approach the Rosehip with an open mind, and don't go with the "will it be as good as Seadogs?
" idea in your head.
The bottom line is that it isn't, but equally I don't think it's trying to be.
£3.50 for a decent plate of comfort food, slap-bang in the city centre is a very tempting lunchtime offer.
So next time you're passing, and you're feeling pangs of hunger, pop in to the Rosehip and sample the reasonably priced grub, and see how you find it.

I've had many pies around the world and the one I had here exceeded my expectations.
It was a little different to what I expected, it came with the pastry separate to the steak filling as a light, delicious, flaky pile of heaven.
The steak was cooked perfectly in a juicy ale sauce and my boyfriend had major food envy.
The coffee was just average I would go to Artisan Roast in New Town for that but we'll be back for another pie.

Two stars is probbly a bit harsh, but while my experience at Rosehip wasn't awful, it definitely wasn't "A-OK".
On a particularly rainy weekday afternoon spent running back and forth around Rose St, running errands, we needed food.
I liked Seadogs but knew that it had been replaced and just fancied somewhere to take a seat and get a sandwich.
We were greeted by very friendly staff and a reasonably empty restaurant but then told (by a very new member of staff) to just go get a waiter when we were ready to order.
After that, said new member of staff stood behind the bar chatting with someone and not paying attention to me trying to catch his eye.
I had to go to him to let him know we were ready to order but was then ushered back to my table to place my order formally... it was all a bit odd but it could very well have been down to the inexperience of the member of staff.
The lunch deals were pretty reasonably priced and my soup and a sandwich was, I believe £5.99 while The Man's fish and chips were £7.99.
I ordered the broccoli and brie soup which was pretty bland and uninteresting, as well as the roast beef sandwich.
When I eat in a resturant which has a menu that goes on about only using fresh local products, I do NOT expect to find plain old lunch meat in my sandwich.
Sure it was roast beef, but it was grey, reconstituted roast beef.
The Man's fish and chips were tiny and served with canned mushy peas - you know the type, unnaturally green and mostly just paste.
Another bit of "fresh, local produce" I see.
So all in all, while it wasn't a wallet buster, we left wishing that we had just gotten sandwiches from Greggs at a fraction of the price.
Yeah, that's right, a sandwich from Greggs would have been not just cheaper, but also tastier.

Surrounded by hideous tourist trap syndicated pubs on a main drag shopping alley, it'd be easy to expect precious little from Rosehip, but it dished up what proved to be one of THE best example of a Steak and Ale pie in this town.
Cheap AND amazing, we're talking the most luscious beef and beer stew on a bed of perfectly chunky/creamy mash topped with a pillow of puff pastry.
Forget the awful, reheated, hideous pub rubbish of 'traditional' fake pubs, give Rosehip a burl at lunchtime and you might just have an epiphany.

I am really surprised that the other reviews for the Rosehip aren't as glowing as I expected!
Tonight we went to the Rosehip and it was good we had made reservations since the place was busy but not overcrowded by the time we arrived at 8pm.
We were greeted with a friendly welcome and, when we requested not to sit by the cold door and entryway, we were led to a fantastic table by a window in the nicer back of the restaurant.
We both had the steak main with grilled portobello mushroom, grilled tomato, onion rings, hand-cut chips and a fantastic fresh peppercorn sauce.
I am not usually a big steak person and am also not a big sauce person.
However, this meal was fantastically done!
The steak was cooked well and was of really good quality, and this sauce was just amazing and I've never had anything quite like it.
Actually, I don't think I've ever had fresh, green peppercorn that hasn't been dried first, and this sauce perfectly complemented the meal.
I also had a great coconut porter that was delicious and fun to try.
The Rosehip has a great whisky selection of over 200 types, so we'll have to come back for some sampling next time.
The menu was great with a starter of mussels for £6 and salmon as a main for £10, and steaks for £16 or £21 depending on the size.
I felt the menu had enough good choices and also tempted me with too many good options so I'll have to come back again.
The ambiance was nice and the decorations on the wall with vintage Edinburgh railroad memorabilia was fun and a nice touch.
The service was good and also surprisingly quick.
I enjoyed it here!

From whisky to food Fresh, local, made to order Simple British flair

I expected more of the Rosehip..
Hence only 2 stars.
It was a cold Thursday night, I had a long day behind me and what I was looking for now was a nice dinner out.
My husband and I had bought a itison voucher for a steak meal at Rosehip some time ago and decided to make use of it finally.
After arriving at the restaurant, we got a table in the upstairs area.
Ordered 2 glasses of wine and they bought over a bottle.. No big deal, it was rectified swiftly.
My husband ordered a brie starter: 3 smallish triangles of fried brie which came with sweet chili sauce and salad.
It was delicious, and just the right amount for a starter.
A while later, our main courses arrived.
The deal was for a 8oz sirloin steak served with grilled tomato, onion rings, hand cut chips and garlic butter.
Instead of chips we got potato wedges - again not a big issue but I'm more a chips/fries kind of girl.
Especially if they are 'shoestring fries' :) The onion rings were lovely, and I ate them quickly before they went cold.
The steak itself was quite nicely cooked, but it had quite a few fatty bits which I had to discard.
It didn't have as much flavour, but the accompanying peppercorn sauce was nice - it wasn't too strong or peppery.
There was no garlic butter, but to be honest I didn't need it anyway.
It was time to pay..
They brought over the bill and we noticed that they had charged for a full bottle of wine instead of 2 glasses.
They apologised and brought over the right amount of change.
The waiting staff were all very friendly and that was the positive thing about Rosehip.
Food wasn't quite up to my liking but perhaps I've been spoiled by Kyloe when it comes to steaks.

This visit was because we had a Voucher for 2 people for a 8oz sirloin steak, fries and vegetables and peppercorn sauce.
The Rosehip is a bright place with a clean minimalistic rustic farmer's home feel to it.
Mismatched chairs, around mismatched bare wooden tables.
Spartan table settings, on the tables you have no cloth.
On entering we noticed that we brought in a lot of cold air and guests at a table near the entrance asked to be moved to a warmer spot, which was promptly done.
On returning from that just moved table guests - the waitress offered us that exact table.
We declined politely.
So we were seated on the upper level  We ordered 2 large glasses of red wine and a breaded brie starter to share.
We ordered our steaks Medium-Rare.
The wine came and it was an bottle, we explained the actual order and that was corrected.
The brie was very tasty and big enough to share, very nice dressing on the side salad too.
The steak were server with skinned potato wedges (not fries) and noticeably varied in temperature.
The Sirloin steak was a flat char-coaled griddle with grizzle bits.
It was done medium (but with the lack of thickness it was not surprising) - I was disappointed with the taste - even though the sauce was tasty the steak itself wasn't what I am used to these days.. - thanks to  "Kyloe" &  "STEAK.
" my standards have creeped up..- But even without those amended standards I would have found to be of low quality.
The onion rings were very good, but the mushroom and tomato-half was meh..
In all it was a pub meal, and if served in a pub I would have found it fitting and may have given it an extra star.
The men's toilets were 3 flights down right beside the kitchen.
They were clean but oddly located, as on entering I was able to look into the kitchen.
The bill stated a full bottle of wine - which again we had to ask to be amended.
I have had better experiences, not a place I go back to in a hurry.

Yes, the old site of Seadogs, with two dogs still standing watch near the stairs.. how I miss your mushy peas goodness... anyhow..  Rosehip - Good, honest food.
Had an itison voucher for a couple of steaks and they came out perfectly cooked (one rare, one medium rare).
The menu seemed more pub grub than anything else however no complains whatsoever.
Nice to note the wedges were actually hand made rather than some -  Service was attentive yet not imposing.

Visited the Rosehip on Sunday night for dinner.
The place seemed relatively quiet when we arrived, we were sat by the window (to encourage passers by to enter).
Thankfully the heating was on full blast so this area was very cosy, however as the evening progressed it got busier and the new people were sat at the tables near us.
This would normally be fine, but we felt the tables were pretty close together, now in a confined space and it felt like everyone could listen in to each others conversation.
Became a little to cosy for my liking, especially since there was a large restaurant up the stairs at the back only half full.
We ordered burgers.
They arrived with nice big homemade wedges, coleslaw and the chicken burgers were big and all very filling.
All yummy but the white burger buns were a bit cheap tasting.
A seeded roll or more sturdy roll would have been better, the burger fell away from the hands and it was a bit messy.
Personally prefer the Sea Dogs restaurant, who used to be sited here - gutted it closed!
Rosehip is trying and to gastro pub and restaurant dining, but I think they should stick to one or the other.

Great lunch.
I had the Cullen skink and ham sandwich.
Both were excellent.
I would highly recommend this for lunch.

We were seated quickly in the upstairs area.
The staff were friendly and gave us a table despite not having booked.
The waiter then disappeared and forgot to take our order until we had to catch another waitress to take our drinks and food order.
About 10 minutes later only half our drink order arrived and still no food.
We had to catch the waitress again to find the missing drinks and still no sign of food, so we just settled the bill and left.
The service was slow and the staff seemed to forget quickly which tables they were serving.
That being said the cocktails we ordered were tasty and well made...
When they eventually arrived!
But we did leave hungry.
3/5

