"The United States Constitution and the Arizona State Constitution guarantee the right to trial by jury.
All Maricopa County residents are obligated by state law to serve as a juror unless they are under the age of 18, not a citizen, do not possess sufficient knowledge of the English language, and/or have been convicted of a felony and their civil rights have not been restored...."     -  Jury Services Home Page, SCAZMC  You may be asking, "Why in the world would this guy give THIS place five stars.
"  I can ask myself the same questions.
I've found myself standing before judges, for judgment at least twice, been called dumb (rightly so in that instance) by The State (DPS officer in another state), etc.
I've been called for jury duty several times in two states.
Every time I get into the process I am grateful to live in a place on earth where a person or people accused of violating The State's rules of Civil behavior can be judged guilty or innocent by a group of people, guided by a Judge; not by a king, duke or prince, a dictator, angry mob, or a general who might bill my family for the bullet.
Jury duty is a place We the People can feel and see our system of governance working.
A way of sitting in on the creation of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution.
So's voting.
You can be sure you register to vote here too.
That's the shining ideal.
I respect and love it.
We know when the idea is exercised shining ideals get tarnished.
That's the nature of humans, power and justice at this point in history.
Generally speaking, the legal system of this nation works.
Over recent past decades its begun working better for every American.
'  For me the juror, the most amazing thing about the Superior Court of Arizona in Maricopa County is the new building.
During past calls to jury duty, I've sat hours in dingey brown rooms with uncomfortable, worn out, or both seating.
When you arrive for jury duty here it is state of the art in a well designed setting.
You're checked in through a computer kiosk, issued a badge via printer and can walk to either a large break or group seating area.
The break room's got a few tables set up for laptop or tablet workstations.
There's a coffee service and small cinnamon rolls.
There are several large flat panels throughout the area with some kind of media playing.
The main waiting hall has comfy seating, and again, a medley of monitors.
These monitors have different content.
They run a series of informational programs explaining the judicial system, the individual's role as a juror, and display information for people called to various jury panels.
Another video details Arizona's exemplary system of selecting judges and assuring they are fit for duty.
If you choose, you can watch them before you come in for jury duty.
They play from the Jury Services Home Page.
Jury duty may seem like a pain.
But if you're going to be part of the legal process and called to duty, there's no better place to serve in the 21st century than at the Superior Court of Arizona in Maricopa County.
I expect there may be flames from this post....

The building serves the purpose, however I'm still not crazy about taking off my belt when the Federal Court house doesn't require me to do so.

I would have to agree with the first reviewer!
I haven't been summoned in 18 months and my have things changed since!
Jury duty was in a different building this time around and I was impressed!
The check in process was high tech.
The gathering room was HUGE and clean with big screen TVs all over.
It reminded me of a very clean airport.
I didn't get a chance to wander into all the bells and whistles they had to offer, such as the cafeteria or the quiet room, but it has definitely changed my outlook for the next summons.

So........my wife is super involved in following the Jodi Arias trial.
We were on vacation and she wanted to see if we could get into the courtroom.
Sure enough...we did.
Here is a quick rundown of how things shook out..........  Parking-  We parked about a block away in a lot that is titled "All day court parking $5.00".
Paid the 5 bucks and then walked towards the court.
On the way there, all of the news vans and such were parked along the street.
Cameramen and reporters were sitting outside the courthouse.
The actual courthouse-  You walk through the doors and have to go through a metal detector and empty your pockets and such.
Did that and then proceeded upstairs.
Just in case anyone else wants to know, the courtroom where the Jodi Arias trial is going on is in courtroom 5C.
So 5th floor up on the elevator.
Once we got up there, there were a few people waiting outside in the lobby.
They were waiting their place in line to see if they could go in and get a seat.
They have a court escort??
guy who lets you in and tells you where to sit.
Since this is such a high profile case you can't just walk in and sit down.
It fills up fast.
And unless someone leaves during the day, you might not get in.
We waited for a bit and then we saw a few people leave.
The court escort guy came and got 3 people.
There were 3 of us left and at around 3:30 they had room for 2 more.
My wife and some other guy who was waiting there got to go in.
I waited outside for about 20 more minutes and then they said I could go in.
They have the media/family members of the victim on the left and the general public/defenses family on the right.
Took my seat and watched some of the hearing.
Pretty boring if you ask me ;-).
My wife loved it though and we were both within 20 feet of Jodi Arias....that crazy lady ;-).
Anyways.......sat there for about an hour until they dismissed the jury and stopped the session for today.
It was cool to see the inside of a Phoenix Courtroom.
The chairs were pretty comfy too!
I would highly recommend this place if you want to see a crazy lady up close (Jodi Arias) and be surrounded by other crazy ladies who are following this trial.
(Excluding my wife....shes crazy in her own way, but not as weird/crazy as some of the people I sat next to in the gallery lol).
Anyways.........
It was an experience to say the least.

Jury duty room is quite nice with lots (10+) tvs to keep you entertained while you wait.

Having been to a lot of courthouses back East as part of my job, this was the first courthouse I had been to since moving to Arizona.
The courthouse itself is a more modern building.
The jury pool waiting room (which I didn't get to spend much time in as I was quickly called for jury selection) was large with lots of seating and tv monitors.
Half the room had sports and the other half had hgtv.
There was also a break room and a room to use your laptop or whatever.
There is free WiFi.
There is also a cafeteria and a little shop on site.
Though you have to go through security again if you go to them.
If you are summoned for jury duty, there is free a parking garage a few blocks away with a shuttle running every 15 minutes.
The garage is located at 8th avenue and Jefferson.
The guards do confirm that you are part of a jury or jury selection.
Overall, it was a pleasant experience.

