I've gone to every nail salon close to my house to try to find one that I'm happy at.
Beauty Calls Nail Salon won my hands and feet!
I went on a Sunday at about 12.
They were pretty busy, but were able to fit me in with only 10 minutes of waiting.
I was immediately greeted and given a cold bottle of water.
They had quite a big selection of nail colors and well as gel polish colors.
The decor was nice and relaxing, not cheesy or tacky.
As I waited I looked around and noticed a cute brochure with all the services and pricing offered.
Not only do they do nails, but they offer waxing, facials, eyelash extensions, and eyelash/brow tinting.
The pricing isn't bad, actually less expensive than the surrounding salons.
All the pedicure chairs and equipment was super clean and brand new, no 80's massage chairs here.
They also had a huge tv in a perfect position for everyone in the salon to see.
I got a regular pedicure and a gel polish change.
The girl took her time and was very gentle and soft with her tools.
She did a great soothing massage, and made it last.
She wasn't rushing or doing a bunch of other things while she was working on me.
She also didn't try to have a full conversation with me either, which I like because I just like to relax!
Even though I didn't ask for a manicure, she still gave me a a oil/lotion massage after my gel polish.
I am definitely going back here over and over again.
Worth every single penny!

I've been going here for a year now.
I love it and well worth the low prices they charge.
Each technician is excellent and I'm always treated like royalty.
I highly recommend this salon and a big thank you to Sandy the owner.
She's awesome!

Being new to town, I've gone to a half dozen beauty salons in the area and have been sorely disappointed with every one of them - until I came here.
The technicians take their time to do a great job, they use top of the line products so that the quality lasts longer than their competition, the ambiance of the salon is just beautiful, and best of all, their staff is friendly, fantastic, and they care about you leaving happy.
I highly recommend Beauty Calls - I've been a customer for months now and will never go anywhere else.
:-)

When I moved here from California I was a bit daunted at the amount of nail salons in the area.
Thankfully I  found Beauty Calls and Tuhlin (my nail tech).
They are always professional, courteous, and give a great pedicure!
I highly recommend them to anyone looking to get their nails done.

This place is literally walking distance form my place, and I'm SO thankful for that b/c it's officially my new nail salon.
Mostly OPI products.
Got gel mani and their upgraded hot-stone spa pedi... came out to $64.
I've paid more for a lot less.
Friendly staff, clean and modern environment.

This place gave fabulous service!!
I took my daughter for a manicure treat and we sat side by side and had  our nails done.
They took their time and gave great gel manicures.
Lovely did a great job on my nails!
We will be back!

Great place!
Relaxing, clean atmosphere with efficient, courteous staff.
I stopped in on a whim for a pedicure and they got me in right away.
Decent prices and my technician did a great job!
I would definitely recommend this salon.

Wanted to love this place.
They did an OK job but the design wasn't what I wanted even after I tried to communicate it several times.
I eventually gave up after it was already on my nails.
He was gentle but hardly filed/shaped my nails.
So some are rounded and some are squared.
Also, the lotion he used smelled like men's deodorant.

