What is there to say, it's a gas station.
But if you have a Boyd gaming players card you get a discount.
5 cents off per gallon.
If you pay cash the gas is cheaper.
But if you have a really good cash back credit card it's the same but better benefits on ur cc.

No more discount with the boyd gaming card.
They took it away =T sigh.
back to Costco Gas or Sam's Club Gas.

This location is clean and the cashiers are nice.
They offer "Rebel Rewards" and that gives you discounts on gas and other things.
They also offer the ringed doughnuts 2 for a $1.
I don't usually get gas at this Rebel it is usually a stop for coffee, fountain drinks, and snacks, but the gas pumps are usually full.
I see on the sign that they give a discount for paying with cash.
Rebel has one of the best Vanilla Frappucinno in town too!
As far as gas stations go of course!

Well, it is a gas station, with lots of pumps (18) and some of the lower prices in my area.
I rarely go in, but when I do, it is generally clean.
It does seem like there are always customers here in the late hours or silly early hours of the morning.
Everything out front is well lit, too.
I don't know if this is everywhere, but they do a credit/debit upcharge of 5¢ over the advertised (cash) price.
Today, the card readers on the pumps were ridiculously slow, but they worked.
Go here: they have gas for when you don't...

your pumps suck!!!!
slow!!
slow!!!
slow!!!
not only are they slow but 1/2 the time they aren't working properly!
even though your location makes it easiest for me to get gas from my house, i'll start leaving early to go to the chevron across the street!!!
your pumps suck!!
you have officially lost this customer!!

I hate this gas station but unfortunately it is the closest one to my house and it's right by the freeway so I usually stop here for gas before work.
The cashiers are friendly but they are sssslllooowww.
There is always a line and only one cashier.
I usually see another employee behind the counter but they are usually counting money or something and not helping customers.
I've been in line and had to wait at least 15 minutes before I could be helped.
That's just way to much time to wait when I'm in a semi-hurry to get to work.

