I wasn't expecting much for a $70/night hotel that offers a kitchenette and a large room, for the same price as the Super8 on the other side of I-10.
However, I was pleasantly surprised!
At ESA, you get a two burner stove, a full size refrigerator, a bed, a couch, tiny dining table, and small bathroom.
Best of all, it doesn't smell like stale cigarette smoke, and it's pretty quiet even though it's right off the freeway.
There isn't free breakfast, but there is free wifi.
It's certainly not as nice as the Residence Inn, but for the price, it's hard to beat.
If you're on a budget, it's much better than Super8 or Motel 6.

If you have a choice, stay at the one about one mile farther north.
(14245 S 50th St) The rooms are nicer, and they have indoor corridors.
Might cost an extra $10/night, but it's worth it.

First time and last time staying here.
Got a $20/night discount.
Needless to say, the place had a number of issues:  1) toilet clogged up 2) messed up reservation - smoking room instead of non-smoking 3) no linen on hideaway 4) smell (it was a smoking room) 5) customer service - would not give me a non-smoking room 6) computers down - could not check on changing a room for me.
7) spotty wifi - paid $3/night and litle good that did.
7) locked doors @ 6pm...wtf?!?
Had to wait 30 minutes to talk to desk clerk  Never again!!

The bed and pillows are super uncomfortable.
It's like sleeping on a rock.
It's not a full kitchen either.
Stove only has two ranges.
They only supply two of each dinnerware (not good for a family of four).
Rarely any maid service and if u want one u will have to pay $10 per request but u get 1 complimentary maid service per week.
I felt like I was living in a cheap apartment than on vacation.
I'll stay elsewhere next time.

Eeeeeek is right....Horrific ....This place is Great need of fumigation and Deep Deep cleaning.
It smells, it had spiders, and just all around filthy.
The beds seemed clean....the refrigerator smelled and the ice cubes had an odor from hell.
And that's what they expected you to use because they have No ice machine.
And their soft drink machine was broken.
Complained but did no good.
Had three days of softball tournament  with little sleep to keep watch on the HUGE spider we couldn't kill because it jumped when you got near it!
Awful experience.
11-14 to 11-18 2013 Annie G. irvine CA

I stayed at this hotel March 1-2, 2014.
BIG MISTAKE!
There was something sticky spilled and not wiped up on the bathroom counter.
There was dried food in the microwave.
There were moldy coffee grounds in the coffee maker.
Worst of all, when I woke up in the morning, the room was crawling with roaches.
BIG roaches.
The desk clerk claimed she has never heard anyone complain of roaches there before.
I wondered if the sheets had even been changed prior to my stay.
It felt disgusting in that room and I couldn't wait to get out of there.
I will never stay there again.
I wish I had done a little research before booking a room there.
The desk clerk promised to mail me a certificate for a free night at ANY Extended Stay America Hotel.
We'll see if it arrives.
UPDATE:  Because I posted a review on Trip Advisor, a manager responded to my review apologizing, yada yada yada.
After waiting several weeks, I emailed said manager and asked about the certificate for the free night that the desk clerk had promised and, BIG SURPRISE, no response.
Needless to say, I will never set foot in any if these roach-infested, flea bag Extended Stay America Hotels again.

