An offshoot project from nearby Empires, Circus is a smart looking little bistro, with middle-Eastern influence, but a varied menu that extends beyond there.
I only sampled the soup, which was OK, but I saw enough of the place to want to pay it a visit when I have a little more time.
Overall, we said: "what I got from Circus was a good introduction.
It wasn't fantastic, but I liked the look of the place, so will return next time I'm looking for a relaxed brunch style place.

I had my lunch hopes pinned on something a bit more pubby, so it was with heavy heart and bottom lip tripping me, that I was dragged in here for what threatened to be a healthier option.
Ha!
homemade burger and fries leapt out of the menu, so retracted lip and replaced with sizeable grin and a bottle of Corona.
The food was pretty good, the salads light and fresh with a  mix of dressings and dips and the burger well done.
Staff delightful, second guessing my move for a ketchup bottle to glide across the room and bring it to my side.
The guys at the table next to us were tucking into an all-day breakfast which looked a real belly-buster and shows the diverse nature of this place.
It can flex from subtle dishes to real tummy ballast with ease.
There's a small outdoor courtyard which looks like it would be lovely on a sunny day, so going to be back for more sooner rather than later.

Very pleasant staff and a well priced food menu here but I can't help thinking they're missing a trick when it comes to their al fresco area at the rear  it looks like it could be quite a sun trap & therefore ideal for a spot of quiet-ish outdoor drinking but as this is yet another place charging £4.25 for Williams Bros. ales you're not really going to drop in for just a few of those.
Clearly they cater for folk not wanting to combine food with their drink as we were asked if it was a drink or dinner we were there for.
They could also do with having actual chips with the fish & chips rather than fries (& close to the bare minimum of those too).
Airy with a good atmosphere & decent artwork adorning the walls the premises are conducive to a good experience but a few tweaks required here & there.

nice little old courtyard to sit outside and enjoy a nice sandwich/breakfast.
pot of tea is big so can be shared by 2!

Our teas, baked potatoes and burger were all good value for money.
Service was swift but a smile would have improved it.
Watch out for a character in shades and a technicolour dreamcoat though - failing to engage this drunk in conversation may result in some classist abuse (as he's no judge of age though you may lose ten or so years so it's not all bad).

