I went here tonight for a book reading - The Daemon Parallel.
My friend was going to be interviewing the author, Roy Gill, and the illustrator, Paul Mudie, so I popped along to listen (and clap and make appreciative noises).
Pulp Fiction is a bookshop specialising in 'genre fiction' - mystery, fantasy, romance, crime, and science fiction novels.
It's a gorgeous wee place, with lots of funny signs and a giant inflatable fish that roams around the room.
It's not *really* my sort of reading - I like some of this stuff, but most isn't really my thing.
That said, I loved the shop, and I know lots of people go there to just hang out and write during the day.
There's a cafe, too, with sandwiches, coffee and cake.
We bought sandwiches to eat before the reading and they were delicious.
But... just a warning for anyone a bit fussy or with food intolerances - watch them like a hawk!
I ordered a smoked duck and salad roll.
Ok, ok, look, I only wanted ham!
But they had none, so duck it was.
And what I got was a baguette with salad, duck, cheese, raw ginger, berry reduction (aka jam) and vinaigrette.
And it was amazing!
But.. it wasn't what I ordered.
So just, you know, be aware if you order something.
And give yourself plenty of time, because all that ginger chopping and jam dripping took about 10 minutes per sandwich.
Och, I really don't want to slag it off - I loved my sandwich and I loved the bookshop.
Go there.
Just know you're going to get werewolves and ginger, and all will be well.

Is it a book shop?
No.
Is it a café?
No.
Is it Pulp Fiction, well yes.
It's hard to describe Pulp Fiction as anything than what it is.
It's a book shop specialising in fiction, and I am guessing especially fantasy and sci-fi fiction.
It has a hushed, relaxed and calm atmosphere.
I really, really liked the vibe in here.
The owner (I assume) of the book shop was genuinely warm and welcoming, but calm.
Whilst I was there, some customers came in asking for book recommendations, he asked their tastes, then recommended.
It's a specialist book shop.
It also has a deli café.
But not of poor quality.
Oh no.
Look at the photo I uploaded of the deli platter (for £6).
SO MUCH CHEESE.
This could have easily fed 2.
Three types of salami and ham, 4 types of cheese.
The smoked duck sandwich also sounded divine but they had sold out from an event the night before.
And the café isn't an afterthought.
The majority of the store front has good-sized tables, at least 6 of them.
I particularly mention good-sized as when you have a laptop and an epic-sized plate of cheese and meat, you need a lot of space.
They also didn't mind that I rocked up and sat for 3 hours, picked at my cheese, typed away on my laptop and didn't buy a book.
They also host writer's groups, and I believe they hosted the last Dr Sketchy's Anti-Art class.
It's friendly, it's got a local community neighbourhood feel to it and I imagine if you went enough you'd become a regular, and they'd remember your coffee order and say "ah I have just the book for you, it just came in last week!
"  I can see myself coming back here.
Like Gillian L, the books aren't quite my normal reading (they used to be, Terry Pratchett massive right here) but for those who love fantasy and sci-fi it's a treasure trove.

