ABC Lock & Key came through for me when I needed them the most.
I left work to try and start my car and the ignition key cylinder wouldn't even turn.
And if it won't turn and my car won't start that left me waiting 2 hours for a ride or using my Lambor-feeties and hoofing it way out South in Henderson.
Not good options.
I remembered driving by ABC on Sunset so I looked them up on my phone and called.
Response time: They promised 45 min, they were there in 30.
(They had a previous call or it would have been even quicker!
) Service: They had the parts I needed in the van.
They were even able to cut a new key for me on the spot.
I had questions, they answered them.
And they took care to not scratch or damage my car.
It's the little things...
They had my old key cylinder out, the new one installed, and checked in less than 30 min.
Results: Exceeded expectations.
The lock cylinder they installed was unfortunately put to the test when someone tried to break into my car in the apartment complex I live in.
They took an old PO mailbox key and jammed it into the cylinder and tried to force the cylinder to start the car.
They broke the key...and couldn't take my car.
After removing the broken key my regular key still works, the cylinder turns just as smoothly as ever, but the ABC installed replacement kept some punk from stealing my car.
Even the Henderson PD officer who took my report was impressed as the OEM cylinder would have made for a stolen car report instead of a break in report.
5 Stars....not only that but I wouldn't hesitate to use them again.

My front door stopped working.
I could go out, but not come back in.
ABC came out, checked out the mechanism and explained how it basically was broken and needed to be replaced.
They had a big catalog of options.
Their friendly service provider Ryan helped me pick out a good match.
He came back today to install the new front door handle, locks, etc.
Pretty painless.
Thanks for your help guys.

We recently moved to our new home in Las Vegas and called ABC Locksmith to change our locks.
Ryan showed up promptly and changed the locks right there and then.
Very professional company.
I highly recommend their services.

I called ABC Locksmiths to change my locks cause I lost my keys.
They were very prompt and professional.
Great work Nick!

This place needs to be put out of business!
This place will rip you off!
They came out to change out my ignition and it worked for the two times I drove my car then the key got stuck.
Called them back to fix it and they tried to charge me another 125 dollars to get my key out of the ignition they installed.
Horrible service you will be waiting around for a while if you need a tow also.
Wouldn't recommend them to anyone unless you want to get ripped off.

Pete is awesome!
He's very punctual and does a great job!
He replaced all my locks at my new home with no problem at all and has the best price out there...
Thanks Pete!

Vince at ABC Locksmith is my hero!
I left my key to my power wheelchair lift at home but Vince made me a key (4 of them) and I was able to load and unload my power wheel chair all weekend during my stay in Las Vegas!!!
Thank you, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!
Nancy

I called ABC Locksmith to have my doors re-keyed.
They did an excellent job and they were in and out within 30 minutes!
Defintely fast and  friendly service!
Thanks

