As an adult I have always wanted to learn to play the piano.
Ursula was the perfect fit for me to overcome some trepidation in my ability to read and play music.
Two years later I'm still learning and enjoying my lessons with Ursula,  She gives me the opportunity to choose the music I want to play and currently I'm learning the beautiful  pieces from Les Miserables.
Ursula is very engaging with her students while teaching them the skills and techniques to move to the next level.
I see myself learning from Ursula for many years to coming.
Her energy and true love of teaching and music is very evident.
She is a winner!

I am a 25 year old male who has always found the piano fascinating.
Unfortunately I never had the opportunity to take it on as a child.
As I have gotten older I was afraid that it would be something very difficult to learn.
With Ursula as my teacher, I get the exact opposite feeling.
She is a very sweet, easy to talk to and a patient teacher.
She is wonderful at walking you through the steps no matter what you're learning style is and maximizing your abilities to the best of which you are able to do.
I am new into learning the piano, but I can tell that I will spend years getting lessons from Ursula as long as she continues to teach them.
I would recommend that anyone at any skill level come in to receive guidance under this magnificent woman who has such a strong passion for teaching.

My two sons have been taking piano lessons from Ursula for a few years now and they love it!
Ursula has a way of making piano fun!
She is excited to teach every day, and this excitement rubs off on my kids, they never want to miss a piano lesson.
Ursula has instilled confidence in my children in their musical abilities, always praising them on their accomplishments.
Ursula not only gives my boys piano lessons, but she has them participate in ensemble classes with other students, play in recitals, and participate in the Arizona Study Program, for which she prepares them for thoroughly.
In other words, she is giving them a complete music education!
I consider myself to be very lucky to have my boys being taught by such a caring and wonderful teacher!
She has instilled a love of music in them that will last forever.

We LOVE Ursula!
My 11 year old has been taking lessons for six years.
My 6 year loved listening to lessons so much he couldn't wait to start last year.
Ursula has made piano so much fun!
She knows exactly what each kid needs to help him learn.
Both boys have learned piano and play beautifully at their own level.
They are happy to practice and look forward or lessons each week.
It is such a joy to have so much music in our home.
Most importantly Ursula has instilled a love of music that will stay with them for a lifetime.
I would recommend piano with Ursula to anyone!

