Besides the price of the drinks, it's a cute little coffee shop that gets the job done.
The java chip ice blended was pretty good and had a good amount of chips in the drink.
Starbucks, I feel, tends to go a little chip crazy and I end up having tiny espresso pieces all throughout my mouth and this place doesn't do that =)  I also got an ice blended green tea, which was pretty big...probably due to the price ($6.50?
) and could've been better.
By the time I got towards 3/4 of my drink, it was like I was drinking watered down green tea.
Their offer your typical baked goods and I have to say their fruit parfait was probably the best I've ever had.
It was loaded with tons of fruit that you can't even see and they used Greek yogurt, so the consistency was nice and thick, instead of runny.

Great breakfast...Great coffee, breakfast sandwiches, perfect in the morning after a late night.
Staff are super friendly....

Pretty much everything you need to snack and get hydrated, and possibly even more drunk when staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas.
Situated at the base of the elevators to the  Paradise Tower, this little 'convenience  store' has everything from energy drinks, to snacks and even condoms ... Should the situation 'arise'.
4 stars because its extra over priced,  though I found that 4 beers and a mini sake at its sister satellite store was only around $20 a compared to paying closer to $8 beer at the bar.

I was going to meet my brother at the Hard Rock Hotel Starbuck's.
Three months ahead of Christmas there was a surprise.
Hard Rock Hotel replaced Starbuck's with the Fuel Cafe.
Hours later when I needed a serious caffeine boost, I tried a Fuel Cafe ice blended coffee.
After a few sips, I missed Starbuck's.
The nicest way that I could put it is that the $6 and change ice blended coffee is worth a $1.
I passed over drinking it all.
The taste was especially bitter and there was too much air in the cup.
It tasted like putting a cup of cold Folger's coffee in a blender.
If it was reasonably priced I still would pass over purchasing it in the future.
Fuel Cafe's high prices are testimony that Starbuck's is not the highest price coffee shop.
I am a compassionate Yelper.
When writing this review I weighed in on service and other factors to avoid a one star bomb.
The barista was hard working, did her best and was friendly.In the Hard Rock Hotel, I am captive.
Ordinary coffee is better than no coffee when the party is over and fatigue creeps in.
The extended hours are appreciated.
My brother's coffee cup said Illy, and he said it was good.
Maybe if there is a next time at Fuel Cafe, I will be satisfied with the drip.
Review in a nutshell:  Pros: Late hours, convenient for Hard Rock Hotel guests, good service.
Cons: Expensive, one star ice blended coffee drinks, replaced Starbuck's.

Good coffee, on par with Starbucks, a bit pricey, but hey, that's Vegas for you.
Good choice if you are staying at or near the Hard Rock.

I was in Vegas for work at the Convention Center and would have to be an early riser to catch a cab to the convention center and sometimes to Home Depot.
I didn't have time for a full on breakfast and had to pick up breakfast, lunch and a potential dinner for our crew.
Fuel has a range of healthy and satisfying options at prices that won't break the bank.
Try their double sausage and cheese sandwich.
Yep, it's as hearty as it sounds.
It would be perfect if you were hungover, because it is a bit on the greasy side.
But it did the job for me!
Given that I was doing work when the Convention Center was not fully open (meaning, their food stalls were closed), I was grateful that this convenient spot opened early and had some fresh options for our crew.

So, no whipped cream for my Espresso con Pan.
Settled for a double shot of espresso and half and half (no, not even real cream).
Espresso almost tasted burned.
It was not a good experience.

Standard coffee bar but with an amazing twist - fresh made hot mini doughnuts!!!
A dozen is only $5!!
Perfect quick snack and coffee to start the morning (or afternoon since it is Vegas)!

You will find two Fuel Cafe location's in the Hard Rock Hotel Walk way strip to both Casino Tower, and second right before the elevators of the Paradise elevator.
I have only been to the location outside the Paradise tower, so the review is based on that.
The cafe has a nice assortment of both cold and warm beverages...
Think Starbucks with Pizza and Energy Drinks (And double the price).
I have had the Egg white burritos a few different times which are always delicious, but they are pre cooked.
I saw the pizza sign before going into the Pool and said that looks gross, of course after leaving the pool I had to have a slice, it was decent nothing special.
Every time I come to this location Customer Service is never anything spectacular, the people always have crumby looks on there face as if they hate there job and don't want to be there.
IF I worked outside a pool cafe I would have a HUGE cheesier, and give best customer service to rack up some tips from the tipsy party people leaving the pool.
I well return because its convenient, and if things change ill update.

Nothing great, but if it is the only place near your hotel, worth a short walk.
They do not have almond milk, only soy.
The espresso is good, but the drink was tepid and prepared very quickly (there was a long line).
I would assume under different circumstances (not CES), this would be a better stop.
Overall an average experience.
They did have food and smoothies, but there wasn't much vegan fare.

I suspect this place is new and still working the bugs out because there is much room for improvement.
There were 4 people in line when I arrived and it took 15 minutes to get a cup of unremarkable drip coffee that was already made.
I would not want to be here when it's busy because It simply can not take 15 minutes to serve a cup of coffee.

I never thought I would find myself saying this, but the coffee and food here is WAY better than Starbucks.
The cashier was friendly and our order came out fast.
I had the egg white burrito.
While on the "lite" side (calorie wise) it was very filling.
For my coffee I had the iced caramel macchiato.
Personally, I think it could use more coffee, but it was delicious.
My son enjoyed his eggless.
Which is just a double sausage and cheese sandwich.

Our experience consisted of a couple black coffees, a bagel and a muffin.
Not too hard to screw that up, but they actually did a little (toasted the bagel when we asked that it NOT be).
It was packed in the morning, but there were enough tables and they were quick.
I didn't even find the prices too out of whack (especially being in a Casino).
It is a good stop for that caffeine infusion!

Came here to get a late breakfast before wandering out for the day.
They were really packed.
Apparently it's the place to come and leave your suitcases in the middle of the floor while you're waiting to leave for the airport.
We got a couple of coffees (which were lava hot) and a bagel and a muffin.
It was all good, for being coffee and a bagel.

I'm not sure if this is a brand new place but those guys need a lot of improvement here.
Coffee taste like sweet hot water (and they use illy coffee which should be tasting as a REAL ITALIAN COFFEE).
First of all, please hire some experienced and fast people to work here, it took me 15 minutes to get my double expresso (seriously???).
Terrible Service, fodd not fresh and awful coffee taste.
Now you might be thinking: it might be a cheap place, right?
NO!
I spent more than $15 on 1 water and 1 ceaser salad.
DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.

I was looking for a mid afternoon pick me up thought I'd try the white mocha coffee and the breakfast burrito.
The coffee was "ok" -substandard to the Starbucks mocha.
It was pretty weak, almost watered down compared to Starbucks.
I knew the burrito was a gamble but I was hungry.
It was under seasoned and took quite awhile to be given to me considering it was pre-made and nuked.
It was unappetizing and I did not finish it.
Oh, it also cost $7 for the burrito, way over priced for the quality.

Since the rooms at Hard Rock do not have coffee, you are forced to go buy at Fuel Cafe.
Coffee had no special flavor, lines were tremendous every morning, once my son's burrito had a hair (got refunded) but the worst thing is the permanent WATER WASTE!!!
We know we are having serious water problems worldwide, but they "wash" the jugs and jars by having running water!
When I asked the lady to close the faucet, she said she couldn't because it was washing a jug!
Please, employees at coffee shops, use your hands, a sponge and detergent to really wash and only use the water you need!

