Chris is just awesome.
He worked with me in getting my entire house done at a reasonable cost.
I had to postpone the install two times, and he was not the least bit irritated.
He is an HONEST person, and one can trust him completely.
He went to pick up the materials and delivered them, and then installed the carpet and pad.
The install was perfect, and he was extremely careful when installing and caused absolutely no damage.
Many people just don't care because it is not there home.
He definitely cares for ones home as if it is his own.
HIs prices are awesome.
He has a great source for purchasing carpet!
One will not only get a superior job, but one will get great quality carpet at half the price of the major retailers!!!

Earlier this week we had Flooring Factor install carpet in our both of our boys rooms.
Chris was in and out in 3 hours and did an excellent job.
He works clean and quickly, which is always nice when you put your day on hold to be home for an install of this type.
I will definitely use them again when we decide to have new tile in our master bath and new carpet in the master bedroom.

I found an add on craigslist for $0.99 carpet installed and decided to get a bid from them along with 4 other companies.
Chris was quick to return my email and answer all off my annoying questions.
Chris brought me multiple samples of  different qualities of carpet and gave me his professional advice of what he thought was best for me!
We only did one room this time but with his quick, clean install and great prices we will be using him again when we lay ceramic wood tiles.

Christopher was professional and accurate on his estimate.
He came in right at budget not a penny over.
He was more than fair in his rates as well.
I bought similar quality carpet from hiim installed for just a hair more than I woudl have bought the same carpet at Home Depot (just the carpet uninstalled) He cut no corners ont he installation and it looks fantastic.

We were given a quote by Chris to tile two bathrooms and told it would take 2-1/2 days to complete.
I asked him about the Yelp coupon, but he said my small job doesn't qualify.
I suggested that he put the restrictions on the coupon for future customers.
He said he could get us in right away because he wasn't going to start a new job until the following Monday.
Tomorrow is day 4.
He was supposed to come back today to finish, but never showed.
We called him at 5pm only to find out that he wasn't planning on coming back.
My husband ended up putting the toilet back and wiping down the tile.
We still need the carpet tacked down and the debris taken away.
Hopefully he will show up tomorrow to get that done.
His helper Luis did 95% of the job which he did a fabulous job on.
The tile looks beautiful and Luis' attention to detail and work ethic was great!
We wish we could have hired Luis directly.
I won't contact this company for our future tile projects due to the extended work schedule without proper communication (unless you have a lot of time to fit his other jobs in).
I have to say that the quote was fair and he does communicate great during the quote process, but not during the job process.
I did hire this company based on Yelp reviews thinking it would be better than hiring someone blind, but it was not helpful to our family.
REPLY TO YOUR RESPONSE: Thanks for responding.
The  reason I didn't have enough material was because you were a no-show for the estimate appointment we had.
I asked you point blank if you needed to come over to measure since you didn't show up on Monday evening as planned.
You told me you didn't need to measure because if another tile guy measured for me that would be fine.
So if you had kept your estimate appointment we wouldn't have the material shortage issue.
Besides, you weren't going to start the 2nd bathroom until the next day anyway, so there was no time consumption on our part since we got the extra tile the night before.
Your employee Luis was on his first day of work doing my bathroom, so you had no idea what kind of employee he was.
He then quit on you once his part of the job was completed at my house.
He complained of the low salary you were paying him.
I'm just putting my review on Yelp to let others know of the experience we had with your company - you personally.
.This is where we found you and my review is legitimate and accurate to what happened with this particular job.
Others may have had great experiences with your company and I don't doubt that, but in my case it was the opposite.
I will also disclose that you called us after reading my original review asking us to take the review down.
That in itself is a little suspect.
Thank you.
****Anything I've  stated about Luis came straight from the horse's mouth.
We've never met him prior to him showing up to do the tile work yet we know a lot about him.
He gave us his phone number for future jobs, told us he had better equipment than you and so on.
I have no reason to lie about anything in my review.
I will leave it up to the consumers to make their choice to find a tile installer out of the many professional choices out there.

