Found myself away from my trusted Glasgow barber's so decided to give Ruffians a shout for a Crimbo cut.
If you're used to waiting half an hour for a five minute cut before leaving with that feeling you must have 'awkward' hair because the result wasn't quite what you'd hoped for, then maybe Ruffians is for you.
After a decent free latte and a browse on an iPad fixed to an old school desk (I managed to contain the flashbacks) I was washed, massaged and cut/clippered to perfection.
Chat was nice, and the whole experience was professional and positively indulgent.
More importantly, for those of us who are follically risk averse, Ruffians is a safe bet.
However, it doesn't come cheap.
Your wash and cut is £32, which did get me thinking about the 5 stars.
However,  I think guys are looking for a bit of 'me time' and if the product and experience is good then cost can be white-lied away to the other half.
Ruffians won't lure me away from my regular choppers, but if I'm ever caught short again, I'm more than happy to be cut short here (sorry).

I am not generally one for spending much on grooming  - I tend to stay just on the right side of "washed".
I generally goto barbers where I need at least 2 weeks before it looks like I've not got my head caught in a lawnmower.
However I was off to an important event just before christmas and my hair had become..... untenable.
I had to find a solution FAST.
I went to Ruffians.
Booked in and turned up.
Seated at their high stools in the pleasant atmosphere of wooden paneling and rustic manly chunky furniture and good solid butler sinks I played on an IPad while drinking a coffee waiting for my hairdresser.
She came up and took me to a seat.
We discussed what I wanted, what I used on the hair (at the time I hadn't used shampoo/anything else in like 3 years) how I liked to wear it.
We then had a hairwash and condition, and then a very nice head massage.
They plugged me into a seat and the cut began.
Chat was good.
Hair was better.
It looked ace.
I went out to a bar that night and got about 3 compliments on my hair.
Now I'm not sure if this is because my hair is usually shit or not....
I've been back since and they did just as good a job.
It was ace.
So I would recommend it.
It was FAR more expensive than I used to spend on haircuts (£35) however it was easily worth it.
I will probably now get my hair cut more often - and be more confident in my appearance.
Well done ruffians - you win.

I was immediately checked in and then seated with a beer in one hand and an iPad in the other and having a chat with the lovely owner; a great start.
The 'shop' is a very clean, stylish and comfortable place.
My hair was done by Laura, who with little explanation, knew what I wanted and gave me a perfect cut without any fuss.
Leaving with my hair probably looking better than it's ever done.
Having tried quite a few, I can say that Ruffians is definitely a notch above other barbers in town and at a very reasonable price as well!
Until now, i've never really found a 'go to' place for a haircut but I'm very glad to say I finally have!

