the taste is great!!!
the $$ for the sizes are reasonable, and the customer service are awesome... havent tried all flavors yet, but wen i get the chance to go here, i'll try at least one new flavor every visit......  its also not as sweet as jamba juice... and it doesnt seperate as fast....  or at all...  cuz its too good to put down... :)

Yummy smoothies!
Great service!
A little expensive and takes a little time, but they make the smoothies when you order them.

Awesome smoothies.
Frozen yogurt, real fruits... Yogurt d-lite with raspberries is my flavor tonight... :)

Amazing smoothies and great workers.
In fact, I was super excited when this place opened because it reminds me of back home, St. Louis.
Smoothie King is my hangout in St. Louis, so whenever I miss St. Louis, I simply get a smoothie from Smoothie King!
Plus, for you fellow gym rats, the gladiator makes a great meal replacement: Healthy, yummy treat before or after the gym!

Smoothie King's founder is supposed to have invented the smoothies.
I am a naturally skeptical individual when it comes to claims like that, so I highly doubt he was the first guy to blend up fruits into purees for sale in the 1930s or worked at Waring (blender manufacturer) in the 1940s and contributed to their blender cookbook that contained recipes for a "banana smoothie" and a "pineapple smoothie.
"  Debunking highly doubtful invention claims aside, I must say that after trying two large 40 oz smoothies off their menu (Mangosteen Madness and Passion Passport) I at least can agree that the recipes for those smoothies are good!
Mangosteen Madness is definitely worth coming back here for, since who really has access to fresh mangosteen at an affordable price for DIY smoothies at home in Las Vegas.
As this was my first visit to any Smoothie King, the ordering process was a wee bit daunting for me.
There are literally 55 smoothies you can potentially order, not to mention the 11 Enhancers that can be added.
But the staff was friendly and gave me time to look over the menu on the wall and offered to provide recommendations if I needed it, and I essentially ordered what caught my eyes first.
Mangosteen.
Passion.
Then you are asked to pick up and pay for your order at the end of the counter (near the entrance).
The wait time was minimal from the time I placed my order to when I picked it up, so it is perfect for those with places to go and people to see.
The only thing I wished they did on my visit was put the 2 large beverages in a to go holder, as the car's cup holder can handle one but not two of these oversized beverages.
Price for the large 40 oz smoothie without any add-ons was $8.75 after tax.
I can't say if that is expensive or not, as I have not been to a Jumba Juice or other competitors in years and have nothing to compare it to.
But in the yumminess department, it was good (Passion Passport) to really good (Mangosteen Madness).
Will I be back.
Sure!

The smoothie was good but the service was very sub par.
I asked the lady if they served food and without saying a word she pointed to the protein bars.
I then decided to order a fruit smoothie and asked what an acai was.
She said its a fruit and then total silence.
No kidding.

My drink was fantastic and more like a meal-very filling.
$8 for a medium drink is a little rough but I probably don't need to eat dinner now so I guess that works out.
My drink was prepared fast and the clerk was nice.
I'll come back!

Love this place.
Good smoothies with healthy ingredients.
You can even call your smoothie in ahead of arrival on the phone.
Favorite is the Peanut Power Chocolate Plus right after a workout.

We decided to change our way of eating a month ago, and are currently on a carb cycling diet.
Decided to treat ourselves on the weekend, and include a high protein smoothie as our snack.
we are loving the Gladiator with vanilla protein powder with banana and raspberry.
we look forward to our smoothie each weekend.
Great taste.

Smoothie king has several smoothie options divided in 7 categories.
Greek yogurt, trim up, stay healthy, get energy, step up and indulge.
They also have some vitamins and supplements available on site.
I like the fact that they have several options, but the wait was not worth it.
They only have one person working and when more than 3 people come it may take a while to get your order ready.
Overall, it's a decent place but there is nothing special.

