This company is despicable.
While we were away for several months we depended on Arizona Mirage to take care of our pool so that our daughter would be able to enjoy it.
She had told us the pool was cloudy and dirty looking, which we then told Arizona Mirage and they never addressed it until we came back into town.
We were then charged for the pool to be drained and then filled as this was the only way to address the chemical imbalance.
We were then asked if we wanted the pool filters cleaned, which we declined since we have always done it ourselves.
When my husband cleaned the filters and resecured the cover, he noticed the gasket was stretched.
The filter cover then exploded hit him in the head and cleared the fence, causing an emergency visit with 19 stitches, and later, a procedure to evacuate some fluid on his brain caused by the explosion.
They are not taking any responsibility and are extremely defensive when approached about the technician opening the pool filter.
How could they know the pool filter needed to be cleaned without having opened the cover?
Rest assured we will never do business with them nor will anyone we know with a pool.

Outstanding service Just moved to Surprise this summer, and had a crap pool.
AZ Mirage did a great job,they impressed me with answering my stupid questions, plus dropping by and teaching me first hand on what to do Would highly recommend this company

Update  Just a quick word, I ask alot of dumb questions and they have went out of there way to help.
The owner even came out and taught me everything I would ever need to know about swimming pools

We really can not say enough about these guys!
Brian, Sue and Bryce are so helpful and knowledgable.
We were totally screwed by the last guy and that was after 3 other guys miserably failed as well!
These guys stepped up and made us believe in pool service again!
They say they will be here, they are,; they say they will fix it, they do!
This is our 2nd home and we absolutely need to trust our service people and these guys have us as long as we own this house!
Keep up the awesome work guys!
Thanks for the good work!

