Koby also came to my home and was very knowledgeable, personable, and professional.
We had all of the doors re-keyed in our home.
He showed up exactly on time and was done in two hours.
One of the doors he could not re-key as the lock was too old.
He tried every other option before resorting to having us buy a new lock.
I have placed this company's name in my phone to call for anything else I need in the future.
They also do locks on cars as well so they are not only for your home.
I would highly recommend this company and be sure to ask for Koby.

Such a great locksmith.
I called around 9:30 pm, and he was at my house within 39 minutes.
Great customer service and reasonably priced.
I would def use again in a heartbeat!
Five stars all the way!

What a great service.
I called at 5pm on the day I closed on my house and they made an appointment for me first thing the next morning.
They rekeyed my entire large house which included ornate  antique locks,  commercial style gates, broken door handles; you name it.
Koby was incredibly capable and professional and went above and beyond to assure the job was thoroughly done.
The price was more than fair for the amount of work I had done.
I will definitely use this firm anytime I need a locksmith in the future.

Very good guy, I use this company for my dental offices and my home.
Always picks up his cell, can get to you in a couple of hours usually.
Very fair pricing.
He just finished with rekeying my new house, so I wanted to write this review before I forget!!
I will use again, and recommend to anyone!

We needed our locks changed in our office.
Koby was a pleasure to deal with.
He called before he arrived.
He was courteous, efficient, and did a great job.
The prices are fantastic.
Same day service is unbeatable.
Would not hesitate to call again.
You will not be disappointed with this company.

I just bought a house and needed my doors re-locked.
Called around 9:30 and Toby was there by 1:00pm.
He was courteous, professional and knowledgeable.
Would definitely recommend him to anyone needing a great locksmith.
Thanks!

Exceeded expectations.
Koby was very professional and courteous.
He was on time, worked efficiently and I was satisfied with his pricing.
Definitely will use his services again.
Highly recommend.

I called Silver Eagle Locksmith and they came out to look at my job right away.
I had a big house that needed a lot of inside locks and security door locks changed out.
Koby gave me very good recommendations for the job and a very competitive price.
He provided me with all new handles and dead-bolts that were top quality.
He did a great job.
He was very courteous, professional and knowledgeable about the whole job.
He even came out a week after he was done to adjust one of the doors that was difficult to open, not fault of his.
And he did it at no charge.
I highly recommend Silver Eagle Locksmith to anyone needing a locksmith.

AWESOME!
Kobi is a great guy.
I've worked with him twice now, the second time being a spur of the moment thing, and he had no problem accommodating my needs.
He's a very professional and articulate guy, and he makes sure you're satisfied with the work before he leaves.
I plan on having him back soon to install a safe.
Anytime I need a locksmith, I'll be calling Kobi at Silver Eagle.
Bottom line, don't call anyone else, call Kobi, I promise you'll be happy that you did!

Koby the best and fastest locksmith.
I had to go to work early and he had finished really fast.
Highly recommend his services.
Thanks silver Eagle Locksmith and Koby

My purse was stolen with my house keys inside.
Koby arrived to my house exactly on time the same day and re-keyed my entire house.
He was professional, kind and seemed to really care about my safety.
Great experience!

This review is a couple of months overdue, but I still have to write and say that Koby is great!
He got back to me quickly, gave me an excellent price, was super nice, and he even was able to make it to my new house on the same day I called.
I wouldn't even consider using another locksmith.
Koby is the best!

I needed my house re-keyed ASAP and Koby was able to accommodate the exact time that worked for me.
He got the work done in a reasonable amount of time and the pricing was phenomenal for the amount of locks we needed done.
I was apprehensive about having someone in my home for that long, doing work associated with the security of my house; however, Koby quickly put me at ease.
Bottom line...he's a very nice guy and does great work for a great price.
Definitely give him a call :)

You're probably like me.
All of a sudden you need a locksmith and you find out there are about 5000 different ones around the valley.
I did some searching, and settled on Silver Eagle.
It was nothing urgent.
I had some doors that weren't shutting right, etc.
So I called them in the AM.
They came by after I got off work and it took the tech about an hour to get everything done.
The tech was clean-cut, well spoken and very professional in everything he did.
Within the first few minutes of him being there, in my head I felt relieved knowing I had hired the right people.
This is the first time I've ever had to hire a locksmith but should I need someone again, this is the company I will chose without hesitation.
The price was right, too!

Kobi rekeyed my apartment couple months ago.
Locked myself out of my apartment at 1030pm on Sunday and did not have my phone.
Good thing my friend was still in the parking lot.
Had to go on yelp to find him because I only remember his name.
Thank you Kobi.

Great service and nice people...I would definitely use them again...

Called Kobi again to re-key new house.
Same great customer service, trustworthy and does great work.
This time I decided to get better quality locks and I could not be happier you can feel the difference and they look great too.

GREAT SERVICE!!
I had to get my locks changed on my house immediately and I called around and ended up going with Silver Eagle Locksmith.
Best decision!
Very professional and accommodating.
Would definitely recommend to others and will definitely use again!

Kobi's brother, Ezra arrived on time for our appointment to rekey my home.
He gave me all my options, was efficient, and very personable.
He even gave me other safety tips for securing my home.
I am very happy with the service I received.
The service and new locks were not cheap, but you don't want some unlicensed bozo installing low-end locks that puts your family's safety at risk.
I will be calling them again if I need a locksmith.

Excellent service, and affordable price.
I needed to re-key my locks, and it was a Saturday morning.
I called about 6 am, at 8 am Ezra was already at my house.

This is long overdue, but I want to make sure to get this in.
I pulled the blunders of all blunders... locked my keys in the car with the car running.
I was at my home so it wasn't that big of a deal, I'll just run inside and grab the spare right??...
BUT WHERE IS MY SPARE??
Already on my key chain that's in the car...
I call Silver Eagle.
Kobi was prompt.
It was a Sunday and he was reasonable with his pricing.
He was very gentle with my vehicle and I was on my way within a few minutes.
I recommend to anyone who needs this service.

Silver Eagle Locksmith is prompt, reliable and very professional.
This is the second time I have had to call for their service.
Once for my business, and now for my home.
Kobi has helped us both times and provided excellent customer service with fair pricing.
I do recommend Silver Eagle Locksmith to others and will continue to do so.

Kobi is a great locksmith.
He came out at the time promised, told me exactly what the situation was and promptly re-keyed my lock and made me extra keys as well.
He was very nice, easy to deal with and did not try to upsell me.
I definitely recommend Silver Eagle to everyone!

