We have been here a couple of times to give our pupster a bath.
Nice shop that has everything you need in order to give your pet a thorough wash - they provide the shampoo, towels, brushes, etc.
They give you a card that you can get stamped each time you come and I think the 10th self wash is free.
And the owners seem like a very nice couple.
They do grooming too so I'm sure we'll try them for that at some point.

Very lovely business, very close to my home in Henderson, within my family I have five dogs and they are the most convenient, and friendly people I have ever met !
Very reasonable, and having the option to self wash is awesome, they have different sized tubs for people with either larger or smaller animals .
I would highly recommend :)

Took my Papillon, Armani, here to get groomed - the people are incredibly friendly, Armani looks great, and the price was great!
I would definitely recommend them and will be taking my dog back there repeatedly!

After a couple of unhappy experiences with other places, due to Jacks wiggly nature, Barb and co were exactly what we both needed.
No cages while waiting, hugs and kisses and fantastic customer service.
Thanks go out to our friends at Horizon Bark Park for the referral

So we found Penny a groomer for life my wife called Happy Tails this morning in hopes that they would have a opening to get Penny groomed and they did at 12:00 .
We walked in the store and the man at the counter was super nice and made us feel like we were a long time customer.my wife filled out a card with our  info than he took us in the back where they do the grooming the groomers were super nice !
They DONT put your dog in a cage they get to sniff around and interact with the other dogs until it's her turn (Awesome) we left and 1 1/5 hrs later we got a call that Penny was all done !
My wife especially loved this since last time when we took her to Petsmart they had her for over 4 hrs .
Anyway this place is awesome and it was less expensive than the petsmart .
We will definataly be going back in 6 weeks.
This place is Great thank you Happy Tails for treating Penny like a queen.

This was probably the best place I could take my dog, he had a blast.
The people working were super sweet and did a fantastic job cutting my dogs hair.
He got to play with a few other dogs and walk around the back.
The price was super cheap and this will probably be where I always take my dog.
Thank you guys so much!!

Can't say enough good things about these guys.
The groomer is familiar with my breed of dogs (Aussies), and treats them like his own.
They always come away happy and healthy, looking amazing.
I've had bad experiences with other groomers who had very little knowledge, causing harm to my dogs.
Thank goodness for Happy Tails!

I have been taking my two dogs to Petsmart off Lake Mead for about a year.
I had not been very happy with my terrier/poodle mix dog haircut the last few times.
I had even tried to change up the person and they still always seemed to make him look like a rat.
Branched out on yelp and found this business.
We got there and were takin in back to talk about my terrier and also my lab who I wanted to get a bath and nails trimmed.
They went over what we wanted.
We waited about 2.5 hours on a sat which is not long at all.
They also said they wouldn't put our dog in the cages if they were good which I appreciated.
We picked them up and I was extremely satisfied with my terrier cut.
He has not looked so good in years.
This face is trimmed so good to show off his features and they did a great job trimming in his ears.
My lab was shinny and nails trimmed nicely.
They both had cute Bandanas for Memorial weekend.
The price ended up being 20 bucks less for the cut than what I pay at Petsmart.
They take debit cards and greatly appreciate tips.
I will Be returning!

First time taking my two dogs to Happy Tails.
The entire staff was extremely kind and courteous.
My dogs look absolutely beautiful!
Ed suggested sea pet shark cartilage for my 12 year old lab mix.
I can't wait to see a huge difference in my baby.
Thank you to the entire staff for making my dogs and myself feel welcomed.
Will definitely be back again!

