Came here and bought a charger from these guys and they were very helpful.
They also fix iPhones an probably many others.
It was a small little location that was not super busy so you aren't waiting an hour just to get help.
I will keep this place in mind in the future when I break my screen again.

This location was the WORST customer service EVER!!
They can fix anything huh?
I came in there about 2 weeks ago to fix my power button and first I was told they couldn't fix it?
Then i was told that they can but it takes too "long" and it might not be a  guarantee fix so they didn't bother to even try and fix it because they would have to order the part since my phone is so old??
Yet i have the galaxy s2?
I went to yakety yak who fixed my power button in just 1 hour and Fixed a couple more issues for just $50!!
Now thats customer service.

Called up CPR and spoke with Nathan, very nice, good customer service which is  rare for these types of places so I was pleased with initial contact.
In the industry we would say he was engaged in his job.
Just had the power button to my Galaxy S3 replaced.
cost $75 which I thought was reasonable and what I was hoping to pay before I called.
Took 2 hours from the time I dropped off, they said it would probably take 3.
They don't do appointments, 1st come 1st serve.
The store is behind Ross facing Peoria St.  Comes with a 6 month warranty.
thanks for the good service.

Amazingly nice employees.
Super friendly.
Good prices.
Go there for a broken phone.
I highly recommend them.

About as bad as I expected it to be.
Brought my cellphone here as the on/off button had stopped working, they had it in shop for 5 day.
I called the day before it was supposed to be finished to confirm that it would be ready when I came it which they assured me it would.
I even called day of at about 12Noon to be sure and was again told it would be.
I arrived at 6:30pm--the earliest I could make it--only to be told they'd "forgotten about it" and would try to finish it before they closed.
Note: they didn't PROMISE to stay late and get it done which is the right thing to do.
I should mention this place is a half hour away from where I live and work, so it is a chore to get to it.
I get my phone back with a minute to spare and am charged $70 (10% discount for the wait).
$70 dollars for an on/off button!
I'm told they had to replace the whole motherboard because it was attached to the defective switch.
I'm not an electrical expert, but I'm not stupid either, so I assume I was fleeced on that, but beggars can't be choosers so I pay my bill and accept that I at least now have short term warranty (30, 60 90 days--I can't recall).
And the phone works.
Except that now my applications unexpectedly quit for no reason.
I've had this phone a year up to now, and it had worked flawlessly.
1 week later, it stops working again.
I call CPR up to let them know I'll be bringing it back--which they okay.
I Drop off at Noon the next day, and get a call at 5 that it is ready!
When picking it up again, I ask what happened and am given a verbally fuzzy answer, "...something stuff things...".
While at the service desk I make move to take the back cover off (which is a simple removable clip plate) to inspect the button myself.
Before I can get it off, the sales clerk (blond/bearded guy) stops me and nervously informs me that they won't do another free repair for ... again fuzzy reasons, something about voiding warranty by removing the back?
Doesn't seem legit to me--it is a removable plate and I only ever took it off before once the switch stopped working.
Instead of arguing (my annoyance really jumped up at this point but I didn't want to start bickering) I took my phone and left.
3 days later and the same button stops working again.
In frustration I take the warranty-voiding cover off to discover they've glued this cover to the back on the phone's interior, and basically wedged a piece of rubber on top of the button so it responds to my pressing .
except it doesn't anymore.
I give up CPR, you've got my $70 for doing shoddy work and blaming me for it.
Terrible, dishonest, lazy work.
Do not bother.

Just left this store got my I phone 5 fixed done in one hour.
Had a coffee at Starbucks while I Waited right next door.
Perfect service thanks cameron !

Around a month ago I got my screen replaced on my iPhone 5 and was very happy.
A few days after the replacement I noticed my battery life didn't last as long as it did prior to my replacing it.
Last Monday my phone stopped taking a charge and wouldn't turn on so I brought it in hoping to get the problem resolved.
Was told it was just the charger and I asked if that was it and was told yes.
My phone would charge for 6 hours with only a 2 hour battery life.
I am a nurse so I need my phone for my job and I'm also 8 months pregnant.
I took my phone back and was told I had to wait until Monday before anyone woul look at it because that's when the lead tech would be in.
Went right at opening and dropped off my phone.
Called around 1pm and they were in the middle of figuring it out and would call.
Never received a phone call so went in at 4pm and they still had no idea what was wrong.
Went again at 6pm and all of a sudden my phone now has water damage but it'll take all day to repair?
What the hell were they doing with it all day?
Took my phone and went to my car and noticed a big dent on the side and what appears to be a hole on the other side.
Since I don't have a "time stamped" photo of my phone prior to it being dropped they said they can't do anything that it was never dropped there which they don't have proof of either.
There were 2 other unhappy guests in the store as well that the tech couldn't figure out what was wrong or didn't have time.
Something needs to be done.
Calling corporate tomorrow.
Don't go here

Recently took a Galaxy Tab in for a new screen.
The quote was25% lower than another place nearby.
The reapir was expected to take 5 or 6 days.
Instead it took 4.
The staff I dealt with were friendly and efficient and don't treat you like you're clueless about electronics.
Thanks folks!

