I recently visited this new bakery.
The smell when you enter is wonderful.
There were many delicious looking baked goods to choose from.
I ended up deciding on trying few different items including an apple scone, chocolate croissant, chocolate chip cookie, banana-nutella cake sandwich, and mini-foccacias.
Everything was scrumptious and tasted like it had just been baked that morning.
The mini-foccacias were the best I've ever had.
I will definitely be returning to this bakery to satisfy my sweet tooth and get fresh baked bread.

Yummy is all I can say.
I stop by the new establishment to check the selection.
I ended up getting currant rolls.
They were lite and tasty.
I can't wait to go back and try something else!

My family loves their honey wheat bread.
I find my-self stopping in a few times a week.

Wonderful, had the fresh peach cake with buttercream.
The buttercream was made with butter as opposed to the usual lard or shortening.
This place is far better than the painfully overrated chocolate and spice.
Great local bakery using fresh ingredients that deserves our support.
Check it out!

Seasonal fruit pastries are great!
Apricot danish and blueberry almond cake are the best!
Pumpkin cupcakes with coffee are a great way  to start the morning..... this is my go to place every morning and it never lets me down

Good products, "neighborhood competitive" price, strong consistency.
This business is a strong addition to this neighborhood and this business complex.
Straight up, a bread baker is a thankless job, and Sugar Bee's deserves accolades.
Here's why:  +) The large-scale, union-organized supermarkets have jacked the price of everything (including baked goods) up above what is reasonable...which has the unintended side-effect of making an independent baker a viable and potentially profitable business.
+) Sugar Bee's quality of bread is superior to the supermarkets' faux-bread.
+) Sugar Bee's selection of baked good is strong: cookies, tarts, pop overs, ciabatta bread, wheat bread, Italian bread and even specialty breads like pumpkin and others.
+) Sugar Bee's special care is clearly evident in their holiday pie pre-orders.
You just can't beat the attention to detail of a handmade product like a holiday pie from Sugar Bee's.
Finally, this is a small entrepreneur running a grass-roots business reminiscent of a European corner bakery.
Yes, 5 stars is deserved, in my opinion.
Anybody brave  enough to compete head to head with the noisy, generic supermarket chain should be encouraged and patronage assured.
And the bottom line: this bakery reminds me of my hometown bakery from the Midwest and my adopted hometown bakery when I lived in Germany.
If you want glitz and glamor, maybe you should go back to the supermarket.
You want handcrafted, highest-quality, feel good greatness with 1-to-1 personal attention, this is your place.

This tiny little bakery is in the same strip mall as Jenni Pho and Fausto's on South Rainbow.
The owner/chef is a former member of Craftsteak's pastry team.
Unfortunately, there's no monkey bread to be found here.
The interior is sparsely decorated and the selection of items is modest.
I'll chalk that up to the store being new.
The items they did have looked pretty good and I purchased three, all for around $2.50.
The wife had an apple turnover, which I didn't get to try.
The pecan sticky bun was decent sized and as moist and gooey as sticky buns should be.
The chocolate croissant was delicate, flaky, and not overwhelmingly sweet, reminiscent of some of the better chocolate croissants I've had in town.
The place might not look like much but it's got a lot of potential.
Right now it looks like they probably make most of their income from custom cakes.
As business grows, hopefully their display cases will too.

I was waiting for a friend to finish up at Patty's Closet nearby and was playing around on the Yelp App when I saw that Sugar Bee's Bakery has a check in deal: one free item with purchase.
It said .1 miles away and had 4.5 stars, so I was like we gotta try it!
We were greeted right when we walked in.
She let us know that their display cases were down so there was more items in the back.
I wish I got her name but she was really nice and chatted with us the whole time.
They did have some items in the case the ham and cheese croissant was flirting with me.
We ended up getting 3 macaroons.
One each of the 3 flavors they had that day blackberry, french vanilla, strawberry lemonade and a Perrier.
The total was $4.00.
We even asked her...are you sure?
I think you missed something.
But that was the total.
There isn't anywhere to sit down, more of a take out place.
We ended up talking to the woman (co-owner?
pastry chef?
) helping us and eating our macaroons at the counter.
They were awesome.
Even the french vanilla which sometimes can be plain was really good.
She said they are going to have a lot of new items for Valentines Day so if you are in the area be sure to stop in and check those out.

Service was amazing and the treats were even better.
We did a dessert and wine party at our home and asked sugar bees for a variety of treats.
They exceeded our expectations with a beautiful ((and tasty)) variety.
I am a brownie kind of girl ((they are delicious at sugar bees btw)) but try the cranberry almond bars ...ah--maazing!!
We are hooked.
Thanks again!

Saw a review a few weeks back about a bakery in my neck of the woods.
Can't remember who wrote it but i suspect it was by a fellow food freak so i had to give this place a shot soon.
Had the sweet tooth yesterday, in the area - time to give Sugar Bee a try.
Compared to the Drago Sisters down the street, a small selection of sweets.
I'd say comparable to the new bakery on Durango by Warm Springs  ( name escapes me )   Server ranted about the chocolate chip cookies ( i ordered 2 ), also the tangerine Cinnamon roll,  a blackberry pastry, and the vanilla bread pudding ( something else besides vanilla in the bread pudding but i forget )  and a ham and cheese croissant.
All items were high quality but order of preference:  Bread pudding - dense, very flavorful ( would've been a home run with some ice cream )   chocolate chip cookies - slightly overcooked otherwise, on par with Bread and Butter.
Ham & Cheese croissant - flaky, buttery goodness - wish i had a nice mustard to slather on it !
blackberry pastry - loved the blackberry "filling'  but it was too thin so one bite and the dam broke open and it leaked all over !
Tangerine cinnamon roll - the tangerine " essence" was amazing but the dough was a little too dense for me - i think if i added some butter and microw'ed for about 30 seconds this might have Been a contenda !
Nothing over $4 ( i think... maybe the croissant ) - total bill under $15 ( i think they miscalculated the bill )   I will return !!
pics added

I do like their almond cake and creme brulee.
I don't think the tangerine cinnamon rolls were good like people have said, unique but not great.
Their prices are good and I will definitely try other items.
They are also always nice when I have gone in.

This place was okay.
I found this through all the yelpers and the 'nearest locations' for a bakery.
I was surprised I missed this place while going through all the locations.
I had very high expectations from all the yelp reviews, but it was just okay.
It is a small location.
No sit down or anything.
It had two cases that you could look at in between the cashier counter.
There was a lady standing at the cashier when I walked in with my mom and sister.
She greeted us and didn't say anything as we looked in the cases.
She didn't seem very willing to help.
I did ask her a question and was even more confused at first.
Never offered any samples even though there was a sample sign/dish right in front of us.
I didn't want to ask for a sample.
It isn't actually about the sample, but wished I was at least offered.
There was no one else in the store but us.
Selection wise, there isn't too many selections, and for some reason the color appeal did not help with the selection choices.
We did end up buying a ham and cheese bread and a couple macaroons.
The macaroons were disappointing.
They were really hard and began to crack even before I got home.
These macaroons probably were being exposed to air for too long.
The prices were okay.
Coming here again?
Maybe?
I can't be sure.
I may give it another try, but I will go ahead and explore other bakeries around the area first.

This is a great neighborhood bakery!
Tried their chocolate chip cookie and it was perfection!
It's really big too...
Enough for two to share.
I've been on the hunt for an off the strip bakery that can make macarons and make them well.
Sugar Bee's is it.
Perfectly delicate cookie shells with tasty fillings!
My fave was the strawberry lemonade macaron!

Amazing pastries is all I can say!
Nope, I can say more...
I happened to stumble upon this place while eating pho nearby.
The place is small, and the selections are few, but I found that it added charm to the establishment.
It sometimes can be overwhelming when a bakery has dozens upon dozens of items to choose from.
The service was friendly and inviting, and one of the pastry chefs (sorry forgot her name!
) gave us suggestions of what is "to die for".
All in all we purchased the apple tart, lime flavored macarons, chocolate chip cookie and the oreo cookie with mint ganache.
My favorite was the oreo cookie...or maybe the tart.
No, it was the oreo.
I don't even like oreos, but this was unlike the kind you get in the store.
The filling had a taste of mint, but not overly sweet like the store bought kinds.
I don't personally like macarons, but my friend said that the texture was spot on.
I would definitely visit Sugar Bee's again when I am nearby.
Thank goodness I live far because their menu changes daily, and it would be hard not to try everything they had.

Loved everything we tries today.
The ham and cheese croissant was lovely the chocolate chip cookie was so chocolatey My daughter was in  heaven.
I adores the strawberry tart My husband loved the cherry  almond Cake

I received a box of pastries as a thank you from a client; and now I am hooked.
I had to stop myself from eating them all too fast and I cut some in half to share with my Sister who agreed with me that the brownie is the best we've ever had (and she's a baker, not professional, but an excellent baker).
I work nearby and I can see my waistline expanding already.
The apple tart was wonderful, the brownie was amazing - - the inside was liquid chocolate, and the pastries were flaky and wonderful.
I will be back next week.
You have a new client and her entire family too.

The only reason why I can't give this bakery 5 stars is because the first time I walked in, they didn't have any French Macarons, and the 2nd time I came in, they only 3.
Maybe they make them when they can if they aren't baking cakes, or they run out fast, because they don't produce enough.
Anyhow, I did have one of their macarons; the Vanilla one and they got the texture and taste on point.
I'm very excited to come back and try the rest of the flavors.
Hopefully the next time I come back, they will have a lot more!
Their chocolate chip cookies are the best I ever had.
I think it has 2 types of chocolates, the chunks, as well as the melt in your mouth kind; the chocolate that doesn't ever harden; it makes the cookie taste and feel like it just came out of the oven.
Really good cookies!
Their ham and cheese crossiant is really good too; flavorful and a great breakfast!
C  Their apple danish isn't that great though.
It was dry and stale by the time i ate the next morning which is probably the reason why.
So far, this is a bakery I'm going to frequent on a weekly to bi-weekly basis for my macaron and chocolate chip cookie fix, and ham and cheese croissant!!!!
Yum!

I ordered a cake for my niece just days before the party.
Sugar bee's is right around the corner from my home.
This place is worth Requested a Dora themed cake.
Great deco and so delicious.
You can so taste the banana in the banana cake.
Pair it with the strawberry filing and it's a hit!
Thanks so much.
Will definitely order again.

I go to Sugar Bee's when I need a macaron fix.
Also, love their other pastries and creme brûlée.
Prices are reasonable and I recommend checking this place out.

Loved the fresh baked items my husband picked up this morning for breakfast.
The chocolate croissant was just out of the oven - warm, flakey and delicious with just the right amount of dark chocolate.
The organic coffee was tasty (so happy to find a place with good coffee near my house that's not Starbucks).
Can't believe we never knew this little gem was in our neighborhood.
Excited to go back and try other goodies!

Croissants amazing!!!
Macaroon's unreal!!!
Probably the best I've ever had.
Wish they has soy milk for my coffee for the occasional time I want coffee, but it's all about the real deal here!!
I also it's added the three cheese & chives come to my repertoire & I'm in heaven!
I've decided that you just cannot go wrong with any item in this bakery.
It's becoming a weekly stop where I know (& they know me) by name ;-) happy holidays & make them complete with sugar bees!!

Small store with super friendly staff.
Bought a creme brulee, a few macarons and a chocolate croissant.
All delicious and prices were reasonable.
Creme brulee was torched to order (which was a first).
Definitely stop by if you're in the neighborhood!

I've got to say I do enjoy when I have a bakery located not too far away from my house.
I stopped by and I have to say I was slightly disappointed that there wasn't a huge selection, nevertheless with the great service I received I got an almond blueberry cake (I hope I'm calling it the right thing.
it was round like a tart).
It was absolutely DELICIOUS!
Like so delicious I ate it up and forgot to take a pic to share.
Sorry!
I'm a fan and will definitely be back to try something else!

Definitely a place to visit!
The interior is small and cozy.
The desserts are amazing!
I had a variety of desserts ranging from French macaroons to scones.
Every time I go, I always get the French macaroons and the ham and cheese croissant.
The ham and cheese croissant is delicious.
It's flaky and the buttery taste just melts in your mouth.
You can never have enough of them.
The macaroons usually come in three flavors daily, and they change the flavors sometimes.
But no matter what flavor, it's always an enjoyment to have.
Other bakeries can be overly sweet, but Sugar Bee's is right on the mark.
It's not too sweet that you'll stop eating after a few bites.
Today's service was so good that it made me want to post my review.
I got free samples of scones and an extra macaroon (though I didn't notice till I got home).
Thank you!

This bakery is a gem!
The owners graciously donated gourmet macaroons to a charity benefit I worked on.
And, those French Macaroons were the hit of the party.
I loved the pink lemonade ones...but they were all terrific.
And, the owner delivered them in person wearing an adorable pastry chef jacket.
And, she is a real deal pastry chef.
She deserves top honors in a town that has a lot of great bakeries.
She is on the top of the pile.
Guests at the event raved about them...a fabulous baker with a delicious product!
Sugar Bees Bakery is inviting and very cozy...I felt like I was in a true patiserie when I went there.

So this place isn't cheap but only because the desserts are delicious!
I came in looking for a little something sweet to gift to an old friend over lunch and while I was looking through the deli cases (2) I tried a sample of the raspberry almond tart.
MMMMmmmM SO good.
So I got a couple of those at $2.75 each (they offer raspberry and blueberry I think) and some macaroons.
They make them in-house.
There was a small selection of other bakery items: baguettes, rosemary bread knots, croissants, creme brulee, small cakes ( i think most ppl order custom), tarts, and such.
side note: just because a restaurant or bakery is showing desserts in a case does NOT mean that they made them, plenty of places sell prepackaged/frozen items so I make it a point to always ask.
because why would I pay $1.35 for a teeny macaroon if they just bought them bulk from some giant food conglomerate.
the 2 ladies (1 was training the other) are obviously bakers first and business/customer service people second.
happy and sweet, but resulting in awkward convo/situation.
i requested the trainee to put everything in their small box for my order and the trainer kept trying to separate items into 2 boxes, then the trainee tucked in the flaps of the box and the trainer told her not to bc it would squish the macaroons, I said "its ok I want it tucked", and the trainer keep wanting her way.
i just wanted to get out of there on time and said whatever the trainer wanted was fine.
(3 min is a long time when you're watching other people debate things about you) i then asked if they took AmEx and she replied no they don't while nodding lol.
o well, they can only improve on teamwork with time,  i walked out happy :)  - they're also pushing their new organic coffees.
but def get an almond tart with it :)

The desserts were delicious and the customer service was great.
I purchased a variety of pastries and they were all so yummy!
I might even say that the chocolate croissant was one of the best I've had.
The woman that was working was helpful and nice.
Ill definitely be back!

The pies are a little pricey, about $20 for an 8inch pie and I can't say I was blown away.
They sure are better than getting a pie from like Smith's but I can't say they were amazing.
I bought apple and chocolate and found chocolate to be a better choice.
The chocolate was super rich but tasted a little buttery.
I prefer apple pies but in this case the chocolate was better.
Apple pie was a little sour, I think the apples were not thoroughly baked.
The dough in the apple pie was excellent though.
It's worth mentioning that I ordered my pies for Thanksgiving and the bakery was overwhelmed with orders, so I might try them again on a regular day.

Items selected:  Pineapple Pink Peppercorn Macaron Cinnamon Vanilla Bread Pudding Raspberry Financier Coffee Kahlua Macaron Almond Croissant Chocolate Chip Cookie  Already in the area for breakfast at The Cracked Egg and having stopped in to Sugar Bee's only once prior simply to browse it was with a bit of surprise that Chef Chesto recognized me as I walked into the small shop, but going so far as to reference our previous conversation about the financiers labeled as 'tarts' in order to avoid confusion I have to say I was impressed - yet nowhere near as much as I would be after tasting the bakery's artisan wares.
Formerly a pastry chef at Craftsteak and likely having fed me twice in that role it was a rather simple process of selecting personal favorites and paying a modest bill of $13 that led me back to the car with a half dozen selections and beginning with a freshly minted almond croissant it was love at first bite, the warm shattering layers and wispy yawning interior rife with natural almond flavors...no detectable frangipane, paste, or fillers...the best I've found in Vegas to date.
Moving next to the macarons, innovative flavors and excellent filling was unfortunately marred by cold temperatures but allowing the second half to warm proved an admirable bite, though not on par with the rest.
Taking a break and waiting until home for the rest a chocolate chip cookie served notice to a lovely rendition of the classic with dark and milk chips aplenty while the financier, in all its density and plump berries was Parisian textbook whether labeled 'tart' or not.
Last but not least, the puck of bread pudding received gentle treatment on a cast iron pan, griddled until custard began to melt, and filling my new kitchen with wafts of cinnamon and butter it will be remembered fondly as the first thing I ever 'cooked' in my house...and far better than anything I will actually cook anytime soon.

So I don't hand out a lot of stars for bakeries.
I just am rather obnoxious about pastries.
Not on purpose - I just think they're hard to get right!
So to get a 5 star...  Yelper Amelinda L. and I stopped in this week for a quick bite while running errands.
We were sorta blase about the whole situation since we were in such a hurry, but boy were we glad we stopped in!
The whole store is rather unsuspecting since the signage was super low key and nothing fancy.
I thought that was a downright disservice to what we were about to find inside.
Inside was a simple storefront with one single table.
We ordered the jalepeno cheddar croissant and a selection of macarons (pineapple pink peppercorn, eggnog, and some sort of cranberry one), as well as a savory scone.
I four words: IT WAS ALL AMAZING!
The croissant was not at all "greasy" but was the way a croissant should be - flaky, crunchy, and the jalepeno offered tremendous flavor without being spicy.
We were DYING, so we ordered the cheddar ham and that was also unbelievably good.
The macarons were the perfect texture - crisp shell that didn't fall apart, chewy on the inside.
And best of all, not overridden with sugar (I find that absolutely gross).
It was the perfect macaron.
Better than Payard and Bouchon and competitive to Laduree.
And all of them were delicious.
It's hard to find a place that does 'em right (and I've eaten a lot of macarons in my life!).
And the scone - so often are scones too flour-y, lacking in taste, or overwhelmingly crumbly (like, how did I take a bite and half the pastry end up in my lap?).
This was flavorful, had the perfect texture and was just perfection in a triangle.
Do yourself a favor and stop in.
Seriously amazing stuff.
I will DEFINITELY be back.

Before Christmas, my BFF Lily L. and I stopped in for a quick breakfast before errands.
It's a small bakery with just enough space for two cases, table with coffee fixings, small beverage fridge, and a table with two chairs.
Definitely more of a pick-up spot.
Lily also took advantage of the free coffee with check-in.
We decided to utilize the table and it was perfect for a brief snack.
We decided to try three of the five macaron flavors available that morning (12/23/2013): Pineapple Pink Peppercorn, Eggnog, and Cranberry.
I wish I could recall the other flavor that was paired with the cranberry!
The macarons were moist with the perfect texture and so scrumptious!
They weren't overly sweet, however, it was difficult to distinguish the individual flavors.
Lily, whom I consider to be a macaron connoisseur since it is one of her favorite things and has experience baking them, gave these macarons her high stamp of approval - better than Bouchon and Payard!
For savory treats, we tried the Chive and Cheddar Scone, Jalapeno Cheddar Croissant, and Ham and Cheese Croissant.
Everything was really, really great.
It's the first time I've had a savory scone and it was so well done.
Some scones can be dry and overly crumbly, but this one was moist and delicious.
The croissants, oh my.
Honestly, the BEST croissants I have ever had!!
So buttery, crispy, moist, soft - everything you want in a croissant.
We loved both croissants so much that we contemplated another one (seriously!).
We were so pleased with everything.
Prices were great and service was so friendly!
I personally loved the croissants and scone.
I really can't wait to dine on them again.
They also offer loaves of delicious breads, which I would love to try as well.
So, stop in for a quick pastry, you won't regret it!

I travel nation wide and on rare occasions over seas, including Europe.
The croissants at Sugar Bee's exceeds even my favorite pastries from France and my favorite Whole Wheat bread from Britain.
The chocolate chip cookies was the icing on the cake.. Dare I say better than me mom's.
If I lived here I would be a regular.. Just going to have to make special stops to Vegas for Sugar Bee's!!

These guys saved our behinds.
We bought all their morning pastries for our big meeting.
We forgot to call in an order at another bakery.
But glad we found this place and they were nice enough to assist.
Everything they put in the boxes were great and driving warm pastries to the meeting was a big hit!
We will be coming back again for more, this time with much advance orders

Having gone in with high expectations, I was disappointed with the prices and the quality of some of the items.
A relative brought some of the macarons and a log cake to a holiday gathering at my house and these were very good.
So I went in to check out the store recently, inquired about a cake I'd seen on their website, and bought three different scones.
The scones were dried out and fairly tasteless - not worth the $2.50 each I paid for them.
I wonder if that's true this bakery doesn't make everything they sell?
And I think I may be able to do better than pay $200 for a two-layer cake.
Sad to say, but I will be looking for other bakeries.

I have really mixed feelings about Sugar Bee's.
The macarons were absolutely not A-OK.
They were very crumbly and could hardly be picked up without crumbling.
I also found them chewy rather than soft and melt in your mouth flavor that I'm used to.
There are several bakeries that have more flavor options and better macaron product.
The garlic knots I got were good but there's nothing special about them.
The cinnamon vanilla bread pudding was quite good.
On the other hand, the carrot cake was a lot of icing with little cake.
It was OK because the icing was not really sweet but rather had the very good flavor of cream cheese icing.
I was also surprised by the lack of product.
Many bakeries I go to have much more choice than was available here at about 1 PM which I don't consider that late.
If partial stars were allowed this would be a 2.5 star place.
I rounded to three.
The bakery is not in my neighborhood so I'll be missing nothing by going elsewhere.

Macarons were delicious!
We bought one of each flavor, kids tasted in the car, and we had to turn our car around to go get some more.

Wow!
If i could give them 10 stars i would !!!!!
I was in Vegas with girlfieds and my sister celebrating her 21st.
I wanted to surprise my sister with a nice little custom 21st Bday Cake.
However being the procrastinator that i am I called various bakeries a week and a before and they were all booked.
THANKFULLY ANOTHER bakery reffered me to Sugar Bee's and Boy was i beyond glad with the exceptional customer service.
I Spoke to (i believe her name was) Kate and she assisted me, i placed my order over the phone, she was even kind enough to text me a picture of a previous 21st Bday cake she had done.
And it was a nice blueprint of what i was looking for.
i described exactly what i wanted and we did !!!
!We were hving dinner at Maggianos and she was kind enough to offer delivery to the restaurant or our hotel.
Overall i was expecting to pay over $100 bucks and it was ablut $76 with delivery included for a custom cake that feeds 8.
The look on my sister was PRICELESS!!!!!
The cake was absolutely beautful and perfect.
IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS FROM OUTA TOWN & CELEBRATING A 21st, or any other milestone and are thinking of getting a custom cake MAKE SURE YOU CALL SUGAR BEES YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED!!!!!!
Thanks for the awesome cake sugar bees!!!!!!

Chocolate chip cookie was hot from the oven, big, flat, tasty.
Coffee was fine.
Customer service was fine.
No atmosphere.
Just an in and out place.

I was having such a sweet tooth craving on the way to work.
Yelped the nearest bakery that was open and decided to stop by.
I took advantage of the $5 for $10 deal.
Got 5 strawberry lemonade macarons, a 3 cheese and basil scone, and almond crossiant.
Everything was yummy!
My manager and coworkers liked it alot.
The girl that worked the counter was very nice, little added bonus was a free cup of coffee when I checked in.
A cute little place.
I went right when they open so there wasn't much out yet to select from, looking foward to trying some more of the goodies they have to offer.

Best almond croissants in town!

I ordered my daughter's bday cake here and it was last minute.
I am so happy that Carrie the owner accepted my my request and she will work with you with the details.
The cake was a Peppa Pig theme, I don't know why I didn't take a a better picture but it was wonderful and delish!
Sugar Bee's bakery did an awesome job!
Thank you!

Came in pretty late, a few hours before close to be exact.
Kinda bummed out that the selection was non existent.
This was probably my own fault due to the time.
The lady behind the counter was a bit passive and really just wanted to hurry the transaction and get back to whatever she was doing.
I'm glad I used the yelp deal, idk if I would have spent the full amount on the items I selected otherwise.
Just wish I got to experience the pastries that everyone raves about, along with a pleasant customer service experience.
I understand the concept of making enough not to waste but if you still have plenty of customers coming at all times of the day maybe you should just make a few more?
*sigh*

Hmmmm....
Went here on a Wednesday afternoon.
The bakery seemed very friendly.
I wanted to try some macarons because I've never tried them before.
Please don't laugh, but I initially thought macarons was a cake sandwich with a consistency of a small little cake with icing in the middle.
So I got the peach, vanilla almond, vanilla, raspberry, and the blue one( I forgot the name).
I didn't like any of them.
So as I bit down, they were kind of crunchy and soft but just too darn sweet.
This kind of reminded me of a cookie.
Some people may like them, but they just didn't agree with my taste buds.
I will go here again but try something else!!

We had a craving for macarons and searched Yelp for a nearby bakery.
Sugar Bee's is a tiny bakery but had just what we were looking for.
We bought 1 dozen assorted macarons and they were all scrumtious!
Our favorites - vanilla and blueberry.
I would have given 5 stars, but a couple of the flavors had big air pockets and crumbled as soon as we bit into them.
Still yummy, though.

