When it comes to buying a new home, we all know having a quality home inspection is one of the most important steps to take.
I've heard horror stories about home inspectors spending 10 minutes "checking out the property", or missing issues that can become expensive repairs down the road.
Not the case with Rich and AccuPro!
I've had the pleasure to know Rich for a couple of years, and am always amazed at his knowledge when it comes to build defects or residences not being up to code.
In addition to being completely thorough, Rich is also honest and will tell you exactly what he finds.
Whether you are building a new home, buying an existing property, or concerned you may have a mold problem Rich will take care of you.

Rich with AccuPro was wonderful.
His inspection was very detailed which gave my husband and I peace of mind.
In addition, he also e-mailed us his full report including pictures AND gave us an organized binder with his report, pictures, and other resources.
I would highly recommend AccuPro for home inspection services!

Rich is the most thorough and knowledgeable inspector I've ever met.
I've used many, many inspectors and now I only use Rich.
I highly recommend him to everyone.

I had AccuPro inspect a home before I bought it and I'm so glad I did.
Rich found problems that didn't show up on the surface.
The report that Rich provided was unbelievable.

Rich always provides helpful tips and maintaining your home and is a great inspector.
I like his work ethics and determination to do the job right.
He will got he extra mile for his clients.
I would highly recommend him to inspect your home and will definately use him on mine.

Rich is more than just a home inspector.
He is  someone to keep in your phone contacts just for his vast knowledge of complete home services alone.
He does the most thorough and comprehensive inspection I have seen.
What a nice person too.
I highly reccomend AccuPro to all my friends, family, and colleagues.

Buying a house is the biggest purchase you'll likely to ever make.
Therefore its important that you choose the best possible home inspector.
You can't go wrong with AccuPro Inspection Services!

Rich is a great home inspector.
He knows a lot about home building and doesn't leave anything untouched.
He will provide expert details on the condition of any home that you're looking at.
You can have confidence that you have all the information that you need.
I highly recommend his services.

Having the right home inspector can make a big difference in your real estate transaction!
I trust Rich at AccuPro Inspections to do an amazing job every time, you can too.

Rich at AccuPro Home inspections is a by far one of the best Home inspector in town.
We have referred him to several of our clients and has the ability to do the entire job.
He spends a long time at the home doing a very through job.
He also has great contacts for the termite inspections and when he can't do them, the pool inspections.
Great job Rich

Rich is Great.
Just did an inspection for me at my new house in Lakeside, AZ and WOW was he great.
He is so detailed in his report and findings with his pictures and recommendations I will recommend him to everyone I know.
He climbs roofs and gets into crawl spaces and does the little things that aren't required in his industry, but he does it for his clients and I am forever THANKFUL!!

Rich at AccuPro is a great home inspector.
He is thorough and documented many issues we missed on the home.
Rich explains things very well, and is patient with questions.
I will use him for any future inspections and recommend him to anyone else needing an inspection.
Thank you Rich.

