**Update: I've heard rumors that the doctor mentioned in this review will be leaving the practice.
I will confirm and update the review.
**  I've had two family members and a good friend go through this place for substance abuse/addiction.
Each experience has been a nightmare.
We usually come to this location but have visited the Post Rd.
location as well a few times.
The reason I came various times is because (I thought) they were the ONLY provider on Culinary insurance for substance abuse (according to their provider listing).
They are usually booked for long periods of time with zero flexibility.
You usually have to be screened first before seeing a doctor (already two separate appointments).
So in between waiting through these appointments, patients continue to use drugs even though they are ready to get the help they need.
I would be more understanding if they actually had some sort of (or better) triage system.
People's lives are sometimes on the line, but it seems like they can care less.
Another weird thing about them being booked so far in advance is that their waiting rooms are never full.
Everytime I go, there's usually 2-3 people waiting and that's it.
Front desk staff are only good for checking in/out and taking messages but don't ask them to do anything else, including smile.
The screenings are usually done by some sort of counselor (I think?).
I'm not too sure but pretty standard questions, nothing special, just getting idea of what sort of treatment you may need.
They have all seen the same doctor, who specializes in prescribing Suboxone (medication to help with opioid addiction).
I won't mention his name, but it's easy to find out from just that and the fact he is at this location.
He is the main reason for the one-star rating.
When you work with addicts, you HAVE to be patient, compassionate, and caring.
He is so far from being any of those things, it makes me wonder what he's doing there.
Maybe he just went through the schooling and desparately needed a job?
He is professional like a doctor, but he's just in the wrong field.
One example of his fine work: He commonly sends addicts to a class/meeting outside of the practice that you have to be sober to attend (even performing urine testing on some patients to verify).
After attending these classes, he then prescribes the Suboxone.
It is near impossible to get a heavy drug user to go cold turkey and then go to a class while they are in withdrawl.
If it was that easy, why even go to the doctor?
He doesn't choose this method of treatment for everybody, but he did twice during the visits I attended.
Wait there's more.. after explaining to him that this is too difficult to do, what does he do?
He refers the patient out to a cash pay ($300-400 with $100-200 follow-up visits) psychiatrist who can prescribe the medication without going to the class.
No joke.
I was so insulted and shocked.
We don't have that kind of money, and we were in need of serious help.
While I agree that classes, meetings,and/or therapy are necessary for a successful recovery, a little help, patience, and understanding would go a long way.
We ended up going to a low-cost clinic (Center for Behavioral Health) and found a different place to get therapy and psychiatry care at (Central Psychiatry which ACCEPTS Culinary), and things have been okay since.
Just stinks we did have to use money out of our pocket when insurance was available.
I normally wouldn't put competitors on reviews, but in case someone else has a similiar experience, I want to be able to tell them there is still good help out there.
They treat a wide variety of mental health and substance problems, so I don't know what the rest of their operation and care is like.
I'm sure there are many success stories coming out of this place, just didn't happen to anyone I know.
I didn't meet every staff member and doctor there, but again, I'm sure there are great ones there, and I feel bad that this doctor caused their practice to have such a negative review.

I have horrible issues with anxiety and going to the shrink exacerbates it instantly.
That said, I was compelled to write this review resulting from a super positive experience.
After two visits and four phone calls, I must say that my experience with this clinic was exemplary.
I chose this office based on affordability and was blown away by them.
Every single member of the staff was polite, efficient and helpful both on the phone and in person.
Dr.
Still was really easy to communicate with, which is extremely essential to my success in a psychiatrist/ patient relationship.
In addition, he went out of his way to accommodate my budget given my lack of insurance.
Lastly, he did something that is absolutely unheard of in a psychiatrist's office-- he strongly recommended several alternative treatment options and provided references from personal experience for each.
Five stars!

I've been going to this place since 2010.
I first had an AMAZING psychiatrist, listened to me, cared as to what I had to say and then he moved out of state.
Since then, it's been rough.
I've had to switch insurance companies because I became pregnant and needed maternity so I've had four other doctors since the switch since one went on leave, another took my insurance and then didn't take my insurance, the other is only available certain times/days  After my pregnancy the medicine i was taking was ok but i think i needed something else, but I told him i was doing ok he decided to UP the dose, Why would you up the dose when the dose i'm on is doing me good.
I called to set up an appointment ASAP because I wasn't feeling right and needed to see my doctor as soon as possible, they're really good when it comes to that kind of stuff and getting you in ASAP.
One time was when the pharmacy wrote the wrong directions on my prescription and i called to verify how to take it.
I called them first thing in the morning on a Friday and it took them Monday afternoon to call me back.
This medicine i was told that you cannot mess up the dosage unless you want to break out in a rash or start the dosing system all over again.
It seriously only takes even one of his assistants to look at my chart and just call me back.
I still go here only because I don't really feel like switching practices and I'm just starting therapy so my review might change after they finally are able to diagnosis what is wrong with me and I can stay with one doctor instead of switching constantly.

I came here under a referral from a friend of mine.
Was suffering from depression so I decided to give therapy a shot.
The psychiatrist I met with was Dr. Ho.
Upon first meeting him, I didn't really have much of an opinion.
He prescribed Prozac to help with my mood swings.
I tried it for 4 weeks and I began to have more panic attacks and thoughts of suicide.
When I went back to see him he didn't seem that at all concerned.
We tried something else and I didn't like the way it made me feel.
I left messages with the front office staff who is very pleasant but Dr. Ho never returns calls.
I canceled my last appointment and took myself off the meds.
I'm not going back.

This place in insane!
Apts for my husband are three months out though he suffers from severe ADHD (very simalar to Bipolar).
He battles with impulse control issues, and has bought a mercedes on one of his manic like binges.
Yet Dr. Ho feels it okay to only see him once every three months and not speak to his wife.
Any good doctor with ADHD knows very well that the patient will almost always tell you everythings just fine when the truth is their world could be crumbling around them.
I reached out to get counseling of my own since I am struggling with coping with my husband's disorder and the effects it has on our family.
I was given an apt then called and cancelled on and told they'll have something next month or so.
Seriously?
Clearly they don't live in my house or with my husband because I'm lucky I make it through each day.
I'm at my wits end and need help.
Told to wait til next month.
Who does this?
I asked to speak with a supervisor and was told I can't hold on the line.
They have other calls.
This place should be shut down!

