YESSSSSSS!
Thank you nail universe for FINALLY uniting me with a nail salon that has competitive prices, friendly staff, and impeccable end results.
I have been living in AZ for 8 months now and finding a new nail artist, hair artist, brow waxer, etc.. etc.. has been nothing short of an absolute disaster.
While sitting at work the other day I was overwhelmed and stressed and decided I needed a little pampering.
I looked up nail salons close to my work on Yelp and I came across teres: A Nail Bar.
They are in downtown Scottsdale right off of North Scottsdale Rd and Indian School.
Super easy to find location!
I looked at their website online for prices before calling to make an appointment and I was impressed with their over all layout and their prices.
They are right on the mark!
You're paying for a quality service and they aren't charging ridiculous amounts just because of their location.
Had the prices been around everywhere else I have researched, I wouldn't have gone in.
I've noticed a huge lack of talent in the beauty industry here in AZ with much higher prices than I'm accustomed too.
Don't get me wrong, I will pay for good service and a good product!
That's no lie.
Finding teres has seriously been a nail dream come true.
My amazing artist Mindy gave me the most beautifully manicured gel nails!
I chose a great solid mint green color which will be perfect for the upcoming Easter holiday.
She has been working in the industry for a very long time and has also owned her own salon for many years.
She was very patient with me (I went in there with tips and acrylics on!
) when it came to soaking off my previous manicure and to top it off she was super informative and gentle.
My nails feel strong and the end result is beautiful.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't showing off my nails every chance I get.
They have been open for two weeks now and I hope their grand opening party goes amazingly tonight!
Go there!

I want to share my experience with Teres and, in particular, the owner.
I specifically called to make the appointment for all five of our party at one time.
I was assured that they would be able to do this by the owner.
I called to confirm the appointment two days in advance and again inquired about all five of us having our service at one time.
I again spoke with the owner who assured me that they would be able to handle it.
This was important as we had other plans for the day.
What happened is they only did three of us at first, then one us and then, after asking about the fifth person being done, we were told we had to wait because they were other clients that had arrived, that we had to wait, even though our appointment had been an hour before.
Essentially, this owner is not ethical nor professional.
It was clearly a case of not being honest from the beginning and then not acknowledging the misleading behavior when we arrived.
They advertise that a manicure and pedicure can be performed in an hour, but our experience lasted two and a half hours.
This clearly interfered with the rest of our day.
I would use your "hands & feet" and send this owner a message that good ethics is the preferred method of dealing with clients and go to another nail bar!

I'm a person who admires good construction, so when I walked in here for the first time I was blown away.
The people who put this place together knew what they were doing as far as modern functional design goes.
The environment is clean and warm, with custom granite pedicure stations replacing the typical junky imported massage chair style stations.
These feel a lot more sanitary.
My experience was good from start to finish, and for a fair price.
Their member pricing of $15 for a manicure, $25 for a pedicure is less than what I'm used to paying at similarly upscale salons.
As a male, I really only get the basics so I can't comment too much on their more advanced services, but I imagine they do a good job because the staff was on top of everything.

Ok so I am a guy who likes to get pampered from time to time!
Anything wrong with that?
hell no!
So listen up guys and gals!
I found this place called Teres A nail bar located in Old Town Scottsdale and found it here on yelp.
I was wantin to get  mani/pedi and had gone to FOUR different spots before finding these guys.
They all turned me away for some reason.
Geez!
you think I had bear claws or something huh?
I did not!
haha!
Teres was AWESOME!!!
It was so relax, so zen like, it was truly a wonderful experience and GUYS i KNOW y'all like to get you some mani/pedis so DONT LIE!
lol...this place SERIOUSLY is the place to go when you're looking for a great place with awesome AWESOME staff, the owner is one of the sweetest humans i think i have ever met!
She was so accommodating!
Her staff!
was awesome and the prices were perfect!
The atmosphere, motif, the entire thing was A++++++!
if it seems like i am being a tad dramatic then well, deal with that haha!
I am being serious here!
This place FAR beats goin to one of the little asian ladies who get you in super fast and kick ya to the curb even faster.
Teres, they take their time, they seem to really want to get to know you, they are accommodating as mentioned, they are sweet people who work there and they take a very clear and obvious interest in their clients and their work.
You can tell they enjoy working for the owner, they love working in a awesome atmosphere and a hella kick ass location!
and the prices!!
AWESOME!
SO GUYS, girls who are wantin that right place to go for the mani and for the pedi...seriously!
please check this place out!
you will not be dissatisfied!
i promise you that!
I honestly am looking forward to my next appointment :) They do these awesome salt or sugar scrubs on your hands and/or feet and WOW!
I'm telling you is sweet!
no pun intended!
but its definitely something I did not expect to get while goin for a mani/pedi....so when you go, which you will!
make sure to get either the salt or the sugar scrub...you guys will love it!
I seriously cannot say enough about this place other than how genuinely pleased i was about my visit there and how wonderful the staff was :-) I will definitely be going back and you guys will definitely be going!
TRUST ME!
YOULL LOVE IT!!!
:-) :-) it SO beats going to one of the places that don't spend their time on you like these girls do :-) So, CHECK IT OUT!!
:-) :-)

Best gel manicure I've ever had!
They last a long time.
The staff is super friendly and the price is very resonable for the quality.

I was sooo impressed with the quality of the salon for the price.
Great location, the place is really nice, and the staff is friendly.
My fav part was the variety of glitter colors for unique nail designs.
I bought a membership, and def plan to become a regular!
Overall great experience...highly recommended.

Enjoyed another nail session at Teres yesterday!
Recieved the most wonderful pedicure and manicure from Mindy and had a lovely time chatting with the owner Courtney.
This place is amazing.
As I said before prices are super affordable and the service is always on par.
Thanks ladies!

So much fun!
I loved it!
Come here if you want to be pampered!

My boyfriend and I decided to get pampered together and found Teres on Yelp.
The interior of the bar is beautiful, very contemporary.
They have definitely created a nice, relaxing atmosphere.
Overall it was a good experience.
I really enjoy the way they do their services.
When you come in, you get a "bar tab" where you check off what services you want.
They've broken up all the different options (i.e.
gel polish, nail art, hand massage, etc) so it makes everything more affordable, customizable, and you know exactly what you're getting.
I got a manicure with gel polish and glitter and a normal pedicure.
My boyfriend got the regular mani and a pedi with callus remover.
One thing I found strange was when I got my manicure, the nail artist I had cut and shaped my cuticles dry.
Every place I've ever been to get a manicure involves soaking your skin in some warm water before the manicure begins.
Is this something new?
Is soaking your hands not actually apart of the manicure, but an additional item?
Anyway, I have really dry skin so for her to cut and shape my cuticles while they were dry was kind of uncomfortable (a little painful and definitely ouchies when they used alcohol on them).
The pedicure was done by a different nail artist and everything was perfect.
Tip: I got a free shea butter rub by checking in on Yelp!

Since recently moving to Scottsdale, I've been looking for a steady nail place but have had no luck finding one I can stick with (because of either price, service, quality, etc).
I decided to try teres since I heard great things from a friend.
As soon as you walk in you feel like you're on vacation.
The colors and decor are so calming.
Jamie was my nail tech, and I have to say, I was very impressed.
I was even more impressed when I went on vacation to Mexico the next day and my nails did not chip the ENTIRE time I was away!!
Now that's quality nail service.
I used to live in Old Town, which would have been extremely convenient, but even though I moved 10 minutes north, this place is definately worth the drive and I am thinkng of becoming member - I'm SO happy I finally found a nail bar I can count on!!
Thanks Teres!

This is the best manicure I have ever had.
The luxuries you can add on are wonderful and really allow you to customize your manicure or pedicure to your individual needs.
We came on Cinco di Mayo and received a free lime salt scrub add on, and it was wonderful.
I got a gel manicure and the attention to detail was tremendous.
We were offered a drink, had the membership option explained, and shown the add on selection all before we were shown back.
Everyone was so friendly and welcoming.
This place fills a niche that is so needed.
It isn't a sweatshop type nail bar where they get you in and out.
And it isn't a spa where they jack up the price.
It is right in the middle.
And it is perfect!

I am obsessed with this place!
It is super cute and the girls are very skilled.
I have never left there disappointed with my nails.
Teres has so many nail colors to choose from as well as special extras to make your pedicure or manicure extra relaxing.
My nails always last forever and I get tons of compliments on how great they look.
If you are looking for a new nail salon, this is the place to go!

This past weekend I went to Teres to celebrate my best friend's 30th birthday that she flew in from CA.
I read all the reviews on here and I was excited to think I was treating her to a great luxury for her birthday.
I was extremely wrong.
The place was great looking and they had a great selection of polishes to choose from.
The front lady was very nice and extremely helpful and that's where the great experience stopped.
Once I was lead to the back to start my manicure the manicurist threw her tools at me over the nail bar.
She seemed to be mad at me like I was wasting her time and all I had said was "hello".
I barely spoke as I was uncomfortable at the rudeness and didn't want to to make her more mad at me.
My best friend came to the bar shortly after and her lady was a little more friendly but not much.
After the manicure both of us still had hangnails and our nails weren't even shaped.
For the price we paid I would of hoped for better service.
Next we both got our toes done and the both ladies stayed with us through the process.
I would of thought they were being timed by how quick they went through the pedicure.
Plus I checked in for the first time on Yelp and was supposed to get a shea butter finish for doing so and that never happened.
Sorry Teres but we left very unsatisfied with our service and felt like we overpaid for bad service.
Maybe a year from now when it has settled in the space I'll return to see how the service is but most likely I won't.

Teres is my new favorite place to get my nails done!
The staff is super friendly and easy to talk to.
The nail techs are truly artists; I recently got a gradient glitter pedicure that I have received many compliments on.
And you can customize your mani/pedi with many add-ons like sugar scrubs and hot stone massages.
Teres is a little more expensive (but not much) than a strip-mall nail place; however the ambiance, and top-quality products make up for it (at the strip-mall places I would always get an allergic reaction to the cheap lotions.
)  You can become a member and receive discounted prices; but there is no pressure to do so.
Further, prices for all the services and add-ons are stated in a price menu so there are no surprises at the end.

Looooved it.
Everything was so cute in this place!
It was nice and relaxing.
I believe it was Mindy who did my pedicure...she did great.
The staff was quite friendly; not at all pretentious like some Scottsdale places.
They also squeezed me in for a pedicure very last minute.
:)  Like others said it's a bit more expensive than a strip mall salon, but well worth it for sanitary tools and higher quality products.
It would be nice if they had a wider selection of colors...Essie's collection is huge!
That's the only thing I can think to improve upon.

I am now a happy regular member of Teres.
I feel happy and calm just being in the beautiful salon.
Their staff is friendly and always remember me which I like.
They are able to do all the cool new nail trends.
Anything you see on Pintrest, they can and will do!
I get such crazy compliments on my nails and girls drool with envy!
I easily forgot about my old smelly nail place!!
Also, I only had one bad gel manicure where it started peeling a couple days later and Courtney (the owner) let me have a re-do for free.
I thought that was very generous.
I highly reccomend!

This was THE worst mani/pedi experience of my life.
I arrived on time for my appointment and was not greeted until after ten minutes of sitting in the reception area.
And then was told by the owner I couldn't have the 5 minute massage I requested because there wasn't enough time.
Really?!
Someone could have been massaging my feet in the time it took you to greet me?
And also, I was unaware when I made my appointment I had to request extra time for a five minute foot rub?!?
Not normal.
The staff was totally unprofessional.
My manicurist and the manicurist she was stationed next to used foul language and spoke negatively about the owner which made me feel incredibly uncomfortable.
They didn't even soak my hands to soften my cuticle.
Went straight into pushing them back and cutting them making them bleed.
They didn't even clean under my nails.
The pedicure didnt draw any blood but was as equally awful, not relaxing, and uncomfortable.
The worst part about it all is I paid over $60 for this torture.
Basically I paid that ridiculous amount to have my nails painted.
Something I could have just don't myself.
Never.
Again.

In one word:  fun.
This place is definitely worth checking out if you are into your nails like me.
The concept reminds me a LOT of DryBar (girlie focus, fun feel/atmosphere, fast service), but instead of blowouts they do polish.
I was so excited about my completed manicure that I texted photos to friends and also posted it on my Facebook!
My technician was able to re-create a nail style with glitter that I had pinned on Pinterest 7 months ago, and after lusting after the look this entire time, I finally was able to wear it.
The "claim to fame" of Teres is that they can pretty much do any style/trend that you see on Pinterest, and as I texted my friend, "this place is glitter HQ!
"  If you like glitter, welcome to your heaven.
They have a fun Look Book on their iPad if you need some creative inspiration.
I have to admit that the actual manicure/pedicure (the prep work process:  cuticles, filing, etc.
) wasn't discernably better than one of those strip mall walk-in places, so it is a little more razzle dazzle than quality.
However, the final resulting look was definitely superior due to the variety of polish colors available and add-ons/style that they provide on top of the polish.
The experience was one of the best I have had because of the fun atmosphere and the joy from my inner 12-year-old who gets giddy around glitter!

I am definitely a fan of this nail spot.
I have become a bit of a regular customer and have a few favorite nail designers that I specifically request.
The time taken to complete their services and the finished product are impressive.
I don't agree with some other reviews that mentioned problems with professional conduct.
At almost EVERY other nail place (unless you're at the PHOENECIAN) people are screaming in Vietnamese (unless you know what they are saying I believe THAT is more unprofessional and quite rude).
This is a NAIL BAR!
Women can let loose here and chat about whatever they please.
I do agree that foul language is not acceptable for employees, but I'd like to come here feeling comfortable enough to talk about anything I want.
Frankly, its nice to actually SPEAK to someone while getting my nails done and not feel like I'm not being understood (i.e.
English language barriers at other salons).
I've had several good experiences and I ALWAYS get compliments on my nails.
I think I have referred at least 5-6 other clients to Teres so far!
I DO agree that the selection of nail polish could be increased and the quality of maintenance done to trim cuticles, clean under nails, etc could be stepped up a notch (especially during pedicures).
All in all, they are still a new business and I think its amazzinnggg that they are conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale.
I have never been to a nail salon quite like this one.
I will continue to patronize and refer new clients to Teres.

Conceptually, I think this place is great.
Beautiful design, clean, efficient system.
I am very disappointed with their work, though.
My gel manicure was $35 and looked rough from the moment I walked out the door.
See photo from 8/2 of light pink polish.

Love this place!
Friendly techs and staff, clean, good music and nicely decorated.
Will be my go to nail spot.

I am happy and so are my nails!
Old Town needed a nail salon like Teres.
Teres lives on the north west corner of Indian School and Scottsdale Road (across the street from Paradise Bakery).
Unlike the building's exterior, the interior exudes a complete sense of girliness and provides the perfect atmosphere for a mani and pedi day...that's affordable!
Yes, I said affordable.
Walking into Teres, I would have thought that the price of their manis and pedis ran high, but they are actually completely comparable to a "cheap" mom and pop shop nail salon.
Gel manicures are about $38 and a pedicure ranges between $20 and $24, depending on your service.
But I'm only touching upon the most minor of details as to why I love it here.
Quality.
That is my word for Teres.
They provide top notch quality in everything they do.
I entered the salon to be greeted by a friendly receptionist.
I filled out some paper work so they could keep me in their system and choose from a menu of different options.
I decided to go with a gel manicure, with a sugar rub (for moisture) and received an enhancement with the sugar rub, so I choose an "immune system" one.
I have to stay healthy after all!
While I waited for my service, I watched Ever After play on the tv and had the option to look through several current magazines.
My manicurist for the appointment was Jamie who is very friendly and knowledgeable.
Throughout my manicure, I learned about the concept of Teres.
You can choose between a variety of services, but then customize your experience with different salt rubs and enhancements.
They also offer a variety of nail designs, including funky sparkles, "party" nails, designs, polka dots and more.
One thing I typically hate about doing gel nails is the process it takes to dry them under the light.
However, Teres invested in new LED lights which means 1/4 of the wait time...only 30 seconds under the light for each quote!
Compare that to the normal 2 minutes and I will never get my gel nails done anywhere else again!
I wanted to match the color to my toes, so Jamie decided that the best bet was to do one color and then add one coat of another color to match the toes.
Did it work?
Yes it did!
They matched perfectly.
I was also very impressed with the amount of gel colors they have.
There must have been 30 or 40 different colors to choose from!
Jamie also wrote down the colors and treatment I received, in case I want to do the same one on my next visit, or a friend sees my nails and wants the same color.
Everything here was simple, sophisticated and seamless.
Plus, did I mention affordable?
I didn't get a pedicure but I will be back soon to have one.
The interior design was girly and screamed "host a bachelorette party nail party here!
" It's the perfect environment for a girly day with several friends, one friend or just yourself!
I also like how the staff is very friendly and welcomes you with making you feel uncomfortable.
I'll be back soon Teres!

This place is fabulous.
It is so clean and the girls are all so nice.
I also like that they give you a look book on an Ipad that you can look at to choose how you want your nails/toes painted.
The atmosphere is so chic.
The receptionist told me the owner's mother is an interior decorator and she was responsible for how awesome it turned out.
She really did a great job.
They are open early (9am).
I love it.
I don't know any other nail salons that are open that early.
Awesome!!
It really is affordable.
I added on all sorts of fun stuff but a basic manicure/pedicure is definitely competitively priced.
I got a pedi and it was so relaxing.
I can't wait to go back!

Obsessed.
Just got home and had to hop on here to write about my experience.
Teres is like drybar meets restoration hardward meets nail world which is a perfect combo if you ask me :)   received a gel mani and regular pedi from jamie and just loved getting to know her during my services, awesome gal and I can't wait to get back in there to chat up the latest and greatest on fashion police with her.
:) I received a basic pedi and loved how my toes looked afterwards, didn't do any extra's this time but maybe on my next pedi I'll add something on.
my mani is awesome, perfect for the weddings I have coming up-we did a gray with a rose gold glitter and the combo is so unique looking, I think we both were surprised at how well the combo worked together.
the gal at the front desk was super sweet as well, great recommendation on asking for thicker gels since I'm a hairdresser and in and out of water all day long.
helped get my membership set up and I booked my next mani appt with jamie before I left.
and finally....so simple and silly, but couldn't help but mention how amazing the aloe and mango water is lol.
(?I I think that's right?
)    thanks so much for making such a great space with awesome service....now you just need to get one up north in the qtr area so I don't have to drive as far from cave creek.

Um, so this place is the bomb and I have to thank my sister-in-law, the lovely Mya T. for the recommendation.
Ashley gave me the best gel manicure I have every had.
Granted I've never been to one of those fancy expensive salons, although when I first walked into Teres I thought this might be one of those, but I'm sure the outcome would be the same, incredibly OCD gel manicure perfection!
The time and detail Ashley put into making my nails look amazeballs was refreshing.
She admitted she can be OCD with nails and actually apologized for the time with the extra layers.
Wait, what?
Huh?
I'm one of those serial chop shop nail "salons" customers, so I'm used to being pushed out the door or having some say "you pay now" not " I'm going to apply another layer because I think it will make the color look better".
Heck yeah!
Oh and the "extra time" was nothing!
Teres has these amazing UV lights that get the job done in 30 seconds, not 1-2 minutes!
I love that they have tons of gel colors to choose from and the amount of glitter they have for a swag nail or just fancy nail art is overwhelmingly fun!
They have an iPad up by the receptions for nail inspiration if you aren't sure about what you want.
It has photos of previous customers fun nail designs.
Thanks to Pinterest, I have quite the nail manicure folder at home and I brought the picture in that I wanted and Ashley made it happened with 100% accuracy!
It was also nice to be able to converse and understand what my nail tech was saying.
She learned about my profession and recommended that my polish be applied with more layers to make the polish last longer.
I'm already a week out and my nails look just like they did when I first left Teres.
Usually my gel manicures last about five days max so I don't routinely get my nails done because it doesn't make any sense financially.
However, Teres is only a couple more dollars more than those other nail shops I was venturing to and my manicure has already exceeded its life expectancy (in my mind) so I will definitely be back!

I loved this gorgeous place!
I'd go back again but I recently moved :( My gellish nails lasted two weeks and my regular pedicure lasted for a month!!
Amazing.

Just moved to AZ and found this place on Yelp!
Hard to find someone who can do Men's mani/pedis but this place did a fantastic job!!!
Only things I didn't like were:   1:It was priced about $13 more ($48+tip for men's mani/pedi here) than what I usually pay.
And 2: No jets on the feet tubs; however they Rubber Duckie they put in the tub made up for no bubbles!!!
LoLz!!!
I had 2 different girls and they each did a fantastic job.
I will definitely be coming here regularly.
What's up with nail places asking for "memberships"???
Hmph....  (First Yelp Post!!!

I really hate to say this place it GREAT, only because I don't want it to get "over-crowded" so that I can't get in!!!
LOL!
THIS is THE place I've been looking for!!!
I got a gel-mani, which looks absolutely awesome btw; I can't remember the name of the "artist" that did my nails, but she was very creative!!
I will DEFINITELY be going back to treat myself to the "whole ball of wax" (mani-pedi).
They are even going to be open on Sundays soon!
I have to say, it was VERY refreshing not to have to:  a)wonder if the staff was talking about me while doing my nails  b) talking on their cellphones while doing my nails!!
c) wonder if I could leave a gratuity on my card (I could) I'm hooked!!

The place was clean and decent.
Express Mani doesn't include any cuticle work.
They didnt clean under any of our nails before applying polish.
Hope your not going for the massage either.
Its quick and fast.
$158 plus tip for 3 people and none of us were happy.

I got a manicure here a few weeks ago and I was very impressed!
It was just the basic, but Sharon did a great job at explaining how they are different than your average nail salon, and she paid great attention to detail.
My manicure lasted me well over a week.
If you are into the extra luxuries, I can see how this can be a little pricy, but you can go in for a basic mani and pedi for under $30, which I think is a good deal, so I will definitely be back.

I went here with my mom as a birthday/ mom day celebration.
The decor is beautiful and had a great experience there.
For the price of the services you get a great deal!
English speaking people, a soothing atmosphere, and a great location right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.
I also liked that the owner is an ASU grad, Go Sun Devils!

This is my new nail salon!
I live in Central Phoenix, but found myself in Scottsdale yesterday morning with a broken nail.
I did a little web research and found Teres.
I am extremely unhappy with the cleanliness of the place I have been going to.
I especially HATE when a technician uses her own fingernail to clean or wipe away extra polish on mine.
That didn't happen here, so that's the first test.
Everything was clean, sterilized and well presented.
The design is upscale enough so that you feel pampered without breaking the bank.
The color choices are great and they use quality materials.
The place is comfortable and friendly.
A couple of scheduling bugs to work out, i think, but no big deal.
All they need is a wine bar to go with it, and maybe some basic waxing services.
I highly recommend checking this place out

I have tried really, really, really hard to like Teres.
Honestly I have!!
The location is great and located very close to my house.
The interior is gorgeous, upscale, and modern, with an inviting atmosphere to really help you relax, even for just an hour.
Although the decor is lovely, it doesn't make up for the fact that I have NOT ONCE liked how my nails turned out.
I've visited Teres twice, once for a mani/ pedi and another time for a gel french manicure (I told you I've tried!).
On my first round with the mani/ pedi, I got my nails painted solid colors.
Didn't seem to complicated to me, considering they are a nail bar after all, but I was wrong.
I felt like my little sister could have painted my nails better.
Some polish had gotten on my fingers and I had to point out to the lady to remove it for me.
Also, by the end my nails just looked sloppy.
There were large blobs of excess polish at the ends of my nails, nothing really looked smooth or even professional.
Despite my first experience, I came back for a gel french manicure.
Wow what a mistake!
I don't really even know what to say... the white at the end of my nails again looked sloppy, uneven and just embarrassing.
I left Teres and went straight to another nail salon to get them repainted!!
I really wanted to like Teres... o well...
I tried...moving on

After searching long and hard for a nice nail salon to go to we came across Teres.
After reading reviews and looking at the website we thought it would be a nice relaxing place to go....unfortunately this was not the case.
We went for gel manicures and a regular pedicure.
The manicurist I was with seemed rushed, rude and incompetent at her job.
During the manicure she clipped my finger when cutting my cuticles and caused me to bleed, the polish job was sloppy and excess was left on my fingers and not removed.
Due to her difficulty painting my nails she switched with another manicurist to finish the remainder of my manicure.
My pedicure was ok but still not worth the money.
If the job of was done well this would be a great nail salon, however 3 of us left unsatisfied and it is safe to say we will not be returning.

This experience is great!
Different from an Asian salon.
Affordable pricing and they can do some cool things with glitter.
The experience is nice as you get to customize everything.
They use hand sanitizer instead of water and use all new disposable pieces while they work on your nails.
I will come back to paper myself, they also have a membership program.
Overall I liked the experience because the ambiance is more relaxing than an Asian nail place and not as clustered.

I went here with low expectations because of the few poor reviews.
I was so wrong.
I love this place!
Vikki was amazing and helped me pick out the perfect polish/glitter combo!
Everyone there was so nice.
I just had a mani to try them out.
I'll be making an appt for a pedi this weekend!

This place is totally overpriced and was a waste of 2 hours.
I got there 10 minutes before my appointment and they made me wait a good 15 minutes after my scheduled appointment.
By the time my gel manicure was done and it was time for my pedicure they were closing up shop and turning off the music and the movie that was playing.
It made me feel like they were just waiting on me and I was wasting their time.
It wasn't my fault they were running behind and they shouldn't rush a customer out who ended up spending $100 on a pedicure and a gel manicure... WAY TOO EXCPENSIVE!!!!
The nail tech was totally unprofessional too she was asking about my relationship with my boyfriend and was out of line with the comments she was saying.
I will never go back and would recommend you don't either.

The atmosphere was very nice and the staff was very friendly.
It looks like a place to get pampered, but it is too expensive for what you get.
I got a gel manicure and a pedicure, but they were just okay.
Nothing special about them at all.
I have had better mani/pedis at the cheap hole-in-wall down the street that cost a third of the price.

Great nails place in Old Town.
Teres offers reasonable prices for their mani/pedis.
Everyone can customize their visit at Teres.
They have  different infused soaks guests can select from.
The staff is very knowledgeable about their nails and always offer suggestions for designs.
At Teres they offer a dry manicure.
It was the best manicure I have ever had.
I love that they keep your information in a database and remember the services you had from previous visits.
You can purchase a a membership or you can pay per visit.
I am so glad Old Town has a fantastic nail bar that won't put a dent in your pocket.

I realy enjoyed Teres' I love the decor and relaxing environment.
I feel better as soon as I walk in the door.
The prices are very reasonable.
I love that they have a nail "bar" tab.
you mark off what you want then take your tab to the front when your done.
Sharon did an awesome job on my toes.
I will definetly be back soon.

I got a $35 gel manicure from Jaime.
It was a great experience.
The decor of the place is perfect: upscale and relaxing.
The concept is creative but makes perfect sense: it's a bar.
You choose what you want and can add extras as you'd like.
Jaime did an amazing job and my nails look great!
I will absolutely be returning.

Okay I will say that I was one of the first customers when they opened their doors last year.
I was begging for a cute nail salon to pop up not far from home that could do custom things!
Teres appeared and answered all my prayers.
I've never had an issue with my nails here, but the one thing I could do without is the frozen forehead over lip plumped front desk girl, she's not so great but everyone else is awesome!

I love Teres!
I have a membership here and it is so worth it!
The salon is so clean and the ambiance is impeccable!
I always look forward to getting my nails done, and coming into Teres.
I always book with Jamie and she is amazing!
She always takes her time with me....my nails always look amazing and the gel stays for so long!
I tell all of my friends about Teres  and I suggest that you check them out!

The only reason for the 2 star rating is because they are too expensive for what you get.
The place was very cool looking and chic, but when I go into a nail salon and get a pedicure, I expect to get a little massage with the lotion application.
You have to pay $8 extra for 5 min massage and $14 for 10 min!
Also they didn't do any nail area clean up.
They just pushed back my cuticles.
I was in and out of there in like 25 mins and ended up paying $42 with tip for what I felt wasn't worth that price.
In the end, it's a great place to hang out with a couple girlfriends only if you have lots of money to blow.

Teres is designed to get you in and out and that is good except I enjoy an old fashioned pedicure where I do not have to spend an hour choosing things that used to be included in getting a pedicure.
Their menu is quite extensive offering things like  an extra 5 minutes massage, shea butter lotion, etc, all for minimal additional costs.
When I book a pedicure I assume it includes soak, massage, lotion, etc and I would rather pay $75 for a full pedicure than have to "create" one that starts at $20 and after I add on all the "extras" that are normally included,  it's $75 anyway.
I know this may sound negative but it isn't intended to be so let me go forward.
My personal peeve is that I don't like nickel & diming so give me a price and I will pay for the service.
BUT...Teres had some of the nicest people working there and it was absolutely beautiful.
The colors, the feel, the energy were all wonderful and the two young women who did me and my friend's pedicure were so sweet and fun.
Once we figured out what we wanted, it was a great pedicure.
I loved the nail color choices and thank you to the receptionist who was so patient and wore a welcoming smile.
Would I return?
ABSOLUTELY!
I'm sure this kind of a la carte service is where the new generation is going and, although it isn't my favorite way, it is still a great place to go and unwind.
My advice?
If you are a dinosaur like me, run by a few days before (or go online) and look at their menu so you know what you want before you go.
Again, beautiful!

place is nice.
staff is stuck up and rude.
i really like this place its very upscale.
i don't know the person who did my nails cause she didn't tell me.
she forgot what services i wanted "but theres a bar tab' doesn't make any sense.
i was supposed to get a hot stone massage and a sugar scrub but i guess she really didn't care on what i wanted.
this has to be the worst nail salon i been to ever.
i mean paying "50" just for regular services i added two luxury services but.
oh well she where's glasses middle age woman.
i think it was very unprofessional e  and i will defiantly not go back.

I've been to this place three times and I've been happy with the service each time.
They can accommodate pretty much any nail design you want and their prices are reasonable.
The location is great and right in Old Town Scottsdale but it's slightly hidden so keep an eye out.
I love the fact that I can make reservations online too.

Definitely a fun place - and super comfortable too.
My mani was sloppy but my pedi was good.
Maybe that's because I can see my fingers better than I can see my toes?
Not sure.
I might try this place again... and I might not.

I expected a lot more for what they charge everything was ala carte.
They don't even put a soaking solution in the pedicure bowl just water.
Very pretty though.

Where to begin......Ok, so the one review that irritates me is the one that poked fun at the girl at the front desk...Really?
You must resort to picking apart her looks b/c you didn't like the way she made you feel?
I mean lets stick to the specifics.
Her name is Jordan and she is a very pretty young lady and I felt that she went above and beyond her responsibilities to give me a good over view as to how the Nail Bar worked.
She showed me the look book on the iPad when I had no clue what I wanted or what they could do in terms of nail designs.
I was also talked through the different menu options and felt fully satisfied with the level of initial service provided.
Jordan, you were fun and I loved how you popped in the back every so often and threw some silly banter our way.
Once I went to the back I was received by DANIEL who was a total JOY to work with.
He was HYSTERICAL, although a dry sense of humor to some,  I truly enjoyed him.
When he pulled out the Manicure utensils from a Sterilized package that looked like it came from the surgery clinic,I knew I would love this nail salon.
I mean they are serious about providing top of the line hygiene and cleanliness to the customers.
LOVED this and felt very confident that I wouldn't leave here with any fungus like so many other run of the mill salons easily pass on to customers.
I felt that this NON-Asian salon was well worth my time and experience and will definitely return when back in town.
So lets get back to DANIEL.
(By the way, I am not in any way affiliated with this business so this is an unbiased review from a real customer who is from out of state.
)  DANIEL knows nails and took extra care to give me the best mani/pedi I have ever gotten.
Trust me I am an Oldie and have had many a mani/pedi in my time.
He was not only Funny, joking about being puked on by a client and explaining he wanted to make sure she was ok, but also reminiscing about the whole calamity and how it unfolded...it was just funny to hear that he didn't have any shame in being real and to make fun of himself was 90% of his humor.
He didn't have anything scripted so it wasn't like he was putting on a show for me but the entire time he worked we would chat and I found myself laughing a lot about him or an experience or just some random thought that came to mind.
I have to admit, when I found I had a guy doing my nails and then saw it was white boy, I was really questioning if I was going to be satisfied.
I can say truly that hands down, he was worth every penny I spent and was every bit a joy to have working with me.
He took such care to provide me with an excellent service and the quality of his work shows.
The salon itself was very friendly and even though DANIEL worked with me, we all found ourselves chatting with one another and I noticed everyone really seems to enjoy one another there.
How often does that happen?
These nail techs are a great group of people and I was very satisfied.
Thank you to the Teres Nail Bar family as you made my afternoon a really enjoyable one.

I ended up having a wonderful 1st time experience.
My nail stylist was friendly, meticulous (which i love) and made me feel comfortable.
My nails have been done for 5 days and not one chip with a non-gel manicure.
I don't do manual labor.
Type at a keyboard and go to the gym and they still look good.
I will absolutely be back.
Worth every penny.

I have only been to Teres twice (so far), but I can honestly say that I have never had such a good time at a nail salon.
A good friend of mine recommended Amanda, and I am SO glad she did.
Within 10 minutes of my first time there, we were laughing with everyone around us having a blast (probably too much fun!).
I could not wait until my next appointment because I had SO much I wanted to tell her about my weeks and was so excited for the next masterpiece of nail art.
She's been doing nails for 14 years and her experience definitely shows!
She truly loves what she does and has even inspired me to become a nail tech.
If you're going to Teres, make sure you call in advance for a spot with their best tech, AMANDA!

I took my mom here for a mother/daughter pre-mother's day treat.
It was an OK place.
Just OK.  Beautiful decor, very cool and contemporary...
But I've had far better manicures for a little less money and from a lot friendlier nail techs.
Bubbles in my polish (pet peeve) & only a decent job done on my cuticles.
Maybe it was because it was the end of the day, maybe it was me, but these girls didn't smile once.
Cute place, but I doubt I'll be back.

Decor - 5 star Gel Nail Polish selection - 5 star Glitter & Nail Art:  - 5 star Price - 3 star Overall Nail Experience: 3 Star  Pros: Great nail color, art & glitter selections, atmosphere & salon are chic and stylish Cons: touch overpriced as they charge you for every little extra where many of those are included elsewhere.
Nail polish didn't stay on full 2 weeks; chipped after about a week.
Will still come back but won't expect 5 stars.

On one hand, Teres is gorgeously set up, very clean, and gives you a very upscale first impression...
I would go so far as to say that its vibe is the nicest spot for nails in Old Town without going to a hotel/resort and certainly should appeal to that whole bridal party/birthday demographic.
I also respect the fact that they do something a little different and have all sorts of unique options available for you.
On the other hand... it also makes me feel cheap.
In order to get a solid pedicure I have to ramp up the basic option by piling on extras via the ala carte "bar tab".
We aren't talking Patties dive bar tab style, no we're talking drinks-at-the-pool-at-the-W bar tab price point.
Not to say the drinks at the W aren't worth every penny or that I actually enjoy Patties (where dreams go to die, but that is a whole different story).
Im just saying how do I end up spending 50 bucks a pop and not even get a real foot massage with my somewhat decent polish job?
In fact I've also felt rushed out the door almost every time, and since there isn't a dryer of any sort for the pedicure crew, it always makes for some cringeworthy touch and go moments.
Which then leads me down the inevitable road... why did I just spend $50 dollars to feel pressured, rushed, nervous, anxious, and lastly like my money doesn't spend the same.
Case in point, the first time I came in I did not get offered this little survey card thingy.
I didn't know I was missing out until another afternoon Friday treat, I brought a friend for her first time and on the way out she got offered some future discount if she filled it out.
I immediately asked for one, not for the 5 dollars off or whatever incentive it was...
If the 5 dollars mattered that much I shouldn't be getting a pedicure in the first place, but because I genuinely wanted to comment on a few things in the spirit of fairness.
I got told only first time clients get them.
I re-clarified, you can keep the discount I just want to share some feedback.
No dice, sorrrrrry.
well huh.
Here is what I would have said (verbatim what I typed into my iphone notes while I was getting the pedi I might add):  Great job bringing a fun spot like this to the area, it's needed.
A couple things I've noticed having been here a few times: some of the nail techs can be a bit uptight or seem like they are in an argument with each other and as I have gotten this vibe on every visit it would seem its not just one off day (it has also spilled onto trying to have a pleasant conversation with whomever I'm with), I would recommended having a dryer of some sort or an area for people to relax and let their feet dry... especially if you guys are busy and you need them out of their seat immediately but they aren't dry or their friends aren't done, and lastly I am coming here to treat myself and relax and with the level of the establishment you are going for... having to ask if there are any options for refreshment (sometimes repeatedly) makes me already feel like I'm imposing.
All that being said, thank you for your hard work & creative drive!
Now everyone has to see it.
The last experience tipped me over the edge, you don't want my money... ok I'll try other places.
What is taking this review back up to 3 stars is recently after trying to make last minute appointments everywhere in town besides Teres with an out of town visitor, I caved when she kept pulling ya'll up on Yelp.
You nicely accommodated us and with the exception of her pedicure taking 20-30 minutes longer than mine so I had to bounce around like musical chairs trying to not be in the way... it was actually a pleasant experience and my toes still look great.
The employee that took care of me was awesome, she's blond and always has cool glittery eye makeup, and she made me feel relaxed for once.
I will try Teres again... maybe one of these amazing acrylic-gel manis I keep hearing about (that is if you'll still have me for being a grump here) as I really do like the concept, but for now... a ok it is.
No shame in that.

Place itself is beautiful and clean that's a PLUS I went in there because they had a birthday promotion where you get a free mani if you book a pedi so that's what I did!
First of all: the last thing I want to do is to stare at someone elses boobs for 60 min because the shirt she wears is 2 sizes to small so BIG negative Second: NO ONE explained how the hole pick your up grades works and no prices anywhere and not even the nail tech knew the prices so BIG NEGATIVE She didn't look at me once while she did my nails,she kept moving my fingers around without saying a word!
!How do I know what works best for here if she doesn't open her mouth!
!I don't want her to tell me her entire life story but a little conversation is a must to me,it seems like the staff didn't get along with each other very well and that creates a bad vibe and is poison for a business!
Ends up she PAINTS OVER MY CUTICLES and so it is the day after my visit and my fingers already look like s***!!
!Seriously am I the first person she pedicured??
The feet is the same story,I added a sugar scrub for $6 and a callus remove for $4,after she kept moving my feet around kinda ruff without saying a word she applied the sugar scrub which was nice but she didn't even take 5 minutes to massage it in a bit!My callus pretty much looked the same after I paid extra money to get it removed!
!They say every luxury comes with a therapeutic remedy so I had two luxuries but only got to pick one remedy,ok?
!I chose one but I seriously never smelled nor saw anything that could have been what I chose!
My toes look ok,but just ok!While I was getting my feet done I would have liked to read a magazine or offered some water but that didn't happen so a BIG NEGATIVE FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE,AGAIN!
I read about the membership they offer and they have special membership prices but no one tried to make me familiar with it,guess the don't need the returning business!!
I also think it is kinda pricey for what they offer!
So I probably will not return and I will not recommend them to my friends

Love this place.
I went in for a glitter  gel pedicure and glitter gel manicure from Brandi.
I loved the inside of the place, it felt clean and the decor was nice.
Yes, I did add some upgrades to my pedicure, but depending on what you get they aren't that much more ($4 extra for shea butter finish).
I also purchased a homemade salt scrub which smells lovely.
I will definitely be back!

I've been going to Teres for about 6 months and have had nothing but wonderful experiences.
Everyone is friendly and helpful.
I always go to DARLENE and she always knows exactly what I want and executes it flawlessly!!!
She definitely puts the ART in nail artist!!!
AMAZING!!!!!!

Nice atmosphere and I really liked my nail tech.
She was friendly and agreed with me on my disdain for Dolce Salon.
We had good conversation throughout my session, which I appreciate because sometimes it is weird to sit in silence.
She did a great job shaping my nails and cuticle work.
I think the prices are decent for a basic manicure, and pretty decent there now that places charge you extra for the little fun extras (like nail designs and glitter, etc).
I dont think I"ll be signing up for a membership, but I would definitely head back.
The front desk staff was friendly and helpful as well, and I liked having a "bar tab" so I can just mark down what I want ahead of time without being pressured to get more upgrades or things I dont want to spend money on.
My only complaint: why can't we look at the nail polish bottles and colors?!
It's kinda weird to pick a color from a plastic nail swatch before getting started.
I like my color, but the polish itself was dated, so it made it difficult to apply.
I probably would have gone with a newer bottle/color so the paint job turned out better.

The only reason I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 is because I would try this place again to see if maybe I just got stuck with an awful nail tech, but from my first visit, I'm NOT impressed at all.
Aesthetically the place is wonderful.
It's beautifully decorated and looks like something out of a Martha Stewart magazine and the employees are pleasant.
If it were graded on first impressions, I would give it a 5.
The price for a basic pedicure isn't that bad ($28 non member price) considering this isn't your typical Asian salon except even with 2 "luxuries" added for $10 more my pedicure was pathetic compared to what I can usually get at any old cheap strip mall salon for much less.
My nail tech was nice and polite, but the pedicure was not good.
The foot baths don't have jets in them and you sit on a long, high back (comfortable) bench, but there are no massaging chairs and you can't recline.
When booking the appointment, I was asked about any luxuries I'd like to add on because they could make the appointment take longer (perfectly reasonable question from someone making the schedule).
I was told the basic pedicure would be about 30-40 minutes and include a 5 minute foot massage.
The callous remover I added would not make the appointment any longer and no mention of a time change was mentioned for the sugar scrub I also added.
I could have added on an additional "luxury" for more money to get a longer massage, but even so the massage I did get was so short/bad/non existent I can't even remember getting one.
I certainly wouldn't have paid anymore to have her touch my feet for longer.
I don't believe she ever cleaned under my nails and certainly didn't push back and cut my cuticles.
I can only remember her cutting my nails and filing them.
The callous remover and sugar scrub cost $10 more and were not worth the added cost.
My callouses may be a tad smoother than they were to begin with, but are certainly not gone which is the usual result when getting my feet done.
The sugar scrub, while it did come out in a cute little ceramic dish with fresh herbs in it, was applied incredibly poorly and was nothing "scrubby" about it since the nail tech acted like she thought I would bruise if she applied any pressure whatsoever (same problem with the massage).
Even after telling her I like the massage part done firmly she made no noticeable change in how she was working.
Oh, and my lower legs were not included in the 5 minute massage or the sugar scrub application like is the case with EVERY other nail salon I've ever been to...high end or strip mall.
The nail polish, though I'm pleased with the color, was put on far too thick and got smooshed to the side and got the imprint of my couch cushions on them despite having a few hours to dry.
The polish and clear coat were left on my skin as well.
All said and done, my pedicure was over in 45 minutes (that included my 2 luxuries), I sat for a few minutes to let me nails dry a bit (there is no nail drying station) and spent $45 including the tip for a pedicure I feel I could have done equally well or better myself.
The real deal breaker for me (though I may try a different nail tech one day to see if I just got a dud) was how embarrassingly pathetic the massage/scrub part was.
I can spend less money and have a 60+ minute pedicure experience with 15 minutes of excellent  lower leg and foot massage and actually have my callouses removed, my polish look nice, a back massage from a reclining chair from a cheapy Asian nail salon and that's what I will go back to.
If you want to pay the extra money to feel good about what a fancy salon you go to, Teres is perfect.
It really is a beautiful place, but if you want to be impressed with the quality of the pedicure, just go to the local strip mall salon.

$34 for a 15 minute pedicure was a little on the steep and quick side, but the mango water they served us was delicious.
Also a beautiful and calming location.

So I know what you're thinking... "Why is a guy reviewing a nail salon?
"  So, a friend of mine recommended this place to me bacause I wanted a place close to where I live in South Scottsdale even though she hadn't been, she had heard it was decent.
Decent nothing!
I took my 4 year old baby girl with me as a surprise daddy date before dinner and dessert.
She flipped.
Sat totally still and got her nails done, in PINK of course with GLITTER!
"Everything should have glitter" she explained.
The front desk girl totally flattered my little nugget calling her princess and asking her questions while our stylist got the 'quick drying' nail paint out, an essential for a baby.
The staff was supa friendly and accomodating and weren't annoyed one bit I brought a little one in.
Def a recommend!

It my 1st manicure & I brought my 3yr old w/me..
They were happy to have her sit, pick out nail polish & do her nails.
The receptionist even let me know about a special they were running, they saved me money so I could enjoy the time w/my daughter.
My manicure was amazing!
We had so much fun together, I will definately be back all the time!

I went to Teres a few days ago with one my friends who lives in the area (I was visiting from out of town.
) She had mentioned she was a big fan of this place, so I was really excited to see what it was all about.
First of all, this place is gorgeous.
The dcor and ambiance was great.
Very modern and well done.
The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful.
They explained the whole "bar tab" concept, which I thought was pretty neat.
That's about where I stopped being impressed.
My friend and I were sat next to each other for manicures first.
Her nail tech was super friendly, introduced her self to me and chatted with both of us.
My nail tech was not as friendly and actually gave me the impression that she was irritated to be at work.
She kept snapping at me "relax!
" and she would stop and wait for me to take the tension out of my hand during my manicure.
At first I was taken aback by her attitude and when she continued this through my pedicure I started to get mad.
Even my friend was raising her eye brows.
It was very rude and made what was supposed to be a relaxing, treat for myself not very enjoyable.
Another tech was doing the same thing to a customer sitting next to me and I was really surprised.
It just sounds so condescending and pushy.
Who's paying who here?
Oh and my friend got a gel manicure and I just got mine buffed to a good shine because of my job (can't have polish) and so hers was taking longer.
Well my tech got both of the pedicures set up and then she paced around sighing and looking annoyed that we were waiting maybe another 10 minutes.
I would have gladly started early if she had asked.
The pedicure was decent.
Nothing spectacular about it unless you do a bunch of add ons.
What is usually about $30-35 at most places cost me $48, not including tip.
I wouldn't have minded paying so much if it had actually been a fabulous experience.
And to top it off, once I got in the car I saw that most of my cuticles had not been pushed back and nipped.
Like I said, I didn't even get polish so you would expect that everything else would have been done flawlessly.
Can't say I'll be going back here again unless my friend insists on it.

I was introduced to Teres a few months ago, now I'm completely hooked.
I go more than the average customer because I just can't get enough.
Jamie gives the best gel mani in town.
She can do glitter, nail art, pretty much everything.
Beyond her fabulous technique, Jamie is fun and personable.
I look forward to my catch up time and great nails every week when I visit Teres.
It's far and away the best nail place in town, and I've tried many!

This place is absolutely gorgeous!
Love the set-up, ambience and the option to customize the oil mixture that they use on your feet.
I paid extra for the hot stone massage, but didn't feel like it was worth the money unfortunately.
My nail tech was friendly, but I felt she didn't spend much time on the pedicure.
I think I would have been out of there in 15 minutes if I hadn't gotten the extra massage.
There wasn't any trimming of cuticles, very little filing and she didn't really clip my nails either.
The polish looks good and I'm hoping it lasts a while.
I haven't gotten a pedicure in months and was really looking forward to some pampering, but I left feeling a little disappointed and regretted spending the $40.
Based on other reviews, I'd come here if I wanted to get a glitter treatment, but for a standard pedicure I'd likely go somewhere else.

I've been here 3 times so far, and I wanted to wait until now to write my review.
My very first time to Teres - I had a pedi and a gel mani with a pretty blonde skinny girl.. and she did a very good job.
It was a little more than I had expected it to be (because of the "bar tab") but my nails looked great.
The second time, I was extremely disappointed with my tail tech and the way my nails turned out - it was so... ugly that I actually went back a few hours later to get it corrected, so I was appreciative of her efforts.
Tonight, I had Ashley was my tail tech and she was great - my nails look fabulous!
The nail salon is very very clean and so cute.
They use a new package of nail tools every time they begin to work on someone new.
The "bar tab" can get expensive - but it is also great if you want just a quick pedi with no extra special efforts - plus their luxuries truly seem to be of good product.
I had to wait about 20 minutes past my appointment time, but other than that - it was a great experience.

Staying at the W Hotel this weekend and wanted a good pedicure.
Used my iPhone maps to search close nail salons.
This one came up with good reviews so I called to book an appointment.
I believe the girl that did my pedicure was Allison.
She was so sweet and accommodating.
The girls at the front are very professional and polite as well.
From outside it doesn't look that nice but once you go inside it's very clean and gorgeous long room with pedicure stAtions on the right side and manicure 'bar' on the left side.
They also so waxing.
I love the idea of the little form you fill out with what add on you want.
I went for a pedicure ($28) and added on these "luxuries" paraffin dip ($10), callus removal ($4) and whipped shea butter finish ($3---free when u check in!!!
)  She took her time and painted my nails beautifully.
Really great job  They also have a membership program that I would totally recommend if you live there.
Def will come back here next time I'm in AZ!

You'll see from my reviews I have tried out a NUMBER of nail salons in the valley.
Up until recently I had only found one I really liked that would do the funky designs I like, but it's 20+min away.
I've heard a lot of mixed reviews about Teres but I had to see for myself.
I called Sunday morning and was able to get in for a gel mani that afternoon.
The interior is gorgeous, very laid back - not like annoying spa music though.
All of the techs were very friendly, I can't remember the name of mine unfortunately.
They have a 'bar tab' that you make selections for what services you want, kind of like an a' la carte menu.
She was very nice about explaining it and not just blowing through the details.
It could be very easily complicated if not explained so I appreciated her going through it.
I asked for matte black which they did not have the top coat to do it yet.
So she worked with me and filed it by hand and they look matte - awesome.
The pedi station was very cute, but it's more of a bench so no massage chair.
I'm not sure if the bench had been full how comfortable it would've been sitting that close to other people.
Then again, I like my massage chair and my own space.
Although I may not be back for a pedi I WILL be back for my nails.
Finally, a nail place within 2 miles of my house!

My family, friends and I were recently at Teres to kick off the beginning of my sister's wedding festivities.
We booked the appointments far in advance knowing we wanted a "fun" experience all together the day before the wedding.
I don't write many Yelp reviews, but after the experience we all had, felt compelled to share the experience.
The appointments for the 10 of us were made weeks in advance.
Upon getting there they took one girl back.
After she was done, they took the 2nd girl back.
Then about another half an hour later, they started to take the remainder of us.
Some of us waited 90 minutes before our appointment started with the intention of us all getting our nails done together.
But with a large group, this could be forgiven.
However, the girl up front had such an attitude.
We had a lot on our plates for the day before the wedding and the girl was totally offended when we were individually asking what time our appointments would start.
And, other employees were coming up and openly consoling her like she was dealing with a nightmare.
We were not being difficult customers.
The services and those who provided the services also failed to impress as well.
My mother was a nail technician for 15 years, so I can appreciate someone who has been in the business for a long time.
Every single one of the ladies who provided the services had some sort of an attitude or chip on their shoulder.
Some better than others, but overall, none of them seemed happy to be providing the service that is in fact their job.
I would say they were actually rude.
And, the icing on the cake - the services sucked.
For those of us who had gel manicures, our cuticles were flooded with product.
My cuticles were not trimmed, nor pushed back.
Only 4 days after the services, my gel polish is lifting - supposed to last for 2 weeks.
I will say the polish on my toes looks GREAT.
However, pedicure itself not so great.
No cuticles trimmed, massage lasted less than 2 minutes.
Callous scrubbing wouldn't have removed peeling, sunburned skin.
Simply poor.
It cost me $83 for a basic manicure and pedicure - pretty expensive considering how bad the services were.
And the best part, at the end of the day when we went to pay, they would not honor the member pricing.
My sister had negotiated the member pricing up front cause there were so many of us coming.
There were supposed to be 10 of us.
One person couldn't make it last minute, and because there were only 9, they wouldn't honor the member pricing.
This was a bit surprising considering most of us has more than one service (both manicure and pedicure).
Final summary - cute place, everything else not so great.
I'll never go back and I'd never recommend it to anyone.

Worst manicure of my life.
Rushed and completely dry.
The technician totally botched my cuticles to the point where I told her to stop in the middle of the manicure.
I will have to go to a different salon to have them salvaged.
Ugh.
Never again.

Such a great experience.
I've never been to a nicer, cleaner, more pampering nail salon.
This was a total concierge service.
The salon was very clean, the decor was cute and on-trend, the staff was very friendly, there was a chick flick playing on TV, and the variety of services was top notch.

I've been to Teres a few times for Mani/ Pedis.
This past week I got super lucky and they were able to fit me in after a terrible experience elsewhere which had left my nails all scratched up and ugly.
Lacy was wonderful, they had the exact color I wanted and so many options that I think it would be impossible for them to not have what someone is looking for.
I will definitely continue coming here for all of my manicures from now on.
I'm not as sold on the pedicures because I really miss the massage chairs you get at other places as opposed to Teres' bench like seating over the pedicure sinks, but overall this place really is a gem.

So this update is 7 months late....
BUT the owner (or manager?
) did make an effort to call me back after reading this review and offer some sort of resolution to this issue.
I missed the call and never bothered to return.
I stand by the sentiment in my first review (that is, I doubt I'll be back) but the effort made by management earned them another star from me.
I most definitely appreciate that type of follow-up and customer service.

Love love love this place!
I thought I knew what a great nail salon was but that was before I came to teres.
Phenomenal nails techs and girl talk?!?!
Yay!
I just went today and had Jamie.
I told her what I was kinda looking for as far as nail design and she totally got me and came up with a perfect and cute design.
I can't stop looking at my nails!
I love them!
Everyone at teres is awesome and so nice!
They make you feel super comfortable and they are very organized.
Bravo teres bravo :)

Such a great experience.when you've never been there, they walk through the process with you.
It is very cute and clean.
The techs really take their time.
You don't feel rushed at all and can ask as many questions as you want.
The salt scrub was amazing.
I got a regular manicure with glitter and it turned out amazing.
The front desk helped with my purse so I did not have to smudge my nails.
I will be going back.
I suggest making an appointment!
Ericka was great.

I came here yesterday with my girl friend who was visiting from out of town, expecting a nice luxurious mani/pedi experience.
Although that didn't happen (nothing to do with teres, keep reading), the employees here showed their character when an unexpected situation occurred.
My friend actually passed out from dehydration while we were getting our pedicures and it was really scary and shocking.
Before I knew what was happening, one technician ran to get cold washcloths while another went to grab water.
And another ran to call 911.
Because of the quick reaction time of these ladies, my friend quickly regained consciousness and was able to get checked out (thankfully everything was okay) by the paramedics who were there in less than 2 minutes.
Courtney, the owner, introduced herself to me during the debacle and assured me that everything would be okay.
She told me not to worry about payment, and was genuinely concerned in my friend's well being.
THANK YOU, Courtney, and the entire teres staff for handling this situation with such swiftness and grace!

The place is beautiful and the people doing your nails are very friendly.
Be prepared to spend BIG money!
$107.00 for a gel mani/pedi.
I'm VERY picky with my cuticles....
Mainly I want them CUT/CLEANED well!
Not 100%happy with my cuticles but over all a nice experience if your looking to spend the money.

The atmosphere is clean and relaxing, and the services were great.
The price is right, so overall I will happily return!

I found this nail salon on Yelp, as I'm travelling and was thrilled with my experience.
The place is beautifully designed and the service is very pro.
It's more expensive than your typical nail factory, but I didn't mind paying the extra because I felt that I was getting a superior treatment in a very hip salon.
Thanks, Katie, for the great mani/pedi.

Teres Nail Bar is a great place for mani pedis.
This place is very clean and welcoming.
They use great gel products that dry your nails under LED lights opposed to waiting 5 minutes per hand.
I definitely recommend.

Teres is the only nail salon I trust with my temperamental nails.
All of the technicians are great!
Sharon is phenomenal!
This is a great spot to get away and unwind in solo or meet the ladies for a spa day.
It is conveniently located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.

I've been eying this place for awhile.
I live right up the street so when my boyfriend surprised me by saying he would treat me out for a mani/pedi, I called ASAP.
I got in on a cancellation and had my pedi done by Sharon - she was great and easy to talk to.
Forget the name of the women who did my nails, but I love the way the gel feels.
Will definitely be back.
Great decor - pricey, but worth it to be around friendly and professional ladies.
Happy to see this vs another Asian nail salon.

I absolutely LOVE teres!!
I've lived in NY & LA & had my nails done at countless nail bars but Teres is by far the best I've ever been to!!
I won't go anywhere else!

Came here on vacation w my hubby.
Checked in to receive the offer of the whipped hand cream but never received it (think they forgot).
The girls doing nails kept complaining about how busy they were.
The girl who did my hands told me about all the add-ons they could add to the mani, but followed up by saying she didn't have time to do any of them (so why tell me about them??).
Pro: mani and pedi look good and have lasted for a week, and the gals at front desk were nice and professional.
Wasn't best experience overall but got what I needed out of it.

Seriously love this place!
If I lived here, I'd be a frequent customer.
I walked in without an appointment and Sammie greeted me warmly and immediately booked me for 50 min later.
Environment is clean, comfortable, very nice.
Sharon did my nails expertly and efficiently, and was so easy and fun to speak with.
Cannot imagine why this wouldn't be your go-to place for nails/pedis!

I love the concept of this place.
Pick and choose what you want for your mani or pedi.
An up scale chipotle of nail salons (maybe that's not the best analogy but oh well).
Besides a great color selection  and a cool atmosphere, what really gives this place 5 stars is the owner.
Just take a look at how she responds to not so nice reviews on Yelp, it's amazing to finally see some real and genuine customer service.
Even just talking to her in person you can hear the passion she has about her business.
Here's to hoping she opens some more stores.
I bet this place would do amazing in other cities!

Loved it here!
Nice, fast, professional, and comfortable.
Got my pedicure on!
Love the tea tree oil they put in the water.
Gentle on our feet.
The staff just looks happy to work there.

Found this place from yelp and the great reviews and I'm glad I did!!
I got a gel pedicure two weeks ago by Jamie and my toes still look brand new!!!
Worth every penny!!
Came back, brought my mom, and did a gel manicure by Rebecca, she did such a great job!
Very detail oriented, asked me along the way if I liked the shape and length of my nails, the color, nail design, etc :) My mom's nail tech was just as great, I think any one of the staff will do a great job.
The salon is magnificent, super cute, comfy and a great overall concept.
I only get my nails done every few months but this place makes me want to go more often!
Not to mention they have a weekly coupon on Facebook for extra services and if you check in on yelp you get free shea butter with aroma addition :) Long story short, I'm a satisfied customer!

Great nail bar!
relaxing ambiance and I like the whole concept of the "bar tab" where you can customize your service.
Their online appointment scheduling system is awesome.
Super user friendly and keeps track of your appointments.
Tried this place for the first time about a week ago and signed up for a membership.
A great price for great service.
It's a refreshing change from your typical "sweat shop" style nail salons.

So I live way up in Prescott and I make the trip down to Scottsdale just for this place.. that should say enough lol I'm in love with (sharon) my nail technician.. she's amazing and hella funny..lol..This place will not disappoint!

Nail salons should be relaxing, comfortable and great-smelling.
Scottsdale's ters nail bar fits all that criteria, allowing customizable pampering experiences for hands and feet.
Walk into the nail bar, and it sort of looks like an apothecary's station, with soothing scrubs and potions made with local ingredients neatly organized behind the manicure bar.
A feminine movie will be playing silently on the screen, and the medium lighting instantly relaxes you - unlike bright salons that give off a sterile vibe.
I got a spa pedicure ($28) during my visit, with a sugar scrub added on.
My nail technician, the friendly and knowledgeable Allison, trimmed and filed my nails before sloughing off my soles, creating a smooth canvas for the polish.
She then added the brown sugar scrub ($6), with natural fatty acids to keep skin smooth.
Each "luxury" you add on to your pedicure, such as paraffin dips and masques, include aromatherapy and are finished with hot towels.
I chose the "Stress Relief" therapy, with lavender and chamomile.
The scent was potent and definitely ahhhh-inducing.
Be sure to "check in" to the salon on Facebook, Twitter or Yelp while you're there, since you'll score a free whipped shea butter finish to your mani or pedi, normally $3.
I like the membership aspect to ters, which is free and simply transfers what you pay in membership to your next service.
It's $25 a month and gives a discount on all services.
If you know you're a once-a-month mani/pedi person, the membership is well worth it because of the discounts.
The nail bar features upgrades such as glitter, gel and hot stone massages.
I liked the professionalism and tranquil atmosphere, and my pedicure looks great.

There are two things keeping me from giving this place more stars.
I only got a simple gel manicure (can't comment on any other services) which was a by-product of my second problem, the front desk girl(s) were not helpful.
Keep reading...sorry its long winded  I found this place online after searching for a salon in scottsdale that specialized in nail art, I'm a sucker for a good fun nail design.
All the yelp and instagram photos for fantastic, and pricing didn't seem too bad for the work.
So i called to make an appointment.
Spoke to a girl who was very short on the phone and after sounding annoyed i wanted a saturday appointment said they could get me in late afternoon.
Asked me my name and phone number, and said they would see me on saturday.
That was it...little did i know i needed to give her more details!
First, i was having trouble finding the location so i called and asked for more specifics regarding the location.
All the girl could tell me was the address, i told her i knew the address but could she give me a description of the building or anything, again her response was the physical address.
I ended up being a few minutes late.
once i got there, i had to fill out a quick form with my information, it would have been helpful to know this ahead of time as i would have left even earlier to make sure i allotted enough time for this task.
this made me even later for my appointment.
My girl, Erika(?
) was fantastic and very friendly however you could tell she was a bit frustrated when i mentioned I A: already had gel on my nails and B: wanted nail art (which i was told we would not have time to do) i think she wanted to know these details in advance .
It took a little while to get all my previous gel off, but Erika was gracious enough to offer an easy glitter nail in lieu of a full on nail art job.
She explained to me when I call to make an appointment i need to tell them up front exactly what i want art and service wise so they can plan for it...great!
Shouldn't the girl on the phone have asked me that?!
or at least informed me!?
especially knowing i was a new customer Oh well, Erika was very friendly and even though she was only able to give me a standard gel manicure with some glitter, it was still perfect in the end.
I offered to forego the hand massage so she could try to get back on track with her appointments.
Checkout was also disappointing, I was considering a membership but when i asked the girl for information all she could tell me was it's all available online.
I just left feeling so defeated, I didn't get the chance to get the nail art i was dying for or even simple information i wanted.
Over all, great comfortable atmosphere, not all the hustle and bustle of a normal salon.
The artists actually talk to you instead of to eachother and i hope to come back and get some rockin' art done.
Now you and I both know, tell the girl on the phone everything up front because she sure isn't going to ask you!

Just moved here had taken me two weeks to get an appt.
Excited to finally get an appt.....
So she begins explaining the luxury treatments I could get but then said she could only do two because of the time...
Already I was turned off but agreed to the two.
Then she saw that I had gel on my toes, she asked if I told the front desk when I made the appt.... She then proceeded to tell me she wouldn't have time for any of the treatments!!
Only the gel polish!
I couldn't believe it, I told her no thanks, the whole experience was completely ruined.
The girl and the "manager" or whatever she was had absolutely no sympathy.
A business like that won't be around long.
Common courtesy if your short on time allot a bigger time frame for your customers and ask if they have gel??
Very poor organization and communication between the front desk and the nail technicians.
I won't be back and will make sure I tell everyone how awful my experience was.
Poor, poor service!!
They will lose a lot of business with such poor customer service.

I'm a big fan, membership is the way to go.
I've never had a bad or even average experience.

I am SO in love with this place!
My friend  and I are visiting from out of town and she booked us appointments here.
It's very clean, comfortable, spacious and they have GREAT technicians who do excellent work.
I love the whole system of how they handle your service and clearly they have considered every detail of how to pamper you.
I am INCREDIBLY picky about where I get my nails done and I can truly say they had me at hello!
The only negative is that they are here in Phoenix and I'm in Emeryville.
Where have you been all my life?!?!
PLEASE come to the East Bay!!
We are in desperate need of Teres!
I will happily be your first customer and will shout your name from the rooftops (meaning I'll tell all my girlfriends about you - and I have a lot of friends!

Bizarre.
I am just visiting and left my husband back at the hotel while I ran out for a relaxing pedi.
They have a clapboard sign out front advertising pedis and manis, which leads you to believe they accept walk-ins.
I walked in, all the technicians were sitting around, and there was not a customer in sight and the receptionist told me everyone was on break at 2:30pm.
I've never heard of a service-based business model where all technicians take their break at the same time.
Weird.
The front desk girl was nice about it, but I just don't get it.
The decor was nice and it looked very clean!

Very disappointed at this place.
The place itself is very nice and the whole prepping of the scrubs there is kind of cool BUT overpriced and the actual product is below average quality.
I got a gel manicure yesterday, along with a sugar scrub and a lotion.
Manicure was not done good.
First of all they don't soak your nails in water, so your skin doesn't even soften.
Besides that, I noticed they only leave your nails under the light for 15seconds.
According to the girl it's because is "better" than the standard ones.
Don't know if that is BS or not but I already have a nail chipped, this is the worst manicure I've ever had and is expensive.
One star for the actual place being nice.

I decided to try Teres nail bar when my regular nail lady was unavailable.
This place is so nice inside!!
I was impressed the minute I walked in.
If you are looking for an upscale,  classy, modern, beautiful place to get your nails done I would definitely recommend this salon.
Not to mention it was very clean and didn't smell like acrylic (since they don't do acrylic anymore).
My nail technician (wish I could remember her name...) was really great, and talkative but not pushy.
My nails still look great a week later!
Plus its located directly in Old Town so it's very convenient if you live in Scottsdale.
I called to make an appointment to get a gel mani and the girl on the phone was really nice.
She asked if I had gel that needed to be taken off, and she offered additional services (like nail art or glitter, and/or lotions) ahead of time in case we would need more time during my appointment.
Just a quick note: it is a little on the pricey side, so if you decide to go here, get ready to splurge.
The experience and quality are worth the price, I just wish I could afford to get it done there all the time!

