I've been going here for the past year for oil & fluid changes.
DJ always makes you feel welcome & knows how to treat their customers.
They always have great deals!
I have not had any problems with them at all.

Smog, $15 bucks out the door in about 30min!!
Nice!

I walked in on a Wednesday morning to get a full synthetic oil change.
My boyfriend recommended this place to me, and this is where he gets his oil changed.
$50 for full syn, $5 extra for a canister filter, $3 disposal fee, and a few bucks for the extra oil my Lexus needed.
My total was around $60, which beats the $110 I paid over at Goodyear (which I wouldn't recommend).
They weren't at all pushy about recommending extra services, which can be rather annoying.
I hate when the guy doing my oil change tells me how badly I need brakes/tires/fluid flushes/etc.
They seemed genuine, especially for an auto shop.
The staff was extremely friendly.
I got up to see if they had a snack machine (they didn't), so the gentleman at the desk offered me some of his sunflower seeds and spicy beef jerky.
I declined, but it was a really nice gesture.
I watched as he made friendly chit chat with the other customers.
PROS: Inexpensive (I don't say 'cheap' because the quality is good) Reliable Friendly Service No Upsale!!
CONS:  No snack machine (Lexus of LV has a Keurig, fresh donuts, and other complimentary snacks..) No appointments accepted, which can make wait times longer than expected Not every location does alignments, so you need to call ahead to make sure they offer your particular service.

Came here after work on a weekday, around 5pm for a smog check.
Service was suuuper quick; they got me registered in their system, had my car taken in for the emissions test, and brought out all in under 20 minutes.
I paid $20 for everything.

This place is SOOOO great!
Sam seems very honest and stands behind their work.
The employees talk to each other and seem to work well together.
Nice customer service!
She SHOWED me the test results and explained what they found.
Being a woman I usually feel taken by repair shops because they take the car back in a bay somewhere and rarely speak to me until its time to pay a whopper of a bill.
Not this place.
It is a smallish shop with no storage lot.
I like that.
They can't tie up my car for days on end in their back lot 'until they can get to it'.
I can see right into the bays so I at least feel like they are working for me instead of against me.
The old shop told us a leak around the oil filter on our 1991 truck would cost $1400.
The truck runs great but isn't even worth $1K.
Leroy looked under the hood during an oil change and SHOWED me a hemorrhaging valve cover gasket.
Simple and quick repair $170 total.
Geez!
Our other cars are in and out of there quick and I KNOW for less than the other shop that has turned into money sucking vampires (since the recession they have become awful)!
Last week the battery died in our Escort.
I couldn't get the battery to recharge at home and knew after 6-8 YEARS, it was probably dead!
Sam tested and replaced my battery which I took home and installed.
I learned on the Internet we need to get the starting system checked out pretty soon.
We ran the car back without driving it much to get alternator checked too.
Sam could have EASILY  came back out with a laundry list of items to also replace.
Everything was fine and we were out the door smiling and NOT FEELING VIOLATED for a change!
Thank you Sam, you and your guys have earned my respect and future business!
Chocolate Chip cookies?
I owe you some!

Amazing service!!
My 2001 VW Jetta overheated and broke down on my way to UT, so I got stuck in Northern Vegas.
This was the 4th auto place I called, and they were the first ones to pick up the phone.
Sam, one of the main mechanics was extremely sympathetic with my situation and got right on top of the work.
I stayed overnight in a Comfort Inn nearby & ate Goodfellas pizza both at Sam's suggestion.
Plus because my car was at My Auto, Goodfellas gave me a discount on my meal!
A good plus when you're already having a horrible day.
I ended up having to leave my car there for the weekend and take a rental car the rest of my way.
But I trusted my car at My Auto because they do good work and kept constant communication with me about my car.
They made a horrible situation bearable with their amazing customer service, so I would recommend them to anyone and everyone.

Drove by and I thought Why Not.
I failed a smog and talked to My Auto to see what my options are.
Leroy is awesome!
He knew what he was asking about and gave us options on what we can do.
Then he directed us to Sam who was super cool and gave us pricing.
I really like how we can bring in our own parts and they would just charge for labor.
Already told my friends and they go there.

