Wow!
Let me say first of all how nice the people who own the business are.
Wonderful, they have such positive energy.
They were prompt, which wasn't easy since we ordered food for 12.
And the food was amazing!
I will definitely be back, and I will tell all my friends that when they come out to Dream Racing that we have this great little cafe to eat at!

Great Food, Great Prices and AMAZING Service.
Couldn't ask for a better place this close to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway.
If I could rate it 6 stars I would.
Thanks Grahm H

If you are coming out to the Speedway to visit Exotics Racing then Race Day Cafe is a great place to stop for breakfast or lunch.
They have a great menu including burgers, sandwiches, salads and wraps.
Friendly staff, great prices and fast service.
They have a few tvs also playing various sports.

This place is amazing!
Nicole, the owner is so welcoming and down to earth that I felt I was home talking to my mom.
The service is punctual and the food is spectacular !!
I had a cheese burger with cheddar cheese, jalapeño and avocado which was fantastic!
Nicole brought out home made French fries which should be illegal they were so good and then she brought out the meat loaf special for us to sample...exceptional!!!
We will be back and tell our friends about this place!!

Was looking for a good place to eat in Vegas and read some great reviews on Yelp about this place in North Las Vegas.
This place is amazing!!!
I met the owner, Nicole, who is great!
She makes everything from scratch including the potato chips, sweet potatoes fries and salad dressings.
I ordered the Build Your Own Hamburger with grilled onions & avocado.
Yumm!

I'll second the other reviews that tell you to look past the exterior of the building...this cafe is awesome.
We came from out of town so the men could do the Mario Andretti Experience thing.
Everyone was starving, so we hit up this cafe thanks to the Yelp reviews.
It did not disappoint.
Everything was delicious and service was great.
The sweet potato fries rocked my world and my grilled chicken sandwich was piled high--I swear it had half an avocado on top!
If we ever return to the raceway, we'll for sure stop in for a bite.
Mmm...

This place is awesome gourmet food at fast food prices.
Can't say enough good about the entire place.
Good from start to finish should be more like this.
Thanks

Overall I ordered a cheese burger with fries and a drink..waiter wasn't a good listener to our order ..meat wasn't cooked to my liking ..partner didn't get the cheese he wanted and it wasn't nice quality food I would say one step above McDonald's..to say the least pressed meat is never acceptable.
Atmosphere was pleasant though.

Service was excellent!
Food was not.
Coffee was cold and metallic tasting, burgers had a weird taste.
Nothing special with everything else we ordered.

Cool spot next to the raceway.
Busy at lunch on a Tuesday but the servers kept up pretty well.
The food was decent cafe food.

Great service, great food!
My husband said it was the best breakfast steak he's ever had!

My wife works near here so we decided to meet for lunch.
Pretty good place to eat.
Nothing bad about the place but nothing exceptional.
Had the turkey club sandwich and it was ok. Again, not bad but not great.
Just good enough to meet my wife for a convenient lunch.
Would come back for lunch with the wife again.
She had buffalo chicken wrap and she says she'd give it a 3 star too.
Server was nice and friendly and no long wait for food or drinks.
Would recommend for a quick meal if you're in the area.

