They lost a full star for truly awful service, however, the rest of the experience was good.
I have never had pupusas before, but have been wanting to try them.
I opted for the mixed pupusa, which had beans, cheese and pork.
The filling was seasoned well and came out piping hot.
I enjoyed the coleslaw-like curtido served along side.
Though it didn't have a ton of flavor on its own,  it was a wonderful textural contrast to the filling.
The restaurant was very clean, there was a "soccer" game on tv and there were scenic photos on the walls to put me in the mood for some ethnic cuisine.
Really the only down side was some rude and extremely slow service.
There were only two tables when we entered, but they both left and for at least some of our meal, we had the place to ourselves.
However, our server was not very friendly or helpful when I explained I didn't know what pupusas were.
Then, our order took at least 15-20 minutes to arrive.
Once we were done, I tried to get our server's attention to ask for the bill, but that also took far longer than I would expect since I could easily see that the restaurant was not busy.
The pupusas were only $1.75 each, which were quite the good deal since one was actually fine for a light lunch.

Simple and casual.
I like this place.
There's nothing fancy here.
It's basically comfort food, Latino style.
I tried the mixed Pupusas.
It was different, but I'll definitely have it again.
My main dish was the Salvadorian Arroz con Pollo, that tasted like any other.

Stumbled onto this place one day driving by and piqued my curiousity.
I do love pupusas but it's been years since and the BF never had one.
We started off with some of their horchata which is Salvadorean style.
That style is not milky cinnamon but had much more of a strong cinnamon, nutmeg and chocolate flavor to it.
Liked it, but it was perhaps a bit too strongly flavored for me.
We got two pupusas - bean& cheese and the revueltas (mixed).
Theirs was good and served piping hot.
Curtido was nice and the chilled slaw with a hot pupusa was a really nice temperature and flavor contrast.
I prefered the mixed one as that is what I'm used to eating in LA, the BF preferred the bean&cheese one.
BF ordered to share a garlic shrimp plate.
The shrimp was fresh, cooked right and the seasoning was decent.
It came with white rice, beans that were more liquidy/pasty, salad, tortillas (basically unfilled pupusas).
Service was decent enough.
I think I would come back here for the pupusas for sure.
They're cheap, filling, and done really well here.
Definitely, their namesake is solid.

I am a big fan of pupusas, I first got introduced to this restaurant at the eastern location, I have been going for about 10 years but it's a far drive from where I live so when they opened this one in the Northwest I was excited, the food is just as good but the service isn't so great!
We didn't get the water we ordered, we had to remind the waitress and we got totally ignored when we wanted the bill, went up to the register to pay and was ignored again, food took a long time, waitress only checked up on use once, so overall great food and terrible service!
Otherwise I'd give the 5 stars!

Fantastic Salvadorian Fair!
I'm so happy to see this in my neighborhood!
My husband is from El Salvador and craves foods from his homeland.
When we tried this place out, we had several bean and cheese pupusas, horchata (salvadorian of course) corn tamales and black beans.
The corn tamales where a little dry, but still very good.
The pupusas were the best!

the pupusas are great, but the fish not so good it was over cooked

I have to be honest their popusas were good , but sadly I got a hair in my salad :(... Well I guess it happens

I decided to come back to this place and forget about my last experience.
I tried the bistre encebollado for only 8 buscks!
Great flavor, good service and no hairs on my food!
Lol!
I will def come back to this place !

Everything is good!
A must try!

If your looking for authentic delicious pupusas this is the place to be!
The food is great and affordable.
The restaurant is very neat and well kept.

Prices are good.
My favorite pups as in Vegas.
Their beans are great!

A delicious, cheap alternative to your usual latin american cuisine.
What I'd order here: Plantains and a pupusa or two.
Who I'd take here: Friends for a work lunch.
A date who likes trying new things.
Comparable to: Nothing that I know of.
This is my first Salvadorian cuisine.
Notes: This is a local chain restaurant.
Food Quality: 5 I've been here once.
We ordered the plantains, the yucca and pork, and three different types of pupusas.
The plantains were great, and about $5.
The pupusas were the first ever I had tried.
For those who do not know, a pupusa is best described to other Americans as a stuffed tortilla--the taco stuffing is put into the tortilla and it is fried like that.
It's kind of like a tortilla/empanada.
They fry them on the spot, so they're extremely good.
Put some salad on top of it and eat it like a taco.
Each pupusa is $1.75, and you probably really need only one or two to make a meal.
The yucca was alright.
It also cost roughly $5.
It was more interesting than tasty, and the pork that came with it was dry.
If you wanted to order a few items on the menu that were specifically Salvadorian, I would advise you to stick to the pupusas and plantains.
+1 great pupusas.
+1 amazing price.
Service Quality: 3 When I came this place was pretty empty, so the service was extremely quick.
Otherwise the service was on par.
+1 quick.
Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 2 This is a sit-down restaurant, not a fast-food restaurant.
They decorated the place with paintings of El Salvador.
The bathrooms needed some help: they had no hand towels or toilet tissue.
Overall the bathrooms were divey and contradicted how nice they had kept the dining area.
-1 dirty bathrooms.
How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points.
For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.
Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(3.7) =  4

so good that  we have one close, my husband love there pupusas

Love pupusas great is soo close to my place.
We r going all the time, place an order by phone is saving u a lot of time waiting.

This restaurant is Salvadoreño first, Mexican second.
I ordered two pupusas revueltas -- bean, cheese and chicharron (pork) -- and one with chicken.
I liked the revueltas slightly more but both were very good.
The texture was excellent -- crispy on the edge.
Service was friendly.
The horchata is the Salvadorean type that tastes a bit like black licorice.
It's an acquired taste if you're used to Mexican horchata.
On a side note, the nachos my cousin ordered were good too.

Love love love their Pupusas!!
I live down the street and used to make my husband bring some home for me when I was pregnant!
I love their curtido y salsa de tomate.
My husband loves their carne con yuca!

Be prepared to wait a while here (15-20 mins for 3 pupusas, beans and rice) or call in over the phone so you're order will be ready when u get there.
This is my 2nd time here, and they make the food as you order, so u get piping hot, fresh pupusas!
U can see them making the dough, and forming them as you order.
What I like are that they also have vegetarian pupusas, which most places do not, and if they do its just bean/ cheese.
This place had "sucini" ones among others which is how they spelled "zucchini" and it was delicious!
Also, prices are really great for what I order!

OMG, the casamientos (breakfast plate) and the pupusas are soooo yummy AND cheap!!
My favorite combination, LOL.
I've tried the different burritos but they are too different from what I am used to (i.e.
Mexican style) but the breakfast plates and the pupusas make up for it.
We take our daughter to the Gymboree right next door and always get something to go from here =)

I had lunch at Las Popusas.
My first time there with two ladies from the office.
It is a great Salvadorian lunch spot.
No bells or whistles it just about the food.
You can not beat it as a value proposition.
The server was friendly and our order was prompt and very tasty.
I had two pupusas.
One beans and cheese and the other with chicken.
I enjoyed them both.
Again this is not fancy place but if you are open to good lunch spot this is it.
We all had two popusas and a drink total bill just under $25.00

Onion steak was incredible!
Came for lunch, didn't wait long.
Will definitely be returning!

Stopped in to grab some dinner to go and glad I did!
Ordered some pupusas and plantains, the wait wasn't bad at all and definitely worth it since they make it all fresh once you order.
These pupusas are the real deal...delicious!
Oh yea, and talk about cheap!
We will be back.

Embarrassing.
No chicken?
We got here at 5:15, and the waitress told us that they had run out of chicken.
Service was OK, and the food provided in replacement for our Chicken Pupusas was decent.
I would avoid this place if possible; multiple other superior pupusas joints exist in town.
I would highly recommend SalvaMex.

Stopped by to pick up dinner.
Wait time was about 15-20 min but definitely worth the wait.
Ordered a couple of pupusas and platanos fritos to go and they were made fresh which is why there was a small wait time.
I would recommend calling ahead if planning to pick up an order.
The staff was very friendly and the restaurant itself was really clean.
Ended up being a great dinner option and paid less then 15 dollars for 2 people!
Very affordable and with every penny.

Food was great but the service sucked!
Snobby ass girl took our order didn't even come once to check how we were doing waited ten mins till finally someone asked if we wanted our check.

My friend who is from El Salvador introduced me to pupusas and I have been trying to get my fix since then and I found it here.
The wait is about 25 mins for an order of pupusas but is worth every minute !!
If your in a rush call ahead and place a order.
Service was friendly and over all great we will diffidently come again !

I went to this restaurant tonight 5/10/14, & had the worst experience of my life .
We ordered 2 shrimp cocktails and one bean pupusa.
We got the cocktails first and they tasted like pure tap water.
It was disgusting!
I tried adding lemon and salt to it to cover that horrible flavor & it just didn't work.
So I just didn't eat it .
My husbands was the exact same .
When the pupusa came to the table it was still raw!
The masa was not throughly cooked and was super mushy!
When we told the lady that it was still raw she gave us a snotty look and said she would try cooking it again, we declined the offer and ordered a chicken tamale instead, It wasn't the best but it was actually eatable.
Don't go here!
Horrible food, and a rude staff!

The food is good but the service isn't worth it.
I would say unless you're spanish speaking... this place isn't where you want to go; ESPECIALLY when you're hungry and or diabetic and it's been hours since you last ate/drank.
the girl who took our order didn't speak any english, i mean NONE.
i understand its an el salvadorian place and I'm perfectly accepting of the fact that english may be a 2nd language but to speak zero english is rough for the customer.
she stood at our table and didn't say anything, she just stared at us.
then she asked me if i spoke spanish, which i don't cause i'm Filipino not Latin, I told her no, then gave her my order.
I wanted 2 papusas and a coke, i said it slow (without being rude) and i even pointed at the picture; again she asked me if i spoke spanish, still no.
Then my boyfriend said his order: carnitas burrito... she looked at me and said "que" - so i repeated it exactly a little bit slower this time "carrrrr-niitas burrito"  we got our order: my bf got his burrito, i got 1 papusa.
nothing to drink.
as which point i repeated, i wanted 1 coke and 1 more papusa.
she smiled and nodded.
still, I got nothing.
she stared at me from across the room and every time i looked up to see if she was going to bring me a coke, she looked down at the floor.
no coke ever came and that 2nd papusa -- forget about it.
we were one of 3 tables occupied... so it wasn't busy.
it wasn't loud, it wasn't anything... there was no excuse for the horrible service.
'Coke' as a brand is thee most popular product in the galaxy...  there should have been no reason why she shouldn't understand that when i said coke, it meant, please bring me one, not, i just like to say the word.
To top it off, I'm diabetic so by this point it had been 8 hours since the last time i had anything to drink or eat so al i really needed the sugar, i was starting to shake and feel faint.
i understand that not everyone speaks english but if you're going to hire people to take orders for your restaurant, that person should really have a basic understanding of the language or at least some sense to put two and two together.

Good food that fills you up quickly, like their prices too.

Very nice staff and service.
Very low key place.
Never had pupusas before so decided to try it.
I thought it was more like a flour tortilla.
It seems more like a thick corn tortilla which I personally do not care for.
We tried the mixed option.
They were somewhat tasty but I just did not care for the corn texture.
Beans were runny.
They were also a bit on the greasy side but that may be how it is supposed to be.

As soon as I entered I knew I should had taken into the account the reviews talking about the service.
Not even a "hello, sit anywhere" nothing.
Not even a hello.
After we ordered the food, the lady never came back to check on us.
Not coming back to this place ever again.

