The Haven opened its doors just a few months ago, and seems to be progressing nicely, attracting a varied crowd.
It's very neatly turned out and serves good breakfast, brunch and lunch options.
It served me very nicely as a refuelling stop on one of my long walks around the city.
Overall, we said: "The Haven is a lovely little oasis of calm.
It's friendly and welcoming, with good coffee and nicely prepared breakfasts.
I'll pop back a little later in the day, soon, to see how their soup measures up.
Based on this short visit, I'm optimistic it'll be good.

I love this place....
It's dangerously close to my studio at the Edinburgh Sculpture Workshop.
They have so many treats- from home-made soups to BIG slices of cake, to coke-floats and toasted cibatta sandwiches...
The lovely lady who runs it (I don't know her name!
) is super friendly, and always recognises me, when I pop in :)   I would happy walk out of my way to go to this cafe, and is a VERY nice post Alien Rock 1 post climbing lunch/ snack stop (only a 5 minute walk away)!

The Haven is a tale of two stories.
On one side, delicious 'Taste of Haven' - a rather tasty, sleep for an hour after consumption, tray bake treat that the Silent Reviewer and I shared.
On the other side, was the paninis and service.
We were in a rush.
The SR wanted fish and chips from Porto and Fi, I, looking at the time, said, no - let's go to the cafe/deli on the corner and grab a quick sandwich.
This was anything but a quick sandwich.
I read a whole magazine in the time it took to make our sandwiches, for the ladies behind the counter to flirt with and serve other customers, and do the washing up.
It wasn't busy and there was only one other customer I recall actually being served anything in the entire time we were there.
The paninis, once made were barely warm (lightly toasted, not burnt which is of course a good thing), and really made me wonder why it took so long to put some mozzarella, tomato and pesto in a bun.
The time we were hoping to save was hopelessly lost, with us waiting a good 30mins+ for a sandwich to be toasted.
While I enjoy a nice long relaxing lunch, when I want a takeaway, it is because that option isn't open to me.
The Haven is nice, but I find the menu limited and service just too slow for me to want to make a detour again.
Still, nice baked goods, can't deny that.

It seems a brave move to open a tea shop in what's a fairly dead part of town, between Leith and Newhaven ... but The Haven was jam-packed when we first tried to go in.
We had to go and do some shopping and then sneak back and grab a table when one was free.
I'm not a big coffee-and-cake person.
More of a beer-and-crisps girl, me.
But we just really felt like a sweet treat today, so cake it was.
And what cake!
The carrot cake was moist and tasty and delicious.
But Jason's cake put in the shade... literally.
I suppose you can't make an 'Elvis' cake and then serve dainty servings.
And this was a whopper.
Three layers of chocolate, banana and peanut butter cake, sandwiched together with lashings of icing ... even Jason couldn't finish it, and once I'd tasted it, I had to restain myself from polishing off the rest.
Yum.
I'm off to lie on the couch and dream sugary dreams now.

Jolly British and great value....  We read about this place in The Week and thought we must visit when we were seeing friends on our spring getaway from Vermont...
So overall the all day breakfast was good value, but I felt there was perhaps a little too much grease on some items, and the bacon could have been of a better quality....but I am a bacon snob and also an member of the British Sausage Appreciation society!
And prey you may think what does he know to comment so much?????
Well I spend 10 months of the year cooking fryups for our American clients at the inn I co-own...so I think I know a great breakfast when I see one!
The rest of our party had combination items of scrambled eggs/toast and bits of cooked vegetable...all seemed happy.
A point I think needs addressing is the tea...which was very poor.
It lacked flavour, colour and strength.
If strong tea is too strong you can weaken it...but you cannot reverse this process!
Also on the day we visited it was cold....and the cafe never warmed up enough, so Cafe Creatives invest in some extra heaters or insulate your fire door, as half of the Forth winds were blowing in through them there cracks!
The staff did seem overworked and I would agree the initial meet and greet needs sharpening up as table waiting folks seem to mill around and get in their way, and also the way of the seated clients.
The overall atmosphere is very jolly and British and has an originality about it.

I definitely like this place.
Located in a bit of a retail and eateries vacuum, the Haven fills a much needed hole in the local area.
Seems to be pretty focused on breakfast and lunch, which does the job for me fine.
I ordered the pancakes with maple syrup and bacon for a very respectable £4.
It arrived in good time, was hot, tasty and filling.
Just what you need for a lunch on a Monday!
The pancakes were thick and fluffy, just how I like them, and there was plenty maple syrup to go with.
The cakes looked epic, so I opted for a caramel shortbread to take away.
I think it was home-made and the side of a small door stop.
Yum!
Decor-wise, it's ye old thrift shop style, with old gramophones, mismatched furniture and bunting.
Shelves are brimming with knick knacks and odds and sods and there's plenty to have a nose at.
Only minor gripe is that the place was quite cold and didn't feel cosy.
I had to keep my jacket on for the entire meal.
Brr!

