Short and sweet.
I have been 4 times and tried something different every time.
Its not PF Changs, but it has all been good.
Lunch specials are only $5.99, 7 days a week.
The menu has a large selection, and they deliver.
I will be coming back.

We loved this place.
My wife and I love Chinese food and have tried many restaurants across the valley.
The Egg Foo Young and General Tso's Chicken were excellent.
Presentation was attractive, service was efficient and friendly, and the restaurant was clean.
Family style dining.
Worthy of many rerturn visits and delivery orders.

I live close by this restaurant and we eat there all the time.
The owners are wonderful people.
The place is very clean.
We love their food.
It's the best Chinese food we have found actually.
Their food is fresh, high quality and they are happy to accommodate requests of their customers.
It's a hidden gem.
I don't think a lot of people know about it.
They are pretty new to the area.
I highly recommend you try it.

I got a mailer for these guys and decided to check them out and thus far, I'd say I'm a fan.
The good:  The honey sesame wings!
Wow.
Really delicious, maybe one of my favorite wing flavors now.
The Honey Walnut Chicken.
I wasn't expecting a mustard taste but it really worked to make them not so sweet.
Very tasty.
The Not so good:  The fried scallops were a little soggy, a couple more minutes in the fryer and they would have been pretty good.
The shrimp with lobster sauce was OK, about what you would expect from an average Chinese take out place, but some of the other items were so good, I expected them to be better.
Overall, I will eat there again, and likely keep ordering anything with honey in the name.

Service, food, cleanliness, efficiency and cost is all A+!
I will never eat Chinese anywhere else!
The staff is so friendly and the atmosphere is fun and cozy.
Very relaxed!
A great little place tucked away in a strip mall!
Sesame chicken, won ton soup and crab won-tons are a MUST!

We're always ordering delivery from here and the food is fresh, hot and really good!
I almost always get the chicken in garlic sauce & their lo mein is good too.

We were looking for a quick dinner before attending an event and decided to try this place.
There was 3 other parties in there dining and a few people waiting for take out.
It took 10 minutes for the lady to ask for our drink orders.
When she brought them back, we ordered.
It was then 30 minutes before we got our meals.
During that time, I went up the counter and asked to pay because we were in a hurry.
She ran my card - for an incorrect amount.
When the food did come, my dish was incorrect.
We didn't have time to send it back.
Never did the server apologize for the wait, offer refills, or check on us.
The food was delicious, but the service and slowness was so bad.
So so so bad.

Service is quick.
Food is good.
Price is right.
Great for a quick business lunch.

Outstanding Chinese food.
The food is freshly prepared for you order.
This is not a buffet.
The quality of the food is most unusual for a $5.99 lunch that includes a drink.
The atmosphere is quiet and very clean and pleasant.
Nothing but praise for this new place.
I wish them much success.
Refreshing to find someone that cares about quality, service, and very reasonable prices.
By the way, the portions are very large.

We do not order Chinese food from anywhere else!
When family come in town that is where we go.
Personal service, and special request!

"New York" style Chinese with a "New York" style Price Tag!
Each menu "item" consists of the usual premade sauces and lower-quality "meat" ingredients that one typically gets at food court type Chinese joints and cheap buffets.
This is fine if you're expecting such, but the presentation of Empire Asian Bistro is that of a sit-down affair and they have priced their food to match!
Dishes are prepared "fresh", which is fantastic, but the food, outside of the mid-day lunch specials, is unreasonably expensive at $8-$14 per entrée without many extras!
All in all, the food tastes absolutely fine for what it is supposed to be...generic, take-out style, overly Americanized "Chinese" food.
However, there's nothing special or unique to make this a standout establishment.
The selection is as stereotypical as it gets (Orange Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, Mongolian Beef, etc.
) and the dishes are very oversauced.
I will say that the service is extremely friendly and the menu items are predictable if you've had similar food before.
The atmosphere is comfortable and typically very quiet (because it's usually empty) and the restaurant is kept abnormally clean, which is a good thing.
Unfortunately, Empire Asian Bistro loses out on sheer "value".
You can get the same food at 10 other places within just a few minutes of here.
Not a bad joint, but not a great one, either.

Tried to eat here.
Sat down and got menu but spent the whole time swatting the flies away , never could read the menu , finally left after 10 minutes of killing flies

Recently found out about these guys due to GrubHub.
Not sure if they just stared using them, or just opened it up to my address.
Either way, very happy we found them!
Food is good, service is great and they deliver.

So far so good.
Always on the lookout for a good Chinese restaurant.
Empire lives up to a good standard.
Clean comfortable environment.
Professional and welcoming staff.
Fast service fresh food that tastes great.
If you're looking for a good sit down Chinese or takeout or delivery Empire does it all.
Will definitely go again.

My wife and I found this place on Yelp a few months back.
We have ordered delivery many times and the food is always wonderful, delivery is quick, and the prices are very fair.
Recently they delivered the wrong item.
I called in and they offered to send the correct item or they would give me a credit towards the next order.
Perfect.
We called in tonight and they gave us our credit and delivered our food.
One again, the order was not correct.
This time when I called I was told that the missing item was never ordered.
I found this strange because when the order was repeated back to me the missing item WAS on the order.
No offer was made to correct this mistake.
The person on the phone was a bit rude and I told them to just forget it.
We will not order delivery again.
The ONLY reason I give them 2 stars is because the food is FANTASTIC!

I ordered via their online service which was easy to use and convenient.
I picked up the food to avoid the issues some of the other reviewers had.
In terms of the food, it was hit and miss.
I got the beef egg foo young and egg drop soup with wontons.
The beef in the egg foo young wasn't good at all: chewy, tasteless, and fatty.
The egg itself was good, so I'll probably get the veggie egg foo young next time.
The fried rice that came with it was really good.
The egg drop soup was good but the wontons weren't.
It was cheap meat just like the beef in the egg foo young.I'm still willing to try some of the other entrees to see what's good and what isn't.

Ordered for delivery...I had company over, all the reviews looked good...so I decided to try it.
They said it would be 45-60 minutes...after 4 phone calls and almost 2 hours go by and I watched the driver pass my house 3 times...after screaming at the top of my lungs to get his attention along with 3 other people we finally got him to stop.
Finally, famished getting to eat; the food was good....not amazing.
I'd give them another try.
Maybe the driver was just an idiot...

Food is ok but the customer service is terrible!!
So rude over the phone.
If you act like you don't want my business then i will go somewhere else!
Ordered my food 2 hours ago and it's still not here.
I called and they just said its on its way that was 20 minutes ago.

Since when does it take 1 1/2hrs.
toile Lo mein?
My husband and I sat at this joint with only 1 other party in the dining room for over an hour.
I won't be stopping in on my lunch hour!!!

This is THE Best Chinese food in the valley!
You can tell they hand make their crab rangoons and steamed dumplings.
Chinese cuisine just like they do it back in New England!
Fairly priced and they're always fast and friendly.
I will never go anywhere again for Chinese!

Having been a customer for a few times now I will give a thumbs up to this establishment.
The food servings have always been hot and ample, using what seems to be the freshest ingredients possible.
It is a family run business handed down through generations starting with grandparents in Hong Kong, then to New York City, and now in Mesa as family members branched out.
The parents speak little to no English, relying upon other family members to verify orders.
All in all you won't be disappointed so give them a try.

Please please don't order for delivery.
It's been an hour and a half and the place doesn't even answer their phone.
Can't review the food cause I have no idea where it is.
Why didn't I just listen to the reviews!?
I hate to see small business restaurants struggle, but this place does itself no favors.

I tried a take out order, it still took way too long to get the food, but at least it's good and it's the really the only Chinese place in the area

Food is good but the wait for take out is always between 45 minutes to 1 hour.
I might have to find some other place cuz this is the third time and I don't think 3rd time was the charm.

Went here with some friends at their recommendation.
Menu was nothing special, but the food was tasty.
No alcohol offered, but BYO is OK.  Service was fair to OK, but not very attentive once orders were taken.
Overall, I won't go back here, as there are too many other more appealing places.

The roast pork lo mein combo is outstanding!
Service a bit slow.
No prtoblems with food experienced dining in, or delivery.

The food here is excellent!
The best in Mesa.
I highly recommend the crab ragoons, lemon chicken and chicken lo-mien.
HOWEVER the service is the worst ever!
They have 1 person to hostess, answer phones, and serve.
It's ridiculous how long everything takes.
Next time I'm ordering to go.
Eat in the restaurant only if you have hours to spend.

This is hands down the BEST delivery Chinese food in the Valley!
I am a good eater and have eaten a TON of Asian food.....but none of that matters if it never gets delivered!
I have ordered from here MANY times and EVERY time it has taken WELL over an hour.
When you are hungry and your girlfriend is hungry and everybody is moody because they are HUNGRY.....you don't want to wait.
Just about every Chinese place offers way faster delivery.
I thought maybe "this time will be the time that it gets here quick!!!
"....but I was just dreaming.
Turns out....it ALWAYS takes over an hour, no matter where I order from.
I even "spoke" with the owner once.
The experience....well....wow.
I am pretty sure that she didn't understand what I was even saying (and that is because I did not understand what SHE was saying!).
No compensation was offered at any time for the ridiculous wait (or so I think, but then again, I couldn't understand him/her).
The last time I ordered I just cancelled the order and vowed to never order from this place again, no matter how delicious the food is.
Even when you get the order, the crab rangoons are cold and you can tell it has been sitting  awhile (though in fairness, they are super yummy, even old and stale).
If you eat there, I am sure they are awesome when they are hot.
NEVER EVER order delivery from this place.
I strongly recommend the Snow Mountain Chicken...it is coconut chicken but it is fried in wonton wrappers so it is always crispy....even REHEATED....which you will have to do when you get it because it will be cold.
BOTTOM LINE:  The food is truly amazing.....when/if you get it.... even cold and mildly stale, it tastes good.
The problem is GETTING it.
Ordering either by phone directly, or online from grubhub.....it is a gamble.
No matter how great the food is, it becomes irrelevant if you never get it.
I really wanted to give more stars but the food is so good, but the service and HORRIBLE delivery experiences ruin it.
If it were just one or two bad experiences, I could understand....but this is consistent, horrible service.
Unforgivable.
There are too many other options in the area to waste money on this place again.
NOTE: I have ordered to several locations and all have taken over an hour so I am certain it is not due to the location.

Just ordered from Grub Hub.
Delivery said it would be a hour, was here in 30-40 mins.
Food arrived hot and fresh.
For the price, you get your money's worth.
Dishes are loaded with meat and short on veggies.
Just how I like it.
Just moved to the area and have found my local Chinese delivery!

Food was delicious, I had chicken lo mein and pork fried rice!
The egg drop soup was a bit bland, nothing but egg and pepper.
I couldn't stop staring at the nasty carpet or the lady serving with big purple rubber gloves!

Food is delicious.
Better than any quick or delivery restaurants around.
Delivery was 35-45 mins, which is the same as if ordering pizza.
Love it for date night and a movie!
Orange chicken  Honey walnut chicken or shrimp  Fried rice Crab wontons

Took way too long for delivery.
Food was decent.
Crab Ragoons were delicious.

