I have had the privilege of being tattooed by Mike Fite twice now, and I cannot say enough about how amazing the work he does is!
Coming from California with over 15 hours of tattoo work already, I had high standards for the artist I would choose in my new place of residence.
Not only is Mike's work super clean, gorgeous, and his own, he is a great guy.
He is quick, (in the best way possible) creates great conversation, and really cares about what you want in your tattoo.
He has been tattooing for years, and knows his tattoo history.
(these are all very important in my eyes) His line work is always spot on.
Soft handed.
ALWAYS decently priced as well, especially for the quality!
This guy is one of, if not the best traditionalist in the valley right now.
Don't trust me?
Go ask around!
Don't get tricked by those $50!
specials at shops with no style.
Or the shame of club tattoo.
Go to Gypsy Rose, and get a tattoo that not only you will enjoy, many others will compliment.

I was tattooed by Joseph this past weekend and have to say that he is incredible.
The tattoo itself is EXACTLY what I wanted.
When I brought in the image, he really provided a great consultation around what modifications would have to be made and advised me around color to ensure I knew exactly what I was getting.
Love Joseph, love my new tattoo and would HIGHLY recommend Gypsy Rose (especially Joseph) to anyone looking for new ink.

Clean, Professional and a great central location.
The tattoo artists were all very professional and very helpful at answering questions about the tattoo process.
I have numerous tattoos, that I have received from various different tattoo shops around the country, and I would rank Gypsy Rose as one of the top shops I have ever been to.
I came in with a very basic idea of a picture I wanted and Lloyd was able to draw up exactly what I was envisioning.
This really is a great shop.

I came to Phoenix for a weekend and at random decided I would get a tattoo.
I allowed my gps to guide me and it led me to Lloyd at Gypsy Rose.
I knew exactly what I wanted, but I couldn't really explain it.
Somehow he got it and made it happen.
This tattoo is very near and dear to me!
I'm happy that with my lack of details he was able to do more than I expected.
I was nervous (as if I was new to this) and he totally talked me through it, which put my mind at ease.
Before I knew it, it was done and perfect!
I definitely recommend him!
-Seahawks fan

Cover up tattoo by Lloyd this week...
I love it, it's better than I imagined it could be!
Lloyd is a true artist who just started drawing and reworking the piece until it was  amazing!

I've had two awesome experiences at Gypsy Rose so far.
We stopped in on the annual Friday the 13th $13 Tattoo day, and while I was happy with the results from Lloyd, I was just as impressed with the service, friendliness and professionalism of the other employees--particularly the assistant who was taking forms and keeping everything in order while the place filled up like gangbusters.
I came in for a larger, more serious piece by Lloyd a few weeks later.
He fit me into his schedule and drew a clean, impressive piece right in front of me.
I couldn't be more excited with the execution.
I've seen some of the work of the other tattoo artists and it's just as impressive.
The location is right off the freeway and centrally located in the Metro area.
The price was more than reasonable, the service was consistently some of the best I've had in a tattoo parlor, and everything was clean and professional.
If you're in the market for a tattoo, stopping by this place is an absolute must.

Been waiting to get a tattoo and after lots of review searching and advise seeking I decided to go to gypsy rose..
While driving back from lunch with Grandpa I saw the sign!
Gypsy rose.. Hmm I have nothing to do today lets stop in check it out..
Walk in with a warm hello!
How are you?
I talk to them tell them what I want and they said right on lets do this..  We joked laughed felt at home tattoo is done and now I am looking for my next piece of work knowing that I know what I want and finally have a shop to call home

I went into this shop already expecting good things because my fiancé already goes to see Lloyd.
And when I was done I was even more happy than I thought I was going to be initially.. Lloyd is a true artist.
I came in with what I wanted and he took the picture and drew up something for me.
When I came in the next day I was so stoked to see that what he'd drawn up was exactly what I wanted and more.
He was super chill during the entire tattoo, and everybody there that I came into contact were really nice, easy going and professional.
I definitely recommend gypsy rose tattoo to anyone looking to get some work done.

