Joey loves milkshakes.
Who knew?
Been meaning to check this place out since Christmas Eve when I met a Spanish lass who A) told me of it, and B) works there.
Checked it out for the first time this weekend and simply had to go back again the following day (a good 15 mins out of my way for good measure too!).
The idea is a very cool one: milkshakes and snacks served up downstairs and a hip and happening rec room on the upper floor for youngsters to chill out and socialise, complete with fussball table, music videos and.... air hockey!
Not being funny but some small children may be getting launched off that table very soon...!
As far as the milkshakes go, ShakeAway will be tough to beat.
With an extraordinary range on offer, behind the counter more closely resembles Willy Wonkas Chocolate Factory than it does a milkshake place.
At first glance I thought it doubled as a sweet shop, but the Skittles and Dime Bars and Oreos and plethora of other confectionary are the ingredients that get blitzed and bashed to make up the bodies of these delectable babies!
My first visit saw me walk out (on the advice of my Spanish friend) with a Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, Chocolate and Vanilla badboy.
Loved it so much I went for another on the second round, with the addition of Dime Bar.... oh my lord...!
Go, go now and try these as soon as you can!
ShakeAway also offer light snacks like fries, nachos and cakes.
Prices are inexpensive (£3-£5 for a large shake, dependant on ingredients; £2-£3 for food, etc.
)  All in all a genius little place and with Summer round the corner, expect them to be teeming.
Just expect to fend off droves of jacked-up kids on sugar highs as you try to negotiate a way to the counter!

The concept here is great - milkshakes with just about every possible sugary, chocolatey, biscuity, cakey ingredient you can think of.
I've been a couple of times but it hasn't quite worked for me just yet.
For a start, only offering one flavour in the standard £3 shake seems rather disingenuous as choosing just one flavour would miss the whole point of this place.
Who wants only one ingredient?
That's basically a McFlurry.
I also think they should have more set combos to give you ideas and overcome the paralysis that results from the huge list of flavours confronting you on the menu.
I had one of the specials that was £3.75 and had a mixture of about three things in it.
Rather nice but didn't blow me away.
But the thing that really annoys me is the tiny straw.
What's the point of making thick shakes with lots of chunky bits then providing a skinny straw that can barely manage the shake, let alone any of the chunky bits?
They really should have focus grouped this one as it's the centre of the whole experience.
It's like sucking a golf ball through a garden hose.
Sort it out, people!

You can have just about ANYTHING you want in a milkshake.
From Haribo to caramel shortbread to actual pieces of gold.
The normal milkshakes are made with vanilla ice cream or you can get a healthy low fat option.
I had the caramel shortbread milkshake for £2.95 and it was DELICIOUS.
So, need I say anymore?

