Alida Restaurant Supply has been servicing Arizona Restaurants for over 20 years.
We are the industry leader in the distribution of restaurant equipments and commercial hospitality furniture including custom booth.

Alida is a great place to get anything related to restaurants.
Even for customers that do not own restaurants, there are great items that can be used in the kitchen at reasonable prices.
The customer service is great, and the workers are always willing to help out.
Make sure to stop by Alida Restaurant Supply!
You won't regret it!

Alida is the place to be where you buy restaurant supplies from small stuff to big equipment, they have competitive price, the staff is very nice and friendly,look for willy he will be able accommodate for all your needs.
if you business is in east valley maybe kind a far but its worth it.
if you order a lot they will be able to deliver to you.
Make sure you check it out

The best place for all your restaurant supply .
Best price and good customer service

If you own a restaurant, or simply want kitchenware, Alida is the place for you.
They are extremely reliable and trustworthy and offer the best prices and deals.
Alida was originally Bigpan, so I have been a customer since Bigpan Operations.
Since they have become Alida, I regularly rely on them for restaurant equipment and furniture.
Not only is their equipment of the highest quality, the staff is always attentive, friendly, and helpful.
Sometimes if you don't know what you're looking for, entering a store may be overwhelming, but their customer service is excellent.
Right now they are helping me to reupholster my furniture.
I love to come to Alida because they consistently take care of me as a loyal customer.
There's no doubt about it--you need to stop by Alida Restaurant Supply!

Holy Restaurant Supply Batman!
This place has it all.
They have so much in stock and on hand it's incredible.
Yes they are open to the public and have tons of dining furniture on hand to purchase in quantities small to large.
I can't even begin to describe how cool this store was.
I felt like I was on iron chef with the commercial grade equipment, and the staff was so awesome (even though I was purchasing a relatively small quantity of 4 to 6 dining room chairs).
Highly recommend.

