The burgers were good.
Nothing faboulous and there burgers are a little big for my liking.

I loved eating here, the place was clean and the service was excellent.
Keep it up

This has to be one of the best fast food joints in town.
The place is new, clean and nice looking.
The staff greets customers as they enter.
The Whatachicken sandwich is my favorite.

Our favorite spot to stop before leaving Phoenix.
Great hot fries

French fries were cold and looked horrible.
They really needed to change the grease in the fryer as it was long overdue.
I ordered a double meat and cheese and when I got home and opened it up to eat it I noticed there was bacon on it.
I did not order it with bacon.
I overheard the man in line ahead of me ordered a double meat with cheese and bacon.
I do not eat bacon.
So obviously I was given the wrong order.
I really dont understand the decline in service these days.
Not just here but everywhere you go it seems nowadays.
I understand mistakes happen but I was not going to hop in my car and drive back to this location.
The dogs got a nice treat.

Very nice staff.
Used to have a prob w them messing up orders but not any more.
Manager Gina is very sweet.

The little asian woman with glasses working the drive thru window, late night, (or as in her case - morning) is wonderful.
She is fast while everyone else is turtle speed.
She is consistently enthusiastic and takes pride in her work, it seems.
I hope she is the manager.
The other emloyees could probably learn a thing or two from the display of her work ethic.
Food is sometimes wrong and they are not really fast paced.
You can see them do everything through that window.
Check your food before you drive home (as you should at any fast food joint).
I LOVE whataburger and will drive pass 2 Jack in the box/McD's to find one.
Every time  If you dine inside, dont get an awkward feeling when they offer to refill your drink!
They do these things here.
They seem to care about their customers.
Very hospitable.

This place is clean and very friendly.
The food is very good and fresh too.
I am writing this review because you can tell this restaurant is operated by a family and I really wish the owner reads this review.
I want to give the owner kudos for being real.
I love this place because they play Christian music on the radio and are not afraid as they shouldn't be to be proud of this.
Don't get me wrong I'm not a church going person but do believe in God and in this day and age where prayer is banned in our schools and other places I am relieved that there are still people out there that keep it real.
Good job!
God bless and keep it up.
Love your concept.
Thanks!

Burnt hamburger.
Took it back, second one same as the first.
Disgusted.
I just walked out.
Left it on the table.
Asked for another salt, she never came back.

What a disappointment.
The only tea they have is sweet tea.
Very sad.
One order taker two points of sale.
If you want ranch with your onion rings there is an additional charge.
Nickel and dime.

