I love this place!
The store is clean and the people are friendly and professional.
They always make you feel welcome, and go out of their way to give great service.

Third times a charm!
I tried two other times to get a pedicure here and they were to busy.
I happen to come on a Sunday when they first opened and had no problems getting in.
The place was clean.
They were friendly and even helped me choose a color.
I was bummed not to have a coupon but I was desperate enough that I paid the 20$ for the basic pedicure.
They have an extensive pedicure menu to choose from, I stuck with the basic which included a massage and warm towel.
I would go back, but probably keep my eye out for a mailer coupon!
P.S.
I did hear they have a mani/pedi special 35$ for both!

Absolutely love this place.
If you call ahead, they can get you a time slot right away.
They have the menu of items and prices that you can select right at the beginning so there's no chance of not understanding what you're getting.
It's also very clean and reasonably priced.
Definitely recommend for Mani Pedi!

This place is awesome!
I've been coming here for months.
I went yesterday for gel manicure and it was a great experience.
They really take the time to make sure your nails are perfect.
I will always keep coming back to this place for mani/pedis because their price is on point and their service is excellent.
I've gone to a lot of other places, there is no comparison to Vy's, they are the best.
Just make sure you call first or make an appointment, they have been getting very busy and I've seen many people turned away because the wait was so long.
If you have an appointment they always get you in on time and reserve you a spot.

With it being Sunday my normal place was closed so I found this place on here and given the 4+ stars I thought why not.
Very clean and sterile shop!
There was a huge selection of polishes.
I was extremely satisfied with pedicure.
I recommend and will be returning !

always loved this place but, the last time i got my nails done I didn't have time to have them painted  I had to get to work.
I came in a couple times after that to have them painted but they were to busy to do them.
So, today I had a new set put on and maybe   thought they would give  me a price adjustment for not having my last set painted  but they didn't and I always tip at least 20 to 30% and have been a customer since they opened up.
Very bad customer service!!!!
You should always take care of your regular customers.
Im very disappointed in Vy's and will never go there again and I will let my friends and family know not to go there, too!!!

This place is what you would expect: fairly relaxing, very hygenic and the service is careful and attentive.
I got a standard pedicure with my mom ($20) and from start to finish, it was about an hour.
they give very long and relaxing leg massages (the full calf!
) and your feet will look and feel lovely!
Nothing was playing on the tv, which was fine with me; the music was 90s pop standards (sure, whatever); the massage chairs were pretty great (I went a little overboard, myself).
All in all, good.
If you're in the area, check it out.
Nothing amazing, nothing bad.

Vy's is great for a pedicure!
Priced at $20 for a basic with a leg massage and $25 with added hot stone massage, absolutely the best!!!
My daughter and I went together, seated next to each other in massage chairs.
Beautiful toes  too!
Worth it, will become a regular.

After having a few bad experiences at a salon down the road, I finally found this place.
I stopped in today around 4pm.
There were maybe 4 people getting nails done and 4 or 5 getting pedicures.
The man told me about a 30 minute wait.
I ended up walking to Jamba Juice (two doors down) to get some cash for a tip.
I came back and found the color of gel polish I wanted.
I ended up getting starting my manicure around 4:20pm.
The tools were autoclaved (method of cleaning I use at the dr office I work in) and very clean.
The lady who helped me was very nice and didn't complain when I asked her to shape my nails a little bit differently after she had just filed them.
She was very friendly and even asked to make sure the shape was correct, as well as the color after she put it on.
I even got a very nice hand/arm massage after the polish was dry.
I was also very very pleased with the price.
It was $25 for a gel manicure, which I believe is very reasonable.
Overall, a wonderful experience.
I will definitely be a regular customer here.

When I get my nails done, I want to feel pampered and confident that the job will be well done.
I went here yesterday after reading the yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.
It is sanitary/very clean and they did a GREAT job.
I got a gel polish manicure and deluxe pedicure.
The woman who did my manicure shaped my nails exactly how I wanted them and gave an amazing arm and hand massage.
The pedicure was great too.
They give you the option to use a Sani-liner for the foot bath but it comes with a deluxe pedi.
I I will definitely be back.

Love this place!
Been going for a few months and the staff and service is always excellent!

Love Alex and the ladies.
I've been to other nail salons but this is my favorite.
I recommend getting an appointment as they are always busy.
BUT they've always squeezed me in when I needed.
I broke a nail once and with only a half hour before they closed, they still took me and were so sweet.
I didn't feel rushed at all and felt really cherished as a client.

Sigh... where do I begin?
I went into the salon a haggard, gnarly-footed woman, and came out a vertiable goddess (at least from the calves down).
I read these reviews on Yelp beforehand and thought - why not try the $20 pedi?
Fantastic idea.
It was amazing.
The lady that did my nails (Lynn, or Lyn or Lin?
) took her time creating perfect piggies out of my misshapen toes and pounded my legs and scrubbed my heels for almost an hour!
My polish is perfect and I can't wait for them to get stubbed just so I can go back and have her redo them.
I have finally found my "pedi lady" and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a complete foot overhaul.

I've been to Vy's a few times and am always satisfied.
I've tried other nail salons and keep coming back to Vy's.
You can call for an appointment or just walk in.
They are a clean salon, have all the colors, do a great job and are open 7 days a week.
It's nice to know that they are always available when I need a good pedicure with a relaxing leg massage.

This place is close to my house, very reasonable prices and the staff are a very nice and attentive.
Clean and relaxing atmosphere.
I've seen men and women alike getting pedicure and manicures.
Usually only wait 5 minutes, even without an appointment.
Many polishes and services to choose from, including waxing.
This salon is very good at gel nails!
Always get gel, my pedicure lasted 5++ weeks!

Love this place.
Staff is super nice and the atmosphere is great and very clean!
My husband loves the hot stone pedicure :) I love everything!!

I tried this salon on Saturday after having a horrible experience at Queen's Nails on Cactus which I absolutely do not recommend.
They were crowded but were able to take me in less than 5 minutes.
Very clean and more spa like environment than most nail salons at this price point.
My spa pedicure was wonderful!
They lady took her time and it was heavenly!
They also had the replay of the Oscar's on which was fun.
Way better than the news or sports which are usually on at Queen's.
I have found my new salon.
Give them a try!
You won't be disappointed.

So I stopped in needing a pedicure today.
The lady, didn't get her name, was nice and professional.
I'm not a talkative person so it was really nice when she just did her thing and I was able to relax with my thoughts.
The massager on the chair was quite effective in helping me to relax.
She did a spectacular job with my feet, especially the callus removal and calf massage.
I had really bad calluses on my heels and she managed to dissolve and scrape most of them off, something I can't seem to do at home.
I chose purpleish nail polish and she did an excellent job making sure the color was even and perfect.
Overall I left feeling quite relaxed and satisfied.
I will definitely be back.

I tried this nail salon for the first time last month and I was impressed.
Their service is great!
They only use clean and sealed utensils.
Their prices are fair and the ladies do an amazing job.
They use massage chairs for their pedicures which is a nice treat!
Definitely would recommend them!

So far so good, today was my first time here.
They were very polite, did a great job with my nails and got me in quickly.
I definitely will be going back!

Ahhh after going to numerous different nail salons here in Phoenix I FINALLY found one I love!
Vy nails is awesome,  staff is great and very accommodating.
I went back to fix my broken nail and she did it quick, I asked how much was it and she said nothing it was only one nail don't worry.
How awesome is that!
I still tipped her $5 anyways.
I totally recommend this place and surely will be returning!

I tried this place because my girls are away for a month, and I REALLY wanted to try to wait until they came back, because NOBODY can hold a candle to them, but my toes were desperate.
When I went in, they were almost twice what I usually pay to begin with.
Then, before starting the pedicure, I specifically told them I already had gel polish on my toes.
They didn't tell me right then and there "that will be an extra $5'.
No, they waited until it was time to pay, and not only charged me for that, but they charged me all kinds of extra fees that I didn't even ask for!
I had also informed the girl that my toenail was loose and needed gluing.
While I was looking at my phone, all of a sudden I felt this sensation, and she RIPPED OFF MY TOENAIL!!!!
Without even asking me!!!!!!
So then she had another girl come and put acrylic on there since the nail underneath was only 1/2 grown.
Again, they didn't tell me how much this would be, or even ask my permission, they just charged me at the end.
The added stone 'massage' was barely a massage!
She rubbed the stones up my lower legs a couple times, and that was it.
It lasted about 30 seconds.
And when I asked for a design, I'm used to getting a board with a bunch of designs to choose from.
She didn't even ask me what I wanted, she just painted a few lines on my two toes and then charge me 5 MORE dollars for that!
Ugh, I don't care HOW ugly my toes look next time, I will NEVER go anywhere else besides Bella Nails again, they ROCK!!!!!!!
This place was appalling.
I didn't want to make a scene, so I just paid the money, but I will NEVER go back!!!!!!

I have not had my nails done this well in a long time.
They r simply the best in AZ!
Thank u so much ~~^^

