I have very fine dry hair that is shoulder length.
Without teasing, tons of hair products or wigs, the signature Dandelion Blowout gave me body and curl (yes, curl) and it lasted 3 days!
The salon is elegant, the staff is wonderful and it is open late.
All types of hair can be handled.

I went there on my lunch hour with an appointment.
I expected to be there 45 minutes to an hour, I was there 1 1/2 hours.
Yes it was a good blowout but if your pressed for time you need to tell them.
And if you make an appointment don't expect to get in on time based on how long it took.

I love this place!
I have visited on several occasions and always get the Mimosa blowout.
The hair is consistently good, service is awesome, and the decor is very chic.
Shampoo bowls and chairs are comfortable and it's a very relaxing atmosphere.
I also have been able to make last minute appointments on days when I just want a good blowout!

My cousin and I went to Vegas with a group of friends for Labor Day weekend and well we HAD to get our hair done for the club.
So glad dry bars are everywhere now.
I found this place on yelp and decided to check it out.
It's a fairly new place and less than 10 minutes from the strip.
As soon as we entered, they greeted us and offered us bottled water while we filled out an info card.
Very nice and clean place!
They start off by washing your hair and giving you an incredible 5-10 minute massage while putting all this delicious smelling shampoo/ conditioner.
Now my hair is super flat and thin, so when I saw my hair finished I was like wow I can't believe it, it looks like I actually have hair!
Andie did a great job with putting volume in my hair, but not too much so it's not like Texas hair as they say :) I got the Daisy blowout.
Loose beachy curls.
It looked so good!
My cousin has thick a** hair, so she took a lot longer to finish, but she got the signature Dandelion.
She looked amazing!
Jo did her hair.
These ladies know how to work with all types of hair that's for sure!
It only took about 45min-1hour to finish both of us.
$35 standard price.
We were gonna go back the next to get our hair done again before round 2 of clubbing, but surprisingly our curls stayed in tact!
I kind of feel bad though because I told them we would probably go back the next day :(  but on the plus, they did such a great job we didn't need to go back!
I even still had some curl/body by the 3rd day, but that didn't last thanks to the pool party haha.
All the girls there were sooo nice and outgoing.
Very friendly!
I felt totally comfortable talking to them.
It didn't feel like a prissy stuck up salon.
I only take off 1 star because most dry bars serve you complimentary mimosas, and they didn't :/  They did however offer us bottled water which was nice.
I would totally go back there next Vegas trip!
I just wish they served mimosas hehe.

I booked an appointment online for 12.
I arrived at 11:45,  before they were supposed to be open, but someone was there.
She realized (not immediately) that the girl I was booked with wasn't there, they had screwed up with their scheduling software, but spoke to her boss and said the girl was coming in and would be there in 20 minutes (it was 12:05 at this point).
She then started doing someone else's hair who had booked with her.
My stylist never comes in, and finally the stylist finishes the other person and starts working on me.
Long story short, I left at 1:45 for an appointment that was supposed to start at noon!
And the girl still charged me!
She said she'd give me the rate they give someone if you don't get a shampoo, but after waiting for an hour, it really should have been free.
The blowout itself was only OK, and my hair was still a little damp when she finished.
Despite my telling her to use no product she must have because my hair felt sticky, not shiny like it usually does.
The salon looks cute online but it's in a strip mall next to an Enterprise dealership.
You really overpay for what you're getting, dry bar and other places charge the same for much better blowouts with more amenities and no screw ups.
It's really a locals place so if u're visiting and want somewhere nice, pay the extra and go in your hotel, it will be worth it.

This place was so cute and amazing!
I went here to get my hair done for the marine corps ball on 11/17/12 and my stylists name was Ashley!
She was super friendly and made the whole experience really comfortable.
After washing my hair she asked what type of look I was going for and I got exactly what I asked for!
So glad I found this place while I was in town because it made the whole process of getting ready that day so much easier.

WOW!
I want to yell this from the roof tops...my stylist Keri was AMAZING!!!
I purchased a Groupon for a haircut, blowdry, and deep conditioning treatment for this new salon.
I walked in with damaged, breaking, dry hair and came out with soft, healthy, and yummy smelling hair.
She did a wondeful job with my haircut.
I showed her a pic from a beauty mag and she was able to recreate the exact same cut and style.
The inside of the salon is beautiful.
They use Pureology hair products and Loreal hair color.
Can't wait to go back to change my haircolor.
I am a fan of iBlowdry Salon for life.

Needed a blow out because my usual stylist doesn't work on Mondays and this place was open so I went over.
First, they had a great deal: $24.99 for a blowout, but it's only through Dec. 20.
Second, this place is visually just a really beautiful salon.
I love it when I walk in and it looks like someone took a lot of time to decorate the space.
I was given Ashley as my stylist and she's just a sweet, young girl who is smart and fun to talk to.
She also is really great at doing exactly what you want and not following the picture in a book.
My hair was good, not as good as it is with my stylist, but it did the job.
Next time I'll have her do it more smooth, less body.
The next day it was a little full and hard to tame, but still pretty.
It lost its curl a lot, but like I said, still pretty.
The people are super friendly, the salon is gorgeous and Ashley is just a doll.
I would definitely return.

I am a groupon customer.
Kerri was my stylist and she was great.
I had my hair done for a work Xmas party and absolutely loved my "party curls" And I received compliments on my hair all night.
The salon was also very pretty and relaxing.
I will definitely tell my friends and will return again!

Amazing !!!
Natalia did my hair and style she also did a massage with mint shampoo  I really like this place decoration it made me feel relax  I  really like the style they have great customer services ,;) highly recommended!!

I used a Groupon for haircut, deep conditioning, and blowdry with Jo.
She is such a nice and bubbly person.
It was a practice run of how I wanted my hair for my wedding 3 days later.
Jo made me beautiful and my then fiance was impressed.
Jo is very attentive and from when you first walk in, you feel cared for.
Unfortunately, I live in Seattle but should we go to Las Vegas again and if I was in need for a blowout, I would go to iBlowdry again.
Great customer service but if your pressed for time, just let the staff know and I am sure they would work to accomodate.

Natalia did an awesome job w/ my hair!
The late hours are perfect for me.
I will be a regular!

First of all... what a great price for a blowout...$15!!!!!!!!!
This place is fairly new, but looks very spa like when you walk in.
The staff was friendly and informative on the specials.
My hair stylist was Kerry and she did a great job.
She really took her time with washing my hair, used deep conditioning and even did a mini scalp massage.... i loved it.
I chose to do the mimosa blowout.
Kerry made sure she understood and asked the right questions... how tight do you want curls?
do you want lots of volume?
She was professional and took her time with the blowout.
She used rollers (i think) to help with the volume, and after she curled parts of my hair, she would clip it in a curl until all my hair was curled.
Then she finished it out with styling product.
I plan on coming back because they honor the groupon price and you don't have to buy it on groupon!
Just tell them that you saw $15 groupon price and pay Iblowdry $15 instead of groupon.
Overall, my friends and I were very satisfied with the stylists and our hair styles.

When I first entered the salon, i love the atmosphere and the decor.
It looked so clean and so contemporary.
I had my haircut and I had my hair styled by Keri.
She was such a sweet person and she did a really good job on my hair.
I told her how i wanted it done and she fulfilled it.
There was another young lady named Andie and she was very helpful too and friendly.
I feel that I got a five star service.

Love, Love, LOVED THIS SALON!!!
I came here with a groupon for a cut, condition and style and I was sooo impressed with the work done!
I went the week before Halloween and all the girls were all dressed up in their ghoulish best!!
Beautiful makeup and costumes!
They were all very sweet and I feel like even though I had come in with a prepaid deal I was still given the full treatment and will be going back!
Thank you for making my time at your salon fun and for making my hair look it's best!!

On our honeymoon, Las Vegas was another place we stopped for a couple of days.
You may note that in other reviews I've written.
I saw this place had a Groupon.
I made an appointment online and then showed up an hour later.
When I showed up, the girl told me the online scheduling system wasn't really working well and they hadn't gotten kinks out and I'd have to come back in a couple hours if I could.
The place looked brand spanking new and she profusely apologized and was the only one there.
I did come back a couple hours later and was given great service and a sexy blow out that made me look and feel stunning!
I can't give 5 stars because 5 stars is something I don't give lightly.
I have very curly hair and I have had better and much worse blow outs than I received here.
Given that I have had better, I can't give 5 stars.
When I say better what I mean is my hair really lasted me and was totally silky smooth with 0 frizz and lots of volume and I was able to wear it down for at least 3 days.
It's very hard to do with my hair, but it can and has been done.
Weather was not a factor.
If I lived in Vegas, I would definitely come to this establishment again.
I was there on 9/28/2012.
They had just opened.
I would assume by now they have lots of staff filling up all the chairs I saw empty when I was there.

I had this place bookmarked for a while and was really intrigued by the concept: come in for a blowout (style) just like classy ladies did in the '50s!
I'm a pretty low-maintenance gal, profile picture aside.
(That is my "professional" photo and of course I have to look all fancypantz in it!!
)  I am not gifted in the art of hair styling and since I had a performance last weekend, I was wondering how to get my hair performance-worthy.
Aha!
I called iBlowdry and the sweet girl who took my call got me an appointment fairly quickly.
Upon arriving, I was immediately impressed by the clean and modern aesthetic; the place is decorated in cool white and aqua and the stylists all sported very unique, chic looks.
My stylist took me to the shampoo area, then led me to her magic chair, where she immediately started blowdrying and curling.
About 30 minutes later, my long, rather lackluster locks were transformed into softly curling tresses.
I loved it!
I felt like a princess when I left and I know that my hair complemented my performance dress onstage.
iBlowdry offers full hair services (cuts, colour, etc.
) in addition to blowouts/style.
The salon also has a nail menu for those wanting to pamper their digits.
I'll definitely be coming back to this place again.

So very disappointed I was in town for a wedding and I needed to get mine and my children's hair done I called at 12:45 saying I was lost and needed help finding where I was going a young woman on the phone did not know where she was going and tried to tell me to go south rather then north.
I called again at 1 o'clock saying that I was on the right road and looking for them and they still do not offer me any other directions and when I kept saying im not from around here.
They said make sure to be here by 115 will have to cancel your appointment.
I called at 1:15 saying was still lst and hoped they could work with me on the cancelation fee.
The woman I was speaking with said she would have to call her manager and she would get back to me.
She called me two hours later stating am sorry but we will still have to charge you and that's that leaving  me no name of supervisor I can speak with and when I want to check my bank account have a good charge half-price for services we did not receive.
I understand that there was a cancellation and they do have policies but when I was not offered any type of reasonable directions and I was not offered any kind of help in any way charging me half for each service I feel is ridiculous  and mean.
Be very wary if you're not from Las Vegas they don't know where they're located nor do they know how to give reasonable directions or help someone I'm sure they do a fine job for everyone else but as a tourist attempting to look use a local business and support local services I am more than disappointed.

Went as part of a wedding party-- first they have weird hours and the owner showed up late to open doors at noon.
Hair portion was fine, nothing fancy: most of the girls got simple curls.
We had all planned on getting manicures-- it didn't work out.
I didn't get one which is good because the two that did ended up needing to get their nails redone at our hotel.
The nails were jagged, miscut and quite unprofessionally done.
I have never seen professional nails that bad.

Great service and beautiful results.
Appointment was easy to book.
Will be telling everyone I know to come here at least once while in Vegas.

Found this place online while I was planning my trip to Vegas for my 24th birthday.
I really loved the experience.
I came a little late so they weren't able to wash my hair.
I think that helped my hair to keep its curls.
I have very thick and stick straight hair so that's why I wanted to have a professional style it.
I got the Dandelion look and the curls stayed on for 3 days after my appointment.
Will definitely visit again when I come back to Vegas.
Thank you so much!

I was excited to get my first blowout, and even more excited when I found a Groupon for $15.
I'm pretty lazy and not creative when it comes to my hair, so I was definitely excited to have my hair have flowy curls like everyone is wearing.
The salon was really sleek.
They took me back to wash my hair, and started the process.
I informed the girl my hair is thick, with a natural wave in it that I usually blow dry out with a round brush.
I picked out the style of curl I wanted from the menu, I wanted what they called "the mimosa" which is loose beach waves, basically every girl is wearing their hair like these days.
After she dried my hair, I had planned to watch her curl it so I could learn and hopefully do it myself at home.
As I'm watching her, she's curling my hair under with the curling iron, I'm not a hair stylist, but commom sense tells me to get a side curl, you don't curl it under.
So, I'm turned away from the mirror and I can't see what's going on until the finished product, she spins the chair around and shows me my hair.
I think my face said it all, "oh" is what I said.
She replies "yea you are right, your hair doesn't hold curl, I tried" I said, "yeah I've done a better job myself at home".
My hair looked NOTHING like what the THEIR picture looked like, or what I was wanting.
Aside from my hair not turning out, the conversation that the girl was having with her coworker was so unprofessional.
I won't get into detail, but pretty much talking about their personal lives, their very personal lives.
I felt uncomfortable for a minute and the other girl sitting next to me even glanced at me as in "WTH".
I don't see myself returning here since I can do a better job myself.

Had my first dry bar experience here and so far not a fan.
I am giving them one star because of how clean and sleek their salon is.
A friend and I found a deal for a deep conditioning and blowout on Travelzoo and we decided to give it a try.
We are both very particular when it comes to our hair but a blowout seemed perfectly harmless.
The hairwash was okay but my relaxation kept getting interrupted by the water splashing on my arms and forehead.
As for the style, my friend went in with a picture and I just asked for natural beach waves.
Pretty standard.
We both came out with the EXACT same hairstyle when we clearly asked for two very different looks.
My curls looked nothing like beach waves and I felt like I was about to go to a hoedown my hair was so big.
I HATE having my hair full of spray and don't even think about bringing a teaser to my head.
All I kept saying was natural, natural, natural!
Even after a night's sleep I can still smell the spray and heat from my style and my hair still feels super stiff as well.
I am just especially disappointed because I decided to redeem my deal right before my birthday.
I will not be returning.

i've always been drawn to blow dry salons because...come on, a girl loves to get pampered.
i booked for a simple $10 scalp massage online but when i arrived i was told by the girl that a scalp massage is a 10 minute massage and hair wash and you leave the salon with wet hair.
she suggested i get a blow out which was $30 and i said sure why not.
the scalp massage was possibly the most horrible massage i have ever received in my entire life, lol no joke.
she shampooed my hair and started the massage as she conditioned my hair.
the shampooing chair had a horrible neck cushion, it kept moving downwards so nothing was holding my neck up.
i even pushed it up myself to let her know that i was uncomfortable and she didn't do anything about it.
the neck part continued to slide down as she "massaged" my scalp.
the massage pretty much consisted of her scratching my head with her hails, she applied absolutely no pressure and i was honestly wishing it would end earlier.
my hair was soaking wet and my entire head was freezing while she was "massaging", my neck had no support and i was honestly almost in pain.
good thing it only lasted 10 minutes.
i asked her to not put heat in my hair and to simply blow dry and make the ends a bit curled for a natural look.
she didn't really know how, but it looked alright in the end.
i don't know how someone as a hair stylist doesn't know how to do a simple blow dry.
during the blow dry, it was semi awkward as i say there with no mirror in front of me while the two girls (the only two stylists in the salon) chatted about their personal life.
i don't remember her name nor did i ask for it.
i figure i shouldn't reveal it anyway since she was at least nice.
i still tipped her well, but i will not be coming back to this place.
if only the service was as amazing as the interior design.

I came into the salon at 7 pm there was one girl blowing out a woman's here I told her I came for a pedicure she said she wasn't taking anymore clients so you have 4 hours until you close and I can't get a pedicure.
If I was a manager I would have fired that girl for turning away money for my business

The only thing I hate more than washing my hair is blow drying it.
My hair is incredibly thick and usually about half way through the arduous process of drying it, I give it up, leaving me with a slightly damp, unsexy bed head look.
Not cute.
Trust me.
On my recent trip to Vegas, my thick ass hair was the last thing I wanted to worry about so I booked an appointment at iBlowdry.
Like a skilled magician, Kesha transformed my unruly mane into a sleek masterpiece with loose curls.
It was like watching David Copperfield work.
If your hair could use some magic, go see Kesha!

I moved to Vegas from NYC, where I had an amazing hair stylist for 3 years.
I was reluctant to get a blowout in Vegas, but went to iBlowdry and the experience was great.
I got a quick trim and blowout with complimentary mimosas.
Also, two of my friends came with me and the staff offered them mimosas too, even though they weren't customers.
I give the service and the quality 5 stars.

I wanted to get a hair cut and style and I saw a great deal on Groupon so I jumped on it.
I called that day and they were able to fit me in, I was surprised that they opened so late major plus.
I got there and Princess (my stylist) took me about 15 minutes early.
She was very friendly offered me water.
She was very open to the pictures I showed her how I wanted my hair.
She washed my hair only thing I would criticize is my scalp massage, she was very gentle, I like deep scalp massages but next time I'll open my mouth.
She offered me a mimosa, yes please!
She cut about 4 inches of my hair, she was telling me every step she was doing, to make sure I was ok with it.
She blew out my hair and even offered to curl it.
Results were amazing.
I highly recommend!
I will defiantly be back!

BEST experience by far and I'm a blow dry addic.
Flew in for a lil weekend getaway and my hair is the most important thing for me to feel Confident and I LOOOOVE what mah Girl Kesha did with my hair!!
She washed, blow dried and threw in curls for a GREAT $35.
Did I mention my hair lasted all weekend long..... definitely got a BANG for my Buck.
I got MORE than what I expected.
Definitely going back every time I'm in town!

I had a blowout from Princess.
I loved how it looked and that she took her time.
She was very friendly.
The only reason I gave 4 stars is because I was ridiculously uncomfortable the entire time.
The hair washing bowls were by far the worst I've ever experienced and my back was killing me from the styling chair as well.
Also, I let her pick which style knowing that I was going to be sleeping on my hair (8pm appointment).
I went to be around 10:30pm and when I got up at 6am you would have never known how beautiful it looked the night before.
Can't really hold that against this place, but I have gone to other salons and had my hair last 2 days.
I will go back and try again.

I was in Vegas for a wedding so I decided to make an appointment at iBlowdry Salon.
Diana was my stylist, she did an amazing  job on my hair.
My hair was shiny and had the perfect bounce.
The salon has a great decor, clean and has friendly staff.
Thank you Diana- my hair looked amazing saturday night- i got a lot of compliments :)

Like many other reviewers, I went in on a groupon special.
$35 for a cut and blowout.
All things considered, I'm very happy.
The cut is professional and well done.
The blowout was a new experience for me, but I think it turned out well.
My stylist gave me a bunch of curls and volume for a black tie event later the same evening.
I was very worried it wouldn't hold, as I have very fine hair, but I'm home from the ball and still have a head full of curls.
I did add a little more hairspray, but it was probably unnecessary.
I took away one star because my stylist didn't do exactly what I wanted.
She cut it the way I wanted, but she left it a little longer than I wanted it to be.
I could have had her cut more off, but it looked good & I was tired.
Despite this little snag, I'll go back again, no doubt.

I loved this place ..
It's very clean and they were very professional !!
Raquel was my stylist and she did a great job!!
I would definitely recommend them!!!
(Especially my stylist ) $ price are reasonable $

This salon was great.
Yes, off the Strip, so you have to factor in time and taxi ride (~$12 with tip from Mandalay Bay) but it still winds up being so much cheaper than any place you find on the Strip.
And based on other reviews I've read about other places, you get just as good of service, if not better.
We came before an early weekend wedding.
I called in advance and they were nice enough to set up an appointment with two of their girls before they even opened just for us.
The one thing I will say was time management wasn't the best...I didn't wind up getting makeup because there were 3 of us and 2 of them and they spent too much time on the bride and other bridesmaid's hair.
I can't complain that they spent extra time on the bride!
But I loved the fact that they gave you several options for the blowout to choose from (point to a picture of what you want your hair to look like!
) and they did a great job of having the hair stay in place for the rest of the day.
As for the make-up.
The bride looked beautiful.
The other bridesmaid wasn't super thrilled about her makeup but I thought she looked nice (matter of personal taste I guess!
) and they did have time to apply some eyelashes for me.
They did a great job there!
All in all, I'd go back again for sure.

If I could do a negative star.
I would.
I'm not very picky I just like great customer service & people who work in an establishment should be capable of their job.
My friend & I came to get a simple blowout.
My hair was so tangled after shampoo.
I asked what product the salon used & she told me it was probably the cause of my tangled hair.
Wait?
What?
I was asked to pick a photo of the 'style' I was looking for.
It wasn't looking a thing like it so, I asked to use their flat iron to finish myself.
Every employee was standing around blank faced like they didn't know what they were doing.
My friend had a bad experience, she left there looking like she hadn't even received a wash.
I had came to this location last year & the girl did great.
Idk what happened but I'd nvr go here again.
Or anywhere associated with them even.
Ever again.
Def thumbs down.

Is the salon nice?
Yes.
Are they friendly?
Yes, definitely.
Are they better at blow drying my hair than I am?
Nope.
Got the "Mimosa" blowout the first go around and I honestly felt like my hair looked more like the picture when I came in than when I left.
Plus I had a weird cowlick going on with my bangs.
I wanted to fix it myself, but didn't want to offend the stylist.
The second time around I got the "Fox-Tail-Lily" and got the "Mimosa" again on the third go-round.
I won't be back, but that doesn't mean I don't recommend them.
There were groups of girls there getting ready for a night out that ended up with great hair...maybe they are just better at doing your hair if it's really long and easier to style anyway.
Give this place a try, most people seemed really happy!

I went to IBlowdry today and had my first blowout.
My hairdresser was Arliss and she did a great job.
I highly recommend her and I will definitely be back!
Thanks again Arliss for a great experience!!!

Today was my first time at iBlowdry and it was a great experience.
My stylist, Arliss, did a fantastic job!
I would definitely go back to her again.
I'd never had a blowout before...
It was very thorough and left my hair looking beautiful and healthy.

If you are near the strip and need a style, or just want to be pampered, this is the place to go.
It is a full service salon, so you can get a blow dry, a mani/pedi, and also a color retouch.
Everything you need to look fabulous for a night out.
I recommend Arliss or Chantal.
Either one will treat you right and have you leaving looking beautiful.
It's such a cute, clean salon!
I love visiting this salon every chance I get!

