Jonathan Chao will work hard to earn your business and take care of you.
I did quite a bit of comparative shopping, and Jonathan and Prolific were the best combination of personal service and price.
He will find a solution to fit your needs, whether high volume or low.
If you are shopping for a merchant processor, he is at the very least worth a call.

I am very disappointed on the customer service in general.
I had a seasonal business and I made an agreement with them before I gave them my business that they have to put me inactive for a good number of months and will let them know to activate me again.
I called to put my account inactive immediately after the season was over.
came to find out they were still pulling money from my bank.
called again and I was assured they will process my request and refund the money.
saw them again pull the money from my bank draft next month.
I spoke to the so called supervisor and promised me on the stack of bible to correct the problem and refund me the mounting unnecessary charges.
to my dismay after 4 months, I saw my statement got charged again.
I was so fed up, and decided to go to my bank instead, paid a fee to initiate a stop payment.
I felt that I rather pay a fee one time than have to deal with this ***.
by the way, I am writing this not to smear anyone's reputation but to make you aware that a good company can become bad because of the customer service you hire.
I know im sure for many you are satisfied.
Apparently my experience with them was horrible.
by the way, I gave prolific the benefit of the doubt bec they did the same to me last year.
now they've done it again.
So what does that tell me?

Their rep in my city that signed up our two businesses for merchant services changed the paperwork on one of them (on one page) to reflect fees I did not agree to.
My signature is not on that fees page.
After repeated attempts to reason with them to no avail I have to say I would strongly recommend any business owner to think twice.
Make sure you KEEP everything you sign for years if you choose to do business with them!
We signed up with them two years ago.
My rep for them at the time switched one page in my contract (which I cannot prove because that one page is not in my copies of the paperwork I kept) and now I'm paying a huge fee that I did not agree to.
In the last six months my monthly fees tripled even though my number and dollar amounts of transactions did not change.
Go to your bank for a merchant account because most no longer have long term contracts anymore, as it should be.
My other business that I signed up on the same day with them contained the correct fee agreement but they cannot understand that we never would have signed our other business under the fee terms they claim that we did.
We no longer do business with Prolific Business Solutions and never will again.
Their shortsighted view of this situation is both aggravating and surprising.

