Visited the phoenix public market - open air market - farmers market they have on saturday mornings and decided to give mojo bowl a try!
They are at the market for food truck fridays also.
Check out their website for their usual schedule.
They can take cash or credit (with square).
I tried their strawberry banana smoothie and my wife had the Funky Monkey (peanut butter / chocolate blend).
They were both great quality with fresh ingrediants.
They serve salads, yogurt parfaits, and soup also (which I didn't try) but Ive heard their smoothies was where they shine and they did not dissapoint.
Give them a try, at $5.00 for a 24 oz smoothie, you can't really complain about the price - its basically a meal itself.

Me: Scott, mix me up my usual and make it dirty.
Scott: Sure thing Dolores one Green Monster with blueberries added headed your way.
I make a meal (generally Saturday brunch or Wednesday dinner) out of one of many of the Smoothies Scott offers up at Mojo Bowl.
He also offers my 1st love Shaved Ice in many natural flavors as well as lush green salads, warm soup and don't forget a chocolate covered frozen banana or a greek yogurt granola parfait for dessert.
Scott prides himself on providing quality nutritious options and exceptional customer service.
He definitely gives his VitaMix blender a good work out.
You are always sure to get a warm smile and a tasty nutritious meal or snack here.
Not to mention the funky ol' school grooves he usually has going keeping the mood light & lively wherever he roams.

My daughter and I have had the pleasure of trying almost all of the smoothie varieties Mojo Bowl offers.
Each one was delicious, made with fresh ingredients and they were all served with a smile.
The owner/operator is a really nice guy who is passionate about healthy food and fitness.
If you're thinking about visiting a food truck event and you see Mojo Bowl in attendance, I would highly recommend getting something.

Scott's smoothies are phenomenal!
I've yet to try any of the monsters but I've had the banana bread and the PB&J before.
They're so filling.
My boyfriend loves the strawberry banana.
The salads look pretty tasty; definitely on my "to try" list.
Scott (the owner) has always been super friendly whenever we've gone, so I question the previous reviewers assumption.
Sounds like a lot of guessing there...  You won't go wrong with mojo bowl.
For $5 you're getting a meal in a cup!

Need an energy boost?
Well, how about a #MojoBoost?
For $5, Scott will blend you up a delicious and nutritious 24 oz.
smoothie that will help keep you cool and refreshed during the hot summer days as well as keeping your energy up and running.
I've never been a fan of Red Bull, Monster, or any other energy drink because it doesn't tend to give me the positive energy I need to get through my day.
The excessive amounts of sugar and the crashes afterwards are not appealing to me and, probably, to you, my readers.
With 12 handmade smoothies, along with salads, soups, and yogurt parfaits, the Mojo Bowl is THE place to go to get a deliciously healthy lunch or pick-me-up for your day.
Very inexpensive, fresh and made-to-order just for you.
Scott is very friendly, outgoing, and takes pride in making sure that his customers get the Fuel Food they need to get through their work day and/or workouts.
If you attend the Farmer's Market or any other event in Phoenix and you see Scott and Mojo Bowl, stop by and get #MOJOfied!
Mojo Bowl... F.T.J.
Approved!

I first saw them Saturday morning at the Phoenix Public Market and told myself that I would have to try them soon.
I was too full from all the sampling with the different vendors.
My coworkers and I went to check out the food trucks that gather on Thursday outside of Whole Foods by Raintree and the 101.
I saw that Mojo Bowl was there and made my mind up right away to get their food.
I decided to get the Red, White, and Kale salad.
I love quinoa and kale so it was the obvious choice for me.
I also wanted to try one of their smoothies out.
I went with the Coco Coca.
The description mentioned that it was like a drinkable Almond Joy and I was sold right there.
The total came to $13, not too shabby considering the portions.
I didn't even touch my salad because the smoothie was so fulling, definitely a meal in itself.
Towards the end of the work day I was getting hungry and decided to try some of the salad.
I was asked if I wanted a balsamic or raspberry vinaigrette to go with the salad.
I told the guy whatever tastes better and he told me that would be the raspberry vinaigrette.
The salad was delicious.
The kale was chopped up so finely that it really didn't have a taste so if you're not a huge fan of kale you might still like the salad.
The portion was huge, it was good for 2 meals.
I try to eat healthy and like to support local businesses.
Mojo Bowl definitely brings those two together for me.
I can't wait to try more of their smoothies and food out soon!

I have visited this food truck a few times now.
The salads and smoothies are all delish!
You can find the truck at the Phx Market on Wed and Fri!

I love the story of how Mojo Bowl evolved.
While waiting for my smoothie, there's a small flier that describes its origins and made me even more excited for my smoothie.
The first time I tried Mojo was at the Saturday's downtown farmer's market.
It was a rather hot morning and I really wanted something to cool off.
Luckily, Mojo Bowl was there to rescue me!
I can't remember the exact name of the smoothie, but the ingredients were tropical sounding and I was sold.
(I'm a sucker for that sort of thing.
) It was a good idea too!
Even my husband stole a few sips and enjoyed it.
I'm definitely looking forward to trying more of their flavors.

For someone on a perpetual quest for açaí bowls, 'tis a bold claim to make... but, Mojo's PB Monkey has set the new standard.
So why's this açaí newcomer food truck kicking so many asses and taking so many names?
Let's pick apart the product:  The blend: organic açaí, wild blueberries, banana, peanut butter, and chocolate almond milk.
I gotta give props for the organic açaí, and the finished product tastes like it contains powdered açaí, not sorbet.
This might be less fun for people who want to pretend they're eating ice cream, but my recommendation is to go get ice cream if that's you.
The peanut butter is natural (and delicious) and almond milk is exponentially better than soy milk or apple juice in every regard.
Plus, even if there's some added sugar, it's chocolate-y, and I dig that.
The toppings: Laura's Gourmet Granola, banana, walnuts, dried cranberries, carob chips, and honey.
Mojo uses granola made in Tempe, and even though it contains brown sugar and canola oil (tsk tsk) there's only a sprinkling of it on top.
Places that overload their bowls with fatty, sugary granola turn the whole thing into a hippie-dippy sundae of regret.
The walnuts, carob and fresh banana on top were a perfect combination, and I skipped the honey and dried cranberries because it was sweet enough without them.
The PB Monkey combines all the best things about açaí bowl into one: it's healthy, filling, nutritious, uses local/wild/other expensive-sounding words/natural/organic ingredients, and leaves you feeling awesome.
$8.50 for a bowl of happiness that keeps me satisfied through lunch time?
Açaí, I say yeeee.
P.S.
- Good people of Mojo, might I suggest using a larger bowl?
Trying to mix the piled-up toppings into the blend is damn near impossible without spilling a few good morsels and then lying on the ground, sobbing, while watching them melt in the sun.

Food cart that now serves Acai Bowls.
I love this guy.
Next time I'm there I will ask for all the goodies to be placed on the bottom of the bowl and place the acai on top.
I lost way too many goji berries.
I'm going back to this place

What started as a single smoothie (post Insanity workout) has turned into a full blown Mojo Bowl addiction!
From the first time I tried the banana bread smoothie, Mojo Bowl is pretty much a daily craving.
I love the story behind Mojo Bowl and it's creator, Scott.
His passion for healthy and delicious food is apparent with every hand created acai bowl.
Just watching him prepare my Xena bow was like watching a piece of art being created.
I can't tell you what is the best smoothie, bowl or salad to try, because they are all amazing in their own way.
True story.
Stop by the yellow food truck at the Phoenix Public Market and say hi to Scott.
You will leave with a craving for health for life.

Every time I see the mojo truck, all I want is a PB&J smoothie with a protein shot.
Crap.
Now I want one.

I stalk this truck.
I've been to industrial parks where I pretend to be a tech worker standing in line, strip mall parking lots, and of course the farmer's market.
The bowls are so so absolutely divine.
The owner is super friendly and he makes each bowl by hand with an incredible amount of pride.
You gotta eat here guys!!

Very good smoothies and bowls!
Fills you up!

Well, I really wanted to give this place a try after seeing him the last few weeks at the ASU food truck party.
I asked for a pineapple mango smoothie with strawberries instead of bananas.
The guy told me he couldn't do that because everything was prebagged.
I asked if he had any other smoothies without bananas and he told me no because he really loves bananas.
I understand having everything premade for efficiency but sorry dude, not everyone shares the same passion for bananas as you do.
Maybe if you had a little flexibility on your menu you wouldn't have lost a customer.

Way too expensive for such a little amount.
I have had much better tasting  Acai bowls before and with half the price.
Go to Thrive!
Wont be flexible by substituting strawberries instead of bananas for the topping either.
It's an extra 50 cents for that!
Dumb.
Also, horrible customer service!
I hate to be rude, but don't waste your time or money here.

I try and go here at least once or twice a week.
Love the flavor and love the taste.
Every bowl I have gotten has been off the charts good.
I feel full after eating one and feel better as well.
Amazing.

