I loved Shaina at the Pretty Kitty, and I still love her here.
I think the facilities are a bit nicer at Pretty Kitty, but I can't complain about Brazillians N Brows (located inside of Vanity Flair).
Shaina is super nice, talks the whole time (which helps to distract from the pain), and the prices are actually much more reasonable.
They also offer a loyalty program.
Since my hair hadn't grown out the entire 4 week cycle, she wasn't able to get every single hair, but she did a pretty good job, and got as many of the little hairs as possible with the tweezers.
I'll be back!

I will rarely take the time to make a review, but Brazilians N Brows has by far EARNED my taking the time to do so!
If you are looking for a person who is a professional, talented, and super friendly for your waxing needs then Shaina is the person for you!
I was fortunate enough to find her after a previous place nearly waxed ONE of my eyebrows to non-existence and completely off balance from the other!
Being in a profession where there is a lot of face-to-face I was left horrified and very untrusting of letting anyone "correct" them, but Shaina truly is amazing and fortunately, I found her as she not only restored the balance but she has been my lifesaver each and every time whenever I am in need of any waxing services!
I wouldn't trust anyone else as she truly is the best!
Its great to know such an experienced, talented professional who both listens to what I want and knows what I need!!!
I will follow Shaina and Brazilians N Brows WHEREVER they go as they are more than worth it and you will NOT be disappointed!
They genuinely care about their customers and provide the BEST services and customer care more than any other business I have encountered in this business!
Even my HUSBAND goes in for waxing services with them!!!
I wouldn't go anywhere else and you will not be disappointed!

Obviously a Brazilian Wax is never going to be fun or painless, but Shaina helps make the experience as easy as possible.
I first started using her services at another location, and when she left I tried other aestheticians but I always missed her.
I was so happy to find Shaina again at her new location!
She is always so bubbly and happy, and her conversations keep me distracted so I don't focus on what's going on and tense up too much.
Highly recommended!

I just recently moved to Las Vegas and I've been getting brazilians for a little over a year from the same woman in Los Angeles.
After 2 months here, I couldn't handle it anymore so I yelped a couple of places and the only one available was this one.
I'm always really skeptical about reviews on waxin because everyone's experience is different.
I called up and I was able to get an appt within the hour, which i LOVED.
So I walked into static salon and Shaina was waiting for me at the front desk.
Static salon is nice, the decor was relaxed but modern and edgy.
Different, but I enjoyed it.
Great music BTW.
:)  Shaina had me fill out some info about myself and took me back to the corner of the salon which is separated by some curtains.
Now when I first started gettin brazilians I would've been worried because I used to not be able to handle the pain, but I didn't mind it this time, it was nice and clean so I had 0 complaints.
I undressed from the waste down and Shaina came in and started.
I swear on my life...It was the LEAST PAINFUL brazilian I've ever had.
I don't know if it was the wax or just the way she did it..but I was shocked.
Shaina was really nice and very friendly.
I didn't have a problem talking to her while doing it.
My favorite part was that she was really thorough.
She helped out with any ingrowns I had and went back and double checked for anything she missed using tweezers.
It was amazing.
I also enjoyed the appreciation of how she did the back side.
I'm hispanic and booty and curves are just in my genes but it wasn't uncomfortable and I didn't feel like I was being judged.
Loved it.
Total it only took around 12-13 min, so I was happy.
I loved the experience and I will definitely become a regular customer with Brazilians N Brows.

I'm going to have to knock B&B down a star, which pains me greatly.
It had been some time since my last waxing, and Shaina has now moved to Static Salon off Russell and Jones.
The salon itself was fine, but the waxing "room" was really just an area that was partitioned off with curtains.
It was still fine and clean, but more claustrophobic than I'm used to, and definitely not as aesthetically pleasing as her previous locations.
Shaina again does a very quick waxing (Brazillian and lower legs took around 35 minutes, and I'm tall with very course hair), and is very sweet and talkative, but this time she wasn't nearly as thorough as she's been in the past.
I don't know if it was just an off day, but I discovered 3 patches of hair left (not just stray hairs, actual patches), so I was a bit disappointed.
She didn't do much clean up work with the tweezers this time, so I don't know if she was just rushed, or what.
I'll give her another try and hope that the experience is a bit better; I'd hate to look for another place.

I was always really nervous about getting my first brazilian, so after reading reviews on yelp, i decided to go to shaina at brazilians N brows.
What a relief!
She abated all my fears and in no time it was over and done, barely hurt at all!
Shaina was great, highly recommend to first timers, and i will be seeing her again!

I've been with Nina for almost two years now...I've followed her from place to place because she is that good!
She isn't just my esthetician anymore, she's my friend.
She does a great job!
I look forward to our routine visits and I never had a single complaint (especially from my husband!
) - I would recommend brazilian-n-brows to anyone.
Other thing I love is I'm a plus size woman and she has never made me feel uncomfortable in any way.

Don't be afraid.
Shaina and Nina are the best I've experienced.
I will travel and pay top dollar for great service.
I've been a customer of Shaina's for over a year and have become spoiled with her attention to detail and great service.

I went back to B&B after Shaina read my review here and contacted me immediately.
She was very apologetic about my experience (there were a few patches of hair left last time), and wanted an opportunity to make it right.
She offered to take $10 off my next waxing.
Shaina was determined to get every hair off this time!
As always, she was super friendly and talkative, which helped distract from the pain.
After she finished, she waited outside while I checked to see if there were any areas that needed more attention.
I found an area, and she went back to work, making sure to get all of the hairs off.
I was pleased with her attention to detail and glad that I gave B&B another chance.

The general rule on Yelp is to visit twice before you do a write up, but when it comes to someone pouring hot wax on your bikini parts, well one experience is all it takes.
I came here after The Birthday Suit couldn't fit me in because they were closed for part of the Memorial Day weekend.
No hard feelings towards them-small businesses deserve a weekend off too!
I searched waxing places in the area and came across this one and was able to book an appointment almost immediately with Shaina.
Note: this place is inside of a salon called Salon Static.
This was kind of confusing to me when I rolled up and saw that the address matched Yelp, but the name did not.
Once inside, there was a sign on the check counter for Brazilians N Brows letting me know I was in the right place.
Shaina was running a little behind, but was very apologetic and got the client in front of me in and out fast.
She was really nice, professional and QUICK.
As many other reviewers have said, this isn't an experience that you want to last for an extended period of time.
Shaina told me that she used to work at The Pretty Kitty, and it shows-they have a system there that is as efficient as it is quick, but Shaina does it for cheaper (and is closer to my nail salon).
After coming back to hot wax, I think I prefer this over the hard wax that TBS uses.
Both are uncomfortable, but this one is faster, thus less awkward.
With lots of pool and beach time planned this summer, I'll be back!

Best Brazilian ever by far!
I am an experienced Brazilian Wax Girl and have been getting them done for almost 8 years, and Nina was amazing!!
She was so sweet, made me feel so comfortable and a perfectionist!
Definitely the most thorough job, and had a great conversation in what could've been an awkward situation.
HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend them, and your first time is $10 of!
can't beat it:)

AHHHHHHHH-mazing!!!!
Best wax I've ever had!
Clean, Professional and most importantly I felt extreemly comfortable... never going anywhere else!

Love the pink wax vs the blue hard wax, it's softer and faster.
Shaina was awesome.
Got my brazillian done to photoshoot quality, not one hair left behind.
She did a great job removing most of the residuals as well, most places leave you to your own devices once the waxing is done.
Definitely coming back here whenever I'm in Vegas.

I go get all my body waxing exclusively from Nina at Brazillians and Brows.
Not only is she quick and efficient, she's also very sweet and makes waxing enjoyable.
Nina is able to wax basically my entire body in an hour.
Everywhere I go, women compliment my amazing brows and I swear it's all because of Nina.
I would recommend her to everyone.

I went to see Shaina after being recommended by a friend.
I wanted to get my brows shaped and tinted.
I have never had my brows shaped by a professional, so of course I was nervous!
Shaina made me feel very comfortable and confident in her expertise!
In order to get a sense if my style, she asked me a series of questions.
I really didn't know what I wanted, just a clean up and tint, so I left the decision making up to her.
Shaina quickly and perfectly waxed my brows and started the tint.
After it was applied, she let me see if I liked the color.
I asked her to adjust it a bit darker and she did.
I will definitely be back!
I was so happy with my first time brow shaping  experience that I took a bunch of her cards to share.

Used a yelp deal here and got a brazilian and my eyebrows threaded.
I forget their names but both were done by different women.
Overall a good experience.
I would go back if it were closer to where I lived.

wow!
I LOVE this place.
it probably doesn't hurt that it's less than a mile from where I live too it's a small waxing studio inside of a larger salon and pretty easy to find.
Shaina is a doll and did both my brows and a Brazilian wax (separate occasions) and both times she was very friendly and asked questions about what I wanted out of the wax and gave me exactly what I wanted.
Also, this had to have been the fastest and least painful wax I've ever had.
of course it hurt but it was literally over in 10 minutes so how bad can it really get?
either way my experience here was great and I'll definitely be back!

I really like Nina, she did a great brazilian for me.
She wad super duper friendly, fast and about as pain free as a brazilian can be.
If you're in Vegas and need a good wax, go see these girls!
Best of all they use soft wax which is hard to find out here & if you've only tried hard wax YOU NEED TO TRY THIS INSTEAD..Trust me!!
It hurts a lot less becuase it doesn't tug and pull in different hair directions and feels a lot less abrasive on sensitive skin.

Just moved to vegas 2 months ago and went online to find a good wax company.
I stumbled across Brazilians N Browns and was drawn in by their excellent reviews on Yelp.
I went in, worked with Shaina, and she was incredible!
She made me feel comfortable right away and did a great job.
I'll definitely be coming here from now on for all waxing services.

First of all Nina does an awesome job!
I moved to Vegas a couple of months ago and this is the first wax place that I went to in Las Vegas - and I'm definitely gonna stick with them!
I never have to wait at the salon when I have an appointment; the waxing is done in less than 15 minutes, which is great!
Plus - talking to Nina makes it seem like the time goes by even faster!
She is so sweet, friendly and very professional.
Checking in on yelp gives you $5 off, which is fantastic :)

Ask for Shaina.
She's here Sunday, Monday,  Wednesday,  and Friday.
She's very welcoming and talks to you the whole time so you don't feel so nervous.
If you want something done in a particular way, don't hesitate to let her know.
I made a last minute appointment and she was very accommodating.

Today was my first Brazilian.
I was SO nervous...I was up all night researching and YouTubeing about the process for nothing!
Nina was AMAZING!
She made me feel so comfortable, I knew I was in good hands.
She was very professional and knowledgeable.
It did hurt but she made it bare-able!
I am SO happy with the end results.
I will never shave again and will be making my next appointment with her again!!
You are in good hands with Nina, highly recommended!

Haven't been back for half a year, but after going to other places for Brazilian when Im in other states, I realize a big difference in how much it hurts when Nina did it for me today.
After reading other reviews, apparently this salon uses "soft wax" (?
) which might be what made such a big difference.
Have gone for a few times and always happened to get Nina (Mon, Tues, Thurs, Sat).
She's such a sweet heart and always delightful to talk to.
As other reviewers have mentioned, there's never a wait (unless the person before shows up late, I guess).
Highly recommend.

I absolutely love this place.
I come here religiously every month because of the excellent and quality service that I receive.
I have gotten a full Brazilian, eye brow wax, eye brow tint, and eye lash tint and all have been great.
I always get my eye brows waxed and tinted now and I'm constantly complimented on how great they look!
I have naturally really light eye brows but dark hair so Shaina offered to tint them for me one day, I was terrified because I once had that done a few years ago and ended up looking like someone drew on me with a sharpie.
It was bad.
Well, I decided to let her try because she had never steered me wrong before and I was so right.
My eyebrows looked freaking amazing!!!
I honestly am obsessed with them now!
They look natural and match my hair and skin so well, I've added a before/after picture too.
I could probably go on and on about Shaina and how wonderful she is, but really you should go in and see for yourself.
She's the sweetest person ever and does quality work.
If you're nervous about anything or want something in particular just let her know and she is willing to work with you and talk to you about it.
She'll keep you talking and entertained the entire time that you won't even realize you're getting anything done.
I've never walked out unhappy.

Incredible Brazilians and Beautiful Brows!
After living in Honolulu for many years, I've been through a great share of Brazilians, so I am very particular when it comes to picking out a waxing salon.
I was visiting Vegas for the weekend and stayed on the strip.
I went out of my way just to visit Brazilians and Brows because of the great Yelp reviews, and I'm so glad I did.
I got my Brazilian and brow wax done by Shaina.
Shaina is very sweet and she made me feel so comfortable.
She asked me how I wanted my eyebrows (shape/thickness/arch), and I told her to do what looks best for my face shape.
They were perfect!
The Brazilian was very quick (under 15 minutes) and as painless as it gets.
It was absolutely the best Brazilian I've ever had.
I have sensitive skin and tend to get ingrowns, but my skin did not feel irritated, and now a week later, there are no signs of ingrowns at all.
I highly recommend Shaina and I love that she is a foodie as well!
We were talking about food the whole time.
She definitely knows her restaurants around Vegas and recommended some awesome ones that I actually tried out and adored.
Here's a tip if you're taking a cab back to the strip: I highly recommend that you call early because it took around 40 minutes for my cab to arrive (especially Fridays!).
The fare was around $20.
If I lived in Vegas, this would be my go to for all things waxing!

I recently started going to Brazilians n Brows because my friend recommended Shania to me.
I use to always go to threading places to get my eye brows done because I was too afraid to try waxing out.
But thanks to Shania I will definitely continue to go to her.
Not only is it painless, but it's a great price too!
Also, thanks to her great customer service I will never go to anyone else.
She is the sweetest person who has ever worked on my eyebrows!!
I love Brazilians n Brows :)!

So this was my first ever you know what but Shaina is truly a pro!
She took my friend and me in on short notice and she tried her best to put me at ease.
She is so fast and proficient its like wam bam your done.
I can't say it was pain free because hell no it wasn't!
She doesn't make things weird she just makes you feel like y'all have been friends for a long time.
I would definitely recommend her to anyone.
Oh yea before we got there we were kinda lost.
We called and she informed us she was located in the Static Salon.
Just a lil FYI.
Happy waxing!

I've had a lot of waxing done in my life and I can honestly say this was the absolute best brazilian I have ever had.
I got both my brows and a brazilian and I'm super happy with both.
On top of being an expert waxer, Shaina was friendly, professional, and down to earth.
She takes time to make sure she understands what you want so you get exactly that.
The wax was quick, painless (as far as waxing goes), and looks amazing.
You can tell the products used are good quality and that she is knowledgable and passionate about the work she does.
She will be my go-to girl for waxing as long as I am in Vegas!

