clean!
fast service!
also a great sandwiches inside, check it out (:

This is my friendly (work) neighborhood Gas Station.
It's a block away and I prefer it to two or three other gas stations in the area.
Things I like about this gas station:  #1.
The Staff.
The staff behind the counter are pretty fun and don't hate their job like most other gas stations.
They are mostly female, with a mostly male staff running the Car Wash outside.
The inside counter girls are always smiling, asking everyone how there day is, and making sure that the needs of the customers are met.
Almost flirtatious.
#2.
The Car Wash Guys are Awesome.
So far searching around for the best Deal, their Highest Wash package (Deluxe?
) does regular wash, rinse, wax, under carriage and foam bath for just $11.
That also includes a second area, where they scrub down the wheels by hand and hand dry.
I always tip the Wheels Guys a little more and they scrub that extra little bit that really makes my tires on my SUV shine!
If you go early in the morning (7am-9am) I think-they have a special for just $7 for the best wash offered-plus free Vacuums!
If you don't mind doing the extra little leg work inside your vehicle-you can definitely say $30 doing it at Terrible's.
I usually go a dollar store and pick up basic detailing supplies and just do my own detailing  #3.
The sandwich shop inside is manned by a totally delightful sandwich artist named Maribel that has a great smile and is fun to talk to while she makes your sandwich!
BONUS- The have a Triple Decker Peanut Butter & Jelly Sandwich for just $1.50!
Get outttta HERE!
All in all, I really like the service and attention to detail at this location, and though I don't know any of them as a regular, I always enjoy coming in here and think whoever is managing that location is doing a great job with their staff.
Cheers!
~MikeB

Good little gas station with relatively good prices.
My favorite thing about this station is the early bird car washing specials.
Two dollars off all the car washes before 9am every day and you get a free drink with this purchase as well.
On several occasions they've given us two drink vouchers when there are two of us in the car.
Can't get better than that.
The workers are always extremely friendly and helpful, it impresses me each and every time I come here.
Make sure to tip them, they work hard.

