Negative stars NEEDED.
This is the second time we came here after my son made an appointment w/ Angel and he's made us wait.
Today, this Angel character made my son wait from 11:00 (his scheduled appointment time) said to come back at 12, 12:30 rolls around and my son isn't in a chair.
He also tells my son that he doesn't have him in the books when My son made the appointment in front of me on the phone.
I immediately Yelped another Barber Shop and GQ Cuts popped up w/ 4.5 stars, SOLD.
If you're looking for superior, even mediocre customer service, shoot, you're lucky if you get a look of acknowledgment when you walk into their shop.
Unless you speak the same language as these guys, you won't be taken care of.
I liked my son's cut the first time we came here and is the reason why I let the first time the "appointment mix-up" go, this is ridiculous.
Not only the above, but he also constantly talks on the phone (via douchebag device: Bluetooth) and he cannot say that he's talking to customers bc he's constantly on the phone for at least 30 mins at a time w/ one person not even looking at his "books".
Cesar is the owner and he's the other guy in the shop.
He too, caters to those who speak his language and his regular customers.
I watched him cut an elderly man's hair, talk on the phone, deal w/ the cable guy and with other customers...
The old man's haircut took 1 hour and 30mins, the heck?!
He doesn't have much hair!!!
I don't recommend this place, I won't ever return.

Ceaser seems to "pick and choose" his clients..
So if you're not Cuban, this is not a place you wanna go.. Gets distracted by the tv...
Seems to get annoyed if you ask for a hairstyle that isn't common and easy for him to do.

I'm not sure if the other people that reviewed this shop just had a bad experience, but I've been going to Cesar since he worked at another barbershop prior to opening his own.
I've watched him open his own business and grow which has been pretty awesome.
Contrary to the other reviews, Cesar has always been able to accommodate my schedule as long as YOU MAKE AN APPOINTMENT.
He is good at time management and runs a smooth operation.
Oh, and I'm not Cuban nor do I speak Spanish so they don't pick and choose here.
I've been to many different barbers in many different states.
While many barbers can give a pretty good cut, a lot of them think they are just way too friggin' cool, and that's what I appreciate about Cesar.
He's always in a good mood and is very patient.
He's willing to work with you until you are happy.
Unlike other barbers, he doesn't get annoyed and start treating you like you're asking for too much.
Go check him out!

