Place sucks.
Cool building.
Shithead owner and staff.
Location makes this place hood.
Gets rather dark.

Its an awesome bar with a lot of potential.
Could easily be the best local bar in Vegas if the poeple that manage it were not complete idiots.
The bartenders are nice and the slots are pretty good.
The drinks are a little pricey compared to other local spots and they do not have any drink specials or happy hours.They also dont serve real food just crappy bar food but there is a Robertos attached.
It is however a great place to have a party cause the bar is huge then there is a seperate area with 2 pool tables, darts, golden tee and bcuk hunter.
There is a "VIP" room and a circle lounge area, then another full bar with a dance floor and stage, then there is an outside bar/ Beach area.
Overall on a good night this place is a lot of fun.

This is one of those places that I would not have found if there was not a reason for me to be going there.
I happened to be trying to qualify for the X107.5 wing bowl 4 and the qualifying round took place at Mangos.
Considering I live on the complete opposite side of town this was probably the only thing that would get me over here.
Once we walked in the first thing to catch my attention is the large round bar.
I know you see round bars at all the casinos but for some reason this one struck me as extraordinary, Maybe it was the way they used the space and had plenty of seating and no matter where you sat you got service and you could see the flat screens that surrounded the room.
Obviously for me, the only thing on the menu was wings but from what a few of the regulars in the place said the food is not your ordinary bar food and to top that they have a Robertos that is basically built in to the bar.
I actually did not know it was there until I went to fins the restroom and walked in to the area that has Robertos.
This is a great place to go if you are in the area or live on that side of the city.
The service was great, the atmosphere is great and they offer pool, darts and much more.
Maybe one day Ill make the trip with some friends and go livin the joint up.

I enjoy coming here.
they dont have much of a food selection but luckily there's a robertos next door.
they should make a happy hour menu

Not a fan.
This place has tons of potential, but looks as though the owners ran out of money.
They have an awesome outdoor beach element, but I have been there 3 times and never seen it used!
The place is also huge, but rather empty on most occasions and somehow the place is super smokey even when only a few people are present.
The girl's restroom is also far from up to par.
The plus side would be if you are looking to play a good game of darts or pool the area is almost always up for grabs.

It been long long time the last time was here was back when it was called Boomerangs.
Not much has changed with the bar still sports theme bar with an interesting element of outdoor beach area.
I came for some day or second stop on day drinking tour with friend visiting.
Also too visit one of the best bartenders in Vegas Carly.
They have lot of different beers on draft always plus comes too bars for me.
Lots of television up above the bar that can ask them too change channel and have your own little sportsbook.
Soon walk in nice area of three pool tables, couple dart boards, and bar stools all around relax with friends.
The outdoor bar area sure it might get more use during warmer weather.
Something that unique most people don't know about but without doubt is under utilized.
The food rather mystery because clearly no kitchen area.
They order the food from phone and everything is brought out in too go containers.
Odd.
Nothing special about Mango except Carly.
If your looking for good dive bar Mango would be good choice.

Dropped by to have a cigar and some lunch.
Good selection of drafts, nothing exotic but good beers.
Food selection is limited, I had wings and they were great.
good atmosphere and the outdoor space was great.
It wasn't a really hot day and sat outside and smoked my cigar.
They don't allow glass out there is the only problem.
Biggest asset they have is Carly, what a sweetheart and service was great.
Will me more of a regular now for sure..

Love the staff, good specials, comfortable place with gaming, food & pool.

So...
If you're looking for snooty bartenders that are only nice to you if you're a guy...
This bar is for you.
On average over the length of time I've gone here, I drop $100-$200 at a time in the machines and never ever win.
BUT the main reason I will never go back is because they have lost all of the good staff.
Oh... plus if you feel like peeing in a bathroom that smells like someone pooped on the walls...
This is your bar.
Make sure you leave by 10... cause the drug dealers go there late at night.
Have fun!

Finally decided to come by and check out this place since I live right down the street and pass out all the time.
My friend and I were very limited by our beer choices since they had nothing available on tap.
We were also pretty much ignored since the bartender was mostly focusing on the large party.
It took us over 30 minutes to even try to get another round and another 30 to 40 minutes to try to close our tab.
I will never return to this place.
I'd rather drive 10 miles to my old watering hole before I moved to this area.

Horrible service for a place that is totally empty.
Bartender is extremely unfriendly and works at a snails pace.
Food menu is from Stop N Shop (Gas Station) across from parking lot.
No reason to stop and go inside unless you waiting for food from Roberto's.

