I walked outside the main entrance of the Stratosphere and found this diamond in the rough.
Don't get me wrong, there is nothing spectacular about the place, but the prices are actually affordable, which is a rare jewel in the tourist areas of Las Vegas.
I stopped here for food twice on my trip, once for breakfast, and again for the pizza buffet, and was glad I found such an affordable place close to my hotel.
I even stopped by the Subway at the Circus Circus and couldn't believe they wanted $10 for a footlong.
This place is a must for a budget minded traveler staying at the Stratosphere.
The omelet was decent sized, and the pizza buffet had huge amounts of salad and pasta as well.
I only wish that the Casino section of the establishment had some low stakes table games as well.
I would certainly have preferred to hand a small operation like this my money as opposed to the big casinos.

Awesome INEXPENSIVE Pizza-Salad-Pasta Buffet!
SITREP  There is NOTHING Spectacular about this location (across the street from the Stratosphere) nor it's menu (QUITE ordinary).
And though that does not sound like a stellar-recommendation for someone to "go-out-of-their-way to come to", it IS what it IS, and if you are close by and hungry, this is a stop definitely worth poppin for.
SETUP  As a guest in the Stratosphere, I first noticed Aztec Inn when I was walking to the Circle K (and I should review this Circle K, cause IT is very cool too), and saw that they had a $6.95 all you can eat Pizza Buffet.
I pay this when I do the pizza buffets at Roundtable and Mountain Mike's back in Sacramento.
THE MENU  This buffet was so much better with:  *  A big selection of pizza slices (including a substantial amount of veggies & pesto based-sauces); *  A big selection of leafy greens, lots of different salad toppings and options; *  A pasta bar with a couple of different selections, usually one with a meat sauce, and then another with a marinara or an alfredo-based sauce; and, *  The bottomless soda was also a great plus.
Being in the casino also allowed many patrons to take advantage of the FULL bar nearby which was it's own separate cost (but usually spirits beyond normal beer & wine are available in most pizza establishments, and sometimes not even the beer & wine).
THE LOWDOWN  Sure, it's very quaint, not at all elegant, but if you're trying to mind your money, and don't want to get stuck putting out $50-$70 for a buffet wristband on the strip that will anchor you to only a handful of food & diversity options for three days, then these little out of the way places are true gems to enjoy.

For a little seedy place next to the stratosphere hotel, the food here is VERY good.
My girlfriend got the chicken with mixed veggies and I got the Philly cheese steak which was really good.
A great meal for around $30 and enough food for breakfast before we roll out of Vegas.
We thoroughly enjoyed.
Don't let the exterior of this place fool you.
The food is great.

ok so I walked here because of the reviews in regards to the pizza buffet....I was sad when the waitress told me they don't do that anymore and it's now Thai with some American food.
I was starving so I settled for the Philly Cheese Steak.
OMG!!!
very good and a heaping stack of amazing French fries.
pleasantly surprised that I can have all this in Vegas for about $8.

Sometimes you hit magic.
You know what I mean, that hole-in-the-wall joint that where you would never think to walk in the door, but somehow (for whatever reason), you go in that door, order some food, and you experience some of  the most amazing food that you've had in a long time.. e.g.
Rollin' Smoke BBQ, Fat Choy etc...  OK, this is not one of those places.
This review is for the Asian/American cafe that is located inside of the casino.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but sometimes, it just needs to happen (if you don't believe me, go in this place and check it out).
I personally thought that we have moved past this type of food.
Maybe like 20 years ago this might have been accepted as mediocre food, but now, I,Don't, Think, So!
I was thinking about giving this place 2 stars because the cashier lady was so friendly.
And, she seemed genuinely concerned about making sure that I was alright.
But, the food was speaking loudly too me, it was actually SHOUTING at me!
So, here we go...  5$ Pho: Ok, lets talk about the broth.
I'm talking Top Ramen here peeps.
Like, water + powdered soup base.
That's it.
Mental picture here.
Noodles: Pad Thai noodles.
It looks like they weren't soaked and cooked properly, or possibly they were old because they had that slight woody taste..
The rare beef?
Overcooked, well done (meaning past medium)  thick slices of flavorless beef.
Finally, cilantro on top.
That's all folks.
Plus, i've had a tender stomach last night and the whole day today.
The owners seemed very nice so it pains me to do this.
But I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
I've been very fortunate to hit a lot of bullseye's in my foodie quest in Vegas.
I've also hit some ducks along the way.
Quack muthatruckin' Quack!

