The service here is awesome!
Gentlemen, I recommend the Men's VIP haircut package, you won't regret it!

I don't appreciate making an appointment for a blowout for two people, and then being forced to wait for over an hour to be acknowledged because the staff decided to take a family of fussy walk-ins before we arrived (on time) for our appointment.
Get it together, people.
I couldn't even get my service done because they took SO long.

This is the way a salon should be run.
I had the man's VIP service and that's what I got.
I was greeted with cold water, then my haircut by Tammy who was awesome, then led over to the washing area for a hair wash, face massage, hot towel and 2 other ladies came out and massaged my hands and arms.
perfectly orchestrated and professional.
The salon was professional, clean and quiet and relaxing.
Later I got an emergency call from my wife as she was at a different salon and they ruined her hair, i quickly called Divas and asked the owner if she would take my wife as it was an emergency.
She told us to come over and it was 9pm on a Friday night.
Well my wife walked in in tears and left 3 hours later all smiles.
Yes Divas stayed open till midnight for me!!!
I can't remember a better experience from a hair salon.
Please go here and help make Divas a success.

Love the energy in this place l. Everyone is super nice.
Every time i go I'm seen right away.
I'm very indecisive so i love it when a hairstylist listens to what i want to accomplish and it gets done even better than what i expect it to.
I'm from New York so finding the right hairstylist has been difficult for me.
So i am happy that i finally found the right hair salon.

I bought a groupon to get a blow out.
Got there right when they opened at 9.
There was no wait and I was helped immediately.
Rosalie was friendly and did a great job on my hair.
I loved this place so much I am returning in two days when my hair needs to be redone.
This place is so inexpensive it's a no brainer not to come.
I will be back!

I'm not one that treats myself to get my hair done as much as I should.
Having said that, since I'm incapable to do anything with my own hair except throw it in a ponytail, I really wanted something 'fancy' to go to the AFAN Black & White party that night.
I just so happened to look at Groupon NOW and there was an option for a wash and blowout.
Perfect, as I don't even own a functional blow dryer.
Anyway, I got there and Aimee was the gal that was going to work her magic.
She asked if I'd like a trim to my ends as well, which was great because I needed one badly but didn't want to put her behind schedule-she had a wedding to go to that evening.
She happily did a trim to my nasty split ends before asking what the occasion was in which I needed a blow out.
I told her about the AFAN party that night at the Hard Rock, and she immediately asked if I'd like to have curls instead.
Fantastic!
Once again, if she had the time to do so.
She worked her magic and my hair looked great!
The haircut and curls were just at $50 which is a great deal in my opinion.
Because I did not end up using my Groupon NOW!
deal, Groupon refunded me.
Seriously though-$12 bucks on Groupon for a wash and blowout is amazing!
I may have to look again 'just because'.
My curls held all night, and I was mostly outdoors in 90 degree weather next to a pool.
For this price and for the friendly service, I am definitely going to treat myself more often, and will definitely be back.

Oh my goodness!
I love this place :) Tammy did an excellent job on my hair and brows!
Repeat.
Repeat.
And repeat some more.
Treat yourself to an awesome experience at a very cute salon ;)

This beauty salon, under the professional guidance of skilled and seasoned hairstylist Rosalie R. offers a TOTAL hair experience!
In this relaxed and friendly environment, Rosalie never fails to do all she can to make sure that her clients leave happy including myself.
I highly recommend her as your hair stylist!
No one else is allowed to touch my hair, but her ;)

I walked in 5 minutes before my appointment and was immediately greeted by the staff.
They took me right at my appointment time and when I sat down asked if I'd like anything to drink.
Tammy cut my hair exactly like I wanted and then went right into styling it.
I have really long, thick hair and was anticipating being there for over an hour and half, but was pleasantly surprised when it only took an hour.
She styled my hair beautifully for the formal I was attending and everyone loved it!!
When they told me how much I was being charged I was pleasantly surprised again!
This place is awesome :)) I'll definitely be returning in the future!
Thanks divas!

Been to this place twice since I've moved here.
The first time I strolled in and Tammy gave me an awesome trim.
Super friendly and attentive; all the staff are.
Left super satisfied.
Went back to get my hair styled for Fetish & Fantasy night and again saw Tammy.
She was so patient with me as I tried to decide how I wanted to do my hair.
I knew I wanted big, I wanted to incorporate a faux mohawk somehow, and curls.
She worked so quickly and skillfully, not to mention she's down to earth and nice... Everything you want in someone you're entrusting with your hair and executing your vision of how you imagine it styled (and if you're not exactly sure how you want it she will work with you).
This place is very affordable and for the service you can't beat Diva Xpress.
I left the second time extremely stoked.

This place is awesome!
The girls here are super friendly and they are great at updos and hairstyles for special occasions.
I would definately go here again!
If you need a hairstyle that will hold for DAYS while in Vegas, it's worth the trip to go out to Divas Xpress.
Thanks guys for the great job!
The only problem was it was 15 minutes outside of the strip...but if that doesn't bother you, then go for sure!

Just found Vegas' best kept secret for hair!
Found them on Groupon and they had a great deal on a blowout.
I do have a regular salon and stylist that do this, but needed it done on a Monday when most salons are closed.
Bonus point +1.
Headed over, not that far from my house, and even if it was, the deal was too awesome to pass up.
Walked into a cutesy salon with nice washing and styling stations (separate).
I was greeted by a really cute girl, Aimee, and with no waiting got down to doing my fab blowout!
My hair had been keratined to death so it was super straight, but Aimee had zero problem getting volume out of it.
At the end of it I wanted a little more curl on the end and she took a curling iron to it and made it all better.
I walked out feeling super fabulous!
I will be using her again, this salon is HALF the price of my regular salon!
I can now get my hair blown out more because it's so much more affordable!
Perfect service, perfect blowout, perfect salon.
Ask for Aimee, she's amazing!

Wow this place is amazing!!!
My hair and make up was just perfect!!!
Each time I come to Vegas I will stop here to get glam for the night!!!
Friendly staff and owner!!

I absolutely love Divas Xpress !
I always go to Brenda, she's super nice and cute and does a great job at cutting my hair !
I always walk out with an awesome blowout and soft healthy hair.
I think you definitely get more than you paid for.
Also, ever since I've started going to Brenda my hair has grown a lot faster and thicker.

Usually when I cut and style my hair at my regular salon that I've been going to for MANY years, I just kind of smile and say "Oh well, my hair will just grow out" because my haircut never comes out the way I want it to, but these ladies know how to cut hair!
It's a shame I had to drive all the way to Las Vegas to find this place!
If you're here from out of town or even if you live here, I recommend them!
They also did my best friend's hair and it looks AMAZING!!!!
(Sorry I forgot to post this from back in February!
My iPhone saved it and I had to log on my computer to complete it!

Nice hair salon, with professional staff, Teemy did amazing job totally changed my look from old school nerd to handsome man;)

I live in Los Angeles and am super addicted to Drybar, the salon that only does blow outs.
So when I came to Vegas I wanted to find the nearest salon to wash and blow dry my hair.
I found a groupon for a blowout for $12.
Totally had to try it.
I was approached by Tammy and she took me back to wash my hair and give me the BEST scalp massage ever.
She then blew my hair dry just as I asked.
She was so super sweet and the easiest person to talk to.
I loved her.
I would go back to Tammy anytime.
She was confident and very professional.
On another note... My friend had her hair dried by Sergio and her experience was awful.
Thinking maybe he is just starting an has no experience.
He was very rough and she even tried to explain that it was painful, and he just continued to pull and pull and pull.
It was awful.
We explained that there was a problem and that it hurt and he just got more and more mad and rough.
**Always ask for Tammy she is awesome!
Only 4 stars because of my friends experience and the fact that Drybar has me spoiled with mimosa's and the atmosphere is unreal.

I went to get my nails done!
Service: OK... Quality: HORRIBLE!!
If your gonna get a hair cut it's ok...
But nails!
No!
The lady took an hour and a half to do them... She used a very bad and cheap product, they don't shine... And she didn't do what I asked her to do!
So my opinion: IT SUCKS!

When you first pull up, I'll be honest, it's not the most impressive, visually, but WOW!
These ladies can do hair!
I have super thick and kinky/curly hair (it's not cute, not even a little bit) so I typically blow out or flat iron my hair but I had a special party to go to and didn't want to spend the time doing it myself.
The first time I went, I was impressed that they were able to wash, cut, and blow out in under an hour.
It wasn't as sleek as I like but it did look nice but the cut was probably the best I've ever had.
And the prices are insanely good!
The second and third time I went my blow outs were top notch so I chalk up the first time as my fault (I think I was confusing her with my indecision on my hair style for that day).
I've now been 3 times and will be going again this week.
Every time I go I am impressed and I do not impress easily.

This place is a joke.
I go to dry bar in Orange County all the time and this place is like fantastic sam's quality.
All of the "stylists" are completely unprofessional.
I called before, because I was nervous.
The lady on the phone sold me on a stylist named jenny and scheduled me with her.
When I showed up, this girl (Katrina?
) approached me and I told her I was here for jenny.
She rudely replied "I'm covering for her" and then proceeded to barely wash my hair and lightly massage my head for 2 seconds.
She kept talking about her tips and pay to other stylists in Spanish (which I understand very well by the way).
So unprofessional!!
It's my birthday today- and not once did anyone wish me a happy birthday.
Moral of the story: DO NOT COME HERE.
Splurge and buy a more expensive blow dry somewhere else.

I love this place.
I try to stop in every time I'm in Vegas.
Amy has done my hair several times and I always love what she does.
Fast and friendly service.
You really can't beat the price either.
I bring all my friends here.

Leaving a 1 star because I can't leave a 0 .
This place is a joke and they never get my girls hair right .
She's never coming back here they do not know how to color hair without messing up.
Do not go here or you will regret it

This place I dont recommend My daughter quince was ruined by this Shop.
They are unprofessional and double booking had my daughter late to church ceremony the girls court never made it to the ceremony at all.
We where booked at 7am to 9am the church started at 11am I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.
DO NOT GO HERE WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I have mixed reviews for this place.
But before I start you have to keep in mind that each stylist rents out a section for themselves.
The first time I stopped in and had a haircut from Tammy who is a hair goddess!
She is super friendly, receptive and she cut 8 inches of hair off my head, bangs, asymmetrical bob with wash and style in 30 minutes.
It...was...beautiful!
I called their personal who does eyelash extensions to schedule an appointment and she never called me back.
Very unprofessional!
Then I stopped in several months later for a trim to keep my A-line cute.
I wished I would have called to ask if Tammy was in first.
She was off that day :[ so Katrina did my haircut.
I agree with the other reviews.
She is horrible.
She does not make you feel welcomed at all.
I came in 2 hours before I had to be somewhere.
Did not have to wait for my hair trim.
It took her over an hour!!!
And I told her I have to be somewhere at a certain time.
She was soooo slow she didn't even have time to style my hair.
And it was mediocre at best.
Maybe she just got out of beauty school, because I've been to the Marinello before and she was as slow or slower than someone still in school.
I've tried another stylist in the southwest since I've move and they are ok, but they're not a full service salon.
Only haircuts...  Anyways point is, from now on I will only go if Tammy is available!

Got helped by Brenda she was a sweetheart!
She did my step sister quince makeup and hair.
She was very professional and attentive to our needs.
Definitely would recommend her

