This little restaurant is a gem of a find!
There might just be a bit of confusion about the name, because the signage in front says "Bisteces", with "Cuban Bakery & Restaurant" appended to it, while their business card (and facebook page) says "Cuban Foods Bakery & Restaurant.
"    I had lunch here with Rand H., Mike C., Scott W., and Jose C. and it was a really enjoyable gathering.
Our hostess was so friendly and gracious, and the food was great!
We shared some delectable croquetas for appetizers and I ordered my favorite ropa vieja - it was such a savory delight.
It came with a side of moros y cristianos - black beans and rice, made even more flavorful with pork cubes (sorry, vegans).
I'll let my other friends tell you of their orders in their reviews, but this restaurant is certainly one to return to often - and I will, because it is so near where I live, and the prices are really good.

Yes, as Norm R. said this unassuming little place is lots of fun!
We UYE'd  together here for lunch today, joined also by José C., Mike C., and Scott W.  Now José is from Cuba, & so was my dad, so we each have some familiarity with Cuban cooking, but many of the dishes here were new to me.
You get a slight description of things on the restaurant menu, but the more important thing to know is that the food here is great & whatever you order you will probably like!
We chose all different dishes & everyone in our group enjoyed their lunch!
We all started with a shared tasty appetizer, Croquetas, and then for me it was on to the Lechón Asado ($8.49), which is pork roast with a bit of gravy & cooked onion strings.
It came with a small side salad & a big serving of really good rice with black beans.
(Yes, you want THIS rice, not white rice...
It's good, trust me!).
Awesome desserts await too, if you have room (or take home for later), & they're inexpensive!
I can't wait to get back here & bite my way through more of the many surprises on the menu, so "Cuban Foods" here (the actual name of the place) gets 5 Stars from here too!
:-))

Enjoyed lunch here with Rand, Norm, Mike and Jose.
My grilled fish came out perfect.
I really enjoyed my black beans and rice but was surprised it had some bits of pork in it, vegetarians beware.
There is a white rice option.
Service was great and friendly.
We had 5 different dishes and everybody liked them so it would seem you could throw a dart at the menu and like whatever it landed on.

Nope.
And it's 100% because of the service.
There's maybe 12 tables in the place, yet we were somehow invisible.
A glass with one melting ice cube sat in front of me for 10 minutes before the kid remembered to open the cooler and bring me my can of soda.
The food was just okay - the pork was a generous serving but overcooked.
Perhaps that's why it took so long (20 min), even though no other dishes were coming out of the kitchen.
I had to ask for silverware twice, and no water refills.
The kicker was at the end.
I wanted to buy 4 pastries and the server acknowledged.
10 minutes later, a dude walks in and buys all the pastries in one go.
When I (finally) got the check and asked about the pastries, she says "Sorry, we're sold out.
" W...T...F. If you have nowhere to be for a few hours, angelic levels of patience and aren't concerned with flavor, this might be a place to check out.
Two stars because the order was accurate and I believe the kitchen is doing their best.

The best little Cuban restaurant on this side of town with great prices!!
finally a place that reminds me of home (Miami, FL)

The food is very good for Cuban in Phoenix - I've yet to find better in the valley.
Having lived in FL and eaten in Miami many times I'm biased to that region but this is by no way a dig against this restaurant.
I've been here 3x so far and this is how each meal went;  1) ropa vieja w/ arroz congri (shredded beef and rice mixed with beans) - the ropa was fantastic, good portion, moist and very flavorful.
The arroz congri was a little dry but not too bad, especially when mixed w/ the ropa.
Next time I order this it will be w/ white rice and beans (see #3)  2) media noche w/a side of tostones - great great great sandwich!
Pressed perfectly, great portions of fillings, a good sized sandwich overall.
A must eat.
Tostones... any Hispanic restaurant worth it's adobo should be able to make them and theirs are just fine.
:)  3) masitas de puerco fritas (fried pork pieces) w/ white rice and black beans  - w..t...f...
Happened, this meal is supposed to be super delicious and easy to make.
The pork was dry, overcooked (its almost like they just dumped the chunks of pork in a deep fryer and killed em).
The chunks of pork were also very fatty :( highly disappointed.
Then...
The rice and beans.. delicious black beans in sauce!!
Perfect when mixed with the white rice.
From now on any dinner I order :: white rice and black beans, STAT!!
I will def go back even though the 3rd visit was mostly a bust... now that I've tried a few things I know what's on point and what to stay away from.
Things happen, you can't expect perfection -every- time from a little spot like this.
:)  Buen provecho!

Very good hole-in-the-wall Cuban food!
Went with some coworkers for lunch and we all tried different things.
I got the stuffed fried green plantains with ham and cheese - excellent.
A friend got the potato balls with beef inside - excellent.
Another friend got the sweet plantains (always a great choice).
Be aware that if you order "just water" that means you're buying a bottle of water.
It's $.99.
I'd recommend this place for sure.

Have called repeatedly to see if they are open, not only do they not even answer the phone they don't even have a voice mail stating it's the restaurant.
I suspect the "business" phone number is a person's voice mail.

