A great fusion concept, delicious food, and courteous service.
We're looking forward to our return.

This place finally opened up and it was definitely worth the wait.
The restaurant isn't very busy since not a lot of people know that it is open yet.
The decor is modern, the music is fun, the place is very clean and they also have 3 big screen TVs.
The restaurant is Asian Fusion mixing, Thai, Chinese, and Korean dishes.
Having never been to a restaurant like this, the staff  was very friendly and helpful in explaining the different things on the menu.
My friend and I decided to try the shabu shabu (hot pot), the grill and we ordered pineapple fried rice as one of our sides.
Every thing on the menu is very reasonably priced.
For the shabu shabu, you get to pick out 2 sauces to cook your food in, we picked coconut milk and the spicy chinese ones.
You also get to pick out the different  tray of meats and vegetables you want to cook in them.
Each tray of food is individually priced but very reasonable.
We picked chicken, beef, mushrooms, and a separate tray of veggies, every thing was very fresh.
We also picked Korean short ribs for the grill.
We had a lot of questions for our waitress, she helped us cook all our food and came to check on us several times in case we had any additional questions for her.
For dessert we tried the mango sticky rice, it was very refreshing.
I was very impressed at how good the food was and how much food we got for the price we paid.
I would definitely recommend this place to every one.
It is a hidden treasure.

I've driven past this place more than a handful of times waiting for it to say "OPEN"  Luckily, it finally is!
I'm so glad I've kept my eye on this place because it was exceptional!
Although it hasn't had it's "Grand Opening" the service was exceptional, they answered ALL my questions.
We had shabu, which included Original broth and spicy oriental broth with: - Beef - Scallops - Tofu - Vegetables - Extra enoki mushrooms   If you do come, please ask for their peanut sauce!
It is delicious and flavorful and my mouth is watering because of it.
I will definitely be back!

Let me start off by saying the service is awesome.
They're all very friendly and welcoming.
However, the food didn't impress me.
We had the Chinese Spicy Soup and Lemongrass Soup.
It didn't impress me.
I probably won't be back, but maybe they will get better after being open for longer.

I always love to try new places to eat hoping to find something exciting.
Food was good and service was great!
I recommend everyone to try it!

great food!
friendly staff!!
pumpkin curry is freaking delicious!!

Amazing food!
Wonderful modern feel inside!
Fantastic people!
We will be back!
If it is your first time just let them know and they will help you :)

I love Shabu Shabu so I was stoked to find out this place was opening not too far from my house.
I had been to this restaurant before when it was Match so I knew how the interior would look like.
The inside is very modern with several tables set up and ready for barbeque.
The decor is Asian inspired with an upside down boat as their central focal point.
It looks like they have a room where you can hold private group events.
I think this place has a lot of potential.
They advertised Happy Hour Boba for $2 so we knew we wanted to try that.
Their shabu shabu hot pot concept was a little different than I'm used to.
You get to choose two flavors of broth.
We chose Coconut Milk and Spicy Chinese.
Then you walk over to refrigerators where you choose your vegetables, meat, mushrooms, etc.
All are individually packaged and looked fresh.
I really liked this concept because we got to pick and choose exactly what we want and only got charged for what we wanted.
We both choose beef and cracked an egg to accentuate the flavor of our broths.
Both of the broths were tasty but I liked the Coconut Milk one more while my husband preferred the Spicy Chinese.
The food was great but the boba wasn't up to par.
The pearls weren't cooked properly.
The servers were friendly and attentive.
I would expect them to be since we were one of only two couples in the establishment at the time.
I just bought a LivingSocial deal for this place so I will definitely be back again soon!

I had the pleasure of dining at Shabu Grill last week with my family.
It's now my favorite place for Shabu Shabu.
Great ambience, unique Shabu broth, great tasting food, definitely coming back soon.
Must try the coconut and lemon grass Shabu broth  2.
Love that you get to pick out your plate of beef, seafood and wonderful varieties of Asian vegetables; they had Tong Hao, my must have for Shabu 3.
Pad Thai and Pumpkin Chicken Curry were awesome 4.
Paula, the server were so patient to explaining to people who have never had Shabu 5.
Do try the Mango sticky rice, great way to end your lunch

Finally Shabu in the neighborhood & to my surprise it was really good!!
Korean BBQ & Shabu

As someone who has over 50+ check-ins to Shabu Shabu Paradise, you can probably tell how I feel about Shabu Shabu in general.
If you guessed that I like it, ding ding ding!
You're the big winner of the day!
When I saw Shabu Grill was taking over what was formerly Match, I was pretty excited as it's closer to my house than Paradise.
I did, however, have my doubts that it could be as good as either Paradise or Swish on Spring Mountain which I also frequent.
Spoiler alert: I was right.
I must note that Grill has a much more extensive menu than either Paradise or Swish offers, and I only tried their Shabu Shabu offering.
Many of these sounded tasty and warrant further exploration in the future.
The concept behind how their Shabu works is much different than any other place I've been to.
You get to choose two broths up front, and then you go to some stocked refrigerators and choose the veggies and meat you want to dip into the broth and pay as you go.
I do think this could ultimately be a winning idea as it provides a lot more flexibility with the experience than any other place that I know of can offer.
Here are the downsides:  1.
Quality of the meat - I personally wasn't too impressed with the meat when comparing it to particularly Paradise.
The pork just had an off-putting flavor to me and I'd never buy another plate of it again.
Conversely I think Paradise has amazing Kurobuta pork.
The beef was okay, but I do prefer both Swish and Paradise's version  2.
The rice - WASN'T STICKY RICE.
I don't know, I just thought this was some sort of crime against humanity.
I know nothing about traditions when it comes to sticky vs non-sticky rice, but it simply didn't feel right to me  3.
Lack of sauces - Grill did offer a decent selection of spicy and sweet mixing sauces at the table that I liked, but did not offer any dipping sauces for the meat and veggies being taken out of the broth.
I read another review mention to ask for a peanut sauce, so perhaps they do have them, but even if they do, I find it weird it wasnt offered to us standard.
This led to not only a downgrade in flavor, but I like using the dipping sauces to also cool down the extremely hot food coming out of the broth.
No alcohol - This is a work in progress and I can't really fault them for the delay, but I do love a nice glass of wine or sake with my shabu, so it led to a lessened experience even if it's not their fault.
Positives are the different broths (though I preferred the regular to the lemongrass), the variety of options available, great service, and the price was a very good value (much cheaper than my average visit to Paradise).
Overall it was a decent shabu experience, and if Paradise or Swish didn't exist for me to compare it to, I'm sure I would have been more impressed.
And if the Yankees, Red Sox and Rays didnt exist the Blue Jays might have a chance.
3 stars!

So my friend and I got curious with Shabu Grill with all the good Yelp reviews.. And i must say everyone is right!
Love this place!
Everything is pretty much a la carte.
My friend and I decided to do asian style and share our food together.
I did the Shabu grill and she did the japanese hot pot.
I really love the concept of this place.
Pretty much all the meats and veggies are prepared and you can grab as much as you want from the fridge.
everything is lined up and organized with all the meats and veggies.
BE WARNED it is not all you can eat.
they charge you per plate.
average cost for a plate was 4.95$ for beef but the way my friend and i eat we racked up alot of plates and not even pay attention to how much we spent.
The food is great they have an array of sauces you can choose from.
I didn;t really use any of it because i already like the natural flavors of the meat i was grilling and as for my friend she loved her japanese hot pot.
For those of youhave like authentic japanese you will be discouraged because the hot pot was not japanese at all it was more Chinese but we till loved it though.
I felt this palce was really unique because it was Asian food fusion with all the other countries.
The restaurant was a combination of japanese, thailand, korean..
They are still in the works in getting the place together, they are adding a bar and tapas coming soon..
I really love this place the food is great and the cleanliness of the place is excellent as well.
The staff is great they fill your water up constantly and really friendly.
I am a new loyal customer of Shabu Grill and will definitely return here.
Try now!
you will not be disappointed

I thought this place was a pretty cool date night.
Very dim lighting and an entertaining theme of do it yourself style cooking.
Hiilani was our waitress and she was definitely on top of things.
She is brand new to the service industry but definitely motivated and highly energetic so I wouldn't want anyone else as my server.
Definitely a worthy experience.
My only negative thing would be the serving portions.
I understand the idea of tapas and such, but with my appetite I would need to either sit there all night or order one of everything on the menu.

New review--  So I decided to give this place a try after my first time.
It's under new management.
I really liked it!
Still AYCE and seafood is part of it!
You still have to make your own sauces but they have some pre-made ones that worked for me this time.
The beef and crab legs were my fav.
Def a must try.
The price for dinner is $19 and you get 3 appetizers included.
No 5 stars cause it took about 5 min for someone to notice us standing at the door and forever to get the check.
I think the dipping sauce is important to enjoy shabu.
The meat and veggies aren't marinated so the broth and sauce is where you get the flavor.
With that said, this place didn't have any good sauces.
There was an assortment but nothing like the ponzu or peanut sauce you normally get.
Additionally, we couldn't build our own sauce..no garlic, raddish, green onions, chili oil , pepper, nothing.... And they have their meat pre cut and stored in the fridge that you can help yourself too.
No freshly cuts meat.
the experience was different but not enough to get me back in those doors.
The chicken was extra frozen granted the host waived the charge for the rice to compensate for that.
Thanks but not coming back.

I'm a FAN!!!
$6.99 for Bento Box lunch !
And it's tasty!
You pick 1 of like 8 difft curries [ I got the pumpkin b/c it was difft and was delicious], white or fried rice, salad or egg roll.
It needed more spice for me, but I like it HAWT.
BUT they do have like 6 diff sauces on the table and you can heat it up that way.
The Thai Salad is awesome and big enough to share.
Peanut dressing is to die for and the crunchy tofu is just right.
It also has chicken and shrimp on it.
I didn't try the Shabu but I'm going back at dinner time one night to do this.
Best little neighborhood gem I've found in a while.
Decor is pretty sweet too, parking was super easy, and they had Kaskade on.
Hours are 11 am to 10 pm.
Couple of TV's inside but no sound on.
Waitress was very attentive as well.

I've been looking for authentic shabu shabu since I got back from Japan.
This place does it for me!
The service is great and the prices are affordable.
Decoration is modern & asian.
Hot pot, beef, udon noodles and veggies are delicious and nutritious.
Definitely want to try happy hour here.

Walking into the restaurant, I was kind of worried since it was empty, but decided to give it a try anyway.
I'm glad I stayed.
My sister and I ended up getting the fried tofu for an appetizer.
We also shared the duck spicy basil noodles and the pumpkin curry.
Most other reviews raved about the pumpkin curry, so I was excited to try it.
While it had good flavor, it was exactly my favorite.
For being a curry, it was very sweet - and I can see why people liked it.
But personally, I like my curries more savory and spicy.
The duck spicy basil noodles were delicious though !
They didn't ask how spicy we wanted it... so it ended up pretty spicy and i would've preferred it to be a little less, but other than that ... it was great.
They didn't skimp out on the duck either which was good.
The fried tofu wasn't anything spectacular.
It was good, but was just something you could get at any restaurant.
All in all, I'm excited to go back to try their shabu shabu and other offering.

My husband & I has been here 2x already.
The place was clean & staff are friendly.
The food was ok although we did not try the shabu shabu.
We did try the korean bbq and it was nothing special.
I think that the bbq is quite pricey considering the portion is little.
I also tried the panang curry, it was bland and not creamy.
I would consider coming back to try the shabu shabu though.

Great food, server was a little new and lacked confidence and speedy service.
Will definitely be back for the food and experience again!

I really enjoyed this place when we went for Shabu Shabu that I gave it four stars.
My husband and I went again to use our Living Social deal and decided to try the BBQ.
The BBQ  is the same concept as Shabu Shabu.
It's a la carte which I like because I like tasting a little bit of everything.
I'm also trying to watch my diet so I take a little bit of meat at a time and make sure I don't overdo it.
We got the pork belly, beef and kalbi ribs.
They provide a bunch of different types of sauces to dip your meat in but I didn't need it.
The meat was really marinated.
So much so that it was too salty for my taste.
I had a side of fried rice which was good.
I ordered boba again and the pearls were undercooked.
The service is attentive and friendly.
I love the prices.
For everything we ordered, and I was full, it came out to $28 for dinner and that included two drinks.
Personally I prefer Korean BBQ with all the banchan.
If I were to come back again it would be for the Shabu Shabu.

First time visit and I can't wait to go back.
We stopped in looking for a simple soup as we had just left the dentist and the patient couldn't really chew :).
First impressions were that the decor was very cool, it was clean and inviting.
The staff was incredibly friendly and took the time to explain everything.
Terry was our server and I think he is officially the friendliest, most helpful person I've run into in a long time.
He explained how things worked, made great suggestions and was attentive without being overbearing.
We had a simple broth with chicken and tofu that I don't think was technically on the menu but was awesome, and the fried rice with chicken.
The flavor was excellent & the service was outstanding.
Another server, Hi'i stopped by our table too just to be sure everything was good.
Super positive experience, we will definitely be back when we can both chew!
The Mango w/Sticky Rice is on my To Do List.

Gave them a try over the weekend using the Living Social deal I purchased, tried the Pumpkin Curry to be on the safe side since everyone raves about it and it was delicious!
I loved it!
Also had the spicy Chinese hot pot with noodles and chicken, overall the meal was great, got strawberry mochi for dessert, you can never go wrong with mochi and the mango slush boba but I have to agree with a lot of people, the tapioca was undercooked in it, my husband had never had duck before so he went for the spicy duck, big mistake on his part because he found out he didn't like duck but they were nice enough to knock down 10% off the order because he didn't like it, overall, great food and decent prices, I will be a returning customer!
And our server Chris was awesome, at least I think that's his name!
LOL

I love Shabu.
You can eat so much food for so cheap.
This time I had Hot Pot for the first time, which was really fun.
They BBQ is always good, and they also have regular entree's.
It's really clean, and the staff is incredibly nice.
I guess  we've become regulars, and with that they hooked us up w/ mango sticky rice on the house.
The first time I showed up here, I left after I found out they didn't have a liqueur license.
But, the next time I went I found out you can bring your own.
And you know what it's a lot cheaper.
(The staff can not open or touch your alcohol of choice, but they will supply the glasses and bottle openers.
)  They seem to be really good to their customers, and I'll continue to be a regular.

Ate here for the first time Christmas Eve.
It had just re-opened and is under new management.
Our experience was  fun and the food was good.
If this was the end of the story I would have rated it a 4 star.
However, the morning after the wife and I are both sick with stomach cramps and....well all the things that come with that.

I have to update my view!
We were looking for a hotpot place but we don't want to go to Chinatown so Sha Grill is the only one that's close to us, so we went back.
It was great this time, they definitely have improved a lot as far as the food selections and the quality seems a lot better too, no 20% off this time but $20 AYCE, can't beat it!

First time eating here, didn't think the food or service was all that great.
The restraint has a pot of bowling broth in the center of the table and you go to fridges and select what you want to cook.
The food just didn't have enough flavor in my opinion.
However there is a small selection of food that you can have cooked by the chefs in the kitchen.
The beef tenderloins were amazing and did have a ton of flavor if you do go herein strongly recommend eating here.
The service was the main reason for the two stars I would often have to wave several times to get the attention of one of the three servers and it was not busy at all there were only 2 other tables in the restaurant.
Even when the servers would stop by the table to grab some of the empty plates it was hard to get their attention to ask them for something.
One even walked away when I was in the middle of ordering another dish.
Also the ice in the drinks had a very odd chemical odor however I didn't notice a taste difference.
The restaurant is very clean and modern hopefully it was just a bad experience.

I specifically came in for their lunch special (available until 4pm daily) because I was not in the mood for AYCE.
With the previous management, you were able to order Shabu items a la carte, now for lunch it is AYCE shabu.
For dinner, the grill is a choice and you can order  specialty cooked items.
I ordered the Kung Pao Shrimp and it was more just the shrimp with veggies and a bowl of rice...it came as a bento with fried rice, edamame and fried vegetables!
Was not expecting that combo and was pleasantly surprised.
Oh and then a couple minutes later, a small bowl of westlake soup came out!
I love soup!
How did they know it was the key to my heart?!
The food was good.
The shrimp was small but I was expecting big anyway; they were about an 1 to 1 1/2 inches when curled up.
Flavor was not spicy enough but at least it wasn't a salt lick like some other Chinese restaurants.
The edamame was warm and cooked al dente.
The fried vegetables were not tempura style, as I think they used rice flour so the fried batter had a rice cake consistency.
The vegetables were broccoli, carrot and I think strips of potato.
Fried rice was normal but the rice was not that day old crap.
Westlake soup was yum and freshly made.
Since I didn't order Shabu and the person sitting next to me did, let me tell you about what I saw.
The server explained the menu, how to cook, where the  sauce station was and where to grab more food to cook when ready.
I thought the server was helpful to the newbie and that's cool.
The guy called his friend to tell him he is trying a new restaurant where he cooks food in soup, blah, blah.
Like I said the last time I was here, I hope they make it.
I really like this place but I alone can't keep this place afloat.
Last note, in addition to the pop and top 40 music they play, they mix in with the pop Chinese  Cantonese and mandarin music too... which is awesome.

Sooo so yummy!!!
Everytime I go there I have a great time.
The staff and atmosphere are so nice and the food is amazing.
My favorites are the Maggi pork chops and the tempura fish!

Sweet server who was so helpful!
First off she walked me through the process because I haven't done a hot pot before.
She was so nice and attentive.
Cute as a button.
The food was interesting and fun.
When I got into it I enjoyed it.
I tried a lot of new things and all were delicious!
My favorite items are the lamb chops, fish paste jalapeño and spicy vegi salad.
The place is very nice, trendy and clean.
Very comfortable.
A++++ to the staff!

Wow what a nice Place.
I Love shabu shabu &this Place was amaizing.
Went there for Lunch.
They have 2 choices.
AYCE for 13.99 & AYCE plus Grilled stuff for 19.99$ We Picked the regular AYCE.
It was delish.
The Server was very attentive &nice.
We Tried everything & it was really Good.
We Likes the erst, chicken , Fish, shrimps, mussles, veggies...
Sauce choices were amaizing.
Thai ICE Tea so Good.
Not too Sweet.
All in all a clean , nice Restaurant.
Will be back soon.
The Prices are Great.
We Paied 41$ incl tip for 2. :-)

Yay shabu shabu !!!
The hot pot is fantastic,  tasty fun.
Great AYCE deal, and the people who work there are super nice and helpful.
Try everything, especially the scary looking stuff, they're not sticklers about clearing everything on your plate, which is awesome.
Fun fun fun and delicious!!

If you like hot pot you should definitely give this place a try!
We got recommended by our friends to go and try this place out.
We eat at a lot of hot pot place and this is definitely the best in Vegas so far.
Food is fresh, fish ball for the hot pot is amazing ( I think they make their own), the place is really clean, and customer service is great!
For 19.95 all you can eat hot pot plus you can order some appetizer on the side.
What more can you ask for?
Why are there always some idiots who said the competition is better?
Name it!
Most low rating are for stupid reason so you should just ignore them.

Had I known this was an AYCE ONLY place, I would not have went there.
It started off good, the menu and rules were explained, we were showed how to tableside cook some items.
I don't eat very much food and quite frankly the only think I actually enjoyed was their lemonade.
My wife placed an order of dishes that would be prepared in the kitchen.
The first item as an eggplant dish.
It never arrived and we kept asking for it and some lamb chops.
We were presented with our bill instead.
Finally 1 lamb chop arrived and we still had to ask again for the eggplant dish.
When the eggplant dish finally arrived, it had the most nasty old grease smell that I almost lost my dinner from the smell.
My wife took one bite and passed.
We tipped our standard $1 for bad service on our $50 meal.
Oh yea, that AYCE price might be less than $20, but it does not include drinks.
At least I got a refill of the lemonade, the only thing I enjoyed.
If you like AYCE places, this might be your thing.
My wife liked the lamb chop (I was way full before it finally arrived), but the focus of this place is to cook it yourself, and get you out the door as fast as you can.

All you can eat for $20 is a price hard to beat.
Add Lamb, beef, chicken, shrimp, mussels, and a large array of vegetables only makes it more attractive.
Too bad the broth and the dipping sauces do not add to the experience.
The spicy broth just overpowers the meats, vegetables, and sauces.
Even if it didn't, the sauces are unimpressive.
Everything is served buffet style from refrigeration units along the back wall.
Whatever you want can be picked up as you are ready for it.
The sauce bar is located in the middle of the restaurant and can be visited at anytime.
Even though I did not care for most of the selection, the ginger, garlic, cilantro, and green onions can be added to help doctor them up.

Ditto to all of the other great reviews.
Sever could not have been nicer

Truly an amazing eating experience.
Came here after hearing good things from my classmates in regards to an AYCE (all you can eat) shabu experience.
What they failed to mention was the variety of other dishes you could order from the kitchen.
To summarize what you get for $19.99: 1.
AYCE proteins/veggies/tofu to be cooked in your hotpot.
More than 20 other dishes that you can order from the kitchen that aren't even mentioned on this restaurants website.
Unlimited dessert.
They only have strawberry, vanilla, and green tea ice cream... still unlimited though so you can't go wrong.
The reason I'm giving this place 5-stars is that the dishes you can order from the kitchen are both eclectic and super flavorful.
Have you ever been to Firefly or Ichiza... or any other type of restaurant that gives you the choice of a smaller dish for 3-5 bucks each?
Imagine that type of experience, except you won't rack up a bill over 23 bucks for trying as many things as you can on the menu.
Simply amazing.
I was able to try the stuffed mushroom, pan fried fish, satay curry chicken, sizzling beef tenderloin, soft shell crab, and salt and pepper tofu.
Each was different from the other yet still very flavorful.
I almost died when I had the salt and pepper tofu.
I had no idea tofu could taste that good.
I just may go back and eat 10 dishes of the tofu next time and skip everything else.
5 stars - wait staff was friendly, quick, and always accommodating 5 stars - food was great.
ability to shape the shabu to your taste was cool.
5 stars - restaurant was clean, very nice ambiance, crowd noise low (able to have a nice conversation over dinner.
Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.
Even though it's located in the area of Silverado Ranch and Maryland, it easily rivals and dare-I-say outcompetes some of the asian eateries on Spring Mountain.
Check this place out and see what all the hypes about, the hype is well deserved.

I am always a fan of all you can eat and this place is a semi-healthy way to eat a lot.
LOL  I found the menu less Japanese and more south east asian.
The shabu shabu pot featured two separate broths, one spicy and the other chicken.
(Traditional Japanese shabu shabu broth is dashi stock, a clear stock made of either kombu (sea weed), fish, or mushrooms that are soaked in water and strained out before using.
) I liked the options!
There is a condiment bar of dipping sauces, and refrigerators of meats, veggies, noodles, wontons and tofu.
It is a help yourself thing so it's nice to get what you want.
It was delicious!
There are also kitchen items that can be ordered in addition to all  you can eat!
The service is very fast and friendly!
Restrooms were clean and well maintained.
The music and TV weren't in English or Japanese, (maybe Thai???
) but entertaining.
I enjoyed it and will be back!

I love Shabu-Shabu.
The three stars is due to the quality of the meat.
I do not seem to sound like a snob, but the places that I usually frequent for Shabu Shabu use Kobe beef and other high end choices.
This place used beef like it came from the supermarket.
That being said for 19.95 you get AYCE shabu shabu plus grill and kitchen items.
I had seaweed salad, fried shrimp rolls, grilled pork belly, fried oysters and a bunch of other stuff.
For those of us more on the eclectic side of dining they offer salmon heads.
I wish that I could have had them grilled but they were still ok cooked in the broth.

Shabu Grill is a AYCE Hot Pot restaurant with side Chinese food items.
The procedure is order you Hot Pot and go to the glass refrigerator and pick the individually plated and wrapped ingredients.
There is a Chinese menu that you can order off of and some of the items you can only order one per person ( lamb chops)  The lamb chops were excellent and a must order.
The Hot Pot was OK.  Vegas is not a place where you would go looking for mind blowing Hot Pot in 100 degree weather.
Pro's  Lamb Chops!
plenty of parking  good ventilation   Con's  limited choices of meats and veggie's located in Henderson a good 15 miles from strip  Service was adequate.
Prices were good.

7/23: Awesome food!
I had the AYCE for $21.95 (kids -- not mine -- can get in for $10.95).
This is a bargain compared to similar shabu shabu places, which sometimes charge more for just an a la carte or one-kind meat AYCE.
There's lots of types of meat available, which you can select from the huge freezer on display, and then self-serve.
I saw pork, pork belly, beef, chicken, lamb, and various weird animal body parts like intestines, if you're into that.
Also clams, wontons, and other selections.
I tried a variety of food, including pork, lamb, and wontons.
They also have an extensive menu, which I ordered several orders of chicken wings from (really soft and juicy).
Everything seems good here -- I might just go down the list and order 3 or 4 different items each time I come back.
The vanilla ice cream was good as well.
The only problem is I don't know when to stop eating.
The food is so delicious!
It's like 5 minutes from where I live, but it's also worth the drive from across town.
I'll definitely be back!

7/26: Returning visit, shortly after the first visit!
Same awesome food and service as usual.
Different staff, extremely friendly people.
My glass was never empty.
For the value, I recommend this place over regular buffets.
They have options for just about everyone.
For vegetarians and vegans, they have lots of veggies available -- tofu, spinach, mushrooms, celery, cilantro, green onions, various types of noodles (rice, vermicelli, udon, etc.
), seaweed salad, all very fresh.
And of course, there's lots of seafood options as well.
The flounder filet is delicious; I lost count of how many plates I had.
It's especially good dipped in Ponzu sauce and sesame oil.
The squid, clams, and fish balls were great as well.
I used a RNG (Random Number Generator) to pick some items from the menu.
#6 came up twice...Chicken Cake.
I had no idea what that was, nor did it sound too appealing.
It ended up tasting pretty good, dipped in Sweet Chili Sauce from the Chicken Wings.
It's like Salmon Fish Cake Patty you find in Thai restaurants.
Both the Seaweed Salad with Rice Noodles (very fresh seaweed!
) and Fried Oysters were good as well.
I'm reviewing in the morning and I could go for some more right now!
I definitely recommend stopping by at least once or twice.

The better place to go!
Lunch special shabu grill hotpot only 13.95 !!
$$$ very reasonably price including seafood and drink!

I really really enjoyed this place.
We've gone twice now & the staff remembered us which is awesome!
Its a new concept to the Silverado Ranch area, we don't have anything else like it on this side of town, very refreshing.
Food is great, you're in control which makes it that much more interesting.
The food that you order off the menu is also very delicious.
We live up the street so I imagine we will be coming more frequently.
For $21.95 AYCE you can't beat that.

For everyone who hasn't been to a shabu place, here's the crash course.
I've been to a few shabu places in my day and am used to ordering the meats from the server, but  here, you walk up to the fridge and get it yourself, so there's no wait.
They offer a variety of items including beef, lamb, pork, squid, mussels, shrimp and a large selection of vegetables.
You can grab as much as you like, but just keep in mind they charge if you have extensive leftovers.
You then bring your uncooked items back to your table where there is a boiling pot of two broths, spicy and non-spicy.
The menu has the cook times for each item so you won't end up with a rubbery piece of meat.
You then cook your food in the broth and scoop it out and enjoy.
Don't forget to use different utensils with your raw and cooked items as not to cross contaminate.
They also offer a variety of cooked appetizers that you can order so you have something to munch on while waiting for your items to cook.
There is a sauce station as well with different herbs and spices, to cater to everyone's taste.
My favorites were the mussels, lamb and pumpkin.
I cooked them in the spicy broth and dipped them in my ponzu/sesame oil/cilantro/garlic/chili/green onion concoction.
It was quite tastey.
My favorite appetizer by far was the fried tofu.
Crispy, light and melt in our mouth.
Not rubbery at all.
Don't forget dessert is included.
Strawberry, vanilla, green tea ice cream and mango pudding.
I heard the green tea ice cream was not good so I opted for the safe choice, vanilla.
I definitely had food coma after this meal.
And for only 19.95 for dinner, I will surely return.

Shabu/Hotpot has always been an iffy for me due to the illusion of 'all you can eat'.
Is it really 'all you can eat' if you gotta wait for reloads of meat and veggie plates?
Yes and No.
Sure they'll bring you plate after plate after plate but you're at the establishment's mercy.
Enter Shabu Grill.
Aside from specialty items and desserts which i'll go into later the setup is truely all you can eat but you're still at the establishment's mercy for a few items.
I like the way this place is setup.
Three (i think) food services grade fridges are stocked with meat, seafood, and veggies as well as a carton of eggs for your impending gluttony.
No more asking for that 18th plate of rib eye just to see how small the portion sizes are coming and spare the server's feet he/she's been walking all damn day.
That's replace with three big-ass fridges that are kept stocked with food.
I'd love to see a little more variety when it comes to the veggies but that's just me nitpicking.
The sauce station is well stocked but VERY overwhelming.
There's just so many damn choices.
If you dont know what you're doing, you'll end up with some weird 'little bit of everything' sauce that tastes like a nightmare.
Would be extremely if they posted a sign for recommended combinations.
Alright so now the reason for the three stars.
Honestly i'd give this place a solid 3.5 if possible.
Everything you need to get hot potted out the door is readily available to you at limitless quantities.
Now the specialty items as well as the desserts are limited and some just need to go back to the drawing board.
The lamb chops are a hit or miss.
One person at our table didnt like them but i ended up loving them.
The seasonings arent that great but the lamb itself is on the gamey side which i like.
Meat stuffed mushrooms...yeah go ahead and pass on these.
Fried tofu was good, not too oily, still soft and tender on the inside.
Okay i forgot what they're called but they're little fish that have been deep fried and you eat them head to tail whole.
They contain roe which is why you order them.
ORDER THEM!
Order these tasty sons of bitches.
Order six.
They wont let you?
Order six anyway.
The manager is coming out?
Good that means more hands to carry the TWELVE orders of these mofos.
They called the police?
Good!
Have them stop by the seafood market and pick up a few more boxes of these tasty pregnant fish.
So overall go for the limitless option of hot pot, dont expect much from the specialties menu except for them fish i was talking about, and for dessert just go for the ice cream, either strawberry or vanilla.
Other options are lacking.
Like the coconut rice and mango i've been hearing about...lacking as in it wasnt even on the menu at time of dining.
*EDIT* Just bumped them up one star.
Saw the transaction on my card for how much this place costs.
Not too shabby once the food to cost ratio is factored in.
Yelp 100 - 040 of 100

The Place are great, good Price for all you can eat shabu-shabu,  Server are excellent.
You should try the fried tempura fish and lamb chop.
It's delicious

Went here for family night, visiting my sister and her husband who lives in the area, and our experience was great.
They had AYCE crab legs included in their dinner, which I definitely had plenty of.
The soup broth didn't really have much flavor but you could always add what you want to it or make your own type of sauce; I like garlic, green onions, and a little soy sauce.
The staff was really nice, but I thought it was funny when they were surprised at our 25% tip, the look in their face was priceless.
Lolol.
I'm pretty used to it, as being Asian, we may look a bit younger than our age.

HAVING FUN WHILE WORKING FOR YOUR MEAL  Last time I had shabu shabu aka hot pot in Las Vegas was at Chinatown's Joyful House Chinese Cuisine when they were the only action in town.
Now there are over a hundred restaurants that provide this style of dining throughout this Valley.
This evening there were four of us.
Each couple shared a hot pot.
We shared the cooked items between us so that we could try as many cooked items as possible.
As for the veggies, meats and seafood we kept track of our own.
This style of dining works in favor for those wishing to socialize and for those who who know how and what they want  to eat.
Never mind those who want you to cook and feed them.
Don't invite them for they will only prevent you from really enjoying the pleasure of cooking your meal.
I had a great time and phenomenal eating experience.
Eat as healthy as you desire.
Just remember to not waste.
BTW the wait staff is charming and most helpful.
This is one of my most favorite style of dining out with friends.
I look forward to many more workouts.
LoL

BYOB!
great food and a great price.
$19.95 all you can eat.
the refrigerator is stocked and you walk up and grab whatever you like.

All you can eat shabu at $13.99 (for lunch).. Not too shabby!
I enjoyed my first visit here.
Restaurant is spacious and clean.
Each table has a built in grill.
It's one hotpot per 2 people split in the middle.
One soup is regular, the other spicy.
Next there's 3 refrigerators that contain the meats, veggies, noodles.
We grabbed the beef, udon, wontons, cabbage, broccoli.
In the middle of the restaurant they have the sauces one one side, and seafood (shrimp, mussels, clams, salmon) on the other.
The only thing I wish they had was onions.
No biggie.
Overall I enjoyed the place.
Compared to other shabu places, the price is quite a steal.
I'd come back.

Great Shabu place!!!
Good bang for the bucks.
The lunch AYCE was 12.99 or 13.99 can't remember.
They place all the items in the freezer so, you can pretty much get what you want.
They also offer Thai sukiyaki sauce, which is awesome.
I guess it helps reduce my craving for MK back home.

Although I thought the food was good and the idea if the small tapas a creative twist on the shabu shabu concept the overall experience was average.
Service was the main complaint.
They are nice but not very efficient about how they run the place   Good but far from great.
If your in the mood for all you can eat shabu I'm sure this is above average for Las Vegas but from a San Francisco stand point it was just ok.

AYCE shabu shabu!
They had crab legs, clams, shrimp, and a variety of meats, veggies, and noodles.
They also have some hot side plates you can order.
Pretty good food and for only about $20!
My only complaint was that the hot tea pot was so watered down that it was like hot water...

Very good!
First time with hot pot, and loved it.
Place was packed, so service was so so.
They don't service alcohol but you can bring your own

Yea.
This place is a place I wish I had never tried.
Tried this when they first opened with a friend of mine from out of town.
Meat quality was subpar esp for the price of the place.
I cannot see how this place has as many stars as it does.
My guess is that they have not been to a quality shabu spot.
I bet I can go to a better place and pay about the same amount with meat that is way better than here.
I've been around a lot of butchered meat and the meat here is not good.
I wouldn't even try their pork or chicken here by looking at their quality of beef.

I've been there several times with family.
Loved it every time!
Can't complain because the price is so lovable ($19/person).
Will probably go back more often because winter is here.
With that being said, there are somethings I think they need to improve.
Service - very disorganize, I think only 2 server had prior restaurant experience.
Although they are all very nice but 80% of the time they are not very efficient and not very helpful.
The shabu pot itself and stove was VERY worm out, its already lost its original shape.
Kind of worries me when the pot is tilting towards me with a pot full of boiling soup.
But overall, I would recommend the place for a casual family or friends gathering.
Although the shabu meat quality isn't the best, but make sure u try their lamb chop and fried chicken wings (dinner menu), SOOOO GOOD!

I'm only giving this place a 1-star because there is no zero-star option.
The whole place is a disorganized mess.
It's riddled with building code and health code violations.
For example, they have camping stoves on the tables but no exhaust hoods to ventilate the room.
They have exposed outlets.
The place is a wreck.
The food was decent, but stay away from the blue crab, unless you bring your own claw crackers.
They don't have them.
No one comes to bus your table.
The one point, they left a bussers tub on the floor by our table, which we used to dispose of our used dishes.
Oh, and if you order appetizers, be sure to savor them... an hour into your meal, that is.

So our first visit here was the best.
The server was helpful and explained how to work the hot pot.
They had showed us how to make different sauces and flavors for the broth.
Now the second go around our server didn't explain the new menu nor did he know what an Arnold palmer was.
He only explained that he was having a bad day since the Chargers lost.
He seems lost and unsure of the menu.
Then said we had the option to do the lunch or dinner menu.
Stating lunch menu did not include appetizers and the dinner menu includes 4 appetizers each.
We wanted to do lunch because we only wanted two appetizers.
He said OK then a moment later came back and said we could only do the dinner option.
He rarely check on us and looked high.
Totally upset that we wasted $40 on broth that tasted bland and possibly old.
The high light of our meal...my water.
The appetizers were actually better then I expected.
They were the 2nd highlight of our meal.
Maybe we just got a bad server.
Whatever the case.
Not satisfied.
Should have went to Yama Sushi like we planned.

Pretty good hot pot place in Vegas.
I love the Little sheep Mongolian hot pot in CA so its hard to replace.
Good price for AYCE and the items are fresh.
They have about 4-6 fridges along the back wall of the restaurant that each contain items that are individually wrapped and sorted and portioned.
From different vegetables, mushrooms, meats, tofu, and pumpkin.
They also have a sauce station with a variety of  house made sauces, chili sauces, green onions, cilantro, and garlic.
Everything you need to make your dipping sauce.
They also have a seafood station where you can choose from clams, muscles, crab legs, shrimp (peel and eat with head-on) and fish that is sliced.
The soup base for me is  little plain but they give you two choices.
You can either split your both in 1/2 with one side regular stock and the other side spicy stock or you can choose to make it a full pot regular or full pot spicy.
I personally don't really care for the sauces that they have there.
They don't taste quite right to me.
No matter how much I mix the house made peanut sauce with the house made sate sauce I can't get the taste exactly to my liking.
But they do give you a great variety to choose from.
clean, pretty good service, and they also have a side menu for cooked for fried items that you can order from the kitchen which they limit you to four orders per person.
the fried tofu that they offer is our favorite and they lamb chops they serve are pretty good as well since they don't have that gamey flavor.

I have been meaning to come check out this all you can eat shabu for sometime now.
Finally got to so here we go.
Went for lunch which is 13.95 AYCE!
I was surprised and kind of worried when I entered and it was dead inside at 2pm in the afternoon.
Very clean restaurant.
Good setup and server asked us if it was our first time and explained it to us.
First off we get to grab our food by ourself!
Second they had about 10 different dipping sauces!
Quality of the food was mediocre.
But the fact they had mussels, shrimp, clams and other seafood made up for that.
Different veggies and beef and pork and egg available.
For the price it is totally worth it.
Just use the sauces to make it flavorful.
I don't know how they can afford to do AYCE for 14$.
All in all worth it and definitely worth checking out more than once!
Plus it's the only AYCE hot pot place I've found in Vegas.

The place is a great if you love hot pot but if you're expecting Korean BBQ too: go somewhere else.
The place was fairly empty when we arrived and decently decorated.
But I'm concerned about how some if the food is stored in the fridges (i.e.
The chicken wasn't frozen like the rest if the meat items).
Service was friendly but spotty at times.
While they were good about taking away plates and refilling water, they forgot some of the appetizers we ordered for dinner.
Speaking of appetizers, I recommend the sizzling beef tenderloin and the lamb chop.
Dinner also comes with crab legs and dessert.
Overall, it's great deal for a AYCE hot pot place but it's nothing to get hyped up about.

Three... maybe four stars, at best.
But all you can eat shabu shabu for $13.95?!
Definitely a good bargain.
Came in on a weekday, around 1 or 2pm.
It was my first time, and I was a little weary, because it was dead!
I almost left because the receptionist seemed like she was too busy on the phone to seat me.
Fortunately, a lone employee was doing some cleaning in the corner, noticed me, and sat me down.
The place was spotless... it smelled like bleach (at least you knew it was clean).
I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do--she kind of left me to my own vices, no menu, no explanation.
Then she came back and asked whether I would like spicy or regular soup or both.
She clarified the whole ordering process when she saw the confused look on my face (it didn't help that her English was poor).
You choose the soup: regular, spicy, or both--meaning they split the pot down the middle so you can have best of both worlds, then you get up and physically handpick your meats/seafood, veggies, and sauces on to a plate and bring it back to your table to cook up in your boiling hot pot.
I was pretty impressed by the variety they had.
They had shrimp, clams, mussels, squid, pork belly, pork, beef, and huge selection of veggies to add to your concoction!
It was all kept in a market style fridge/freezer (the kind that you can see through and open).
Everything smelled and looked pretty fresh!
The selection of sauces and condiments allowed you to flavor your soup to your liking.
I really enjoyed the built-in gas stoves at each table, including the bar.
I haven't seen a shabu place in Vegas that's set up like this.
In addition to the hot pots, you can order food from the kitchen (this is considered the dinner all you can eat, which is $19).
All in all, I enjoyed myself.
I left full and satisfied.
The service was so so, but the cleanliness, the food selection, and pricing all makes up for that.

Food was decent.
It was get your own veggies and meat which was nice but with the meat, each plate only contained 3 thin slices of meat.
It made it more work to continue to get up to get plates and then having multiple plates stacked up at the table.
They offer small hot dishes with a maximum of 4 per person which was fine.
The chicken wings are very tasty but only 2 wings per dish.
Dinner was $20 per person and kids under 3 are free.

My boyfriend and I got there a little before 10:20... And the hostess told us they stopped serving food already, so she didn't even seat us.
First of all, why would you stop seating people 40 minutes before you close when you don't even have to cook the food, your customers do it for you.
It's ridiculous.
We called them ahead of time to make sure they were still open.
They even gave us directions, yet no warning that the kitchen was going to stop serving food.

Wow I was very disappointed :/ I love eating shabu Shabu and this is the first place I've had in Vegas ...   As for this experience, we had a group of friend for a birthday dinner - party of about 10 it 11 ppl.
I'm not sure if it was due to being the first big group there for dinner - but the service was the worst.
Horrible on refilling both drinks and broth, clearing the table, and even bringing out our appetizers.
Then throughout the night the place was getting more and more packed ...
Which made it even worse.
I didn't like there set up too.
They had a grocery store style fridge where all the meat/veggies are.
It was  difficult and time consuming to grab your food because there will be lines of people at every angle.
:/ then to add on to that we didn't even get all of our appetizer orders.
Besides those things- their food was pretty fresh and individually wrapped in their self serve fridge.
They even had a sauce making section.
( my favorite is to combine soy sauce ginger and cilantro ).
I'll admit I did have lots to eat but I didn't walk out the restaurant feeling like I would come back ....

I've been here 5 times already and I just discovered this place about a month ago!
The veggies are always fresh!
All can eat for $20!
The employees are super friendly!
This place is gonna see plenty more of me!

I was extremely disappointed with this restaurant.
My friend told me about it.
I got there and this guy who seemed like he did not what he was doing helped Me told him it was my first time .
He was so busy and did not explain anything.
I was so hungry so i.
Proceeded to get Food.
There was a fridge with all this shabu ingredients , it was ok.
The bad part was it was supposed to be all you eat  but then they gave me a menu that said you could only order 4 items ,i was surprised but i looked at the pictures and saw cute little appetizer things i ordered  4 items.
When it came i was really shocked the things that came did not resemble the pictures and instead of three pieces i got two pieces  .
Please if you are providing visual references  please make it similar to what you are going to give me.
So I could at least  identify what i ordered.
i was so frustrated now because I waited for a long time for my orders.
It was hailing a taxi cab  in New York you have to chase the servers so i never got to see my waiters it was always someone new ,people were waiting to pay and it was taking a long time.
Well I said i am just  going to have dessert i heard of the mango and sticky rice in a lot of the reviews and i was excited  because it was the only thing i could look forward for at this point.
Guess what  when i asked about it the waitress told me my only choices were green tea ice cream and another thing that i didn't even understand.Im sorry but that was it.
I paid and let and went to another place to get my dessert .
i am not coming back!!!!!!

My wife saw a flyer and asked if we could try it on a Friday evening.
The restaurant is located in the Smith/Chase complex.
By the way, for some reason, this complex rocks!
We have experienced three excellent restaurant choices here:  Sushi-Mon, Thai House, and now, Shabu Grille.
When we arrived, it was packed (a good sign!).
We were seated in the back room and were waited by 5 different people.
It was awesome.
For an asian restaurant, this was refreshing.
They were attentive and really took care of us.
We basically ordered the AYCE hotpot.
We were told to head over to the refrigerator and pick and choose what we need.
In the fridge, there were:  1.
Lobster 2.
Crabs 3.
Shrimp 4.
Mushrooms (Asian strands) 5.
Beef, 6.
Pork 7.
Various veggies  It was a buffet dream baby!!
Only complaint is that the plates used to pile on the stuff were awfully small and flat.
It was tricky to keep it on the plate.
Because, it was flat, it would easily slide off.
Would recommend they buy BOWLS (plastic is fine).
This can be easily remedied.
In addition to the hot pot buffet, there is also a side menu (included in AYCE) that you can order.
We ordered wings, seaweed salad, edaname, and several other goodies.
Dinner definitely filling!
Here is our rating: Food - 5 Stars Service - 5 Stars (surprisingly!
Excellent) Ambiance and Location- 4 stars Price - 5 stars (AYCE dinner is only 19.95 and I was told lunch was about 14 bucks!
)  Overall, we are so glad that we found this place.
This is definitely going on our list of favorite places to dine!

Oh how I have been looking for a shabu shabu place since I've moved to Vegas!
I got this recommendation from a friend a while back and boy so I not regret it!
So this place is an all you can eat hot pot restaurant.
Depending on when you go, you either pay a lunch or dinner price.
The lunch price is $13.95 and I think the dinner is around $20.
The lunch price doesn't include the appetizers you can see on the menu, but you don't have to worry about that for dinner, just order away!
I personably enjoy myself the hot pot part of the meal, and that's what I focus on the most.
You are given a choice between a half and half pot or a pit of one kind of broth.
With my family, I get the half normal and half spicy broth, but I personally just like the normal broth.
It's all you can eat and the way you get your food is that you go to the fridge that they have of all the meats and vegetables.
The selection I had to choose from was beef, chicken, pork, pork belly, shrimp, fish, cabbage, lettuce, broccoli, eggs, tofu, bok choy, fish balls, and there could be more depending on the day I would say.
You can get as many as you want as many times as you want.
Don't forget to use a tray!
They also have a sauce station for you to visit.
It's hard to say what you would like.
It took me a few trips trying different combinations before I found what I really liked, but I did find it!
So after you bring all your food to your table, you cook your food as you wish.
Being as that you are your own chef, you can't blame the way you cook your food on anyone but yourself.
You can, however, blame the restaurant that the food you are getting is old and stale, but I wouldn't think that a problem like that would be a problem.
The only thing is that if you go during non busy hours, you can accumulate quite a bit of plates from all the food you get.
The problem that I had when i went with my family was that since it was during lunch, not many people were there, and so not many servers were there either.
They don't give very much meat per plate, and so you have to bring quite a bit of them back to your table if you want to fill up your pot.
I had a lot of plates laying around for a bit just because they didn't come pick it up that often, maybe 4 times throughout the hour and forty-five minutes I was there.
It wasn't a big deal since they sat us on a table with extra space on the table, but I could imagine this being a nightmare for anyone that is sat at a small table.
Other than that, I don't have any real complaints about this place.
Unlimited food, cook it yourself, and all you have to do is enjoy!

Well the sign shows Shabu Grill but they don't grill anymore.
According to the server it's been gone quite awhile.

Kitchen items/appetizers now limited to 3 orders per person.
It used to be unlimited, along with all the thinly sliced beef, pork, and sliced chicken, seafood (including crab legs and shrimp), veggies that you can DIY cook in the hot pot at your table.
But for what you are getting and what they are charging, it is still a good value proposition.
Come on, for $20 a person without the hassle of getting all the ingredients yourself and the cleaning up afterwards, totally worth it!
I first came to Shabu Grill all the way to this section of LV because of an UYE hosted by Debbie N.  The event was a resounding success, and we pretty much got to try as much of their menu as we were able to stuff down our faces.
So when a guys night out event was recently organized at this very same location, it was a no brainer for me.
The food is still very good, the service was just as attentive, and the experience just as positive.
The restaurant even accommodated us with extra portable hot pot setups, so 2 instead of 4 or 5 people shared each hot pot.
It just worked out better for us.
The main reason I like this place is the fact that everything for the shabu shabu portion of the dining experience is DIY, including getting the ingredients from the refrigerated cooler nearby.
I love the fact that I can get as little or as much of something, instead of being forced to finished big plates of one item before I can order more or something else.
The DIY sauce and condiments bar is pretty cool.
Not as extensive as comparable restaurants in SoCal, but you get to customize your dipping sauces as wonderfully or not so fantastically as your creativity and inner toque wearing chef would allow.
But it is pretty hard to score a TOTAL FAIL in this minor endeavor, so relax and just have a go at it.
The important thing is to have fun and enjoy this interactive meal solo, but preferably with a small group of friends.
I would totally go back, especially when the weather is still very nippy in the evening.
Note:  There is a "bar" in the front when you walk in, but they do NOT serve alcohol at this establishment.
But if you have room for some beer or other adult beverages, there is a PT in the same strip mall.
Review #2 of 2014

I had high expectations for this place because my girl friend is very picky with her shabu places and she never lets us down.
Unfortunately, that wasn't the case this time around.
Ambiance: 4 Very spacious and clean.
It's actually pretty big for a shabu joint.
They have plenty of tables that even extend into another room.
The set up is different since it's an all-you-can-eat shabu joint.
Quality/Taste: 2 Obviously since it's a buffet set up, it wasn't anything amazing.
You had your meats and seafood to pick from, which included: beef, pork, lamb, shrimp, mussels, calms, squid and a few other things.
They also had all the basic veggies, which worked out for our party since one of our girls was pescatarian.
We all asked for the spicy soup base, which was whatever and almost tasteless and unmemorable.
I think I only got my money's worth because the only thing that tasted fine was the shrimp.
Service: 1 Terrible!
They start off with drinks, great.
Then they give you a list of appetizers where each person is allowed to pick up to 3 options.
Tell me why we didn't get our appetizers 'til half way through our meal.
There was 4 of us at our table and we all wanted spicy soup bases.
They gave us one pot that splits, and one side was spicy and the other was water.
So we asked for another one, and same thing - one side spicy, the other water.
So we had to run down another server to get us the spicy powder base to make both sides spicy.
The first server gave us some chili paste...
The second finally gave us the powder  One of the girls at our table asked for rice at the beginning of the meal, and didn't get it 'til the end of the meal.
We ran down different servers for it too, but they seemed to have an attention span of 10-seconds.
One of our servers who had given us refills, brought us refills again, only this time they were the wrong refills...  At the end of our meal, we decided to just pay up front so we didn't have to wait any longer.
We told the old man who seated us to put $21 on each debit card (there were 2), and the rest cash.
And what does he end up doing?
Uses all the cash and puts $14.51 on each card...
They were able to fix it, but I was left unbelievably annoyed.
Overall: 2 I would not recommend this place to anyone.
I read some of their tips, and I guess they're under new ownership - which my homegirl said makes sense because when she first gave here, she liked it a lot.
Management needs to get their act together.
Seemed like there were only 3 servers on the floor that day to cover the entire restaurant.
On a busy night like that, at least have a busser - that would make such a big difference.
That, or hire some better servers!

This is the second time I've had hot pot and it's good.
Shabu Grill has ACYE lunch and dinner hot pot.
The dinner is what I went to and dinner also includes limited appetizers.
Honestly?
With the hot pot, you don't need the appetizers because you're going to get pretty full from the hot pot itself.
Shabu Grill has two flavors of soup - spicy and regular.
We did half/half.
I went for regular while someone else in my party went with spicy.
The regular really doesn't have any flavor which was disappointing since I've had curry soup before and that was delicious, but I got over it because it was time to start cooking food.
The fridge had several different types of vegetables, like spinach and pumpkin, and meats, like pork belly, shrimp, and crab legs.
There is a sauce station, but I only grabbed green onions to toss into my half of the hot pot because I'm not much of a sauce person.
I stuffed myself silly with hot pot deliciousness and at the end, you get a free scoop of ice cream for dessert.
I definitely want to come back and eat more hot pot, but this time at a lunch's price.

3 stars I feel is worthy rating for this place.
This was my first time ever eating at a shabu grill and I was not impressed by this place due to how they are not real explanatory in how their restraunt works.
They give 2 broths one is spicy and one is straight water.
I don't know is tis is the norm at a shabu grill but I felt lost.
and there selection of sauce sucked and there were like no labels so I was mostly going In blind but there hog apps were good jus make sure u order ur fill because u can only order once.

I didn't even know their was such thing as AYCE hot pot until I came here.
I usually just do hot pot with family or friends at someone's house.
After coming here I realized I would much rather prefer DIY hotpot over going out to eat it.
My party was seated when we got there and they gave us a list of appetizers to choose from with a limit of 3 per person.
After checking what you want, you basically walk over to their fridge and it's a free for all.
To be honest, I was kind of disgusted by the fridge because it just had plates of exposed meat lying inside for god knows how long.
I stuck to a lot of the vegetables.
The hot pot itself had two sides, a spicy side, and a non-spicy side that was divided, like most hot pots.
The meat, as I expected, was not very tasty.
But, it wasn't horrible.
I stuck with the beef, the lamb was too gross.
Halfway through our meal we got all of our appetizers, and at that point I didn't even feel like eating them, I was too into cooking in the hot pot.
I would say the highlight of the meal was drinking the soup broth after cooking a lot of vegetables and seafood in it the whole night.
It was flavorful and satisfying.
Our server was very attentive and refilled our water constantly while taking away all our used plates every time there was a small pile.
He also left us a teapot of water to refill our soups when we needed it.
If this place was closer to my house, I would consider coming back sometime.
But I think for me, hot pot is better left at home.

I thought the shabu was okay and im happy that its fairly cheap.
$20 for AYCE shabu grill is probably one of the cheapest in Vegas.
There was chopped up lobster, crab legs, meats, veggies, noodles, and fishes.
You also get appetizers as well.
Everything tasted ok but not amazing.
The soups were good as well.

Extremely terrible!!!
The only good about this place is the decor.
The food was horrible, the chicken was rubbery, the veggies were a joke.
My wife and I only ate the fried rice, paid our bill and then went to Sushi Mon.
Don't go here you will be very disappointed.

First shabu restaurant I have been to, but after popping in to see what it was all about, we decided to try it; $20 AYCE hot pot, why not?!
The hostess explained how it worked to us very well & the service was excellent (staff refilled our drinks, added broth to our pot, and checked on us frequently).
We went with the spicy broth, but had it refilled with the plain chicken broth.
I agree that the broth was "plain", but I liked that we got to add as much (or as little) garlic, ginger, cilantro, green onions, lemon, and jalapeños as we wanted...so as we cooked the meats, shellfish, and vegetables, the broth got more flavorful along the way.
Chicken, shrimp, pork wontons, tofu, and liver servings were individually wrapped, as were the different noodle offerings and some of the vegetables.
Sliced meats were portioned out in individual trays (beef, lamb, pork, pork belly).
The rest were offered in bins for you to put as much, or as little, as you desired.
Selections included: clams, mussels, squid, octopus, lobster, snow crab, fish ball, fish cake, fish (sole?
), broccoli, baby bok choy, mushrooms, pumpkin, taro...there was more, but I can't recall them all.
They offer an assortment of sauces to dip your meats and veggies in: ponzu, BBQ (like hoisin, but lighter in flavor and texture), peanut (similar to satay dipping sauce), Thai (a little spicy with a little sweetness to it, really good for the octopus), and 1-2 more that I didn't try and can't remember...sorry.
Dinner comes with 3 appetizers per person.
If you are a lamb lover, definitely pick the lamb chop for one of them (it was oh so yummy).
You also get a scoop of ice cream for dessert.
While the option to sip on an Asian beer would have been nice, not having alcohol isn't a deal breaker for me.
All in all, I give it a two thumbs up.
We will definitely be back!

Are you kidding me?
Worst dining experience, ever.
I had high expectations for this place.
First off, the hostess was rude.
She asked if we had been there before, but took awhile for her to explain how everything is self-served (which, by the way, was disgusting how all the meat and seafood is just openly exposed in the same nasty refrigerator for who knows how long).
The plates were dirty and some of the meat we chose from the fridge was literally sticking onto the plate.
No one even asked if we wanted anything to drink.
We had to get up ask for water.
It took 25 minutes to get our appetizers and the quality of the food was just horrible.
I had spit out the clams because it tasted old and bad.
I feel like I'm about to get sick.
I left unhappy, unsatisfied and still hungry!

First time coming here and my last time.
The service sucked big time, very little instructions on where anything is.
The food area looks like a health code violation, the plates and sliverware still had left over food.
.. overall this place seems like its been open for years and everything is grimy and gross, the broth has no flavor, taste like boiling water.
Was it worth the 22.00, nope... Will I come back?
Nope I am afraid I might get food poisoning

Overall the food was good, I enjoyed the atmosphere, and I enjoyed the music.
The price is wonderful, $20 for all you can eat is great.
I do believe for people who have never been there before, the staff could have explained everything a bit better.
There were 2 dishes we came encounter with that was not clean.

I give it a 2 for the food selection and that's about it.
From the greeting and customer service, it was horrible.
It was actually me and hubby's first time trying out shabu and nobody helped us and even when we asked they didn't bother to explain anything.
We just has to google what to do just to eat.

The only thing I regret about eating here is that I should have spoken Thai and maybe I could have got better service because when you are new you want to at least get directed on  how to enjoy your meal here but I guess not..they were brief and didn't really care about customers enjoying their meal here..I will give them another shot because we basically watched other people eat here and we had to figure it out on our own and now know what to do..our maybe I'll bring my parents with me to show us how

If you are ever wondering off the strip and have a craving for shabu hot pot then look no further.
At first, I was skeptical since it was just me and Dad at the restaurant at first but more people trickled through out the meal.
The server came by frequently to refill our waters and add broth.
The dishes of meat are perfectly portioned and  the quality is top tier.
The meats are thinly sliced and well marinated.
It does help that there is a wide variety of sauces to choose from and different foods too.
I was fond of the sauce station where you could control the amounts and types of ingredients to select from.
I was very impressed and the price you simply cannot beat for all you can eat at mid-day.
You can let the server know if you want hot, spicy or a not spicy chicken broth or 2 of the 3 split in a pot.
I highly recommend the squid, tripe, fish fillets, shrimp, thinly sliced beef, fish cakes, soft tofu, Asian vegetables, and the pork belly.
I hardly touched my water cup until the end.
If you are not stuffed quite yet then you can either get a bowl or a few spoonfuls of the broth.
Its quite tasty especially since the marinated meats were cooked in it during the course of the meal.

It was our first time here and the host made us feel comfortable.

My weekends are often times busy as heck!
It's also a great opportunity for me to connect with friends!
Every meal is reserved for a new friend and new experience.
For Saturday's lunch, a friend recommended Shabu Grill as it offered some delicious food.
I haven't been to Shabu Shabu since I moved up to Vegas almost 7 years ago, so I was excited to experience this again.
For those not in the know, Shabu Shabu is a savory dish where thinly sliced meats, veggies and noodles are cooked in boiling broth.
Once, I heard that Shabu Shabu was actually an onomatopœia referring to the sounds coming from the pot when the ingredients are being stirred.
Whether or not that's true, my taste buds certainly made the decision to Shabu my way to Shabu Grill.
Shabu grill is located in one of the most popular intersections on Silverado Ranch.
If you've been to other popular places like Sushimon and Thai House, you know exactly where I'm talking about.
Shabu takes a chunk of the building, close to the corner of Silverado and Maryland.
When you walk in you'll notice the bar to the left and a couple of fake palm trees and bamboo sectioning out the actual dining area.
The dining area was actually pretty nice and modern.
Stainless steal vents over the tables, exposed air duct on the ceiling, marbled table that gives a granite counter look, exposed rock countering.
In the middle of the restaurant was a non-alcoholic bar area with a big boat on top as the focal point.
Although they had servers clearing the tables and bringing appetizers, this was an all you can eat joint.
My favorite!
For lunch, the AYCE option was $20.
It came with unlimited food and 3 choices from the appetizer menu.
How it works is you choose our broth, either non spicy, spicy or half and half, and then go to town on the food.
All food options are served in two big reefers.
You grab a plate or two, open the doors and choose what you want.
They literally had everything!
Baby bok choy to tofu skin, mushrooms to dumplings, lamb to pork belly.
Everything you wanted was there for the taking.
As many items as your arms could juggle was available.
Remember though, it's all you can eat so pick out what you want, go back to your table and go get some more!
I really enjoyed the long stem mushrooms, bok choy, lamb, pork belly and pork gyoza.
For this visit, we chose the spicy broth.
I'm certainly not the spicy kind of person but trust me, it's not spicy at all.
It makes the food tangy and flavorful!
With the thinness of the meat, you'll be going back to the reefers again and again.
I must have visited them at least 6 or 7 times!
On top of the AYCE items, we were granted 3 appetizers off their menu.
I chose the chicken wings, lamb chops and pork chops.
All apps are included in the $20 bill.
The chicken wings were crispy and juicy on the inside and came dry meaning without a sauce.
The pork chops were tender and super flavorful but the lamb chops were the star of the show!
Although it wasn't cooked at a medium temperature, it was still perfectly grilled.
The seasoning was light and allowed the lamb flavor to shine through.
Highly recommend this app!
I'm always appreciative of the interactive types of meals.
Korean BBQ grills, fondue, Sukiyaki, they're all the same.
Having the interactive element makes eating the food that much better.
I'm definitely sure that I'll be back again very soon.
Now that I've discovered a location close to my friends' houses, it will give me an excuse to come back again and again.
If you're in the Silverado area and looking for a good place to eat, check this place out!
You won't be disappointed!

Been here about 3 times now and it never disappoints.
I would say the main star of the meal is just doing hotpot.
They allow a choice of 3 appetizers per person from a large list of variety appetizers but they're not worth filling up space in your stomach (save all that room for the all you can eat meats and veggies).
Shabu hotpot is about $20/person for all you can eat.
It comes with the 3 appetizers as I've stated above and ice cream at the end of your meal.
They serve half regular broth and half spicy but you can choose to do both the same if you'd like.
You can also change your mind later so don't worry.
One thing I love is their dipping sauce station!
You can create/choose your own sauces and as many different kinds as you like!
For someone like me who basically has condiments with a side of food that is heaven.
Hotpot is self serve.
They keep all of the meats and veggies wrapped up in a refrigerator and you grab what you want.
Some people might be a bit iffy about the arrangement but for $20, you get what you paid for (everything's fresh, don't be afraid).
I love the variety of veggies and tofu.
It's a great place for my husband and I since he's such a carnivore and I'm such an herbivore.
Service is always friendly and if you basically want the place to yourself come around 4-5pm, people don't begin rushing in until about 6pm and after.
They're also open late in case you're a complete night owl.
FYI: if you're looking for alcohol this isn't the place.
No liquor license.

Very different experience.
I enjoyed the udon noodles the best & you have a choice of meats veggies or sauces to add.
Cook your own food at the grill and also some sides are pre cooked.
Try the fried rice it is excellent.

Too tired to type a review but I'll update this later.
Anyways update about their AYCE, I know they started off with unlimited appetizers, then three per person, now it's two appetizers per person.
The appetizers were very small.
I know it's an appetizer, but it is much smaller from the pictures posted.
Not the best shabu bit you get what you paid for.
Give it a try, why not.

This place was a lot of fun.
For $13.95 you can get the all you can eat hot pot lunch.
This was my first time trying the serve yourself hotpot experience, and I had a lot of fun.
First, you order drinks, and pick your type of broth Regular/Spicy.
I of course, went spicy.
After that, you head over to the wall of refrigerators, where all the goods are just waiting to be devoured.
They have the typical chicken/beef options, but throw in some pork belly, calamari, clams, and Swai, among other things.
You can pick your noodle type/egg-rice, and size, and grab some vegetables/starches such as pumpkin, Taro, broccoli, and the trusty green leafy stuff.
Ah!
Don't forget your mushrooms!
Finish it all off with the condiments, Garlic and such, then throw your soon to be meal in the pot and let it cook.
This process does not take more then a min-2 for everything to be chow ready.
I plan on coming back for the dinner option, which I was told has some ''extra'' items im really excited to try.
Lastly, very friendly staff.
5 Stars for friendly, fun, and delicious!

I can't really ask for much once I'm here.
I love plenty of things here, especially the tripe and the pork blood.
:0D  It's AYCE so you can hop on over to the fridge to grab your ingredients for your hotpot.
My sister and her boyfriend like to come here so they're on friendly terms with one of the staff members.
They all seem very friendly so service was a definite plus.
It's definitely out of the way for me, though, so I'll only be here sparingly but I'll consider it for a birthday dinner :0).
P.S.
They take reservations for parties over 6.

Had a fun dinner at Shabu Grill last night.
We had never been to a Shabu restaurant, and really enjoyed it.
The restaurant was clean, food was a good quality, and the price was reasonable.
$19.95 for all you can eat Shabu, plus ice cream was a great deal.
We were fortunate to have Chris as our server because he explained exactly how Shabu works.
He was informative, and a lovely guy and a great person to have on staff.
We will definitely be back!

Ah the Shabu Grill..
This is a tough review.
It's like I wanna give it 5 stars, but at the same time, I want to give it 1 star.
There are big reasons for each.
I shall go into detail.
First of all, which has already been stated many times, it's 13.99 for ayce lunch, and 19.99 for dinner.
For shabu shabu, it's a great deal.
That's where the 5 stars come in.
Unfortunately, some of the food items were a big let down.
I came in during lunch.
I was given the choice of a hot or regular broth.
They also said I can get half and half.
I chose the latter.
The broth is kept warm in the middle of the table that has a stove in the middle.
After tasting both broths, I noticed that they were pretty bland.
(Nearing the end of my meal, a different waitress told me that there were seasoning items located in the bar area, I wish I had known that sooner.
)  I grabbed hold of some items at the fridges where they kept their food.
I first grabbed some seafood.
The shrimp were pretty good.
They were large and sweet.
The octopus was tasty as well.
Unfortunately, the squid and the fish filet smelled funky.
No chancing this one.
(After I told the waitress, another waitress came back later and said it wasn't spoiled it was .... you know the drill....I stopped listening, didn't want to hear it...)  Tried some meat items as well.
I liked the pork and beef cuts.
They were good as well.
But you have to realize that I'm still dipping this in my bland broth.
Then finished it off with veggies and egg noodles, which were ok, but the napa cabbage was pretty bitter, even after boiling them for a long time..
The best thing I tried was probably the tofu, it got really soft after boiling it for a while and it was nice.
The pork wontons tasted weird I thought.
While almost through finishing my meat items, a different waitress than the one  that had first seated me comes and see's and asks me why I don't have any sauces.
I'm like "Sauces?
" And she's like "There on the counter near the bar".
I'm like "Great.." So I go over and grab the Thai chili sauce and some ponzu sauce.
I also grabbed a ton of chopped garlic, cilantro, ginger, and lots of S.A.L.T.!!!
I dumped all of these items (not the sauces) into both broths.
Holy crap, what a difference seasoning can make.
And the sauces here are killer!
After dipping some meat into the seasoned broth and then into sauces, it was really good.
Well, there you have it.
I would come back, probably during dinner so that I can try some of the entrees that aren't available during lunch.
And I would get just the tofu, and meats.
I would season my broth AND get my sauces before eating anything.
But, I would come here just to try, I don't see myself being a regular.

There are very few hot pot/shabu restaurants in Las Vegas who are worth its price but look no further - this place is awesome and best I've found so far.
It is about $20/per person - I paid $55 including tip because the service was great, friendly, and all around awesome.
Staff was attentive and always wanted to make sure we got everything we needed.
This restaurant is set up very efficiently.
Everything is in small portions...where you go up to the refrigerator..and grab it yourself!
YAY - no more super big plates that you and your party have to gargle down to avoid the leftover fee and everything is already wrapped over in plastic wrap already so it won't go bad - also, there is a station where you can mix and make your own dipping sauces!
- ranging from peanut sauce to spicy thai to fish sauce, etc.
Although it is on the opposite ends of the strip (a bit closer to Henderson) - this is definitely worth your money and the drive to come here.They offer seafood: crab legs, clams, shrimp, etc to noodles: rice noodle, vermicelli, udon, yellow noodle(avoid this one lol) to meats: pork belly, chicken, beef, etc.
to veggies: lettuce, bok choy, spinach, etc to other yummy items: wontons, taro?, enoki mushrooms, etc.
Would highly recommend, come here all my SF friends who are visiting!

Just recently had shabu shabu for the first time here!
Definitely great for picky eaters.
You get to choose exactly what to put in and how you want it.
They have seafood, and array of meats, vegetables, sauces, etc.
very cool to be able to experiment.
It is all you can eat for $20, which seemed like a lot at the time, but I'm sure i ate more than that in lobster and crab alone.
They will refill the broth if you need as well!
The staff was amazingly friendly and helpful, especially when they found out that we had no idea what to do.
The only qualm i had was with the many screaming toddlers, but really, that's not the places fault.
Green tea ice cream at the end made it the perfect date night.

This place has come a long way.
The variety and quality of the all you can eat shabu shabu is superb!
King crab legs, mussels, clams, beef, chicken, scallops, and the list goes on.
All you can eat for $19.95, is an incredible deal.
They don't lose any quality like most ayce places.
Their sauces are their well kept secret.
I personally like the thai sauce...

It's OK.
I've been here a couple times since it's so close to my work but it seems like the quality has gone down while prices went up!
The meats and seafood are frozen before cooking in your broth.
They have a sauce station that is great bc it adds a lot of flavor but without it everything tastes bland!
Cheap foam plates are used and they used to give free appetizers which was included in a 19.99 all u can eat price but now the price is 24.99 and everything else is extra.
Probably won't be back anytime soon

Diners beware!
Apparently the lunch AYCE price does not apply on the weekends.
Went to lunch there today and assumed the weekday lunch price.
Nowhere in the restaurant nor did our host notify us the price on the weekends were the dinner price.
Imagine my surprise when I got the check!
I asked the host where does it say dinner price on weekends?
She feigned not being able to understand English all of the sudden and said it's a new thing they just enacted.
Really?
Will not be returning here again.

Disappointed with this place now....been here several times and I feel like their quality of products has changed.....soup is so bland no taste just a bunch of peppers in it....then the food is kept In the fridge.
A few items were still frozen, fish had a weird smell and so did the squid.
I went for the won tons but they too tasted funky.....I think ordering off the menu was safer....but then it's only one item per customer.....well this is no longer a place for me to keep coming back to....

I went here a couple of time bf and everything was great and the price for dinner was only 20 dollars a person it was great than .
So July the 4  I went back and the price is 24.95 a person and the food are lesser in choices it was good when it was 20 a person I'm so upset whoever I found a place I like they raise the price I don't think they will last is they do that I will never go back again

