Sought shelter from the rain underneath Fried and Fabulous' awning a couple nights ago.
The sweet smell of funnel cake batter carried through the humid air teasing my nostrils.
Tried the fried PB&J and the cookie dough balls.
Both were equally delicious.
Definitely worth checking out on the way home from the bars.

They do what they set out to do perfectly.
The cookie dough balls are ridiculously good, although I'd hate to see a calorie count!
I find the guy who runs it just a bit loud and overbearing, but if he's deep-frying cookie dough, I won't complain.

Hands down the best deep fried peanut butter and jelly sandwich!
After eating the deep fried cheesecake, i can never go to back to ians again for late night drunchies.
great contribution to Madison's after party night life.
The only thing that could have enhanced my experience would have been a gallon of milk to wash down these delicious treats.

Late night food is always a marvel.
When the munchies (be them because you're drunk, high or just sick of studying) strike at 3am, nutrition goes out the window.
Which is lucky because otherwise you'd never get to experience the amazingness that is deep frying sweets in funnel cake batter.
The fried snickers bar is amazing.
The pb&j is surprising (seriously, it sounds weird, but it's so good!
) I've never tried anything else on the menu because I can't resist those two options.
Oh and for you healthy people, they've got some healthy options like apple slices...but really, be fabulous and get something fried.

Update: I stand by everything I wrote, save for my comments about Steve.
Steve and his partner are gods striving amongst men.
Steve is a flawless human being about whom a negative thought should not be uttered.
But seriously, they're really nice guys and I don't think they're overbearing.
Keep up the good work!

I freaken love this place.
Late night fried food at it's finest.
They have the best sweets and late night eats.
When I'm craving sweet gooey awesomeness I know where to go!

Holy Crap!
Friend & Fabulous is f'n amazing!
Now I would like to let you know that I have tried their food twice now.
Once absolutely hammered and once totally sober.
Each time was a total A+!
The next time I'm feeling devilish I'm going back to Fried & Fabulous!
Holla

When you need a fried food fix, come here.
It is amazing.
I had a fried brownie.
It was the perfect amount of junk food/sweet tooth satisfaction.
Seriously, amazing.
The owner was outside talking to us about the menu and it was nice to have a friendly person introduce us to this truck.
I found out about this from a friend and I have been following them on facebook.
They have a special every night.
If you like it, one person gets the special for free.
The night we went it was the Reese's Sticks.
My husband had one and he LOVED it.
I tried the Fried Oreo but it was nothing compared to the brownie.
They carry Sassy Cow milk.
Drink it, love it.
It is Sassy Cow.
I love Sassy Cow and have for quite some time.
It is hard to find Sassy Cow in Madison because the dairy is outside the city.
So go to this food truck.
It is perfect when you need a little cheat because it will satisfy your sweet tooth.
Not to mention, supporting a food truck is good karma.
They are a friendly, quality business.
They also take cards!!!
No cash needed.

Looking for an amazing late night treat?
I found the spot to get your sweet tooth fix!
The words unique and yum only start to describe this food cart!
At first glace, walking up to this cart for the first time, I thought it would be like any other food cart.
But, on Friday night I was in for a new treat in so many ways.
My wife and I were met by the owner of the cart standing outside the cart awaiting our arrival.
This guy was so nice, the word polite does not even begin to describe him.
Not to mention, he was not only promoting his own cart to us, but also highlighting some of the other food cart's in the area for us to try.
This food cart is perfect model example of, how to run a food cart.
We ordered a brownie, an Oreo, and that night's special, a Reese Stick.
They were all made fresh from the order and very quick.
They tasted incredible!
Good work guys!
I'll be back for sure!

This place is as good as it gets when it comes to fried food.
When it comes to any sweet-tooth craving you might have, this is the place to go.
The menu is decadent, but not crazy over-the-top kind of stuff.
It's exactly what you're looking for at the price you're willing to pay.
I first tried the fried chocolate chip ice cream sandwich, which was more than I could ever have hoped for.
The cookie was heated and gooey and the ice cream remained chilled right in the center.
I couldn't have imagined a more delightful surprise!
With all the 5-star reviews, you might think that this place is too good to be true, but trust me, it will meet all your expectations.
Friendly service and delicious food, all found with this incredible vendor.
Get ready to be amazed!

Ok, to be honest I was a bit skeptical.
I'm not usually someone who goes for the "take something rich and throw it in the fryer!
" kind of thing.
But, this is my exception.
Because it's freaking fantastic, that's why.
When you are *ahem* a few drinks down on a late Saturday night, nothing.
NOTHING will taste better than a visit to F&F.
Many things taste wonderful fried, like their options of fried cheesecake, cookie dough ball, PB& J, but the fried bacon is uh-maze-ing.
It's thicker than your normal slice of bacon, and crunchy and amazing, and pork-tastic.
I like it so much, I'd put a ring on it.
They have daily specials, so check facebook for the latest fried bonanza.

Concept?
Fabulous.
Quality?
Meh...hit or miss.
Deep fried Oreos: hit.
The chocolate cookie becomes beautifully soft from the heat of the fryer, as does the inner cream filling.
Yum.
Deep fried pancakes and bacon: miss.
Lovin the spoof on pigs in a blanket, especially since I always prefer bacon to sausage.
But...this concoction was just not right.
The excessively crunchy, much too crumbly bacon did not pair well with the pancake, the flavor of which was completely clouded by the greasiness of it being fried and much too coated in powdered sugar.
Deep fried cookie dough ball: hit.
The cookie dough holds its own with its boldly buttery, brown sugary flavor that is complimented by the melted quality of the chocolate chips.
Winner.
Deep fried breakfast sandwich: miss... Maybe it's just me, but I wasn't too keen on deep-frying a breakfast sandwich of pancakes, eggs, bacon, melted cheese and all...#heartattack   Hashbrown: hit.
This classic fried item is a welcome presence on a menu laden with wacky and unexpected.
Fried & Fabulous switches up their menu quite often.
And as far as ordering, it's always a gamble.
I've found that I either love an item or detest it.
But the thrill of the place is the novelty of it all being fried.
Despite the occasional disappointments, it's always fun to see what they come up with.

So in short they are indeed their name; everything deep fried (oh so Wisconsin) and fabulous.
They started out as doing dessert but now have cheese curds, and other savories which I am yet to try!
I do try to stay clear of  this cart as much possible because eating healthy does not happen here.
But then again if you are eating healthy you won't go to a place names Fried and Fabulous, so I am not really trying very hard :P   At a recent trip to the farmers market my husband and I with two other people had  three things that we shared.
Fried Cookie Cough- My FAVORITE!!
Fried Oreo: Awesome.
Fried Twix: okay, but I am not a big twix fan so yeah it is probably awesome!!
Because they fry everything fresh you do have to wait so that's the only con.
But is it really?
The service is usually awesome-really nice guys.
Except for the farmers market they are out at Riley's  weekend late nights- I am not sure of their other locations but they have a Facebook page so it's easy enough to find.
Pro Farmers Market Tip- If you are getting something from Stellas, and this place.
You can tag team it with someone since they are across the street, and you don't wind up waiting in 2 lines!

