Huge!
I'm so happy a HL is on this side of town!
Great prices, lots of selection,home decor and crafts!
I plan to spend lots of time...and money here!

So big and great deals!!

This is the 2nd Hobby Lobby to open in Vegas.
It's slightly larger than the Henderson store, a bit cleaner, but the friendly staff you find in the Henderson location is also found here.
It's also a bit easier IMHO to get in and out of as it's closer to the 215 than the Henderson location.
Don't forget to go online and print off your 40% off coupon before you go!

wow hobby lobby!
shame on you!
I brought a piece from Paris that I purchased to get framed here.
They took over a week past their deadline to return the finished product.
They claimed they called me twice which I didn't get any miss calls or voice mails.
They gave me the run aways saying that they were short on the material, etc.
Came in 3 weeks later to pick up my frame, asked to speak to a manager and asked for a discount (note that this costed me +$100) they gave me attitude, told them I wouldn't come back here again and that I'll take my business somewhere else.
Left paying with a 10% discount.
first time, last time.
NEXT!

This store is gigantor...and I feel like its a bit of a clusterf*** but somehow I can't resist coming in here.
There are NO signs to tell you where things are, probably because most things are scattered all over the place.
There's most always a coupon for 40% off one item with exclusions online.
I've shopped around for wooden letters and I kept eyeing the ones at Hobby Lobby.
Sure enough you wait long enough and it goes on sale!
Score!
They don't have the capabilities to scan the barcode, so they punch the price in manually which you need to really make sure they take off the discount.
If you don't say anything they aren't really good at remembering that some things are discounted for the week.
Overall, I think Hobby Lobby has an awesome selection of crafts, but you definitely need to keep track of what you pay for it and most everything always goes on sale...just wait it out.

Woooohooo!
We finally got a Hobby Lobby on this side of town!
I used to have to drive 50 miles round trip to go to the Henderson location.
This store is huge and is very cleaned and well stocked.
If you sign up for their e-club they send you a 40% off coupon or current promotion.
I often pull up hobby lobby on my smart phone and just show the 40% coupon and they take it with no problem.
I just signed up for the Wilton cake decorating class and couldn't be more excited.
They have a separate classroom for the several classes they do offer.
You can go to their website and look up the class schedule to see what they offer and the dates for them.
They offer great discounts at times on them.
The cake decorating class I signed up for is usually $45 but I got it for a total of $20.50.
The name says it all.
"Hobby Lobby" has all your *hobby* needs!
They have a great scrap-booking section with the best stickers.
If you are a crafter you need to check this place out!!!
They have the cutest home decor too.

Whoa.
Take a tip from me; the first time you go here, leave yourself a good hour to just walk around this huge massive place and gawk.
I did that today and probably looked like a slack jawed yokel with my mouth open in amazement.
Hobby Lobby is like the Harvest Festival, Michael's, Joanne's, and a furniture store all rolled into one.
Silk flowers that are color coordinated so they're easy to find?
Check.
Wedding aisle and rentals?
Check.
Paper of every size, color, and thickness?
Check.
Beautiful, delicate, one-of-a-kind Christmas ornaments?
Check.
Heck, half the store is Christmas stuff if you're into that.
So many color coordinated ornaments!
And even a peacock themed Christmas tree!
Ample seasonal decorations for autumn?
Check.
Soooo many owls!!!
Girly room docorations?
Nautical decorations?
Music themed decorations?
Triple check.
Bolts and bolts of fabric?
Check.
And the cherry on top:  pretty much the whole store was on sale 40 - 50% off.
My husband is lucky I didn't come home with half the store!

This store has it ALL!!!
No more running to all different craft stores.
The prices are good and they have mobile coupons just like Joanne's and Michael's.
The only down fall so far is that it is closed on Sundays.
But, you can spend hours in this store.

Wow..What a store.
You can pretty much get any sort of decorator stuff here.
For instance, I just recently purchased dried flowers.
OMG...What a dried flower section they have.
Some of the dried flowers are half price and they were located at the front right hand side of the store.
Also, I have purchased scrapbook supplies located in the back left hand side of the store.
Hobby lobby is so much fun...You will be amazed at the variety and great sales!

I shop craft stores for fine art supplies... Hobby Lobby, while way more organized, is always priced 2-3$ more than Michael's for the same merchandise handled the same way (poorly).
I only go here when I can't find it at Michael's, or I have a gift card that needs to be used... please no more gift cards here.. omg please... lol

Love this store!
I go here mainly for my sewing, arts and crafts needs, but also to find some cute things for home decorating and I'm (almost) never disappointed.
They bring in the cutest stuff and it's always well-organized so they make it rather easy to find whatever it is you're looking for.
I'm a fan :)

I came here looking for beads .
The selection is smaller than Michael's but it is unique.
I found beads and pendants that I haven't seen anywhere.
There is also an extensive amount of home decor in numerous types of themes.
They even sell beautiful fabric that you can make pillows out of!
If only I knew how to sew!
They are closed on Sundays.
I would suggest going on their website before making a trip here.
They have 40% off a single item coupons that you can print out.

Fun store.
Glad we have one on our side of town now.
Large variety of art and craft supplies, they don't really specialize in one particular area.
I don't really understand the large area with just home decor, I think they could do with out this and add more crafting supplies.
Prices are pretty good.
Be sure to sign up for emails so you don't miss out on coupons.
Store is clean and organized and staff is friendly.

I would give this amazing place 5 stars if it weren't for the checkout experience.
I love Hobby Lobby, and always have.
We had them back in Tennessee years before they ever came to Vegas.
I was so excited when they opened one a short drive from my work.
I recently went to purchase some gift cards for Christmas and found the cashier at the checkout to be quite challenging.
I picked up a pack of 3 gift card holders that were packaged together with a price tag of $1.99.
By packaged together, I mean they were encased in cellophane with one cardboard slab across the top which had a hole in it by which the packet was hung by.
The cashier, a young gentleman, suggested that the $1.99 was really the price of each in the package not the total of the 3.
I was baffled at the logic in that.
It wasn't as if you could only purchase one, they were packaged together!!!
Instead of taking my word for it, he had to wait for someone with authority to come over and confirm it.
Being that this was the week before Christmas, the store was packed and the lines were atrocious.
I felt horrible making the line wait for such an ignorant reason, but I knew I was right.
The older woman (with authority) finally came over to the register, after carrying on a personal conversation with another employee for 5+ minutes.
She confirmed what I had said to be true, the $1.99 was for all 3 card holders in the package.
I love you Hobby Lobby but you have got to hire better people or at least train them better.
Good customer service goes a long way!

Imagine if Michaels and Kirklands had a baby.. that child is Hobby Lobby.
I try to stay away from this store, only because I leave with way more than I intended to buy.
Everything you need craft wise is here.
From puzzles to model cars, do it yourself crafts to quilting supplies, Hobby Lobby has all of your crafting needs.
Home decore is another area where Hobby Lobby succeeds.
Furinture, nick-nacks, area rugs, lamps and more.
Theres even a special section for any guy looking to decorate his man cave.
Don't be fooled guys, this place will also please you.
Theres always great deals going around the store, from 50% off holiday fabric, 50% off anything metal etc.
I bought a large area rug for $50 and countless home decorations and paintings for around $10 each.
This place is amazing but for all you weekend shoppers beware: closed on Sunday

Stopped in here because wifey was looking for some fabric to cover some pillows we have.
its a cool place to go if you're a very crafty DIY/ Martha Stewartesque kinda person.
The staff here are very helpful as well.
One of the workers pulled up a code on wifey's phone that she could always use with every visit and receive 40% off...thought that was pretty cool of her, knowing that some things in here can cost a pretty penny.
The sections with model cars and posters were neat, and the case full of Krylon spray paint brought back memories of my mischieveous teen years...;)   ALOHA!!!
YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(88/100) "Michael's Cousin"

Since the first time I visited Hobby Lobby I was in love with this place.
Don't be fooled by the name this isn't just a lobby for a hobby.
LOL  If you are looking for something crafty - they have all that (similar to Michael's and Joanne's) but the HUGE plus is that they have home décor.
If you are looking to decorate some walls, add some furniture, even enhance your home with new accents this is the place!
Now I take away one star because this place can be a little countryish.
If that's your thang then you will be in Country Heaven singin with the birds but don't get me wrong they have a wide range of styles (just alot of country) and I'm not really down with that.
I have noticed a lot of bedroom décor for girls and teenagers that would be really great if you are looking for that.
Wall mirrors and clocks are everywhere.
There is a huge frame section if you are looking for something unique.
They also go big on holiday décor-like right now there are rows of Memorial Day/4th of July items.
I might be back for some of that.
The prices are super reasonable and there are sales all the time.
The best secret is their new phone app that gives you deals....like right now I have a 40% off one item that I think I might use on a silk tree for my living room.
The customer service here is bomb!
Everyone is always willing to help.
One added thing, they are closed on Sundays *a day of rest I am guessing.
I'm a big fan!

My favorite place to go for home decor items!
Most items are on sale ranging from 30-50% off (rarely the crafts though).
I am assuming that this is because HL produces their own products for home decor, so there is no third party involved.
Always remember to use your 40% off one item coupon!
I've definitely formed an addiction shopping here and the associates are generally helpful.

OMG..
I can get lost in this store for hours !!
It has everything and the pricing is great !!!
I love all the candles etc...
Very girly things, which I really love :)

Got house?
Need to fill it with rando stuff?
Welcome to your happy place.
I came here to pick up some beads when I was in the area (upcoming wine charm station) and I was shocked to see the sheer size of this place.
It's not only filled with every art supply, fabric, crafting and framing item you could ever need, it's also filled with furniture, artwork, seasonal items and home accents.
One stop shopping for things you probably don't need.
Best part?
There are weekly rotating specials that turn half the store 40-50% off.
Yea, dawg.
Cheap beads.
Did you find a super awesome item NOT on sale?
No worries, download the app and you can get one regularly priced item at 40% off....every week.
Bawse move, coupon Queen!
I left with beads...and a fake tree.
And yes, now I have the Hobby Lobby app right next to my Tinder app.
Playa for real!

I love the phone app.... Great coupons...
Some things in this store are a bit pricey but love the selection here

I have uh, mixed ideas on this place.
First, this is the MECCA of hobbies, anything you need it here.
BUT...the owners are VERY christian; are super anti-gay, and very conservative.
I can't support a place that is so opposite my views, and so i shall only shop here when Joanne's etc.
or Michael's does not have what I need.

Huge selection of arts and crafts stuff but overpriced compared to other places.
Recommend Blick Arts, Desert Art Supply, or Michaels.

I haven't been to a Hobby Lobby since 2000 when I had to get an item for a school project, that was located at Decatur and Sahara.
I wasn't impressed with it and never went to another location.
I kept hearing about Hobby Lobby on Ft. Apache and how great it is so one day I decided to come in here.
All I can say when I stepped in was holy fuck!
This place is freaking huge!
It was so huge that I did not know where to start, I was quite lost.
I would say it's a JoAnn's + Michaels combined x2.
I was there for over an hour and didn't get to walk the whole store.
Their scrapbook selection was quite huge so I know where I'll be going when I start on a new project.
I also like that they have fabrics available as well.
I haven't sewn in forever but it's a nice to know.
They have an app for the smartphone and like Michaels/JoAnn's, there is always a 40% off coupon.
The day I went, almost all the items I saw was 50% off so I didn't get to use the coupon at all which is fine.
They also have a Hobby Lobby credit card which I was interested in but decided against it as I'm trying not to own credit cards and limit it to my amazon card since I shop a lot on Amazon lol.
Can't wait to go back!

It's like American Pickers warehouse exploded in here!
Lots of cool stuff to decorate with, or a great place to find gifts.
I only go for the 80% off Christmas clearance, which is one of the best deals around.
I got all my gift bags, etc.
for next year.
The place has an old school feel, which is different, and they often have 40% off a regular price item in the paper.
There is probably something here for every generation, because there is much more than crafting supplies.

When you'll find me here: Saturday nights, 20 minutes before closing, rushing to take advantage of their amazing 30-50% deals.
I'm not sure why I do this to myself, since they'll have great deals rotating next week, but I guess I like the rush of gathering my DIY/Craft goods.
I've been able to find a lot of random stuff here to use as decorations for my upcoming wedding and to fill out my house with interesting pieces here and there.
I wish there were more people out on the floor to help you find stuff, but you're probably better off just roaming around the whole store anyway and stumbling upon new (sometimes useless) things

I love Hobby Lobby.
I also hate Hobby Lobby.
I love it because there's so much there that I would just love to buy: fabrics, paint, scrapbook paper, wall art.
I hate Hobby Lobby because it teases me with all this stuff that I would love to buy but can't because my wallet is far smaller than my crafting wants list.
So there's that.

First let me say that the 2 stars are for the customer service that you receive here!
The store has an awesome selection of crafting goodies, and home decor.
You will feel like a kid in a candy store!
Unfortunately it felt like every employee hated their job, and you were bothering them.
I asked 2 different employees a question about an item, and they nearly bit my head off!
Ouch, sorry I thought that was your job.
The third employee was my bitter cashier.
I actually told her that I was sorry that she hated her job so much before I left.
I drove nearly 30 minutes across town, and not sure that I will make that trip again.

Always happy with my experience here.
I find inspiration & new materials to use in my art.
I've purchased everything from fabric dye, fabric, shadow boxes, holiday/ home/ party decor, paint & scrapbook supplies....and that probably doesn't cover it all.
It kind of is a one stop shop in some ways, with good deals.
Check out the online coupons.
They're very good about these.
The staff have always been so smiley and friendly, mostly at the checkout counters & photo framing, less so in the store area.
I think the prices are very fair all around- doesn't seem that they are ripping people off at all.
Shows good values, ya know?
Glad we have one on this side of town, yay!

Totally love this place.
Very good deals!
Depending on the week they have 50% off on house décor items.
Wish they were open on Sundays but I understand they give their employees off that day for family time.

Hobby lobby is my favorite craft store!!
I could spend hours here... And empty out my wallet.
They have everything you need for any DIY project.
Their home decor stuff is amazing too.
Most of the stuff in the store is always on sale (picture frames, fake flowers, etc - always 50% off).
And you could also go on their website for a 40% off coupon on any single item.
Awesome deal.
The only reason I didn't give hobby lobby 5 stars is because I can't stand some of the staff there.
I feel like they are ALWAYS stocking the shelves.
That's great but they're always in the way.
Even when I make it obvious that their carts are in the way when I am trying to find something, they don't ever care to move.
I've said excuse me, nicely, many times and they seem annoyed that they have to move their carts just a little.
Huge turn off and super unprofessional.
I get that they are doing their job but seriously?

I love this store, I shop there all the time...
They have great stuff .....BUT ....
The customer service sucks, there are a few employees that don't mind helping you but then there are some that hate being there..
I've been waiting in line to pay along with a bunch of other people and the mrg Karen is walking around with her thumb up her a$$ and won't open more registers..
The wait time is terrible !!
Jeez

