This place is awesome!
Great happy hour deals, yummy food and drinks!
Cool atmosphere and music.
The staff is wonderful!
That Bob G. guy is just a jerk.

If you're looking for some Vietnamese cuisine near Chandler Blvd & Rural Rd, take your first immediately available u-turn and head to Pho Dalat.
My review is based on Sage being a restaurant  Sage had so much potential.
Its located near Cafe Krishna on the southeast corner of Rural and Chandler.
A perfect location to get the Intel crowd for lunch.
Sage is housed in what used to be a few failed bars, but it has been completely remodeled.
There are garage doors ala Postino style that open out to the front.
The patio has been expanded with more contemporary furniture, but my compliments stop there.
Walking in, there's a dart machine, golden tee, and jukebox to the right.
In the middle of the restaurant is a pool table.
There's large rectangular hightops and a few low tops.
A weird mix?
Wait until you look over and see a couch meant for a patio that is cream colored with brown stripes.
The large built in seating on the side is in red.
The floor is a dark exposed concrete.
The walls are this odd green/blue tinge that reminded me of avatar skin.
We also were listening to some country music, which turned to hip hop, which turned to some top 40.
To start off, we ordered tea.
Why is this important?
They ran out of tea.
We ordered the pork spring rolls.
They were nice size, but the peanut sauce came in a plastic cup.
The pork was super dry, and I had to lace a lot of sauce on it.
The spring rolls were lacking something crisp.
It could've used more mint.
We got the Sage House Special and Rare Steak Pho.
The broth was a murky brown that was too sweet with a very salty undertone.
I think the chef added too much salt so tried to balance with sugar.
Then added too much sugar and added more salt.
Rinse and repeat.
The meat was very well done and chewy.
The rice noodles were undercooked.
The worse part was after we were done.
I stared at the middle of the table, and I didn't say anything for a few minutes,  I was trying to decide if I had to throw up or not.
The only redeeming quality of the place was the staff.
They were attentive and friendly.
Sage has the location... and it might be a great bar ... but when it comes to food, I could put something better together with a package of instant pho and some beef.
Drop the Vietnamese Cuisine off the name and add on Asian Fusion, and we'll all forgive the food.

Checked out Sage and was really impressed.
Former owner of All-starz is back and has completely changed this bar.
The decor is awesome; love the concrete countertops.
Garage doors open to the north and allow in a perfect breeze.
Jukebox - the option of selecting your own music is always great.
I heard they might bring in kareoke soon.
Drinks - very reasonably priced.
Martini selections were impressive.
I tried the cherry lime martini and was blown away!
Food - we tried the chicken wings with sauce on the side.
I can't remember the name of the sauce because it was unique but I'd rank it top 3 in best wings I've ever tried.
Service - EXCELLENT!
The co-owner (really cute woman) stopped by to introduce herself to us and even bought us a round.
Bar staff was attentive, has personality, and make great martinis.
Patio - perfect setting for just chillin and chattin.
Overall, it was a great place for having been open only 4 days.
It's only going to get better.

If u want pho there are better one out there for that price.
If u want pho there are better one out there for that price.
I had the special, the beef and the beef ball taste a little funny.
Maybe the happy hours are great like some of the other reviewers said but if you want pho I have to say go elsewhere.

I went here with a g/f for lunch.
It was good food but the service was VERY slow despite being almost empty.
They were friendly but SLOW.
I hope that this place survives but their service will have to improve.

Awesome new place!
Great food, great drinks.
Try the everyday happy hour specials for $5 from 4-7pm.
This is my new neighborhood bar.
It's not all authentic Vietnamese Cuisine, but certainly inspired by.
Beers on tap and in bottles, and a pretty good hard lemonade based cocktail that hits the spot in the hot summer.
Used to be All Stars sports bar but they've remodeled and built a patio, which is pretty awesome.
Looks like the whole storefront rolls up like a garage door for the cooler months, which could prove interesting, kind of like Ra in Ahwatukee, integrating the patio tables with the rest of the restaurant.

Loving our new local haunt!
There are so many choices for places to eat/drink in Phoenix, especially in Chandler, but this one hits close to home - in more ways than one.
Love that it's w/in walking distance, and LOVE Pho!
Plus, the owners and staff are great, and nice touch with the outdoor patio/seating.
See you at happy hour!

Great place for folks who enjoy Vietnamese cuisine and also their friends that just partake of American food.
The staff is fun and the remodel was tastfully executed.
So if you are out for some drinks and Pho you are in for a treat.
The sliders, dumplings and eggrolls are great for the not-so-adventurous eaters in your party.
At night this is an upscale bar with nice decor.
I love having it as a walkable option for me.
Its the nicest place for happy hour food and drinks in the area.
Come and check it out!

I give 1 star to the super nice waiter.
Other than that, let me tell you why it doesn't get any stars from me.
I know you may be thinking I'm biased because I'm Vietnamese and can get home-cooked pho.
However, I do eat at other Vietnamese restaurants too and this was the first time I've ever come across the worst tasting pho of my life.
What I ate: beef spring roll (goi cuon) and the meatball pho (pho bo vien).
The food is pricey compared to most restaurants.
$7-$9 for a bowl of pho.
You can find much, much better pho for $5-$6 a bowl.
The spring roll: the beef was dry and was more like steak meat cut up and put into it.
Usually, you find spring rolls with shrimp and/or pork.
The pho: when it came out, I tasted just a bit of the broth because that's the most important part of pho.
It was sweet!
I've never in my life had pho that was pre-sweetened.
It baffled me that they would even bother bringing out the hoisin sauce.
That's what the hoisin sauce is for: to provide some sweetness to the soup's broth.
It was like drinking sugar water.
I had to ask for some fish sauce to try and balance the sweetness.
They brought me a little sauce bowl for it and I dumped the whole thing into the soup - it didn't help.
If anyone's tried fish sauce, they understand how salty it is.
I could only eat the meatballs.
I couldn't stomach the rest.
I'm shocked at how upset I am by how poor the food tasted.
I'm offended that people will come into this restaurant thinking that this is representative of Vietnamese food.
I'd rather go to Unphogettable, Da Vang, or Phu Thanh any day.
Please save your money, taste buds, and stomach - don't go here!

Pan Asian.
Vietnamese with American burgers for good measure.
Bring your friends for lunch.
It is a bar atmosphere with great food.
Especially on a hot day.
Cool spring rolls

I've eaten a lot of spicy dishes and for the most part can handle just about any level of heat but the food was so spicy here that it wasn't even eatable.
I guess some may like this but it definitely detracted from my experience.
I might give it another shot and will try to update.

I was here for lunch on a week day.
The service was great and I love the concrete bar.
I have to say that the whole concept of a sports bar / vietamese / modern restaurant seems strange but it works.
My noodle bowl was OK, but living in the Torrance area I can get much better and less expensive Vietnamese food on nearly every corner.

We live right around the corner from the place and watched it go through several transformations.
When we saw that it became a Vietnamese place we decided we wanted to try it out.
I also got a Groupon for it so we went there for dinner on Saturday night.
Well, there was no one there on Saturday night, that should've been a clue.
The place looks like it's completely confused and doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up.
The indoors looks like a sports bar with the exception of the booths and low chairs that look like they were purchased at a Scottsdale club's out-of-business sale.
The outside has this patio furniture out of a bad porno movie which looks completely out of place as well.
So the bar/restaurant/wannabe club doesn't make a good impression right off the bat.
The waitress was very sweet, no complaints there.
We ordered spring rolls for appetizers, a couple of beers and entrees.
Got our spring rolls that were mediocre and not well wrapped so they were falling apart.
Now there were 4 rolls on the plate, we ate the first two and as I was reaching out to take another one I saw this BIG THICK BLACK HAIR under the rice paper!!!!
At that point the first spring roll I ate decided that it really wanted to come back out again.
That was disgusting!
I took the whole plate back and showed the waitress and another woman there who might be the manager there, not sure.
They were pretty embarrassed and the older woman came outside to our table, apologized and said they would take it off the bill.
(what else should you expect, right?
)  We did stay for the entrees although I looked through everything in my bowl a hundred times to make sure there were no other surprises.
The entrees were meh.
My husband's was spicy but with no flavor, mine was not spicy with no flavor.
That pretty much sums it up.
Will not go back.

I came here for happy hour with some people from Intel and just had water so I cannot vouch for the food or alcoholic drinks.
However, in the 2 hours that I sat there sipping on my water, I observed some things.
I was confused about what kind of vibe this place was going for.
The genre of music would change from one song to the next.
One song would be country, then pop and then hip hop.
The menu included Vietnamese and American food.
There are flat screen TVs everywhere broadcasting sports games.
The waitresses were dressed in normal attire and hard to identify.
I wasn't too impressed on the atmosphere alone but who knows, maybe the food is outstanding!
I'll never know.

After reading a few reviews on yelp I lowered my expectations I decided to go to sage.
Knowing that it was a bar not a restaurant I went in with an open mind.
We started off by ordering an appetizer Vietnamese crepe.
Unfortunately our appetizer did not arrive until a good 10 minutes after our entrée.
Normally this would've been a bad thing but in this case it was fine as the crepe was so inedible neither of us could eat it.
We both ordered the vermicelli bowl but it lacked some key ingredients such as peanuts Mint and cilantro.
Which made it more like rice noodles and chicken with salad underneath it.
The chicken was good juicy and flavorful and that's the best I can say about this visit.
Note to non-smokers if you don't want to smell like an ashtray don't come here there is ample smoking outside and since there are no doors permeates the entire building.
Sadly I can't even say the wait staff was very good :-( At least the waitress we had, she never checked on us once, and I had to get up and get my own condiments.
She could've told us that the crêpe was going to be so long to come out

In an effort to start on a positive note, I will say that this place has a nice atmosphere.
It's a very open space and I could see myself enjoying a beer on the patio during happy hour...if only the happy hour prices were desirable enough to prompt a return visit.
This is not a place you want to visit with intent to enjoy Vietnamese food as it is overpriced and for lack of better words...gross.
The roll we ordered for an appetizer was okay, but the serving size was shameful considering the price, and the peanut sauce I requested on the side was very watery.
Pho was the man dish, and it wasn't any better.
In fact, it was worse.
And with fake meat and funky flavor, it was left unfinished.
It makes me sad to think that someone may have their first Vietnamese dining experience here and potentially never eat it again as a result.
I hope the owners consider sprucing up their recipes, or if nothing else dropping the 2nd half of their name, so that patrons visiting with the intent to dine on Vietnamese Cuisine won't be left disappointed.

Very strange place.
Wants to be a sports bar, but serves Vietnamese food.
Food is of below average quality, and definitely overpriced.
Green been appetizer six dollars for a small handful of over cooked beens.
Had some happy hour specials which were neither happy nor special.
Spring rolls lacked flavor, tofu...meh.
Except for the beer nothing worth ordering.
Nice bar scene.
Probably fun place to watch a game and hang with some drinks.
Should have spent the Groupon on alcohol instead of food.
If you want to drink there, eat before you go.
Wish I could give it 1/2 a star.

Doesn't disappoint, again!!
Had the Ph...love it!!
Hubby had the chicken stir-fry rice plate - first time, and he LOVE that, too!!
We also go there on Sunday's and partake in their Bloody Mary bar.
How could you not love that.
Now it's your turn...get your butts in here!!!

The food here was pretty good.
I had the wings and the Pho.
In my opinion, the prices were average.
They had pretty good happy hour prices for beer, and they had a decent selection on draft.
The waitresses and bartenders were very friendly, and the service was pretty quick.
It is more of a bar vibe than a Vietnamese restaurant, which I think is pretty cool.
They have a large outdoor patio seating area as well.

I searched for Vietnamese cuisine and this place popped up.
This really isn't a restaurant and more of a happy hour / bar destination.
Very confusing.
The house pho was tasty, however next time I'm going next store to Thai Basil (same plaza!

Had a Groupon.
Wasn't worth half off.
Service was great but food was just OK.  Maybe a good place for drinks and snacks but not dinner.

Don't go here.
Terrible customer service.
Waiters are not friendly.
Food is terrible.
It is literally frozen food heated up and served.
And it's expensive!
Would not recommend.
I definitely will not be returning.

Terrible customer service, awful food, nice patio, never to return.
The patio area is nice, albeit in a parking lot, but nice atmosphere.
The bar itself is very cool with pool tables and a shuffle board in the back.
The waiter was awful, made us feel like we were wasting his time and dragging him away from something more important.
Took us three orders to get our drinks on the table.
We ordered water at least 6 times, eventually another waitress took pity on us and brought us a tray full.
We ordered an appetizer sampler, terrible.
All frozen and deep fried.
Never saw a napkin or cutlery.
Asked for it, was ignored.
Waiter got upset when we left him little/no tip (since it took us a while to get the bill we were anxious to leave by the time it arrived, we wanted to get to someplace to eat!).
He threw one of our waters into the parking lot (we were a few feet away) and shouted!
If they can fix the food and the service it might be a nice place.
I wont be wasting my time returning to find out.
I would guess this place will be renamed and under new management within 12 months.

Great local spot around Chandler.
Food has always been fantastic and my ice cold glass of Kiltlifter ever full.
The owners are great people to chill and converse with or just come in and play some pool.
This place has a great atmosphere and surprisingly a delicious bowl of Pho.
Highly recommended.
ps: not sure which place to review so Ill do both.

Have only been here twice but good place to grab a drink and the pho and Vietnamese rolls were pretty tasty, although I would say this is a bonus to being in the bar - not the reason to go here.
Pizza is just there but frankly I didn't go for pizza either.
Owner is very friendly and works hard for her business!
But as others note - this is first and foremost a bar.

This is the worst place ever!!
Our friends band was booked to play and then after they were set up were told they were double booked and another band would play first.
After two and a half hours they were told they were not going to be allowed to play!!
( meanwhile the band on stage is using their power source) additionally the food was poor and the drinks were mixed sourly with poor and stagnant service!!
At the end of the evening the manager stated that she did not know what was going on and refused to comp anything for anyone that came to see the original band!!
Horrible horrible place!!
Do not go here!
Overpriced and not worth the time.
Not to mention there is nothing that even remotely ties it to a Vietnamese place aside from 1bowl of soup.

Went to see a friends band play there Saturday night 9/7/13.
After they were all set up and ready to play the owner (Anne) tells them they double booked and would have to wait and let the other band play first because they were a younger band and they needed to be out at a certain time.
After waiting for 2 1/2 hrs the owner tells the original band they will not be able to play since the other band is still gonna play more.
After spending over $50 on food and drinks I asked to speak to the manager which then tells me she is to busy to talk.
Once I mention wanting part of my bill reduced since I was only there to hear the band I went there for she became very aggresive telling me she was gonna call the police if I refused to pay.
On another note there was no one checking ID's at the door or while in the bar.
The other band had several of people there to see them that had to have been underage and was being served alcohol.
Even heard one of them say glad they didn't check my ID.
Worst experience ever.
Have never been treated like that in any establishment.
Will never donate another penny there.

This place is simply....disappointing.
As I sat down, this place has absolutely no "Vietnamese" or "Asian" attributes.
It is simply an American sports bar.
Nevertheless, I ordered the Stir Fry.
Apparently, they forgot how to add other sauces other than the chilli peppers.
It was so hot that there were not other flavors.
It is gross.
I am still recovering from this...
If you want a sport bar, this is a good place but anything else is a joke.
Avoid...

I got there a little later to join my friends.
I probably stayed there for about 2hrs till we left.
I was never asked if I wanted something,  but she did ask the people around me.
I was OK because I ate before getting there and was not planning on drinking..
This was the first for me.
The best part of sage was being with my friends.

If you wonder why your restaurant won't last,  it's because of the crappy service,  lack of vodka choices,  and false advertising.
We waited at the bar for 10 mins for a drink and kept getting looked past while the bartenders served at least 8 other people.
Your Facebook page says you have reverse happy hour from 10-2 with $5 food options.
AND you have a late night menu from 9-close, yet your kitchen is closed????
We had a large group of people with us that all spend money.
This will be our one and only visit here.

I wanted to go 3.7 but there isn't that option.
In our new spirit of trying new places Jen and I while out and about on the motorcycle stopped on for some sustenance.
Definitely your home town bar atmosphere.
They have a nice patio area and simple indoor decor.
Pool table, giant sized Jenga blocks, and bean bag toss in the back.
We ordered wings and poppers for apps.
Wings were good with your basic traditional sauce and the poppers were, well, poppers.
I ordered the Sage Burger which is a bacon cheeseburger topped with onion rings and sautéed onions.
It was cooked just right.
Jen had Pork Spring Rolls which untasted and thought they were OK.
Since I'm not an avid indulger of them I will add that Jen liked them and said they added a hint if mint which went really well with the peanut sauce.
The menu is kind of funny.
You can get a pizza, a burger, a large bowl of Pho soup, stir fry, chips and salsa, or chicken tenders.
Gordon Ramsey would have a fit since they don't really have a set theme here but in the Sage's defense I think their theme is whatever were a bar.
It's decent bar food with a twist so it was king of cool in a funny ironic sort of way.
Service was good and I left full and ready for a nap so it must have been alright.
I wasn't blow away so I refrained from 4 stars but it was a nice change of pace, and hey, at least we got served this time, AKA: we hate Tukee's.

As many others have noted there is nothing Vietnamese about this place, but as far as sports bars go it's pretty good.
Never too crowded, good atmosphere, and decent food.

