On April 10th, 2012, the Nellis Sports & Fitness center closed.
Long gone are the cramped, outdated conditions of the yesteryear gym.
Now available is the super-gym, complete with three indoor basketball courts, an indoor pool, indoor and outdoor running tracks, huge cardio and weightlifting rooms, massage parlor, and cafe.
This gym is full of open space and light, which gives off good vibes and invigorates a sense of eagerness to workout.
So don't delay, get your fitness on today!

get big or go home!!!!!
love this gym!!!

Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.
This is the best gym on base.
Wait, it's the only gym on base.
In any case, the facility is clean and awesome.
Locker rooms are great, with more of a nicer "country club-ish" feel than "hood gym.
"  Why go off base and waste your money?
You're not going to find a better gym, and definitely not at a reasonable price.

This gym is  the most incredible base gym I've been to!
I really love this facility!
So much that I cancelled my gym membership and now I just head over here after work.
Even when it's super crowded in the parking lot, there are no lines, there are plenty of machines open.
I haven't had a chance to hit up any of the classes, but I'd like to!

I think I run about 20% faster when working out here because the place is so motivating.
Honestly, this is the nicest gym I've ever been to, and it's FREE.
8-lane indoor pool, 3 indoor basketball courts, indoor running track, full-size outdoor track and football/whatever field, lots of cardio machines, racquetball courts, a crossfit area, TRX apparatus, and most importantly, a HUGE area for weights.
A bonus for moms: they have a 'family workout' area which includes a handful of treadmills, elliptical machines, bikes, and a small selection of dumbbells.
The workout equipment overlooks a kids play area with lots of toys and balls, so you can bring the little ones with you to the gym.
The entire weight room is open to a 2-story window, looking out on the football field/track (and hopefully some attractive landscaping when everything's finished).
The locker rooms are beautiful, and there is a little cafe/juice bar available until 6 I think.

My jaw literally dropped the moment I stepped foot on this fitness center.
Sure, it looked great from the outside but the interior layout was truly impressive.
I've been to numerous military fitness centers in my short career, and this place blows them all away.
Brand-spankin' new with a great indoor pool, indoor track, swanky spin room, amazing weight room, a cardio room with state of the art equipment, a separate family cardio room w/ 2 play areas for the kiddos, a cafe that serves delicious wraps...
I could go on forever!
This is not your average AF gym for sure!
The best thing about Warrior Fitness Center is they offer several classes (pilates, yoga, spin class, etc.
) ALL FOR FREE!
Even Travis AFB and Randolph AFB charge fees for some group classes so this is huge!
I am definitely in love!!

This is probably the best gym I have been to compared to other military fitness centers that I go to.
It has an indoor pool, track, b-ball court, and much more from the pics provided.
It is so clean and umm..freakin huge (for me at least lol).
I have never been to a gym with two floors so it's pretty mind blowing for me.
I started going here in summer  of '12 and pretty much ran the track, used the treadmills, and the weights etc...
The women's locker room is spacious and clean.
I used the showers a few times and it is clean as well.
I have not used the sauna yet but still need to try it out.
I look forward to using this fitness center every time I visit.
It has been a great experience and I love coming back here whenever I get the chance..(since my dad is stationed here and I go to school in Cali!
) :)

I have been a fitness enthusiasts for quite a few years now and this is by far the best gym I have ever been to.
I am so thankful to be stationed at Nellis simply for this facility!
I love everything about this place from the locker room, to the crossfit area.
This gym has it all; 1/8 mile indoor track, 3 basketball courts, tons of cardio equipment, free weights, weight machines, benches galore... EVERYTHING!
I am there daily and that will not be changing anytime soon.

OMG.OMG.OMG.
I don't even like to work out but this gym is so inviting you're practically tricked into it.
At first I thought I didn't like the big open concept because there wasn't really any privacy but I don't find it bothersome at all.
It seems like there is way more people using this gym on a consistent basis than before at the old gym.
There are definitely gym rats who are motivated by the attention the open concept provides.
I get my mind ready for my workout by walking a couple of laps on the indoor track.
Once I've changed my mind then I head over to the cardio room where I alternate between various cardio equipment.
The versaclimber is my  favorite.
A good chunk of the machines have TVs on them and you don't even notice how much energy you're expending.
There is also a studio next to the cardio room where they offer various exercise classes for FREE!
Yes that's right.
I was paying $3 per class at Eglin.
On the other side of the cardio room there is a spin room.
You'll never see me in there so I'll refrain from commenting besides saying they have a lot of bikes in there.
Downstairs is where the indoor pool is, the locker rooms, massage office, basketball court, open weight room (which is huge!
) and racquetball room.
I haven't used the weight room yet but am going today.
They do equipment orientation at 9a and 1p on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Oh, I failed to mention the workout area for parents.
There is a room with various equipment while your children are in a safe play area within your view.
Also the cafe/juice bar.
Looks like the prices are reasonable.
I'll have to pick something up to attest to the quality.

This place is effin huge but always busy.
I love that there are a multitude of exercises to do out here.
There is your typical gym equipment: ellipticals, treadmills, rowing machines, free weights, and weights on machines.
However, this gym boasts some uniqueness in it's class offerings, indoor track, and other non-traditional exercise machines.
If you get a chance, take a Zumba class, offered every Tues and Thurs at 6:15pm or Wed at 6:30pm.
Severely fun and you'll definitely break a sweat.
I also love how the indoor track is right above the basketball court.
8 laps= 1 mile, and make sure you follow the direction of the track indicated for that day.
There are also 2 huge star-looking objects in the center of the gym which serve as muscle stretchers, which I thought is pretty cool and effective.
I also like how there are monkey bars and all this crossfit-esque equipment in the center.
My only wish is that they were 24/7; this would relieve some of the busy-ness of the gym, I think.

I can't believe we didn't know this was here!
We passed it every time we go to the base!
We walked in there, they have the indoor track, lots of treadmills, stair steppers, this mountain climber thing!
They have an area for family's....What, with a play area for the kids!
Are you kidding me right now!
This place is amazing!
I wish I didn't live so far, I would drop my LVAC membership!

looks like a great gym, just be aware kids 3 and under cannot use the pool!

The Warrior Fitness Center on Nellis AFB is an incredible venue.
Two stories, it boasts basketball courts, three-lane Olympic swimming pool, and a massive weight room downstairs; as well as a quarter-mile cushioned track, cardio machines, and group exercise room upstairs.
There's also a small smoothie bar that serves an incredible lox, bagel and cream cheese sandwich.
If you're eligible to use the base, then this gym is for you.

This has got to be one of the best gyms on a military base....ever!
If you've ever paid $$ for off base gyms and been to a Lifetime fitness, this gym is on par with everything minus a salon area.
They have an indoor track, out door track, multiple courts, cardio area with multiple machines, weight area (machines and free weights), classes,  indoor pool, nice lockers, and a decent cafe.
There is a family workout room where munchkins are corralled and moms/dads can workout and watch their children.
There are also 2 massage therapist with their own room near the lockers, I'll have to check that out on another visit :)  It is an air force gym so no towel service :(

This is seriously the nicest gym I've ever been to.
They have a ton of classes available all hours of the day.
I did WTF with Missy for a few months she's a great instructor but she's leaving this week unfortunately.
I love everything about this gym I just wished they had full sized towels or small towels for people to use.

I've been at Nellis for 6 years and I've been in the military for 10 years and this is by far the best military gym I've ever been to.
Besides military gyms I've only been to a couple golds gyms and they don't compare either.
-Big open floor for free weights and machines -big crossfit area -3 racquet ball courts.
-3 full size bball courts -cardio/weight room with children center -snack/shake bar -massage room -big locker rooms -clean showers -sauna -full size pool -upstairs cardio floor -upstairs indoor running track (1/8 I think) -upstairs cycling room -upstairs aerobic room -beautiful outdoor .25 track  -soccer field  The only downfall are the fitness classes.
They're limited and lacks variety but I'm ok with that.
Nellis people are spoiled!

