Bought on a Groupon for my husband without checking ratings first.
It has only partially working after 4 visit, to rid the hair.
They begin the treatment on a lower level and then work their way up.
They don't use any gel (Cheap) and it hurts like hell and do not provide any cream afterwards.
And there are spotty hair patches that look like corn rows!
When we confronted the black haired woman, who likes to listen to country music, she got all defensive.
Face it chica, you did a craaapppy aaaasss job!
Better off with another place, check AZ spa Girls for reviews and deals, Spa 810 rocks!
Case in Point: Groupon has hit all time lows, Living Social is junk too.

I am sad to have to write this review, since I love finding great businesses and deals to share with friends/family/etc.
Unfortunately, I will NOT be recommending Simplicity Laser to anyone.
In fact, I will be warning people NOT to waste their time and/or money there.
I purchased a Groupon about a year ago for laser hair removal treatments.
I have done laser hair removal before at Advanced Laser Clinics and got awesome results.
I have several friends and family members who have also had laser hair removal done at ALC as well as other places.
All of them have had great results as well.
So, I am no stranger to laser hair removal and how it works.
So, my groupon was for 8 treatments, with 4-6 weeks between each treatment.
I spent the last year of my life driving 40 minutes to and from Simplicity Laser (in Glendale) every 4-6 weeks.
I have been finished with my treatments now for about a month.
I literally can't tell any difference in the amount of hair I have in the treated area.
I will generously say that i have had MAYBE 10-20% reduction.
This is absolutely NOT typical and unacceptable.
I mentioned my concerns several times during my appointments and was blown off each time.
I called to speak to a manager and was told that I should make a "client review" appointment to discuss my results and a possible resolution.
I had my "client review" today and was basically blown off again, and told that they weren't going to do anything to help me unless I purchased more treatments.
Basically, this company gets you in the door with, what seems like, a good deal...and then treats you at a low level on the machine...all the while trying to sell you more treatments.
A good company will treat you aggressively with the machines, so that you see results.
And then you'll come back to them because they work.
I am very disappointed in this company and their business ethic, customer service, etc.

