This is an easily found restaurant particularly if you intend to visit the Edinburgh Zoo or stay in the large Holiday Inn Hotel which are both almost directly opposite.
The building was known as an hotel in the past but the exterior and interior have under gone a massive refit which means you sit in comfort with well laid out tables and AC for keeping you cool or hot etc.
I tried to lunch menu which is set with the option to buy either all 3 courses or just one.
The evening main menu is even better with nothing too much bother to change to your taste by the host Ms Tracy Chu.
I know a lot of groups or parties are held here and the service never seems to suffer as a result.
You can inform the restaurant of what party members wish to have included in their meal and any special diet taken care of.
Parking is OK after 6.30 pm and most times during the day except for bus lanes in rush hours.
If you go at weekends or bank holidays its best to book or call in early as it gets very busy.
Well yes its my local and a very appreciated with all the changes and excellent food.
I might just give it 5 stars after my next visit !

Friendly, nice staff, that are quick to help and great Chinese at an affordable price.
I live close by and I regularly go here as its very good food.
It gets a 5 star in my book.

Why I took so long to cross the road from the hotel to this little gem is beyond me.
The service and decor are excellent and the food is simply superb.
They have real chopsticks too!
Highly recommended.

after checking into the holiday inn across the street hunger struck knowing typical hotel food is usually nice but over priced we turned to the good folks of Edinburgh's yelp community for a destination.
as you can tell from the previous reviews this restaurant is excellent.
The meal was served up in super quick time and is by far and away the best chinese Ive had in a long time.
Fresh ingredients are evident in all the meals and the taste easily reflects this.
A meal for two was very reasonable priced at roughly £30.
If you are visiting the Zoo or staying in the hotel this is definately the place to eat.

What is it, a lime flavored beverage?
A Japanese pop-rock band?
A shade of wall paint by Glidden?
No, Cool Jade is a Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh, the last restaurant I would review during my vacation, and the best Chinese restaurant I've ever visited there or anywhere.
The range of choices, the quality of delivered dishes and the overall décor cannot be praised enough.
In less than two hours we enjoyed a range of Asian dishes I'd never seen in the many Westernized Chinese restaurants I've visited in my home town (and I've been to them all).
Unfortunately, without an online menu or even a website, it's difficult for me to detail the specific dishes ordered at Cool Jade, so I'll have to go on memory and photos.
The décor is classy, presented as a top-notch bistro rather than a brunch-buffet location where casual eaters shovel chow mein and chop suey via forks and ladle-sized spoons into their distended stomachs...  ...yeah, I admit having a tendency to offend those that support and promote westernized Chinese restaurants because I've been to China and tasted authenticity first hand.
I get asked often to recommend Chinese buffets, but for me it's like requesting a favored Arby's location--they are all the same and the quality can be graded on the same scale as your next bowel movement, which in this case arrives fast and definitely furious.
Cool Jade is exactly what I have been wishing for since my trip to China so many years ago (so many--okay, it was six).
The initial plate was a collection of appetizers including crispy seaweed, sesame cakes, spare ribs, egg rolls, and deep fried dumplings, all resting on a warming plate.
After that we were served up shredded duck with pancakes, spicy beef, and noodles.
There was no real entrée for each sitter, just a collection of plates the both of us shared from, as it should be and how it actually is in many cultures across the world.
The meal was fun and satisfying but it was the more authentic touches I appreciated like the plastic-wrapped towelette or the fact that the chopsticks were plastic.
I hate plastic chopsticks but it's one thing I clearly remembered from China.
Wooden sticks are a luxury of the west given our amount of timber.
Or how about the carrot carved into the shape of a pagoda temple or the other one in the shape of a flower.
Yeah, a pagoda temple, that level of detail.
This attention is not often seen in Westernized Chinese.
I had been teased about Cool Jade for weeks--about how good it was, superior to other restaurants like it.
Having experience in this field I know why, because they don't compromise.
They don't pander to the tasteless, cultureless masses.
Westernized Chinese food is for people without culinary curiosity--who think that eating Chinese is them upsetting the normal order of hamburgers, steaks, and potato chips, the staple daily diet.
Cool Jade is not selling to those people.
This is for people who when they leave their homes and eat out, they want something special, an event worth remembering.
It's what I want.
It's what I got: a fantastic experience on my last day in Edinburgh.
Of course, the meal still had to end with fortune cookies.
Some things never change.
Did I mention there was a carrot carved into the shape of a pagoda?
DECOR:  9 PLATING: 10 SERVICE:  8 FOOD:  9 VALUE:  9  OVERALL:  9 out of 10

Having spotted this on a bus into town from the Edinburgh Capital Hotel the previous day I thought I must give it a go.
After a day at the zoo you work up quite an appetite, it's hilly!
We headed over the road to dine.
As Chinese is a favourite of ours we were looking forward to this meal, after all the previous reviews are singing its praises.
We walked in to a lovely ambience of gentle background music and were shown a nice table in the windows.
The staff were really friendly and polite.
We ordered Peking Ribs, Lemon Chicken, Fillet Steak Cantonese Style, Chinese Greens and Young Chow Fried Rice.
This was easily enough food for 2 hungry people.
The quality of the food was excellent and great flavours, possibly the best Lemon Chicken I've ever tasted, and there's a long list to rate against!
This was washed down with a few lovely Tsing Tao beers.
If I'm ever in the area again I'll be returning here!

