Los Burritos...
Simply delicious.
A hidden gem to say the least!
I walked into the small restaurant with colorful window art of Mexican food.
I was greeted and served by a wonderful staff.
I ordered a burrito expecting the usual taste of a burrito, however when I began to eat I was hit with a wave of childhood memories and flavors.
Los Burritos is TRUE Mexican food made with authenticity and care.
The meat is carefully prepared to an unbelievable quality and the recipes used are the same ones that would be used for a family dinner.
I highly recommend Los Burritos.

Found this place really close to home thanks to yelp.
I've been looking for a.New favorite burrito joint - and this is it.
Awesome steak burrito - make sure you get the salsa.
It's homemade!
Family owned and very friendly.

Heavenly Mexican food that delivers to my house.
Super legit.
Don't feel like being funny or witty right now, this is pure information delivery so that you can eat here tomorrow.

Tiny little place and not the fanciest.
most would prob be quick to judge but don't let the place scare you because they have really good food!!!!!!
Very fresh!
The salsa is amazing too!!!!
And the place is a small family owned business!
I'm all about supporting that!!!

Satisfied!
I found my lil piece of mexican food heaven and it's delivered to my door.
Best carne asada torta I've had in the states.
Seriously the bread was the best.
Seems most tortas I've had in AZ are stuffed to the max and fall apart...not here.
For dessert I had mango with chili n limon YUM.

Addicted!!!

Deliciousness delivered right to my door!
I had a carne asada taco and a shredded chicken vampiro w/ a side of Mexican corn (you know, the corn on the cob slathered in cotija cheese).
It was all fabulous, incredibly seasoned and delicious, plus the delivery driver was sweet as pie.
This is the real deal.

Great Mexican food, cheap, fast and free delivery.
Never had a bad experience.

LOVE THIS PLACE!
The owner is always behind the counter cooking my food fresh ready to order.
And they deliver for free no delivery charge!
Even though I tip anyways.
And once again the owner delivers my food somtimes in a hair net haha.The food is the best most authenic quick mexican food I've had in this area and I haven't found anything that compares.
I'm from Chicago and i personally feel the Mexican food is awful out here.. maybe its the desert or cheap products.
Anyways the fresh gauc and salsa mmmmyum but some reason they don't make their chips or even have good corn chips.
That is the only reason I took it down to 4 star.
They look like fritos!
I hate those, I just use different chips from the mexican market I buy at home to eat the delicious salsa.
Ill recommend they should at least have better chips.
Also the interior has little atmosphere,  but with a little work they could decorate.
The walls are white , some pictures up of family, you can see through the kitchen and hear everything.
Not the best place to eat at but I enjoy there company and good food so atmosphere is not a priority when I visit.
I've eatn the tacos all the meats offered are great..the carne asada is the best, but my go to is the chicken grilled burrito...so good.
My boyfriend LOVES the chili relleno burrito, gets it almost everytime.all in all one of my favorites and I'm having it for lunch now ;)

Great customer service, is the first thing I have to say!
My wife and Are visiting from Washington.
we had the carne asada tacos and burrito.
The ingredients are fresh, meat isn't chewy.
The only downside is that the rice served with the taco plate was a bit more moist then I would prefer.
A diamond in the rough.
I would and will visit this location again.

Originally from Cali and now living on the East Coast, I crave delicious Mexican food.
I eagerly await my annual trip out West!
I was passing through Phoenix and read about this place.
Well, Los Burritos did not disappoint!
I ordered a carne asada burrito and a flan and my dad had huevos rancheros.
First off, Fernando, the owner came out to welcome us.
Him and his son run the place.
He cooks everything fresh and right then, so he is able to easily add or change up your order to your liking.
The food is simply delicious.
The seasoning on the carne was perfect and the meat was tender.
The flan was so good my dad had to get one for himself.
The huevos rancheros were fantastic too with a flavorful sauce.
Fernando came over to chat with us and you really get the sense that he is passionate about making you feel welcome and providing you a flavorful and delicious meal.
The atmosphere could certainly use a little updating touch, but please don't let that stop you from eating here.
It is the true "hole in the wall" find.
The one you tell all your friends about if they want some delic Mexican grub.
I can't wait to return next year!
Do your tummy a favor and go support this family run spot...

The real deal, for sure.
Super friendly family.
If you are from out of town like me, buy more than you can eat, so you can taste more things.
Don't pass up the unique and super tasty chili rellenos.
Nothing here disappoints.

Came for business from DC and was looking for great Mexican food.
We were welcomed by the owner and his two sons.
The place is unpretentious but those can be the hidden gems.
This sure was!!
Extremely friendly family and the food was made to order.
Started with carne asada nachos and it was spectacular.
Then ate chorizo con papas burrito and the chorizo was delicious!!
Not greasy and very tasty.
Great food, nice owner.
What else can you ask for.
Definitely recommend and I will come back next time I'm in Phoenix.

Dear everyone in Arcadia lite:  There's an unfortunate shortage of food delivery in our neck of the woods.
For all those times you're too tired to hop in the car, or sincerely just too hammered to leave the friendly confines of your living room; the food gods created Los burritos.
Food: 5 stars.
You can taste the authenticity in their regular salsa.
Wasn't made for gringo's.
Atmosphere: my living rooms awesome thank you for asking.
Service: 5 stars.
Got to my house in under 20.
In short, these guys provide a great service to our residents.
Next time you stumble home from Little Woody's hungry you'll thank me.
Sincerely, Yelp User Cam

My fiancé and I were starving.
Neither of us had eaten anything all day.
So when he gave me the I don't feel like cooking let's order something look after getting home one night, I knew we were in trouble due to the fact that all there was to order near us was pizza.
So, I opened yelp and stumbled on this gem.
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.
My fiancé had the three enchiladas plate and I had a bean rice and cheese burrito.
He ate his so fast that I know it was good, although all he could manage to say was "Spicy.
" My bean rice and cheese burrito was excellent.
Especially when I added a little bit of their Pico.
The only thing Los Burritos can work on is their delivery time.
I felt that waiting forty five minutes was a little long.
I give these guys four stars.

Tried their breakfast burrito and I really enjoyed it.
It tasted a lot fresher then going to a filibertos.
Unfortunately my hubby didn't get beef in his rolled tacos like he had ordered he got chicken.
I would def go back.

Hidden gem in the Arcadia area.
If you are looking for authentic Mexican food in Phoenix you have to check out Los Burritos.
Everything is prepared fresh and made to order.
Family owned and operated, everyone is extremely friendly!
Great find!
Don't miss out!

Super friendly staff and tasty food!!!
I ordered the carne Asada plate and while I waited the owner came out and chatted with me.
I just think that is so nice!
When I'm back in Phoenix again I'll definitely stop in to try some of their other dishes.
Oh and good prices too.

Everything is cooked to order, takes a couple mins, but we'll worth it.
Owner and his family are extremely nice and take pride in their food.
It's very addicting, and I can't stop coming back for more.

ooooooooooooomg  so freaking good its ridiculous.
forget any other place that ends in "erto's" unless its 3am.
i have never stopped eating to write a review.
but this is incredible.
this place can be missed very quickly as you drive by, but look for it across from fry's.
the family staff is awesome.
very nice.
and cute to boot.
i tried the carne quesadilla.
aaaaaaand i'm in love.
highly suggest it.
new website is: www.phoenixlosburritos.com

Found this place on yelp and saw good reviews so decided to give it a try.
I called in for delivery and ordered 3 tacos, a side of chips & salsa and a mango.
The delivery was fast and the food was delicious!
I absolutely loved the tacos and the salsa.
Will definitely  be eating at this place again!

Best Mexican food.
The salsa is incredible and the breakfast burrito (chorizo with potatoes) was amazing.
Fantastic service.

