Ok, about a month ago I came across a picture of a new food truck posted by Local Foodnik Joel LaTondress, known to the Phoenix food community and the twitterverse as @AZHotdish.
Not often does a simple picture cause so much commotion, but since the snapshot in question was of a food truck focused on Northeastern seaside cuisine namely Lobster rolls and other such briny delicacies, foodies began buzzing, posting queries clamoring for further details.
Further information about where to find this culinary treasure or whether it actually existed was thin and the discussion seemed to end.
A quick check of the URL www.mainelobsterlady.com got me a contact number to call which led to a rather pleasant conversation and information as to scheduled appearances.
Today, after almost a month of waiting, I went into stealth mode to get into the Arabian Horse Show (who cares about the horses when there's lobster to eat?
) and get myself a lobster roll.
The Maine Lobster Lady operates out of a very tidy, well equipped trailer.
As you approach you can almost smell the salt air and then theres the menu... Two different styles of Lobster roll, shrimp puffs and lobster chowder to name a few.
Barely able to control my glee, I ordered a tradiditonal lobster roll and an order of shrimp puffs.
Served on a hot, butter grilled roll sat easily a half pound of some of the best prepared, most succulent lobster i've ever eaten.
This sandwich is the epitome of simplicity with the barest hint of lemon aioli, chunky lobster tail and claw meat and a buttery sweet roll.
I cant even begin to describe how tasty this sandwich was and the $18 price was well worth it.
To accompany my sandwich were an order of "shrimp puffs" ($8.50), think of hushpuppies stuffed with succulent bay shrimp, a crunchy exterior and soft, well seasoned, piping hot interior.
Oh yeah, this was just melt in your mouth delicious when dipped in creamy tartar sauce.
I dont know if you have any interest in horses but if you value your tastebuds and the happiness of your belly, get out to the horse show or find the Maine Lobster Lady at one of her other events this spring and indulge, If you arent able to find her, stay tuned as I eat my way through her menu.
You may live vicariously through my culinary adventures!

We were lucky to get some great lobster rolls from this food truck at the Chandler Rock the Block festival on Saturday.
Having been to Maine and tried various lobster rolls, the rolls here are on par with what you'll find in the Pine Tree State.
I tried the traditional style, and it was delicious.
The large chunks of lobster were sweet and succulent, and the warm, toasty, buttery roll was perfect to combat the chilly evening.
We got here around 5:30 P.M.  and there were only 3 items available; the traditional lobster roll, the hot buttered lobster roll, and the lobster salad.
I would have liked to see more of the other items that they advertise on their online menu, such as the lobster bisque or seafood chowder.
I was also sad to see that they had sold out of blueberry lemonade, it sounded delicious.
The price of a lobster roll is $17, and it includes a hearty amount of lobster meat for your roll.
Unlike other food trucks that I've visited, there wasn't much of a wait at all for our food, a big plus!
I can't wait to try more lobster items from this food truck!

Sorry, not a fan.
The best thing I ate this night was at Old Dixie's THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN.
$17 for lobster roll and it just wasn't all that.

In its inaugural season it would be hard to call the Phoenix Festival of the Arts anything more than a dismal failure - a mere 40 artists plus some bands and organizations it was under-representative of the Valley's diverse art scene to say the least and yet at the same time it provided me the opportunity to do something I generally avoid; visit a selection of the city's food trucks - a collection of approximately ten which were present when the festival opened at 10am representing everything from lobster to pizza to hot dogs, barbeque, and pie.
Having already made two breakfast stops prior and with plans for Andreoli's Christmas Festival at 2:00pm I knew I'd need to save room and as such I perused the options carefully before settling on a trio...plus one en route back to the car.
Starting with the most unique, a food truck concept I certainly never saw in the Midwest and would have never expected in the desert, my first stop of the afternoon was at The Maine Lobster Lady (http://www.mainelobsterlady.com/,) a truck described as "A Maine island girl, along with her very own lobster fishin' partner, serving the real deal Maine Lobster from the coast of Maine to the desert southwest!
" and the menu, service, and accent all hold true to that definition in every way.
Priced substantially higher than the average food truck given the quality of the ingredients my selections from The Maine Lobster Lady would be two - the first her signature Maine Lobster Roll with hot buttered lobster chunks served simply on a grilled roll.
Simple, fresh, and loaded with lobster this was about as simple as it gets and although small considering the $17 price tag it would be hard to quibble this quality of crustacean nearly 3,000 miles from its point of origin as it was every bit as good as that in Boston or elsewhere (where, incidentally, Neptune charges a whopping $22 for their roll.
)  Moving next to a more innovative, though less impressive choice, a $9 cone of Maine Shrimp Puffs arrived as a half dozen hush-puppy sized balls of medium sized Maine shrimp tinged with butter and herbs deep fried to golden and served alongside a zippy garlic aioli.
Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish; next time I think I'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n' cheese.
Good, particularly given the fact that it arrived from a truck in the middle of Phoenix, but pricey at $26 for perhaps a dozen bites of food I see The Maine Lobster Lady as a well conceptualized idea to fill a void, but not someplace I'd seek out unless I really had a craving.

Being a New England native I can assure you that this gal gives an accurate representation of some our our beloved seafood dishes (right down to the price).
But if you think about it , her prices are pretty good for the amount of lobster you get in a roll (i.e.
you get what you pay for).
My mother and I were so excited to see that The Maine Lobster Lady had returned.
Its almost unheard of to find a real New England style lobstah roll out here (see Baers Den review), and shes got it, right down to the New England style roll (unavailable in AZ).
Our rolls were both toasted to perfection and housed all of those beautiful pieces of lobster perfectly.
I enjoyed mine w/ the lemon aioli, a gourmet take on the usual squeeze of lemon and a little bit of mayo, while my Ma enjoyed hers plain.
We also ordered the blueberry lemonade, which was a bit too sour for my taste, but still blueberry-rific.
Were so excited to go back tonight and get some full bellied clams (a MA delicacy that in 20 years we havent found anything close to down here) and some lobster mac and cheese.
Thank you Maine Lobster Lady for bringing a true taste of home out west even if it is for only a couple months a year.

I had the Connecticut style lobster roll and the shrimp fritters at Barrett Jackson and both items were delicious.
The staff was great too.

I visited this food truck at the Scottsdale Art Festival this afternoon.
Of all the dining options listed on the map, this one stood out to me the most, so I held out for lunch until we found it.
By then, I was pretty hungry.
The line was long.
I waited for about 20 or 25 minutes, and was dismayed to find that it would be an additional 30 minutes to actually get food.
I figured I had already waited this long, so I went for it.
I decided to get a beer and come back.
When I returned after about 20 minutes, it was pretty chaotic.
A lot of people (understandably) had left and come back, so there was a steady stream of people asking the harried staff about their orders.
When I asked about mine, they couldn't find it at first.
I was on the verge of asking for my money back, but I was so hungry and I figured it must be close.
I finally got my Maine lobster roll after 45 minutes (plus the time I spent in line).
Was it worth it?
Well, it was good.
I know lobster is expensive and a person couldn't really expect more lobster than they put on the roll.
I was hoping for a little more food, though.
It came with a pickle spear and a tiny bag of chips.
I don't know - fries?
Coleslaw?
It was tasty, but I don't know if it was worth all the trouble.
My husband got a delicious gourmet hotdog wrapped in warm flatbread for 6 bucks and he didn't even wait 5 minutes.
I think he got the better deal!

When I moved to Arizona from Maine a few years back, I thought my seafood days were over... That is until I found, The Maine Lobster Lady!!
I have tried both of her lobster rolls and they are delicious!!
Well worth the price!!
The meat is fresh and plentiful!
It tastes just like a quality lobster roll I would buy back home!
I can not wait to try the other "Maine Eats", on the menu!!
The food truck is darling as well, an over all great experience!

I can't speak for the lobster entrees since they were sold out, but the lobster bisque is over salted, fishy and over priced.
$9 for a cup (8 oz) of mediocre soup.
The fried haddock was served on a doughy 10 cent bun slathered in mayo.
Not worth $12.

I died went to HEAVEN on the 1st bite of my Lobstah Roll this past weekend in Phoenix, AZ.
"Truely out-of-this-world.
"  You owe it to yourself to see if you can catch her at a Festival or event near you!!!

I am a Boston native and I have had more then my share of lobster rolls over the years.
I was very excited to hear about the Maine Lobster Lady food truck that travels around the Valley in the winter months.
There is really no place in Phx to get a lobster roll, and people here have no idea what fried clams are.
My wife & I visited the truck outside of the US Airways Center in owntown Phoenix in March and was not disapointed.
I got a lobster roll($18) and my wife got a clam roll($18).
Both were very good and totally authentic.
I've had bigger portions for the same $$ but this is the desert, I'll take it.
We went back later after visiting Tilted Kilt and decided to get Lobster mac and cheese...a swing and a miss!
The portion was small for $14, lukewarm at best and lacking in the star ingrediant, lobstahh!
I would go back in a heartbeat though.

I became acquainted with The Maine Lobster Lady food truck at the 2013 Las Vegas Foodie Fest.
After an announcement that only 20 Lobster Rolls were left, I sweated it out but remained in line, because I was about the 14th person from the window.
When I reached the ordering station the truck was already out of Blueberry Lemonade at 8:30 p.m. on the second day of the festival, but I was able to secure one of the last Lobster Rolls.
The roll itself was rather small, and its contents were not warm like I thought they would be.
Instead this lobster Roll was refreshingly cold.
But it was chock-full of chunks of lobster graced by a light Lemon Mayonnaise Dressing.
Even the flippers tasted good!
I liked this cold roll despite my erroneous preconceptions of what it would be like.
It was served with a cold pickle spear, a small bag of Lay's Classic Potato Chips, and a wedge of lemon.
Priced at $18 a roll, there had better be some bang for the buck!
And there was!

I finally caught up with her at her last weekend in Phoenix about a month ago.
This is the real deal for all of us New England transplants looking for authentic seafood...lobster rolls, fried clams with bellies, chowdah, and a variety of other delicious options.
I will be following her religiously when she comes back next season.

My wife and I were excited when we spotted the truck, while on vacation from Maine.
All I can say is Lobstah Lobstah Mac and Cheese is the kinda stuff dreams are made of!
And the lobster roll was fantastic.
I wouldn't have expected to find one in Phoenix as good as back home.
I've even seen them go for $2 or $3 more in Bar Harbor, during the summer.
I don't know how she does it, but the Maine Lobster Lady does it well!
I highly recommend stopping in if you get the chance.
Thanks Lobster Lady!

Shes finally arrived!
I have been following her since last year and I finally have caught up with her and spreading the word!
Fresh as it can be in Arizona straight from Maine.
And boy was it good...they may look small but they are worth every penny and surprisingly filling!
The meat was tender and juicy.
The sauce of lemon and mayo was delicious.
Comes with pickle and chips.
Also had the blueberry lemonade..not a fan to sour for me but the rolks were on point.
Would love to try more on the menu!

Note to Diana Santospago, you made my night and hope for your continued success!
I was finally able to have my first Connecticut style lobster roll at the Food Truck Caravan Scottsdale and it was blissful.
A couple weeks before The Maine Lobster Lady arrived into town I emailed them inquiring on gluten free (yes I'm one of those pain in the ass customers) options.
I also asked if no GF rolls were available I would bring my own.
The Maine Lobster Lady promptly replied to my email advising that they would be able to use my GF roll with no issue, first impression of their customer service was off the charts.
This email brought me back to my childhood when you knew Christmas was close.
I've been accustom to just eating the filling of a sandwich if no GF option was available.
This wasn't a option for me this time because I wanted to get the full experience with my special requirements.
After waiting in line I get to place my order, told them of my GF roll and they handled it perfectly.
I finally get my roll took the first bite and was instantly in love!
I will visit one more time before they move on to the next town and will come back every year they stop into town.
You have a customer for life and will tell everyone I know of this amazing experience.

Was so looking forward to trying their Lobstah Sandwich.
When we arrived around 8:30pm Saturday in Scottsdale there was still quite a line for this Food Truck and the others had no line I thought this has to be pretty good.
Ordered the CT Style Lobster Sandwich which is served with Hot Lobster Meat.
Also had the Blueberry Lemonade which was $18 and $3.
After waiting around 15 minutes for my 2 items I was surprised by the size of the meal and would compare it to a children's meal.
I think I should have super sized it but that sandwich would have been $36.
The sandwich had quite abit of lobster for a regular size hot dog bun but for $18 it took about 4 bites to finish it.
Good thing my wife and son got their food earlier and were half way done so I could finish eating the same time after I had to wait so long for my mini meal.
Overall the sandwich was good for the lobster meat, small in quantity, high in price, not as warm as expected and did not wow me.
The blueberry lemonade was also on a small cup for $3.
If you are trying to eat light and like to pay $21 for a meal for yourself, this is the place!
Good thing there were 4 other food trucks.

I've read the raving reviews about the Maine Lobster Lady food truck in the past but actually happened to find it this past weekend at the Scottsdale Art Festival!
I was so excited to try "authentic Maine lobster rolls", as I have never been to Maine nor had a lobster roll before!
We walked up and noticed the price of $18 for a lobster roll, $14 for lobster mac and cheese, fried haddock sandwich for $12 and blueberry lemonade for $3.
Service was very friendly and was told to try the lobster roll cold, since that's how they eat it in New England.
We also ordered the mac and cheese, I mean how often do you see mac and cheese lobster?!
I also ordered the blueberry lemonade and waited a few minutes for the food.
The lobster roll was TINY!!
There was no sauce and looked nothing like the lobster rolls I've seen before.
I got a few pieces of claw meat with a few pieces of lemon on top in a tiny size hot dog looking roll.
My friend ordered the lobster mac and said it was COLD!
I even took a bite and was shocked it would be cold.
It was also cooked with a penne pasta, which is NOT mac and cheese!
The only thing I enjoyed was the blueberry lemonade.
For $43 (food and tip), this was a total disappointment!!!

Thank goodness she's back!!
Yes, the Lobster is pricey.
But where else can you get Lobster like this in AZ?
The Lobster comes from a boat in Maine too (I got the back story from a friend of mine).
I still have yet to try the Lobster Mac and Cheese.
I usually get in line for some, and then at the last second change it to the Lobster Roll....yet again.
:)  Keep up the great work!

What a lady you are!!!
Who else could charm $40 out of my wallet FOR LUNCH?
TOTALLY worth it!
I had just finished my final and decided to treat myself to a Connecticut Lobster Roll (a roll with chunks of sustainably sourced lobster meat drizzled with warm butter).
I went "overboard" and got double meat.
SO delicious and this lobster trumps what you get in most restaurants.
They also have lobster mac and cheese, lobster bisque, shrimp puffs, haddock but I always go for the main event each time.
My wallet can't handle this all the time but whenever you want to treat yourself, look no further!

Yum!!!
The Lobster Lady is the BEST!
She gives you a HUGE portion of fresh tasty lobster!
The lobster rolls are my favorite, but even the lobster salad was wonderful!
The other things on the menu are good too!
My favorite of which are the fried clams.
I am definitely going to be following the Lobster Lady around this year until she leaves!

Nomnomnom!!
Wow!!
I've been really wanting to eat at this food truck for a while now.
I came to the food truck festival today and completely forgot that it was going to be there.
The line was huge but was worth the wait.
I've only had real Maine lobstah a few times before which is always a treat, but I've never had a Lobstah Roll before.
It was really good.
I was picturing an overwhelming amount of mayo added but this Lobstah Roll was more about the meat than anything.
Very lightly tossed with mayo and the added lemon made for a great taste.
I nice buttery toasted roll grilled on both sides just added to the perfection of this masterpiece.
The price is expensive, but for the best quality in meat is worth the cost.
I will definitely be craving another one here very soon.

Sadly, AZ hasn't been the hot spot for lobster rolls for a long...well okay, never.
Who am I kidding?
There are no lobsters in AZ!
I am a crazed lobster addict, the Maine lobster lady is only in town during the fall and winter months, but oh my goodness, track her down!
I get mine with melted butter and a lemonade.
$20 well spent.

The lobster roll is the bomb!
They're small, but the bread is very good---lightly toasted, with WARM tender chunks of lobster that melts in your mouth.
Note: Lobster is best served warm because it becomes chewy when it's cold.
If you're looking for heavy mayo and celery chunks, this roll isn't for you.
If you're looking for bite after bite of "lobstah"heaven, this roll has got your name on it!
My only critique is the size of the roll doesn't fill you up and it's pricey, $18.
I would need to eat 2 to get my fill, but $36 is a bit hefty for lunch.
This is definitely a special occasional treat!
Follow the food truck on Facebook.
I found them parked in front of the Capitol building on a food truck Friday.

I'm from Maine.
I go to great lengths to fulfill my lobster roll cravings in Arizona.
It was like Christmas came in March this year....I am now able to get lobster rolls in Phoenix!!!
As most noted, the prices are steep, but it is amazingly fresh tasting Maine lobster.
It didn't taste any different than if I'd ordered one from a restaurant at a beach in Maine.
I enjoyed the Connecticut Roll and the blueberry lemonade and brought the Traditional Maine Roll home for my husband.
I already have plans to meet up with the truck in a few weeks.
And I know many more occasions before the Maine Lobster Lady returns to Maine for the summer.

They're generous with the fresh lobster, the mayo spread is delicious and the buns are nice and buttery/toasted.
Pretty pricey for a lobster roll, but it's a niche market.

First time I tired to go to the food truck was at the Food truck fest at talking stick couple months back.
Line was stupid long so went to another truck that day.
Way too hungry to wait 2 hours in line!
found them this weekend at the Scottsdale Art walk.
I was parked close to them and line wasn't too bad so I was in luck.
I tried the Main Lobster roll.
It was really good!
big chunks of lobster lightly mayo'd with a wedge of lemon to go with it.
Bread was very good as well.
The roll was a little smaller than I had anticipated.
At $18 bucks for a roll and $3 for a lemonade, it is on the pricey side for a food truck.
Yes, I know it's lobster, but still.
I'm pretty sure I'd go back and try the Connecticut style next time.
Overall, great find and good job to them for bringing this to AZ and hopefully doing quite well and stay around a while.

With apologies to Air Supply.
"You are my lady And I am your man Whenever I reach for you, you do all that you can Are you ready to learn the power of love?
"  There isn't much more that I can add to the other reviews.
Fantastic food and even better service.
If you're out and you see this food truck, I don't care if you're hungry or not - get a lobster roll.
If you don't, the missed opportunity will haunt you for the rest of your life; it'll be like that time you chickened out asking the pretty blonde to the prom.
But, don't take my word and the gazillion other reviewers word for the fantasticness (no that's not a word) of this food truck.
The Arizona Restaurant Association recently gave The Maine Monster Lady a Foodist Award for Outstanding Food Truck.

