This location just opened up,so i've noticed they have a few kinks that need help.
Mainly it's the service.
Last time i went in,there were dirty tables everywhere.It was not busy at all,so i found it to be unacceptable.
The girl at the counter was very friendly but forgetful.When i ordered a drink with my meal,she forgot to give me my cup.I had to ask for it.She also charged me for a med.drink,when i ordered a small.Then,when i got my sandwich,i went to get forks,napkins,and ketchup.None of those items were stocked where they should be,so i had to go to the counter and ask for them.the worker went into the stock area and pulled them out from underneath locked cabinets..The bagels and coffee were good,but they should really keep the condiment area stocked..It was just one thing after the other when it came to eating utensils.I feel that these items should always be fully stocked.Also the coke zero was "out"all water when i poured my drink.
i just think the girl working there was pretty clueless..But she was nice and friendly.
So hopefully they step up thier game.

First time here and was really impressed!
The staff was really friendly and the service was quick!
Menu is really great and prices are good!
The coffee is pretty damn good!!
Definitely coming back to this store!

Love there bagels & sammy's.
not a fan of the coffee but everything else is yummy.
Staff is always pleasant

Get there early if you want more selection of bagels.
These bagels toast up really well, crispy on the outside but tender on the inside.
Dang it, I all of a sudden want a bagel.

I love them !!!
Here is some knowledge for you.
The crusty ring‑shaped bagel--the word means "bracelet" in German‑‑which was the everyday bread of the Jews in Eastern Europe, has become the most famous Jewish food in America and a standard American bread.
Like challah, it is of South German origin, but it came into its own and took its definitive form in the Polish shtetl.
It was sold on the street by vendors with baskets or hanging on long sticks.
Hawkers had to have a license.
Illegal selling of bagels by children was common and viewed as respectable, especially by orphans helping their widowed mothers, but if they were caught by a policeman they would be beaten and their baskets, bagels, and linen cover would be taken away.
Because of their shape-‑with no beginning and no end‑‑bagels symbolize the eternal cycle of life.
In the old days, they were supposed to be a protection against demons and evil spirits, warding off the evil eye and bringing good luck.
For these reasons, they were served at circumcisions and when a woman was in labor and also at funerals, along with hard‑boiled eggs.
When the Jews left Eastern Europe in great masses for America, Canada, and Europe, many sold bagels from pushcarts on the Lower East Side of Manhattan and in the East End of London.
When Jacques immigrated to New York from Syria at the turn of the century, the only jobs he could get were peddling door-to-door and selling bagels from a pushcart.
He found this so demeaning that he migrated back to Egypt, where a large part of his family had settled.
A month ago in Paris, his widow, Régine, told a old man looking in From  window of his difficulties in communicating in either English or Yiddish, and of his surprise when he first encountered bagels.
Although so many new varieties of bagels have now appeared in New York, purists will have only the original plain water bagels, which are made by throwing rings of risen dough into violently boiling water for a few seconds, then draining, cooling, and baking quickly till golden, shiny, and crisp.
They are wonderful when very, very fresh and still spongy inside but quickly become tough and leathery, in which case the best thing is to cut them open and toast them.
New York is said to make the best, supposedly be­cause of the mineral content of their water.

Wow, just left Einsteins and they were out of all of their featured and most popular bagels.
Wildly mismanaged on their busiest day...example: a new employee was reading a manual how to make a specially coffee...asking the cashier questions...the cashier was taking phone orders (which he was told to put the caller on hold) he had to ask who had what because he was calling out the wrong orders.
This is the second visit in a row there was chaos...they completely messed up my to go order by leaving a bagel out of my order...too corporate, seems like none cares about selling begals and giving the customer a great experience.

No improvement, still making mistakes on orders..I spoke to the manager, no response, like talking to an 18 yr. old McDonalds manager...my last visit, I tried.

The service and food here are excellent!!
The manager has put together a team that impressed me so much, I called him and told him so.
The guys that work there -- and I say "guys' because most of my interactions have been with male employees -- take a genuine interest in making sure you have a good experience.
They are attentive and friendly.
It took a few minutes to get the sandwich, but we didn't care because the time was spent well putting together a delicious product.
Not to mention, Richard, the associate that helped us, was chatting it up and asking us about our day as he worked.
Nothing felt forced or "mandatory.
"  He is a genuinely nice guy.
The manager told me that their corporate headquarters rely heavily on the surveys on receipts for giving the employees their bonuses, etc.
If everyone on Yelp could remember to do one on occasion, it is greatly appreciated by the staff there, I'm sure.

We were very excited to come to Einstein Bros, however when we got there we were a little disappointed.
My mother ordered a bagel with humus, however they alerted us that they never took the humus out of the freezer that morning, so they did not have any humus available.
I ordered a Italian chicken panini.
(One of my favorites) and it was brought to me cold, and the chicken, cheese, and spinach was not spread apart throughout.
When I went back up and asked them to fix it, the man was very kind and brought it to me hot.
My mother re-ordered a toasted bagel with blueberry creme cheese on it, that was barely toasted.
For an Einstein Bros, it was not great food.
The staff was all male, and when there wasn't some one at the register to help, they were messing around.
One of the boys was completely covered head-to-toe in flour!
Not a great trip to the Einstein Bros!

Yes, there is a "eat at your own risk" type warning for the smoked salmon.
I unfortunately developed food poisoning after eating the honey-glazed smoked salmon sandwich last month.
I was chained to the porcelain throne from 4 pm to 4 am and had to miss a day of work.
It was pretty much a bagel with pieces of smoked salmon and chopped onion/tomato on top of a bagel.
No cream cheese was put on it (which would probably help anchor down the ingredients), and the whole thing fell apart on first bite.
The workers are friendly and the drinks are fine; but I'm never coming back here.

I'm usually not a fan of Einstein Brothers, I've tried them all over & they all are just "meh.
" Before taking my mom to the airport we decided to stop & have a bagel.
The guys (literally, all guys) behind the counter were so friendly & didn't get annoyed when it took us a minute to figure out what we wanted.
As we were leaving one of the workers was sitting down on his break, saw us leaving & jumped up to open the door for us, that doesn't happen many places anymore!

I had the opportunity to visit this location a month prior, it was mostly all male staff, and the service was efficient and the guys worked together.
This time I visited the staff was mostly female.
What a difference!
This crew of women should never work together again.
This was by far the worst visit I have ever experienced.
Let's start with the environment,  this is summer so it's nice to go to a place and cool off.
The temperature was hot!
It was not only hot to me and my guest, I heard another person complain it was too hot to sit in the middle media area and near the door.
Although there was someone at the ordering area, she apparently had a problem with one of the senior staff putting her hands up after asking a question stating "I got it, I got it already!
" When the order arrived part of the food was dropped followed by a prompt apology, but no one came back to clean the cream cheese that remained on the floor and our table!
I had no doubt this place lacked cohesiveness when one staff put her hands up in the air complained to her coworker, "I can't take anymore of this!
" and promptly walked off to the back where further audible grumbling ensued.
There is no excuse for this entire episode, the environment did not settle until two other staff came that happened to be male.
It makes no difference if there is an all male or female staff, as long as service is conducted with the customer in mind.
I sent a survey to Einstein's and have yet to hear back from them.
I hope to hear from them, but it has already been several days.

What a letdown!!
The redhead behind the counter....SLOW!!
there was no sense of urgency from most of the employees.
One guy was hustling.
Everyone else..snoozing.
The place was boiling hot and humid.
Probably about 85 degrees.
You want to make a line full of people angry, keep it hot.
Our order got pushed behind a jerk customer's order.
Squeaky wheel and all.
Really unfair.
I was so impressed with this place before.
They were completely ridiculous this visit.
I will not be going back anytime soon.
The food was delish, but it is not so good that I would put up with the lax service.
Management MUST have changed.

