Originally came to this place a couple years ago but was just looking, not paying much attention,   Today, My husband and I received an ad in the newspaper and a couple couches caught our eyes.
Specifically two leather black couch sets (love seat and sofa).
Walking in we were immediately greeted by a nice gentlemen named Mike Villescas.
He asked if there was anything in particular we were looking for and we told him couches.
Black.
(husbands choice).
Going further into detail..
He told us that leather wouldn't be a great choice because my husband mentioned that he gets hot very quickly and i get cold all the time.
Also, my daughter has a problem with biting.
He offered to choice us another option, a sectional in our price range.
It was nice but he was honest and told us that it would be in bad damage in a year, from what other customers have said.
Past customers would usually be back in a year to purchase again.
It was extremely cheap, only 499 and included the ottoman.
It was nice but i trusted this man and decided it was not a good idea.
My husband then saw a tan/grey set that was very out of the ordinary.
It was a sofa and love seat set but also had a chair/lounge for an extra 150.
The lounge could be added to the sofa to make it look like a sectional if we wanted.
it came with many pillows with a cool circle design.
I loved it.
It wasn't the comfiest but we knew we would have to break it in.
We wanted something sturdy to last for a couple years and to with stand the jumping and torture of our 15 month old.
All together it was going to cost us 860 and it said on the sign 940.
Good deal.
I had decided to get a coffee table and two stands in dark chocolate to match for 169. expensive but oh well.
I wanted everything matching.
All together with tax (88 bucks) and the delivery/set up fee (65 bucks) it came to a total of 1186.
Not too bad but way over our budget.
Ouch.
The hubs is upset but i told it its a good investment ;)  Come here for great service, good deals and nice quality furniture.
I love that Mike didnt follow us around like a puppy and he was very patient.
We took 2 hours to decide.
We shall receive our furniture tomorrow morning.
Cant wait.
Also they have financing available.
NO CREDIT CHECK.
for all you bad creditars out there ;)  FYI; If you do not pay off your furniture within the 90 days (same as cash) they add interest which is another 700 and something dollars, so come having cash or to pay it off completely in 90 days.

First and last visit to the Furniture Factory.
I was in the parking lot searching through Yelp for the nearest furniture store and viola!, a furniture store happens to be in same parking lot that I happen to be in.
Convenient and if I find what I'm looking for at the right price, score!
So, I enter and immediately see two guys sitting on couches.
I wasn't sure if they were employees or customers, but one said "Hi".
That was the extent of our conversation.
As soon as I pass them, they get up to assist customers walking in.
Now, I'm irrigated,  but no big deal.
I will just browse and if I see something I like, maybe someone will assist.
Then I see it.
I found the table I'm looking for.
but it's missing the price.
I stood and stood waiting for someone to help me.
I also see employees all over the place going out of their way to serve other customers.
I'm not going to speculate to why, but I guess I didn't look like a furniture buying looking dude.
However, I was the first customer that walked inside their doors at the time.
After about 10 minutes of standing in front of the table pacing with no service, I decided to approach them for assistance.
I finally got the price and it was perfect.
However, I already lost interest and would rather take my money to a place that wants it.
I'm not going out of my way to buy something where the salesperson will not, at least, meet me halfway to sell it.
I could easily give this place 1 or 2 stars, but I won't.
They didn't have a huge selection, but they did have some quality furniture at pretty good prices.
I don't want my review to discourage all other customers looking for a great deal.
They just need to be patient enough to deal with bad service.
Obviously, I don't see myself coming back to Furniture Factory.
In fact, I ended up paying almost double for the same looking table somewhere else.
I was planning on changing up a my whole downstairs furniture by the end of the year.
Just too bad Furniture Factory is not going to be part of it.
The sales people probably get paid on commission too.
Big Mistake!..Big!..Huge!

Dont buy furniture from this store.
The items might look fantastic and the customer service might be nice but their stuff is nothing but CRAP.
I bought sofa set and bed.
e delivery process was horrible and the one of the sofa caved in and also the bed frame broke after 2 months.
i called them to fix it since under a warranty.
Man it was war without any result.
The store cant do much since they work with warehouse and warehouse practically have no customer service.

All sales final.
No exchanges or refunds.
They charge an extra 2% if you use your credit card.
Bob was nice and willing to lower/haggle prices, which I thought was nice.
He said they had been in business for years.
Store is a little crowded, not much walking room.
So, you may have to some fancy maneuvering.
They don't have a big selection of TV/entertainment stands.
We picked up our dining room table from their warehouse to save money.
We chose to assemble it and luckily, no problems with the product.

It's probably a bad sign if a "clearance" furniture store as zero cars in front of it despite tons of sale signs outside.
Zero percent interest, no payments, financing available, no credit check, etc- the signs were screaming out for people to go in and buy.
But when we went in, everything was ridiculously overpriced.
I don't associate "wholesale prices" with $800 couches, and I'm pretty sure no one else does either.
The furniture here is all either very modern or very large, clunky, and outdated, so in addition to being out of my price range it's also not my style, at all.
The lady stationed at the front door seemed used to people walking in, gasping at the prices, and walking out.
Felt bad for her.
Not sure how this place stays open.

