Frio Mio is run by some really nice people.
They are really friendly and grateful for your business.
Not to mention the frozen yogurt is amazing.
Better than anything else you'll find around and cheaper too.
Definitely stop in and try the cake batter flavor... it's amazing.

By far the best frozen yogurt we have had anywhere since moving to Chandler last year.
The root beer yogurt is sensational...but everything there is so good you'll want to try all 20 flavors (most places only have 8 or 10).
We were very impressed with the owner, Jeff, who makes you feel welcome and comfortable.
We intentionally pass 4 or 5 other yogurt shops to go to Frio Mio, which isn't the easiest place to find but is definitely worth finding!
For frozen yogurt, this is AS GOOD AS IT GETS.

Amazing Yogurt in the Ocotillo community!
Totally worth the trip!
When you arrive, the Owner Geoff and his wife Brenda make you feel at home.
The choices of flavors are all delicious!
Very rare in the valley to have several dairy free, fat free, and sugar free varieties!
Its nice to see that they offer protein shakes that are packed with nutrition and tastes so good!
I also see they have an all natural energy drink!
I read the nutritional information and see it is safe enough to give to kids..no jitters, shakes or crash!
I bought a few extra to take home and use when I hike the mountain.
I can not believe how amazing they are and that they provide a sustained energy level.
They even have Xbox, and enjoy the bowling game!
So far we have the highest score at a 299!
Always a good time had when the game is going...really captures the crowd!
Be sure to stop in and try some of the best yogurt!
I love the sorbets and agree that the Rootbeer is a show stopper!

First time at Frio Mio it has great flavors and a fun atmosphere.
They offer 50% off for players in uniform, which is nice right after playing at Snedigar.
My kids liked the Xbox 360 that was setup.
We will be coming back here again!!

Real good.
Friendly employees.

Frio Mio is great.
They have a large selection and have a xbox to play while there.
Owner is super nice along with his staff.
Prices are very reasonable and they offer discounts to kids wearing their sports uniform.

Employees are very nice, but the toppings always seem low and the gummy bears are always hard.
But one of the best yogurt shops in Chandler.

I've been to frio mio a handful of times- it's near my house and work!
The gentleman who owns it is always very friendly and talkative.
I went recently (begining of April) and there was a sign saying NO LONGER IN BUSINESS!
Thanking his customers for a great run, and mentioning relocating- though I do not recall the address.
Just a warning to my fellow froyo lovers!

Geoff sold his business to new owners who were to relocate the business in Tempe.
For those who enjoyed the MonaVie EMVs that were sold you can continue to enjoy the energy beverages and trying the 2 new flavors, Citrus Zero (zero calorie/carbs/sugars) and Acerola by going directly to www.monavie.com/olympics and click the product tab/energy.

========CLOSED=========  Building is empty.
Had to find out the hard way when I was in an urgent need of frozen yogurt.
:-(

