I highly recommend this company!
Not only is Ryan Perry trustworthy but his company is reliable and does fantastic work.
This company is extremely organized and honest.
More often times then not you get taken to the bank when you need a handy job done in your home but The Repairs Guys are extremely reasonable and affordable.
The did a great job and didn't try selling us unnecessary work just to make an extra buck.
I will definitely use their services again for our next home repair!

I would highly recommend this company.
We called Ryan to make Cheer captain boxes for my daughter's cheer team!
They made all the boxes in time for the first game.
The girls love the boxes.
They did an excellent job!
Thanks again for the excellent service.

I highly recommend this company and was very impressed with the customer service and the professionalism shown.
I recently had a garbage disposal go out and needed a replacement.
I called The Repair Guys and was unable to reach anyone so left a message.
Kyle returned my call promptly and we discussed the problem and options available.
He was able to  get someone out to fix the problem the same day.
I was out of state so Kyle sent me a video explaining the problem and showing me the faulty unit.
I am very pleased with the results.

While I can't attest to their actual work, I am giving this rating based on the service I received over the phone.
I called a few companies to ask about a having a project done.
Unlike the other companies who simply told me that my project is beyond their scope (mainly due to licensing), Ryan spent about 10 minutes discussing my plans and gave me very specific requirements/suggestions for getting bids on the project.
He then called me back 30 minutes later because he forgot to mention another idea.
I was quite impressed that he took so much time with me, knowing that he wasn't able to actually get me business.

My husband and I were looking for a company to perform a multiple task project.
The Repair Guys were definitely the men for this job!
Not only did they move an electrical outlet and install our new 70" flat screen television (consisting of a wall mount, shelving and tactfully hid wiring), they also did all of the drywall repair and painted the wall in an accent color.
We also had them repair a piece of stonework on the exterior of our home, as well as a large hole in the stucco caused by the neighborhood woodpecker.
Everything turned out exceptionally well.
Ryan and his team are a great group of people .
They are trustworthy and do top notch work.
I can't say enough good things about The Repair Guys!

