Centrally located next to The Shoppes at the Palazzo.
Huge store, with great selection.
But, the prices are definitely pricey--at least for food they are.
If you have time and want to save your money for Vegas venues, trot on over to the CVS on the opposite side of the street.
The prices are much more reasonable and will save you a few bucks.
It'll take you 10 minutes to get there, though.
Not enough pedestrian crosswalks, grrr!
Grabbed a Rockstar Punched at $2.99 for my friend.
The checkout line was crowded, but cashiers were fast and the line moved quickly.
I appreciated the single line system, rather than the chaotic one-line-per-stand system at CVS.
But by the time I had finished grocery shopping, my friends over at Earl of Sandwich had already left for the hotel.
Too slow :c

This place is one of the nicest Walgreens I have ever been to.
Unfortunately the security guard will kindly remind you that you cannot consume your alcoholic beverage inside the store.
The store is one of the newer stores and they have a pretty good selection of drinks, beers, and all kinds of other stuff.
There are mini alcoholic drinks behind the register.

This is the nicest Walgreens I have ever seen.
I had to keep reminding myself this was Walgreens and not WalMart.
My point is, they have almost everything you can think of.
Their alcohol selection is amazing.
And the prices weren't bad.
We chose to do our souvenir shopping here and everyone was please with the gifts that I bought.
One star deducted because the security guard yelled at my sister for bringing her alcohol in the store.
Booooo!
We are in Vegas, dude!
Don't you know that everything goes?

Dopest, cleanest, brightest, newest Walgreens ever.
This is serious.
All tricked out in Vegas fashion.
Love.
Yes, it is pricey - literally, everything is probably double what you normally would pay at a drug/convenience store, but still, they offer everything a normal Walgreens would but takes it to a whole 'nother level - literally!
*2 floors - say whaaaaaaaat?!!!
*Makeup counters - are we in Nordstroms?
Why would you need makeup counters at a Walgreens?
Who cares?!
This is awesome!
*Vegas tchotchkes - as many as you need.
Amazed at how they can still keep it looking sparkling new with the heavy foot traffic in here.
Bravo, Walgreens Vegas, Bravo!

Although it is a new convenient location for items, they mark up all the prices making their products a rip off.
I would recommend going to the ABC store in Planet Hollywood.
At least the ABC prices are still reasonable unless you don't care about being ripped off.

This is one of the smartest locations Walgreens has ever opened up!
So convenient!
This store was alwayz busy every time I walked in.
Granted the prices are inflated compared to the Walgreens at home.
but compared to the prices on the strip, it can be considered a steal!
Will definitely hit up this Walgreens next time I go to Vegas!

I went to Vegas back in August with a group of 8.
We went here almost everyday to stock up on supplies: Liquor, chasers, water, gum etc...
It was great and very centrally located.

I try my best to pack everything I need before I leave on my vacation, but I always forget one thing.
This time it's a toothbrush.
Luckily this Walgreens has opened up right next to the Planet Hollywood hotel.
Better than having to walk all the way down to MGM to get your basic toiletries and other stuff like snacks and maybe even liquor.
The store is surprisingly clean and organized for something that's in the middle of the Las Vegas strip.

Amazing!!!
It made me want to buy their cosmetics- and i'm more of a sephora girl.
They even have electric escalators to go to the 2nd floor.
Really- best nicest/fanciest Walgreens I have ever seen!!

By far THE BEST Walgreens I have ever gone to.
I've had the luxury of flying into Vegas the last two trips that I've taken.
This is great because I'm not spending hours in the car but it also sucks because I cannot bring more than 3 oz.
of liquids on my flight unless I want to check my bags (that's a negative).
Cut to buying booze at this Walgreens.
It is a convenient walk from the Cosmopolitan where I stayed on the first trip.
We just took that bridge from the Cosmo to Walgreens for alcohol, Powerade, chasers, Pepto Bismol, candy, snacks, popcorn.
You name it, we bought it at this Walgreens.
Cut to the second trip in Vegas: we stayed at the Marriott Grand Chateau - also walking distance.
We pretty much did the same alcohol run.
However, on this trip, I did a haphazard job at packing and forgot my eyeliner.
No problemo.
This Walgreens has the BEST cosmetics section ever.
My friends hovered around the fragrance section and even ended purchasing the one named "Between the Sheets" (made for an interesting talking point with cab drivers).
I picked up a great liquid eyeliner which has now replaced the Sephora one I was using before.
The line to check out looks really intimidating but here's a secret - you can check out that the register in the cosmetics area!
From here on out, I will be planning Vegas trips and where we stay in Vegas based on its proximity to this Walgreens.
Legit.

Well stocked -  new and expensive Walgreens...
I was informed that you don't get Walgreen's loyalty points on your card even if they do swipe it for you - guess it saves the argument...
I only noticed after I had been a number of times and the points total never changed .. then I asked   So since then I have been using the numerous CVS stores that are on the strip and elsewhere  ..
Better prices and loyalty points too.

AAUGH!
I'm in Vegas by myself!
And I'm not gambling!
Or drinking (much) alcohol!
And i need to keep gluten out of my intestines!
What am I gonna do?!
Stock up at Walgreen's, that's what.
This Walgreen's has an upstairs and a downstairs, and I much preferred the downstairs area - less pedestrian traffic in & out of the store due to stairwell/escalator placement near the building.
I was so excited to find a package of refrigerated lean turkey, some swiss cheese, fruit, Chobani yogurt and a big jug of water (to refill my bottle and, hopefully save a little bit more of the planet).
OK, I bought some chocolate, too - I *am* in Vegas, right?
Thanks to this Walgreen's and the couple $9 salads I snagged at a Subway on the Strip, I was entertained AND my insides didn't explode.

I have to say this is the biggest Walgreens I have ever been in and it deserved a shout out.
They have tons of cold cheap water.
I say that because my first night here I was really dehydrated and in need of water, God help you if you are caught down by the Flamingo and those casinos, we paid nearly $4 for the same bottle Walgreens wants $1.00 for.
However, my son asked me just today, why wouldn't you just sit down in the casino and get your water from the drink servers running around.
Yeah, that works if you are not zombie crawling up the vegas strip in 90 degree heat wishing you'd remembered water.
The line for this Walgreens was rope style and it was packed, they had us out the door in less than five minutes and that my friends is how Walgreens got a whole 4 star review... for having their crap together in the middle of chaos and drunk gamblers.

If you want to get your drink on at night on the Strip, this location is excellent.
Just a few steps from the sidewalk, you can get messed on the cheap.
ABC Stores have some serious competition.
The drink area is in the far back, and the entire room is refrigerated so you can spend a few minutes cooling down while browsing for your drink of choice.
The checkout is nice and quick, with the lineup feeding straight into a single row of counters.
Extremely fast and efficient.
Special mention.

Cannot stand this store.
It's much worth your walk to head south on Vegas blvd.
and hit cvs or the other Walgreens a block down.
Constantly having issues with security being overzealous and immature with tyrannical agendas.
No thanks!
I'll pay exuberant prices for convenience on the strip, but refuse to be treated like trash in the process.

Let me just say that NO Walgreens could possibly top the one in Chicago at Milwaukee and Damen, but this location is a close second.
This Walgreens has EVERYTHING.
In true Vegas style, there's a beauty counter that sells high-end perfumes and cosmetics, a large liquor section (complete with 'to-go' beers and wine coolers), a large dry food section and a DELI COUNTER.
What??
It's like a mini grocery store complete with all the things that booze-loving gamblers need.
Walgreens is an inexpensive alternative to eating and buying drinks in nearby hotels and casinos.
The prices here are definitely higher here than they are at a typical Walgreens, but that's still cheaper than the casinos.
I recommend buying booze, mixers and food here and brining it back up to your room.
They even sell disposable coolers and ice so you don't have to mess around with your hotel's fridge and get charged for touching things on those scales.
My favorite parts were the fresh foods (sandwiches, fruit, etc.
), the snack selection (and cheaper Walgreens brand items) and the liquor.
Definitely a must visit if you're staying nearby.

Stop by here for getting supplies instead of paying a fortune at your hotel!

Nice place to get liquor and anything else you forgot to pack.
We came here to get liquor and sunblock but ended up shopping more than we bargained for because there is so much cute stuff

If you're looking for food or alcohol on the strip that's not from a restaurant or bar, this is the place.
A wide selection of food and tons of alcohol.
There aren't any grocery stores around, this is it.

This is the nicest and fanciest Walgreens I've ever been to.
It's even nicer than some of the newer Walgreens from where I'm from.
This place is effin huge and they have everything you will ever need in case you forget whatever it was that you needed to pack or bring on your trip.
It's glitzy.
It's glamorous.
It's ginormous.
It's very fitting for a Walgreens store in Las Vegas.

Nicest Walgreens ever!
They pretty much have anything you need or want.
Beverages (alcoholic/non-alcoholic), souvenirs, food, makeup, nail polish, toiletries, everything.

We popped into this location to grab some allergy medicine for someone in our group.
This place was gigantic for this chain.
They had tons of options from the regular convenience chain necessities to tourist deals (magnets, post cards, etc.).
We snatched up a few post cards so we could send them to family and they were much cheaper here then in several of the surrounding locations.
If you need a quick stop off for a bottle of water or medicine to take care of any ailments you may get from being on the Strip - this is a great stop!
Overall: A Clean, easy and quick to get in and out!

This Walgreens is located inside one of the hotels on the strip.
It is two stories so its not as small as it looks.
The service here was not as fast as I would have liked.
It was not at the fault of the cashier though.
The customer was just very slow and had way too many questions.
Tourists!

This is certainly Walgreens done Vegas style.
Firstly this place is huge, in fact it has two floors, and where else but the Las Vegas strip could you find a Walgreens that has a sign on front that must require half the electricity of the Hoover Dam to power - well okay, not quite, but it certainly makes its presence known among all the other glittering lights of the strip and definitely is hard to miss.
This store has pretty much everything you could ever need as someone vacationing in Vegas or visiting the strip for a business conference.
For things like beverages and souvenirs this is somewhat cheaper than you'll find in the gift shops in the major casino hotels.
It's also conveniently located on the strip and not a long walk if you're staying at MGM, New York New York or other hotels in that particular area.
Service was great every time we visited here and there are many checkouts that make any visit a speedy process once you get used to where things are in the store.
Definitely great to have this right on the strip.
It's certainly not super cheap, especially for a Walgreens, but I'm also sure this is some prime real estate.
But it's handy beyond belief and because of that I'm a fan and will certainly use this store again next time I find myself staying on the strip in Vegas.

Oh, you fancy huh?
This Walgreens location is most definitely the nicest I've ever seen.
Since we were staying at the Cosmo, it was a short walk away to get here.
We came here to get all of our necessities for the weekend: drinks, more drinks, cups, and some food to tie us over.
You can definitely find everything you need, but be sure to pay the Vegas price for everything.
But since it IS Vegas, I wouldn't dock a star for the prices.
Still better than buying anything from the hotels!

This Walgreens is my favorite Walgreens, which has a nice Vegas flair.
We stopped in here more than a few times during our visit to grab items for our Vegas stay.
What a convenient location being right in the middle of the Strip, right next to Planet Hollywood and across the way from the City Center.
There are two floors with plenty of shopping space.
The aisles are easy to navigate and doubly wide.
They have a large selection of alcohol and even a whole shelf devoted to half-bottles of alcohol, everything from tequila to wine.
These smaller bottles were very convenient for our last night in which we didn't need full bottle sizes.
They were even giving out free samples of flavored rum one afternoon.
There are some cool souvenirs, including Vegas tank tops, baby outfits, glitter coffee cups and tumblers, pink and zebra print flasks, magnets, postcards and glitzy bags.
I saved on a LV coffee traveler mug here,  paid $9.95 and found it outside of Walgreens for $14.95.
Stock up on your souvenirs here, you'll save yourself some money.
There are between 6-10 checkout windows for easy in and out checkout.
The lines flow very nicely and the checkout clerks were all very pleasant.
Even the security guard manning the door gave everyone a friendly greeting.
I'll be hitting up this Walgreens during my future Vegas visits.

Went into Walgreens looking for body spray, looked and looked and couldn't find any so went to the pharmacy and asked the alleged dumb blonde pharmacist if they had body spray-she asks me - what do you use it for???
WTF???
REALLY?
I looked at her and said duh-you spray it on your body....maybe???
Oh, she says-perfume, WTF?
And she is a pharmacist?
WOW!
DUMB BLONDE...watch out if you get a prescription at this place because she is oh not so smart....

I tend to avoid Walgreens or any drug store but alas we needed a few things and there's an assortment of Walgreens up and down the strip just for that reason.
I regretted the trip but damn was I impressed.
This is quite possibly the best Walgreens I've been to.
Not only does it looks clean and amazing but they also have these pink and purple lights on the ceiling, spacious aisles, and a deli area with a fancy drink machine.
We got water for the hotel and the check out was smooth and simple.
I was tempted to get the Vegas chapstick just because but enjoyed the experience instead.

WOW - everything here is double the price I'm used to paying, and I live in NYC.
I needed Mitchum deodorant.
$5.99 here!
$2.99 at Bed Bath and Beyond in NYC.
I decided to risk one day and hoped my plane home was cool enough to prevent sweating.
BUT the liquor section is great, and a decent selection of beer/wine.
And way friendly service.
And the awesome woman in the cosmetics section was helpful both times I was looking for something.
That is the ONLY reason I'm giving this place 3 stars.
Price takes it down a notch.

Nice walk-in fridge for beers and spirits.
Expect the typical Vegas Strip markup (or lack of discount) on the alcohol.

Earned 5th star cause they sell Alaska beer brewed  in Juneau sold only in 16 western states + AK.
Even have 3 kinds.
Other Walgreens do not have it.
I got hooked on this beer on a trip but can't buy it on the east coast.
This place is  not your typical drug store, by a long shot.
Alcoholic beverages has to be # Uno best seller.
The sushi awed me!
Also never saw a 3 level Walgreens before.
Sandwiches of course!
Frozen yogurt machines too, of course.
Prices are cheaper than the "Mom & Pop" stores on strip.
It's VEGAS, folks.
All good!!!!!
( 5 times)

***This Walgreens is huge and even upscale; it also has everything you need whether you forgot a travel toiletry or you need snacks or drinks for an impromptu party on The Strip; prices are higher than your typical Walgreens in other cities, but this Walgreens is still much cheaper than buying the same stuff at one of the casino gift shops***  This Walgreens does not have its own free parking lot, but there is plenty of free self and valet parking to be found at the major casinos on The Strip.

So why am I writing a review on a Walgreens?
This isn't your usual Walgreens.
Housed right in the middle (not exact) of the Las Vegas Strip, this Walgreens serves as the only "grocery" within eye's length.
I'm sure there are other options, but this Walgreens stands out with its large sign and optimal location.
This is the go-to place for drinks.
By drinks, I mean soda and water.
The prices are fair, and it's exactly what you need if you don't want to be paying for overpriced sugary drinks.
Now, if you want alcohol, that's a different matter altogether.
This Walgreens has a tendency to overprice just about everything it sells, so buyers beware.
Alcohol was more expensive than even convenience stores, and even candy wasn't affordable.
As mentioned before, if you need your liquids, this is where you stock up before heading to your hotel.
For other snacks, you're better off grabbing to-go at a pizza joint or fast food on the Strip.
TIP: Drinks are fairly priced!

Super convenient  and they carry tons of daily goods that would have been well overpriced elsewhere.

This store was great.
Had excellent souveniers and staff.
Very clean store.
Had everything you would need  from a walgreens back home plus more.
If you need a last minute gift,  come here I did !
Lol

Least sketchiest walgreens, and there is a security guard.
Bought liquor and drinks earlier and now at 3am bought sushi and spring rolls.
Lol!!!
Not bad since I didn't want to wait in line for anything else.
Bought a gallon of water as well.
Best bang for 1.99, and we can all share.
So don't forget to add your member rewards card to get discounts and points back!
Awesome!
Will Be back the next time I'm in Vegas!

