So good!!
Get piña colada, watermelon, or coconut with sweet milk!!!
:)...The people that work there are so kind!

Being from New Orleans I love snowballs.
This was my 1st time here and it is a home run.
They use a southern snow machine and they know how to use it.
The ice was perfect snow consistency.
They had condensed milk which is a must.
Very friendly service and the syrups are good.
On par with snow ono and better than the others.
I will be back soon.

Uh-may-zing!
I am addicted!
They use the greatest ingredients so the snow cones never get watered down!
It's flavorful from beginning to end.
And the staff is super friendly and they are always doing Facebook specials so go 'like' them!
My family and I drive 20 minutes just for these snow cones and it is so, so worth it!

Still getting 5 stars from me!
My family and I come here every Sunday!
Don't see that changing anytime soon!!

Friendly service and cool truck.
We were desperate to cool down with a shaved ice treat and this was the place.
All of us got the small which was enough to satisfy our sweet tooths.
We ordered a coconut which reminded me of suntan lotion & being on vacation, root beer float which is an ultra sweet root beer syrup topped with whipped cream & cherry and vanilla ice cream underneath, the dragons breath which is apple, and tigers blood (strawberry & coconut), then my fave which I'm tempted to go back for another is the Dreamsicle orange flavored ice topped with sweetened condensed milk and vanilla ice cream underneath...my perfect trifecta!
Just a note if you pay by card, there is a $.25 surcharge.
But service is with a smile so it was worth it :)

After Earl and I had a bowl of hot savory ramen at Monta Chaya, we stopped by Frost Bite to get some shaved ice to balance out our taste buds.
Earl got the medium with tiger blood and cucumber lime, topped with condensed milk.
I must say the cucumber lime really tasted like cucumber lime.
Even the smell was like the fruit/gourd itself!
Highly recommend it with condensed milk.
They not only topped it, but the added the condensed milk in the middle of the cup too.
They do not hold back, and we LOVE it.
I had the medium with coconut, tiger blood, and egg custard, with icecream, though, I was kind of disappointed because I was looking forward to the icecream at the bottom, but there was no icecream to be found.
I was probably because initially, I wanted wedding cake flavor, but because I changed it to egg custard, the friendly cashier didn't take down my icecream order.
When I told Earl about my no icecream, he said, "We will go back soon enough for you to have it with icecream.
"  Yes-that's how much Earl enjoys it.
Needless to say, we are fans and will come back for more.

I love this place.
A bit more spendy than what I'm used to, but worth it!
Strawberry shortcake is my favorite.

This is for the one pollock & Pyle.
Great shaved ice lots of flavors to choose from & you can have a bit of ice cream added if you chose so.
Service is a bit slow, but that could have been hot day and parched throat syndrome.
They use just the right amount of syrup on the shaved ice so is not too sugary.
It's very quenching and worth the price.
I've only had the shaved ice alone.
Haven't had anything with the ice cream.
I would hope that it's soft serve.
So can't comment on that.
Certainly enjoyed what I've had thus far.

This place has a ton of flavors and my kids love it!
Don't forget to ask for a punch card so you get the 10th one free.
They have locations all over Vegas

Frost Bite has the BEST snow cones in Vegas.
I recommend the Tigers Blood!
Miranda helped us out & she was awesome!
Great customer service :) We will definitely be back!

Dole Whip Alert!
It's the real deal too.
Just like the one sold at Disneyland.. minus the lines.
You'll find it on the east corner of Green Valley/Horizon Ridge being dished out of the yellow Frost Bite food stand parked at the Chevron gas station property.
The Dole Whip Pineapple soft serve comes in two sizes; small and large and it is served in plastic bowls.
The small size was perfect for me.
It goes for 3.75 the large one for a dollar more.
25 cent fee added though if you use a card to pay.
It's still fairly reasonable portion and price wise.
The other place though  just a couple miles up the street, you can get Dole Whip self serve, sold by weight with no additional fees.
There's also Dole Whip Pineapple Floats and Frost Bite Whips, which is shaved ice topped with Dole Whip Pineapple.
Open late night.. late night meaning till 10pm.
There was no lines when I was there late night during the weekend.
Access to parking spaces is right next to their food stand.
And being it' is a outdoor food stand, there is no seating area and not much shade during the daytime.
Sweet!
Now there's two places in Henderson to get my Dole Whip Pineapple fix.

