Was told they deliver to Nellis Suites.
Too bad I'll never know because no one answered my 6 attempts to call at 5pm.

Was staying at the Howard Johnson across the street, and even got a discount for showing our room key.
Service was nice and prompt and food was tasty.
Typical IHOP food, but instead of going with breakfast, I got a club sandwich and it was delicious!

I'm not a huge fan of IHOP and I've had some shotty experiences at multiple locations across the country.
This one on Craig Road next to the Howard Johnson is alright in my book though.
Service was friendly and the food was not too shabby.
I ordered the chicken and waffles.
It was supposed to come with honey mustard but they brought me ranch dressing.
Whatever.
I don't care much for ranch but I was not going to argue over it.
I don't use much dressing for my chicken anyhow.
My mom ordered the pumpkin pancake combo with hash browns, eggs and bacon.
I was shocked that she finished her plate.
She tends to be a light eater.
Either the food was simply that good or she was absolutely starving.
My step dad got some other combo.
I think I saw pancakes, stuffed french toast, eggs, hash browns and toast.
A total carb fest with a splash of protien.
Whatever he got he enjoyed.
And both my mom and step-dad were happy to see butter pecan syrup on the table.
I used traditional.
I guess I'm boring that way.
When it came to settle the bill the 20% discount for being a Howard Johnson customer was not applied right away.
The staff were quick to admit the error and ready to fix it.
They were even good enough to bring the new receipt to our table having seen my step-dad hobble up to the counter with his bad knee the first time.
For this level of service, IHOP gets all the credit that is due.

My fiancé and I ended up eating here two mornings in a row while staying in the not-so-super Super 8 around the corner.
Okay, not only is it a chain, but it's an IHOP, and yet I'm giving them 5 stars.
Here's why:  + There are a few not-completely-terrible-for-you options with their Simple & Fit Menu.
The Blueberry Harvest Grain 'n Nut Combo clocked in at 440 calories, was delicious, and left me full but not uncomfortable.
+ They offered sugar-free syrup.
I even got a brand-new, still-sealed bottle the first day.
Score!
+ The iced tea was fresh and pretty strong.
I like a good iced tea kick in the pants in the morning to get me going.
+ Even on the Saturday and Sunday mornings we were there, they weren't busy.
+ Service was excellent.
Fast, friendly, considerate, etc.
What more could you want?
Options were limited in the area and our sucky hotel stiffed us on breakfast (coffee and a juice machine do not constitute a continental breakfast, yo), but we actually enjoyed our mornings at the IHOP!
Whudathunk?!
:-)

not happy with the service here at all.
our waitress was ClaudiaA who disappeared and didn't come back for 20 minute increments which led our food to come out cold and 20 minutes apart.
I will not recommend this place to any friends or family visiting in the area.

The manager I believe his name is David was awesome!!
He sat us and took our drink order as soon as we sat down.
I noticed that the employees were great full and happy to have him around because he seems like he really cares about service.
We ordered or meals and He noticed our food wasn't out yet so he went and told us our order was stuck in the machine so he was going to give us a discount for the wait.
We didn't even realize it was taking awhile so when he informed us we were surprised but very happy and great full.
I've never had better service.

