Confessions Of A Groupon Junkie.........
Ok..I Confess,If There Is A 12 Step For This I Might need It!
LOL.
My First Visit To Nikki Nixion(been Twice Now)Was On A Living Social DeaL The Schlep To Scottsdale(For Awesome Deals) Is Tiresome Since Moving To The West Side.
Nikki Is A Diamond In The Rough Out This Way.A True'' Rock Star'' In Skin Peels!!!
Dont Let Her Baby Face Fool Ya..!She Has The Knowledge Of Someone Twice Her Age In Aesthetics.
Easy To Book An Appointment,And Has A  Super Personality Too!
The Thing That Impresses Me The Most Is Her Sincere Concern & Generosity To Help Those With Rosacea,skin pigmentations And Anti Ageing Clients.
She Is The First Person In All My Face Peels(and ive had a few) to offer a post skin care kit in the price and not pressure you to keep spending Money Once you arrive.
Well Nikki,if you see this..Your A Secret No Longer..Save Me A Time Slot At The End Of The Month...!!

I completely disagree with "Chris P." Nikki is completely professional and well-experienced aesthetician.
She is always ready for me when I get to my appointment and greets the next clients as soon aa they arrive.
So, I doubt Chris even had an appointment.
My face and skin looks and feels amazing since I started going to Nikki.
I truly am a customer for life now!

I used Nikki Nixon Aesthetics and enjoyed the service.
She offered me a deal for 4 more microdermabrasions.
I prepaid for the services and have received only one.
Since that time, she continued to reschedule my appointments because of a schedule conflict with her daughters events.
I have called, texted, added messages to her facebook page and she is not responding.
I have also asked for a refund if she couldn't complete the package and she did not respond to that request either.
I would not recommend her.

Nikki did a really great job when I had my services with her.
I purchased a series and had 3 out of 4 facials done.
The last one was horrible trying to get it scheduled.
When I finally go it scheduled she sent me a text the day prior cancelling the appt.
Since that time (about 5 weeks) she has not responded to my texts to either.
I have asked for a refund and have not recieved that either.
Buyer beware!!!

I had great service and my skin looked and felt great after I left.
It went so well I scheduled my next appointment right away and started doing my spray tanning there as well.
I would recommend Nikki Nixon aesthetics to anyone who wants beautiful, healthy looking skin!

