I like this  place!
It's new and close to my house and prices are the same  as they are everwhere else in Summerlin!
The place is new, so clean it was.
Comfy Pedi chairs and nice decore.
I was greeted right away, waited for a nail tech 5min.
Sophie got my chair and tub ready and treated me to 1 of the BEST Pedis I've gotten in a loooong time!
She was sweet,intuitive,informative and Very Professional.
I LOVED the fact that she spoke English and did not go on a full conversation with her coworkers.
I asked for a Regular Pedi and she didn't ask/push for an upgrade!
(which irritates to no end) As long as this girl is there I will go back =)

I've posted a few reviews of nail salons over the past few months.
I think I speak for every woman when I say that you have your beauty "spots" -- your go-to places.
When your friend calls you to ask where she can get a quick mani or a easy bikini wax, you are able to spout off the location of your prized curators of beauty.
Sadly, when you move, it's not so easy to get a handle on those spots.
After moving from my tiny college town to Las Vegas, the search was a hard one.
Tracking down every natural-looking blonde in the grocery store and asking her the very awkward question, "Are you naturally blonde?
No?
Who's your colorist?
" Approaching new friends and asking the even more awkward question, "Where does a girl go for a good Brazilian around here?
"  So, after 6 months in Las Vegas, I was still without a good manicurist.
I've been to the fancy places.
I've been to the whole-in-the-walls.
It seemed I would never ever find a cheap and fast manicure that was worth my money and time.
After getting a new apartment in Summerlin, I found I had a great new shopping center just a block away.
Restaurants, beautiful grocery, my bank--it was a great suprise.
I notice one day as I was redboxing a movie that it also had a new nail shop.
I finally decided to give it a try after a rough week.
What a heavenly little nail salon.
Massage chairs that will have you ooing and ahhing.
It was clean and decorated very cute.
My manicurist let me relax, but kept lovely conversation when it was appropriate.
I could tell everyone was done and ready to go home, but she refused to rush my gel mani and regular pedi.
She did a great job and will now be my go-to girl!
A great experience for the easy price tag of $65 bucks -- so much better than the 100 bucks I shelled out for a less impressive manic pedi at Red Rock Nails.
Can't wait to go back!

Was not impressed, the tech didnt speak English at all.
My acrylics looked okay, a lot of little mistakes though.
Pedi cure was terrible she was extremely rough and sanded off some of my skin.
Won't be going back, prices were decent though.

I've gone here three times now, the most I've had to wait is ten minutes.
All three times has been when my son didn't have School so he comes with me and plays on his tablet.
All the technicians are so nice and every girl I have seen is talented and thorough.
Spa pedis are heaven here.
I find the prices to be super reasonable for the quality of the work and time spent on me.
Right around the corner from my home, I will definitely be back.
Free wifi, super clean and modern spa chairs.
I saw a review about some of the women having limited English, I haven't found this to be true at all and I'm not entirely sure I have ever been to a nail salon where English wasn't the second language.

pros: clean facility newer chairs for pedi's  I was able to get in for a pedi and mani in under ten minutes Cons: my feet were not scrubbed as well as they should have been for a pedicure the manicure was also nothing to write home about the thing that really irritated me was the person doing my nails would stop to check his phone every couple of minutes and was sitting there texting while my nails were drying.
I understand being bored and texting while your not doing anything super important, sure, but its not very professional to do right in front of a customer.
It didnt help that his coworker brought his lunch out to his nail station, put his feet up, and ate right there in the middle of the shop

First time here.
Would return.
Vanessa was lovely.

I have been trying desperately to find someone who can do acrylics that don't discolor, don't lift, are thin & are natural-looking.
The first time I went in, Heather wanted to do a full set because she said I had some bad acrylic.
Desperately hoping that was the problem w/ the previous salons I had visited, I agreed.
I will give her credit, she was very gentle w/popping them off.
When done, they were ok/not great & it was very expensive!
I thought maybe it would just take some getting used to each other so I went back in for a fill ($55!!
) & this trip was worse!!
Within 2 days the edges were starting to lift & by the time I was due to go back in, ALL were lifting on the edges.
Also, the gel started to flake off & because she hadn't gotten the acrylic over my entire nail down the sides, my natural nails were fraying & snagging....VERY bad nail scene.
The salon is nice & clean but for the price & crappy job I won't go back.

I've been only coming to Frenchies nails for a short time now, only reason is Heather.
Heather ended up selling her salon to two partners due to the economy and a bad location'.
The drive for me is a little further away from my house but it's worth it I would follow Heather wherever she goes very happy with her work heather is very professional consistent does an awesome job on my acrylic nails and my pedicures I've lived in Vegas for 25 years getting my nails done from people all around town but never stuck with a nail tech for very long, they always disappointed me after while getting too comfortable and started slacking on the work.
I've been with Heather for 5 years now that's record for me because she is consistent and always listens to my needs.
I've watched her with other customers and all her regulars Heather takes pride in her work consistent and friendly with everyone if you want to make sure you see Heather call for an appointment she has a lot of regulars I totally recommend Heather at Frenchies the place is very clean and all the ladies there are friendly and greet you as you walk in:-)

Heather - Love you Heather!
Just moved to LV area; had tried a few salons (rude, rushed, overpriced, poor quality).
Heather met and exceeded my standard for excellence, customer service and care.
Had the best pedi I have had in months.
Thank you Heather, for providing me great, personable service.
I appreciate it very much.

Heather gets it done.
My calluses can be a bear to work with, and I find that more times than not, the massages at other places can be half assed.
However, I was impressed with Heather's very thorough scrubbing of my calluses and firm foot and leg massage.
The decor is typical and clean.
The other staff seem pretty friendly, though I did feel 'barked' at upon arriving and had to wait about 35 minutes past my appointment time.
Conclusion:  If you're looking for someone to give you a good pedicure with a smile, Heather is your lady.

I have been going to this nail salon since the first week they opened.
I have never had much of a wait, maybe 15 minutes when there are two of us wanting seats side by side for the mani-pedi appt.
This place has spoiled me.
I am at my "vacation" home in Summerlin almost every weekend.
I am in the Antelope Valley area of California working during the week and will not even consider having my nails done anywhere else.
I had been to other nail places in LV and this one seems special.
The staff's main attention is on their customer, not alot of foreign chatter between employees that can make me, the customer, uneasy.
I've met John, Anna, Heather, (not sure of the spelling) V V, and then there is my number one favorite girl... my Lisa.
She is very thorough and gentle and seems to take pride in her work.
She removed the 3 layers of green and blue glitter polish from my nails with no effort at all.
LOL  Seriously THIS IS THE PLACE.
Good work, fair prices, clean and happy environment.
Lisa calls  me "Glitter Girl".

I was very happy to be able to drop in without an appointment and be taken right away.
The lady that did my pedicure was very gentle and did a nice job.
However, the selection of colors was a bit more limited than the last two nail salons I have tried.
And now, less than 24 hours after my visit, one of my nails has already chipped.
That is a first and not at all expected.

Rude.
Rude.
Rude.
Too bad, because its a nice place.
But I can't get over how rude they were.
Especially the loud mouth girl with the long hair..Lisa I think?
My mother in law and I walked in to get a pedi and mani.
They said right away that they could only see one of us.
I let my mother in law go since she was here on vacation.
They set her up for her pedi.
At the same time another girl walked in and request services.
An older lady in the front told the girl who was just about to work on my mother in law, to help "the blonde girl" first.
Meanwhile the lady in the front also kept telling the other girls not to take me because they only had room for one.
It was already established that I would not be getting anything done!
Once they took the other girl before my mother in law (she was already in the water!
) , I grabbed her and we walked out!
Never will I go back there!

Really unsanitary.
They used toe clippers to clip the calluses off my heels.
Seriously?
When I first started my pedicure they had my feet in cold water and I had to ask them twice to make the water warm.
They passed back and forth the pumice stone between customers to scrub their clients' feet.
AND I had an appointment at noon but still waited until 12:35. horrible horrible horrible dont come here

Nice, clean, friendly.
My nails and toes looked really nice when I left.
I saw Heather.
She was very friendly and gave a great massage with the pedi.
I'm a little dissatisfied that two days later, my gel manicure and my pedicure started chipping.
Rarely has a pedicure ever chipped on me, and a gel mani has never.
Until now.
Nice experience at the time, but disappointed a few days later.

I just moved to Las Vegas in June and have been trying out different nail salons and Frenchie Nails is the BEST!
I got a gel manicure and if that's what you need, definitely go see Lisa!
She was so sweet and really knows what she's doing.
My nails have never looked better!
Thank you Lisa!!!!

I agree with Ashley S., these people are RUDE!
I've been here on three separate occasions and each time the staff has been completely rude to me for no reason what-so-ever.
They almost make you feel like you are doing them a service by going and spending your money there.
I would highly recommend going somewhere else in the area where they actually treat their customers with respect.

I had read some of the other reviews and decided to be optimistic as many of them said the staff were rude.
As my boyfriend and I walked in we were greeted with blank stares and avoidance.
Then after offering up we'd like pedicures, we were told they only had room for one (very similar to Ashley S review).
Room for one?
They had all but one chair open and plenty of techs free- not a great way to do business.
We walked out and will not be going back!

I was able to be seen right away with no wait.
The shop seemed clean enough, but didn't seem to have as wide a selection of polish colors as some other places.
I just got a polish change, which included having my toenails clipped, filed, and buffed for the $12 fee.
There were flat screen tvs around the shop, which was a nice and interesting touch.
Oddly, many of the technicians were dressed as if they were going to a nightclub.
Of course, I smudged my polish right afterward, but that's no one's fault but my own!

Horrible !!
I had my doubts when I called to make an appointment at Frenchie's, but it's right around the corner from where I live, and I wanted to go someplace close since it was going to be a busy day.
(You know how it is...work full time and need to spend your day off running errands.
) OK--the woman that answered the phone had only a minimal grasp of the English language...no surprise there.
But she was rude.
When I asked her who would be doing my nails she replied, "anybody".
So I went this morning for my manicure at 1030am as scheduled.
When I walked in every seat was full.
An employee came over to me and I said I had an appointment.
She asked me to point to my phone number in their appointment book.
There was only one other appointment on the whole page besides mine.
But she said they were full and I would have to wait about 30 minutes.
What's the point of making an appointment if they take a bunch of walk-ins and don't leave anyone available for the appointment?
I walked out.
Will never go there again.

They put gel on my cuticles both hands n toes.
Eyebrows were way too thin.
I will never go back here.
It's not the ladies themselves because they were kind but they must be blind.
This has happened before at other places.
Lacquer, polish, acrylic etc don't belong on cuticles.

I would recommend this place for a fantastic mani and pedi.

