Overpriced and food wasn't good!
It was a wild place with all the going on with the employees dressing up going around giving free shots etc., but food was bad and pricey!

Do not get the BBQ ribs.
Lousy at best.
Even the corn on the cob sucked, and the fries were stale.
The "bartenders" were nothing but kids goofing off juggling cups and bottles.
Didn't even have Bohemia beer and charged me $35 for a shot of 1842.
Oh yeah, and $5 for a bag of chips and salsa.
What a joke...

Margaritas suck, but it is an entertaining place.
you can do better in vegas.

Went right after work to get some drinks.
We ordered 3 beers and some food.
The food took about 20 minutes for a sandwich and they were not busy.
A couple rounds later we were wondering where our server was because he hadn't been to our table for about 30 or more minutes.
He FINALLY came by ad said his shift was ending.
She since we work in service industry we offered to close out with him and ordered another round from the new server.
We never saw our 1st server again.
We waited 20 minutes and asked where our beers were.
He said I will be right back with them...what kind of beers are you drinking again(we had a few empty bottles of the same beer on the table already).
Ordered the same beer again and waited for another 30 minutes.
Finally once we got our beers we closed out.
$95 tab..which is expected for the strip but with THAT service it should have been comped.
We then went to the bar which was a great experience.
So if you want to get decent service go to the bar......but needless to say I don't want to go back.

A Mexican restaurant that can't make good beans should have you running for the door.
If possible, this place would receive negative stars.
The service was far from great.
The food was mediocre at best.
The salad wasn't fresh (found a limpy brown piece).
They weren't busy at all yet they failed to send someone to our table to make the guacamole as described in the menu.
The BBQ chicken was served cold; when told the chicken was cold, they merely heated up the same piece.
(My food [chimichanga] was also not so hot, but instead of telling them I just stopped eating because it wasn't that good anyway) Oh, and one of the plates were dirty.
My hunni was immensely disappointed :( We felt a bit deceived because the hostess that showed us to our table was nice and friendly but I guess customer service doesn't reflect the quality of food.
All in all, $60 at Carlos & Charlies = a crappy meal.
We had to make up for it by eating a wonderful dinner, so we went to Olives, at the Bellagio, which was delish!
Review coming soon :)

I would give this place NO stars if I could.
Went there for lunch with a friend when we were craving mexican cantina food (hoping it would be like paradise cantina).
At around 11:45am it was still pretty empty so we were seated quickly and the server came over and took our drink order.
He asked if he could sit down a few times which I thought was totally inappropriate seeing as he interrupted our conversation to ask.
I was initially craving a taco salad of some sort but the only dressings they had to offer were Caesar and Italian.
I was hoping for a more south of the border salad so I chose the chicken enchiladas (who doesn't love rice and beans and sauce!!
) my friend ordered a chicken sandwich and fries.
Our server told us that he didn't like our choices and tried to push us toward other (more pricy and larger dinner entree style) options.
We explained why we chose what we chose and our food was delivered to us within 5 min.
I'm not usually one to be negative about quick service but 5 min seemed a little microwaved or pre-cooked and warmed up to me.
Regardless we thanked them for the quick service.
We the dishes were put down in front of us my friends chicken sandwich looked good.
Hot, crisp but thick french fries and a juicy chicken filet.
My chicken enchiladas however were topped with a red sauce that tasted like a pizza sauce or thin marinara and then melted over everything was SWIS CHEESE.
WTF?!?!
I had my friend taste everything just to be sure I wasn't losing my mind and sure enough....italian red sauce and swiss cheese covered my enchiladas.
SO WEIRD!!
Needless to say I eat much of the enchiladas and was looking forward to the rice and beans but even they were "rice a roni" style spanish rice and the beans weren't fresh or very good either.
SO GROSS!!!
The busier was quick to clear our plates but that was when the quickness stopped.
The restaurant was no busier than when we arrived but we had to wait 45 minutes for the server to bring us the check and another 20 minutes for his to run our credit cards.
He about disappeared a few times.
I think it's really sad when it takes only 5 minutes from ordering our food to receiving our food and then an hour to pay the check?!
COME ON FLAMINGO....UP YOUR GAME HERE.
THE PRICES ARE WAY TO HIGH AND THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE AND THE SERVICE WASN'T REALLY THERE.

Exceptionally fun place.
I ordered the Charlie's Tacos.
It was very flavorful especially with the melted cheese!!
The atmosphere was lively.
The staff was full of personality & engaging.
Big food portions, big drinks, mixed with group/line dancing and birthday surprises was the highlight of the night!

Don't judge this place right away because it's in the Flamingo hotel...
The environment they created is amazing..
Loud music & nothing but smiles all around...
They put on a show every half an hour which you are able to join... & it's kid friendly...
I had the Parmesan & Swiss chicken on potatoes which was SO delicious.

I was so upset with this restaurant.
I came here with my sisters for a later dinner and there were maybe 2 other tables with people seated and a few people at the bar.
When we walked in, we asked if they were still serving dinner and we were told yes.
We sat down any where we wanted and it took 10 min just to receive a menu.
After looking at the menu, everything was over priced.
We decided to stay to grab something simple, and there were two servers standing in front of our table arguing that neither of them wanted to take our table.
WHAT!?
We could literally hear them, and instead of one of them deciding to help us, they both just walked away and we were never helped!!
We got up and left immediately.
I couldn't believe the service at this place.
Glad we didn't spend any money there because they do not deserve it!

At the prices they charge, you expect a certain standard.
That doesn't mean brown week-old lettuce.
The food quality was awful.
And "fresh guacamole"?
I don't think so.
Dreadful.

The food was seriously gross AND way overpriced.
I am a pretty shitty cook, and I honest to god could have made better tacos.
Plus, as we all know, a day of drinking can make somewhat questionable fare (Del Taco) taste like ambrosia of the gods - and yet, 10 beers deep, the food still tasted disgusting.
Cold meat/no salsa on the tacos, wilted lettuce & canned corn on the salad, and to top it off a $60 check??
I think not, sir.
Spend your money on "manbuckets" of Coors Light at the flamingo pool ($48 for 12 beers, hayyyy).

After laying poolside for a few hours and out a couple of 'Jacksons', the wife and I decided to stop by here for their 2 for 1 Margaritas.
Figuring the margaritas have to be decent since they were blended, we sat down and ordered a round of strawberry margaritas.
We are thinking...cool...2 margaritas, $12 (with tip), sitting outside on a patio overlooking the Flamingo grounds...not bad right?
Wrong!
Let me tell you.
I tended bar p/t when I lived in Chicago (downtown not suburbia) so I know how to make a lot of drinks...well...including garnish (which don't get me going on most bartenders in today's bars that don't know a garnish from their a$$hole) and make them quickly.
The bartender was friendly.
Got us our drinks quickly, then dropped the bill and left.
First thing I notice...no lime....uhh..it's a margarita...anyone knows margaritas get limes.
So I wait for the bartender...for like 2 minutes.
Finally I stand up, walk over to the bar and reach over and grab 2 lime wedges from the garnish rack.
Place one lime in each of our drinks.
Cheers to a nice holiday...proceed to drink.
I downed a good sip thinking it would be good.
It wasn't...the most sour, bitter drink.
But not wanting to 1) make a scene and 2) get all worked up because we were on holiday afterall, we decide to leave and take our drinks with us thinking we would finish them given the heat and all.
Well...a couple of hotels later (as we walk along the strip) - we end up throwing them away.
What a sin...in sin-city.
The food looked decent and the prices fair - which is the only reason I am not giving the place a 1-star.
So in all honesty...probably closer to 1 1/2 stars.
Avoid the margaritas at all cost.
The Nachos looked good.

The drinks were tasty.
The quesadilla was a bit light on the meat that was supposed to be in it.
The atmosphere was party like and fun but the incessant whistle blowing by the bartenders was grating.

The food is absolutely horrible and cold.
The only thing I ate that was decent was my cup of tortilla soup but even then it was more tortilla strips than soup.
I ordered the Charlie's chimichanga and I swear to you they used a frozen chimichanga and flash fried it.
It was luke warm inside with grisly bits of meat.
Disgusting!
I couldn't even eat it.
For $15 you would expect decent quality.
I live in la and can get the same meal fresh for no more than $10.
Hell I make my own baked version that tastes better than this crap.
The beans were tasteless and less than a spoonful on the plate.
The rice looked and tasted like it came from box.
I've eaten at some not so authentic Mexican restaunts and none can compare to this bastardization of what they call Mexican food.
Do not go here.
They're regular margaritas was horrible as well.
We threw our drinks away and neither of us finished our meal.
Also, what Mexican restaurant charges for chips and salsa?
Stay away, far, far away.

3 stars for the food, it was good enough.
1 star for the underhanded pricing schemes and crappy overpriced margarita's.
Beware everything is an extra charge: cheese, guacamole, chips and salsa.
They will not inform you of these extra charges up front but they will offer them to you as if they are free.
The surprise comes when you get the bill.
I think they are trying to be another Senior Frogs with loud music and servers who break out into line dances occasionally.
Avoid this place, it's lame.

Came here with a nostalgiac mindset.
I've spent quite a bit of time in CNC's while working in the Caribbean.
While this does not compare, it's still a good time.
It reminds me of a Mexican themed SaddleRanch.
Worth a visit.
Had an order of guac, and cheese dip.
Both were pretty good.
Also had margeritas at happy hour.
If not for the HH pricing, it would have seemed to pricey for what you're getting.
But there's definitely a quality for having outdoor space to hang out at during the evening.

First let me say that I am not a picky eater but yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.
I paid $17 for fish tacos that were nothing more than a fish stick fried for WAY too long topped with some orange ranch type sauce on flour tortillas, oh the humanity!
I didn't even get any mediocre rice or beans with my entree.
Chips and salsa were $6!
Who pays for chips and salsa at a Mexican place?
Overpriced is an understatement.
The servers tried to do a dance.
It was waaaaay too long and repetitive, I wanted to scream out "Please stop, can't you see they aren't having fun?
Put them out of their misery!
"   The only cool thing was the bartenders.
They were very talented.
I am uber clumsy so when I see people throwing things and catching them too, my mind pretty much gets blown.
Doesn't take much, I guess.
Those poor men should find another place of employment however, because unless Carlos and Charlie's changes the foods quality, I don't see them lasting as a Vegas establishment.
Eat ANYWHERE but here.

HORRIBLE SERVICE!
If I really got into what happened here I would be writing for hours, pretty much they were understaffed so the manager brought free chips and salsa to everyone, I asked for no onions on my tacos, it took 30 min to get new tacos, might I mention I got the wrong tacos when they brought them.
My friends food was cold, oh and they comped my food cause they felt bad....
It was ridiculous  never going back

AWFUL!!
They used cheese whiz for the nacho's, the steak was chewy, and the drinks were water down.
One member in our party went into the bathroom to make himself puke after dinner.

This place doesn't even deserve the one star.
I should've known better and saved my friends and I from eating here when I was about to check in on my phone but we were hungry and wanted to eat ASAP.
First off, horrible service!
My friend specifically asked for something to be not on her food and they messed up the order!
When my food came it was freezing cold.
I never complain about food being cold but honestly, my food felt as though it was placed in the fridge for an hour so I sent back my food to get reheated.
I could tell it was reheated and just sat there before it was served to me again because the tortillas for my tacos were dry and crunchy yet the meat was still cold!
I didn't wanna waste anymore time here so I decided to shut up and just eat the horrible quality meat.
The chorizo was okay, but the chicken tasted fake to me, yuck.
Mind you our food took forever to come out!
The manager was kind enough to give us free chips and salsa... guess I'll give the one star to the manager.
Other than that, this place needs to seriously work on management and food quality.
Oh yeah, all of our waters were empty for a good 20-35 minutes and nobody came by to refill our drinks so I literally got up and found a pitcher of water and refilled all of our drinks.
Customers shouldn't be doing that!

We really got duped!
It's hard for me to imagine worse food than the garbage this place is dishing out.
The service was also pretty lackluster, and the atmosphere made me feel kinda sad.
I understand I'm going to pay a lot more for a meal because of where I am, but I expect an attempt at quality.
Whoever is responsible for this is a true scam artist.

Don't come here for the Mexican food.
Don't come here for the awesome service.
DO come here for a rollicking good time.
My sweetie pop and I had a Groupon, and we both LOVE Mexican food, so we decided to stop by after seeing the 4pm comedy magic show with Nathan Burton.
We sat out on the patio near the outdoor bar.
The first thing I noticed about the menu is that this place is EXPENSIVE!
Our server--Britany--was exceptionally adorable.
She seemed genuinely helpful and wanted to ensure that our meal was done correctly, but she was quite "green" as a server.
We placed our order for an entree salad as our appetizer and our food order at the same time.
By the time we had taken 3 bites from our GINORMOUS salad the food runner came out with our plates.
I protested and let him know (wasn't it obvious?!
) that we hadn't even begun to finish our salad .
He said he would bring the food back later, and he came back not more than 5 minutes later and tried to server our plates again.
Really?!
Yeah, we were still eating the salad, he could see that, but he still looked bewildered as to why we didn't want our entrees at that point in time.
So, finally,  another lady brings out our food, and lo!
I behold the world's smallest $15 chicken burrito!
Egad, I asked for a "wet" burrito, and they put the sauce on the bottom of the plate.
Hmm, since when did wet plate = wet burrito?
I'll never know.
Sweetie Pop ate the chicken enchiladas with a combination of the red and the green sauce.
Salsa verde is my favorite, but theirs isn't done well here.
The red sauce was much better: spicy and delicious.
I've NEVER been hungry after eating an entree sized burrito, but my tiny little chicken burrito was downright pathetic.
Who puts CUBED chicken in a burrito anyway?
Carlos and Charlie's does.
We were attended by a number of servers, the manager and food runners.
However, when we asked the same genius (insert sarcasm here:_____________) who kept bringing our food out prematurely for some water with lemons, he proceeded to bring out one glass of water and a saucer with exactly ONE, according to Sweetie Pop,  "sad, sorry, sucked on lemon" on it.
Britney promptly corrected his error (after all there were TWO of us, so why not bring each of us  some water and lemons?
) and she apologized for the series of food service mishaps.
Ultimately, I would recommend this place for the giant nachos (I saw them on someone else's table)  and the beverages.
Thursday is Ladies Night, and ladies get all you can drink frozen margaritas.
Bonus!
After dinner we danced to the few line dances, and had a good time before calling it a night.
Carlos and Charlie's is a place for fun, not food!
Those nachos looked pretty exciting though, and as my girlfriend once told me, "It's hard to F**K up nachos.
" Too true.
p.s.
Contrary to the sign on the way into the building advertising Carlos and Charlie's their happy hour has NOT been "extended until further notice.
" It only goes until 6pm...Another disappointment since we arrived at 6:04pm.
*sigh*

I never write reviews, especially after I've gotten home from my trip, but this restaurant compelled me to.
It's horrible.
Don't eat here.
I should've checked yelp before we did because it is disgusting food and poor service.
I mean, I'm sure if you're there just to drink, it's probably fine, but that's where it ends.
The enchiladas were VERY bad.
Tasted like canned sauce.
The rice tasted like the kind you get in a bag from the grocery and microwave.
Not even close to being "authentic" mexican food.
Just a joke.
My friends food was half cooked, half wet.
Yeah, gross.
The Coke machine was flat and when I asked for another, I never got it.
We waited 15 minutes and then finally just told them to forget it.
Again, DO NOT EAT HERE.

If we weren't staying at the Flamingo, I don't think we would have gone to this place.
Nothing good, nothing bad, but the chain could have been plopped into Minneapolis or South Dakota.
Typical Mexican chain and everything had that corporate taste.
I suppose most go for the showboating by the bartenders, but there just was not anything memorable about my meal.

I was really disappointed after seeing such great reviews on Groupon.
This was one of the worst restaurant experiences and food I have had in Vegas.
I think Groupon needs to educate their vendors on the reason why people by groupons...to save money...NOT so that we will "get a free meal" by not spending more then the groupon amount.
They have a good atmosphere, almost like a college bar, its fun, loud music and people pouring shots.
But the food is terrible.
Cold chicken and steak, like its been sitting in the back all day (worse than then chicken cubes soaking in broth at Subway) The food was just bland, no flavor or spice.
My tacos came with a "side" of beans.
The side was a one ounce cup filled with an over salted pile of mush.
Luckily I didn't get the side of rice or guacamole that was suggested, everything was $2 or more extra.
Also, what Mexican restaurant makes you pay for chips and salsa!?!?
On top of the terrible food, our server just hassled us all night about the Groupon.
We spent only 38$ since the food was so bad I couldn't bring myself to try the "delicious" dessert suggested by the waitress who also suggested the "amazing" beans.
Since we only spend $38 and the Groupon was for $40 the waitress made a huge deal and said we had to order more.
Then she said 'well treat me right and I can get my manager to maybe over ride it.
Even though that means you are getting your meal for free"  WTF!!!
Who is getting a free meal??
We BOUGHT a groupon!!!!
She told us at least 5 times to tip her well because she got us a free meal.
I was so angry that we even left her any tip, I would have rather spent that tip money on a slot machine.
Please do yourself a favor and don't go here

Its pretty hard to mess up mexican food, but Carlos and Charlies managed to do it.
We ordered and appetizer of guacamole.
However the meal arrived before the appetizer did, so we sent it back and asked for the appetizer to be serve.
The guacamole was actually pretty good.
However it appears that they just took our entrees that they served us before the appetizer and just warmed them back up after 20 minutes.
The ceasars salad was sooggy and the chicken quesidilla was just plain old.
The food is overpriced to begin with so thank god we had a groupon.
If you want a great mexican dinner at a reasonable price go to Mi Casa in the Silverton Hotel!

We stayed at the flamingo hotel, which is awesome, but we were hungry and this place was inside and convenient.
Saw all the negative reviews but said what the hell we'll try it.
TERRIBLE MISTAKE.
This place absolutely sucks.
I ordered Tacos for $17.00.
I figured it would come with rice and beans, ITS A MEXICAN RESTAURANT.
Got 3 tacos, thats it, nothing else.
I could have gone to taco bell and got more food.
And on top of that, my fiance ordered a cheese quesadilla, the dumbass waiter brought out steak.
We told him he had made a mistake but we'll take it anyway because we were hungry.
He charged us for steak.
But what drove me crazy is the drink prices, my god what a f'n ripoff.
I realize its vegas but im not buying a large pitcher for $39.00.
And if that waiter still works there, hes a total idiot.
Kept on asking why we weren't drinking and was getting annoyed with us.
Im assuming its because they get a commission for drink sales.
$44 for 3 tacos, a cheese quesadilla, and water.
If i could rate no stars i would.
THIS PLACE SUCKS, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.

I go to all of the Harrah's properties USA wide.
This Mexican cookery is BEYOND TERRIBLE!
It is nothing but a swirl job to hook you in and charge to double for all items.
Here's how much it is a real Mexican restaurant.
I asked for some "hot sauce" and they brought me "some from the back that they make up for the employee's" They DO NOT HAVE any hot sauce on the table besides some bottles stuff that we all can buy in a store..???
ZERO!
They DO NOT have ANY hot sauce for their customers!!
The salsa and chips that they charge you for,  I think $5.00 (not free) the salsa looks as plain as "stewed tomatoes" give me a break!!
It is a COMPLETE JOKE of over priced Mexican food that does NOT even come up to Taco Bell standards!!
HONESTLY!!
Never again!!
A COMPLETE JOKE in ever aspect!!
Here is the summary's you want some food that resembles Mexican food that is BLAND and you feel like paying $12.00 for a $5.00 burrito then go here!
gOING TO taco bell is more spicy, exciting and fullfilling that this place!
Food for people in a REST HOME!
I live in Cali and the TACO TRUCKS taste better that this $H!T....!

I don't know what people are complaining about.....
This is pretty awesome for bar food.
Ceviche and guacamole are both very yummy.
Service is friendly, there's good music, and entertainment.
At one point the bartenders put on a show and gave out free shots.
I just don't get the reviews at all!

Food was lousy and  extremely over priced.
Service was sub par at best.
Just hope the food doesn't get any of us sick.....

I really can't add anything that hasn't already been said.
Save yourself a lot of $$ and DO NOT go here unless you already purchased a Groupon.
In that case use the Groupon and then ask for a refund because the food is THAT BAD.
The food is also way over priced.
Lethal combo in my book.
The service was OK, but not great by any means.

I can't believe I failed to write my review so long ago!
The memories still leave me shuddering... bleh.
This place suuuucks.
Food, service, prices, everything!
The colorful, "chaotic" decor was what brought my friends, husband and I in on one not-yet-drunken afternoon for lack of more variety of places to eat in our hotel, and we were starving.
I immediately Yelped and was pretty terrified to eat here.
I mean really, I think a restaurant actually has to work at it to get so many incredibly low ratings.
Once seated we ordered one of those massive margaritas which my girlfriends shared (such a waste of money; the cup is shaped like a fatty goblet but is really hollowed out like a wine flute inside.. bye bye $$$).
I ordered what seemed to be the safest thing on the menu - a cheese quesadilla with guacamole ($11.90 + 2.00 for guac... this thing better be gourmet!).
I can't remember what everyone else ordered but they all seemed to shoot for "safer" options as well.
My top-dollar quesadilla, which was really just a couple flour tortillas with melted shredded cheese in between, arrived with no guac.
I tried to flag our waitress down but she completely ignored us after our food was delivered.
Then we tried to flag her down again for another round of waters.
Ignore, ignore, ignore - we got the attention of a busboy who said he'd tell her but she still never came.
Then they turned on that hokey cha cha slide song and tried to get everyone up, servers and patrons, to dance.
Our waitress amazingly reappeared to try and drag me to dance and I kindly refused and asked, "can I just get a water please??
" She ignored me and went to dance.
I honestly could not believe her!
In the end we never got waters, I never got guac (and she attempted to charge me for it), and our waitress "split the bill" between me and my friends but charged some of their expensive margarita onto mine.
When I pointed out the error she said I was wrong, and the bill was just fine.
I was done fighting with her so we paid and left NO tip.
I can count less than five times in my life I've done that but in this case it was well-deserved.
We will NEVER go back

I'm giving 4 stars based on exemplary service, pretty good margaritas (2 for 1 during happy hour!
), and table-side guacamole.
There were about 10 of us (started with 5, we kept growing over the afternoon), our servers were fun and friendly.
We had a blast!
Great outdoor people watching and good margaritas!

3 stars based only on the food because the service here really leaves something to be desired.
I ate here twice during the week I was in Vegas because we had two Groupons to use among our group.
Food was quite tasty but they have very little on the menu that is vegetarian friendly.
How a Mexican restaurant doesn't have veggie fajitas or bean burritos or the like is beyond me.
They did have a great ensalada with apples, goat cheese, and walnuts but that doesn't scream Mexican to me.
In any case, it was good enough to eat twice.
The appetizer nachos were decent as was the tableside guac.
Both times we ate here everyone liked what they ordered.
They have 2 for 1 margaritas during happy hour as well as half price Smirmoff martinis for Thursday ladies night.
The ambiance is fun and the servers are upbeat and friendly when you can find them.
Expect a long wait for drinks, food, refills, the bill....  Prices are a little high but you can expect that seeing as it's Vegas.
You do save a little if you are a Total Rewards member.
Worth eating at if you are staying at the Flamingo and don't mind slow service.

Such bland food!
The nachos were soggy because they were dripping with refried beans and cheese sauce.
Speaking of cheese sauce, why would you have cheese sauce and then melt cheese on top like normal nachos?
We added chicken to the nachos, what we received was about a 1/3 of a chicken breast that had no flavor.
In addition, the waiter could not understand that we were only there to have a snack and just wanted to share appetizers - so annoying.

If you were a fan of the Carlos' n Charlie's on Sunset, fuggedabout this joint, it sucks!
While the waiter was charming and handsome as all get out, not even his beautiful smile could make up for the fact that those in the kitchen could not cook worth a damn!
There is no  one in that kitchen worthy of being called a chef!
They did not even put all of the ingredients in the dish!
I guess I was not supposed to notice there was no Chorizo in my Quesadilla, Really?
Not everyone that visits Vegas is from Podunk!
The margarita was good.
The end!

My husband and I wanted to try new restaurant and we ordered chicken chimichanga.
It was didn't taste good at all, it was so bland and and the the service was very slow...!
The waitress hardly came around...!
Nahhhh!

Food was Just ok, place was packed and service slow.
Expensive for what you get.
It was a great patio and the staff was very friendly.
There are just so many better options in Las Vegas.
Lunch for three was 100 bucks, ok, half of that was booze.

Patio is great.
Service was slow but it was Jimmy Buffett weekend.
Not sure that made a difference.
Shrimp tacos were to die for.
A little pricey but I don't spend a lot of time in Vegas and don't  know how it stacks up to other places.
Highly recommend the tacos though.. Hopefully next time service will be better.

I always have a handful of groupons when I go to Vegas to save money and try new places.
I regret buying this one.
First of all, this is Mexican food you would find in the Midwest.
So gross.
Just because you put sauce and peppers on everything doesn't make it Mexican food.
We had 4 different servers helping us.
One came to the table and said "what do you want" Uhhhh ok. Then we paid extra for the guacamole and it was not made fresh at our table.
It was frozen and tasted like water.
The food was way over priced even for the vegas strip.
Who wants to pay $16 for a tiny gross burrito?!
And to top it off after being left disappointed and hungry we had to wait 20 minutes for the bill.
I love the flamingo hotel and they needed a younger place like this but they missed the mark this time.

Myself, wife and 2 friends arrived at the Flamingo and checked in at 8.00pm and decided to eat at Carlos and Charlies, as it was convenient and we did not want to travel far - What a mistake........!
The restaurant was not busy and the service was still terrible, to start they managed to screw up a simple drinks order, even the beers were wrong !
The waiter then returned with the correct drinks and the beers were only filled up to where we had taken a drink from.....They could not even fill them up and at $17.50 for each beer, I think they are the most expensive on the strip !
Food was trerrible and a poor excuse for Mexican.
We originally lived in Austin and this is nothing like Carlos and Charlies at Lake Travis, or they would have been out of business long ago !
Very expensive, poor food and no atmosphere - do yourself a favor and steer clear.
There is much better available (almost all is better than this !

WISH I COULD GIVE NO STARS!
The worst place EVER.
HORRIBLE.
TERRIBLE.
RUN TO A DIFFERENT RESTAURANT.
(Margaritaville if possible!!
)  We ate here on a Wednesday.
They are located at the Flamingo on the Las Vegas Strip.
We had a Groupon.
We initially contacted the restaurant on Tuesday night, at 10:30 PM and were told the restaurant closed at 2 AM, I checked their website on the Flamingo website and same thing- it was open until the "wee hours".
PERFECT.
We are STARVING!
We drive over to the Flamingo, park and walk over to the restaurant.
It looks empty, except for a few individuals at the bar.
We walk in and the bartender bluntly says they are closed and the kitchen is closed and cannot serve us.
No "I'm sorry".
No "We open at xxx tomorrow and close at xxx".
NOTHING.
Jerk.
Well we decide to give them a try the NEXT day.
Same guy, didn't remember us, fine.
Whatever.
We sit down, I order a drink and my boyfriend orders a water for the mean time while he looks over the menu.
They had a special, 2 Rolling Rocks for $7.
Not bad- he goes with that.
We chit-chat, look over the menu, chit-chat some more, give our order.
My boyfriend orders Street Tacos with guacamole at a whopping $2-3 more and I order the Fish Tacos, no guar.
Here comes our order... three street tacos and guac on a plate and three fish tacos.
The Street Tacos were good, but for $15, plus the price of the guac, and NO rice or beans to accompany them, sorry!
Those should be much less.
Yes, I understand it IS Las Vegas, BUT geez louise- don't go all out on the price if you are not adding anything to accompany the tacos!
My fish tacos were hard!
VERY HARD!
Was I unhappy.
The breading was much bigger than the actual piece of fish.
I'll finish this off on a good note.. just kidding.. BAD NOTE!
Not once did the lazy bartender ever come to see how our food was.
There were two bartenders at the bar, one had about two or three groups and our bartender only had us to wait on.
The other bartender was constantly making drinks for the tables, conversating with the other guests/customers.
Ours was just there with a lame straight face on.
So uncomfortable.
I just wanted to leave.
Mind you- ANOTHER customer came up to the bar, talked to our bartender about her experience and the lousy service she received.
He gave her a comment card, I wish I could of gotten my hands on one of those.
Just in case you are wondering- No, I did NOT TIP.

Signs all over the casino saying 'Happy Hour extended until further notice', but our waitress tells us at 6:15 PM that management is not doing it tonight..
ummmm?!
The food is way over priced for average dishes.
The chips for our chips and salsa appetizer came in a paper bag, and when they were gone nobody refilled.
Waitress brought us only two waters when there was three of us, and we had to ask her to bring the missing water.
Took forever to get the bill, refills, anything really.
Very poor service.

A 12 oz.
of Dos Equis for $8?
The only reason we went here was to meet some friends who were staying in the Flamingo.
I told the bartender the last time I paid that much for a beer was when I was drinking a craft beer.
It was a Ballast Point Sculpin to be exact.
Then I asked him why this bar does not offer more selection than Coors, Budweiser, Corona and Dos Equis and he said most people prefer these beers.
Really?
The only reason they prefer these beers is due to the lack of selection at this place and other places on The Strip.
I told him he should offer craft beer to differentiate this place from other places.
Apparently he was not open to the suggestion.
With that attitude and way of thinking,  I will be shocked if this bar is still around when I return to Vegas.
Adios Carlos' n Charlie's.

Ugh.
Food that is not nearly as good as Taco Bell is priced like it's four diamond fare.
And to go with it, enjoy the weakest drinks on the strip.
The only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of one is that the service was good.

I really wish i had seen the poor rating on yelp before we decided to come eat here  the bad:  1.  we saw our waitress 2 times in the 2 hours we were there.
the first time was after sitting for 20 minutes waiting for her to come take our order, and the second time was after waiting 30 minutes after finishing eating to have her bring us the bill.
no checking up to see how the food was, or to fill drinks at all  2.  the charlie burrito tastes like cheeseburger hamburger helper wrapped in a tortilla  3.  there is some stupid lady who comes up behind you and tries to put a hat on your head without any warning or asking.
she almost ended up with my dinner knife in her leg when she just slammed the hat on my head    the good:  1.  the guy who brought out our food brought out the food  2.  the guy who made our guacamole made the guacamole    in reality, there is nothing good about this place and i will not be back

Clubby kind of place, especially for 5pm dining.
Guy used a flash light to make a strobe light affect - Extremely tacky!
Plus, he was shining it in people's eyes, such as mine and I was clear across the room.
Waitresses stop & dance, so if you need service quickly, it will be hard to grab them at that time.
The chips and salsa were awesome!
However, it was too bad that it was not free w/dining.
The fajitas didn't really have any special or different flavoring.
It was kinda bland.
Overall experience was ok.  Would recommend this place more for dining before going to a club or another bar atmosphere.
We took our 2 year old son, not the greatest place for kids, but in some cases think the entertainment was a bit of a distraction-could go either way.
Pros:  -Chips, Salsa  -music, dancing, noise can be good for kids - distraction  -Good place before going out - good party kinda atmosphere    Cons:  -Very loud  -Strobe light effect with a flashlight  -Can be bad for family  -not good for business meetings or discussion  -wait staff not very quick and stop and dance  -chips/salsa and guacamole took a long time to bring out - have to pay for chips/salsa (not included)  -More pricey than most places  -Not conveniently located if you are driving to the Flamingo - parking there sucks and walking to restaurant is further   If you are looking for more of a bar atmosphere before going out and getting some drinks maybe even chips/salsa, this may be a good place.
4 people with 2 year old = $100/dinner price (did not include drinks)  -2 hamburgers  -chips and salsa -guacamole  -1 Fajitas beef/chicken combo (shared by 2) with shrimp -side of corn  -side of veggies   =little pricey   Groupon helped and not sure if we would go back w/out it!

I don't know why everyone else had a bad time here, my party of 4 thoroughly enjoyed our time!
Delicious food, wonderful attentive server (Amy), great atmosphere.
The only thing we didn't like was the woman coming around trying to get us to dance and get rowdy, when all we wanted to do was eat and enjoy ourselves.
I would love to come back.

Went here for lunch yesterday with a groupon, 40 dollars.
We ordered chips and salsa for 6 dollars, no that is not a typo.
It arrived in....get this, a paper bag.
Salsa was bland.
They would not honor the TR price, but that is understandable with the groupon, just want you all to know that.
I ordered the chicken mole enchiladas.....horrible!!
The chicken was disgusting, I had to eat around it, which was not easy.
My husband got the pulled pork sandwich.
He said it tasted ok.
The prices are beyond stupid expensive, save your money and get better Mexican food at El Pollo Loco.

Wow, looks like everyone had the same experience I did.
Over priced bland food, no chips (unless you pay extra I guess), $2 for a tiny thing of guacamole.
Food was cold when it arrived and there were only about four tables - and it was during the afternoon.
Don't go here, it's a waste of money.

I don't think I've ever seen so many bad reviews!
I can't say I disagree, but our experience was a little better then 1 Star.
My girlfriend and I stopped in here late on our first night in Vegas.
We started with Margarita's and an order of Guacamole.
The Margarita's were OK, but the Guacamole was the best thing we had all night.
It was made fresh to order right in front of us.
Our entree's were below average, even for a chain Mexican place.
According to the menu, my Cheese Burrito was supposed to be filled with Cheddar and Jack Cheese with veggies.
What it was was a Tortilla filled with onions and green pepper's with barely any cheese in it at all.
My girlfriend ordered the Chicken Enchiladas in Red Salsa.
She summed up the Meh of this place perfectly after tasting my Burrito.
She said that both our dishes tasted like they came out of the same pot.
Pretty sad when you consider how different our entree's should have been.
Our service was OK, but confusing.
Our Server's seemed to switch about one third of the way through our meal and then the first Server reappeared when our check came out.
They are wheelchair accessible, but I can't see ever coming back here unless it's to sit at the bar, have a couple drinks and order some Guacamole.

If it were possible to give negative stars I would but then again a "Star" is for something positive, so if I could give this poor establishment of a restaurant negative remarks I most definitely would.
First off my boyfriend and I went here for dinner around 8:00 pm.
Only a handful of people were in the restaurant.
Before going in to be seated I snapped a few pics of the rolling stones guys up front.
I say that to set up what happened in the end.
(Just keep this in mind).
We were seated and the waitress came to take our drink orders.
I ordered a water and my boyfriend order a raspberry tea.
Immediately I get an attitude from our waitress because I ordered a water.
(Strike 1) She brings back the drinks and says "what would you like?
" I'm like "we need a few more minutes to look over the menu.
"  So she walks away without even saying anything.
She finally comes back after a good 15 min.
When the waitress does come back she decides to sit down and take our ordwers.
WTF?!?
(Strike 2) I order the Chimichonga and my boyfriend orders the steak tacos.
Mean while ....
I do not see our waitress again until she beings our food out which was about 30 min.
Never came to check on us or refill our cups.
Once they bring the meals out I still don't see our waitress.
The food tasted old and tasteless.
No type of seasoning or any love was thrown into the making of our meals.
The tacos hardly had any steak just an abundance of lettuce.
My food was just tasteless.
I guess I'm just use to Rio Grande back in my hometown of MD.
Nothing at this place was fresh.
When we looked about done our waitress came to take our plates and she actually came back with the check right away.
But.... why did she just stand there waiting for us to pay instead of going somewhere and tending to whatever else she gets paid to do?
I mean who does that?
So I just looked at her and she got the hint.
Forgot to mention that some chick came up to us while we were waiting for our order and slaps a hat on my boyfriend and says "its resturant tradtion" I was like what?
She wanted him to wear a mexican hat and a silly mustashe so she could take a pic.
She snaps a few pics and vanished.
Dont worry.... towards the end she comes back with the pics asking us if we wanted to buy them.
We both declined and she said "it was worth a try.
" So as soon as we pull our money out here comes our waitress.
We give her only a $4.00 tip and she didnt deserve that but we were being nice.
We leave out but not before I snap a pic of my boyfriend standing next to the Rolling Stone wax men and the hostess comes running up saying " Ms. We do not allow people to take pictures with the wax models.
" I was like "wow, really!?
" Stupid chick unless she wanted to snatch my phone from me what the hell was she going to do about it.
Worse food, even worse customer service and horrible staff!
STAY AWAY!!!!
Go to Margaritaville instead!

Not worth the money.
Bad quality of food and the service was awful!

Not the worst Mexican restaurant I've been to nor the best.
It was ok. Way too expensive for Mexican food.....

No deal never again!
The food was WAY over priced, no real flavors & the waiter had more important things to do like full around with the hostess.
We were there on 3-12-13 for a late lunch, we will NEVER go back its just not any good.
We only go to Vegas 3-4 times a year & we for sure know where not to go.

I hate to "pile on" but recently returned from a stay at the Flamingo and sorry to say, these reviews are true.
Last year, this place was under construction, and we were pleased to find it finished this year and were excited about trying it out.
We were there on a Saturday night, a bit on the later side, and right away I should have turned and left because the music in the place was just incredibly LOUD.
I'm no fuddy-duddy but to have to lean over and SCREAM to be heard is just not my cup of tea.
My fault there - even the waitress thought it was really loud and asked the DJ to notch it down.
We thought the food was good - we had the bean soup, and steak tacos.
But there were none of the usual "extras" offered such as crackers for the soup.
We basically had to beg for some carbs!
Prices were a few dollars higher than they should have been.
Many of the items are slightly discounted if you have your players card with you.
I thought our server did a decent job.
Clearly she did not have a lot to work with.
When we go back next year I will give this place one more try.

Not bad for me!
Visited during Happy Hour (it was a Thursday afternoon around 4 pm) to take advantage of the 2 for 1 margaritas.
Ordered 4 margaritas (3 passion fruit and one regular- server said passion fruit was the best) for our group of 5, as well as chips/ salsa and the banana chimichangas (recommended by our server).
That's right, no free chips 'n' salsa here folks.
I didn't eat the salsa but the banana chimichangas were awesome, and the portion size was definitely large enough to share.
Margarita was good- I agree the passion fruit one's the thing, and with the buy one get one it's a good deal!
Atmosphere... kinda TGI Fridays I guess?
Makes more sense when you know they are owned by the same company as Senor Frog's.
We really liked our server... a youngish woman that wore a flower in her hair... don't remember her name.

I just got back from Vegas today and a bunch of us went there last night and had a nasty dinner!!
Took 15 minutes for us to get our drinks then another 8 to order food!!
Pretty pricy for food especially food That was so bland!
!We ordered chips and salsa that we never got and tortilla soup that we never got and I had 2 small short hairs in my steak and chicken tacos(they were gross, no flavor) and they came and took it away promptly, told me I wouldn't be charged for it( of course) and bought me a beer!
My friends all ate their food because they were drunk but they all hated it too!
I will never go there again and I hope I can save others from having the same experience as us!!

Service was really bad.
The manager had to come to our table and take our order, no sign of the waitress .
When the food came out they forgot our appetizer and 2 meals from our table of 8.
My cheese Quesdilla tasted like a grilled cheese sandwhich and was completely deep fried.
Gross.

The bar staff and Buritto Charlie are the Best

If there's a word that sums up Carlos & Charlie's it's tasteless.
Not that there's shennangians going on in here (the fiesta seems kind of forced) but the food is tasteless.
When the server comes up and offers unsolicited a bottle of Tabasco to give the burrito some flavor, you know that they know that the food here sucks.
I ended up going here 3 times during my visit because I was getting back to the hotel late and the coffee shop now only is open beyond breakfast and lunch on Friday & Saturday nights, and every time I left wishing I had decided to walk somewhere else that was serving food.
the "famous" BBQ consists of slathering sickeningly sweet BBQ sauce on chicken, ribs, and shrimp and broiling it.
(I'm from Texas, I know BBQ, and this ain't it.
) The Mexican entrees have no flavor (see above Tabasco incident on a burrito that was supposed to have chorizo).
The only entree that was passable was the steak medallions, and at $22 I really don't want to recommend them.
Also, don't be fooled by the 2 for 1 drink coupons they pass out during the week.
The margaritas are $10 and very small, so getting 2 house frozen margaritas (or two Coors Lights for $10 is no deal.
Also, don't be fooled by the Big Mama drinks they serve; the actual drink inside the glass is maybe a pint in total and most of the giant cup is molded plastic and air.
Service is lackluster.
Seriously, don't go here.

NO SERVICE, NO SALSA, NO SMILE  We had walked by several times and finally decided to stop one night when the music wasn't so loud and the bar wasn't packed.
We didn't want to fight for a table so it was a good time, late at night.
All we wanted was chips and salsa.
We sat at the bar but quickly grew impatient as we weren't noticed.
Once we finally received our menus the bartender had left to do something.
I forget what they were asking for the chips and salsa but we'd been told it was just one salsa, (no "hot" option; no "verde" option) so for whatever the price was we didn't think it was worth it and ended up walking out.
Didn't even get a goodbye.
Note: We did however have a great time another night taking pictures on the four stools as you enter.
Fun stuff!

If I could give this place zero stars I would.
I walked up to the outside bar with my friend and had to greet our bartender "Kush" since he clearly had no interest in assisting us.
When asked about happy hour drinks he was extremely standoffish.
Once we received our margaritas the bill came to $16 for 2 (2 for 1)  but their margaritas are watered down & definitely not worth the money.
After sitting here for 30 minutes & noticing how friendly "Kush" was to other patrons the only common denominator was that we were African American & everyone else he greeted & checked in on was White.
He didn't even look at us one time!
Sitting with two empty cups at a bar & not being asked how was it, do you need anything else, or anything at all is not something you get from this place.
Definitely bring your money elsewhere.

We were staying at the Flamingo in one of their remodeled "Go Rooms" which I do recommend for style and good value.
My wife decided to give Carlos & Charlie's a try because she said they used to have a place near us in SoCal.
We both grew up in SoCal and frequent mexican restaurants regularly and are very familiar with both the food and drinks, and love them.
Lot's of quality time spent at SuperMex in northeast Long Beach.
Carlos and Charlie's reminds me of the ripoff mexican restaurants you see on Olvera Street in downtown L.A.
The food was average, at best, with tourist-from-Omaha-just-off-the-bus prices.
We know that because we once walked over to OIvera St. after having a superb french dip beef sandwich at Phillipe's on Alameda St. (the best ever) and ordered a $15.00 margarita from a restaurant bar there.
Didn't know they were $15.00 each until after we ordered, and they were certainly weren't worth it.
There are ton's of good mexican places around serving very good margaritas for about $7.50.
At Carlos and Charlie's I was astounded to be charged $9.50 for a 20 oz.
draft of Dos Equis lager which is a basic mexican beer (mexican equivalent of Budweiser) and even more shocked to see a simple chicken and cheese burrito priced at about $16.00 and if you wanted a dollop of guacamole on the side (I did) it will set you back another $1.95.
Her fish tacos were, in her words "horrible" and were mostly cabbage with a small sliver of something that was being passed off as fish.
A McDonalds fish sandwich would be a far better choice.
Her frozen margarita was delivered, as was my beer, in a plastic cup, and was average in taste with no noticeable tequila in it for $10.50!!
Being a SoCal native with lots of experience with mexican food and drinks clearly affects my view of Carlos and Charlie's offerings.
If you are the tourist from Omaha looking for the mexican experience in Las Vegas and don't care much about the quality and price, ignore this post and enjoy yourself.
Otherwise, look elsewhere.

We stopped in on Saturday night, right before it turned into a bar/club.
I ordered the Charlie's Tacos (mix of chorizo, carne asada and chicken).
They were really flavorful.
I enjoyed my meal.
My friend ordered the Chicken in Mole Sauce.
We both tried each other's and both agreed mine was better.
Her chicken had a little too much sauce.
She still said it was okay.
She mentioned that she got the Parmesan and Swiss Chicken before, and it was really good.
We got the two-for-one margaritas with a coupon they were passing out in the casino.
My friend got the classic margarita and said it was good, and I got the mango margarita, and it was way too sweet.
They were trying to force a party to start, so that was a little annoying at first, because I was hungry and trying to eat, and they were trying to bribe me to dance (offering free tequila shots if I did the Wobble with them or whatever they were doing.
) Looking back, I should have accepted.
lol.
Oh well.
After we ate, it was fun.
People started showing up and drinking and dancing more.
They were playing good music.
They were training a new shot girl, and so we got a bunch of free shots because they were showing her how to count pours and how to be more flirty and fun with the customers.
That was cool.
We ended up leaving and heading elsewhere on The Strip.
But it seemed like it would be a good time if you stayed all night.
Apparently, it's all you can drink for the ladies after you pay $13 for your first drink.
I'd come back again and check that out.

Good service.
Horrid food, over priced.

Bad service, not true about free drinks on cards, women pay $15 for open bar but men go in free.
However, simple drinks for men are $11 and up.

Abandon all hope ye who enter here.
Carlos n Charlie's is not charming.
They do not have good food.
They do not have good prices.
The service is the turd on the top of this poop sundae; they straight up refused to let us split checks (between two parties) and scoffed at the idea of subbing a cheese enchilada for a meat enchilada on a multiple enchilada platter.
The Cadillac Margarita comes in a plastic cup and is made from swill and imitation lime swill.
The guacamole shouldn't have been able to be bad (since it was made in front of us) but the guy forgot salt and pepper and hence it was immensely bland.
Sidenote: one of our party members passed out at the table immediately after consuming the above mentioned guacamole.
I am 92% sure it was because she hadn't eaten all day but I want to leave open the possibility this place is poisoning it's guests because it wouldn't surprise me.
If the Paramedics or the Flamingo Security who responded to the above medical incident were Carlos n Charlie's staff this review would have more stars because their customer service was dramatically better than the actual employees.
As an alternative I recommend everywhere else in the world.
Literally you could just knock on doors offering people money to cook you mexican food and I am certain the first person to accept you in would be able to cook you a finer meal with whatever they had on hand (and would likely agree to a much lower price) than this lousy embarrassment of a "restaurant.

Came in for lunch on a Monday.
Shame on me for not checking Yelp first before deciding to eat here.
I think Carlos 'n Charlie's is a nighttime weekend drinking spot, but definitely not a middle of the day lunch spot.
It was fairly empty, which is fine, but there was nothing there to make me want to recommend it to anyone.
The young hostess in the front was not particularly friendly nor welcoming.
Angie M. was our server.
She was a little gruff but friendly and attentive.
She made the guacamole at our table.
It was good but it just needed more salt.
Easily fixed.
I liked that she asked if we wanted the jalapenos in the guacamole (I didn't).
I settled for the cheese enchiladas with red sauce.
They were just okay.
Not horrible, but okay.
JAS had the burger and I don't recall if he liked it or not.
It was just one of those places where I wish we had decided to have lunch somewhere else.

Our server was amazing, but the food was absolutely horrible.
I do not recommend this to anyone

You are in Vegas, you can find better service and food so don't settle on this place.
Service was super slow and place was only half full.
Maybe a good place to have a drink and watch a game, but find something else for food.
My chimichanga was barely worth $5 much less the price they charge, as the chicken cubes  were sad and scarce.
I went along with the group and checked Yelp as we sat down, we should have left but didn't.
They try to offer guac with everything, you get a small and I mean small cup of guac that is not good at all.

We were staying at the Flamingo and have been to several CnS before, so we assumed we knew what we were getting into.
We were wrong.
The waiter (1048 John G) sucked.
He was barely ever around and instead of wise ass remarks that we are used to on occasion, he was just rude.
The drinks were made very poorly and the cheese dip we ordered came out cold and almost solid.
Dont bother going to this place.

I'm not really quite sure why this place is considered mexican.
It's more of an American restaurant.
But they do offer a lot of specials and their frozen margarita drinks are tasty.
However their food doesn't really impress me.
It's more of a dive bar to go sit and throw back a few drinks rather than a restaurant to come and dine at.

Cannot speak for normal operating hours, but not a good choice if you wish to dine late night.
Small, over priced menu.
Blaring and crappy club music.
Seated at the outdoor bar.
(A little cold) Bartender did not seem to want me there.
I left.
And I'm hungry.
Do not recommend, at least for late night eating.

Went to Carlos 'n Charlies for Friday night drinks before going out.
The patio was PACKED to capacity (probably 300-400 people) and the bar was staffed with TWO bartenders.
Friends of mine waited 50 minutes to get service, I wasn't able to get anything from their bar.
Their bar definitely has the capacity for 12-15 servers, I'm not sure why their management routinely understaffs the bar...

This place is located inside of the Flamingo.
I am a betting man and I bet in a year or less this place will close.
The drinks and the food are terrible.
I wish I had lost my money gambling.
If Yelp offered a 1/4 star I would have checked it.
Go to Margaritaville you will get fantastic potent drinks and great  food.
Adios Carlos and Charlie's.
Never ever again!

I wish I can post a negative star.
This place is awful!
My husband ordered a Cadillac margarita which was over loaded with sweat and sour mix.
Our appetizer came out after our dinner arrived.
I took one bite of my chicken burrito and spit it out because the chicken was ice cold.
My husbands carne asada burrito looked like it had all the left over greasy meat inside.
Needless to say we called the manager over.
He seemed irritated that we were unhappy with our food, comped the dinners and margarita, but still charged us for the appetizer which we didn't even eat!
Don't waste your time or money at this place.
Go to Margaritaville instead!

If you are looking for a party spot to hang out on the weekends, this might be a good place for you.
I only say that because I was constantly invited to these parties by members of their staff as I walked through the hotel, & because I could hear the music bumping from my hotel room.
If you are looking for a great margarita, this is not the place for you.
Their margaritas are a joke & way overpriced for what they are.

We just needed a place to eat STAT - after walking around hungover in Vegas for too long!
Carlos N Charlies...why god why.
So.
Awful.
IDK what everybody is saying about their small menu...because I experienced something totally different!
To start, their menu has about 150 things on it - from Mexican to Chinese, I swear.
Our waiter wasn't attentive and it was really hard to get his attention.
Another overpriced crappy place in Vegas.

Carlos 'n Charlie's is located inside of the Flamingo Hotel and Casino.
It's your Americanized Mexican food establishment.
The food isn't authentic Mexican food at all, but the taste isn't that horrible.
So why the 2 stars?
The portions are too small, the price is too high and the service isn't the best.
At first our waiter was pretty chill, but after taking our order we didn't see too much of him after.
I guess the only good thing was that he gave us a margarita for free since he made a mistake.
Food: I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice.
Everything was seasoned pretty well, but I wish it had more of a kick to it.
Also, I honestly could have probably ate 2-3 plates since the portion really wasn't that large...
Overall, I'm glad I tried Carlos 'n Charlie's one time, but I most likely won't be back.
I'd rather spend $20+ on a meal that will actually fill me up.

Horrible.
Gross food.
Worse service.
Disgusting drinks.
This was my second time here.
The first time we came, we got dinner.
It was awful.
This time, I got sucked in by a buy one get one coupon.
How bad could just drinks possibly be, I thought?
This was by far the worst margarita I have ever had.
And I'm Mexican.
The bartender acted like he was doing me a favor, dispensing the putrid concoction from the decrepit Taylor machine... Never again.

Carlos & Charlie's is in a great location in the Flamingo Hotel and Casino.
As a Happy Hour it offers 2 for 1 Margaritas (3 flavors).
We got our Margaritas and enjoyed them as we viewed the animals in the outdoor nature area of the Flamingo.

Stopped in here while walking through the Flamingo.
We took advantage of the 2 for $10 margaritas, but got them to go so we could walk through the garden.
We tried a passion fruit and a mango and have to say that they were delicious.
Very real fruit flavors and not too sweet at all.
They were not very strong, but were delicious as I observed the birds and koi in the garden.
At 2pm on a Friday, the place was empty, maybe due to the fact that the outdoor area was closed for the winter, but I would recommend taking advantage of the drink special and then hitting the sites.

We were wanting Mexican food and this place was located in the hotel where we were staying....ideal we thought.
It was absolutely terrible!!!
Service was bad and food and drinks totally over-priced.
I got a chicken chimi and the chicken was spoiled.
I took one bite and literally gagged.
My husband is a chef and smelled it and immediately knew it was rotten.
I lost my appetite so did not re-order.
Husbands tacos were tasteless.
They did not charge us for my meal but our bill still totaled $50.
A total disaster!

Second day in Vegas and I slept in after a late late night.
When I woke up I was in the mood for some lunch.
I had seen this place on the way to my room the first night and I wanted to try it so I decided that was the time.
I went in and was greeted right away by the host.
I have some pictures with him.
He was totally adorable and his accent was so cute.
He was very friendly and made me feel welcome.
He got me something to drink right away.
My waitress was also very attentive and friendly.
I ordered the shrimp tacos and I have to say they were very good.
I can see from the other reviews that the food leaves something to be desired but in my opinion the shrimp tacos are a good choice.
They were actually pretty big and had alot of flavor.
I had to get a to go box because I couldn't finish all of them.
I also ordered a cup of tortilla soup.
That, unfortunately, was not good at all.
It had no flavor and the menu said it had cheese, well where was it because I sure didn't taste any.
Tortilla soup is one of my favorite soups and I have had it in many different places but this one was probably the worst.
I will admit that the food is very pricy but at the same time Vegas restaurant prices are always inflated.
My overall experience having lunch there was good and I will be back.
I had another experience here at night.
They had a 2 for 1 drink special going on and I just kind of wandered in at the spur of the moment.
There was a group of Puerto Rican people there dancing.
I went in to see what that was about and next thing I know they are pulling over to them to dance with them.
I ended up with a margarita in each hand and dancing with these people all night.
I had a blast.
They kept the drinking coming and the music going.
If you come with some fun people this place can be a fun place to party at.
The margaritas were not the best I ever had but they were sufficient.
I was more caught in the dancing.

Hey it was nothing great but the price was right.
The wife and I stopped in here our last night in Vegas.
They were generous with the drinks, giving out a ton of free shots, but the quality of the alcohol is somewhat suspect with me.
My gin and tonic tasted like rubbing alcohol and the whiskey sour was very sweet, too sweet.
But every bartender makes drinks a bit different.
On the topic of bartenders, the younger guy and girl that were serving were very friendly and even helped me get open bar price (it was an open bar for ladies night).
Service was great.
The bar also had an actual dj playing the music which is always a plus.
Overall alcohol was not great, but it was a good time and we would consider going here again if we stayed in the flamingo again.
To all the people going here to eat, what were you thinking?!

Terrible.
The nachos were good, everyone else in the group hated their meal.
The manager was very quick to comp off most of our lunch.
Don't go.
Ever.

Horrible.. please do yourself a favor and eat your poker chips before you dare to eat their tortilla chips.
Just plain bad.
I understand Americanized Mexican food, but this doesn't even cut that low grade.
Bland, boring .. served less than hot.
And far too expensive for what it is.
The queso dip was cold - no flavor.
We tried to dress it up by adding the salsa, but the salsa just made it colder (it lumped) and more blah.!!
The quesadilla was supposed to have carne asada , chorizo and chicken...well, you fooled me.
Just stay away.
How can you make tasteless chorizo - seriously.
Only saving grace, the waiter (poor guy) was actually a good guy.

No matter how hungry you are, or how much your feet hurt, do yourself a favor and keep walking past this noisy excuse for a Mexican restaurant, located pretty close to the Flamingo front desk.
It offers overpriced, mediocre Americanized food...with a small discount if you show your Total Rewards card.
Alas, the savings did not help.
It was a bomb on so many levels.
Service: our server was sweet but slow and managed to get so much wrong.
I ordered a Pepsi, got a diet, and despite my almost empty glass and her eagerness to refill my husband's water at least 4 times, I never got a refill.
Given that the soda was $3.50, ugh.
She forgot to bring my soup and when we reminded her, she smiled and said she would take it off the check.
Boo.
My chicken fajita salad was tasty.
Basic, no complaints.
Hubby had BBQ shrimp and did not like the spicy sauce or the bacon garnish.
We splurged and bought the chips and salsa...nothing like a paper bag of stale chips and jarred salsa to convince us we'd made a grande mistake.
The noisy atmosphere and thumping soundtrack sort of topped things off.
One of the worst meals I've ever had in Vegas...live and learn.

This place has mediocre food and the service sucks.
What do you expect it's at the Flamingo.
Would not come here again.

Do not eat here!
The first nickel and dime restaurant I have ever visited.
Way overpriced, average price is $16 per plate and you get very little.
Food is over cooked, hard, stale chips.
Server got my wifes order wrong twice.
The iced tea and iced water is from the tap (not purified).
I finally told the server we had to leave and needed the check.
$40 for a beer, fish tacos, iced tea, chips and salsa that all tasted bad!

Boyfriend and I came here on a Friday afternoon around 2pm.
The place was pretty empty and the server seated us at a booth.
We noticed immediately that there was something weird about the table--it was huge [we couldn't touch hands with our backs against the seats, which isn't conducive to conversations], it came up to the middle of my chest, and it curved.
Boyfriend thought the table was just warped, but all the booths were like that!
My silverware kept sliding off my plate and into the middle of the table, so we moved.
The food was fine.
I wasn't like blown away by the burrito packed with cheese and veggies.
Skip the guacamole--it's super oily.
Our beers were served in giant margarita glasses, which I kinda liked.
The service wasn't great.
She didn't come by very often and we never got water.
It also took quite a while to get the bill.
We were back in here an hour later because Boyfriend's group of pals showed up.
This time we were seated on the patio.
The nachos are ridiculously huge, which seems like something that they would point out in the menu.
They're definitely meant for sharing as an appetizer and not for a single person to sit down and eat!
Haha, it was a mountain of chips, real cheese, nacho cheese, and meant.
The 2-for-1 margaritas were decent [strawberry was VERY strong, but I couldn't taste much alcohol in the mango so perhaps it hid the flavor].
Our waitress didn't come by very often and we had to go chase after her to get more drinks and our bills.
When one of the guys in the group went to go talk to a manager about it, he was given an it's-not-my-problem response.
Oh, and apparently this place turns into a weird night club.
We sent a friend through [she reported back as it being partially filled with mostly dudes] and decided to go elsewhere.

I haven't heard good things about the food, but since I didn't try it I wouldn't know.
The service was ridiculous though.
And I didn't like the drinks much better.
We stayed in the Flamingo for a week and we were on a trip with lots of co-workers so I ended up having more than one experience here even though under normal circumstances I wouldn't have been back after the first time.
We stopped by at the end of our first night in LV to grab one more drink with a friend before heading to our room and decided on frozen margaritas.
( Let me start with 3 important facts: 1) I LOVE margaritas.
2) I enjoy sour things so much that I will happily peel a whole lemon or grapefruit like its and orange and eat it with no sugar.
3) We had quite a bit to drink at this point and weren't in any state to be picky.
)  The margaritas were so mouth-twistingly bitter and sour that none of the three of us could get one down.
The next time I came they had some sort of all yo can drink thing going on.
Problem was, no one that worked there knew the rules.
We were originally sold a line about how you can come and go as much as you want and bring your drinks.
But every time they fought us about it making up rules about needing to get a new cup and then rules about having to have the same cup.
On top of all that, the latin techno that was playing was so loud that we were all sitting around the table texting eachother because you couldn't hear the person right next to you even when they screamed at the top of their lungs.
Beware of this place because they wander through the casino trying to sell you on $20 all you can drink tickets.

I wish I could give a better review, but because we sat there for 20 minutes with no service, we left.
Multiple servers and managers walked by with not one word being said to us.
All we wanted was a good lunch outside in a patio and that seemed to difficult for this place to deliver.
When we went to leave,  I let the hostess know we got no service and it seemed to not have really mattered.
I've been in the food industry as a bartender for 8 years, and this was one of the worsts.
I know the 20 minutes sounds like an exaggeration because that's what customers do, especially when hungry, but I only knew because we started actually paying attention to the time tick away.
I would never ever recommend this place to anyone, in fact I would go out of my way to tell people not to go there.
Get it together Carlos, this is Vegas.
Step up your game a bit.
But then again, because it is Vegas, they don't have to care about one persons review because people will go there no matter what because of the name.
Unfortunate for those future customers.

I had a Groupon and we were staying at the Flamingo so we decided to check it out.
We ate lunch there on our last day before catching our shuttle for the airport.
We were seated right away.
Service though was slooooooooow.
We both ordered the shrimp burrito, it was good.
We enjoyed our food but I would not of paid full price (had a groupon).
I would only eat there again if it were out of desperation.
Everything at the Flamingo is overpriced and gross.

This place is the worst hands down.
Don't bother just don't.
The "Mexican grill" doesn't get anymore white washed.. And this is coming from a white girl!
The margaritas are shit and so is the food.. Just keep walking.
Not worth your money.
It lives up to it's star and half.
Let me put it this way..
I wouldn't feed this food to my dog.

This restaurant takes the classic TGI Fridays concept of nailing random shXt to the wall and hanging more from the ceiling to a whole new level.
The randomness is truly awesome, including a massive cow wearing pink cowboy boots hanging above the bar.
I don't know what it means.
I don't think anyone knows what it means.
But, it's there's and those that notice it, get to wonder why!?
As for the food, it is unseasoned, uninspired, and boring, boring, boring.
Two for one frozen margaritas from a machine, on the other hand, where pretty darn tasty.
So, I'd come in during happy hour, skirt the other three people who will be there even though the place easily seats over one hundred, and stare in wonderment at the random paraphernalia.
It's worth a star in my as yet undefined Yelp review scale from dreadful to awesome.

Do not eat here!
Service was good but the food is awful.
Rice was cold, dry and crunchy, tacos were made with ingredients not fit for a dog.

Descriptive phrase: hotel Mexican food.
Carlos' n Charlie's is what you'd expect from a Mexican restaurant in a Vegas hotel, but whatever.
It's full of drunk people, including yourself.
Food is overpriced and everything is an add-on.
My Chimichanga was $16, but I really enjoyed it.
I couldn't tell you if it was actually good or if I was just starving getting off the 4-hour plane ride (the latter, most likely).
Go if you must, don't if you dont.

Extremely expensive.
Not worth the price.
We paid over $100 for two people which included $35 for two margaritas, that were not very good.
Chips and salsa are not offered for free.
We ordered separately and regretted it.
The salsa tasted like it came from a jar.
The dinner was good but I could get the same thing for 1/3 the price elsewhere.

Not sure why all the one-star reviews here, unless things magically improved by the time I ate here.
First off, this isn't the best Tex-Mex place in the world, but folks: 1) this is a CHAIN, and 2) this is the Vegas strip...
If you go to a Vegas strip chain restaurant and expect a freakin' gourmet meal, you're, frankly, pretty dumb.
But for what it is, Carlos'n'Charlie's does the job.
My wife had the tortilla soup and chicken and steak fajita, and she was very happy with both.
My chicken and cheese burrito was quite good, and kudos to those involved for respecting my allergy to onions.
Bummer that the nachos are extra, but again, this is the Vegas strip; I expect to be screwed here.
But I was surprised that the prices are as low as they are.
Only problems I had are that the mojito has no sweetness to it, and there were some cretins completely disregarding the multiple "no smoking" signs.
Seriously, give these folks a chance.
I did.
No regrets at all, except that I didn't order the tortilla soup!

Updated my review to 1 star, then reconsidered given extenuating circumstances.
I got no problem with C'n'C.

A few bucks can go a long way.
Always tip the people who serve you.
We sat at the bar and ordered guac & chips ... Little did we know it was made table side which is incredibly inconvenient to the bar tender but the manager came to help out, we tipped him a few dollars - he acted like he'd never seen money before!
So after that the manager got us a few more 2 or 1 beers (happy hour had been over for a half hour already).
We also ordered the quesadillas and they were really good.
Sit outside, the barstools are super fun.
Plus there's a DJ playing good tunes....
The servers come out and dance to certain songs and get customers involved.
Overall I liked the place.

Horrible!!!
better Mexican food at the pool area of the Flamingo  a real disappointment  Food  and Margaritas are the worst I ever had.

The food is okay.
I ate there last night with my girlfriend and four of her friends.
I had the shrimp burrito.
I wasn't spectacular, but it was okay.
It was not worth the $19 I paid for it, but those are Strip prices.
My main reason for the two star rating is their unwillingness to accommodate their customers.
Apparently, they have a policy of not doing separate checks.
There were six of us at our table, most of us using credit cards to pay.
The waitress basically said we had to figure out how much each of us owed and she could run each card one at a time, subtracting what we told her from the bill each time.
After ten minutes of trying to figure out the bill and how we would deal with the tax we finally got the manager and complained about the policy.
He ultimately agreed to do it for us and it took another ten minutes to separate everything in their computer with one of the members of our party helping him sort out the bill.
I have worked in three different restaurants in the past, not to mention have eaten in dozens of restaurants here in Vegas and never have I had a restaurant tell me they won't do separate checks.
Las Vegas is a top tourist destination in the entire world.
People come here in groups.
Why on earth would any restaurant have a policy like that in a city like this?
It defies logic and it's extremely inconvenient.
As someone who has waited tables and bartended in the past I do understand how annoying it can be to be asked to split a check for a large group at the end of the meal, but our waitress was asked up front and I didn't even show up until everyone else had finished eating so my check should have been easy to split off.
I was not happy about us having to jerk around with this for twenty minutes when we were ready to leave.
Change your policy, folks.

If you are looking for ugly people, disgusting food and cheap alcohol, this is your spot.

I was there last night and I can say that I'm really disappointed.
Being one of the best customers of Carlos' n Charlie's in Cancun, I expected the same quality.
Sadly it wasn't; the food and the quality of the open bar is so low and cheap that I could only drank a half margarita.
And it was all I had for the night.
We asked for a refund of the Open Bar  -which they refused-  since we were not willing to drink more of that weird stuff they serve as alcohol.
Instead we were offered a "comp real Bacardi" which it wasn't enough to make it up for it.
We decided to go, I feel robbed.

Heavy pour.
'Nuff said.

Terrible service, terrible margaritas.
Do yourself a favor and find something better.

I would hate to see this place packed with people.
When we came, there were maybe 5 tables full, if that.
The service was extremely slow, we waited forever to give our drink order, then forever to order, then forever for the food.
It's pricey for the quality of food that they are serving.
The waitress however was super nice.
I wouldn't waste your money here, there are to many other options here in Vegas to eat at a place like this.

Ok...This may not be fair.
My wife and I went here for breakfast.
This place is probably not known for its breakfast but if you advertise it then at least do something right.
The service was lacking to say the least.
The table was dirty.
My coffee cup was dirty and disgusting.
My wife's pineapple juice was watered down and not even close to tasting like it should.
The coffee tasted like burnt mop water.
Perhaps the dinner or evening atmosphere is better.
I don't know.
The food was simply ok but not good enough to redeem the other issues.
We have all been to dives where the food can make up for a bad experience.
Not here.
As a note the manager was apologetic and took the beverages off or bill and also applied a discount with being asked for that extra step.

The staff is great but the food is mediocre save for the ceviche.
I'll talk about that in a second.
So.
I order a margarita on the rocks.
This is a Mexican restaurant.
On the STRIP.
Yeah, it comes out looking like Mt.
Dew and tasting like sadness.
They also have margarita slurpee machines and I'd probably have been better off going that way.
The food was your generic churned out Mexican.
Think... well, the "Mexican" dishes at places like Chili's.
They get two stars because the ceviche was fantastic.
I couldn't believe it came from the same place!
As someone who has made ceviche at a fine dining restaurant, I know my ceviche, and it was spectacular.
Lots of avocado, which is great.
Even my husband, who isn't really a foodie, commented that the ceviche looked strikingly different from all the other dishes.
Bottom line: order the ceviche and stick with Dos Equis.

If I could give this place negative stars I would.
Awful service, awful drinks, awful prices.
We were lured in by the pretty outside view and the buy one get one free coupons we were given for margaritas (spoiler alert they just double the price of the drink and add waaay too little alcohol).
Our server came over once after mouthing obscenities to himself when he saw our table sit down.
It was pretty deserted except for a group of people wearing obscene balloon animal hats (blow jobs, penises, scissoring - who knew balloon art could be used as a force of evil!).
I don't have one good thing to say about this place.
UGH!

I felt bad for our waitress who clearly had a 10+ table section and poor support staff.
We ordered breakfast, didn't get our drinks forever (bartender was "MIA" in her own words) and then the food runner forgot the side dish.
Mediocre priced foods at best and understaffed.

