Okay, let's try this place out.
This is the live blow by blow--writing this review in the restaurant.
I have been waiting for months, driving past this place almost daily waiting for it to open.
It's finally open, so let's wait an hour in queue and get some Mexifood at the newest place in town.
Nice chips with pico--so far so good.
Chips a bit greasy, but tasty.
Ambiance here cool.
They put some money into this place.
Salt and pepper shakers are Coronita bottles--yup seen this before.
When I go to Mexican restaurants, I rarely drink beer, but this time, yes, I had a Dos Equis.
This, with the chips, was a nice start.
And now, the moment of truth.
I got three enchiladas with rice and beans.
My wife got the beef burro with fundido.
My daughter got a chile relleno plate.
Scratch the beans--they ran out.
LOL!
That's ok.  From the first bite--incredible.
You get a LOT of food here for your money and a high amount of quality goes with that quantity.
There used to be a place in the SF Bay Area called La Michoacana.
They had the best Mexican food ever--I'm not kidding.
When they closed, I was very sad to realize that I may never have Mexican Food of that kind of complexity again.
Well, I'm happy to say that La Fonda has it!
Many Mexican restaurants have good food, but overdo the cilantro or have some flavor out of balance.
Here, ALL tastes are in balance--it tastes as if it was made in Nana's kitchen.
Even my daughter said that it tastes like her Grandmother's cooking, except with more cheese.
That's high praise.
As it turns out, the recipes used at this place are actually from the owner's grandmother--that's why it's all so good.
We finished off the meal with flan and sopapillas--a perfect ending to a great meal.
I haven't been to every Mexican restaurant in the Valley (there are hundreds, maybe thousands), so I can't say that this is the best Mexican restaurant in the area.
However, I have been to quite a number of them, and this really is the best one I have been to so far.
Service was absolutely stellar.
I said it before to the owner, and I will say it again here--DON'T CHANGE!
I want to come back again sometime soon, and sometime later, and I want this same kind of taste time after time.
I'm glad to have the first review up here so I can give you all a great first impression of this place on Yelp.
If you are looking for superb Mexican Food in the Tempe area, this is the spot to visit.
Say thirsty (and hungry) my friends.

Tried to go to dinner here.
Was told there was a 30 minute wait, said that was fine, we will sit and wait in bar.
Nope 30 mins wait for everything bar and restaurant!
But lots of open seats in the bar..didn't matter.
We left shaking our heads as did next 2 couples that walked in behind us.
I think they need to rethink their seating policy.

Finally open, and worth the wait!
The decor is nice and it is obvious the owner's have pride of ownership.
The staff are still training but did a great job.
The Tacos are authentic and served with a salsa verde that is delicious.
Every dish I saw served looked wonderful.
I will be back again to try some more.
Give them some time to work out a few bugs with new staff and just opening but I think they will be a hit!

Still the same great food and service in a new much larger location, with an actual sports bar!
If you like the old location, you'll love the new location!

The food was really good.
I had the chicken lime salad, the kids had a cheese crisp and beans and my sister-in-law had a big burrito that she loved.
The atmosphere is really nice as the new location is a vast improvement over the last location.
We had a new server so you want to give them the benefit of the doubt but she was pretty bad.
Ordering a margarita from her was a bit of a nightmare - not going to lie.
I had to send it back and of course got the excuse that it was the bartender's fault.
Don't order iced tea though if you are not a fan of sugar or sweet n low - that's all they have.

Extremely disappointed in the dinner I had at La Fonda.
The service was terrible.
It took ten minutes after we were seated for a server to come take our first drink orders.
Then another ten minutes before they actually came..
It was 3 waters and a tea, come on now.
Then we were served chips and salsa and for some reason this is the only Mexican food place that doesn't give out side plates so the table was full of salsa that had fallen off the chips.
Of course we never got napkins or silverware until we asked so it was quite hard to clean up.
When our food came so did more disappointment.
I order a chimy and it was all tortilla with a little bit of meat in it, the flavors were nice but I would have liked more meat with the food.
The server only came around one more time to refill out empty drinks and then got an attitude when we asked if she didn't mind putting more ice in the glasses.
Sorry we had to chew on all of our ice because it took you 20 minutes to come by our table to refill the drinks.
Once the check came she charged our credit card to another tables meal and came back with a receipt over $30 than what ours was.
When we brought this to her attention she didn't even apologize she just grabbed the tab and came back with the right receipt and the voided out receipt of the first charge.
Overall I know I won't being going back, such a shame too, they spent so much time putting the place together I had such high hopes.
Food was just alright and service was terrible.
Not worth the $$

Okay, first trip here but have been driving past and couldn't wait to try it- we were finally able to since we came in Sunday, as we have tried going there Mondays and they are closed (inconvenient).
My house marg was decent, the chips ok, salsa was fair but the hotter of the two tasted like canned tomato paste with some spice added haphazardly.
Unfortunately, the service was awful.
Side plates and silverware and napkins are nice to have... Refilling iced teas, the waitress asked if my fellow patrons would like more ice, since it had been so long all the ice melted.
The obvious answer is yes please more ice, this being *iced tea and all.
The pollo fundido was too smothered and too soggy, the rice and beans were decent.
My boyfriend's chimi didn't have much meat There was a mix up with our check which topped off the Poor Service Cherry and the waitress didn't seem too concerned or bothered by overcharging us by $20 when we brought it to her attention.
Also, for being brand new I was surprised to find the bathroom smelled like sewage, come on, that's gross.
With all the mexican food restaurants in the area, La Fonda falls short.

HORRIBLE!
We were so excited too!
We visited La Fonda tonight for dinner around 5:45pm.
There were 6 people in our party and we were told a 25 min wait.
I didn't think that was too bad.
We were offered a table in the bar, but had kids with us and didn't want to sit at a tall table.
The wait was about 25 min.
When we were shown to our table my Mom (who had on white capri pants)  barely bumped the chair next to her with her leg when sitting down and got a nice brown wood stain, stain on her pants.
Weird their wood stained chairs would rub off.
When we told the girls up front all they said/offered was,  "Oh, we are sorry!
"  That's it.
To me not okay.
Now on to the food... My brother ordered a cheese crisp as an appetizer.
We waited and waited.
Seriously about 25 more minutes.
Finally asked the server who was like, "Oh, let me go check".
He brought it right out which was about 2 seconds in front of our food.
So you think you can't mess up a cheese crisp, right?
Just cheese on a tortilla?
Well they managed to somehow.
The after taste was like burnt oven or oven type cleaner, maybe?
Awful.
I ordered the 3 item combo.
Fish taco, carne asada taco and cheese enchilada.
Fish taco was good.
Carne asada taco tasted like Pastor, which was kinda odd.
It wasn't bad just didn't taste like carne asada.
Cheese enchilada was terrible.
In fact you could tell that plate had been under a warmer for quite some time.
There was a layer of grease on top, which did not look appetizing.
Instead of being covered in red sauce it has some type of red spicy chili sauce inside.
It did not taste good.
Even the beans and rice that came on the plate were bad!
The beans tasted like crushed up Ranch style beans and the rice had zero flavor and was so seriously clumpy the nicest thing I had to say was that it was easy to get the clumps onto the fork.
I am so disappointed this place isn't good!
We really wanted a new restaurant to visit in the area.
I am not overly picky about food...at all and please let me tell you to save your money or at least go get good Mexican food at Rosita's or Manuel's, that are in the same area.
We will not be back :(  OMGSH I almost forgot!
My son ordered the cheese crisp and beans off the kids menu and when they brought it out they had the bowl of beans sitting in the middle of his cheese crisp.
Who wants the bottom of a bowl in the middle of their food!?
Is that even health code okay?
I asked the server and he said, "Oh, that's the way we serve it".
GROSS GROSS GROSS!

I was very excited to see what the new La Fonda location was like and what the food quality and the menu was going to be like, after the La fonda move from the Scottsdale location.
I used to go to the old location for many, many years, and loved it.
The new Baseline building location has been completely remodled and redecorated inside and out.
It looks great.
Right away, however,  I noticed a menu problem.
I used to order a burrito, alacarte and a taco or two.
The new menu has only burrito combination plates.
You cannot order a burrito ala carte.
A green chili burro will cost you $8.95, and come with beans and rice.
No other option is available.
I was told by our waiter that "They are trying to get away from the ala carte thing.
"  I was very disappointed.
When my "Build Your Own Combo" Lunch Menu order (burros are not offered with this option) came out, I was disappointed.
The shreadded beef taco meat was dry, tough and flavorless.
I could not even bite through it.
A server did offer to replace it with something else, but, I was starting to just want to get out of there, and count my losses.
The ground beef taco had no flavor, and the cheese portion put on both tacos was skimpy, at best.
The cheese enchilada was thin and skimpy.
The plate was very hot, and the beans and rice were OK.
It just is not the La Fonda I used to crave, and I doubt I will be back.
I might give it another chance, down the road a bit, to see if they improve.
This might be another case of a place that used to be good when they were small, but lose it when they expand to a huge new building.

I miss CHUY's on Sunday afternoon.....
So, we tried the new digs at La Fonda.
Just maybe there was a Make your own Bloody Mary special (nope).. ok, new design, looked a LOT more formal and more like a restaurant than a bar.. We sat at the bar to test the food and have a couple drinks.
I got an Amber Dos Equis .... Clean, cold glass oh yea.... but then the after taste had a strong metallic hint to it.
Got Sampler appetizer, BEEF.. Taco, Taquito, Chimi... all 3 the meat was short on flavors, had to scoop in the salsa to get something going on.. Chimi didnt have that chimi crunch.
.. one of the bartenders that came on shift while we were there did nothing but complain about her scheduled hours and being asked to come in to other customers... :-(   Will not be back, cant get shredded beef right, why try anything else..  ++ the chips were good, salsa  eh,,,

I always buy the same thing when I go to a Mexican food restaurant: a bean burro, enchilada style (red sauce).
It's a simple item, but it's my all-time favorite food.
I thought the burro and the enchilada sauce were excellent.
Having a side of beans with my bean burro sounds redundant, but they were yummy.
I liked the rice as well.
I also would have liked to order a burro by itself without getting the beans and rice.
Eating too much wreaks havoc on my six-pack abs.
Okay, I admit it.
I actually have a one-pack, but it would be great to have the choice of getting items a la carte.
I thought the chips, salsa, and red sauce were all good.
All the servers and greeters were very friendly.
I sat at the bar and watched the 2012 Summer Olympics as I ate.
I think they had three (or four) flat screen TVs in the bar.
On one of the TVs tonight, the Diamondbacks were playing the Dodgers.
I hope La Fonda is successful at their new location.
Including the tip, my bill was about $14.00.
That is a tad steep for someone who really only wanted a bean burro, enchilada style.
I will go back, but I'll have to reduce my normal number of visits because of the cost.
I added some photos of my dinner and of the outside of La Fonda, which is located just east of McClintock Rd, on the south side of Baseline Rd.

Food and server were good.
I always find it hard to swallow a place that charges $10-11 for a burrito.
I live close and I was hoping for a new drinking spot to walk to that may take the place of the loved Chuy's.
Nope!
They are serving Coronas for $4.50 each.
A 6 pack is $2 at the store.Why bother.
They need to reduce their beer prices and get better happy hour and reverse happy hour specials if they want business.
Will not go back until I hear of better prices and specials.
Chuy's was cheap and good... learn from the success of the company that was there.

Couldn't wait for it to open, drove past every day surprised to see just a  piece of wood spray-painted "Open soon".
Finally called and found out it was open.
I find it odd that they didn't take the time to paint an "Open at Last" sign.
Anyway, I really enjoyed the other location, so I expected basically the same thing.
The restaurant is very nice - but scaling up the dig includes raising $ as expected.
My margarita was very tasty  - better than the other spot but the food went downhill.
I'm so disappointed!!
Chips and salsa were good, entrees- just okay, beans and rice, really bad.
I hope they figure it out - love having them in the neighborhood.

Very nice setting, excellent food and reasonable prices.
I hope they keep up the quality

La Fonda is back as La Fonda Cantina and even better than before!

My wife and I were excited to eat here as we live around the corner from this place.
Unfortunately we were very disappointed with the food quality.
The chips and salsa were good and the chips served hot.
You get a hot sauce and chunky mild salsa with the chips.
This was the only high point.
Everything else ordered was not fresh tasting.
My wife ordered the fish tacos which tasted like they used frozen fish sticks from trader Joes.
My dish was a combo plate of Green Corn Tamales and Spinach Enchilada.
Both of these items were lame.
The spinach tasting like it came from a frozen bag and the tamale was mushy and bland.
The rice and beans were also bland and lifeless.
Salt and pepper didn't do anything to help.
When the server asked how our food was we told her not good and we would not return.
We got no response from her except the check.
If the food does not improve here it will not last.
Too many good Mexican food restaurants to waste your time and calories here.

When I came on here and saw the rating for La Fonda, I was appalled.
Since I am an Arizona native, I consider myself a Mexican Food connoisseur, and La Fonda is great Mexican food!!
Chips, Salsa annnnnd hot sauce, all delicious.
Options for a skinny margarita, check.
Rice and beans, yum.
Green chile, carne & enchiladas all bueno.
But I think my favorite part is the flour tortillas.
I am not sure if they make them in house or not, but they are legit!
I do wish they had a grilled fish option, or offered free range/anti-biotic free chicken, so I could eat here more often.
Long and short, fantastic Mexican food restaurant, with a really nice atmosphere!

Love the decor changes the new owners made.
A vast improvement of chuy's.
Food was very good.
Delicious chips and salsa.
Service was a little bit spotty.
Slow on the iced tea and water refills.
The kitchen did make sure to bring out some more albondigas soup to my wife which was nice, when they delivered it to the table they said they would because hers was lacking some meatballs, they're call not ours so it was good to see them paying attention to that level of detail.

I had my 1st La Fonda experience with the daughter's location that opened down in Chandler.
LOVED their salsa and the fajitas.
Yum!
We used to eat there a couple of times a month.
When I moved to Tempe, I remembered that the original location was somewhere nearby...then...I saw the coming soon sign go up.
I hate to admit it, but I would drive by and look for sign updates.
I was so happy to see it finally open.
We stopped by around a 5:30 on a Friday night, but ended up leaving.
The wait was approaching an hour and a 2 year old will NOT wait an hour for dinner.
We came back a week or so later for lunch.
The chicken fajitas were just as yummy as I remembered them.
I got the cheese crisp and beans for my daughter; however, she was less than eager for either.
I was less than eager to see the bowl of beans on top of her cheese crisp?
Would have rather had it served off to the side rather than the bowl on top of the cheese.
Quite a bit of the cheese stuck to the bottom of the bowl when I removed it.
=/  .

I am encouraged seeing the owner is reading and responding to user comments.
My experience the second week of its reopening was disappointing and I had made my mind up not to back.
But I came across these recent posts where the owner is engaged and for that will give the restaurant another go.
Not to mess up the ratings but be truthful, I would have rated a 2 before but will rate 3 now until I go back and try again.....
I want this place to be successful, especially since I live nearby....

Used to frequent this place when it was on Scottsdale road.
First visit after the move was horrible but realized that because of the bigger place they probably had to hire new wait staff who were probably overwhelmed as the place was packed.
2nd visit was better, the wait staff was more attentive and I didn't wait 30 min to pay my check.
Food is what I call typical greasy gringo Mexican.
Nothing too special and it will most likely give you indigestion.

Me and my girlfriend went here on our date night, since its less than a mile from our place!
We got seated pretty fast, but it went downhill from there.
Our waiter was nowhere to be seen, and at least 3 employees passed us by without saying a word.
We were hungry and thirsty but after 10 minutes of waiting, we decided that they didn't need our business and we left!
Very disappointed!!
Luckily there is a Garcias right down the street, and we had excellent service as usual.. Don't waste your valuable time on La Fonda's

Fabulous salsa(s) and hot freshly-made chips.
Nice decor.
Separate handicapped/family bathroom.

Bad food, worse service.
Their carne asada looks suspiciously like ground beef, especially since it is mixed with diced peppers and onions.
When I brought this up, the extremely inattentive server, Alicia, told me that's how it comes.
It was also greasy and overcooked.
The guacamole was tasteless and brown....  while it was taken off my bill, at my request,  not even the vaguest sense of concern was offered about my being unhappy enough to send it back.
I would have said something to Alicia about how I was very unhappy about my whole meal, but she never asked.
She hid out in the server station 12 feet away.
30 minutes later, after one reluctant soda refill, no offer of chips or salsa, and a cold plate of food with 3 1/2 bites taken still in front of me, I debated asking to speak with the manager.
I decided against it.
If a server completely fails to notice when someone is very obviously displeased, or even ask, I seriously doubt I would receive much help from the mgmt.
I will never return to La Fonda.

If you want great tasting food and warm, attentive servers, don't go here.
This was by far one of the worse dining experiences we've had in some time.
We dined on a Tuesday night, with only a few other diners there.
We were pretty much ignored for quite a while.
Chips & salsa?
Try 15 minutes after we were seated.
Food was abysmal.
The meat On my wife's nacho's were cold, they had to take them back to get nuked.
My machaca?
Dry, dry, dry.
Flavor?
Think cardboard.
Asked for corn tortillas, got flour.
On top of all this, kids were supposed to eat free as advertised on Tuesdays.
We were charged for both kids, they only removed one of the kids meals.
We finally spoke to the manager on duty, it didn't really seem that she cared about our concerns.

Came here with my husband the other night for a meal.
It is pretty close to the house.
We typically don't love american mexican food.
To much fat and cheese.
This place was decent- not gourmet by any stretch but you can certainly get your mexican fix here.
What I liked: The salsa.
It was really tasty.
I hope they make it there it had just a great fresh flavor.
The chips were warm and salty to.
What I wasn't a big fan off:  the marg was just meh.
I have had way better.
Only refried  beans?
We like whole and find that most places are now offering a choice.
The flour tortilla didn't taste fresh to me.
I might or might not come back.
There is such a selection of mexican food around here that is really really good.

I can't lie.
I went here because of the hilarity of the place's name... and Serrano's is closed on Sundays.
Having a strong hankering for some cheap American-ized Mexican food, we went here on a Sunday afternoon is hopes that La Fonda would be a lady and put out something good.
Although the interior is pretty and they have a sperate dining room and lounge area which is nice so you don't have to sit with screaming children.
I guess we just ordered the wrong dish because neither of us were exceptionally impressed.
Now the salsa was kick ass but the taco salad and chimi were not.
I think I picked the wrong option with putting ground beef in it.
What also was unimpressive was that the salad with gac and sour cream added was $12.
Ugh.
I'd honestly give La Fonda a 2 score but our waitress was very nice and pleasant.

This place is just ok...nothing to write home about.
Service was awful.
Food was average.
Atmosphere was ok, but the Bar looked pretty lively.
I think its really 2.5 stars but its not available.
I would recommend happy hour only for this spot.

Remember what I said in my last review?
I said, "DON'T CHANGE.
"  You changed.
That didn't take long.
The place that seemed so incredible on its first night with so many subtle, balanced flavors suddenly turned into just another Mexican joint with "pretty good" food.
Edible?
Certainly.
But, nothing really outstanding nor distinctive.
We went there again specifically to recreate the opening night experience that we remember fondly.
They just couldn't maintain the quality, and the portions seemed quite a bit smaller too.
No, this just isn't the place to recommend anymore.
I certainly don't bear them any ill will and hope that they can bring the level of quality back up to what it was.
We'll come back some time and see.

Only been to La Fonda's for lunch, but was very impressed with the lunch menu and pricing.
The service an attentiveness was very good and the food came out to our table very quickly.
Had the Chicken Fundito with the Green Chili Sauce and it was unbelieveable.

Awesome chips and salsa ... everything else is quite average.

Stopped in for an after work-work dinner last week.
We had a very nice time.
The service was quick, the food was good and my "skinny" margarita was awesome!
Their chips and salsa is very tasty, not the best, but good enough for me to eat way more than I should have.
I had the chicken fajitas and they were very good.
The grilled veggies that it came with were the highlight I think.
I would defiantly consider going back if we are looking for a dinner spot on this side of town again.

So disappointed.
The last time when it was pretty new it was good.
This visit was horrible.
Carne Asada was overcooked and looked disgusting.
The waiters seem uninterested in helping and only made the occasional pass by.
The place was deserted.
Management needs to get their act together and bring this place back to life.

La Fonda serves up no surprises, which is for some, exactly what they want in a Mexican restaurant.
They have your standard array of chimichangas, fajitas, enchiladas, burros, and tacos, just to name a few, in your basic meats with a smattering of vegetarian options.
Flavors aren't particularly bold, spicy, or stand out in my mind, but the food itself tastes decent.
We started off with the obligatory chips and salsa.
The chips were freshly made, light and crispy.
There were 2 different salsas to dip your chips in, which I appreciated.
There was a chunky mild salsa, and a more uniform blend of spicy salsa.
Out of the two, the chunky salsa had more flavor for me.
As for entrees, I tried some of the chicken chimichanga and had the spinach enchiladas.
The chicken chimichanga was what you'd expect in your typical chimi: shredded marinated chicken, crispy, deep fried outer tortilla.
The chicken was juicy, and it was served with guacamole, beans, cheese, and rice.
The spinach enchilada was OK.
It had a good amount of spinach with sauteed onion, with your choice of enchilada sauce (Red, green, or fundido).
I had it with the red sauce.
I didn't see much of the sauce, and perhaps the kitchen was compensating for this by using a ton of cheese in my plate.
In addition to the cheese on top of the enchilada, there seemed to be an equal amount of cheese to beans and rice in my sides!
For the dairy-inclined, you would be in paradise!
Our server was attentive and friendly.
Drinks were refilled as needed.
The decor was probably the most distinctive element of the restaurant.
Remembering how it used to look back when this building housed Chuy's, La Fonda's improvements have turned what used to be a divey, beachy, beer-guzzling bar into a warm welcoming Southwestern atmosphere.
So if you're looking for a "safe" but not particularly inventive cuisine, in a cute scenic atmosphere, La Fonda is your place.

so the service ended up being pretty good they brought hot chips and two kinds of  salsa before we ordered.and the appetizer (taquitos) were tasty (esp the chicken) lunch was the beef and chicken fajitas.
delicious!
loved to hear the traditional Mexican music playing.

I see a lot of really great reviews here for this place.
I think it boils down to the type of place you are looking for.
My thing is finding little family run ethnic places where the food is good and the prices low.
Service is important, but decor and ambiance are non-factors to me.
On the other hand, if you like average food served up with old, piped in mariachi music and fake, yet expensive, Mexican decor, this would be your place.
My family, when they visit from Indiana, like it just fine.
They enjoy it.
But to me the food was bland to average.
We had a good variety of stuff on our first visit--I had a build it yourself combo plate and Carol had a shrimp dish, can't recall now which one.
Average, as I said.
The salsa was awesome though.
Second visit, salsa still good, other stuff, still average.
Considering how slow they were when we visited, the service was not great--slow and only marginally friendly.
This was on both trips--the first time when it was just Carol and I, and a second time when I went with my family.
That second trip it seemed like maybe the owner or a manager was waiting tables and building up a pretty bad attitude about.
Bottom line...if you  like the real deal take a pass.
If you don't mind this style, give it a try.
It looks good and is not terrible.

Solid Mexican food spot located in a nice Tempe location.
I've gotten orders for dine-in and take-out and have been pleased with both experiences.
Nothing stands out on the menu but I've tried the beef tacos, enchiladas, chili rellano, tostadas, green corn tamales, chimichangas and thought they were all tasty.
Consistent food spot and will continue to go there in the future.

Very family friendly.
Food was really good and the atmosphere was pretty relaxing.
The music playing nice and low so we could talk without yelling.
The waitress was very prompt and friendly.

I ordered two items for carry-out on 7/28/2013.
I was very disappointed in the quality of my food.
I ordered a grilled chicken quesadilla with chicken and cheese only and a ground beef taco with beef and cheese only.
They messed up both items.
They gave me a shredded chicken with tomatoes and onions in it and it was all liquidity.
Then they put lettuce on my taco.
The beef was burnt.
I took a bite of each item before throwing it all away.
The chips were stale and the salsa were bland and did not taste fresh at all!
What a waste of $15!

Your chips and salsa are dynamite - chips are warm and crunchy, lightly salted and the salsa is spiced just right.
But your entrees leave a little something to be desired.
I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner.
Service is quick and friendly but the food again - just okay.
I could compare you to another local family-owned Mexican restaurant here in the valley.

Excellent food, excellant service and great environment.
Fantastic happy hour deals and you can't beat the 99¢ hand poured margaritas on Mondays.
The green chile Marylou is one of our favorites.

My family has been going to La Fonda for over 30 years, since they were at their old location in North Tempe.
It is a family favorite and a place we always look forward to going to!
I love their fresh hot chips, and their 2 different kinds of salsa.
My favorite has always been a bean burrito enchilada style, and even after they moved they have not messed that up.
Thanks for 30 years of good food & memories La Fonda!

When I moved close by last year, my Mom, sister and I were doing a coffee run when we drove past La Fonda.
A Flagstaff resident, she screamed, "Whoa that place is good Meg!
You need to go.
"   So a year later, I finally tried it.
Let's just be upfront right now: This is NOT the same La Fonda near Northern Arizona University.
No connection whatsoever.
Now that that's cleared up, the food was just OK. Not the best quality.
Dude and I shared the Pollo Especial Fundido Burrito.
Shredded chicken with spiced red and green sauce, topped with Fundido sauce and melted cheese.
Not impressed at all, kind of like On the Border and lacking the promised heat (spice).
Delicious silver margarita though, and our server Priscilla took great care of us, so two stars for that.

Seriously, I am a Mex-Foodaholic, and I usually don't turn it down.
Coming from Cali where taquerias are everywhere, that can sometimes set the stage for expectations, but if I know that I really like it, it doesn't really matter to me - authentic or not.
For example, I actually REALLY love Taco Bell.
I don't care if it's authentic or not, I just know that I really like it.
Same with La Fonda.
I mean, for what it is, and if you set your expectations accordingly, their food is pretty good, kind of like a glorified Taco Bell in a sit-down restaurant!
They got it going with regards to aesthetics and vibe, and it's a good place to take your larger groups of family or friends.
Chips were good, and warm, and were served with something that was more of like a spicy hot sauce, and another that was more mild.
I ordered the following -   CHEESE CRISP Large toasted flour tortilla covered with melted cheese.
5.75 Add green chile strips, tomatoes or green onions for 1.00 per item  ENCHILADA TRIO One beef enchilada with red sauce, cheese enchilada with green sauce and chicken enchilada with fundido sauce.
Served with rice and beans.
12.50  Quite honestly, they were all pretty good, and the price was right.
Service wasn't bad, either.
The only thing is that my buddy insisted that I try something with the  Fundido Sauce cuz he thought it was the absolute bomb, and is one of their signature items.
Apparently it's made out of melted cheese and sour cream, and served/poured over the top of some of their items, though I didn't quite feel the love there ;-)

We've had a few different items at La Fonda.
Burritos are standard.
Well done, but not mind-blowing.
Chips and salsa are great, of course.
What did blow my mind though, was the chilaquiles!
This is a dish I had for the first time in Puebla, Mexico years ago.
I never expected it in Tempe.
It's a dish of tortilla chips smothered in sauce, red or green, with cotija cheese and a fried egg on top.
Sounds weird, but it is amazing.
Definitely try it with the green chile sauce.

The ambiance is good.
Sangria was good too.
But we were a big party and sitting on a big table.
I asked for a salsa refil, the server picked one off our table, turned around and handed it over to me.
I was thinking of giving 4 stars, but just 3 for now!

This place is amazing.
The chips are fresh and cooked there and taste great.
Ordered the enchilada trio the beef was good but the green cheese and chicken fundido was amazing.
Also ordered was a shredded beef taco, carne asada, mini combo and machaca.
All were really good.
Definitely a place to return to.
Portions were good sized as well.
Only bad part is they have coke not Pepsi.

I began going to La Fonda after I found it on lists of celiac-friendly restaurants in Tempe.
I was assured by the wait staff that the corn tortillas were free of wheat.
Every time we ordered, we made it clear that the wheat thing was a health issue, not a preference, and we were always assured that my meals would be safe.
So we ate there every week or two for a few months.
A few weeks ago, we made a take-out order and went through the whole "wheat-free" spiel.
This time, though, the employee told us that the corn tortillas are made in-house and contain wheat flour.
She said she has worked there for several years and it has always been the case.
I am disappointed to learn that eating at La Fonda isn't safe for me, and that they were not honest with me about it.

My daughter and I had lunch here today for the first time.
Nice atmosphere, fresh chips, good salsa and hot sauce.
My daughter loved her chimichanga.
I had a combo with shredded beef taco, enchilada, rice and beans, all good.
Plenty of food, we both brought home half of our plate.
We are looking forward to coming again and trying some other things on the menu.

Saturday night at 8pm there was no wait for a table.
Chips literally have steam coming off of them.
Salsa is tasty.
Service was fast.
I had spinach enchiladas and my husband also had the enchiladas with egg.
Very good food.
Large portions.

