Needed a rolex watch to add to my collection so I stopped by this location on my way out from Kohl's to see what they had to offer and I'm sure glad I did.
The staff was very helpful and genuinely friendly and let me try on pretty much every rolex they had in their case.
I ended up buying a Stainless steel date just for a very reasonable price.
They even warranty all their watches when you buy them, so that was another plus for me.
All in all these guys know what they are doing and are very professional.
Will definitely be back around the holidays.

Could b friendlier.
Barely Any facial expressions Picked up jewelry I had re dipped, salesman barely looked @ me, didnt remove jewelry from little bags for me..just put them on counter..."thats $160" Maybe vamp up ur CS

Brought my 9 year old Tag Heuer in for repair.
Free Estimate.
5 week turn around.
Great communication.

AVOID - Particularly if you are selling gold.
I visited this satellite store in Avondale and was essentially ripped off.
During a visit to appraise and potentially sell a 14K gold ring, I went in knowing the spot price of $1325.
While weighing my ring, I asked, so what spot price are you using?
"$1325" she says.
The ring weighed 10.1 dwt (pennyweight) and I was offered $171 ... being trustworthy, and having been told the daily spot value, I agreed to the sale.
However, SELLER BEWARE - after weighing the item and calculating the actual gold value ($390 in this case) ... they HALVE the amount and make an offer.
In other words, they're not using the daily spot value as implied --- in my case, they used a $580 spot value!
Once home, I thought - this can't be right - and I contacted the buyer to confirm her math ...
I got a rude and unprofessional response of "It's a Done Deal - Sorry for the Inconvenience".
In elevating the situation to the buyer-supervisor at the main store, he admitted to always shooting for and expecting 100% (profit) and that he was "totally comfortable in quoting the daily spot value".
Who in their right mind would sell $390 worth of gold for $171?
Well, I thought I was prepared, knowing the spot value and even the dollars per gram based on carat ... and, I presumed E.D.
Marshall, having been in the valley since 1971 and with all their nice advertising, was a reputable and ethical business ...
I should have known better.
Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY.
During my conversation, in-person, with the buyer-supervisor, I clearly expressed my discontent and concern over being 'taken' for far more than a reasonable profit margin (128% in this case) and asked to buy the ring back.
He refused - and pretty much said, "Can't help you".
With that, I expressed my deep disappointment at what I perceived as poor business ethics and zero customer relations; that they had lost my future business, and that I would share this poor experience with all those I knew, to which the supervisor said, "That is your prerogative.
" So, here I am - exercising my prerogative and simply sharing facts of a lousy exchange with E.D.
Marshall.
UNPROFESSIONAL - NO ETHICS.

