I recently moved in The Modern, formerly known at Luxe Lofts, which failed with the economy tanked even though the exterior was 95% done and the interior 98% done.
Since becoming The Modern, it has gotten a wonderful facelift with some fresh stucco and beautiful finishes all around the complex.
Coming from Veer Towers, my standards were pretty high, but The Modern seems to be fitting the bill fairly well.
The amenities seem endless here!
The gym is fantastic with a wide variety of equipment and is looked upon by the yoga loft above it.
There's a private room for massages, showers, a bathroom specifically for gym use.
There's a steam room and sauna.
The pool area is not just one pool, but three pools lined with cabanas and completed with a large jacuzzi, big enough for fifteen people or more.
The common area has nice large lounging couches with fountains, grills and a fire pit (can't wait until winter!
) There's a club house with a large television for watching movies, but really, who wouldn't want to just watch a movie in pajamas in their own unit?
My favorite part about the club house is that they have table shuffleboard!
Yes.
Really.
They also have Foosball tables around the property.
On the roof they have another area dedicated to entertaining.
It's outfitted with large dining tables and more grills.
The security here seems decent enough, and at the moment the whole complex is barely occupied since they are for sale as of recently.
They are currently renting out only a few units, and selling the majority of them which I think will keep a certain kind of resident.
The only issue with this complex is that it's TOO new.. there's still a lot of hiccups.
Getting things fixed and turned on.. having the trash chute unlocked which still hasn't happened!
It took a couple weeks to get the access card for the gym and pool.
I'm sure over time these things will smooth themselves out.
For now, I'm just enjoying the peaceful quiet and sleekness of the modern glass walkways, the wood floors, large picture windows, granite counter tops and kitchen bedecked with stainless steel Kitchen Aid appliances.

Moving into The Modern has been the best moving experience.
Being located on Flamingo 10 minutes from the strip is the best of both worlds for me, I am not in the middle of all the craziness on the strip, but if I need to be I can quickly.
After looking at a lot of different high-rises and condos in Vegas, I concluded that The Modern is the place to be at a great value with plenty of living space... & there is lots of privacy, great amenities, and it is very quit!
The staff there is awesome, and Evelyn has been absolutely the best to work with in helping me with my overall moving experience!
I give The Modern 5 stars because overall its everything I was looking for and the move-in experience was a breeze.

I recently moved into the Modern from Loft 5 and Wow!
The staff are so friendly and ready to assist with anything, the neighbors are cool, friendly and easy going, the parking is soooo much better than Loft 5.
No gym membership necessary anymore because our gym is all you need AND it overlooks the pool area which has CABANAS!
Something Loft 5 also lacks.
The electronic key cards are a very nice "Modern" touch (see what I did there?).
I really like the recently completed community room which has a pool table shuffle board and foosball table and multiple flat screens.
The location is great and the atmosphere is amazing.
You have to live here.

Just toured with a cousin of mine- AMAZING property- It feels like your in Miami!
The aesthetics are incredible  and the grounds are gorgeous- and SO secure.
The manager, Leslie, was very informative and helpful.
The location does not seem ideal in the least bit, being more towards the suburbs.
But, the building itself has more to offer than most comparable high-rises.
I love it.

great apartment

Awesome

The Modern had a large bill to fill with my wife and I coming from LA.
It has done that and more.
Probably the only kind of modern living at this level in Las Vegas.
It's within great proximity to the strip so if you want to get get crazy it's a safe cab ride away.
And far enough removed that you don't feel as tho your the center attraction in a 3 ring circus.
The amenities and architecture are just what they claim to be....Modern.
Great thing about that all of our furniture fit just perfectly being that's exactly what our tastes are.
A great management team with friendly and prompt service round out a great living experience.
I highly suggest giving this place a look if your in the market to buy or rent.

This is a great place to live.
VERY upscale and the best amenities I've ever seen in a condo complex.
The pool is BETTER than most hotels.....they even have foosball by the pool!
Check it out and DEF see Jeslie....she's the best!

This place is a quality establishment!
The customer service is wonderful and JESLIE is always a pleasure to deal with and always has a smile on her face.
I am so glad I found my home, finally!!
!This is a must see high end luxury urban living condo !
EDDY H

