This review is just for the wedding coordinator at The Westin.
The hotel and the staff were wonderful, thats why I gave it an extra star.
However, I must give feedback for the experience we had with Matu Cleaver.
My sister in law booked a wedding and was told that she wouldnt need a coordinator as the hotel does everything, nice right?
Wrong!
First, she did not show up to rehearsal.
So she had no idea that one of the bridesmaids was not in the wedding.
She then shows up to the wedding late!
Over an hour!
The basic characteristics of a wedding planner should at least be smiling and being positive.
This women was angry, always on her cell phone, and overall had a nasty attitude.
She showed up in shorts and a tank-top, looking like she partied the night before.
We asked her when dinner would be served and she actually put down her phone, and responded so nasty.
To top it all off, the flowers for the bridesmaid arrived late where the stems of the flowers were to long.
As the bride is in her dress, she asked for help to cut the stems.
That wasnt Matu's job to help!
So I see the BRIDE IN HER DRESS CUTTING WET STEMS WHILE MATU IS JUST STANDING THERE!!
Out of control!!
I was appalled by this women behavior.
If you're a coordinator then your job is to be helpful, happy, and a positive person.
I hope you read this Matu and learn from your mistakes and either shape up or ship out!

Got a last minute room late on a Thursday night, arrived to a friendly receptionist, room upgrade, refreshingly quiet/peaceful/clean room and hotel, and nice pool.
Separate kid-friendly activity pool keeps the "adult" pool fairly quiet.

Staff and crew are awesome.
Did some paddling on the lake for $30 for first timers but 20& for returned guest.
The lounge was relaxing.
I do recommend this place to have a fast get away.
Not so expensive.
Remember to sign in the rewards card.

this place is just ok. it has a very relaxing resort feel, but misses the mark in key areas.
did not have a good dining experience and could not sleep all night due to some strange gurgling sound that came out of our bathroom sink every half hour.
i think the property is showing it's age and the pipes (and bathroom overall) need some updating.
the walls are also paper thin.
i could hear the entire conversation of the neighbors next door from my bathroom.

Very nice property, awesome views of the lake with a relaxing effect.
However, the pool area and bar close way too early.
I would expect more out of the price tag it come with.
Rooms were very clean and definitively a relaxing experience, but the nightlife in the hotel and its surrounding areas is seriously deprived, unless you want to drive 45+ mins to the Strip.

I'll update this review a bit later - but wanted to write on right away!
Staff and crew are incredible!
I have my dog with me and they have been completely sweet with her.
I would give them 5 stars if they took the 'pet-friendly' a bit farther, pet spa, doggy daycare (so she could be worn out), a large free run area for dogs, a swim area we could go (or just hours dogs could go).
I was so pleased with my stay that we decided to stay another night!

I like the room.
very nice view of the lake.
I like the man-made beach with white sand.
pretty!
the spa here is not worth going to.
except for the Aveda shampoo and conditioner in the shower.
there's no Jacuzzi!!!
WTH!
the location is very far from Vegas.
so if you plan on gambling.
don't stay here.
overall, I like the hotel itself.
so I will be back again.

Beautiful resort but Not a safe place for families.
Front desk staff misrepresented activities.
First of all, I booked this hotel (on July 4) because the hotel front desk told me there would be fireworks on July 4.
I came to find out the fireworks at Lake Las Vegas was the night before.
The next issue I paid for two rooms that were joined with a door in between because I had two pre teen girls staying in that room.
I only received two separate rooms  Third, we left after only one night ( I pre-paid for 2 nights) after I saw two rival Los Angeles type gang member ( who were carrying firearms) stare each other down.
This happened on July 4th outside by the pool.
I talked to security and they said I as over reacting, we left on July 5.
The front desk manager said, "That this could never happen here!
Note this is a beautiful resort for families.
I just could not believe the way we were treated and what was going down at this very nice Westin Resort.
I will never again stay at a Weston resort or property.

I'd been driving for hours.
I booked through Priceline (a GREAT service to save money) and I ended up at The Westin Lake Las Vegas.
Fine.
...If you want a hotel in THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE.
It's 45 minutes to the strip from here.
Awesomeness.
Next up...an additional $22 dollar fee.
This "resort fee" is another way of bleeding you for more money on top of what you've already paid.
This is what is included in the "resort fee"  -Daily newspaper -Parking, Hmm...  (I'm in the middle of nowhere.
There is parking for MILES.
Did you expect me to fly here and materialize at the front desk?
WTF?
)  -Access to fitness center -Access to sauna and steam rooms at the spa -Bottled water in room -Incoming faxes (ever heard of the world wide web?
thanks for charging me for obsolete technology.
-Access to pool and spa tub -Unlimited local and 800 calls -Airline boarding pass printing (See Incoming faxes) -Notary Public services (Yeah, I need that all the time when I sleep somewhere for 8 hours and leave.
)  The first room they sent me to was not ready.
I called front desk, they fixed the problem, new room.
The good news: It's quiet.
Internet works.
It's clean.
The AC is fast and responsive.
Stay here if you want to be charged more for services that should be included in the first place.
Stay here is you want to be 45 minutes from Las Vegas.
:)  Good luck!

Very disappointed.
Prices are high and the resort fee rubs you wrong.
We rented 2 rooms on the "family plan"', only to find the pricing on Expedia to be much better - to late, 3 day cancellation.
Both of our rooms had extremely dirty carpet, and one was supposed to be a suite.
How carpet gets that dirty on the 6th floor I will never know but I really don't think it's been shampooed in years.
Paddle boarding is $30 first hour then $20 an hour after that.
Food prices in all restaurants is very high with not many options off property.
This property does not live up to the westin name.
I wouldn't suggest anyone stay at this location

I agree with Krysta, the earlier reviewer.
I stayed here many many times when it was a Loews so I immediately chose it for my cousins, sister and I to stay for my sister's bachelorette weekend.
What a complete and utter disappointment.
I won't go into detail but I ran into road blocks and poor service with literally EVERY aspect of our stay.
And even after the very small gesture they gave, providing us with one complimentary cocktail each, the drink bill showed up on my final statement and had to go to the front desk at 6am before we left for the airport to clear up the charge, which took about a half hour.
Thanks, but no thanks.
I thought about giving it just one star, but the property is beautiful (everything looks identical from when it was Loews) so that's worth one more star.
While I'll never stay here again,  I'd say if you're going for the lovely lakeside views, go, but don't expect anything in terms of service.

I arrived shortly before 3:00 and was told my room wasn't ready.
They sounded apologetic and told me that they would call me when my room was ready.
I waited over two hours before I called to check on the room.
I wasn't able to reach the front desk but the operator told me she would check on the room and call me back.
At 6:30 I received a call from the front desk telling that my room wasn't ready but they found a room for me.
The person made me feel like he was doing me a favor.
I also seemed to bea bother to the front desk clerk but they offered me two free drink coupons for my inconvenience.
The room I received wasn't as clean as I expected.
I used the drink coupons that night and received poor service at best from the waitress.
Overall a very poor experience.
One star is generous.

I stayed here for three nights while in town for business.
Yes, this place is away from Vegas, but a simple map search shows that.
Plus, that fact makes it a great location to get work done, as there are fewer distractions.
My coworkers and I had a great time at the lounge here and enjoyed all our meals at Rick's Cafe, one of the restaurants onsite.
We got a great rate, better than the rate I got in Vegas, and I got free Wi-Fi and Ethernet internet access, something unheard of in Vegas.
I'd definitely suggest this resort for someone looking for the warmth of Vegas but just to relax and not for the entertainment.
One downside, at least from a business perspective, is that the screens and projectors are outrageously overpriced.
You can buy a new projector for the cost of renting one for a day.

I enjoyed my stay at the Westin.
From the moment I got here, the service is exceptional.
Location and atmosphere was great.
Family friendly place especially with their pool area.
There was a waterslide going into the activity pool.
The other pool was open to everyone but seemed like adults were there.
They let you check out putters for their putting green, basketball for their full court, ping pong stuff, and more.
They has events going on and had a beach to paddle board or pedal boat or kayak.
Lots of fun in the resort itself - restaurant was okay and wish they had more options.
Great stay if you want to getaway from the strip scene.
We were able to go to the village at the lake, drove to lake mead, and visit around the area.

Loved this hotel.
Nice rooms, huge pool area and the surroundings are gorgeous.
Dine in Marssa...unforgetable sushi!

This is a terrific spot if you to be far from the strip!
The rooms are luxurious and comfy, the outside bar is very relaxing with a view of the lake, the sushi dinner was very nice thanks to our sushi chef, Kav.
We had a little bump in the road when we checked in, however, the manager, Cole took care of us immediately.
There was lightening so we didn't get to use the pools & spas, however, we did sneak a cast or two at the carp under the dark of night!
We had a very lovely room with access to the grounds which was nice because our lab was with us.

This is a great place to stay.
Had a Primerica big event here the service is great, super clean!

As a frequent traveler I cannot give this Westin more than two stars.
Upon arrival the valet guys were friendly and very courteous.
They turned out to be the best part about this hotel!
The bell hop guy was the worst I've ever experienced.
Didn't get his name I was so disgusted but he was there in the mornings around seven.
(Not the slender guy with the goatee).
Waited in line to check in for over 15 minutes with only two people in front of me.
Had to be at a business event and the crappy service the hotel uses to handle packages sent there "lost" it costing us hundreds of dollars.
They "comped" the delivery / handling fees for the trouble.
Seriously?
Thanks for nothing guys.
The bed in the room was comfy and the the coffee was good.
Try the Ravella and skip this spot.

First off let me say I didn't want to give this place 1 star I was so excited to find a hotel away from the strip.
So to have experienced this service was very dissapointing.
Especially since I chose this hotel and concinced everyone to come along When they wanted to stay else where.
I stayed here for 3 days last week.
I should have taken the check in process as a sign.
The agent was, snobby, unapproachable, almost seemed like she was on a power trip.
I brushed it off because I chose to make the best of it.
I do remember her name but I am not that person.
However I did expect courtesy.
I did have to call pbx often and the only positive things I could mention are patty on the phone was extremely kind always answered my calls with my name.
And housekeeping did great at servicing the room.
The pool was amazing!
Beautiful.
Valet and the shuttle guy were so nice and polite entertained my family and was all round a great employee!
Great hospitality.
Why 1 star?
Front desk as I mentioned.
And room service was so rude in the way she spoke to me when I ordered I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't decide what to order because everything I wanted they were out of.
I have worked in hospitality and I just couldn't believe it.
I've never treated someone this way.
The experience that just crossed it for me was when I asked front desk what they could do for me because my rooms window didn't open and why was my room giving me allergies and much discomfort, I had watery eyes, red eyes, itchy skin stuffy nose.
It was only happening When I was in the room.
They said maybe an allergic reaction and maybe the people before me snuck in a cat.
It was so late I couldn't change rooms.
They said they can't do anything else.
I asked for cream, benadryl, they said the gift shop was closed.
I was stuck.
I know I had a good deal for the rooms but I still expected something to be done or Atleast some resolution.
I just wish my experience was better.
But thank you to patty housekeeping, john from valet and that wonderful pool...pools!

A world away from The Las Vegas Strip, and it is worth the trip if you are looking to quiet things down for a bit.
There is no Casino, no neon, just a very nice resort about 15 miles from strip.
They have redone it a bit, there was a sort of Arabian Nights theme, some remnants still remain.
The back patio has a spectacular view of the lake.
Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

Nice place but a long way from Vegas fun.
The economic downturn has taken a big toll on the grounds.

This place really made our New Years Eve special and took up the slack where Ravella failed.
Champagne in our room and an overall nice experience plus Lake Las Vegas is absolutely beautiful as well as the surrounding properties.
Also they allowed us to have a late checkout due to our late night New Year partying and were prompt and accurate with the billing.
My hat is off to them for this.
Now the reason they didn't get 5 stars and I have ordered room service here before so I don't know why it was a problem last night.
STAY AWAY FROM ANY BUFFET THEY MAY HAVE We went to their New Years Buffet held in what looked like a meeting room.
Menu looked awesome but the food was absolutely gross and cold.
Yes, COLD like the arctic frost here my friends and we had to clear our own dishes and get our own water and were swamped by miscommunication (they didn't believe I was a guest at the hotel until I showed them my keycard as I wasn't on their "list") My gf and I actually felt sorry for them and how badly this was put together.
Needless to say our $72.00 meal left us unsatisfied and the $7.00 food we had to go out and get at Del Taco not only satisfied us, but it filled us up completely.
We also were given a handicap room....Lord knows why  Also they really don't have any rooms with views.
We were supposed to get a Lake View Room which was nothing more than an overlook of their pools which was blocked by Palm Trees.
Overall a positive experience.

This is a nice qetaway location out of Las Vegas.
It is incredibly beautiful out there.
Not a bad view.
The hotel itself was nice and did meet my expecations for the brand.
Nice little touches.
Just note there is not allot near by.
So unless you are up for a ride into Las Vegas you are limited to your food and shopping choices.
However the hotel does provide a free shuttle to the nearby village and you can schedule a shuttle to and from the strip.
The one really sad part is that the area has been hit by the recession.
There are so many closed buildings.
The golf course is gone.
This does not take away from the location too much but its sad to see.
The food in the hotel is a bit pricey but the quality is OK.
I think it is a bit over priced but what can you expect.
Just don't order the Creme Brule.
I definately woudl stay here again.
It was a wonderful experience and the staff is awesome.

I was just at this hotel last night.
As a plat I was not thrilled with the hotel charging me a $22 resort fee either.
I wonder who are the people in management that think something like this makes sense.
I had a pretty mediocre meal in the cafe at night.
When I went for my continental breakfast I found out that I was charged $4.00 for my orange juice which is not included since I had coffee.
You must be kidding me.
One thing that makes me unhappy is getting ripped off.
I often go to pricey places but I always seem to find value in my travels.
When I see things like this, they dont make sense.
Plat is the highest status at SPG.
I did not get any room upgrade and the rooms are pretty ordinary there.
The property is nicer looking than the rooms.
The internet works very poor as noted by others.

Awesome place.
The pools were very nice and had a great set up with the comfy chairs next to it.
I am sad I wasn't here during the summer to truly enjoy it.
My parents actually lifted up the sheets on the bed to see what type of mattress it was they liked it so much.
Not your standard LV resort (no casino etc), but is a great place to stay.
The one star is knocked off because of the resort free that I was charged.
I booked it on priceline so I had no way of knowing of the fee prior to my booking.

We chose the Westin Lake Las Vegas for our destination wedding and it far surpassed all of our expectations!
Friends and family traveled from across the country to share in our special day and they are still talking about their resort experience months later.
Being from out of state, the Westin staff worked closely with us to ensure that we had quality vendors and that careful detail was paid to every aspect for our special day.
The location was phenomenal, the food was incredible, and the resort was stunning.

One of my favorite things about every Westin, this one included, is the overall sensory experience.
Everything smells amazing and is fashioned in an air of decadence and luxury that you cannot get from just any hotel.
The room was wonderful, overlooking the golf courses with a sliding door that we could open to let in the amazing fresh air.
As usual the beds were amazing and there was an overabundance of pillows.
The Spa called in an extra person to accommodate us and our time.
The pool was secluded, quiet and lovely.
If you're looking ofr a quiet get away this is the place to be, definitely a nice change of pace from the Vegas we see on TV.

We chose this place for the pet friendly accommodations.
We went from LA to LV with our dog and it was a good experience at this hotel.
We've taken our pet to Napa before so we knew this was a great rate in terms of everywhere else.
We quickly checked in and got our room.
Everything worked out for us.
We were able to walk our dog around the expansive location to get some fresh air.
I don't know if there were any amenities available like bikes or activities on the water.
Maybe it was closed for winter?
I didn't see any activities like that otherwise I might've taken advantage of the bikes.
It's a shame the grass isn't maintained on the non-existent golf-course.
The hotel should really take advantage of holding weddings and special events there since there's no casino.
Or even a great buffet.
Just a suggestion to drive traffic.
The special events office we walked by when we were there was never open.
Otherwise, the location is a bit of a ghost town and a 30 minute drive to the strip.
The best part of the trip?
We noticed they waived the pet fee for us.
Being courteous and personable to staff  goes a long way.

This is the place to stay if you are looking for a vacation instead of a casino trip to Vegas.
You will feel like you're in another country.
The strip is close enough if you are renting a car.
The beach area and overlook is extremely nice.
I liked all the fire pits set up around the hotel and on the beach.
The pool area is nice as well.
It felt like a really small hotel which was nice after having to walk a mile from your room to anywhere on the strip hotels.
I will most likely stay here next time I'm in Vegas.
For the rate I paid it was an easy 5 star rating.
I don't know what more I could want in a hotel for the money paid.

Stayed here six months ago or so with a friend and really enjoyed it.
As most have said it's far away from the noise and madness of the Las Vegas strip yet accessible enough to venture off to the land of lights and slot machines.
While there dinner was fairly easy to get but the prices reminded me I was still in Las Vegas...sadly.
I absolutely love that this property is pet friendly.
As a Starwood member it's great to see that trend continuing.
I was very surprised and happy when this resort became a part of the Starwood family.
I wish the resorts had rooms with sunken spa tubs.
Although, I love the stand up showers offered the option for a spa tub would be lovely.
I just finished booking my next stay for the resort coming up in May.
This reservation will be for a romantic birthday celebration.
I'm not sure what water rental equipment they provide, if any as the website does not disclose that.
Let's see how the next review goes.....

I think that the hotel was OK, but a little out dated... What I'm most upset about is the area where this hotel is located!!!
Let's talk about the Golf Course, wait let's not!, the Golf Course is dead / Yellow & not open for business!
I was going to bring my clubs, boy would that have pissed me off!
This is a Dead End Place, at least I could drive to Vegas to clear my head, it is just too much to pay for a coupe of pools!
Very depressing place to stay !!!
Sorry but it's true, I won't be coming back of that I am most certain !!!
I went to great cost & effort to spend a couple of days there & the deluxe suite was very small & the walls are like cardboard !!!
The lake is Black & I had no desire to step foot in it !!!
I can now see why this area went through bankruptcy & how several hotels have come & gone in this location !!!
If it were only $100.00 I could see some value in this place, but at their rates Sorry but No Way !!!
It should be called Lake LOST Vegas, as this place is a LOSS !!!
If you still want to go, know that YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!

Stayed here over the weekend (4/27/13).
Let's be clear about what the Westin is and what it isn't.
It is: 1) A family friendly resort that comes complete with an adult pool and a kiddie pool (with a Kid-Cabana).
2) The usual amenities: a spa, a gym, dining options, kayak'ing, fly fishing, boating, etc.
3) It has a killer interior lobby area with soaring ceilings and a massive opening in the back that leads out to a patio with multiple fire pits and a view of the lake.
4) staffed by friendly, professional people who make you feel right at home.
It is not: 1) A party spot; 2) A casino; 3) An uber-modern, sleek-looking, hipster hotspot.
The resort is a good solid 40 minute drive from the Strip, which has its pros and its cons.
My wife and I found the drive back to the resort a bit tiring after a night spent partying at Hakkasan at the MGM.
I don't blame the resort for that, it's located where it's located and we chose to stay there - but be forewarned that it is a drive.
We got a last-minute deal on Hotwire and ended up paying less than $90 (and that's including taxes, fees, etc.
) for a night.
At that price, it was an amazing deal.
PS - The Heavenly bed is sooooo comfortable I could sleep for a week.
All in all, for myself and what I'm looking for (a quiet resort within 20 minutes of the Strip), I would probably look more closely at Green Valley Ranch or maybe Red Rock, just because they're closer to the Strip.
But you certainly can't go wrong staying at the Westin.
A beautiful property with friendly staff at a bargain price.
What could be wrong with that?

We chose to come here for a relaxing girls getaway over Memorial Day weekend and we were pretty impressed with our stay.
The resort was absolutely beautiful, both inside and outside.
We definitely would come back.
A couple things to note - it definitely does have a "family resort" feel to it.
If you're coming here with a mood to party, this is not the place for you.
We wanted to go somewhere hot and sunny for our little getaway, but did not feel like partying this time - so this place was perfect for us!
None of us have kids and we're in our late 20's early 30's - and this place definitely wasn't a bore.
It does feel really quiet, comparing to the strip.
But it does come back to live at night.
They had live music on Saturday night at the lounge, and outside patio (which is huge) was a big hit with us.
(The only down side is that every now and than desert bugs would try to get closer to the fire, so if that stuff freaks you out - be aware).
Don't worry though, the bugs were nowhere near the inside though!
The inside was definitely clean and fresh.
Someone in the earlier comments mentioned some smell - we did not smell it inside at all... Outside, every now and than there would be a random wiff of odd smell, but that definitely is the lake, as we noticed it at the Village at Aston Resort as well.
Our way to look at that smell positively?
It just smelled like Florence!

Stayed here for Father's Day weekend.
This hotel is fine.
What makes it is it's atmosphere and the surroundings.
I love that it's on Lake Las Vegas.
There are a number of recreation opportunities including kayaking, stand up paddle boarding, fitness center, and fishing.
The pool area is really nice as well.
There's not a lot of selection as far as restaurants go.
There are a couple places in the hotel to get food or you can drive around the lake to Montelago Village.
You can also get food in Henderson.
Remember, there is no gaming in this hotel, so if that's what you're looking for you should go elsewhere.
As for the "Heavenly" bed, I'm not sure what that was about.
Our bed was incredibly firm and not heavenly at all.
Overall, the hotel is a nice place to escape and relax.
I'm sure we'll be back.

The Westin did a Groupon which said pool access for 4 guest and one spa service per guest.
I bought the groupon and booked an appointment with the spa for my 4 guest.
2 hours later they called me and said they had made a mistake and the groupon should have said one spa service instead of one per guest.
They would not honor my groupon even though it clearly says one spa service per guest.
I emailed the General Manager and his assistant called me back and said they will not honor the groupon but will give me a happy hour pricing for the other 3 massages.
In my opinion if something is in writing it should be honored.
Obviously the Westin doesn't feel the same way.
I am very disappointed in their customer service.

It was a great hotel but the rooms weren't as nice as the rest of the hotel.
The property itself is gorgeous .
I sure didn't feel like I was in Las Vegas

The experience booking the room started off shaky when I tried to book the room over the phone when I called them directly.
They had a deal on their website that said to mention it when you called.
The person in reservations had no idea and said there were no rooms available that weekend.
I saw there were rooms available online.
Feeling frustrated, I called the 800 number.
The lady that booked the reservation not only booked the room for the weekend I wanted but gave me a great package deal which was less than the deal they had on their website.
This person was so nice and accommodating, she changed my mind.
So Kudos to her.
When I booked the room, we got a free valet parking, Lakeview room upgrade.
2  breakfast vouchers and two drink vouchers at the Arabesque lounge.
It was a pretty good deal.
We came to the Westin for our anniversary getaway.
Its the one time of the year we get away child free for some relationship celebration and recharge time.
This hotel is beautifully decorated with a cool Moroccan theme, we were very impressed.
The front desk staff was very friendly and accommodating.
Our room was beautiful!
The view, Wow, it was gorgeous.
You honestly think you are in another state.
There is a little balcony too so you can open the door and get some fresh air.
Another thing worth mentioning is the bed.
It was so damn comfortable.
I laid down and didn't want to get up.
The down comforter, was great too.
The property is so beautiful.
We just walked around and took all of the beauty in.
At night, they have a fire pit and two fireplaces in the courtyard area.
Yes its August and hot but it was still pretty awesome.
They give s'mores kits away if you want to do something that will bring you back to your childhood.
A very neat touch.
They have to pools, one is for the children with waterslides and kid activities and the other is more for adults.
Both beautiful pools.
They also offer some cool outdoor recreation things like stand up paddle boarding, kayaking and paddleboats.
We had the choice of kayaking or paddle boating with our deal too.
We decided to try the paddle boat which was pretty cool.
I can say, ALL the staff we came into contact here were very friendly.
That says a lot.
All in all, we had an amazing time and will definitely be back

Our stay at the Westin Lake Las Vegas was unfortunately very disappointing and upsetting.
This was the 4th time that my wife and I have stayed at the Lake Las Vegas Resort.
We have come there each time to rest and relax.
After having checked in on Monday 8-12-13 we went to the upper pool and found that the pool was closed for a private event.
On Tuesday morning we went to the upper pool and once again found that the pool was closed for a private event.
After discussion with a number of Westin employees we learned that the upper pool would be closed until 2:00 on Friday.
This was a surprise to us, as well as, the employees that we spoke with.
We were not informed that the upper pool would be closed when we checked in nor were we advised of this when we reserved our stay.
Additionally, it was not until Tuesday morning when I submitted a comment card that we saw a memo at the Front Desk indicating that the upper pool would be closed until 2:00 on Friday.
While we have grown kids of our own and we thoroughly enjoyed them growing up but we did not come to the Westin Lake Las Vegas to sit by and go into the Kids pool.
The Kids pool is shallow and was noisy, splashing, throwing of balls, etc.
which is not relaxing at all.
To be able to enjoy the upper pool only 1 14 days out the six days that we stayed at the Westin is extremely disturbing and not at all what was anticipated by us as a paying guest.
At numerous times of which we were not allowed to use the upper pool it was observed that no more than eight people were using the upper pool during the private event and at least 34 of the upper pool was empty.
This was absolutely ridiculous in that the Westin allowed the remainder of the pool to not be used by their paying guests.
The Westin informed us that they would drive us to the Hilton Hotel to use their pool during our stay and we confronted the Westin regarding the situation concerning the upper pool.
If we wanted to use the Hilton's pool then we would have booked our stay with the Hilton.
As I noted on my comment card that I submitted to the Front Desk Manager, it is apparent that Westin's policy is to cater and pamper large groups and not individuals that have returned to the Resort.

This resort is amazing!
The view is amazing, and I think it's great that kayaking and pedal boats are available to guests for free.
That was the first thing we took advantage of right when we checked in.
I read some reviews about bad service, but the only time I experienced that was with Rick's Cafe, a restaurant in the hotel.
(That will be a separate review.
) So if there is some ownership relationship there, that would be the thing to work on: making sure ALL your employees represent the Westin properly.

Awesome getaway...
Relaxing.
Clean rooms.
Complimentary drives to the strip and nearby casino.
2 Complimentary drinks (alcoholic) and breakfast for two.
Free use of paddleboards/paddleboats/kayaks in the lake Awesome pools

Good experience and good customer service, but you can tell the place is a little run down and has lost there attention to detail.
The premises are very nice, but needs an update really bad.
Breakfast buffet at Rick's was very good, but dinner selections were just okay.
Hope they step it up here soon, because its very nice to stay away from the strip in a family and pet friendly hotel.

I come for the pool.
It's not too crowded and still has a fun vibe.
There are families here and there.
They play music but not too loud.
I have gotten kicked out because of incoming storm but they do it just to keep everyone safe.
The food is not that good and overpriced.
Now I just brings snacks

I want to give this place 5 stars.
Seriously I'm in love with it -- I come to Vegas a lot,  I live in CA and this is my first time checking out Lake Las Vegas or any of the resorts and Im so pleasantly suprised.
I'd read about the bankruptcies and the storied future it was supposed to have that never quite took off.
I really hope this place stays "afloat" because its really nice, a perfect get away from the madness and honestly this is the first place I've been to where I walked in, took a look around and said "I'm going to get married here"  its just perfect because of the views, the layout, the fire pits, the recreation for families and friends (I mean where in las vegas can you rent a paddle board, or a kayak for free?
)  that is sooo cool!
The rooms are so comfortable (ok I'd have preferred a nicer las vegasy bath tub but for the price, its totally fine and l love the robes and the beds, and the breakfast room service!).
It just has "wedding" written all over it to me and I'm inclined to look up pricing and I'm not even engaged...or a wedding type person, lol.
The grounds and pools are lovely and I LOVE LOVE LOVE that they have an adult pool.
I'm a swimmer and one of my HUGE pet peeves are hotel pools where adults might as well just stay in their rooms because children and families make it impossible for a single adult to swim a few laps or just relax in the water and I really hate that especially when I pay the same price.
SOOOO this is why no 5 stars and why I feel compelled to write this review in the first place.
i almost approached staff about these 2 things but just didn't want to ruin my day, anyone else's and also because if I write this review likely the Westin will pay more attention and I'm serious about this cause I want to get married here!
1. you have an ADULT pool.
Enforce it.
There were still a lot of inconsiderate folks that didn't get the memo.
There was a man horsing around with his kid in the pool (the large uncrowded kids pool was in view...)  I wanted to ask the lifeguard why this wasn't being enforced but just was annoyed with the whole thing.
The hot tub was even worse.
A mom and her 3 kids and a few teenagers.
In the chairs?
people like me, older people trying to relax.
KIDS do not belong in a hot tub!
But even if they did, keep down in the kids area.
Keep the adult pool an ADULT pool please I can't tell you what a huge benefit you have here over other hotels and I'd pay to stay for this reason.
Similiarly, there is a turtle habitat here where there is clearly a sign that says "don't feed the turtles"  I found it VERY disturbing a mom and her two kids had gotten INTO the turtle enclosure and were feeding the turtle carrots and the kids were PETTING the turtle and touching its face.
Again, I wanted to notify staff but this was in clear view.
I wasn't certain this was out of bounds but the woman had laid a towel into the clossure to make her and her kids more comfortable and apparently brought her own carrots, HUH?
Staff, come on, enforce the rules ....  not everyone is going to be so nice to these desert tortoises and they should be protected from children and people.
No one said a thing.
I am writing this review in hopes this is taken care of and these animals are protected.
All in all I love this place and I hope it prospers so I can have my wedding here (With improvements on 2 points) in the future.
I'm also thinking about taking  a week (I work remotley) and staying here to relax away from home.
Then I really want these things to be acted on.
Staff does not have to be total jerks just to enforce the rules.
Or maybe the Westin needs to do a better job of making the rules clear.
oh and the pool was COLD.
Way to cold for September.
Like the pacific ocean!

I don't know where to start.
From the time I walked in I was speechless.
This resort is gorgeous!
The staff was very friendly and they truly made us feel like VIP.
We live here in town and staying here for a staycation was so relaxing and peaceful without the chaotic loud mess the strip resorts can bring.
The Westin has just gained two big fans!

We could not have picked a better location for our wedding!
We live in the UK but wanted to get married abroad and the venue was amazing!
We had a few nights on the hectic Las Vegas strip then came here and it was so relaxing and pretty!
The lakes, the mountains and the hotel are all so beautiful.
Karli our wedding planner was great as was the majority of the staff, the vallet guys in particular were great too however, the front desk were awful!
A lot of our guests had complaints with them which is not what we want to be hearing about when they were not there by their own choice but because of our wedding!
Issues ranged from problems with the breakfast not being included when it should have been, lack of communication between front desk & security when people got locked out of their rooms.
They are not in anyway accommodating & vallet guys acted like more of a concierge desk than they were (I actually don't even know if they have a concierge desk as everything I asked I was told we can't do that or they don't know but the vallet guys can/did!
) they are still holding money from a guests credit card 3 weeks after they have checked out and paid their balance?
Just generally seemed to have no common sense or customer service training which is sooo poor for the first point of contact of the hotel.
Luckily for them I dealt with Karli not them or I do not think I would have got the correct impression of the hotel from them.
The light/music guys were great as were the staff in the sushi restaurant - they seemed to have a problem with their drains which you could smell from the restaurant (thankfully our wedding was outside so didn't have to deal with this problem then!
) they let us eat outside on the patio even though they only have lounge seating which suited us and they were great that they brought everything out for us and accommodated us without fuss.
The food at the wedding, the sushi restaurant & breakfast were all really, really good.
They also made our cake which was amazing!
Karli was really accommodating & regarding the wedding we felt like anything we wanted we could have, which is the service we expected.
Their pool is really nice and we all had a great relaxing day just spent by the pool the day after the wedding.
The rooms are also really nice, great beds, great showers, good size, clean, modern, can't fault them.
The dressing room I was given to get ready in was also really nice.
I think the price we paid was reasonable, but am comparing this to uk prices so dont know how it compares for usa locations.
Overall I had an amazing day and wouldn't change where I got married - but if we ever go back for an anniversary I hope they will have new front desk staff, or at least trained the ones they have now.

First of I have to say I'm not one to give 5 stars easily.
I think for the price of the hotel and the pricing of the restaurants the service should be top notch.
It is a very nice looking hotel in a nice peaceful setting.
However it seems like this hotel's best days are behind them.
Both the adult and kid pools were dirty or rusty colored round the drains.
The grass was yellow on the resort while every other area in this place was bright green.
Don't forget there are a couple of other mega resorts close by that customers can choose from.
I asked the guy at the registration desk where the office center was and he referee me to the copy desk person.
He was too busy talking to the maintenance guys it guess.
Again for a resort in Henderson they should offer something or do something better than one at the strip.
I thought service would be a no brainer but I guess not.
The outdoorsy stuff is very nice.
Waking up in this resort is very nice relaxing vibe.
I did like the stay but disappointed at this price point.
You have Mosquitos too to contend with in the evenings if you want to open your balcony.
The shower is nice rain shower w a  handheld sprayer.
Restaurant prices are ridiculous but there are plenty of food choices for real people prices within 5-10 min drive off the grounds.
I had a pleasant time but if ever to come back to lake mead area will definitely try the competition to see how they stack up (eg Hilton).

In LOVE with the westin.
I wish there was endless stars to give.
Customer service was on point.
We ordered room service a few times and each time they came right away.
We also ate at ricks cafe, service was a little slow but since it was just me and the hubs it was nice to talk.
Robes are to DIE FOR.
I actually ordered one online along with their spa collection.
We took the shuttle to the strip and the gentleman who.took us made sure we had contact information for a legit taxi service to bring us back (we were coming back way late).
He was very sweet and gave us a bunch of information.
We called his recommended taxi and ended up getting back in a stretch hummer!
Love it.
And I love the westin.
We WILL be returning for more.

Loved it!
Will definitely be back.
Please get the golf course opened!!!
Beds and pillows are wonderful.
Will be back with the family for vacation.

It is definitely not like the advertised pictures I saw on Groupon.
Yes it is a very nice SPA/Resort but far from what I was hoping for.
It is completely away from town which was a good thing and I am glad I read some of the reviews before coming out here.
Checking in was a breeze and the room was nice and clean.
My son and I went straight to the pool and were disappointed the minute we got in.
The water was freezing!
I guess they don't turn on the pool heater when there's only a few guests in the pool.
We were there until we no longer felt our fingers and then went up to the room for a hot shower.
We were both tired from the drive so we ordered our dinner to the room.
The food and the service was great.
After dinner we decided to get comfy and watch a movie... but were again disappointed because they didn't have premium channels.
Good thing I brought my ipad and we watched movies through Netflix and HGO go.
We drove out to town for breakfast and when we got back we went out to the pools again, hoping the water would be warmer.
It was not and they didn't even have the waterfalls going...
They really need to step up their game.
We didn't bother with the cold pool and went straight for the paddle boats.
Yes they were complimentary and it was super fun.
After hours of paddling we were tired and hungry so we went out for food again and then browsed a little in town.
The next day as i'm checking out, it turns out they gave me the wrong room!
My groupon deal was for a deluxe suite and I got a standard suite.
The only thing the lady behind the counter said was "Sorry... you should have told us about it the first day you checked in"  WTF ???
It was my first time there how in hell was I supposed to know the difference.
As soon as I got back in the office I e-mailed groupon and they gave me partial credit.
Big Wow.... nope.
Not coming back here again.
The free paddle boat was not worth it.

Marvelous, quiet, lovely and just amazing!
I woke up to ducks, lakes and green landscape!
I will come again without the kids for sure totally romantic!

I stayed here during a convention/conference for work.
As 3-star resorts go, this place is on the money.
It's clean but not very up-to-date.
The staff is pleasant but there don't seem to be enough of them in the restaurants, the bar/lounge, nor can you easily track one down to ask questions.
The lake is pretty and the pool area is nice.
I would take plenty of sunscreen if you want to swim since there aren't many places to take refuge from the heat while out there.
The veranda is nice at night where they have the fire pits.
The food is your run-of-the-mill hotel offering.
Not bad, not great.
The bar ran out of specific liquors and beers every night but they did seem to restock each morning.
I would stay here again but with an understanding of what to expect.

I'm not a huge fan of the strip and this was the perfect location for me!
It's beautiful, quiet, and smoke free.
And it's about a 20 minute drive to the strip.
My favorite part are the paddle boat and kayak rentals included in the resort fee.
There aren't very many places to eat by the lake, but there are plenty of delicious options with a quick drive into Henderson.
I'll definitely be returning here next time I'm in Vegas!

Had a convention here and the resort seemed a little dated for Vegas.
The staff was spot on and our convention went off without a hitch.
I worked a lot so I was not able to enjoy a lot of the hotel besides the dinning options.
They were both really nice for a hotel.

Let me just start by saying that i am very picky when it comes to hotels...
I usually find fault with just about everywhere that I stay (just being honest).
Having said that, the few things that were "wrong" with this hotel went almost unnoticed by me because of how great this place was over-all: very nice looking and clean property, very friendly staff, comfortable beds, away from the craziness of the strip, a great rate ($80 a night on hotwire), reasonably priced room service relative to other 4 start hotels i have stayed at, nice little beach etc...
I felt like I was as far away from the strip as possible, and yet I was only 30 minutes away!
The best of both worlds.
If hotel administration is reading this, please get nicer towels for the pool (and place them actually next to the pool for convenience), try to speed up your wifi, it is a bit on the spotty side, and please update your website, it is a bit out of date in various places... again, all things that really did not matter that much because of how fantastic my experience was overall.
Looking forward to spending New Years tonight at the Arabesque Lounge to ring in the new year!

I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights during the christmas week.
I had my family with me.
One of my kids is 3 years old and needs a bottle of milk every night before sleep.
When I asked if I can warm up his milk in the hotel somewhere I was told I was not allowed to warm up my own food anywhere in the hotel.
The room service can bring a glass of warm milk for an exorbitant amount of money.
They provided no microwave in the room.
I had no option.
The nearest 7 eleven / any store is 5 miles away.
I prepaid for my hotel in expedia or else I would have checked out.
They still charged me 25/night resort fee on top of the room charge.
it was ridiculous.
Hotel Staff is pretty rude and they do not get the problem.
very disappointed.
I would never recommend this hotel to someone who has family.

I stayed here the second week of January 2014.
The resort was very empty with only a handful of people around.
Here are the pros and cons:  Pro:  1.
) Nice grounds.
) Friday and Saturday nights they offer a bonfire on the beach.
This was the highlight of our stay.
My children, husband, and I really enjoyed this.
Cons: 1.
) The only reason we chose this resort was the childcare so that my husband and I could enjoy some time out.
We called multiple times and left multiple messages that were never returned.
You can't just drop your child off, you have to call ahead of time and make a reservation at least 24 hours in advance.
However, no one called us back before we arrived (or ever) and so we were unable to use that service.
A month and a half later and still no one has ever called us back...
) There is a sewage smell when you first walk in the resort.
It was there all 3 days we stayed here.
I don't know if it was the lake or the resort.
) The room was not up to par with a Westin.
There was mildew in the bathrooms and the beds were uncomfortable (not heavenly).
) The staff seemed apathetic at best.
Very disinterested in their job.
The area and shops around the lake are mostly closed.
There was not much to do besides stay at the resort (which we planned on doing while our children were being watched but that did not happen) or drive to the strip.
We ended up driving about 45 minutes to Red Rock to see the canyons and to use Red Rock Casinos childcare services.
We were very unsatisfied and won't be returning to this resort.

Ok i was there this past weekend.
The weather was perfect for outdoor activities.
IF YOU are a smoker and are a party animal THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU!
If you are looking for a place to relax this is it.
The view was amazing and the staff was always attentive,great.
They have free shuttle to the strip; latest pick up was 11:45pm (Not bad if you aren't into the gambling world) The Hotel was wonderful, everything from the rooms to the restaurants.
The free kayaking, paddle boats, basketball, HEATED pools, and jacuzzi FANTASTIC!
The cable channels were perfect to me: cartoons, food channel, some movie channels, sports, news .
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED !?
This is not a movie theater people!
MY FAVORITE PART WAS THE LAKE!
( I went kayaking by myself without prior experience :D   ) The Cons: Sadly, the bed was not comfortable.
But i think some more expensive and real "heavenly" made material bed sheets could fix that....

The birth year rate for second & third nights Is unbelievable.
You can book any room or Even the best suite & only pay your birth year rate ( pay full price for the first night & only $57 if you were born in 1957 for 2nd & 3rd nights) Excellent value especially if you don't mind Being 20 miles from the strip but on a beautiful lake.

Very disappointing stay overall.
The grounds were fantastic in scenery however, the lack of care of the property inside and out is very apparent.
The rooms are very dated with the carpeting heavily stained and the room smelled like dirty bedsheets.
The bathroom has the old style tubs are bathrooms are very small.
The staff is minimal and we waited forever at the fire pit for drink service in the evenings.
The shops are closed without much activity on the property.
I notified the Westin via Facebook with a cleanliness problem I was having in my bathroom.
Brown and blood spots on the bathroom walls and brown streaks by the toilet.
They responded saying someone would tend to it, no one ever did dispite my calling direct the housekeeping supervisor.
My efforts were completely ignored.
Only one pool was open during our entire weeks stay.
This place is just not up to par for the resort life we expected.

We stayed at the Westin Lake Las Vegas along with my corporate group last week.
From check in to our meals and everything in between, without a doubt the best stay our group has ever had.
Service levels are 5 stars.
Our Convention service manger Cierra Baker took care of us like we were an important group!
We were just a small group but she said everyone is treated like family.
AMAZING!
Try to check out the stand up paddling and ask for Kathy.
You will love it and they have their own beach too!!
I would question any of the low ratings.
Did not experience any issues and I go out of my way to find problems!
Beds were heavenly!
We will be back again and again!

Stay on the strip.
This lake Las Vegas shuts down at 10 and the employees don't know that.
Nothing to do.
Employees suck.
The whole area sucks.
The Westin name is at risk with this poor excuse for a resort.
Skip it.
Las Vegas lake is never gonna make it.
Good luck.

We really enjoyed our stay here.
Upon check in the staff was courteous enough to give us a complimentary upgrade to a lake view room for my fiances birthday.
I really liked our view (see picture).
We didn't get a map of the property at first so we didn't know where our room was until we asked the bell hop.
You're on the 4th floor at the main lobby so just remember that..
The beds were super comfortable and the bathroom soaps were delightful!
There are no microwaves in the rooms, heads up but the food from the restaurant is pretty good.
We had the pizza, it was delicious and the breakfast buffet was nice.
There's an omelette and waffle station that could get a little backed up but it's worth it they're really good!!
The servers were very nice as well.
The Dominican Server we had.. Jose, I believe is his name?
He always seemed to be around with a warm friendly smile.
He served us both at the breakfast restaurant and at the pool area.
He def stays busy and does a wonderful job at it all he deserves a raise!
Please don't make any phone calls from the hotel it's extremely expensive!
Overall we enjoyed relaxing at the pool although, I understand it's not summer or anything but the pool closed around 5pm that bummed us out a lil but we loved the water slide!
The resort is lovely and the free kayak rentals were fun!
I highly recommend this place if you're trying to stay away from the craziness if the strip and relax but also not be to far away to drive to it too.
The area is really nice and the free shuttle gets full fast so book ahead in advance!
Thanks westin lake Las Vegas for an amazing mini vacation!
And for the complimentary bday champagne!

I would give zero stars if I could.
They kicked out the wounded warriors group who had reservations for this weekend because another group paid more money than them to stay at the hotel Shame on you for treating our veterans this way.
Great appreciation for our troops westin.
Where are your morals and values?

By far one of the best hotels I've been to.
Would've given it 5stars but the room could've been better (Upgrade) and our "King bed" wasn't actually a King.
Other than that I would highly recommend & will be back soon.

Can I give this place zero stars?!
This place should be called the worsten Inn not Westin!
Mgmt has zero consideration for their guest's allowing a loud party with loud music late at night on both Saturday & Sunday!
Had to complain twice!
Could not sleep on both nights thanks to the loud pounding music coming from beneath our room.
What a waste of our $$ staying here.
This was the worst stay at a resort ever!
Boy were we glad to get the heck out!
Mostly deserted, hardly any shops & only one restaurant open after 5pm on Sunday.
What a joke!
Maid didn't even leave new coffee creamers & sugar.
We will NEVER stay at this lame place again!
I'd rather stick needles in my eyes than to ever stay here again.

Nice place to chill be the pool.
Great and very attentive pool side service for food and drinks.
Most of the kids and family's hang out in the lower pool where the water slide is located

I can see why there are so many negative reviews...  Where to start with my experience here:  - When checking in, I waited while 2 reps checked in a line of about 15 people.
Not once did they call for help checking in.
What's worse, they were horribly slow.
- The lady that checked me in did not give me any collateral OR explain the resort whatsoever.
- On Day #2 my key stopped working.
After several trips for new keys, I was told "your battery is probably dead.
"  So, they said they would call security to let me in my room.
After waiting 15 minutes, I called back asking when someone would be up to let me in my room.
They states they called but did not know how long it would take.
I needed up waiting 30 minutes.
- If that's not a bad enough experience for a $200/night hotel, I'd also mention that there are NO bars open until 2pm.
It's Vegas!
Who doesn't open up a bar until 2pm!?!
Horrible experience.
Only giving 2 stars because the view is so nice it distressed me from all my anger.
My advice, pick another place.

Westin Lake Las Vegas' Mother's Day Brunch 2014 was really great.
Adults $50 + tax & gratuity.
Kids 6-11 yrs $25.
Wait was only just over 10 minutes with reservations.
We have been going to Mother's Day & Thanksgiving Brunch here since owned by Hyatt, then Lowes & now Westin.
The best brunch here was the last year owned by Lowes (5 Stars) when they served tons of Freshly Roasted Turkey, King Crab Legs,  Chilean Sea Bass, fresh made Crab cakes & Lobster Rolls to name a few.
I believe that was also the most crowded as they advertised early, posted on website calendar  & phone called previous customers.
This Brunch is only served on Thanksgiving & Mother's Day.
Sorry, but the worst brunch was the 1st year under Westin.
OMG, No Roast Turkey on Thanksgiving!
Pre-Sliced turkey served in brine juice along with the wet stuffing!
Yes!
Much, much improved since.
This years Mother's Day Brunch was really very good.
Overall 3 1/2+ Stars but kicked up to 4+ stars because of the King Crab Legs, Fantastic Lobster Ravioli w/large lobster clumps in Truffle Parmesan Cream Sauce, Clump Crab Benedict, Assorted Sushi & Asian dishes.
See all other photos posted on Yelp.
Not sure why only 10 photos shown within this review.
Missing was "melt in your mouth"Chilean Sea Bass & "juicy, tasty fall apart" Short Ribs.
Service was great & attentive by all, Managers down to servers & valet.
Looking forward to Thanksgiving Brunch 2014.
Hope they consider serving the same Lobster Ravioli w/clumps or maybe Lobster Roll, Chilean Sea Bass, Short Ribs & of course Roast Turkey.

Westin Lake Las Vegas Mother's Day Brunch 2014 was really great.
Adults $50 + tax & gratuity.
Kids 6-11 yrs $25.
Wait was only just over 10 minutes with reservations.
We have been going to Mother's Day & Thanksgiving Brunch here since owned by Hyatt, then Lowes & now Westin.
The best brunch here was the last year owned by Lowes (5 Stars) when they served tons of Freshly Roasted Turkey, King Crab Legs,  Chilean Sea Bass, fresh made Crab cakes & Lobster Rolls to name a few.
I believe that was also the most crowded as they advertised early, posted on website calendar  & phone called previous customers.
This Brunch is only served on Thanksgiving & Mother's Day.
Sorry, but the worst brunch was the 1st year under Westin.
OMG, No Roast Turkey on Thanksgiving!
Pre-Sliced turkey served in brine juice along with the wet stuffing!
Yes!
Much, much improved since.
This years Mother's Day Brunch was really very good.
Overall 3 1/2+ Stars but kicked up to 4+ stars because of the King Crab Legs, Fantastic Lobster Ravioli w/large lobster clumps in Truffle Parmesan Cream Sauce, Clump Crab Benedict, Assorted Sushi & Asian dishes, including the delicious Honey Walnut Prawns.
Missing was "melt in your mouth"Chilean Sea Bass & "juicy, tasty fall apart" Short Ribs.
See other photos posted on Yelp.
Don't know why only 10 photos shown here?
Service was great & attentive by all, Managers down to servers & valet.
Looking forward to Thanksgiving Brunch 2014.
Hope they consider serving the same Lobster Ravioli w/lobster clumps or maybe Lobster Roll, Chilean Sea Bass, Short Ribs, Honey Walnut Prawns & of course Roast Turkey.

So far so good.
Came to a day-cation with Lynn and being mid-week there is hardly any crowds!
Nice to not have to deal with kids or Strip-douche bags who think they own the world.
Might have to upgrade review to 5 stars depending on the rest of the stay!
**Update**  So we'll keep it 3.7 stars rounding benefit to 4 stars.
Pool staff was OK. Spa staff was OK too but had the feeling they didn't want us in being close to closing.
The spa itself is nothing special just lockers for each sex and a dry sauna, can't I just stand outside for that?
No chill or heat pools/rooms, no coed area, just average for a Westin.
We were expecting better I guess.
Front desk staff very nice and accommodating, staff at Rick's restaurant nice.
Room should have had 2 robes instead of one, but products are of good quality and you get Starbuck's for in room coffee maker!
Let's see how we sleep?

This place is relaxing and beautiful hidden in the desert.
Had Burgers and Wings while by the pool.
The burgers were big and juicy like home made!
1st time to paddle board for $30 and pay only $20 for repeaters.
The kayaks are free if you're a hotel guests.
It's a great place for a weekend getaway!

absolutely beautiful and perfectly relaxing!
NOT the place to be if you want the happening action of the strip.
The room was lovely, the lower pool is perfect for kids!
It's huge, 3 feet deep and has a waterslide.
There is also beach access and you can kayak and paddleboard.
Nightly s'mores and a movie in the pool for the kids.
Wonderful family getaway for all of us.
The kids were happy and entertained and we got to relax!

Perfect getaway retreat from the hustle and bustle!
We're in love with this resort.
It has the best of everything you can ask for as an adult and child.
I can see myself going here and The Strip for a weekend getaway with my spouse or taking the kids here for a week of fun and relaxation, esp when everything else is booked up along the beaches in SoCal, in the future.
I think many locals don't know how fortunate they are to have a hidden gem like this hotel and Lake Las Vegas so near.
The hotel property is Westin elegant while warm & welcoming.
The service was very accomodating and genuinely happy.
There are multiple dining options when you feel the need to change it up a bit.
There are plenty of activities for every age to keep you entertained.
The patio overlooking Lake Las Vegas is a scenic and romantic location for lounging and cocktails.
The pools are perfectly manicured with a beach that has access to Lake Las Vegas and an activity desk with more than enough hobbies to choose from (Quick tip: 1 hour free kayak and pedal boat rental for guests.).
There's an adult pool and on a separate level a humongous 3 ft. deep kiddie pool.
It's a great stress reliever for parents worried about their kids drowning or for adults that want to take a dip and keep it sexy, but keep their hair and make-up intact (Only in Vegas or Cali?!
Haha!).
There are plenty of lifeguards on duty and a waterslide as a bonus for all ages.
Also, there's a wading pool with lots of shade for infants and toddlers that's enclosed by a fence to keep the kids safe/contained and their parents relaxed.
Make sure to order our new fav' poolside drink, The Mojito Colada (Damn Good!).
To top it off, there's a basketball court, putting green and evening marshmallow roasting on a stick too!
Our room was phenomenal!
It felt like a modern vacation rental with a huge patio overlooking the property with an added day bed and patio seating, a kitchenette, 1.5 baths, vanity table, pull out sofa bed and a Bose Surround Sound System with a huge flat screen TV.
I have to note that we were fortunate enough to have been upgraded to the Casbah Villa due to our room not being available the previous night (I can easily add a few more paragraphs based on how wonderful that suite truly was.).
It was a very thoughtful touch and a more than expected recovery, thanks to their front desk team and manager Patrick.
It goes to show that they do care about guest experiences and that to me speaks volumes.
Yes, the villa was the "cherry on top" of our stay, but my review has not been swayed due to the amazing upgrade, but solely on my experiences with the hotel and staff.
Due to that fact, I'm more than positive I'll be happy with a standard room next time around and yet have a memorable stay once again!

One of the quiet place in LV.
I would never come back again.
Best thing there is the pool.
Foods just so average and the spa is just hot sauna.
I only recommend  this hotel for couple who want to stay in the room and have sex all day.
Haha.
Oh I did found a good book about crystal at the hot sauna.
:)  How they got a 4 stars rating for the resort.
????
I give it 2 1/2 stars

A major remodeling is long overdue!
Horrible service!
Nothing like any other Starwood hotel.
This will probably be my longest and nastiest review ever!
About a year ago we spent a few days at Westin, Lake Las Vegas.
I had a negative impression about the rooms, amenities and everything, but since my child liked the pool and the slide, my husband chose this place for our next weekend trip.
Let me tell you: i'm never ever going back!
Three words to describe the whole hotel - so outdated,  dirty and stinky!!!
Now the details:  THE ROOM: the deluxe room we were offered was so drenched with dirty odors and so dusty, that i couldn't stand a minute in there.
The chairs had holes and the carpet had stains all over the place.
When my daughter decided to use the restroom, there was something (a roach or something) floating in the toilet.
So we switched to a junior suite, which, to tell you the truth, was not so different.
Stained carpet, old bathtub (the drain was not working when taking a shower) dirt and spider webs on the windows kept us from opening them...
Disgusting!!!
HOUSEKEEPING: in no other place have i encountered such poor housekeeping as here!
When you leave your hotel room you expect to be back and find it tidy and renewed.
Here's what i found in my room after the housekeeping cleaned it... No clean glasses: one was still dirty with yesterday's drink and candy wrappers, the other one ( supposedly washed) was STILL DIRTY and had a lot of fingerprints on it.
No refills of shampoo, soap or lotion!
The housekeeper did not bother to clean the ice box, left it where it was with water  inside, as well as some other stuff that should be cleaned.
She folded and placed one of our old towels instead of a new one, etc..
THE LOBBY: dirty stained couches, no action whatsoever!
The outside area was full of crickets and roaches in the evening.
THE KID'S CLUB: horrible!!!!
I pity the kid who was unfortunate to use this room during the stay at this hotel!
Spider webs everywhere!
Some old and dusty toys, filthy carpet...
THE POOL and BEACH: the pool area was also outdated, but relatively fine.
The pool was clean, the slide was open all day long, but then again, there was trouble.
Once we decided to take a pedal boat (complimentary for the hotel guests) and go out on the lake, we encountered what i would call my worst customer service experience!
There were two attendants working at the beach.
We wanted a pedal boat and a kayak for only 20 mins.
Both were available.
But here comes the attitude: the "friendly employees" were chatting in the shade, spreading out on their chairs in the most comfortable manner, they did not bother to greet us or provide us with any kind of service.
Instead, when we inquired about the boats, they reluctantly told us that those were broken.
The rudest response to upset and disappointed  kids was: "what do you want?
we were not the ones who broke them!
" My husband went on and checked the pedal boat, which appeared to work just fine.
Then those reluctant and ignorant guys told us we have to pay $30 for the rental.
When confronted regarding the complimentary service, they came up with yet ANOTHER excuse, saying that the last call is 5:00 pm and it's already 5:01 !!!
Really?!
My husband was furious about that.
They called a supervisor, who, of course, allowed us to use the boats.
At the end the female attendant became very nice and apologized for the misunderstanding, but the guy - Brandon, did not even respond to us, laughing and making remarks about us to his co-worker.
I believe the hospitality business should have no tolerance for people like him!
His attitude and manners became the highlight of our trip in the worst possible way!!!
So here's my verdict: the management just has to take care of this place.
In a beautiful environment and a gorgeous natural setting as lake las vegas, you just expect to find at least a clean, well managed and cozy hotel.
THIS is nothing suitable for the environment, not to say WESTIN  in general!
I'm never coming back until it's renovated.
Some mature and understanding employees would be appreciated as well...

This is a perfectly nice hotel.
This is not the first Westin I've stayed at, but it is certainly the most resort-like.
I was there for a conference, and although there were plenty of folks who were there simply to relax and have a good time, the place was big enough and nice enough that those working (me) could enjoy the hotel just as well as those playing.
That's a sign of a good hotel.
Rooms are standard Westin fare, and the view was actually quite nice, especially considering you're staying in a man-made oasis in the middle of the Mojave desert.
And although we were there for a conference and had a conference rate, we did also check the rack rate, and it was quite reasonable.
My only complaint is that there is little to do aside from the hotel.
The Hilton across the lake has the benefit of being next to the "town" (if you can call a few shops and restaurants a town), but from the Westin you have to take a shuttle, which the hotel does provide for free.
It makes it a little more of a burden than just walking down the shore, and sometimes you just want to get out a bit.
But if you're looking for a place that's a lot calmer than the Strip, this is a great place to get some beach/pool time in without breaking the bank or "settling" for a lesser hotel.

Ahhh Westin, you had me hello.
After reading some of the other reviews, I was slightly worried as to how my visit would turn out.
After all, I was leaving the comforts of Vegas and going to the Westin for a relaxing ladies trip.
But I was more interested in the Westin than any of the other resorts.
Once I arrived I knew I would enjoy myself.
This was my first time at Lake Las Vegas and I was determined to have fun.
The check in process went smoothly and we were taken to our room.
We were even allowed an early check in.
The room was great.
The view was amazing and it was time for a drink and the pool.
We took a quick stroll around to see what was offered and headed up to the "adult" pool.
Don't let that fool you though, there were still kids around but it didn't have that "oh my god, the kids are driving me crazy" feel to it, just the snotty teens hanging around trying to be noticed.
The five of us ladies settled in and waited for a drink.
And we waited and waited.
Really?
5 ladies ready to spend money and tip big and you can't even come over and offer to get us a drink.
After 30 minutes we got our own drink at the stand up paddle bar and headed back for our chairs.
We finally had to ask someone to take our drink order and to come back regularly.
Even though that didn't happen and we had to frequently go get our own drinks, it was nice to have someone occassionally bring them to us.
The prices varied from bar to bar for the same drink or the same round of shots.
At some point the drinks were a couple dollars off which wasn't that big of a deal.
But our first round of lemon drop shots were over a $20 difference in the second round and we had the receipt to prove it.
We were told constantly that the computers were messed up so they all charged differently.
Come on Westin, get it together.
No matter which bar or staff member, drinks should all be the same price.
That's where one star got taken away because it became such a fuss and really a joke, each order we were paying something different.
Our room was great.
Very clean and spacious.
Great view.
We even took advantage of the shuttle, where we caught a ride to the Village for dinner.
We woke up and headed down for breakfast then back out to the pool.
The service was much better on that Sunday but still the drink prices were all different.
The restaurant was great (different review) and once again the staff was amazing!
I will definitely be back!

Stayed here for 2 nights as a "staycation" for my boyfriend and I.
Resort is absolutely breathtaking as well as the location.
We didn't eat at the hotel because the two choices were either super expensive sushi or a buffet (we passed on both).
We ended up eating at a nice restaurant a few minutes away.
But, I digress,  there was a wedding going on which was beautiful and we checked in on a Friday so we managed to catch the beach party (nice bonfire!).
The only cons I can say is that later at night when you want to hang out at one of the many beautiful fire pits,  roaches decided that was a good idea, too (yuck) and the bathroom was a little on the small side.
The pools were a definite plus and they even had a movie showing for the kids that were staying there with families.
I would stay here again, but avoid the fire pit at night.
An update about check in: it went pretty smoothly but we were not told what the resort had to offer nor any of the room amenities.
The folks who checked in before us were told where their room was, what it was facing and some of the things the resort had going on activity wise.
We were simply told our room number and the general direction it was in.

Spent my Fathers Day weekend here with the family....   What can I say...WOW !!!
My girls went kayaking and paddle boarding.
The pool side service was awesome.
The cabana and poolside DJ were great.
The food, the beach party, the live band, the lounge, the water slide... LOL where do I stop ?
It was ALL AWESOME !!!
Lol... even the valet guys were extremely attentive.
What can I say...Don't hesitate, this is a great place.
Enjoy !!

This resort has always been our special place as we were married at it when it was a Hyatt in 2006!
We try to get back a few times per year.
We just returned today from our stay and had such a great time!
We mostly stayed on property for dinning and recreation but did venture to the Village in hopes for some fun and where blown away at what has now become quite the ghost town.
We always loved having the "hopping" village near by for the casino, more Restaurants and shops and have had so many wonderful memories there.
We couldn't believe there was nothing there and the Casino was closed.
So Sad!!
Back to the Resort...
The room we stayed in was nice and clean, The pool was nice and refreshing and the service was great poolside, we paddle boarded and had a blast on the Lake and dinned at Ricks for breakfast brunch which was an amazing option each morning.
We will be heading back next week for the 4th of July Festivities and are looking forward to it!

Let me start off by saying what a beautiful property this is.
There is almost no reason to leave once you check in.
We are here for four days as part of a Western US vacation where we have been driving over 2000 miles to see this beautiful part of our great country with this being our last stop.
The rooms are good sized and we have 2 adjoining that make it very convenient with our kids.
The beds are the best I've slept on in a hotel.
The rooms are also very quiet considering that we are right below the beach and people are partying until the wee hours.
We couldn't here a thing unless we opened up the window to the balcony.
We have yet to have a bad meal.
The food is very reasonably priced and very delicious.
Even from the pool bar.
I would highly recommend this hotel.
A definite must stay if you have kids.
Now for a few things that you must be a where of... First off the wifi really sucks.
I know being from the Bay Area we are spoiled but it is what it is.
Another problem was we needed to do a load of laundry while we were there.
(Now remember this is a HUGE hotel) we go down to the wash room and find 1 washing machine and 1 dryer for the whole hotel and the dryer is out of order.
Really Westin, are you kidding me.
We called the front desk and we're pretty much blown off and told oh well.
And for my last complaint, which most of the people we talked to had the same one was the pool safe area.
It's 107 out and most people want to have an umbrella somewhere near their chair.
There are 14 umbrellas total on the upper pool area but 8 of them are in the pool safe area that you have to shell out $50 for.
Talking to the pool attendant he tells me that only 1 person a weekend ever pays for a pool safe but his supervisor is adamant about not moving the umbrellas to the people that could use them.
He then goes on to tell me that hopefully they will order more soon.

