Quirky cafe selling decent coffee and some superb pastries and cakes.
Inside, it's kind of derelict chic, with exposed plaster ceilings and heavy cabled lightbulbs hanging low over reclaimed and second hand furniture.
There's plenty of space, though not too many tables, so if this place takes off they'll have to re-think interior layout.
The two young women behind the counter were lovely, big smiles and really engaging.
I hope Lovecrumbs hits the spot with the local office trade as position at the top of West Port may limit passing trade.
I'll be back though for another brownie - the best I've had since a belly-busting shop at Coco Bruntsfield.
A worthy four stars.

I walked into here tentatively, and left satisfied.
'Is it actually open for business?
' was my thought as I stepped inside with the equally cautious Louise C. There was an air of unfinished business which I couldn't quite put my finger on.
It's a big, slightly rustic, open space, and there's nowhere to hide!
Naturally we headed for the far away corner, and as I sipped my coffee it occurred to me that it's unusual to have no partitions in a room this size.
The sparse seating may make some people feel a bit exposed, but I actually found it quite refreshing because too many places are like sardine tins.
Lightbulbs hang high and low from loose twisty cables from the partially stripped ceilings.
Odd, re-used tables and chairs and a wonky piano add to the 'artist studio' character.
And like the seating, the cups and cutlery don't match, everything is odd, and I like this a lot.
Plants are dotted around the place, and the back overlooks a nice enclosed urban garden through the tall crosshatch windows.
The music was subtle and the atmosphere relaxed.
I found the service friendly and understated (in a good way), and when I paid I tried one of their choc n nut brownie samples which I can highly recommend, along with the cappuccino.
They have many cakes on display, and I'm told they bake em themselves.
Who needs lamp shades, paint, and matching cups?
Not me.
I'll definitely be back.

My Lovecrumbs, what BIG cakes you have.
And what BEAUTIFUL furnishings.
And what lovely, friendly, cake-loving staff.
Lovecrumbs is a realtively new café in the less frequented Grassmarket area but has given me good reason to make it more of a habit to pop by this way.
It's a cake café.
Exclusively.
Just cake.
I got chatting to the owner and she explained she wanted to open a café that had no soups, no sandwiches, none of that other nonsense - just cakes.
And boy do those cakes look good.
Triple layered sponge cakes.
Meringues as big as my face.
And I heard something about a chocolate and peanut butter cake, and a caramel and rose tart.
These ladies take their cake seriously!
I only had a tea when I came, but I shall return to try the cakes.
But a group of three grown men were sitting next to me and it was practically "When Harry Met Sally" over there as they were all trying each other's cakes.
So yeah, they loved that cake and those crumbs.

I love what they have done with the decor here, stripped it back and revealed some of the beautiful original features of the building.
I also love the furnishing and cutlery.
You can tell that they put a lot of love and effort into it.
If you are lucky you might get the surprise frog mug.
I wonder what other delights they have in those cupboards.
The selection of cake is amazing and the portions are huge.
They seem to be very popular too and I will have to get there earlier than 5.30 PM the next time, I'm desperate to try their raspberry & white chocolate cake and their Vicky sponge.
The Carot cake we shared was delicious and the portion massive, perfect for a growing lad with a sweet tooth like me.
We also shared a slice of chocolate tart, amazing and highly recommended, perfect with coffee.
The coffee here is great, I must remember to ask where it's on my next visit if I can divert my attention from the cakes.
The staff are very friendly and passionate about cake.
Strong contender for my favourite coffee & cake spot in the city.

Coffee and cake, in a stripped back, bare, mismatched room - it's very hip and cool, but friendly and a pleasant place to spend an hour or an afternoon.
There's just a few tables dotted about, all differently shaped and hard to choose between, and cakes are served from an old wooden wardrobe in the corner.
(I keep looking in my wardrobe at home, but there's no cake...) Everything looked delicious, from the fluffy scones to the dark, rich mint and chocolate cake.The cakes are served on mixed-up, charity-shop plates and brought to your table by staff in funky clothes - I did feel I looked slightly too uncool!
Especially as there seems to be an option to climb into the window and eat sitting on cushions* - I think I'd have to dress up for that...
If you're after a calorie and caffeine hit around the Grassmarket area, this is the place to go.
Free wifi, too.
*I would check this is really allowed, before trying it - I don't want anyone to get thrown out!

Lovecrumbs sounds like a euphemism for something that may require a discreet visit to the pharmacist.
Especially given its location, you could be forgiven for thinking that it's a new venue aiming to compete with the Burke and Hare.
But fear not.
It's part of Edinburgh's growing café culture.
In the last couple of years great cafes seem to be springing up in all parts of town, and I think Lovecrumbs has put down a marker for the Westport area.
I love Alastair's description of this place as "derelict chic.
" It's rather reminiscent of Antipodean cafes, lots of mismatched furniture and charity shop crockery.
Even the staff are dressed in retro chic.
The coffee is good and, while I'm not really a cake person, their selection of cakes looks delicious, especially being presented in an open wardrobe.
I was more interested in confirming that they provide that other café essential, free wifi.
It's a big space so it's nice and relaxed and the kind of place you can sip your tea or coffee and relax.
The bathroom is quirky too, with a pile of actual hand towels for each customer to take one.
They don't have many tables so I think they will probably be putting a few more into that space as I can see it getting full regularly.
Loads of people were looking in the window when we were there so there's clearly something about this place that draws people in.
Maybe they were just wondering, as we were, if you're allowed to sit on the cushions in the window.

I first heard about Lovecrumbs a while ago via twitter and various food blogs.
I think they may also have sold their cakes at the Out of the Blue flea market in Leith.
I heard they were opening up on West Port Street but I forgot about it until I read an article about Lovecrumbs in the June issue of The Skinny.
I arrived later in the day and there were only a few cake and scone choices left.
I wasn't feeling really in a chocolate mood but those brownies sure looked tasty.
I decided on the coconut and lemongrass cake and wow was that amazing.
At first I thought that the lemongrass would overpower the coconut but I was wrong.
It was moist and had real (read: proper shaved coconut pieces, none of this pre-packaged coconut carvings) bits of coconut sprinkled on the top.
I was impressed and it went well with my cup of tea.
Further, I loved decor of the cake shop.
I especially loved the vintage sink.
I want one now!
If I was still in school I'd spend my Saturday afternoon reading here.
I'll definitely be back.

This is a really lovely spot in terms of interior design.
I particularly loved the wardrobe  cake stand and miscellaneous furniture, e.g.
eating from a drum or piano  table is a really cute idea, as is the window seat (upon entering I saw a toddler playing in the window, nice window display!
My boyfriend and I both appreciated the unique flowers /plants on each table.
We got the thistle, yay!
The tea menu is awesome, provided by Anteaques.
We had the violet petal tea, which tasted just like those retro sweets, only obviously less sweet.
Though a novelty, I found their way of serving tea a little unnecessary; little  bags had been formed, which hung off a plastic 'rod' into the tea.
The teacups are very pretty, but also very small so we were provided a flask so that we could keep refilling the tea.
We had to put our teabags on the saucers.
Nice to see new ideas, but I think the teapot works better and is more practical.
I would have liked to have kept the teacup on the saucer and had a more consistent flavour to the tea.
Unfortunately I was quite disappointed with regards to the cakes.
I had just made an amazing triple layer carrot cake for my boyfriend's birthday, and found the beautiful looking lovecrumbs cake really bland and dry in comparison.
There was something particularly weird tasting about the caramel brownie.
Sometimes simple works best...
I have noticed this also at Brew lab.
I love brew lab coffee and the croissants they offer, though I have a feeling they could get hold of better quality cakes.
I went to  Brew lab this afternoon to have a coffee and a slice of ginger cake...
I tasted no ginger in the cake, just treacle and the icing was very bland, it just tasted like butter.
If you want a pretty place to stay and nice to, sure come here!
But if not I recommend going to Falko, the chocolate tree, Anteaques, the engine shed, patisserie  Madeleine, peters yard.
I am seriously not convinced by the hype of this place, especially at such steep prices (£3 for a slice of cake)...

They do cake, and cake only.
Well, of course with teas, coffee and hot chocolate.
But no savoury food, apart from one savoury scone.
No sandwiches, soups.
They have scones, brownies, tarts, two layer cakes, three layer cakes, loafs, pies.
So if you have  a sweet tooth, this is your place.
As I mentioned in my previous review, I love the decor.
It's quite random, old worldly and put together.
An old piano, mismatched furniture and crockery (mismatched is so hot right now).
All the cakes are displayed on the right as you walk in the store.
First, the things I wasn't as in love with.
I thought they'd have more options.
All the cakes they do have sound divine, there's quite a few unusual ones.
But they don't have many staples of cakey goodness.
I was thinking along the lines of a millionare shortcake.
Instead they had a peanut butter chocolate tart.
OOFT.
My arteries wept a little.
So for a cake-only café, the choice is quite unique but limited.
But from this unique choice there were sundried tomato and parmesan scones, rosemary and orange cake, chocolate caramel brownies, some sort of rose cake, banana loaf, pear frangipani tart amongst others.
It was the latter that I had, and I requested a bit of their jam to go with it.
The cake was incredibly moist, quite sweet (lots of vanilla) but altogether very nice.
We all agreed the caramel brownie was drool-worthy but perhaps a bit too sweet to finish a whole one.
But both Susan M and Kelly F really enjoyed their savoury sundried tomato and paremsan scones.
And Robyn Z's rosemary double layer cake was the winner in terms of uniqueness (and not as sweet as the others).
If I had a friend who loves cake, or as we did, wanted to treat someone to some birthday cake fun (yey Jennie S!
) then Lovecrumbs would certainly be one of the first places to come.
But I do know of other cafés that sell other food as well, soup and paninis, and still do amazing cake with more choice.
Not a complaint really, just sayin'...
Although the bathrooms were really cold, and there were two really 'sarky' signs downstairs.
One was sitting on two chairs that read "these chairs are here for a reason.
Think about it.
" and the other said, on the bathroom door, "the ONLY toilet".
Both I can imagine being said in a sarcastic, rather negative tone.
Eeep.
I also tried to book a table via twitter for 5 people for the birthday cake lunch and was told they don't take bookings.
That is a shame, when we went we were lucky to get the last spaces at a table.
But, I mean, caramel brownie and frangapani tart.
Yes.
For the cake alone, it's worth a visit.

oh dear, i hope i'm not going to become hated by all the cake lovers and bakeries in edinburgh, but hear me out before i'm you start to boo me.
my visit here was due to a birthday cake afternoon celebration and it was lucky that the plan was only to come for cake because that was the only option.
seriously, they have no soup, sandwiches, salads, or other savoury delights that help take the edge off the sugar rush.
i was actually quite glad i'd eaten a quick lunch before going.
they did have one savoury scone, but that would hardly do if someone had come with the intention of having a small lunch with a slice of cake.
a bit disappointing and with a shop so large i'm not sure why they don't offer the savoury options....  so a bit disappointed by the lack of savoury options, but i have to say the cakes looked seriously impressive.
what i did like about this place was the variety of cake and brownie options that were a bit different than the normal.
they had a chocolate cake, but they also had an orange and rosemary cake and a ginger and rose cake.
they also had carmel chocolate brownies and parmesan and sundried tomato scones and some other delights that i fail to remember so many days later.
i was also rather impressed with their tea choices.
the normal breakfast blend but also a lovely violet black tea that was thoroughly enjoyable.
the tea was served in lovely tea cups with an extra flask of hot water for top ups.
very convenient and appreciated from a chain tea drinker like me!
seriously, i can never just have one cup...  now the cakes and this is where the three star rating was confirmed.
my orange and rosemary cake was delightlful.
it was orange-y and had a hit of rosemary but as i neared the end of the slice it got rather sugary.
i think this came from the frosting and it might have been nice if there was a bit more rosemary to cut through the sweetness.
i also tried a small forkful of the caramel chocolate brownie and oh dear, did someone accidently add an extra bag of sugar to this???
it was so incredibly sweet that my tiny forkful gave me a sugar rush and a bit of a tummy ache at the same time.
i also think the enamel on my teeth started to dissolve from the huge sugar hit.
poor Kelly F couldn't even finish it after passing it around for everyone to taste.
i know people like cakes and brownies and other sweet things but the greatest disappointment of lovecrumbs was how overly sugary everything seemed.
i just can't eat cake that tastes like i'm only eating a bag of sugar with a tiny hint of another flavour.
so i don't think i'll be making a return visit unless i'm told things are less sugary....

I had been told that the cake at Lovecrumbs is superb which is why I was so excited to hear that we would be paying the café a visit to celebrate the birthday of Jennie.S.
A large crowd of us we're meeting which meant we had to share a table, and by share I mean overwhelm the poor chap quietly sitting reading his book at a table that sat 6 people.
The décor inside is a bit of a hodge podge, with lots of mis-matched tables and chairs and I think the table we sat at was the largest there.
Rather than a glass display cabinet all the cakes are kept in an open cupboard for you to get a good look at the tasty treats on offer.
It's a nice rustic kind of way to display your goods.
I don't have a sweet tooth but I have a soft spot for brownies so I made a snap decision and ordered the caramel brownie and some breakfast blend tea.
While you order at the counter they bring your order over to you so there is no risk of you spilling tea on your toes.
I must admit I had an ulterior notice to picking a caramel brownie, I've made salted caramel brownies myself and I wanted to see how they would measure up against the professionals.
In truth I couldn't even finish my brownie.
I had about 2 small forkfuls and had to admit defeat and push it away.
It was just WAY too sweet for me; I could practically feel my teeth melting in my mouth.
I donated my brownie to the rest of the table for them to try and they felt the same way (glad it wasn't just me then.
) Being starving I went and got a yummy cheese and sundried tomato scone to have with my tea instead.
Now the big problem with our visit was that I hadn't had any lunch that day, I had mistakenly assumed that I would be able to get a little soup or something when we went to Lovecrumbs.
Unfortunately they serve nothing but cake.
I applaud the idea; they stick to the things they do really well and they do amazing cakes, but I found it odd to go to a tea room and not to be able to get anything but cakes.
Please bear this in mind when you go, if you're hungry it might be worth going somewhere for lunch first and then going to Lovecrumbs afterward for dessert.
I honestly think I just had a bad experience in terms of the cake choice I made that day.
Lovecrumbs also provided the Yelp Birthday cake that we had at Yelp Edinburgh's second birthday party.
It was HUGE and tasty as hell with a delicate sponge with hints of cardamom and zingy raspberry jam in the middle.
It really redeemed the cake on offer in my eyes and I've decided to go back and try the place again.
This time I'll be sure to ask the staff for their advice and not make greedy cake choices!

I love a good bit of cake!
And if that's all your craving then I don't think you can do much better than here.
Moist, rich and indulgent cake in big slices to cram in your mouth.
Wide selection with interesting flavour combinations and a few classics.
We had chocolate orange cake and a white choc and rhubarb cake.
Both equally delicious.
Happy days!
They even helped me get the buggy in the door and were in no hurry to get me back out.
My friend says she often gets another slice to take home for dinner.
Thats got to be a good sign!

Cake!
So much cake!
Love Crumbs is a new cake cafe on the Westport in the Old Town and serves cake and only cake.
Which is amazing for a sweet tooth like me.
They have a wide selection of freshly baked cakes, scones, tarts, brownies etc every day, all of which are displayed in a wardrobe (cool huh?
) or on a sideboard.
The menu changes every day but the cakes are always delicious!
I have had both carrot, vanilla and blackberry and lemon cakes before and they have all been beautiful, nom and with huge portions.
Cake for lunch anyone?
They also do a wide selection of hot and cold drinks to accompany your cake.
The hot water for your tea comes in a thermos flask which is great as means you can have upteen cups!
The furniture is all mismatched, as is the crockery and the rest of the cafe is really quirkily decorated - you could spend a lot of time just looking at everything.
An old dissected piano, plants...
The cafe is quite small and is often quite busy, especially at lunchtime but is worth the wait.
It is more suited to smaller groups (1-4 people) as larger groups will need to wait longer for space.
I am unsure if you can reserve tables though.
There is also a lovely window seat at the front of the cafe, which is perfect to sit and read a book in, with your cake and watch the world go by.
Go and eat cake!

I was really disappointed to arrive here on Sunday to find it was shut although it was supposed to be open!?
I wouldn't mind so much if I had just randomly turned up but I had emailed a few days previously to see if they take reservations (which they do not).
I was told there should be no problem turning up on Sunday and getting a table.
It was a wasted journey for me, my two friends, and my friend's child.
I had invited a few more people along but they couldn't make it, which is just as well!
There wasn't a sign or anything to say why they weren't open.
Very frustrating but we eventually found another cafe to go to.

Tea and cake- 2 great things!!
Great place with a great selection of cakes and brownies.
I particularly enjoyed the raspberry and white chocolate cake.
Tea is served in mix and match cups and saucers and comes with a flask, so you can top up your tea as you like.
Staff were very friendly and smiley.
Have been back to this place many times and will definitely be back again soon!

I kept hearing about the delish cake at Lovecrumbs and finally checked it out with my mom.
I had the chocolate cake and an americano.
The cake was rich and yummy and everything I like in a chocolate cake.
Not too dark but extremely moist.
The coffee was pretty good too.
I only docked one star because the decor was a bit too over the top on the hipster end for me.
Its like the perfect combination of mismatched and shabby chic, which to me is kind of overdone.
Anyways, all the cakes looked amazing (my mom liked her tart too) and its a nice place to meet with friends if you can score one of the cozier tables or to take people visiting from out of town who want something unique.

Well we walking up to Starbucks, to get some caffeine  before we hit the road back to Perth and  saw the chalk board on the sidewalk saying "lovecrumbs" with a cake drawn on the board... needless to say I had to peek inside.
The cakes, tarts and brownies were all displayed wonderfully in an open wardrobe!
And they ALL looked delicious!
I got a lavender orange sponge cake and my husband got the classic Victoria Sponge.
The cakes were FABULOUS!
Moist, sweet, not too dense, not too crumbly, yummy frosting (buttercream) and good size pieces too!
The cakes were the most important parts of the place for me!
And if that was it I would have given it 5 stars.
BUT alas some places just try too hard!
The furniture and tea cups are super "hippster/ grandma" which is great and funky , the rest of the decor left something wanting... couldn't put my finger on it but it lacked that "cool" feel, in fact it had more of that " we just opened and are still putting things together feel" ( they told me they have been open for over a year and 1/2) oops!
But thats not why I dropped the star.
It was about the tea.
The tea tasted good and lose leaf... but in a TINNY TINY tea cup!
They gave a flask of hot water ( instead of a tea pot) Trying to be WAY TO cool here... needless to say it lacked logic bc the 2nd cup of tea was WAY weak .... the milk also came in a old medicine bottle... umm hipsters BE cool not weird!
I will be back to devour more of their yummy cake but I will try and keep my eyes focused on the cake and I'll get my latte (or tea) at Starbucks after .

So we loved the cake at Lovecrumbs last time, even though the tea was a disappointment.
So we thought we'd try it again but with different drinks.
I got a decade coffee with some soya milk on the side and John got a hot coco.
For cake I got a delicious lemon curd cake and John got a carmel brownie.
The cake was good, a bit crumbly but very lemony and delicious.
John's carmel brownie was more like a piece of fudge!
It was delicious and rich and gooey.
He was a bit disappointed b/c it was so gooey and not cake-y but he still ate it all up... b/c well it tasted awesome!
Yet we still found ourselves disappointed with the tea and over the top hipster vibe.
The coffee and hot coco mugs were SUPER small!
I mean like TINY!
couldn't have been but HALF of what a TALL is at starbucks.
That was disappointing.
The coffee tasted hie and John's hot coco was good, but we again felt we would have been better off getting drinks at starbucks after.
Not to mention the weird uncomfortable hipster stools we sat on... there were no other seats, so obviously others don't mind the "over the top hipster" feel.
I am happy to say they served my milk in a glass jar this time instead of a old  glass medicine bottle!
What a relief!
Still love there cake and will be back again, maybe a shorter visit and then a drink round the corner at Starbucks after.

Lovecrumbs is yet another of these places that make you wonder why you should ever have to go to Starbucks in Edinburgh...
I love their big selection of self-made cakes and brownies.
The café is cozy, the staff is very welcoming and the cakes - I have to say it again - are formidable!
I try a different one every time.
They are home-baked which means a cake is really a little different every time I order it.
They might not be as sweet as you get them in other cafés but you can taste that they were self made there and I personally love that.
Entering you find a room filled with all sorts of chairs and tables - even an old piano in the back is re-used as a tablet sit at - and twigs adjusted to the pillars and to the ceiling give you a little winter garden flair.
Plates cups and dishes are a pleasurable mix of possibly several grandmothers' coffee sets and it gives you just the right kind of messed-up feeling as if you were at your best friend's house.

This place usually has steamed up windows, so you can't tell from outside what it looks like.
Finally stepping inside, it is a rustic but inviting large cafe.
There is a cupboard with all kinds of pastel cakes, scones, brownies and other treats.
I decided to have one.
A rarity!
So I asked for a slice of the one cake that was whole, to create a little chaos in the world.
It was a white chocolate and ginger tarte.
Hello, what?
I don't particularly like white chocolate, because it isn't chocolate it is some fake sweet stuff pretending to be chocolate.
Anyway, it was grand.
There is free wi-fi, which is a big deal for me.
Cudos for that.
But they told me I could not sip on the soup I brought in.
They don't serve any savory food, only desserts.
I mentioned this, but they had come over to me expressly to tell me to stop drinking my soup.
So I wrapped up my tarte and left.
I needed to have my lunch before dessert.
Pretty shitty of them.

I'd been wanting to go to Lovecrumbs for AGES.
I love cake.
Love love.
As a home baker and a member of my work's prestigious (for us anyway) Cake Club, I'm also a picky cake eater.
When Lovecrumbs opened it looked like the perfect antidote to the leagues of mediocre cake being served across the city.
It kind of is, but with some notable exceptions.
There are *several* different types of cake on offer.
This is fabulous for variety, but as the cakes are creatively listed on a blackboard, you're left guessing which cake is which when faced with ordering.
Can you ask a member of staff?
Sure.
Would I have rather just had each cake labeled?
Absolutely.
In addition to the cakes you can get coffee and tea.
Being a hipsterly inclined business, you pay quite a lot for a teeeeeeeeeensy amount of (high quality) tea or coffee (the tea is served sans teapot, so you get one cup.
End of story.
), and then go sit at a salvaged/upcycled table (or piano) wedged in too close to everyone else, resulting in staff knocking you every time they pass and necessitating your table neighbors to actually stand up to let you pass.
The cake is of course the reason you've come here, and it's definitely good.
Is it better than home-baked?
No.
Is it better than every other cafe cake I've had?
Yes.
My recommendation is, if you can't be bothered baking your own, come here and buy cake to take away.
Then go have a picnic, and scoff your cake in an upcycle-free environment.

A well priced, manageable number of teas & coffees (& rather more types of cake, a ratio that makes perfect sense) and a welcoming atmosphere confront you upon entering Lovecrumbs.
The service is pleasant & prompt and the flasks of hot water to accompany your drinks a far better option than a second teapot would be.
Seating ranges from sofas to loll about in, dining chairs for a more upright posture and cushions in the window for the exhibitionists.
If you're after somewhere with a mind of its own and well proportioned sweet things then look no further.

Cute, quaint, fairly inexpensive, quality tea shop.
Lots of variety!
I tried the lemon and lavender cake, my girl friend had a slice of the hummingbird cake.
Both beautiful (it helps) and delicious.
We should've ordered tea, though!

I started following Lovecrumbs on Instagram weeks before actually getting to try this lovely cafe (word to the wise, if you are on the 'Gram do follow this lot!
) and I think this actually says quite a bit about Lovecrumbs.
They take their aesthetics seriously and it certainly pays off.
The atmosphere inside is lovely and cosy with a sweet rustic touch.
The cakes themselves are displayed in a cupboard with a chalkboard displaying the days offerings.
We opted for two cups of tea with a slice of the salted caramel tart which came to about £7.60.
The tart itself was pretty special.
It was the saltiest caramel/salt combo I have had to date but it worked.
It was a pretty sizeable slab so thankfully I had somebody to go halvsies with, I'm not sure if I could have got through the whole thing myself.
That's hardly something to moan about though!
The tea was served in vintage crockery and came accompanied with a flask of boiling water to top up with.
I did like this idea but I do think a cute little teapot might've suited their decor a wee bit more...
However, I digress!
At 5pm on a weekday Lovecrumbs was packed with only one free table which I think is always a great sign.
They serve lovely cake in a unique environment and I dig it.
I couldn't imagine a nicer place to spend the best part of a rainy afternoon in Edinburgh!

Ooh, it's vair nice; all the same I wasn't swept off my feet.
Perhaps that's because I didn't partake of their famous cakery when I when - just a hot chocolate.
Twas a fine hot chocolate of rose-flavoured goodness, and yes, I shall be listing this review in my list of "reviews where I mention how much I love all things that involve roses".
As noted by other reviewers, it's a junkyard haven of a place, full of reclaimed this and upcycled that, and we settled ourselves on a grebby but comfortable sofa.
It's a difficult line to walk, I think, though, and it's all about context - namely, if you've got a front window that habitually steams up, that grebby sofa can quickly move from "cutely unselfconscious" to "not out of place in student digs".
It's not that it doesn't all hang together, thematically - it's that it hangs together slightly too well.
That said, the hot chocolate was great, and if the cakes are as yummy as I'm led to believe next time I go back (for go back I shall), I may well be donating an extra star before too long.
Also, Ursula D is bang on.
Instafollow them immediately.
That's an order.

Lovely wee coffee shop that does fabulous home baking.
The cheese scones with marmite are a must - just need to be in quick enough to get them.
Nice quirky decor and seating, a great place to meet friends or enjoy a book on your own.

