This place just opened a while back in the building left vacant for a while when Streets of New York left.
It is a 24 hour diner with all the normal menu items.
I like what they did with the place brightening it up and adding a small counter.
I did not go out there but I think they kept the patio dining too.
I had a sourdough burger and an insanely huge amount of fries.
It was pretty good.
Like all their burgers it came with the veggies on the side but the burger was sealed shut with the melted cheese and grilled onions so I ate them as a salad.
I was at the counter and service was pretty good, a touch cocky which fit the atmosphere.
Prices were reasonable but like all the Country Boys they have coupons they hand out when you pay for BOGO that do not have expiration dates on them.

This was a bad experience all around.
I went on a Wednesday morning when it was really slow and still the service was bad.
The waitresses were busy complaining to each other out-loud about their personal life and airing their dirty laundry.
I'm assuming they don't assign servers to certain sections because they debated who was going to take my order.
This made me feel very appreciated of course... except for no.
After I got my meal, they never asked if I needed anything, not even a coffee refill.
Then they just gave me the bill and still didn't ask if I needed anything else.
If they put as much thought into their jobs as they do the number of tattoos they have, things might have been great.
As for the food, I would rate the Bacon and eggs at 2 stars.
I would give the pancakes 1 star because they were chewy and hard to cut into.
What's worse is that the food was WAY overpriced.
Coffee, Bacon and eggs, plus one pancake, came to around $13.
I believe this place is part of a local chain.
Even so, I will never return to this place or any of their other locations if the management can be this clueless about how their place runs.

Certainly decent place.
This place recently opened and its a 24 hour diner.
This is a little Mom and Pop Cafe type feel.
Reminds me of TTT in Tucson.
The waitress was working by herself and there were about 4 other parties in there but it didn't stop her from paying attention to our party of 8.
She did really well.
The food was good, it was diner quality.
Nothing amazing but it was decent.
Certainly worth the stop if you are looking for a cheap, good meal.
However do not mistake the quality of food for 5 star.

Country Boys is a pretty decent breakfast joint.
Their food is good (certainly better than your average Denny's faire) and the service was very good.
They only had one girl waiting tables and running payments, and she did very well despite having no help.
Especially for our large party of 8.
The prices are meh, and the place is a little run down.
But the food was good enough.
My advice to the ownership is fix it up a little bit, I mean it really really needs some love.
I wouldn't rush to go back but I wouldn't object to the idea either.

My family has enjoyed dining over the years.
We finally had enough of the poor Service at the 35th,& Cactus We finally decided to take a chance and go to the 43rd Ave &Bethany Home We actually meet the owner who explained that he sold the other one And wet have never looked back

My son and I visited there this sun morn , atmosphere was nice ppl were nice waitress super nice and kept my drink full !
My son had the jr meal of two pancakes , eggs and sausage , I had two eggs hashbrowns sausage and biscuits and gravy ~ cldnt decide .
so I got alil of few things  Everything was Great , portions were awesome , even had to bring home the leftovers .
Menu had several things to choose from .
Will be going back there.
OPEN 24 hrs !

It's a 24-hour diner.
Nothing super special, but if you're hungry, you'll get decent food and nice service.
I'll give it four stars because it is quite successful at what it is.
We will be back.

I went to the one on Bethany home in Phoenix I read all the reviews and was hesitant to go but my boyfriend insisted that it was good so I went.
It really was very good!
I got a salad with thousand island which i never do because the waitress said that the thousand island was really good.
I also got a chicken fried steak which was everything it should be.
I have to add that the waitress was just about the best waitress I have had anywhere.
She smiled the whole time and was super nice.

Friendly staff and Coffee was great!!!
Food was good, nothing out of the ordinary.
I had biscuits and gravy.
Biscuits were very good and fresh and gravy was tasty.
Everything was good until the place filled up and kitchen got busy.
You could hear the pots and pans banging, waiters talking, well place got extremly loud!!
But I guess that happens with small restaurants.
I think next time I'll just have take our instead.

If you're looking for a great spot for breakfast, make your way over to Country Boys Restaurant.
The staff was very polite and paid very close to us during our entire visit.
I got a sausage and bacon omelette with pancakes and hashbrowns.
The amount and quality of food you receive your money will make you never want to visit a Denny's or IHOP again.
Plus, half the wait on a Sunday morning.
I will definitely come back!!

No fresh food here, everything was previously frozen.
My husband and I ate here for the 1st time today and it will be our last.
The fish was greasy, the vegetables were from a frozen bag, the fruit was from a can, the buscuits were cold and had flour sprinkled on top to "appear" homemade.
Also, I've never been to a country restaurant that doesn't serve sweet tea....a country staple.

Been coming here for a while for breakfasts.
Reasonably priced breakfasts.
Very friendly staff.
I recommend it.
It's a greasy spoon, so don't expect fresh delicious food.
The food is good.
The people complaining are just uppity people that need to go back to their own state.

Great all-American breakfast, large portions and good value for money.
Very busy Sunday morning but service was attentive and staff were cheerful and seemed happy to be working there.

I go to the one on 32nd st and greenway.
The wait are very nice.
Never a wait to take your order.
The food is standard diner food.
I can see into the kitchen at times and if a certain cook is there i just get a burger because this cook puts out awful food.
Mushy coleslaw, dinky portions dried over cooked eggs etc.
however the other cook does ab awesome  job.
Thats why i go back.
Very reasonable.
You just need to know that if you get bad food its because the bad cook is working that day.
Normally its worth going there.

