My husband and I just moved into a new house and NEEDED to do something about our backyard.
We had contacted a few places, one was a no show after we set up three different meeting times and one place never bothered to call us back.
We came home one day and found the Brother Gonzalez Landscaping card on our door.
We decided to give them a call because they do a free estimate.
They arrived earlier then they told us they would and spoke to us about our backyard.
After we agreed on a design we set up another appointment to look at samples.
They again showed up when they said they would and brought the samples.
They are incredibly reasonable, polite, honest and hard working.
They showed up on Monday morning and worked until Thursday afternoon and our backyard looks amazing!
I could not be happier with the work and with their attention to detail.
After reading some reviews on here, I realize that not all people in this industry are reliable.
If you are looking for reliability, great work and reasonable prices I suggest you give them a call!
I don't think you'll be disappointed!
We live in Scottsdale, and they were more than happy to do the work for us although they are based in Chandler.

I had the exact opposite experience.
I spoke to Gilberto on the phone and everything seemed pleasant enough, we set up a meeting for the following day so he could come and inspect the place and give me a price.
We'd been out of town for the summer visiting our parents as we do every summer as we are both teachers and don't work summers.
You can imagine our place was pretty messy but he overcharged me by about $100 dollars it usually cost but I let it slide as I read the last positive review here and wanted a cleanup job fast.
We agreed but he never showed up with the crew, and when I called Gilberto back to find out what happened he hung up in my face!
These people are unprofessional, throw out "God bless you's" to get you to think they're decent but you don't make commitments and then don't show and hang up on people.
Luckily Four Seasons landscaping was incredibly positive, professional, did a wonderful job, and cost about 125 dollars less- and were incredibly polite (you can find them on Angie's List).

STAY AWAY!
I called them and received a quote to remove the weeds the same day in the front and back yard at my house.
It sounded like a decent amount so I told them to go ahead and they said I could leave a check for them to pick up the next day.
When I got home, I noticed that only the back yard had been done.
The front yard hadn't even been touched.
I sent them a text message and explained this error and specified the front needed to be done as well or I would not leave the check for a total amount.
They said they would do the front yard when they came to pick up the check the following day.
When I got home that day, the front weeds had not been removed at all.
ONLY sprayed this awful blue color that has not even killed them in the last 3 days!!!
And sure enough, they took the check and cashed right away.
I complained to them about this error and have not received any word back.
Basically I was charged double just to have the back yard done.
AWFUL!

I placed a call to Brothers Gonzalez Landscaping on Monday to have our yard cleaned up after the recent Monsoon.
There guys came and and I showed them the yard and i wanted done.
We negotiated a price and he advised me they would be back the next day at 7AM and would bring additional equipment to account for our artificial grass.
Well the next morning came but they never did.
I gave them the benefit of the doubt and finally at 5PM I called Gilberto to see if possible to reschedule but when I politely advised him that his guys hadn't showed up and I wanted to reschedule he just hung up .
I tried to call back, again giving him the benefit of the doubt but, of course, I was greeted by his voicemail.
It is obvious they only want simple work that they can charge excessively for and move on to the next job.
It is no wonder they leave cards on your door since obviously they don't get good word of mouth referrals from customer.

