I went here to get a estimate which they did.
Let me tell you I would be giving them a 5 star being very nice and answering any questions.
until I was ready to get my car fixed.
The main lady told me I needed to call Angie to set up a appointment so I called and left my number.
I called the next day to schedule no answer and left my number.
then I called again still no answer or call back.
This has been over two weeks can you believe I've still yet to get a call back.
So I took my business elsewhere.
BOOOO

I would be giving this place no stars if I could.
I thought taking my car to a dealer would result in the highest quality work.
I was so wrong.
First, their customer service is terrible.
I had to follow up over and over again over the 10 weeks that I dealt with them.
There were multiple instances of not getting called back, not getting return emails, not getting documentation emailed to me like I asked...I could go on and on.
They did a very large amount of body work.
After having my vehicle for 3.5 weeks, I finally got a call to pick it up.
About an hour after that call I received another call telling me they had failed to properly check the washer reservoir (which was damaged in the accident) and never replaced it.
I had to make another appointment to take the car in to have the reservoir installed (which they never called to tell me the part was in and again I had I follow up myself).
When I took the car in the second time, I repeatedly told them I was not happy with the way the good was fitting and asked at least 3 people to make sure they looked at the hood.
Upon picking it up the next day it came to find they never looked at the hood.
Too upset to even bring to their attention at that time, I called and spoke to a manager the next week.
After taking the car in a third time it is finally fixed fairly well (they nicked the hood re-installing it which I will be calling about today).
But even dealing with the manager I didn't get called about my vehicle for 5 days.
I guess that is what I get for dealing with a multi-billion dollar company that doesn't care about losing one customer.
Don't take your vehicle here.
It will only be a headache for you!

Horrible company that has to blow up the job posting section on Craigslist.org.
YOU DO NOT NEED TO POST IN EVERY SECTION TO FIND SOMEONE TO WORK FOR YOU.
In fact, that shows that you really dont care who gets the job as long as theyre willing to work for your low pay and drive to Peoria.
A company that is THAT desprate for employees is NOT somewhere I One, would want to work, and Two, somewhere I would take my vehicle.
ANNOYING!

