This has become one of my favorites.
They're friendly,  reasonably priced and the food is always delicious.
My husband and I have tried a number of their items, but my personal favorites are the BBQ pork appetizer, house fried rice, the mushu and lemon chicken.
My husband also loves the house fried rice, the mushu and the orange chicken.
One of the things that is so wonderful about this place is, the food isn't heavy.
The sauces are light and fresh tasting.
Plus, I'm lucky enough to be in their delivery zone.
When I get delivery, the food is still hot and tastes like it was made just a few minutes earlier.
I have yet to be disappointed by anything I've ordered here, and to me, that's a sign of a good restaurant.

They serve the best egg drop soup I have ever had, and I have egg drop soup countless times at more Asian restaurants than I could count.
The base is traditional But they add ground chicken some of which is suspended in a delicious broth and some form delightful small dumplings that float amid carrot and peas.
Our office manager was raving about it so I had to check it out.
And what a surprise to the pallet!
I enjoyed their spring rolls as well.
Their luncheon menu offers a wide variety of chicken, shrimp pork and beef specials between five and six dollars.
All are tastey.
Another co-worker loves the orange chicken.
I like the moo goo gai pan.
The service is very friendly and fast which is good thing  when your time is liimited on an office lunch hour.
I look forward to visiting after work for a leisurely dinner to enjoy both their tastey entrees and conversation.
Go there and be sure to order the egg drop soup.
You will become a regular like I have.
See you there!

I got a menu for this place in the mail a few weeks ago and kept telling myself that I would try this place.
I got there and was greeted by very happy workers, I was seated and they took my drink order right away.
I looked over the menu and I kept going back to the lunch specials and landing on the Mongolian Beef lunch special.
So I ordered it and was very happy.
The waiter asked which kind of soup I wanted Egg Drop or Hot and Sour so I went with the Hot and Sour and I was very pleased with the texture, flavor and spiciness (not too spicy, just enough to let you know it was there).
Within 15 min.
of ordering the beef I got the food.
I picked up the fork and tried the beef strip first and it melted in my mouth.
It was very tender and full of flavor; again just enough spice to let you know it was there and not so hot that you couldn't enjoy the other flavors in the dish.
For me everything that was mixed with the beef was very good and full of flavor.
The fried rice was just a good and flavorful, it even seemed lighter than other fried rice that you get at other places.
Several times throughout the meal they came and asked if I needed anything.
They really look after their customers to make sure you are happy and have everything you need during your meal.
I look forward to eating here again and trying another item on the menu.
I hope this place sticks around and does well.
The food was great and the service was just as good.

My wife and I have made this our weekly go-to place for dinner.
We've tried almost everything and have not been disappointed.
I absolutely LOVE their General Tso chicken wings.
Absolutely perfect.
Aside from the food, what keeps us coming back is the staff.
They are very attentive and friendly.
It's a family ran restaurant and they go out of their way to make sure you well taken care of.
It's apparent that their client base is mostly repeat customers since they seem to know almost everyone that walks through their doors.
That says a lot about their food and their service.
This place is the real deal.

First time customer...
I had their Kung Pao Chicken delivered with some rice sides and I was not disappointed they were so friendly and food was delivered very quickly...
The food was amazing super fresh and hot.. new favorite delivery

yummy foods, i know the owner, nice, helpfull ,friendly, anything food yummy, i like this place ,very clean.
my house at east mesa so far go to tolleson, but if i and hubby go to  near tolleson, we want visit again.
if you vegetarian ,they have too.
i recommend this place for any people.

Simply AWFUL!!
It smells like a gym & the Beef & Broccoli was disgraceful.
Also, If you enjoy Lo Mein without a hint of flavor, then this is the place for you.
I want my money back!

The food here is pretty good and very cheap.
Their orange chicken is really good.
They also have great lunch specials and they deliver.
The service is always fast and friendly.
If you like good Chinese Food at a good price this is the place.

Great food, friendly staff.

Awesome food but best of all, awesome service!
personally I love their hot and sour soup and tomato beef and my family loves their kung pao chicken and orange chicken.
They deliver!!
great lunch specials!

Cheap prices, decent food, friendly staff.
I had the General Tsao's, added a side of veggies and an iced tea - came out to $8.30.
My friend had the Kung Poa Chicken with water and he was out the door for $5.40 (less tip).
I gave this place 5 stars for the friendly staff, great price, and decent food.

Great prices, great food.
The staff is very friendly...
I'll definitely be coming back here for lunch on a more regular basis.
I had the kung pao, and the portions were incredible for the $5 I paid.
Not mind blowing, but better than most Chinese places I've been to in the Valley.

This place is so wonderful!
The staff is really friendly and the food is amazing!
My husband, son and I went in and came back a couple weeks later without my son and the lady asked us how our son is!
Amazing!

Great service, good prices, and it was a nice clean place.
The lunch specials for $5 are a great deal.
I had the sweet and sour chicken and it was good, just not great.
I will be coming back here for lunch in the future.

New Asian Star is great for a lazy night when we're too tired to even go for takeout.
Great prices, good food, very friendly service.
Dine in, takeout, or delivery.
If you're not in the delivery zone, call for takeout or even order at the counter - they're fast.

The food is fresh and great!
Super fast delivery.
I will definitely order from them again.
Thank you

I have been here a few times and each time I have been there I have had great food and service.I'm glad that I finally have some good Chinese food nearby.
My last visit I had the family special ($9.95/person, 2 or more people)and loved their wor ton soup.
It comes in a big bowl tha fills up 4 of the individual soup plates and it is soo tasty.
The veggies are still crisp and crunchy as they should be.
The staff is always friendly.

It is all Nora V.'s fault that I had to come order from this place!
=)  So after shopping at Target, I had to come get my Asian on!
LOL!
I walked in and placed an order to go: 1.
BBQ Pork - This is from the apps selection:  the bbq sauce to too sweet for my liking 2.
Sesame Chicken - I liked their version, but the chicken could be crispier but then again I got it togo so it was steaming in the container 3.
Beef Chow Fun - This is a good flavorful dish but the chow fun was made with thin flat noodles not the normal flat wide noodles.
Either way, it is was good.

My husband and I love this place!
The food is great, the price is great, and the staff is wonderful.
It's super close but they also deliver which is nice when you just want to stay in.
We are so glad that there is a good Chinese place nearby.

Yum!

Mediocre, bland, tasteless.
Tried several items and all pretty boring.
The Lo mein tasted errrr didnt taste like anything but boiled noodles with lots of bean sprouts.
Not going back

Tried the family meal for $9.95 each and have to say I was impressed.
I've not found a great place for Chinese in the west valley but this is currently at the top of our list.
We had the wonton soup which was outstanding.
We also had Mongolian beef and sweet and sour chicken and both were tasty and we enjoyed them.
It's not the best we've ever had but it is the best we've found in the west valley and will definitely go back.

Amazing food and customer service!

I love the freshness of their dishes and their soups have all been delightful.
I usually order Chicken Fried Rice and the War Wonton Soup (hold the wontons).
The fried rice is seasoned well, piping hot, and has nice cuts of chicken breasts.
The War Wonton soup is a clear broth soup with chicken, shrimp, carrots, snow peas, mushrooms, broccoli, zucchini, and green onions.
The omission of the wontons are just a personal preference; I'm just not a fan.
However, I also make sure to get a side of the crispy wonton strips to top off my soup ( =\ they charge 50 cents for the crispies).
I love this place and will continue to frequent here a couple times a month.

I never did get to the food, but when I called to place an order the lady seemed confused.
After verifying that they DO deliver to the hotel i'm in, they took my order, then said she wasn't sure about something and kept asking me for the address and phone number.
After five times of that I hung it up.

This place has good service.
I called in for delivery and they got my order quickly.
I only wish they had explained their pricing for delivery more clearly, cause it's not on the menu what they charge.

Came here for lunch with a colleague and was definitely impressed.
I must say the customer service here is top notch!
Plus the food is great!
That explains why it was so busy during the lunch hour.
For lunch, I got the General Tso Chicken.
It came with that, soup, rice, egg roll and cream cheese Rangoon... For less than 7 bucks!
I was so impressed.
Too bad this place is so far in the west valley, too far from where I am, otherwise I'd be here often!

I really appreciate the food ere.
It is quality.
I come from the east valley and hasn't found decent Chinese food on the west valley till this restaurant arrived.

Love this place!
Excellent take out, fresh food, nothing pre made!

This review is for their chow mein.
I'm new to the area, decided to try this place as my friend was raving about it.
It was Sunday 8PM, and for some reason could not get through to their phone line -- it kept getting forwarded to the owner's cell phone.
No big deal, I understand the mainline can get busy, and the guy told me t keep trying a few minutes later.
It took about 20mins to get through.
Mind you, I was starving, and wanted to order for delivery.
So by this time, I was a bit discouraged to continue ordering bcuz at this rate, it's sooo late to eat.
But I was determined!
By the time I got through, I had ordered the chicken lettuce wrap, general tso's chicken, Mongolian beef, beef fried rice.
I really wanted some chow mein, but didn't see it on their menu since they only had chow fun, lo mein and pan fried noodles.
But heck, the guy said they had chow mein, so I lucked out on ordering it from off the menu.
Got the food delivered quick.
Tab was about $40, and was happy to tip the driver.
Food was good, for the most part.
Lettuce wraps were on-point.
The chicken and beef main dishes were good.
Again, this review is for their "chow mein.
"  I found it appalling that they would use spaghetti noodles in their chow mein.
SPAGHETTI!!!
I could not believe it!
I've had my fair share of Chinese food.
I'm coming from San Francisco Bay Area -- it is heavily Asian populated.
Plus, I'm Asian myself.
But c'mon guys!
Spaghetti noodles?!
Asian noodles are supposed to come in the form of rice, cornstarch or egg noodles.
NOT PASTA!
Ideally, I don't like writing negative reviews.
But just like to forewarn the other folks out there.
For an $8 dish, put it on one of their other dishes instead.

This place has one of the most friendliest staff!
I usually come her to dine in.
The service is fast and the food is tasty!
I like how they give free soup when you dine in.
The price of the meal and the serving is a great deal!
They will also customize meals for you if you want to take something in/out or have the meat cooked a certain way like from another dish they have.
It's a nice and quiet spot.
Today, I actually called in for pick up.
I only ordered soup cuz I'm sick.
But the person who answered the phone was so friendly and understanding.
He had asked if I was sick then he said that he was sick last week...and that there must be something going around.
And before the conversation ended he said I hope you feel better.
=)  I just love friendly people!
And on top of that...they got good food.
I'll be back...soon!

I've lived in Avondale for 3 years now, but had yet to find a decent, reasonably priced chinese restaurant.
I live closer to New Wok, but the prices are too high for the low quality food.
I drove 7-8 minutes to New Asian Star, and the service is great.
They are very attentive and the food was very good.
I was surprised that the orange chicken was not fried, but it was good, nonetheless.
I also got a crunchy roll to go, and I had to try a piece when I got home.
Very good, great portions for the price.
The prices on the lunch menu on here are slightly less than what they actually are.
I ordered the orange chicken lunch special, and it was 5.75, not 5.25.
This is the best Chinese i've had besides Chen Wok in Surprise!

Hard to find a good Chinese place that you want to go back to.
This place is one of those rare finds.
We were excited when they opened up and have been faithful patrons ever since.
The staff is great and always smiling and willing to make accommodations to your order if you request it.
On one visit the place was really busy and I was waiting around for my to go order.
They offered me a free soda just for having to wait a couple of minutes longer than normal.
This last visit I ordered online because the baby was crying the the 5 year old was running around crazy like.
Well a couple of minutes later the phone rings and it is the restaurant asking when we will be showing up so they can ensure that the order is not sitting around getting cold.
Now that is service!

2.5 Stars  I've been here five times now and have realized that I only like one thing on their menu.
I will not trash New Asian Star.
I am only assuming that the folks here are all family, but they are so super friendly!
I've had the Thai fried rice twice and five other items on my other visits here.
I can't reiterate the friendliness of the staff here and the superb customer service.
I have no problem knowing I found a spot for great Thai fried rice.
I understand any type of food is subjective and would recommend everyone to stop here and try it out for yourself.

Love Love Love New Asian Star !!!
Although we live in Los Angeles,CA we frequent AZ to visit family and we always make it a point to visit N.A.S.
while we're there.
GET THE TOFU !!
OMG, ORDER ITTT !!!
Orange Tofu is great, we've gotten the fried as well and it's superb.
So far everything we've ordered has been great and the service is always awesome.
People here are genuine and really seem to appreciate you coming to THEIR spot to eat.
Maybe they are just good actresses but hell, they are great and I have no complaints :) Always feel welcome here!
If you live in AZ and haven't tried this place yet I highly suggest it, and the best part about it is they deliver !!!
woohoo !!
Unfortunately not to CA :(

This place I like for its General Tso's chicken, egg foo young, and their mu shu.
I haven't tried their other plates simple 'cause I found what I like and I'm happy with it.
Their staff is always friendly and every once in a while when I go there near closing time I get free soup or rice or egg rolls.
Lately I've noticed they are taking longer and longer to deliver but I give them a break since they only have one guy doing all the deliveries and they get swamped some days.

I've lived in Phoenix my whole life, and trying to find a good Chinese delivery restaurant is so difficult.
We decided to try this place because we got a coupon in the mail, and it was well worth it!
I feel so lucky that I have a good Chinese restaurant close to me that delivers!
We ordered Orange Chicken- delicious and crispy, General Tso Chicken- so flavorful and garlic-y (yum!
), Crab Puffs and Hot and Sour Soup.
I always order Hot and Sour Soup, and this may sound weird, but sometimes it has a kind of barnyard flavor, but not theirs!
It was just how I like it.
Spicy and sour and delish.
My ONLY complaint is their Crab Puffs.
Like Hot and Sour Soup, I always order Crap Puffs, and while these were so tasty in their flavor and crunch, I didn't think they had enough of a filling.
The filling was so good, but it was lacking!
One last note, I didn't deal with the staff, as my husband ordered and went inside to pick it up, but he said they were very friendly.
:) Happy girl, I am!

I know I already wrote a review, but I have to update because I'm SO happy!
My last review mentioned that my only issue was their crab puffs because there wasn't enough filling, but we just ordered again this weekend and the crab puffs were packed full!
So either we just got a bad batch the first time, or somebody cares to listen.
:) Also, tried their egg drop soup which was really tasty and their egg rolls.
They have my favorite kind of egg rolls without that weird cinnamon flavor and the extra thin crispy outer shell.
I'm just so happy to have this place so close with such friendly service.

Food is mediocre at best.
I came in one day and ordered the lo mein and they use spaghetti pasta to pass as lo mein noodles.

Great place!
The service was outstanding and the prices are just right.
The portions are even better.
I had the orange chicken and it wasn't fried like you normally would get it an it was great.

I just ordered from this place.
I love egg drop soup and have ordered it from many places before.
His by far is the best!
Just found my new fav chinese place !

Orange chicken here is gonna blow your socks right off!
It taste so sweet and has that authentic orange citrus flavor.
I ordered the family dinner for 2 and the portions were big enough to feed 3 or four people.
Plus they were so fast that I thought that would hinder the quality and freshness of the food but I was happily wrong!
This is gonna be a top pick for Chinese food in the Tolleson area.

Definatly will eat here again, dined in, the place was nice and clean, staff were very friendly and super accommodating.
As for the food, it was delicious, egg drop soup was tasty, fried rice was on point and the orange chicken was yummy.

Great service and food.
Didn't know that this place was here.
Diamond in the rough.
Will be back.

It's hard to find Good Chinese.
Then factor in Az, then factor in I just moved to Tolleson.
I thought I would be sentenced to cook everyday for the remainder of my days here.
I rely heavily on reviews and then I debate.
Well low and behold this place is great!
I ordered pork fried rice and added shrimp, sesame chicken, and orange chicken.
Omg so good!
Plus, really nice workers.
I was shocked.
Two empressive things happened while I waited for my order.
First, there was a sassy (atitudey) customer and this server did not flinch.
She smiled and took care of the peach.
I was so expressed.
Second, the delivery guy hustled like he was on fire to get the order out.
I mean he literally ran to his car.
I was like, "dam that's how get it out to the customer".
I usually don't write good reviews because in my experience customer service is rare if not dead.
This place made me so happy I had to let you know.
Go get you some!

Dont mean to bash on this place...only saying that the overall rating and reviews had gave us higher expectations.
To be fair all we tried was their Orange n Sesame chicken (came with fried rice), &chow mein.

Finally got to try this place and it delicious!
Everyone there is really friendly!
I recommend the crab puffs and orange chicken!
They are AMAZING

