Grand Cafe took over the location of the Original Pancake House inside Green Valley Ranch.
I went to the Pancake House once and it was DISASTROUS so I was pretty sure Grand Cafe couldn't be any worse.
We had breakfast here before checking out on Mother's Day so it was pretty busy even around 9 AM.
I think the food is just OK for the price - I mean, $11 for a waffle with fruits on top??
You can get that and more at the buffet next door for $4.99.
On the plus side, if you check in on Foursquare, all entrees priced $6.99 and up are BOGO free.
I also saw signs around the casino for late night specials like $1.99 pancakes or $2.99 burger and fries, so maybe that's worth checking out as well.

This is a good, solid casino coffee shop.
The interior looks swanky and is obviously modeled after the Cheesecake Factory.
The food is good but is a little bit pricey ($12 for a chicken sandwich??
) unless you stay for the cheap late-night specials.
I've always had good service here and good, solid American food.
The ice tea is brewed and is really good, but the drink glasses are small.
I know they are supposed to look more sophisticated or whatever, but you really are at the mercy of your server to keep you well hydrated.
The chili is awesome and has NO BEANS.
A bowl runs around $6 and it's worth it.
I eat it every time I come here.
You can get the breakfast menu any time of the day.
In fact, you can get the entire menu 24 hours a day.
The desserts are freshly baked and tasty too; check out the dessert case at the counter when you walk in.
I wouldn't make a special trip to eat here but if you are in the casino and need a sit down meal, this would be a great choice.

Food was pretty great, service and ambience not so much.
I had the mediterranean turkey burger, which was sort of pricey I felt at ~$10, but it was good.
Served with fries in an adorable little fry basket, but those seemed out of place in the trying-to-be-elegant cafe.
I think the place is generally confused at what it's trying to be since it reopened.
Like Louisa said, it is absolutely modeled after Cheesecake Factory, looking nearly identical to it with its tile work, chandeliers, and even the pricey menu for not that great of food.
I've also had breakfast here, which I enjoyed better than the dinner, but the same problem with aloof service.
Definitely not horrible but not what I would expect from GVR.

Meh...service had no energy..cold fries..stale cookie..it wasnt good

We came here for the graveyard specials.
I ordered the steak and eggs for $5.99.
The environment is very nice for a cafe in a Stations Casino.
I got my steak medium rare with sunny side eggs and wheat toast.
The steak came out perfect.
The wheat toast included some quality jams.
I am pretty sure that the jam cost more than the steak.
Definitely a wonderful place to go to for Graveyard specials.
The

I needed to eat after a poker tournament, and none of the Asian restaurants were open, so i went to the Cafe.
My cup of chicken noodle soup was full of shredded chicken, bow tie pasta, and veggies, but the broth was bland.
I also tried the chili cheese fries.
I liked the scattering of diced tomatoes and green onions on top.

I was insanely hungry for French toast the other day and decided "why not" with Grand Cafe.
My sister and I were seated immediately at a comfortable half-booth table normally for four guests.
Our waitress was nice, but as soon as two other regulars (or hotel guests?
) arrived, most of her attention went to them.
Shortly after ordering, our beverages arrived.
I had ordered coffee, but the waitress served it to my little sister.
Not a big deal, but spillage occurred, since the cup was full to the brim.
The food took longer to arrive than I would have liked.
When it did arrive, I was surprised by the amount of chocolate chip adorned my sister's pancakes.
It looked great, but she ended up smearing most of it to the edge of her plate.
My French toast was very good, but nothing special.
A second visit a few weeks after the above experience was improved.
The Belgian waffle I ordered was cooked to perfection, but my sister's chocolate ship pancakes were flat.
Literally.
I'd imagine that the leavening was a bit off in that batch.
The coffee was also very good during this visit.

A part of me cringed when a friend suggested the Grand Cafe as a dinner option.
It is not so much the food that induces this reaction, but more about the memories it brings back.
I spent a few years working at GVR and drifted between many of the food outlets.
By far, the cafe was the toughest to handle.
Let's just say the movie "Waiting" felt like our lives.
Minus the unhygienic shenanigans.
Now that I am on the other side, I can definitely appreciate it a little more.
The service was pleasant and prompt.
My friend and I had ordered the prime rib dinner.
I got mine with a baked potato and he got his with mashed.
We were both pleased with our meals.
It was not out of this world, but it was good.
It is the same prime rib that is served at the buffet.
If you want to stuff yourself then it would be best to go next door.
The remodel does bring a more sophisticated atmosphere to the coffee shop.
The layout is still the same as the old one, but updated with nicer furniture and fixtures.I would dine here again if I was in the GVR.

Food was typical dinner food, served quickly and was tasty.
The service though was terrible.
The food service was slow and unfriendly.

Had the turkey bacon club with fries.
10 dollars was a little high but not too bad because the food was very good.
Service was awful, and it wasn't  busy at all.
But thats vegas for ya.
Very nice interior with T.V.s everywhere to watch the game.
The midnight to 6am specials are the way to go 5 dollar half pound burger with fries.
I will go back for there late night specials.

I've attempted to go to this place before, not realizing it was either shut down or didn't exist?
(following the signs to grand cafe led nowhere, which is a pain when you're wandering through a casino very hungry!
)  Finally, it was open and being in the mood for some diner-fare food, we decided to give it a try.
By the looks of this place, it was well worth the wait.
The inside is gorgeous and makes you feel like you're about to enjoy some 5 star dining....   Too bad the food and service were awful.
We were seated right away.
It was fairly late on a Sunday night so we didn't have many tables to compete with.
We didn't get the usual "water while you wait" drop off and actually ended up not receiving our beverages until we got our entrees!
I did order the french onion soup... its kind of rare to find it on a menu, so I wanted to try it.
Mine was lukewarm, my husband's was even colder than that.
I nearly choked on the dried out, cheap grated cheese that was piled on top (this was when the water would have come in handy....) It was more like eating a mouthful of terrible tasting flour.
My entree was the turkey sandwich.
The sourdough bread was heavy and greasy.
I had to eat it with a fork and knife because it just left my hands covered in oil.
The turkey was okay, but overall it needed some kind of sauce for flavor and less grease on the bread.
The wait to pay the bill was obnoxious.
We were stuck waiting behind people who were picking out half a dozen pastries to take with them.
I probably would not return.
This place isn't as good as Sunset's cafe and yet they charge a good $3 more on each dish.

I ordered the wild berry waffle and a little green bug crawled out of my berries on to my plate!
I doubt they washed the berries before giving then to me, I lost my appetite!

After only two visits, we will never be returning.
That's mostly thanks to Kelly, the manager we spoke with during our second visit.
After finding a hair baked into my bagel and informing the waitress about it, we thought it would be best to notify the manager on our way out.
Apparently she was already aware (although she did not come to our table to apologize), she cringed and said "yeah, I heard about that, sorry.".
Wow, great customer service Kelly!
The waitress did take the bagel off of our bill, as if there was any chance that I would be paying for it.
Aside from that, as if it wasn't enough.
The food was only mediocre.
As to how someone like Kelly got into the position of "manager" at this establishment, I will remain astonished.

I don't know why I have not updated this place to 5 stars.
I continue to arrive with a warm welcome from the hostess (I always come after midnight).
I always get informed of the correct amount of time to wait.
I always get great service, amazing steak, and absolute orders.
5 stars to the most consistent and almost perfect graveyard restaurant to go to!

They are sort of a hit or miss.
Unfortunately they have missed with us too many times.
Lose the late night menu station casinos has.
GVR is close to the house so a natural, right?
Wrong, never sure when we will find them open.
Even called once and given bad info.
Had one really great experience, great server, extra toast, unlimited marmalade....every other time was a disaster.
The put us in a table which is almost totally enclosed and forgot about us.
Little farther to drive and not quite as upscale but sunset is always consistent...and open.

This is GVR's version of the 24 hour coffee shop.
The prices are reasonable, the portions no overwhelming, and the food pretty good.
If the line at the buffet is out of control, walk around the corner, and you will almost never see a line.
I should also mention the full bar.
Worth a stop in.
Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

I will not be returning to the grand cafe @ green valley ranch.
When we first arrived we were told there were 2 parties ahead of us.
There were plenty of open tables visible.
They should staff better for Sunday breakfast.
Once we were seated we waited 15 mins before the server even approached our table.
It took her another 10 mins to bring us waters.
Considering they weren't extremely busy it took forever for them to bring our food.
Its breakfast it doesn't take that long.
Then to polish the whole experience off, when I went to go pay for the check I was not acknowledged I wait to wait for the server to get their change before the cashier even acknowledged me.
There was no sense of urgency during my whole experience there.
I will not be returning.

We ate here one night during our 4 day stay at Green Valley Ranch and I wish I hadn't...
The Better Half ordered a Turkey Burger w/Cole Slaw.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/green-valley-ranch-grand-cafe-henderson?select=n2PXfViq9EY2gau2o6XlZA#n2PXfViq9EY2gau2o6XlZA  I ordered the Nachos, $9.25.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/green-valley-ranch-grand-cafe-henderson?select=7l43zunq9oSx2df6YC68TA#7l43zunq9oSx2df6YC68TA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/green-valley-ranch-grand-cafe-henderson?select=rFCV6YBghUVpNiiND6VEbQ#rFCV6YBghUVpNiiND6VEbQ  The Nachos were a waste of calories....a lot of calories.
The Cheese tasted like the yucky snack bar style Cheese and the Chips were stale.
I was starving though and for some reason (like when you eat crap like this at a ballpark) I thought it would taste better the more I tried....but it didn't.
TBH said her Turkey Burger was average.
At the end of the meal, we were pissed that we ate here.
It also didn't help when we had to flag down our server to fill our Wine and Water glasses during the meal.
There are so many other choices in the hotel....damn, next time we know better.
Return Factor - 10%

going to any casino on memorial day weekend is sketchy but my boyfriend wanted to go to the sports book to watch basketball....and of course the buffett line was over an hour long so we looked around and decided no wait at the grand cafe!
sweet!
we got seated right away due to the catchy flyers outside the resturaunt we didnt have look our menus long lol.
my boyfriend had the tbone steak (9.99) dinner.
he ordered it medium rare came with baked potatoe and veggies.
he said nothing special but well worth 10 bucks.
I had grilled cheese burger with fries and just like all the pics fries came in nifty basket!
my burger was medium well and was soooo tasty!
purrrfect grilled cheese with a tasty burger stuffed in the middle.
no fixins on the burger but really didnt need any.
(i would have loved some grilled onions).
my dinner was 9.50. we added dinner salads which were a spring mix (not my fave ) with really awesome orange heirloom tomatoes .
after dinner we paid our tab and right by the register there is a coffee and dessert counter.
my man was so thoughtful and got me a mini cannoili  to top off my date.
we are thinking of making this our spot when we go!
highly recommend!!

You would expect a corporate restaurant to be run better.
-waited 3 minutes to be seated because the manager didn't want to take the initiative without consulting with the hostess.
the restaurant was practically empty.
-confusion on which server had my table.
-server took order and never saw her again.
Food-servers need to realize they are not just order takers - Order takers work at fast food joints.
another tip...check back on your customer within 2 bites or 2 minutes.

OMG!!
What happened to this place?
We used to come here a lot and never had complaints.
This time we did and even talking to people in the booth next to us also was VERY UNHAPPY!!
We were seated within 5 min of getting there.
The café was kinda empty at 8:30am.
After we were seated we waited about 15 min until the waiter finally came over and just started taking our order.
I ordered the Red Rock BLTA and my husband got the three cheese omelet  with toast and hashbrowns.
It still took forever for the waiter to come back to us with our drinks and never asked if we would like to have some water as well.
When we finally got our food which after the order was taken took about 30min.
I got my sandwich with my fries in a metal little basket on my plate.
I dumped my fries out on the plate and I had 1 little cup of ketchup to use for my sandwich and my fries!!
I did like my sandwich.
My husband said his omelet tasted like they put liquid not real cheese and his hashbrowns on the bottom were burned.
The waiter never came to refill our drinks and we were done with them almost before our meal got to us.
We were waiting for the ice to melt so we can drink something.
Then we were ready to go and my husband kept trying to get the waiters attention.
In which he ignored us.
We waited 15 min for our check and never got it.
We got up and walked up to the registers and voiced our frustration.
The girl got our ticket and rang us up.
Never apologizing for our bad service.
NEVER again will we be back.
Such a HUGE disappointment.

Nice rooms, great restaurants and bars.
However the casino has low ceilings, so the smoke was overwhelming.

This has got to be the worst service ever, they can't cook and are in no rush for anybody.
Our waitress was quite possibly straight from hell.
The food looked weird, she insisted it was fine and basically couldn't care less.
The food was barely microwaved.
( So much for dining out, I can use a microwave too and quite well thank you).
The meat tasted weird as if it was dunked in a cleaning fluid..  Food had to get sent back, the replacements were worse.
Really?!
The food was undercooked the second time around  .. what is wrong with these people?!
Wouldn't actions be taken to ensure it did not happen again?
The manager tried to be helpful but it was too late.
By this time Mistress Cruella or whatever her name was ( The waitresses name started with an E but I don't remember her full name) had everyone feeling almost creeped out, and everything was just nasty.
We couldn't wait for it to end!
It was like having to watch a bad 3 hour movie before you could hit the potty train... never, ever again.
I will swallow spit before I put my family through such torture.
The atmosphere here is nice, so there it is the one star they are getting...

I've only eaten here once.
I won't eat here again unless I have no other options.
The food was mediocre, at best.
The SERVICE however, was non existent.
Our server took forever to come and take our order, gave us attitude when we asked about using our "free beer or well drink" coupons at their bar (the coupon says "any casino bar" so we figured the cafe counted.
apparently not.
), and spent more time oogling over his coworker's loud screaming child at the table next to us than finding out if we need anything.
If I want crappy service, I'll go to the foodcourt, not the cafe.

After looking at the previous reviews, I'm wondering if perhaps there is more than one Cafe in the Green Valley Ranch Resort & Spa?
Our server, Kristin, was amazing and we had a great conversation with her.
There were many items on the menu that sounded good, but we decided to go with the daily special of T-Bone steak for $9.99 and a couple of side house salads.
The bleu cheese dressing was delicious, the lettuce, tomato and croutons were crisp and fresh.
The T-Bone steaks were prepared perfectly to each of our specifications (medium-rare for the hubby and medium-well for me...usually they can come out looking about the same, but ours were cooked to order).
The dessert showcase near the register was gorgeously stocked with treats and we finally decided to get a frosted brownie to go.
It was HUGE.
And verrrrrrrrrrrrry chocolately and rich.
We will definitely be back the next time we are in the Vegas area.

I eat here alot b/c I play at GVR almost every day.
The food and the service is not as bad as people would make it out to be.
Not everything on the menu is great but some things are pretty good.
Personally I like their quesadilla, nachos, salmon eggs benedict and their chicken tenders.
My boyfriend and I are friendly with most of the waiters and the service honestly isnt that bad.
I am never disturbed when I leave there.
Its very convenient and if you play alot, you can get the meal comp'd most of the time; which is a bonus.

The food is actually pretty good here and it is clean but the issue is the staff.
They can be almost empty and they make you wait.
They give you a half a glass of water or drink and NEVER refill it.
They seem to be way understaffed.
The staff also seems to be incompetitant.
Interestingly the one at Sunset Station is just the opposite the staff is great but the place is not clean.

I will not be eating here again.
I had ordered an appetizer, salad and coffee.
The appetizer plate was never cleared from the table and my salad was drenched in dressing, but I was given a gallon of coffee.
Awesome combo!
The waiter was hardly attentive and I got more face time with the food runner.
I could understand if they had been swamped, but every other booth and table was empty.

Service was good.
Ordered the teriyaki chicken dish.
The vegetables were undercooked and it was rather tasteless.

You know good food only takes a place so far, but good customer service and good food makes a great establishment, which this is not.
Long story short; I took some friends to eat here, and the late night prices are unbeatable for the food.
We get our food and all 5 of our hash browns orders are practically raw!
I told the waiter who didn't show up until after we were finished (Jose P.) about the problem; he asked if I wanted fries!?
30 minutes after we finished eating you don't offer a person fries... talked to the manager on the night shift she really didn't seem to care either.
So the next day we went to play some blackjack, and I told the dealer Suzie (Fantastic, she takes your money with grace) about what had happened, as I am a regular at the tables at least 2x weekly.
She called her boss over and they gave me 40$ voucher for the cafe.
We then saw the same inconsiderate manager the next night and I told her about the voucher, she told me I couldn't have given you a discount since it was already a discounted promotion!
I paid money for something that wasn't even cooked, let alone cooked incorrectly.
Is she nuts?
This place has lost my business going forward, but I will continue to gamble at Green Valley that's for sure.
Also I must say the cheese cake is damn good, it crumbles when you eat it, delectable!
Just dont expect good service, or cooked food.
They cater the Cheese cake thats why its good.

Went in for the breakfast it was about 2 o'clock in the morning, the place was relatively empty not a lot of tables and not a lot of people we had to waited to be seated and it took a good 10 minutes before they came and took our order and the place was pretty much empty.
I ordered the bacon & eggs, eggs over easy, toast, biscuits and gravy it was good.
One thing, you would think a short order cook could fry an over easy eggs without breaking it.
Not here!
Both eggs were broken, they looked like a train wreck .
I asked for two new ones and they to looked like a wreck, just eat the messed up eggs.
Stay away from the graveyard shift, stick with the day crew.

I came here with 2 other people, about 2am after playing in the casino for about 4 hours.
My sister in law said the had good prices on the " late night" menu.
The cafe was nice, clean and comfy.
Our waiter took forever to come over and when he did he wasn't very pleasant.
Our order took forever.
We all ordered the same thing with one having slight modifications.
She asked for turkey bacon and cheese on her scrambled eggs.
When our food finally showed up it looked disgusting.
Everything was coated in grease, the bacon looked and tasted like it was deep fried and it looked and tasted like the eggs are made from powdered eggs.
When my friend pointed out they forgot her cheese the waiter asked her if she wanted him to bring her some cheese out or have the cooks melt it on?
Seriously... She sent it back with him but less then a minute later he was back with the cold cheese they sprinkled on top.
She said she wasn't going to send it back for a second time because she didn't want anything extra too be in it...   All in all I've read the reviews and I'm not the only one who thinks this place sucks...
I'm from out of town, I come to GVR 3-4 times a year with my family that lives in town.
Guess if your drunk you don't complain but you would think someone in marketing at GVR would be vigil at this social media thing and maybe want to fix the problem... Needless to say I'd rather starve then eat here again...

