I was of the variety of guy who either lets his hair grow or shaves his head with beard trimmers.
No longer.
At Player's lounge I get a great cut which doesn't look like my hair has just been cut, I'm told this is a good thing, though I am, frankly a philistine.
What really impresses me is the way that, for the price of a beard trimmer, I can get a haircut AND a can of IrnBru® from the same location!
Also  Dave is on the tellybox so I can watch reruns of TopGear while getting my mane trimmed, in a word: Ace.
Manly and ace.

Been getting hair cuts here since I moved to Edinburgh and well they do a great job.
they ahve created a little den for guys to come in and go through a haircut, something most of us cant be bothered with, and make it an ok time.
Lads magazines, drink on arrival, PSP to play and sky sports news on the tele!
The haridressers tell you what you should get done (a big plus for me) and create a great vibe.

I have been in Edinburgh for almost 1,5 years and it is the first time I decided to get a haircut here.
And I believe I walked into the right place.
I dropped in without an appointment and from the lounge room it is clear that this place is a men's world; from the GQ magazines all around the place to the black leather couches and widescreen TV's.
Before the haircut you will be offered tea or coffee and most importantly you will feel welcome.
My barber was Neil and he was excellent; he did exactly what I asked for, he was polite and with a very good hand from the what I can judge.
After a session that included washing, scalp massage, haircut and finish I walked away refreshed, 100% content with the result and with a loyal card in the pocket that I am sure I am going to use.

I am very particular just like everyone else where I get my haircut.
I decided I would spend the money and get one here and I am so glad I did.
This is my new barber shop.
The lades who work there are always very friendly and I can have a nice chat with them while I get my hair cut.
I have never had a shampoo before a cut so I was pleasantly surprised when that was included in my cut.
The lades talk you through exactly what you want done with your hair and I never feel rushed out of the shop or anything like that.
Well worth the money to come and get a hair cut here.
This will forever be my barber of choice and I recommend it to all the gentlemen out there.
If you want a relaxing cut with some tea and a friendly chat with the lovely hairstylists here I recommend you try this place out and you will be hooked like I was.

