The new hidden gem in Waterloo!
Amazing food at reasonable prices.
I tried the pulled pork sandwich and was impressed with the unique flavour...the pork was smoked well, the sauce tasty with pieces of salty crispy bacon topped with great coleslaw on a great bun.
Home cut fries with more pulled pork, cheese curds and gravey made up smoked meat poutine.
I shared a beaver tail for dessert, you have to try it, hard to describe, yummy!
All the food that came out of the kitchen looked great.
I will return to try a few more dishes, if I can resist ordering the pulled pork again.
The chef/owners were very interactive with the customers and checked in with each table and also offered up suggestions for my next visit - I was promised that the baked hot dog was a life changer, sounds like a challenge I may have to take.
I was impressed with the sincerity offered by the one owner as he thanked us for coming in and hoped that we would return again.
This is the kind of establishment I like to support in the community.

Delicious pulled pork, and amazingly fantastic fries.
The bun on the pulled pork sandwich was a bit small to fit all the meat, but was just the right balance of fluffy without falling apart.
You can tell great care's been put into the details with the food.
I should mention that the current location on the Yelp map is incorrect.
The restaurant is up by the St. Jacob's, at the west end of  Farmer's Market Rd.
at the northern King/Weber intersection (not near the southern King/Weber intersection)

The staff is very friendly and offers a lot of helpful recommendations.
They have a very easy and accessible menu.
My sister and I had plenty of vegetarian options available to us, and the meat dishes looked great too.
We ordered a chicken sandwich for a friend to take out, and found out that it came with a bacon topping and this wasn't listed in the menu.
Be sure to ask them what extra ingredients come with your meal.

Amazing food!
Try the baked hot dog, its the best damn hot dog I have ever had!

Fantastic food!
It's all your favouries with a twist!
Best Restaurant pulled pork ever!
It is covered with a great cajun coleslaw!
Just fantastic!
You will be a regular too!

The staff was very friendly.
The food was good.
I had the classic poutine,  and somehow got a rib/pulled pork poutine.
Sent it back and got a classic.
It was a good poutine, a little less gravy and salt and it would have been better.
My girlfriend got the pulled pork because of the reviews left on here.
She said it was good, But not nearly as great as people were proclaiming.
The ambience is terrible.
It echos like mad so you find people constantly trying to talk over each other and it just gets louder, and louder, and louder.
And the seating is very uncomfortable.
I'm 6'4".
And those captains chairs are not made for big dudes.
If I were to go back it would be "to go".
I like to be comfortable while dining.

First time to try Pootine and The Crazy Canuck exceeded my wildest hopes.
Just trust the dude behind the counter and he will take care of you.
I had Smoked Meat.
Oh, the curds :)   The atmosphere is also very Canadian cool.
Don't expect anything fancy and don't trust your GPS, but this place is awesome.
Oh, and don't miss the Snow Shoe for desert.
It's a deconstructed jelly donut with ice cream on top.

Amazing pulled pork sandwich!
The meat was charred and tasted just right.
The sides are huge portions.
The poutine was pretty tasty but not enough cheese!
More cheese and it's just right.

Burgers are great.
Daily specials are varied and tasty.
I get lunch here often.
Recommend their burger special or quesadilla with good old poutine!

Go here!
Now!
I travel to the Ontario area often, and I'll tell you for a Kentucky boy, the food leaves a lot to be desired.
But this place is really good!
Great food at a great price.
Some indoor tables and spacious covered outdoor area.

