I found White Rock through my work, and have never been feeling better or happier.
First, their approach is much more holistic than many chiropractors I have been too.
Stretching, adjustment and trigger point massage work together to realign your spine.
Secondly, Dr. Bryson always takes time to make sure that she's covered everything that's bothering me.
About the only drawback is their hours, but since I work an off schedule, for most people it's not an issue.

I found them at a health fair, they were nice from the start.
I never had any back problems besides the normal stiffness.
They took a no pressure approach to maintain my back health.
They are flexible with my schedule.
I can go in early or late on appointment days and if I'm in need of work, I can call same day and get an appointment.
All the masseuse are well trained and know how to hit knots.
Great for those in need or those who want to maintain

My girlfriend and I have both been going here since August 2009.
We get physical therapy, trigger point massage, and our adjustments.
We see Dr. Bryson.
What I love: Its clean, theres a big TV to watch while you do your therapy, and all the massage girls are super nice.
Theres hardly any waiting usually.
We can make our appointment within an hour of needing to be there and they have space for us.
You get a free massage when you refer a friend too.
Kristi is my favourite massage therapist.
She is amazing.
AMAZING.
I get horrible migraines and she gives this awesome scalp massage that makes the migraine go away.
Bonnie is also great too.
We can ask Dr. Bryson about pain issues we're having out of the normal, like my girlfriends knee hurting, or my sinuses being sore, and she will work on those too.
Everyone is so friendly!
What I don't like: Lots of clients bring their kids, and the kids just kind of run around, and everyone seems ok with it.
This drives me insane, especially when I'm trying to do my stretches and the kids are playing on the machines.

I love these people!
They have amazing integrity, and work to do what's right for the patient.

These guys are amazing!!
Been going to them for about a month now, everyone is so friendly and helpful!
I would recommend them to anyone!

I am so very happy and grateful for all the wonderful staff that works here.
You can tell everyone that works here really do enjoy their work and this is the first place I have been to that actually remembers me by name!!
Allison is simply fantastic, I have never met a more caring, sweet, nice, thoughtful Nurse Practioner in my life; although, I do really like Susan as well.
Who knew that these two could make getting six injections twice a week enjoyable!
Kristi is also a wonderful addition to the team, I enjoy our conversations and the stretches she has taught me to help alleviate some of my pain.
Overall this place actually addresses the deep underlying issues and provide therapy that truly works.
I have had chronic headaches for years and I have finally found the cure.
I would recommend this office to anybody who needs quality pain management or care.

Pain Stop Tempe has provided me with absolutely wonderful service, care, and attention.
They truly care about the welfare and health of their patients and they provide pain management strategies that work!
I have nothing but good things to say about the ENTIRE staff.
It's rare to find a place that provides such superior service.
Kristi, Dr. Jessica, Dr. Susan, Dr. Ronnie, and Dr. Shawn as well as the front office staff are all as sweet as can be, and you will not regret your decision to seek out help here!

