A wee gem, way down on Leith Walk.
Perfect for a cosy evening's dinner (ideal, when those evenings start to draw in and you're looking for somewhere snug) with that special someone - or with a bunch of your workmates (an office party was in when I went - but even though they took up most of the space, the atmosphere remained cosy).
It's small and simple, with the menu written up on a blackboard.
Loads of options (great for vegetarians) - the antipasto plate is huge and really tasty.
Great pizza, too.
A highlight for me was the B.Y.O.
option - go and buy your own beer/wine, and enjoy it with your meal.
The corkage was absolutely minimal, as far as I remember - 50p for beer, £2 for wine - but don't quote me on that as it was a few months ago.
We got the window seat, which I always like -  a really great spot, especially if you're solo dining.
Really warm, friendly, cosy, independent - I love this place.
Go check it out, because it really deserves your business.

This unassuming little place opened up right around the corner from our flat, yet with so many good Italian restaurants in Edinburgh, it was hard to convince myself to risk my cash somewhere new.
But I'd heard such good things that I wanted to give it a go.
Support local businesses and all that, innit.
As seems to be the fashion for Edinburgh eateries these days, it's a small room with a short, simple menu.
Just a handful of pizzas, pastas and salads, which is a refreshing way to focus the mind and indeed the stomach.
The evening started well in a nice cosy room with friendly staff and we settled in with a few friends for some tasty Italian food.
Unfortunately the food, while nice enough, was a bit of a disappointment.
The antipasto plate was pleasant if unspectacular, and was brought down by the crappy soft white bread rather than the good Italian-style bread you'd expect.
And the mains followed the same path.
The sauce for my penne all'arrabbiata was quite nice (if untraditional) but the pasta was over cooked, which is a cardinal sin in Italian cooking.
Anyone who's been within a couple of time zones of Italy knows about their obsession with al dente pasta.
Likewise, the pizzas.
The toppings looked tasty enough but they were made with thick crusts rather than proper thin Italian-style bases.
That's fine if you're making your own pizza at home but why go to an Italian pizzeria to eat non-Italian pizza?
With Al Dente on Easter Road cooking traditional Italian pasta and La Favorita on Leith Walk serving the best pizza this side of Naples, and a plethora of old-school British-style places serving soft pasta and doughy pizza, I don't know what market Origano is chasing.
PS.
Note that they are now only BYOB on Mondays and Tuesdays.
But the wine list is reasonably priced so you don't need to empty your wallet.

I'm finding it hard to be fair here.
The food is actually really nice - fresh, tasty, great quality.
But it's just not very Italian.
And given that I had taken some friends there who are about to move to italy, and love all things Italian, it was disappointing.
Fluffy white bread, however delicious, isn't very Italian.
And puffy pizzas ... it was like a fancy Dominos.
So - nice place, lovely people, and actually very nice food.
Just not very Italian nice food.
So - fair enough, so long as you know what you're going for!

We enjoyed our first night in Edinburgh dining at Origano.
It was an all around lovely experience.
For a starter my husband and I had the Bruschetta Crudo.
For the main course we shared personal pizzas- my husband had the Vesuvio (spicy!
) and I ordered the Caprino.
Our waiter was very friendly and helpful as some of the menu ingredients were new to us.
We don't have rocket in Canada.
Stellar meal!
The suggested wine pairing highly complemented the flavours.
Highly recommended for a lovely evening out.

Origano is Leith Walk's (and Edinburgh's) best kept secret.
The cozy romantic atmosphere and friendly staff make you feel like a regular as soon as you walk in the door.
When dining in  we have the Bruschetta Pepperonata with roasted peppers, goat's cheese, rocket and balsamic vinegar - which I often wish was an entire meal!
The Spinacio pizza with a fried egg in the middle is my meal of choice, while my OH goes for the Calabrazi (often on their specials menu).
The 11" is plenty for me to be a full meal, while OH goes for the 14".
They offer a lovely selection of wines and drinks - and offer BYOB Monday and Tuesdays for wine (£3 corkage).
Origanio is very close to another pizza place that people rave about, which leaves me in shock as I think these pizza's are much better (yes, taste is subjective!).
Offering take-away and delivery services, our above order comes out cheaper than if we were buying two pizzas from a local chain and the quality and flavours are so much better.

