I initially bought a set with my bf from the kiosk at Galleria Mall at Sunset.
We purchased the king set with 2 additional pillowcases.
Omg, these are by far the best sheets on the market!
Folks, do yourself a favor and buy a set!
Someone told me once that you should always be able to feel the sheets you're purchasing and don't ever just order from a website sale or other place online just because it is heavily discounted and typically soft.
These sheets feel like a cross between satin and cotton jersey sheets imo.
Well, bf and I broke up and he took the sheets with him.
:( JERK!!!!
My parents visited recently, and when shopping at Town Square we saw the kiosk there and I raved to my mom about how comfortable the sheets were.
The sales girl said they were running a promotion that day for buy one get one free or 1/2 off or something, forgot which.
Anyway, they were $80 total for two queen sets.
Any color we wanted.
I love them and hope they stick around for a long time because I could never buy any other type of sheet.

I tested the Vibration 360 when I was at the store.
After thinking about it for a few days I called the store to see if the Vibration 360 was still available.
The clerk ensured me that I would get a new machine rather than the floor model which is "tested" by every man, woman, and child passing through.
I even asked her about assembly of my "new" machine.
She told me that someone would assemble it and that assembly was included in the delivery fee.
I paid for the machine in full over the phone.
To my surprise the machine arrived already put together so I figured it must have been assembled at the store.
The machine had multiple deep scratches and the frame was cracked.
WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD I AGREE TO PAY HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS FOR A USED MACHINE WITH DEEP SCRATCHES AND CRACKS!!!!
I tried to call the clerk back on her cell, but no answer.
I told the poor deliver guy (nice guy) that I was refusing delivery.
He called his manager who apologized and stated that he would deliver a new one to me....AS PROMISED!!
The trust is gone!
I will NEVER order from this store ever again.
This attempt to get rid of a badly used floor model lacked integrity!!!

We have 3 sets and love them.

We bought 3 sets of holy sheets and although they feel great to sleep on, they have a major flaw with linting and bleeding color onto mattress pad and over comfortor.
I gave 3 stars because we explained to manager what was going on and he returned his products and was very helpful to deal with even though we were displeased with his product.

Do not even bother,they are so thin and of such poor quality I truly feel bamboozled.
I did feel them in the store but I guess I needed to pull them out of the package 1200 1500 thread count is crap it said on the package feels like did not notice till they were in the wash lol lol not worth the trouble I believe it would be returning them.I can just tell I would be told so so so sorry.
DO NOT BUY, walk over to Macy's.Update to my review these sheet are very thin I do not know what they are made of and I do not care these sheets are so soft and they get softer every time I wash them they are so thin I cannot believe they have not ripped yet.
But I do love them now.

I have been buying these sheets since before they opened the store in the mall and LOVE them.
I have bought them as gifts too and everyone LOVES them.
Do your self a favor and try them you will never go back to anything else.

I have to strongly disagree with those that say they hate this product.
I have spent thousands of dollars over the years on all sorts of sheet until I purchased The Hotel Luxury Collection.
I bought them for year even though for mysterious reason they discolored in a splotchy manner.
Then I went to Holy Sheet in the Galleria Mall and I'm a touch feely person.
I loved the baboo pillows.
Best blessing investment ever!!!
But I also reluctantly bought the sheet due to the fact they were thin and I was afraid of fraying from (his) dry rough heels.
Nope!!
Didn't happen here!!
They are so soft, comfortable,  and add to the comfort of my entire bed making it seem like a cloud.
I was surprised that they were so nice as thin as they are.
The only thing I miss as with The Hotel, is the damask stripes so I know the direction of the bottom sheet and the extra set of king pillow cases.
Great product!!!
So happy I was told "please don't go home without these sheets, we will refund in full if you don't like them.

