There's a buzz going around town- Ahwatukee to be exact,  that there's a new auto repair center that's fair, honest AND affordable.
What a concept, huh?
You other shops need to take note.
I desperately needed an oil change on a Friday afternoon as I was headed out of town to San Diego the next day.
They squeezed me in for a quick oil change although they were jam packed.
It was the fastest, cheapest oil change I've ever had.
And I'm used to paying $60-$80.
What can I say about these guys...just SOLID, SOLID people- great service, friendly and honest.
Hats off to Jim, Paul and Steve running the show there.

Service was quick, but contrary to their sign that they'll "Beat anyone's price", they wouldn't even match Big O's price for a synthetic oil change.
I was told "If you want that price, go over to Big O's and wait 4 hours".

Yeah what can I say about this place in Ahwatukee.....nothing positive that's for sure!
My fiancé needed an oil change the other day and we live right down the street so we figured we would give this place a try since we have never been.
They weren't busy when we pulled up and they had two cars in their work bays while one was open.
We saw 3 mechanics just standing around paying no attention to us.
One was off in the corner stuffing his face staring at us and the other two gents were shooting the breeze as if we weren't there!
After about 3-5 minutes of waiting finally one guy decided to see why were just "sitting" around.
He crudely greeted us with a "Yeah" and after we asked if we could get an oil change he rudely expressed that "We can do anything for you.
We're busy".
You all really seemed busy with 2 cars just sitting half way out the bay doors while the 3 of you relaxed on a sunny day.
Look if you want to push away business that's fine but next time don't waste a person's time.
I wish Grease Monkey would come back.
NOW THAT WAS A GREAT PLACE!!!!
Quick, Super Friendly, Low Cost, and Perfect Hospitality!

I used Xpress Automotive today for the first time and was thoroughly impressed!
Brought my car in for an oil change, but wanted them to check my brakes since my car had started shaking when using brakes.
Dan was very informative and told me exactly what was needed; giving me options for a conservative fix to the ideal repair.
He even showed me the bad rotors on my car and explained in detail about the repairs.
Was easy to work with, polite, and made me feel like a valued customer!
Brakes are being put on my car as I type!
Be sure to look at their website for service coupons,too.
Saved some $$ by applying a coupon to the new brake charges.
I will definitely trust my car to Xpress from here on out!

Such a great place!
The staff is friendly and informative.
Will always take my truck there.
Surprised this place hasn't put the Big O Tires next to them out of business.
Highly recommended place to take your vehicle!

Superb service.
Ask for Steve by name.
He went well above and beyond.
One day turn around on an emergency service with a fair price to boot.
Completely satisfied.
Before now I traveled over 30 miles for an auto shop that I have gone to for years.
However, i can now rely on a place close to home thanks to Steve and xpress.

Very impressed with this place.
They do everything here.
They were done 15 minutes early and we're very cost effective.
I will be going back again I just hope not too soon ;).
I will return for my next oil change rather than the quickie place around the corner that has attitude.
Customer service is one of the last differentiators and this place has got it nailed.

came to this location a couple times in the past and was shocked at their prices for simple work that I could get anywhere else for far less but after reading several yelp's about the new business 'xpress automotive' I decide to try it out.
It's so close to where I live.
Well, the other reviews were true and i found the staff and pricing to be fair and honest.
I thought I might have a slow radiator fluid leak so they checked it out and found nothing.
Some shops would have seen that as a blank check.
I came in for an injector service and LOF and that's what I got at a fair price in quick time.
Happy to have a local auto shop.
We'll be back

Summary: extremely fast and courteous service, reasonable and honest.
My alternator went out as we were driving by the shop.
I pulled in and dumped the car.
I called in the morning, gave them the go ahead and they had it replaced within an hour.
These guys are the real deal.
I will not take my vehicles any place else.

I came in for a 45,000 mile maintenance, coolant flush and an oil change.
The staff were courteous, listened to what I needed done - including documentation on the 45K inspection - and got right to work.
Once underway, they correctly sold me a cabin air filter (an item on the inspection list).
The filter they showed me was unquestionably the one from my car, and certainly needed replacing.
The price for the new air filter was fair, and they actually had it delivered on-the-spot which surprisingly caused me no meaningful delay.
The desk person and the tech were both courteous, and there were no surprises on the bill.
I don't know what else I could expect.
Good place.

Great and honest service.
We are very excited that we won't be getting ripped off by Big'o Tires anymore!!
Thank you Xpress

When I move to Ahwatukee Area, I needed my car fixed.
I had to replace my front wheel hub.
I went to this place since it was close to my house.
The staff member were nice and friendly.
They also gave me the reasonable price for the repair and they gave me a ride home since it was going to take couple of hours.
However, I am giving them a 4 star because I got a call back 6hours later that my car was ready.
Time is very important for me and I was little disappointed.
It would have been ok if they told me it will take about 6hours.
Overall, I would still recommend this place to other people.

