Rob, the manager is rude (by the way, he told me HE was the Manager, when my husband showed up, he said he was NOT the MANAGER and that the Manager lives in Vermont and is NEVER in town but once every 4 months or so), condescending, and completely unprofessional.
Went there and bought a sumitomo tire a few weeks back.
Driving with it the first day, it felt very unsafe.
I found out they put the wrong tire on my car.
They put a touring tire and it should have been an ALL SEASON, HIGH PERFORMANCE.
I called store and asked to bring back the tire.
They said, as long as I didnt exceed 100miles on the tire they would take it back.
I told them I wanted pirellis and they told me they didnt carry them and couldnt match the $300less pricing I found at a competitor shop.
I put my car in the garage for a week and carpooled with my husband to ensure I did not put any more miles than the 67 I did on the tire.
When my tires came in at the DISCOUNT TIRES STORE, I bought my new tires.
I then brought the sumitomo back with a whopping 67miles on it for my refund.
Rob proceeds to tell me that they only refund if I come back and exchange it for another product.
Ummm, maybe Im retarded but then it wouldnt be a refund!
So now I get the story that if i wanted a refund, i would have had to bring it back after 30miles which is considered a test drive.
THIS IS NOT WHAT THEY TOLD ME in the store or on the phone and it is not what they told my husband when he called the store.
I am now out $227.00 for a tire that sucks and I would never put back on my car.We called the Customer Service number for Corporate and they told us the AREA MANAGER refuses to call us to talk about it and that we have to just "Suck it up!
" because it is a franchisee and they don't have to talk to us.
ARE YOU EFFIN KIDDING ME!
How in this day and age does Customer Service become like this?
I hope this store goes under!
Do not give this store the time of day!!

Bob, one of the front-desk workers at this Big-O Tire, is of a dying breed - an honest, won't-oversell-you, autoshop worker.
I came in after nearly passing out in my car - no A/C, an hour stuck in traffic with 117 degree weather outside.
After googling every possible fix-it-yourself way to repair the unit, I broke down and drove to Big O.
When I had been quoted before at nearly $1,200 with labor to repair a whole A/C unit, I blanched.
That is not in my college-student budget.
I got a great deal on a compressor - turns out I didn't even need the whole unit replaced, just the compressor and a wire.
The mechanic working on my car was incredibly thorough and made sure to use paper mats in my car while test driving it.
Bob was excellent in explaining to me every process my car was going through during repairs and made sure to be thorough in explaining all the necessary labor and made sure to make me feel like a valued, appreciated customer.
I've worked in autoshops as a secretary.
I know how easily it is to upsell customers and give them services that really could be held off a bit more - and was so grateful that Bob let me know that they install customer-bought parts as long as they come in original packaging (which will save me even more money when I get new brake pads!
) and I left feeling not hardly as horrified as I was as I shelled out the money for a new compressor.
A/C is still doing great =] and I am DEFINITELY going to be returning.

I've been meaning to put this review up for a while to thank Big O Tires and Rob for a job well done.
My experiences here have been more like Hillary's and not Tanya's.
Rob is the man!
A complete professional, very friendly and personable and makes you feel like your car is in good hands (which it is!).
Rob will make sure you are completely taken care of and make your car "right as rain".
My girlfriend and I brought in our cars before a cross country road trip to get a good amount of work done.
Big O was quick and we have no complaints about the quality of their work.
I since have moved away from Arizona, but if and when I return in a couple years, I'll be sure to return to this Big O for my car maintenance needs.

Updated Post: Due to the review you see below, I am taking back my first impression of this place.
DO NOT PATRONAGE this assinine store manager's store.
Do not use this store.
They are Liars!!!
Initial Post: Get there early.
They get really busy after 8:30am.
But, nice staff and friendly service is granted.

Everyone at this place was a HUGE help.
A friend and I were in need of it when our trailer tire got a hole in it while we were driving.
They were already locked up and closed yet they were happy to change our tire on our boat trailer right then.
We were taking our trailer around to their garage and then the axle on the trailer snapped.
They helped us move it into one of their parking spots(more like 1 and 1/2) and they let us keep it there until we could get it fixed.
It was there 9 days and whenever we came out to work on it, they would always give us a hand if needed and helpful advice.
Once we got the trailer back in order we shopped around for tires since we just spent some unexpected money on the axle.
They had the best price around.
I don't think many other tire places would have done the same for us as they did.
THANKS BIG O TIRES on Happy Valley Rd.

I purchased my wife's tires here and was hoping to find a decent mechanic.
I took my car in as well for service.
Here are the sequence of events.
1) Took my car in for oil change, tire rotation.
They never did the tire rotation (they never asked where my wheel lock key was) but charged me for it.
2) Took my car in for a "check engine" light issue.
They told me it was a sensor ($100) but it later went off again.
Then they told me it was my gas cap ($21) and purchased one from Toyota.
When that didn't work, they advised me I needed a new gas tank assembly (over $700; I later learned from Toyota it WAS the gas cap, they just got the wrong one).
At least this time, they asked for the lock key for the tire rotation but am so glad I didn't follow their assembly recommendations.
3) I took my wife's car in for an oil change and to replace the radiator to manifold hose.
They called and told me it was ready but when I showed up the owner took me over to see they broke the radiator.
Another day in the shop (and my wife and I both work and have two kids to manage).
They replaced the radiator, but when I drove it there was a fluid leak.
I took it back (another day in the shop).
When installing the radiator, they inadvertently cut or did not replace gasket to the radiator / transmission line.
They fixed it (free) but when I got it back, our transmission fluid was low.
Make your own conclusions, but I am not servicing my car here ever again.

I received a free oil change coupon from my moving into the neigborhood packet and decided to give this place a try.
I usually try to stay away from chain places because of to them you are just another number.
Garrett helped me and he was very nice and helpful.
He had suggested a few things for the car because of the age.
Told me to go home and take a look at my records to see if any of the items he mentioned had been addressed.
He came into the waiting room about 45 minutes later and said my car was almost finished and he could ring me up and get the ball rolling.

Excellent service!
A few months ago I got to meet Mike the mgr who also assisted me very generously when I needed a alignment and tire for my Mazda5.
i love the fact they offered me a ride to my job while they worked my Mazda.
Today I went back with my new Nissan Quest....not sure if I was just lucky to have the manager help me the first time, this time Barry helped me as I asked for a evaluation on my new vehicle.....honest evaluation, professional help, excellent staff!
I've met with bob and Desiree by phone....so helpful and kind too.

I should have checked the reviews that were posted before I sent my innocent 18yr old there to get a simple oil change with the coupon we received in the mail.
Bob who is one of the floor managers laid the "your manufacturers warranty will be void," if you get the 29.00 special oil change, so he talked my son into the $79 oil change with his false tactics.
Avoid this locations SCAMS!
When I called Bob, all he did was argue with me!
He said your son should have called you!
Seriously!

The best automotive shop I have EVER been to!
Excellent customer service, quick and VERY throughly service, honest and courteous employees.
I highly recommend this shop to everyone and we will always return here!

Wow.
Never ever again.
They told me I needed 4 new tires, power steering flush, and rear brakes replaced.
I had a free oil change so I had a feeling they would tell me I needed to get work done, but this much?
I got a second opinion and my car is in tip top shape!
For example, my tires will last me another 15k miles!
They probably just wanted to sell them cheaper.
Was told they could sell them for at least 30 bucks a tire and wanted to charge me $650+ for new ones.
No thanks!

Got my oil change done.
I had a coupon that expired on the new year and they took it without a problem.
I really appreciate that since times are tough in our family.
Greg is am awesome guy.
After my oil change was done, I forgot to mention that my hubcap was a tad off the tire and Greg was nice enough to get it back up and adjust it for me.
Great people and customer service~!

Love this place.
Technicians taught me how to clean my K&N air filter instead of selling me another.

This is a great location.
Yes it is a bigger name tire place here in the Valley, but the manager, Mike Sports, and his staff are what sets them aside from everyone else in the PHX/metro valley.
Mike is a very professional manager, and very friendly.
His techs are very professional as well.
I had 4 tires put on my truck there, and was happy with the service I received.
All of the staff makes sure you are taken care of (need a ride, water, etc.
) They also are great at keeping you updated as to the progress of your vehicle.
I grew up in "small town America," and this felt like going to my local tire shop back where I grew up.
I highly recommend going to see Mike and his crew for tires, or other maintenance needs.
You will not be disappointed in my opinion.

I'm originally from Montana and have had a number of really good experiences with Big O as they have a larger market share in the Northwest, similar to how Discount Tire has in the Southwest.
I picked up an amazing Groupon, three oil changes for $20 at this Big O location.
That's a screaming deal and quite frankly, I wondered it they would honor all three since it typically takes a little over a year for me to get three oil changes done.
Very happy to report that they gladly honored all three changes, just finished the last one last week.
One of the differences between Big O and Discount is Big O also does mechanical work including brakes whereas Discount does not.
My brakes were squeaking and since I only had 20K on the new vehicle, I didn't think I needed new pads already but asked Big O to take a look during the last oil change.
I always feel vulnerable when I ask a mechanic to take a "look", it seems you're almost inviting yourself to lose a couple hundred dollars in repairs.
That wasn't the case with Big O, they changed the oil and verified that my brakes were fine-no need for any work at this time.
Love the honesty!
This is a busy location, you probably need to call ahead for an appointment for most service work.

Worst experience ever at a Big O Tires shop.
I had an appointment for 2:00 pm and they didn't even get my car on the lifts until almost 3.
After the car was finally lifted it took the technician 30 minutes just to drain the oil and add new oil to the vehicle.
My tires weren't even rotated even though the paperwork claims they were.
After my car was finally done it took them another 15-20 minutes to tell me my car was done!!
I will never return to this location again!

Nothing but great service from start to finish.
The crew at the Happy Valley store never fail to go above and beyond.

