I have visited Dr. Roskos' dental office several times and I am always so impressed with the friendly and courteous welcome I get from the reception staff as well as Dr. Roskos.
The dental office has a relaxed, calming feel that helped me feel more comfortable and I really enjoy the beautiful artwork on the walls!
I think the service provided for my dental care is top-notch and state-of-the-art.
They even suggested some small cosmetic improvements which really made a big difference in my smile.
I'm pretty particular about my teeth and I think I get the best care from Dr. Roskos' office.

My family has been seeing Dr. Roskos for nearly 10 years and we have been very happy with the work hes done and the way we've been treated all along.
Being self-employed and not on a Dental Insurance plan makes it a little more difficult for me to get in as regularly as I would like to, but they have always been very understanding and willing to work with us on payments when I've needed work done.
Additionally, the quality of their work is great, and they've never settled for mediocre.
My family is and will continue to be loyal patients of Dr. Roskos!

After not visiting a dentist for 17 years (out of fear) a friend of mine referred me to Drs.
Thomas & Roskos.
Dr. Roskos has now been my dentist since the late-1990's.
I would never consider going anywhere else.
The entire staff treats you like you're the only patient they have.
And, more importantly, they go out of their way to make sure you are NOT AFRAID!
Friendly, gentle, talented people that genuinely care.
If Dr. Roskos moved out of state, I would surely travel to him for my dental care.

I LOVE this office!
We always see Dr. Steve & each time we walk in we're greeted with a recognizing smile - they know us & that's always so nice.
My son had his first dental appointment here & he loves them as well.
They award the kids tokens to use for prizes out of the "quarter machines' (think of the grocery store).
I have been a patient there since 2007 & will never change dentists again!

I avoided going to the dentist for over 6 years because of fear.
After finding out the damage and getting it fixed by Dr. Roskos I am no longer afraid to go to the dentist!
He is very kind and I didn't experience any pain.

One of the best Dentist offices I have ever been to.
My whole family has been coming here for over 10years.
Everyone in the office is amazing and friendly and they love kids.... ;)

Been coming here for years and their the best!
The team is amazing and friendly.
The appointments never run behind as they value your time.

