I have visited this store several times without much luck.
As in any consignment or 2nd hand store, this is quite normal.
You dont always find the perfect item when you visit and have to make several attempts before wondering if it is the store or the customer.
After visiting this store several times, I happen to be there one day when this woman began screaming at her 3-4 yr old little boy.
I hadnt noticed him doing anything out of the ordinary other than a few skips thru the store.
After the woman ripped into this kid, out of the corner of my eye I saw his REAL Mother grab him and hurry him out of the store.
The woman who was screaming at him was the store manager/cashier/clerk!!!!!
When I saw this, I left and never went back.
I have dealt with the general public in all of my jobs and there is a good way and a bad way to deal with these types of things.

I actually found a lot of clothing items that still had the original tags on them.
Very cute and adorable clothes.
Same with some of the shoes, many of them looked brand new.
Also, they separate things within a size by color, another convenience I like when shopping.
The clothes aren't so jam packed you can't find anything.
Pricing was moderate for consignment.
My only real complaint is the staff don't seem involved with helping the customers.
Two of them sat and talked at the intake for the consignment counter while I had to wait at the check out counter that wasn't manned.
They finally paused their conversation to yell at a girl hanging up clothes that she needed to check me out.

I had a groupon to turn-style consignment, so I popped in to use it and check it out for the first time.
I was impressed.
The place is clean, organized and the space is large.
It's easy to find things.
There  was a variety of clothing for men/women (mostly women), clothing, accessories, furniture, housewares, linens, home decor items.
The prices were very reasonable.
The dressing rooms were spacious and had the right amount of hooks and hanging bars, that is major plus...
I can't stand when dressing rooms are tight and the hooks are missing.
It's a sweatfest in most dressing rooms and it's disgusting- not at Turn-Style, it's great!!
It's April right now and they are still accepting winter, which was cool, b/c most places don't but they said they have space to store it for next season.
I found a few good items, a top for $8.50, a dress for a roaring 20's themed party for $12 (it was on sale and half off!
), and 2 vintage necklaces.
I think I did pretty well for a first timer.

I literally didn't even walk in the door when they turned me away because my clothes were in bags .
Apparently they need to already be on hangers **** My high end dresses and designer clothes will find a happier home somewhere else .
I am a business owner so I know if you have requirements there are much better ways to handle situations , an example ; saying hello first to a customer might be a start .
Maybe even letting my daughter and I get in from the 100*  heat and explaining your protocol while examining what you'd like me to bring back is just a suggestion because I care that customer service should be priority in a mom & pop business .

Terrible customer service!
I had my organizer take my stuff over there several times, and I sold a number of items.
However, when I went to take clothing and shoes over there on my own, I had a problem.
I am disabled, and thought that I would be able to get some help from the store clerks.
WRONG!
The carts or hanging rack were not allowed to be moved outside.
The intake area was far from the main door, and I knew that I couldn't make that many trips.
I asked for help, but the two young girls working there (with one other customer in the store) said there was nothing they could do but suggest that I move my car to the door nearest the intake area.
This was not an option for me, because there were too many steps.
I suggested a couple of scenarios, but all I heard back was "that's against the rules".
One girl told me to stop yelling at her (I never raised my voice), but she kept saying it over and over.
They finally agreed to let me move the hanging card to the door, but did absolutely nothing to help me.
She told me they were in great need of shoes, and I had several beautiful pair.
She also reminded me about the "25 item" rule.
The took all but 2 of my items (discarded because of loose buttons).
I asked if, since shoes where in high demand, she could ring those up as a separate "order", but, guess what?
-- that was against the rules.
So I took them out of the store vowing never to go back.
I had asked for the Manager, but she was on vacation, so I got her name and phone number.
In the meantime, I spoke to my organizer and told her how I had been treated.
She said she would call the manager, who she knew well.
The manager stated that nothing had been done wrong, despite the fact that I was disabled and just needed a small accommodation.
She expressed no empathy whatsoever.
I know that consignment stores walk a tightrope between keeping their consignors and buyers happy.
They could not be in business without both.
They just don't get how little it would have taken for me to be a happy customer.
Instead, they lost all my business as a consignor and a buyer, and that of anyone to whom I can tell my story.
So far, that amounts to quite a few people.
They just don't get it.

Great place to bring the items you don't use anymore and make a little bit of money!
I love shopping the blouse section of the store- I always find the cutest tops in that section!!!
They definitely need more furniture and home decor but I've found a couple great things (like my dry bar) that are so unique and I am so thankful I bought them!
I've seen them on Groupon a couple times so make sure to check it out to save even more money!

Lola, the Consignment Manager, of three years provided no customer service and was disrespectful to me while my sister and I were in the store.
She was the only one behind the counter with no other customers at the counter when I approached her.
She was running between two cash resisters and didn't acknowledge me.
When I excused myself to get her attention she said, Are you wanting to check your account.,No,I need help getting a picture down to purchase ($50).
She said, just a minutes.
After a even longer wait while she struggled with register, I said, "Is there someone else to help., She said," no.
" I waited even longer and when I questioned her about the poor service she said, "I can't please you.
"   When I told her she would lose a sell, she said, "that's ok, have a nice day".
As I was leaving another girl became available and I purchased the picture.
When I told her the situation, Lola lied and denied her statements to me.
Lola did, however, willingly give me Gail's number, district manager.
Gail was wonderful, she listened and was unhappy to hear about my experience in the store..

Customer Service in this store is deplorable.
I have tried to consign several times and run into lack of an organized system and just plain rudeness from the employees.
All I want to do is track the items that they accept and know what they sell for.
This seems like it could go on some kind of on-line system.
Instead, anytime you want to know if your items are available, sold, or donated, you have to ask for a print-out.
The staff hates to give printouts and most of them don't know how to do this.
I have asked for clarification--"What should I ask the clerk for--is it an inventory sheet?
what is it called?
" I just want to track my sold items and be able to easily pick up items about to expire.
Every time I go there they act like I am putting them out and they have no idea what an inventory sheet is.
REALLY?
I think I have a right to know what is happening with my items.
Afterall, Turnstyle is making a nice profit on these.
Isn't there an easier way for the consigner?
This is a business.
Turnstyle is making lots of money on our stuff.
I would welcome a manager to email me or let me know how to contact her.
I read in the 2/20/14 post that there is a regional manager named Gail.
Gail--pls contact me so that I can give some constructive feedback.
I would like to come back and become a consigner again, but your staff Scares me!
Also, I think the timeline for how long you keep the items is too short.
Two months (sometimes it is this short) is not enough selling time.
Also, is there a better way for us consigners to "find" our unsold items before the expiration?
Otherwise, if you leave them there, you lose all rights to the items.
Even if the item sells, if it goes past the expiration date you are not entitled to any of that money.
That sounds ridiculous.
I think 4 months would be a more reasonable time frame for all times of year.
In light of all this, I think that the small amount of money you MIGHT make on these purchases is not worth the hassle.
I would rather give it to a charity that appreciates it than pad the wallets of Turnstyle executives.

I just want to say that they are always thought full when I bring items in.
I know they will do there best to sell them.

