Oil changes are cheap but very slow service.
I took my car in for an oil change and tire rotation and I had to wait for over an hour.
I would understand the wait time of an hour if I had not made an appointment but I had an appointment for this visit.
I also had them scan my car as the check engine light was on.
When they finished with my car, the guy at the counter was on the phone while he rang me up and acted like he was bothered when I asked the results of the scanning.
At this point he did relay the information of what the scan reading said and that my brakes were at 10%.
He would not have told me this if I had not waited to ask.
I called back later the same day to attempt to schedule an appointment for my brakes.
I was told that I didn't need an appointment and to just bring the car in as it doesn't take long to change the breaks.
When I took the car in the following week I was told that they could not take my car that day as they were too busy.
When I told the guy that I had attempted to make an appointment and was told it wasn't needed he did agree to make an appointment for my car the next day.
When I brought my car in for the scheduled appointment (which was at 10:30 and I arrived 10 min early) I waited for over an hour.
At this point I checked the parking lot for my car and it was still in the parking lot.
I asked if my car was done and was told that it was next in line.
I had a 10:30 appointment and it was 11:40 at this point!
And I was told it would take 30 min once it was taken back.
I had another appointment so I could not stay any longer.
I called ahead on the following Saturday and was told they were too busy and could not take care of the breaks that day either.
So instead of messing around with the poor service here I called Fletcher's and was immediately able to get the service I needed.
If you chose to go to this shop either plan on spending a few hours there or drop your car off and come back when its finished.
Oil changes are cheap so I will be back for those but nothing else in the future.

This place has the worst service in the world!
While their work itself isnt bad, their customer communication must change.
I took my car in for head gasket repair and it took them six days to repair it, and if I did not call them for updates, I would never know the status.
Stay away from these guys if you dont want to rent a car.

We have always had positive experiences here.
They have great customer service and prices are good too.

I have a piece of garbage for a car.
I have been here enough to know value and good service.
I will always come here first before making any other move.

Global Auto Repair kindly donated gift certificates for an oil change to my son's school which I won in an auction.
I went today to use a certificate and I was very happy with the service and the fact that the work was done quickly.
I will definitely return.

