Really good just opened on Monday

We'd been watching them overhaul the new Tempe location for over a year now, and I was hoping that the time they were taking with the construction would be reflected in the quality of their food.
Plus, we've been hoping for something different to choose from, as we're so burned out on all the other restaurants in the Warner Ranch/Casa Paloma area, and really had high expectations for babbO.
Alas...
Went here for Mother's Day.
The hostesses tried to jam us into a tiny table against the window, next to a HUGE party (~16 ppl)... not you don't.
Finally got the table that had just been sitting there, empty, for 20 minutes, while three of them debated whether to put us at the window table, pointing at us and at that tiny table as they talked.
Oh boy.
Everything initially was fine, plus we had great service with our waitress - she really took care of us (I can't remember her name, but she was a tall girl with bleached blond hair, a dazzling smile, and a great sense of humor), hence the three stars.
The breadsticks are to die for and so is their pistachio mozzarella appetizer.
My blood orange margarita tasted more like really acidic grapefruit juice, which was a bummer; no more bar orders for me here other than beer.
The entrees were very disappointing, which is where I'm dinging them.
My husband frowned after the food was delivered and muttered, "I sense Costco grade something.
" He got pasta primavera (I think with chicken added), I got the pasta limone with chicken, and our son got meatballs off the kids' menu.
We liked our food in general, but it wasn't sensational.
I think my husband was right in that the chicken was precooked and frozen, because the texture and taste was off.
Not horrible, but definitely not fresh.
I will say our son devoured the meatballs, but he's a hungry kid, so...
The food was definitely not worth the $50 bill.
I guess we'll give them another shot when they work the knots inherent in a busy opening weekend.
However, the first impression food-wise isn't really great.
Oh, and by the way, don't make a big deal that a dish has fusilli pasta (bolded and in red on the menu like it's the coolest thing ever!
) - served with FUSILLI!
!omglolzers kinda crap -  when it's just spiral pasta you can get in a mac and cheese box.
That wasn't fusilli, guys.
I know that's kinda nitpicky, but unneeded pretension is just dumb.

Oh Babbo.
I love you, but you've done me wrong this time.
I have been to Babbo a few times and a few different locations.
The first Babbo experience i had was the one located in Cave Creek, and it was amazing.
I was eating dairy then, and had the Alfredo Supreme.
The bread at the table is so good.
And I tried one of my sisters zucchini chips.
Those are addicting.
The next two times I went to the Babbo located in Phoenix.
I had the chalkboard menu with the portabello with beets and brussels sprouts.
It was good, but greasy.
The side of vegetables were dried out and gross though.
The time after that I was no longer eating dairy, so I had the Roasted Brussels SproutBeet Salad with no cheese, and I really liked it.
I had been waiting for this location in Tempe to open up for quite awhile.
I drove by the space a few months ago and when it said "Babbo coming soon!
" I got so excited.
I added Babbo to my facebook and waited for the day that it opened.
Well, last week we got the chance to finally go and we decided to take my mom for her birthday dinner.
From the start, we could tell the experience was not going to be that great.
It was busy, which was because it had just opened.
But this location has such a small waiting area.
You are almost forced to stand outside in the 100 degree heat to wait for a table.
It took us about twenty minutes to get a table, which wasn't that bad.
We had noticed when we walked in that there was this fat old guy in a chefs hat circling the tables.
We were making jokes about how the chef should be in the kitchen, and not visiting tables.
If he was the chef and wasn't cooking, who was?
Anyways, we sat down and looked at our menus.
I noticed the new roasted garlic hummus and we ordered that.
I double checked with the waitress that there was no dairy in it and told her that I also have a dairy allergy as well as being vegan.
So after we ordered that and it came out we ordered dinner.
My husband ordered the Amalfi pizza, I ordered the brussels sprout beet salad again with no cheese, and my mom ordered a pasta dish.
The hummus came out and it was pretty darn amazing.
I wanted to order like a tub of it to take it home with me.
I am going to have to go home and experiment with roasted garlic in my hummus.
We seemed to be waiting a long time for our food, which also was expected because it was so busy.
Not once, but TWICE, the old fat guy in the chefs hat came by to see how we were doing.
He saw both times we had no food and claimed he was going to go find out about why it was taking so long but instead he just walked to the next table.
So probably another ten minutes goes by and finally the food comes out, and before the waiter has even dropped the food on the table I already see there is cheese on my salad.
Before he sets it down I tell him I ordered it with no cheese because I am allergic.
So he tells me he is going to get me a new one.
Less than a minute later the salad comes back and he goes "Ok we just did a quick swap" Which I assumed meant they had another one ready back there and gave me a new one.
No, it meant he went back there and scraped off the cheese and gave me the same salad.
NOTE TO RESTAURANTS EVERYWHERE: this does not fool customers even in the slightest.
I have had multiple establishments do this to me in the past and I can always tell.
They seem to think the customer is retarded and can't see the tiny specs of cheese still clinging to lettuce leaves.
So I refuse to eat it of course, and the waitress comes back and I tell her that the cheese has just been scraped off and there is still some in the actual salad.
She tells me how sorry she is and goes to make me a new one.
It was another fifteen minutes before I received a new one, which at that point I just wanted to go home.
The manager, I am assuming, and the old fat chef come to the table to tell me how sorry they are and how inexcusable it was.
They made the excuse that the cook was new, but I am sorry, that shouldn't happen anywhere.
Food allergies are a serious thing and cooks should receive training on it before they even step foot in the kitchen.
So we eat and finish, and here is the part that makes me angry.
The waitress comes by and tells us to save room for dessert because its on them.
Uhhh....
I don't eat dairy or eggs, yet they are going to salvage their mistake with dessert?
Makes a whole lot of sense.
NOT!
So instead of offering to take off my salad for my inconvenience they don't do anything, and we didn't get dessert.
And then here is the kicker.... My husband ended up in the hospital the next morning at 5am because the pizza he ate here was so greasy, it aggravated his gallstones (which were diagnosed that morning at the hospital) and now he has to have surgery to have his gallbladder removed.
So thanks for that Babbo.
I am giving this one star because my experience here was just so outrageous, it felt like a bad joke that I didn't get the punchline to.

My coworkers and I were looking for a quick, in and out, italian place to grab a late lunch.
Could not have been more pleased to stumble upon Babbo's.
I read some other comments saying they just opened up, but from the way it's run, I could never tell.
We got in around 3:40 and I was delighted to find out about their Happy Hour (3:30-6:00).
We ordered an assortment of wine which was surprisingly delicious.
I'm not a big wine guy but my boss is and he was freaking out about it and ended up grabbing a bottle to take home.
What made it even better was that a glass of wine is super cheap during Happy Hour.
We told our server, a knowledgeable tall gentleman, that we needed to be in and out and he assured us our food would be out ASAP.
I ordered the Alfredo Supremo With Chicken which was relatively inexpensive, filled me up, and I was able to box half of it up for the wife to enjoy later.
The waiter came back with separate checks promptly after we finished our meals as if he knew we were going to ask.
After a great dining experience, we were in and out in less than 30 minutes.
This is my new italian get away!

There are quite a few good Italian Restaurants around this area, but often they often have a limited  number dishes for a vegetarians.
I have to give these guys high marks for the variety of creative and  vegetarian dishes.
We split a the beet and brussel sprout salad and a pasta prima vera dish both of which were very good.
The Tiramisu was very good, but not quite as good as Vincitorios along the road.
I have been twice now in the last 2 weeks and on both occasions I was curious to see how organized they were and if there would be any service hiccups in the first week of opening.
Despite being pretty busy on both occasions - the service held up well.
Decor is good and eating out on the patio is great, but i would recommend they invest in a misting system for patio before the temps rise any more.
Overall high marks for friendly efficient service, great selection of good food and nice decor.
lets hope they keep the high standards up.
11/23/12 Update  Overall still enjoy coming here - wife especially loves the vegetarian options.
She usually goes with the beet salad.
Must admit the last 2 times we have been they had got the order wrong  and meals had to be returned and done over again.
Marked them down a little for that.
Service is always friendly, food tasty and ambiance good.
Let's hope they get the next order correct?
12/1/13 - Quality of the food and service  has definitely gone downhill over the last year.
Pity cos it seemed very promising at first.

I usually don't review places till I have eaten there a few times, but I really liked our new italian restaurant so I thought I would give them some love.
I had never eaten at any of the other locations and I was not really sure what to expect.
I went for lunch ( as usual ) on Wednesday.
They weren't very busy so that seemed like it might be a bad sign, but the hostess seated me right away and my food came out very quickly.
The place is nice, very contemporary not the usual cheesy italian motif.
Like others have said they get special consideration for having quite a few vegetarian options.
Most italian places seem to only have one or two.
I had the lunch special with a pasta and salad combo.
The Mista salad was very good and I highly recommend it.
The only drawback is that it was severed on a very tiny plate.
I think the portion size was good for a lunch combo, it was just hard to eat without getting lettuce all over the table.
I also got the pasta Vaducci and it was a little heavy on the sun dried tomatoes and light on the olives, but still tastey.
They also have very good bread that seems like they make it in house, bravo.
So in summary : great wait staff,  bread, salad and pasta.
Not sure what else you could want.
i'll be back  Try:  - Mista Salad - Pasta Vaducci

I was expecting a fast casual type of place (like an Italian Pei Wei) but actually it is a full service restaurant complete with a separate bar area.
They had very swanky, modern decor but still kept it super casual; most of the diners in there on a weeknight were families with kids in shorts and jeans.
Everyone from the hostess to the server to the bussers were friendly but brief.
Service was pretty much on par with the price point (about the same as Olive Garden).
This place has a very large menu and that is always a turn off for me since I feel that means they don't really have a special focus and so the overall quality of food (ingredients and preparation) will suffer.
However, the food was pretty good.
Pesto bruschetta was pretty much just cheesy bread so that got me worried that the pasta was also going to be heavy with cheese and cream sauces like so many other chain Italian places So, I opted for the beet and roasted brussel sprout salad.
This turned out to be surprisingly good.
All the ingredients tasted very fresh (except for the beets, ironically, I believe these were frozen since they lacked flavor) and the dressing was crisp and light.
It was a very tasty salad and also very filling since I got the small size for an entree.
I did also try my husband's pesto penne and that was pretty good as well.
It was a thin sauce, not creamy, which I thought was very good.
It did notice, however, that there were strands of spaghetti mixed in with the penne which reinforced my factory assembly line visions of food preparation in places with overly lengthy menus.
Babbo won't replace our favorite Italian places and would not be on my list of destinations for a planned dinner out.
But due to the low prices and speedy service it is a good option for a weeknight supper when I just don't want to cook.
I noticed they do curbside pickup so that is a big plus, too.

Even though it was my first time in, it is my new favorite restaurant!
I can't wait to go back in and try more.
They had so much to offer and a lot of dishes you wouldn't expect to see on a ordinary italian restaurants menu.
Not to mention the service was great and the inside is beautiful (even the bathrooms!
There's a chandelier in the family bath!
) The prices were fair and we loved the happy hour!
I came in the other day at about 5:30 and was seated right away.
My server not only let me know that it was happy hour but also made great suggestions on what to get.
My husband tried their draft beer and I ordered myself a margarita.
I was so shocked to see that they had premium liquor and it was included in the happy hour.
Most places only give you their well but they had almost all of their drinks with the premium liquor on happy hour!
Our server even brought us over waters without us asking.
We got the roasted asparagus as an appetizer which was recommended by our server.
It was so good the way they cooked it!
I don't usually like asparagus but it was so good!
It even came with a side salad of some sort which was great as well.
It was about time for us to order our food and our server had again made more recommendations for us.
She really knew what she was talking about and made the big menu not as scary to choose something.
She even saw that our drinks were getting low and asked us if we wanted another round before happy hour ended.
Our food came in a prompt manner and was steaming hot when it arrived.
I tried the garlic shrimp and my husband had a calzone.
Man was that thing huge!
It was about the size of a football!
Both dishes were really good and the bread that came with it was so addicting!
My husband tried to finish his calzone but didn't quite.
I was shocked to see that our lovely server brought over not only a container for the calzone but even a little one for his marinara.
She offered us the after dinner menu and we took a look but we were stuffed.
It looked like a good variety of "family style" and smaller portioned desserts for two.
I highly recommend trying the place out if you live near or are in the area!

This is a lovely little place for family dining.
We were very excited to have Babbo so local to where we live.
Yay!
Some place we can walk to!
So our hopes were high.
We started with the garlic hummus, which was quite different texture-wise than others we've had before, but still good.
The bread was very good.
Each of us in our family of four ordered a different pasta dish.
Everything looked great but was missing something - that pizazz that comes with a well seasoned dish.
I had the spaghetti and meatballs.
The sauce was good but the rather large meatballs had that rubbery texture of pre made frozen store bought meatballs.
I make the world's best meatballs myself so the bar is raised high whenever I order it out, which I do as a baseline test for an Italian restaurant.
The sevice was excellent and despite the food not "wowing" us, we will probably go back.
I gave this a two star rating because the leftovers that we took home (very nicely packed up in metal trays instead of styrofoam) sat in my fridge for days without anyone eating them.
I hope our future visit makes me want to add a star or two because I really want to like this place.

Went once after this place just opened.
Very disappointed.
Over salty pasta and mediocre apps.
Service was ok.  Will not returned.

The new Babbo on Ray & Rural is very clean and a little on the swanky side.
Very nice ambiance.
Service was excellent.
Our waitress was awesome.
The bread was tasty.
But our food was just ok. Not sure if I will go back since both meals were just mediocre.
And, I don't understand why Babbo puts the salad on such a small plate that it spills over the side.
If you aren't too picky & you love all Italiain food this might be worth a try.

Great food, great service, each and every time.
I have been the other Babbo locations and have always received great service and food.
The server comes around quickly to take your drink and food order.
The food comes out piping hot and quick.
This place is really close to my work, being able to come in and out within the hour for lunch is really important to me.
Each and every time I go for lunch I was always able to get out quick.
Love this place!

Really enjoyed this restaurant that was referred to me by Mr. Jimmy J.
Love this place and so glad it's close to home.
Had the Pasta Valducci and it was very tasty!
Can't wait to go back!

Great food, great service, a bit more expensive than I expected, but the portion was good.
Definitely going back and trying the happy hour as well.

Tried Babbo last night for date night and it was super!
The bread that comes before your meal is really delicious.
I ordered the chicken limone and added the asparagus ($2.50).
The pasta was cooked to perfection, wasn't too oily and I thought I got a good portion of asparagus that was added.
I, however, was totally out dinnered by my husband that ordered a make your own calzone.
This thing was massive and impressive!
He filled it with sausage, mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes.
DELISH!
Just the right amount of cheese and their marinara sauce (that comes on the side for dipping) is outstanding.
We will be back and I will be ordering something with red sauce!
Service was good and it looked like they had an awesome happy hour menu.
I wish I had room for dessert as that menu also looked good!
This place hits a home run for family's, date nights or just hanging out with friends.
Really laid back and chill atmosphere, but still sophisticated.
They also had a really nice patio area, complete with bubbling fountain, which I'm sure will be awesome after we are below 150 degrees!

Excellent calazone.

I LOVE Babbo!
A new location opened near my office (Ray & Rural), and a friend said she loved the food from eating at other locations, so I decided to try it.
8 visits (making me the mayor of Babbo on Foursquare!
) I can say that the food is amazing, and the service is outstanding.
The location is quiet, making it a great place to take business guests from out of town to lunch, or to relax and enjoy.
Their crown jewel is the bread they put on the table prior to your meal arriving.
I have never had better bread.
It's soft and flavorful, and soaks up the olive oil and balsamic dipping sauce like a champ.
The salads are fresh and bursting with flavor, the pastas are fresh, pizzas taste delicious, but my favorite is the Smoked Turkey sandwich, which comes on that amazing bread.
I can honestly say that every time I have been here, the food and service have been consistently wonderful.
I will be back many, many times over.

Heard about Babbo's from a couple of friends who love this place.
My fiancé and I tried it out on a Friday night.
There was a decent amount of people there however there was no wait time (always a good thing).
We sat on the patio right next to a nice little fountain, and for most of our meal we were the only ones outside.
I agree with everyone else's reviews that the decor there is awesome.
Very modern and trendy.
Not kitschy and played out like most Italian places.
We ordered the Firecracker Rolls with a side salad as an appetizer and both were wonderful!
They also served fresh warm bread (tasted like it was made in house).
We absolutely loved everything up to that point!
Now fast-forward to the entrees, this is where things start to go downhill.
We both ordered the Chipotle Chicken Pasta after being told that it was a favorite of several employees.
The presentation and the portions were both good but the taste was so BLAND!
For something that has chipotle in the name I was expecting something MUCH more flavorful, maybe even something with a little kick!
Both my fiancée and I had to add a TON of black pepper and red pepper flakes just to give it some kind of taste!
I was very disappointed to say the least.
How could some place have such amazing appetizers and fresh bread but make such a tasteless bowl of pasta?!?!
I will say that the prices were very reasonable, and the staff was friendly and attentive, but I just don't know if I can go back and risk having another tasteless entree.
Maybe we will just go back for wine and appetizers next time.

I had catering from here about 3 months ago at work and loved it and have literally been dreaming about it ever since.
I can't afford to eat out often but today I decided to treat myself and ordered lunch from here.
It was just a to-go order but everyone was very nice and friendly and the atmosphere was inviting.
I ordered the mushroom and asparagus pasta and loved it but the bread was over the top amazing.
The portions were big enough that I can get 2 meals out of it.
I'm literally sitting here eating leftover bread while typing this and in heaven.
I would definitely go back here again next time I can treat myself.

Going to have to give Babbos 1 star now.
On my previous review I gave them 3.
Management responded to my previous review and asked me to contact them so that they could "make up for my visit".
Well guess what, after two lousy emails from "management" nothing has been done.
It's been 3 weeks and they have not delivered on any of their promises.
Seriously people?
What a poor display of customer service.

My hubbs and I ate here last Friday and were pleasantly surprised!
We had received a coupon in the mail and decided to try them out.
Walking in the décor was lovely; very modern and sleek looking.
The service was great!
And the food was delicious!
My hubby had the marinara penne pasta with sausage and I had the garlic and white wine penne pasta with mushrooms and asparagus.
You are given free bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, which is very tasty.
The restaurant is clean, service is very friendly, food is good and the atmosphere would be great for dinner or lunch.

I had a wonderful experience at Babbo tonight!
Seated right away, server came to our table right after we were seated for our drink order.
Wine is good and very reasonably priced.
All 3 of the entrees we ordered were amazing!
Even the bread is delicious!
Nicole was our server and she couldn't have been more accommodating.
We will be back!!

my first visit- my family goes here often for the 5.99 Mon/Tue marinara pasta with 2 amazing meatballs.
Seriously great recipe and preparation as they were moist and not over worked.
Fine dining restaurant rarely get this right.
Also the salad mixed greens with great dressing, pine nuts, feta, raisins- very nicely done.
Service is where the delivery happens....  was not 'present' as in we asked for a cup for coffee to go.
They don't have to go for hot drinks so she brought an empty to go cup/styrofoam which is fine,thought she expected for us to put the cold 1/2 cup of coffee into the cup.
Also came with  a plastic lid (like for a soda which is fine if that is all they have) and a straw!
Then when we asked for a box for left over entree, she only brought one for that, instead of one also for all the bread and garlic butter we had left.
She was just not observant, young and just needs some good training to deliver the product you are selling- as she was basically friendly.
Atmosphere, very nice for a place in a strip mall.
Cheers

Nothing special.

I first had their food at work when they catered our lunch twice.
Everyone loved it.
I then went to the resteraunt on a date with my wife and we loved their homemade bread.
Their salad was amazing as well as their pasta.
I love that they are locally owned and not a big chain resteraunt.
I will be back!

Deal Chicken first time visit, and We Shall Return!
Had the roasted brussel sprouts and beet salad as our appetizer (after discussing it with the very pleasant and attentive server) and if I were to review just it, I'd have to put 6 stars-- in addition to the roasted vegetables, the goat cheese was so creamy and teamed up with the roasted nuts and balsamic dressing so deliciously.
Husband loved his Sicilian pasta.
Midway through our dinner, we knew we'd return so asked to see the menu again to scout future meals.
Seems eclectic and and adventurous-- don't know if menu is online, but if you check it, you might be surprised.
Next time I want to have pizza with broccoli.
Mentioned Deal Chicken-- we had to use up our money in one visit, so we had to discuss what else to get (as "take-out") to round out our bill and we both thought about another b-sprouts and beet salad, but home is about an hour away from this restaurant.
Just adding that to help you understand how goooood that salad was!
So we ordered a kids meatball dish for our grandson -- I'm sure he'll enjoy that a lot more that the microwaved ones he sometimes gets.
Bravo Babbo!

I've been wanting to try Babbo since the place first opened in Tempe.
I've heard wonderful things and I'm a sucker for pasta and all things Italian.
We ordered a kids pizza for my nephew.
It was a nice size personal pizza that was as delicious as it looked.
Wonderful sauce and two HUGELY amazing meatballs for their spaghetti.
The focaccia bread was yummy too!
It was a busy, late weeknight for us so we had to takeout, although I really wanted to dine in.
So why the 2 stars you ask?...back to the long day...I order over the phone to take out.
2 orders of the spaghetti and meatballs and 1 children's pizza.
Pick up in 20 mins.
Done.
Go inside the wait wasn't long for takeout.
I pay.
Done.
I drive home, a good 25 mins away from Babbo.
Get home.
I'm starving.
Unpack and wait...where's the 2nd order of spaghetti?
Look at the receipt, I paid for both...look again.
No 2nd  spaghetti.
Bummer.
I call and the person who helped me was very nice.
I explain that I live to far to just stop in again and she offers to give me a "free" spaghetti.
Again, very nice person but wait, you offer me a "free" spaghetti?
It's not free!
I already paid for it.
Someone that works there neglected to make sure the order was complete.
Ok, maybe I should have checked BUT then again the ticket stapled to my bag had the order correct but what was actually in my bag was  it correct.
I'm just really bummed because one person in my family was out a meal this night.
I really, really wanted to like Babbo.
Maybe if I ever go get my paid for/ free spaghetti ill have a change of heart.
LONG STORY SHORT: NEVER ASSUME YOUR ORDER IS CORRECT WHEN USING TAKEOUT OPTION HERE!

This place is a really good inexspensive dinner.
On Monday and Tuesday they have a great deal for dinner, only $5.99 for a great meatball and Spaghetti meal.
It even comes with a hardy warm bread.
We have come to this location about 4 or 5 times now.
Each time the staff is always friendly and helpful.
The food has been really good each time.
Even their drinks are good and not too high.
I have watched a bit or two or some good football games here as well.
Every time we go we try a differant anti pasta, again with this, each time really good.
Easy parking, and nice place to come for a meal.

Wonderful dining experience.
Lovely food/Lovely service.
It's pretty casual here also, which I appreciated.
The flavor profile of each dish was spot on, and the prices were exceptionally reasonable.
One thing they do right: The meal is timed appropriately.
I cannot abide food coming out at the same time, or shortly, after one's starter.
Also, I didn't feel rushed at all, but when I needed to wrap the meal quickly, our server made accommodations.
The person who served us was a younger gentleman with glasses (if Management is interested in praising/promoting/training).
We started with the Garlic Hummus, which was VERY flavorful (don't plan on a full make out after this stuff).
I ordered the Portobello Mushroom with Brussel Sprouts from the "Chalkboard" Menu which also came with a nicely dressed salad of pine nuts, cheese and a sweet/tangy vinaigrette.
The Chocolate Torte was a LARGE portion, and very decadent.
I also really enjoyed the cappuccino.
Again, a large cup here - Enough for 2 to share.
41 dollars for 2 people - Which included 2 entrees, the app, dessert and coffee.
Not bad at all.
I will definitely be coming back.
I noticed some of the more negative reviews come from those that "take out" food...so I have no input there.
Maybe go into the restaurant, sit down, and enjoy your meal.

What a disappointment!
I noticed the place when I stopped by Fry's marketplace and it looked nice from the outside.
So I suggested to my husband that we should try it sometime.
Last Friday we decided to give it a shot.
And now I'm not so sure I would give them another one.
Here is why.
We got there at around 7 pm on Friday night, busy time for dinner.
The first person to great us at the hostess station said: "One moment please" and disappeared.
We waited for another person to get to the hostess station and told her we had a party of three.
(we had our 4-year-old son with us).
She pointed at the table RIGHT by the hostess station and by the entrance and said: "Is this going to be ok?
" As I looked around the restaurant I saw 4 (!
) other available tables in much better locations and with no "reserved" signs on them.
At that point I said: "can we get that table instead?
" The hostess said "no, the waitress in that section is too busy.
If you don't want this one you're going to have to wait".
SERIOUSLY?!
Ok, it's Friday night, you know you're going to be busy for dinner.
Either hire more waiting staff or get rid of some tables!
Wow.
Anyway, since we had our son with us we didn't want to wait and took the table by the hostess station.
Our waiter was actually nice, which we appreciated.
But then the food came.
I got Curried Chicken and Pear Pasta which I thought was mediocre but since it was $10.50 I wasn't going to make much fuss about it.
It was worth exactly $10.50, not even Olive Garden quality.
The curry was very runny, not a whole lot of flavor, the pears were completely soggy, overcooked to a point they didn't have much taste so nothing to rave about.
My husband got some creamy mushroom combo (don't remember the name of it) with chicken.
He said it tasted ok, nothing special but it ended up costing $17!
At an eatery like that $17 for an entree is waaay too much.
(They have this thing when you order smth for say $12 but if you want to add chicken/beef/pork it's more.
I know the prices are on the menu but it just tricks your mind into thinking it's cheaper than it really is).
We also got mac-and-cheese for our son which (for $6!!!
) was just a pile of cooked penne with some cheese sprinkled on top.
Not much of a sauce going on at all.
He didn't even eat it it was so tasteless.
And all kids love mac and cheese.
Now here comes the main reason why I gave this place 2 stars.
I took the rest of my dinner home.
Later that night my stomach felt a little funny, not like full blown food poisoning but a little sensitive.
I didn't think much of it until my husband told me that after having that curry for lunch the next day he had stomach problems as well.
He also said that when he opened the container there was half an inch of oil from the "curry" sauce.
Yuk.
He should've just thrown it away.

Spaghetti you won't forgetti?
Personally, I think it's spaghetti I ought to forgetti.
The Spaghetti with meatballs was not very impressive.
The meatballs are a bit dry and the sauce is lack-luster.
I also got a different spaghetti dish with seafood and a white-wine sauce.
While it was decent, it was just a bit light.
On the other hand, this place makes good bruchetta and the table bread is not bad either.
I'm not sure if I just came on an off night, since there are quite a few good reviews on Yelp, but I'm not a huge fan of this shop.
(There was also only one other table seated other than our table, which gave the place a sort of lonely atmosphere.

Wow!
Instead of making things better with their follow up they made things worse!
As you can all see there is a comment from the management on my review asking me to contact them which I did right away.
Got an email back saying that the manager at the Tempe location will contact me with an offer.
Well, guess what?
Two weeks later haven't heard a word from her!
I'm definitely done with this place.
Maybe instead of being reactive and trying to put out fires after they emerge they should pay more attention to making it right the first time.

OK, I gotta give these guys five stars for not giving up on their customers!
:) After my one star review about no communication I got contacted again by the management, a very sweet lady by the way, who offered us a gift card to come in and give it another shot, which we did.
I gotta say it was much better this time and if there was an option of 3 and a half stars that's what I would give it this time.
But since 4 stars says "yay, I'm a fan" I couldn't go there quite just yet.
:)  We got there quite early on Saturday night and got a table by the window.
The waitress was there right away to take our drink and appetizer orders.
So far so good.
We ordered their house merlot which is actually pretty good and some waters of course.
The water I got tasted awful, like dishwasher soap leftover awful so I had to ask for a fresh one, which the waitress got for me right away.
She was really nice, no complaints there.
For an appetizer we ordered a Stuffed Portobello Mushroom and that's when it got a little weird.
:) A server came to our table literary 2 minutes later with a wrong appetizer.
We said we didn't order that and he said "you want to look at it?
Maybe you'll want it?
" :) But then our waitress just sent him back to the kitchen and apologized, said she'll get us the right appetizer right away.
I didn't think it was that big a deal though, they made it a bigger deal than it needed to be, especially since it came 2 min after we ordered, so it was clearly the wrong order.
It would've been different if we'd waited for half hour but it wasn't the case so we didn't have a problem with that.
The mushroom was really tasty, very spicy, but we both happen to like spicy so we really enjoyed it.
For the entrees I got Roasted Brussels Sprouts and Pancetta pasta with shrimp.
Again, pasta is only $11 but if you want to add chicken/shrimp/steak you have to pay extra so mine came up to $16.
It was really spicy (which I liked) but other than that didn't have much flavor.
It was supposed to be in garlic sauce and there was no taste of garlic at all, and was supposed to have parsley on top and I didn't detect a single speck of parsley.
:( So it was just ok. My husband got something with seafood (can't remember the name if it now) and said it was spicy too and it was ok.
So overall, it was ok.
It wasn't bad, we enjoyed our night out, and once again, the management seems to be trying really hard to work out any problems that arise, I was impressed by that.
We will probably be back now and maybe next time it'll be 4 stars.

We decided to eat here last week since we had only been the one time and wanted to try them again.
Ugh, it wasn't good.
We ordered a couple dishes to-go and it was completely over priced for what we got and the food was flavorless!
I was so disappointed since when we first tried Babbo's we had a great experience.
We probably won't be back.
We'll just stick to Oregano's or RigaTony's since we always have a good time at those restaurants.

been here before.
Food is great, fresh bread.
But we found a piece of metal from pot and pan scrubber in the pasta n hair in the bread this time.....but the bill was taken care n we were ask to come back with a $25 gift card.
We'll come back again just hope the chef doesnt make us chef speical again.....PLZZZZZZ

Stopped in for lunch after bragging about the one near Arrowhead.. food was good but the very bad service basically ruined the meal.. ordered the brussel sprout beet salad with dressing on the side.. no dressing.. had to flag someone down..  could not get more coffee.. had to continually flag someone down to get something.. and it was an early lunch so there were very few people there.. Waitress was not attentive at all in my opinion.. a side note.. .
I do not think it is sanitary to leave plates of bread uncovered out on tables in the patio area with no one seated there.. gross.
That may save the servers time but not healthy..

Came here one evening for dinner to try out their spaghetti & meatballs special.
I liked the look of the restaurant - pretty modern for an Italian restaurant.
We started off with toasted ravioli which I really liked.
The foccaccia that they bring out is also really good.
I mulled over the menu for a bit and considered getting something else but I thought - when in Rome.
So I got the spaghetti & meatballs and it was nothing better than what I could have made at home.
Now, if they used the same marinara they used with the toasted ravioli for the spaghetti, they would have been on point.
I'm not sure if that one dish is reflective of their entire menu, but I don't know how soon I'll be coming back to try them out.

Food was amazing.
Staff was so nice!
We had a large party, so they sat us against the pretty, tiled wall and modern chandeliers on a long table :) I had a glass of Brownstone Pinot Grigio and the spaghetti & meatball special ($5.99 on Mon/Tue) ~ it was really delicious!
Customer service was really great -our waiter even snapped a photo for us :)

What a great menu!
I stopped in for a take out lunch at 11:30 and the waitress/hostess was fantastic!
I am a vegetarian and lactose intolerant so eating creamy or buttery sauces is out of the question.
The waitress offered to sub the marinara sauce on the pasta primavera so that's what I ordered, for over $10.00.
(a bit pricey for a vegetarian dish I thought)  While I was waiting I scoped out the full bar and inquired about Happy Hour specials.
I was very disappointed to learn that there is NO wine on special for happy hour.
(except for sangria) At an Italian place?
REALLY????
This is why the 4 star review.
UMMM... Hello Owners?
Might want to change that if you want our happy hour business.The  $5.00 apps looked great and were priced well.
They also do a couples "lunch special" for $25.00 for happy hour which does include ONE glass of wine.
The actual lunch specials were great bit expensive to me for just lunch at $9.00.
A small pasta with salad or a small pizza with salad.
The restaurant itself was really done beautifully and probably even wound qualify for romantic at night if the lighting is nice and it isn't too loud.
I got my pasta home and was pleasantly surprised that included was some yummy warm foccicia bread with an olive oil, balsamic vinegar with spices dip!
Thanks!
Oh, the pasta was wonderful and the portion was large enough so I have dinner tonight too!

Okay, so I'm raising my rating back up.
Babbo sent us a gift card to come back after our terrible experience with out last take out order.
So last night we finally decided to use the gift card and give them another try.
We got our food to go and it was great!
I had the spring mix salad with mozzarella instead of feta, and the classic spaghetti and meatballs, and my BF got a Cesar salad and with his Italian pasta.
They also gave us two squares of bread with oil and vinegar.
The spring mix salad was fantastic!
I could have had a huge bowl of that and I'm not usually a big fan of salads.
My spaghetti was also really really good.
It came super hot with two giant meatballs, the pasta was cooked well and it had a really good amount of sauce which I like; I hate dry pastas.
The only small complaint I had is about the sautéed mushrooms I added to my pasta.
I was expecting thick slices of large mushrooms, but instead they were these tiny pieces; no bigger or thicker than my pinky nail.
So it didn't seem worth it to pay extra for sautéed mushrooms.
My boyfriend made no complaints about his meal and also really enjoyed it.
All in all the meal was wonderful and we'll definitely be going back now.

I am very excited to eat here because a friend told me how great it was, walked in and had high hopes.
LOVED the ambiance of the decor, full bar, lots to choose from on the menu and the staff was super friendly, and they had diet coke which for us is a BIG deal.
They brought out bread and an olive oil/vinegar which was good, I ordered a pasta dish which was good but not amazing, I am not a big lover of tangy sauce but I ate it.
My Boyfriend ordered a chicken and artichoke calzone which looked awesome when it came out but after cutting into it the cheese had not melted inside, so we sent it back.
When the waitress came back, she apologized and handed him a clearly nuked in the microwave calzone which was now chewy and sad looking and said she had the cook make him another one to take with him.
Although it was a nice thing to do, he didnt really care for this dish and after explaining that she offered him something else.
Again, the staff was great so that wasnt the issue at all.
They got him a spaghetti and meatball plate, he too ate it and felt the sauce was a bit tangy.
When the bill came out, she did not charge us for his meal, and that impressed me, because I expected to pay for at least the spaghetti and meatballs for him as well as my dish.
This showed me they want to make their customers happy and because of this I will give them another shot in the future.

Increasing to 3 stars.
Went back and had a lovely dinner.
Service was great  and our pasta was delish!

Ok....so it's official...this place blows.
I went a second time to be sure.
Yep; BLOWS!
Bad sign when a good number of the reviews on Yelp reference THE OLIVE GARDEN (the quintessential example of mediocrity) as a better option.
We tried to ignore our first trip to Babbo, because they were the new kid on the block, which meant they were busy and likely prone to a mistake or two.1) We ignored the fact that there were empty tables, but we were still told we'd have to wait for a table or sit at the bar (we sat at the bar).
2) We tried to ignore that it took forever for our food to come.
3) We tried to ignore that the PASTA PUGLIA had less flavor than a wet dishrag.
4) We even tried to ignore that our server/bartender's take on our crappy food came 20 minutes after delivery and was literally, "I didn't notice you weren't eating your food.
You should've said something.
"  We waited a year to return....MISTAKE.
This time it was take-out, and we ordered a lot, to be sure; BRUSCHETTA ROMANA, PISATCHIO MOZZARELLA, MUSHROOM-PEPPERONI-SAUSAGE PIZZA, ALFREDO SUPREMO W/CHICKEN, & BABBO'S BOWL O BOLGNESE.
Our online order told us 20 minutes, which is exactly when we arrived, only to be told by a polite young man, named Raphael, that everything was done but our pasta dishes.
REALLY?!?
15 minutes later (yep) we were heading home.
The timing undoubtedly contributed to some of the earlier dishes being less than great, but really probably not so much as they're just not very good to start with.
BRUSHETTA ROMANA - We appreciate that the Tomato/Basil mixture was separated from the toasted bread for travel, but it didn't matter.
The topping mix felt pre-made, soggy, soupy and gross.
FAIL!
PISTACHIO MOZZARELLA - Interesting choice, mixing pistachio nuts with your traditional Caprese Salad, and it would have worked, if it WAS a traditional Caprese Salad.
It Isn't.
This dish isn't what you're expecting in that it really scrimps on the Mozzarella, choosing to drop a few cubes on top, instead of matching the tomatoes slice for slice.
Also, drenched in balsamic, the entire dish turned into a soggy mess.
MUSHROOM-PEPPERONI-SAUSAGE PIZZA - Gross, Gross GROSS!!!
The crust was flavorless and chewy.
The sauce was non-existent.
The ingredients were sparse to the point of wondering where they were, including cheese.
I'm not sure what they're going for here, but, if it isn't "REPULSE THE CUSTOMER," They're falling miserably short.
ALFREDO SUPREMO W/CHICKEN & BOWL O BOLGNESE - We can combine the pasta dishes because our review is the same for both.
The portions are ridiculously small (c'mon guys, it's pasta), and the flavor is unremarkable.
A frozen MARIE CALLENDAR'S DINNER would provide a more satisfying dining experience.
It's difficult, in this part of Chandler, to find decent Italian food.
I guess, for now, countless reviewers are right; OLIVE GARDEN is a better option.

This was the first time that we have eaten at Babbo and we opted for take-out.
No complaints about the staff they were all nice...but oh my goodness...the food...one word sums it up...blech.
We both ordered the chicken marinara sandwiches which we later found out were no longer on the menu at this location...and we decided to split an order of spaghetti and marinara.
I asked for some extra marinara sauce for my sandwich...I asked for it on the side as in a small container...it was on my sandwich and it made it too messy to pick up.
My first bite nearly made me fall off my chair...the focaccia bread was so salty that the roof of my mouth was burning...and each subsequent bite was the same...I tried scraping it off the bottom but it was too far baked into the bread to do that.
Now everyone who knows me knows that I salt salt...that is not a typo...salt is a food group for me...they really over did this spice.
The chicken was tough and tasteless.
The spaghetti with marinara sauce actually needed some salt...or some taste...it too was awful.
We do take-out four or five nights a week and the food is always fine..we never have any complaints no matter what we order...I am watching my husband tidy up and there is a ton of food left...he asked what I wanted him to do with it and I said throw it all out...he normally eats the leftovers but he doesn't want any of it.
I have a stomach ache from all of the salt and my mouth still feels weird from it.
Why so much salt on bread?
I have a heart condition and high blood pressure.
I think if people want salt it should be their choice to add it...this was our first and our last visit to Babbo.
My husband is more tolerant than I am about bad food...I told him he could probably save all of the chicken that I didn't eat and put it on a sub roll for lunch tomorrow...he said no thanks...and he just remarked that it was about as disappointing a meal as you can get.
Wish I could give it a bunch of minus stars.
Blech.
blech...blech!

I went to Babbo's on a lunch break.
I have seen the advertisement for the 5.99 spagehetti and meatballs.
I went with a coworker, we both ordered the special and with my foursquare check in I received free garlic hummus spread.
The meal also came with complimentary bread and olive oil.
The bread was tasty and so was the garlic spread, it was a huge portion, so i was able to take the rest to go.
The Spaghtti comes in good size bowl with two HUGE meatballs.
At first I didnt think the sauce was too tasty but once I got home and ate the rest it was delicious.
I only ate half of the pasta and one meatball, i took the rest home.
Very good deal for 5.99.
The meatballs had great flavor and were very juicy.
I would love to have a sandwhich with them, very good.
I will be returning since a good special and close to work

Thought this was going to be my go to place, but the more times I visited, the more I realized my initial visit must have been a fluke.
Every time I went again, it just got worse in service and food.
Last night the food was just gross.
I ordered the gorgonzola chicken salad (I can make a better salad at home) and I felt sick after eating it.
My son ordered the steak panino (nothing special and the meat they use looks really cheap, chopped up and shavings of pale franken-beef) The menu claimed it 's ribeye -looked like processed gyro meat).
Booths were dirty with greasy fingerprints.
Waitress was nice.

I was too tired to cook and I wanted to have spaghetti and meatballs so I decided to give Babbo a try...
I ordered take out online.
I ordered Garlic Cheese Crostini appetizer ($6.95), a child's spaghetti and meatball with milk ($6.00), an adult spaghetti and meatballs (online $10.95 but only $5.95 when I picked it up) and a side salad ($3.95).
Total bill was roughly $26.00.
It was ready by the time I got there in 15 minutes so that was good.
They gave me the discount price on the adult meal, so that was good.
I thought the crostini was rather bland.
The spaghetti sauce was not my favorite, but the meatballs were really tasty.
I grew up in an Italian family, so I know tasty balls of meat!
My salad was okay.
I ended up getting too much balsamic vinegar on it so all I tasted was vinegar, but it looked good before that happened.
I would say the biggest issue was that they did not give me the milk that was ordered with the kids meal.
All in all, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't outstanding either.
I would probably try it again in the hopes I found a dish I really liked.

Our family loves this place!
The spicy Alfredo is my very favorite!
Their take out service is super fast.
Always piping hot and delicious.

Love most of the food but the service is horrible!
We went for a very early dinner to use a friends and family coupon and it was apparently shift change because everyone was sitting around.
We asked someone for a booster chair, she said let me get your server!
The server came back and said oh we don't do boosters.
That's a small indication of service, no plates, napkins, silverware until prompted.
I do love the buffalo Caesar salad but don't bother getting the large because they  just add more lettuce.
Kids love their pasta  but it doesn't even come with a drink (or she didn't offer) so $6 is steep IMO.
We also tried the Firecrackers but be warned, you don't get Happy Hour pricing with any other offer.
The steak firecrackers were very greasy, weird to be paired with marinara.
Service is better at lunch but not by much, sticking with Nellos!

Spaghetti and meatballs has always been my favorite here and it's fantastic!
I've also tried the firecracker rolls which are super delicious as well!
Definitely a big fan of this place!

This is the second location of Babbo's I've been to, in comparison the service here is not as good.
It's not bad service it's just slower and not as good as the one by my house.
The food however is just as delicious and exactly how I expected, so that was really nice.
We started with the Italian Firecracker Rolls which I had never had and I loved them, I thought it was a great selection of meats and a fun play on a egg roll.
I had the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Pancetta pasta which is one of my favorites and it was amazing.
Brussel Sprouts are one of my new favorite things this year and they are cooked just right for this pasta, plus there is very little cheese which I'm kind of avoiding for now.
My friend had the Jambalya which he said was good.
The complimentary bread with oil and vinegar was as always delicious.
It was a good experience, I just hope the service gets a little bit better in the future.

Babbo is quite delicious for Americanized Italian food with fantastic service to boot.
We came in here back in August after spending the day doing maintenance + giving my ride a serious wash, polish and wax job.
It was after 9PM, I was sunburnt, exhausted, and cooking was the last thing on my mind.
So Dude drags me here.
Very cute décor inside, loved the bubble-glass lamps!
So it looks all snazzy inside.
If you feel like Babbo is a place you have to dress up .
Don't.
I was wearing a sundress and wedges; Dude had on shorts and a shirt, and the other diners seemed to reflect this theme.
Even though it was close to closing time, our server (looked like a college-aged gal) didn't show she was ready to hit the road.
Very talkative, friendly, and made plenty of recommendations to us.
In fact, made it a point to bring us freshly made and baked ciabatta bread with an olive oil and balsamic reduction.
Carb heaven!
The Caesar salads were your typical restaurant salad fare.
I ordered the Pasta Martini (essentially a penne a la vodka) and Dude had the Chicken Chipotle Pasta.
We both LOVE spicy food, and our server told us the chef could make these dishes extra spicy for us.
And boy, did s/he bring the heat!
Also, no problem substituting the chicken in my pasta with spicy Italian sausage.
After tip, no dessert, soda or alcoholic beverages, this was just over $25.
Was it the best pasta?
Definitely not.
But so much better than Olive Garden, Carrabbas, or the other garbage-y chains.
Great to know that Babbo exists when I want a quick, affordable casual dinner.

Excellent Food, Excellent Service and Excellent price.
This place hit the ball out of the Park.
Open kitchen concept with just a little urban contemporary feel to it.
I didn't visit the bar but it appeared to be hopping also.
Great open lay out with views of the entire place.
As for the food we had the Mushroom Appetizere, Awesome!
My wife had the cabbage and bacon dish, Delish!
I had the Chipotle Alfredo and true to form, perfect!
Add a couple of glasses of wine which were only $5.00 a piece and you have a Excellent meal for under $45.00.
Unheard of in this day and age....thank you Babbo we will be back.

Delicious food.
Friendly and attentive server.
We tried the meatball sub with zucchini chips and the chicken Limon.
My son had the kids meatballs with marinara.
All were tasty and very satisfying.
We will be back!

For the price it is ok, but it is chain food and on par with chain quality.
Service was great.
Waitress was very kind and attentive.
She dealt with our complaint about one of the dishes by promptly fetching an alternative.
Deserved a max tip.
Food is mediocre at best, obviously the product of a chain kitchen.
Had a roast vegetable plate from the back of the menu.
It was supposed to be pesto with chicken and roast vegetables.
Was awful.
The chicken was dry, and the pesto tasted like nothing more than basil in oil.
Could not taste any blend of parmesean, pine nuts or anything else.
Worst of all were the vegetables.
Pretty sure culinary schools don't include a course on charred broccoli, but there it was.
Black and bitter as can be.
Anyone can make a mistake, but there is no excuse for letting it out of the kitchen.
To their credit when we complained they replaced it with a meatball sandwich.
Mista salad is a good mix, but subject to the sin of cut lettuce instead of shredded pieces.
This is not the only place that does it and it is a minor point to some, but lettuce cut into thin strips is more like a garnish than a salad.
Wild mushrooms with garlic cream sauce was ok, though the sauce is a bit more watery than the menu would suggest and there were only 5 or 6 bits of mushroom.
Wild or not I couldn't tell.
Chain food on par with chain quality and chain price.
Definitely not a destination restaurant for us, but ok if you need to eat and it is the nearest thing that comes up on the GPS.

Main points: -Pretty good Italian food with different menu options than your corner Olive Garden -Extremely great service -Nice dining room, good for groups or date -Great tasting offered for weddings  Review: I just came back from a food tasting for upcoming family nuptials, so I tasted A LOT of dishes.
This place definitely gets thumbs up for the array of food they let you taste when deciding for a wedding: 3 types of appetizers, 4 types of salads, 6 types of pasta, and 4 types of entrees.
The manager, Dustin, was so friendly and nice, he even threw in some delightful tiramisu.
I wish the food had been a little more in line with my taste because we had a wonderful service experience here.
If I could, I'd give this place 3.5 stars.
However, after trying ALL that food, I would say it was just good.
Sometimes at restaurants I find myself only loving two dishes and hating the rest; here, I liked several things but didn't love anything.
Also, am I the only one who doesn't like olives?
A salad and a pasta I had tasted completely like olives which just tainted the whole dish for me.
Obviously personal preference there...they did have a good variety of salads, pasta, and entrees, I enjoyed all of the above that included gorgonzola...yum.
Overall, great service,dining room, and decent food, so if you're looking for a cool yet casual place to grab a drink or have a meal and you love Italian food, you may enjoy Babbo's.

