Ventoux is the newly-opened sister bar of Tourmalet in Leith.
As the Tourmalet was a refit of the old Dizzy's, Ventoux has replaced the Illicit Still.
Cycling enthusiasts will recognise that both pubs are named after (in)famous mountain climbs in the Tour de France.
So we can presume that Alpe d'Huez is the next in line.
Unsurprisingly, the bar has a cycling theme, with lots of old school cycling memorabilia on the walls (and a lovely old bike on the ceiling), and while most of this stuff tends inevitably to be French, the beer focus is German.
Which means bottled beer, about ten or so at the moment.
They also offer the standard booze options and beers on tap are the usual suspects, with only one real ale (Deuchars IPA).
It's an interesting approach, given that Cloisters (real ale specialist) is a few doors down in one direction, while Brauhaus (specialists in bottled German beers) is about the same distance in the other direction.
But I think the draw here is the relaxed, almost café-style atmosphere, and in particular the cycling theme.
Given the number of bike shops in Edinburgh, there is obviously a fair number of folk in their 30s and 40s with a bit of spare cash and an interest in this rather expensive hobby.
Flash new shops like Ronde in Stockbridge offer coffee and cake and cycling on the tv to entice punters and build a community, and these bars are another attempt to tap into this demographic.
While at a pub I normally prefer to have a pint rather than a bottle (therefore I tend to lean more towards Cloisters than Brauhaus), the relaxed vibe and cycling theme are enough to draw me there for another visit.
At least it's a place where I can shoehorn into conversations the fact that I've climbed Ventoux myself.
Phew.
I was starting to worry that I wouldn't find a way to work that into the review.

Ventoux is a bar still finding its feet and I wish it luck but it will not be easy.
You see location plays against it.
Ventoux is trying for the more "cafe" approach of comfortable seats and avoiding folk standing around the bar and to be fair it has to do something different as it has stiff competition in the form of Cloisters and Brauhaus but I'm not sure the demand will be there.
The aforementioned competition are both better bars, at least for now Ventoux is only average (though they both have weaknesses that open a gap Ventoux could fill).
I was also a little bemused by the decor, not following cycling it just seemed a little random to me, but it wasn't offensive.
The bottle of german beer I had was pleasant and the barman certainly knew enough about the ten or so german beers available in bottles but I likely won't be back in for a while.
I wish the owners luck and I can see potential here if for no other reason than it has a better physical layout than Brauhaus, only time will tell.
Ventoux is in no way bad, it is just unlucky that its neighbors are so good.

A wee bar, with a nice wee selection of drinks.
It's a funny area of town, at the split junction beyond Tollcross.
The only other nearby bar is Cloisters: another traditional boozer than has less music and more board games.
Ventoux seems to be going for the same style, but on a smaller scale.
No music, just some old-fashioned tables, chairs, a hope for locals, and drink.
It'd be the perfect bar to have as your local with other fun locals, once you start to get that group on the go.
As David S has said, it's still finding its feet.
It's nice, and the staff are friendly but it seems to lack a certain je ne sais quoi.
Something to lend it that "oh we must go back!
" For Cloisters, its the knowledge you'll get no silly Freshers nonsense, and it's big enough to host a big group, and they have board games and plenty of rotating ales.
For the Brass Monkey it's the awesome random live tuneage.
For some Cowgate bars, its the fun crowds of randoms and rock-ier scene.
I think Ventoux just needs to find its niche.
When in the area and wanting a drink, I'd certainly pop in here, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find it.
Could do with a few more whiskies too - currently the spirit selection is a little limited.

I've been into the Ventoux a few times now and I'm pretty happy with it.
I'm still not 100% sure what the bar is meant to be.
Half of me wants it to turn into an apres-velo style bar where the road clubs will turn up to on a sunday, where I can head after a solid mash on the bike or at the gym and have some hearty food a pint and perhaps a espresso.
However it's not that .... yet.
....
The beers are solid with a good selection of different beers from around germany and europe.
They also have the classic Edinburgh selection of lagers and bitters with a few surprises.
They have a decent selection of spirits.
They also have crisps.
One of the good things they've done since they took over from the illicit still is to get rid of the enormous TV which was the worst thing that had happened to bars in the last century.
The space in general REALLY works as a bar.
I appreciate the tables, the standing space, the way it works as a bar.
However it still feels like it's just not quite there yet.
I think that in a few years it'll figure itself out and THAT it will be a better bar.

First time I went to the Ventoux after its opening my impression was 'meh'.
I have to say I've warmed to the place a bit.
Maybe it's because I have discovered that have a fine selection of bottled German beers, maybe also because I seem to be bumping into people I know when I go there.
Overall, it seems the place has a better buzz that it used to have.
I would like to put 3.5 starts but I can't so will stick to 3.
Defo will go again though.

Meh.
Named after a mountain in france where the tour de france cyclists cycle up!
Was okay, normal standard pub, not really welcoming and not as nice as The Tourmalet ( its sister pub) But ok for a stop off drink.

