My favorite New Mexican Restaurant has always been Los Dos Molinos in Mesa, which I still like a lot.
However, since I live in Chandler and this restaurant is only 2 miles from my house, it has become our new favorite.
We love the fresh "help yourself" salsa bar which has some of the best and most flavorful sauces I have ever tasted.
The food portions are very large, so we have started ordering off of the a la cart menu.
Everything seems to be made from scratch, and if you love tacos - be sure and try their machaca beef taco or their shredded chicken taco.
This location is very, very clean and you can tell management really cares about you as a customer.

If you are a fan of Mexican cuisine and love green chile, this is the place for you.
2 locations, family owned and operated, made fresh daily.
Huevos rancheros & machaca beef are favorites, always covered in green chile.

You MUST go here!!!
We just moved to Chandler a few weeks ago and tried this place.
The BEST mexican food I have had in a long time.
The staff there is also very nice and helpful in explaining the selections.
We got our order to go and the woman who took our order (I think she was the night supervisor there) recommended how to put the order together and answered all of my questions patiently and was very informative (she knew their menu extremely well).
The food was AWESOME and correctly packaged and labeled.
Our kid's even loved the tacos (ground beef and potatoes with cheese only--not something I thought they would like, but they did!
) and the cheese quesadilla we got for them (and they are very picky).
I got the cheese enchilada with red sauce and shredded beef tacos, both were very good.
My husband even loved his steak (carne asada) burrito (tip:  he got it deep fried and loved it).
It doesn't have an overhead sign on the building yet, but it is near to where Rosati's pizza is...look for the sign in the window (if I remember correctly).

Food was awesome!
Green chili burrito was deliciuos, chili relleno was to die for!
We'll be back often!

This place is awesome!
Lots of flavor, nice staff.
The hatch green chili sauce is wonderful.
It tastes just like the sauce at the Pepper Pot in Hatch, New Mex.
The Fry Bread is delicious!
Not too greasy and very soft.
The green chili stew is quite spicy, but full of great flavor!
This place is a MUST try!

It's pretty clean little place good tacos enchiladas and tostadas but not big on the chilie beef really lacked any flavor.
Like another yelper said, they need a big menu board.
If I was near by I may or may not stop by, I'd prefer Some Burros for this type of venue .

This place is right down the street so I grabbed a menu today.
I couldn't decide what to get because (I guess) I'm particular about a few things!?
First, the meat...how is it prepared?
Shredded, cubed?
Then I want to know if there are a lot of onions involved here.
Los favs uses a crap load of onions and I was sad about that.
Finally, the sauce.
Bland, hot, flavorful.
I finally decided on the green chile pork mixed w beans chimichanga  w red chile sauce.
So good!
The pork was small cubes, not too much beans.
The sauce was perfect; flavorful and not overpowering.
Came w small sides of beans and rice.
The rice reminded me of the perfect rice Mi Amigos served b4 it became a chain and the mess it is today.
When it was on McClintock and Guadalupe.
The take out order comes w a generous portion of chips and the salsa of your choice.
We got hot and it was.
We also got the grilled chicken burrito w green chile sauce.
The green chile sauce was hot and not as flavorful as the red, but still very good.
Finally, the grilled chicken soft tacos in corn tortillas.
The chicken was diced small.
Perfect.
I have to mention the staff.
The woman that rang me up was super nice and mentioned that my order was checked twice.
That made me feel good so I didn't have to do it myself.
I hope you give this place a try and I can't wait to get breakfast burritos on Sundays!
Update: 1/4/13.
They no longer give generous portions of chips or hot sauce which is a bummer.
They don't even give you enough hot sauce for the number of items you order.
They've also left things out of our to-go order several times since our first visit.
Their food is still really good so we'll keep going back for now.

This place needs better signage.
The only reason I found out about it is because my neighbor told me about it and I'm in this little strip mall at least twice a week.
To think that I could have been eating here, but haven't because I didn't know about it, for the past year makes me a little sad.
The food so far has been very good.
No skimping on flavor going on.
The green chili pork stew is wonderful.
The carne asada tacos pop with flavor.
The salsa bar is a great touch.
I can't wait to try the pozole this weekend.

Worth every star.
Chicken crunchy tacos-awesome, cheese enchiladas with red or green sauce-great, green chili pork soup-excellent.
Everything we have ordered has been wonderful.
Highly recommend.

I liked this place.
The menu kind of bugged me - in that they don't have anything above the cashier, merely copies of the menu taped to the counter next to the register.
But that has nothing to do with the food.
The chips and salsa were good, as was the fry bread / chimi that we tried.
It's not really close to us, so I won't be going out of my way to eat there - but still a worthy choice.

My most recent experience with new Mexican Grill is a blend of good food and good customer service due to the manager Sydney addressing my concerns.
The food at new Mexican Grill is generally very good.
We decided to go there on Friday night.
My husband ordered a carne Asada burrito, but they forgot to put the carne inside the burrito.
I called the next morning and spoke to the manager about my concern.
She was very nice and promptly addressed the mistake.
I would recommend going here as their food is good, they offer free chip with your meal, and clearly are also committed to good customer service which I much appreciate.
If you do go, try the green chili Ground beef enchiladas.
They are very good, some of the best I had and they carry a spicy kick

My wife had the chicken salad and was pleased, although she never eats the shell.
It's common that she's not filled without eating the shell but that wasn't the case here and she gave it a thumbs-up.
I had the enchiladas but was disappointed they couldn't be made with flour tortillas.
I chose both with pork and the pork was very good.
I still wish flour tortillas were an option with enchiladas as an option, and how adding tortas to the menu?
Great potential, listen to your customers, and update the menu, then we'll be back even more often!

I love this place!
Everything I've eaten here is delish.
Chip & salsa bar-bonus!
It's true they do need better signage tho

Dined here for the first time on 5-26 with my wife & daughter.
My mother-in-law said we should try it and we are glad we did.
I ordered a Bean Tostada and a Ground Beef Taco.
The taco first.
It was Crispy, Crunchy and lots of flavor, loaded up right.
Only negative was it fell apart as soon as you took your first bite.
No worries though, nothing a fork couldn't handle.. Now on to the Bean Tostada.
One of the best I have had in years.
It was a thinish shell, yet supportive enough for the all the goodies on top.
The beans are way flavorful as well.
We also ordered a Fry Bread sans the Honey.. WHOA Nelly.
NOT your ordinary Fry bread.
Most fry bread is a greasy lump.
However here that is not the case.
Light, Fluffy and just the right amount of Powered Sugar on top.
I will be back as well.
A hidden gem, without signage (which is 100% ok with me), so the "hipsters, wannabees, and doofus'" stay away and don't ruin this place, like they do with most places in Gilbert/Chandler.

Just had the best Chili Relleno (sp?
) I've ever had!
The tortilla they give you on the side is huge and yummy with this.
We just have not had anything here that we didn't like!!
I still recommend this place with the highest rating....SOOO Good!

Decided to give this place a try based on Yelp.
Nice little dine in restaurant with limited seating, friendly staff and a wide selection of menu items.
I decided to try their #4, green chili pork burrito plate.
It didn't disappoint.
Chips and salsa available for you to serve yourself.
Give this place a try and let me know what you think.

First off, I will let everyone know that this location is WAY BETTER than the Lindsay location.
The atmosphere inside is 100% Southwestern.
Lots of cool colors and they have booth seating UNLIKE the store atmosphere of the Lindsay Avenue location.
Now, for the food.
We had ordered the weekend special Pozole.
$6.99.
With awesome fry bread.
When we ordered it, the manager came over to us (guy manager) and told us that they were out of Pozole because it had been a busy day and offered to make us fresh Pozole and also said if we would want a snack like Nachos and he would take care of it.
That was very nice!
He said we could have any meat we wanted.
We chose Machaca ( dried shredded beef).
It was a huge order.
It had cheese, Machaca, guacamole, beans, sour cream and poco de gallo.
It was DELICIOUS!
We of course wanted to save room for the Pozole so we boxed it up and ate the Pozole.
It was Fresh and hot!
Came with onion and cilantro mix.
Was very good and we WILL return due to the food and great customer service.
Thank you guy manager!
It was appreciated.
It was worth the wait for the Fresh Pozole

This review is for a call in breakfast burrito take out.
Had to wait a few minutes on hold for someone to take my order.
Order was kind of long and I had a couple special requests.
Person on phone not only understood me but I could also understand them.
(thank you) Was very accomadating and the order was correct when picked up.
Order was ready when my wife arrived and the burritos were pretty darn good.
First time here for all in our party and everyone was happy with the food.
Ready to go back and try some more of this place.

This is one of our FAVORITE places.
We drive over 15 minutes, the food never dis-appoints.
We were in the habit of going a couple of times a week!
We did however have a bad experience a few weeks back.
We arrived 30 minutes prior to closing.
Ordered and sat down to begin enjoying the yummy chips and salsa.
Our food was delivered and a few minutes later they came out into the dining room with the mop bucket.
I was completely disgusted as the smell of pine sol is not what I usually enjoy smelling while trying to enjoy my dinner.
They also had the drink machine torn apart for cleaning so we were unable to refill our sodas.
I understand that employees are anxious to end their shift and go home, but seriously?
These things should not happen before the posted closing time.
They even turned a few customers away saying they were closing.
My understanding is that you take orders up until closing time in a restaurant.
We weren't familiar with the people on staff that evening, but I know for certain that this would not have happened if Sherry had been working that evening, but with the new girl on shift we definitely did not feel welcome at all.
With all this being said, our food was amazing as always just totally turned off by the poor lack of customer service that night.

We love the food from here!
But why I gave them only 3 stars is because they don't give the tips to the employees.
But instead give them to charity.
If this was the employees choice it would be one thing, but it's the owners.
When I tip it's because I appreciate the service and think my server deserves it.
I just think that's a bad owner for you and does not encourage servers to do their best.

Impressions from my first visit: Great food and prices.
Very friendly staff.
Casual, clean, inviting atmosphere.
Family friendly.
We will be back!

I wanted to love this place, because it is really close to my house, and it would have been great to have a good New Mexican place close by.
The food here isn't bad, and if you prefer Sonoran Mexican it probably fits the bill just fine.
For my taste, everything was way too bland, nowhere near spicy enough.
Granted, I've been spoiled by Los Dos Molinos, but regardless I expect to see some fire brought if I'm eating New Mex.
This place couldn't quite deliver.

So my brother is a fireman near this place & has been telling me him & his crew eat here all the time because its so good, fresh, cheap & big portions.
So I finally tried it.
It's Across from fitness works hidden in corner (no sign).
I ordered 2 fish tacos with beans & rice $6 and chicken burrito with green sauce $6.
Free chips & salsa bar with amazingly fresh salsa.
Chips were a little thick & hard & dry but salsa makes up for it.
Fish tacos were amazballs.
Fresh pico de gallo & avocado on top & even a lemon to squeeze.
Skip getting beans & rice-nothing spectacular.
The green sauce chicken burrito was ginormous & the chicken was cut small & peppery- just the way I like it.
I had one happy husband when I got home with it.
They also gave us chips & salsa to go.
You could easily feed a family of 4 for under $15 here.
My only complaint is the salads only have iceberg lettuce.
I also felt bad for the waitress running around.
I think they were understaffed & she looked stressed.
She was trying to manage 6 tables plus to-go orders.
So food took a little bit but it was nice to sit & eat free chips & dip & catch up with my 6-year-old daughter.
We will definitely be back!

The food is delicious!
N the best part is they have veggie options!
A must go for Mexican foodies!

Tried this for the first time today.
Outstanding!
Friendly staff and the food is delish.
Green chili on fry bread is excellent.
Kids had nachos and beef tacos and both loved them.
The jalapeno salsa is excellent as well.

I love New Mexican-style food way more than the Sonoran-Style that permeates the Phoenix area.
I was raised in New Mexico, and this restaurant is as close as it gets to what I grew up eating.
All of the food I had was perfectly done, and it was a pleasure to dine is such a nice, clean space.
I had the cheese enchiladas, "Christmas Style.
" That is a Northern New Mexico term referring to both Red and Green Chile on the same dish..
Both were excellent, and made me a little homesick.
I also had a chicken taco...wow, the chicken was moist and very flavorful, the shell very crispy but not at all greasy.
I was so impressed with their Red Chile, that I purchased a jar to take home.
The New Mexican Grill is embarking on a project to bottle both their Green and Red Chile sauce.
At the moment, they only provide the Red version.
I was really set to enjoy the bottled Red sauce, based on what I enjoyed at the restaurant.
But, I should have checked the ingredients first...the flavor is really good, but to my horror, I discovered that one of the ingredients is Monosodium Glutamate.
Seriously?
People still use that substance?
Here's hoping MSG is not used in the sauce prepared in the restaurant, as I will gladly make the nearly 30 mile drive to enjoy this terrific New Mexican cuisine

Words do no justice to how amazing the Machaca Beef Burrito is.
Smother that bad boy in their Green Hatch Chili sauce and I am one very happy customer.
If I get a water, I can get out of here for around $6, too, so it's not a heavy hit on the wallet.
Their Chicken Quesadilla is amazing as well - loaded with cheese, seasoned chicken, onions, cilantro, and some other good stuff that I'm forgetting, and topped with sour cream and guacamole.
I've been here a dozen or so times with coworkers and the service is always very friendly.
Oh, and you get to fill up on chips and homemade salsa while you wait for your food to come out.
Om nom nom.

Ate hear again  Recommend anything green chilie pork here  Burrito is best value Fish tacos are insane too  Free Jalape침o salsa- got extra for my eggs all week

I've always been a fan of New Mexico style Mexican food and especially the infamous green hatch chiles.
I never noticed this place before but found it on Yelp and its just down the street!
The place looked extremely clean and the man that took my order helped me decide on what to get and was very helpful.
I went with the # 4 (green chile pork burrito smothered with hatch green chile sauce) and and the fry bread with carne asada.
The green chile was very tasty, I did expect more heat; but was still good nonetheless.
The fry bread was very soft but the carne asada to me lacked a little taste.
Maybe it was an old batch?
Being an avid carne asada maker and eater, I know that the seasoning does it all; this was was subpar.
I'm anxious to try other things on the menu, and I also left without getting my bottled Coke that I had paid for.

Went here for the first time yesterday.
I was very pleased with the chile relleno.
The deep fried exterior did not overwhelm the delicious cheese filled hatch chile.
The red sauce on top was a winner.
Everything tastes fresh and the salsa bar is an added bonus.
I will be taking my family here very soon.

This is a diamond in a coal mine on that intersection.
Great food to eat in or take out.
All freshly prepared, and very tasty, love their red chili beef sauce, and their grilled tacos.
The kids love the fry bread.
They are a great new business in our community, they donate their tips to local non-profit organizations.
Also, did I mention their service is great!

Absolutely love this place!
Their chicken burrito is delicious & my husband loves the green chile pork.
I'm a huge fan of most items on their menu, the only reason I held back a star is because their chicken salad is kinda pathetic.
It's shredded iceberg lettuce with minimal toppings.
I'm not a fan- I wish they would upgrade their salad selection so there would be a few more "light" options on their menu.

Fish tacos were awesome especially with two fried eggs over medium...customers from outside of town visiting on business also enjoyed the food there!

I used to live in Albuquerque and I SO miss the food from New Mexico.
This place is as close as you are going to get.
The green chili burrito is outstanding.
We actually ordered a large order for my birthday party and everyone loved it.
I think we probably created quite a few fans that night.

I am thankful for the other reviews that pointed me to this place.
I love the breakfast burritos, just pay the small charge for the cheese, its worth it.
I have also tried the tacos, ok, and the chimichanga, very good!
The owner comes out to the tables most times we are there, seems like a very nice person.

These guys sell some good a** frybread!
Fish tacos are delish too.
Haven't tried much else since we usually only go when we want frybread.

We eat here pretty much weekly.
My husband was born and raised in Albuquerque; I lived there for 7 years so we are super picky regarding green/red chile.
The green chile is HOT (recently especially) but it's so tasty.
I love the red equally so I do 'Christmas' (that's green and red!
) on my food.
Try the chicken burrito, the ground beef burrito, carne asada tacos, chorizo breakfast plate (order any time), chile rellenos, and if you can spare some calories, the fry bread.
Free chips and salsa.
Note to iced tea drinkers: it's the gold peak stuff but they do offer unsweetened.
Fresh brewed tea would make a good upgrade one day.
I hope you enjoy it!

This review is solely about their 'Navajo' taco.. aka "Indian Fry Bread".
I've only had this dish (carne asada) here and probably will stick to ordering this as it is plentiful, tasty, and repeatedly enjoyable.
My sis ordered their pork 'fry bread' and I was disappointed because I asked the chef guy if it was shredded and he said yes (me thinks he don't know what he be takin' bout) ... it was cubed and not as flavorful as my carne asada.. mine was delish!
The young girl at the front was nice and their place seems really clean and since it's finally a locally owned restaurant that *doesn't* suck in S Chandler (everything around here is a chain), I am officially a FAN :)

I love New Mexican Grill.
They have the best carne asada around (in my opinion).
I have ordered many things and all have been delicious:  The carne asada is delicious.
I regularly order the carne asada burrito, which comes with beans, guacamole and pico de gallo inside, but the good news is, those extra ingredients aren't so overwhelming that you are left wondering where's the beef?!
We have also ordered the carne asada street tacos (YUM!
) and carne asada quesadilla, also delicious.
The chicken is very flavorful too.
Have ordered the chicken quesadilla kids meal, it was HUGE and my son (who eats more than any adult I know, didn't even finish it-although that may be due to the fact he enjoyed the chips and salsa bar a little too much).
The green chile pork is so good as well.
It's moist and tender and the green chile definitely has a kick to it, helps get those seasonal allergies moving!
They also make a wonderful chimichanga, which can sometimes be hard to find, even here in Phx.
I know this for a fact because my father who lives in Florida, comes out to visit once a year and we *have* to go to 4-5 Mexican restaurants each visit in search of the perfect chimi.
Now I wouldn't trust his Floridian taste buds, but I make it a point to sample each myself for quality assurance purposes.
We have gone to fancy places, sit down places, casual places, hole in the wall places and this one, so far, has the most flavor machaca and perfectly deep fried tortilla.
Finally, they have a great little chips and salsa bar where you help yourself.
They make 3 types of salsa, regular, hot and a green jalapeno.
I mix all three into a perfect little salsa trifecta.
Their guacamole is excellent too.
As for the rice and beans, I have had both and they were tasty too.
In conclusion, the prices are good, the food is excellent, the portions are big and I always love supporting local business!

We were so amazed to actually find some New Mexican food in our area, but what was even more amazing is how authentic the food tastes.
Tastes like food you would have at your abuelas house.
Fresh ingredients, awesome salsa, the green/red hatch chili sauce is crazy good.
Service was fast, place is clean with a nice environment.
My family and I will def be frequent customers.
5 stars and I would for sure recommend a visit

I'm working my way through the menu and I must say I'm thrilled to finally have found a place that cooks New Mexican style just like my mom does..there is a HUGE difference between New Mexican vs. Mexican food.
New Mexican style is unique and so flavorful.
I'm so happy to get the comfort food from my childhood right here in chandler..5 stars once I complete the menu :) Thank you New Mexican grill for making this gal feel like she's home away from home, finally!

If you like green chili pork this Is a great place to go.
Just know the hatch green chili sauce has some heat.
Some days spicier than others.

Ambience is good, free chips & salsa for dine in customers.
We ordered chimichanga, nachos & burritos.
All items was served in 10min.
Food tastes good, but they don't have fajitas/ grill veggies which are my favorites.
I like to visit this place as it's close to my place.
Otherwise if I want to eat excellent Mexican food.
I prefer Carlos O Briens

Was disappointed by this place!
Reviews are all great but my experience was 3/5.
Service was fine but the food wasn't as good as every claims.
Rice was dry and hard and the pork in my chimichanga was tough!!!
The potatoes have absolutely no flavor other than that of canola oil and it's gross!

Went here with my fiance this past weekend, was a little difficult to find at first, but definitely worth doing so.
Had the fry bread with Machaca (and red hatch chili sauce) and the combination of flavors was absolutely amazing.
The frybread was perfectly crisp on the outside, and very pillowy inside, and actually remained so as it cooled down.
All of the ingredients were very fresh, and everything was very wonderfully flavored.
The machaca was just perfectly spicy and their red chili sauce added a perfect bit of kick to the whole dish.
I'm definitely excited to go back and try some of their other offerings, especially the green chili and pork.
All food was very reasonably priced, and nothing seemed small enough to make you feel lacking (and if that were a problem, unlike most other places of a similar scale, they do have chips and salsa while you wait) Plus, any place that serves breakfast all day is already streets ahead to me.

Perfection!
Green chile sauce in pork stew bowl w/frybread, corn and cheese tamale, and ground beef/green chile chimi.
This is now our favorite casual serve restaurant!

Fantastic food...my only complaint is the owner needs to suck it up and buy a sign for the location.
I've lived 2 miles away for 3 years and just recently found the place!

Este lugar se ha posicionado en puesto numero 1 de comida mexicana de la zona!!
Nos encanta!!
Hemos venido ya dos veces en una semana y repetiremos muchas m치s seguro.
Genial para familias, un sitio muy econ칩mico pero con comida de muy buena calidad.
El trato de los empleados es sublime.
En definitiva, lo recomendamos 100%.

Great food, but every time we order to go, we come home to find that our order is always wrong.
Very frustrating.

The good, the mild salsa mixed with the jalape침o salsa was tasty.
I also enjoyed the green corn tamale.
The bad, everything else.
I ordered the number 1 combo.
1chicken taco, 1cheese enchilada, & 1 bean tostada.
The chicken in the taco was fried to crispy bits of jerky and actually cracked when I attempted to chew it.
The cheese enchilada had way too much cheese.
I never thought I would say that.
I requested red sauce but was served green.
The rice had no flavor or seasoning other than black pepper.
Since the beans had no flavor, I didn't even try the tostada.
I may stop back for a tamale if I happen to be in the area, but even that isn't likely.
The young man I expressed my displeasure with as I threw out all of the food stated had he known he would have tried to correct it.
While I appreciate the gesture, if any one had come by our table at least once, we may have provided the opportunity.

Seriously the best breakfast burritos !
My husband and I get them twice a month on Sunday mornings!
The staff is always so nice and their food is great.. Prices are good too!
A+ from me :)

im on this chile relleno kick.
they are so dang good, people.
first of all, this place is a little difficult to find.
they are next to Natalia's.
I drove right past them the first time and almost gave up until I called to figure out their location.
there's no signage with their business name listed at the shopping center's entrance and there's also no signage above their front door.
just look for natalia's.
the meals are huge!
it's like $8.
it comes with amazing rice, beans, and your spectacular cheese stuffed green chile smothered in red or green sauce.
you get a fantastic tortilla on the side (which i save to make a burro out of the leftovers the next day).
you get warm chips and salsa with your meal as well.
it's an order at the entrance, sit down and get your own salsa type of environment.
very casual.
very delicious.
very affordable.

Pleasant welcome by Sherri and Damian.
Tried carne adovada, machaca and green chile.
Straight cash New Mexico!
Too far for Sadie's in Albuquerque so now you have your new local NM Mexican joint.
Give it a try.....you won't be disappointed!

