If you are an Antique or Collectable buyer, seller, or browser, be sure to not miss Medusa's.
The inventory always includes such an odd collection.
The best thing is, it changes daily.
Centered in the new and rapidly expanding "Downtown Art District".
Here you will also find a wide collection of high end art gallery's, Retro shops, and other Antique stores.
One block away from a great old established Mexican Restaurant.
For an added treat, visit this area on "First Friday".
"First Friday", the first Friday of each month, is the equivalent of a large street fair.
Several of the downtown streets are blocked off, then filled and food vendors, artists, street musicians, and more.
Most of the stores and shops stay open late on "First Friday"  "First Friday starts at 6pm and goes late.
We have had the greatest time walking around visiting the shops and definitely "people watching".
But be sure to stop in Medusa's even if just to browse.
You will find the odd of Las Vegas, and I'm sure something that reminds you of your childhood :-)

This is a brand new shop...
It has a wide variety of antiques and collectibles..   Its a great shop to find that very special thing you always wanted..  Down the block on both side of main st, there are lots of other antique shops to look at too..
Wonderful locations, great service....

We recently stopped into this cool antique shop while in Vegas.
As we entered the first thing we noticed was the loud music playing throughout the shop.
I felt like i was in a night club yet I was shopping for antiques.
We actually liked it and have no complaints.
The owners were friendly and yet hands off which we like.
The shop was filled with an interesting eclectic variety of art and antiques.
Some vintage retro pieces, old paintings, gambling memorabilia, pop art, art glass, furniture and smalls etc.
The back room was rather large and there appeared to be room for even more merchandise.
In the front store window was a unqiue former dumpster that had been converted into an upholstered industrial modern two person loveseat.
That's a first.
Behind it was the rear end of a 57 chevy coverted into a sofa.
Cool stuff.
Tucked way in the back of the shop we found a secluded Tiki room filled with everything Tiki.
It was decked out in everything tiki and rather extensive.
We liked the vibe of this shop.

This is an Awesome Antique Store!
They always have unique inventory!
It is a must see if you are into antiques, vintage, retro, or just Cool stuff!
The owners are really Nice and very friendly!
The prices are extremely reasonable!
This shop is amazing make sure you don't miss this one!

A lot of hype and hope.
Just not much by way of delivery.
More like a lick and a promise.
Don't get me wrong, there's plenty of eye-candy of the Large commercial sign size.
And there is some creative use of industrial equipment for furniture.
It's just that there's a feeble P. T. Barnum feel that is more bluff than bluster.
In particular, they have a Tiki room.
But this feels like the Vintage Tiki room that has been playing at one antique mall or another here in Vegas for ten years now.
It just doesn't have the level of items one usually sees for a Tiki Room ( in either quantity of quality.
While I do give points for them having an "eye" for odd things to coin a phrase that gets bandied about a lot while there, they just don't have much really cool stuff for good prices.
Not anything worth taking home anyway.
They do have some Massai spears ( price unknown ) and a nice Dan mask ( For a grand, though they have it written down as a Don mask for some reason).
And they will have a single Frankart-style book end ( for $100, but with chipped nose ) and good luck finding a match.
And while I admit to liking the eight foot square Tick painting, it wasn't worth the over $800 price tag.
Hmm, not really much by way of smalls, either.
I guess size matters.
Funny thing that I found them under Taxidermy in Craig's list.
They post an ad here everyday under that title.
Yet they had one, count'em one, piece of Taxidermy at the shop.
An African antelope of one kind or another they want a grand for.
Yes, one thousand smackers.
Here in a vintage/antique/thrift store located in Vegas.
Good luck with that.

