Really cute new restaurant hiding in this shopping center.
Fantastic service and great prices.
They have empanadas and tamales packaged to go or you can dine in.
We split 3 empanadas (pumpkin was our favorite) and a veggie burrito, coming to about $10.
Cecy, the owner, was very kind and welcoming, patiently going over the menu and making suggestions.
They also cater.
The food was great.
We will most definitely return for more empanadas!
Be sure to sign up for their frequent visitor program, belly!
This store is impressively high-tech with all kinds of ipads and gadgets, so you can sign up right at the register.
The rewards are great-who in their right mind would not want a free tamale?!?
Please visit Cornflower, they are delightful and their food is great!

We found the Corn Flower when we needed catering on short notice.
The owner took all the time we needed to taste and select our choices.
We've gone back for the amazing burritos and empanadas.
The homemade salsa choices are amazing, and don't leave without trying the chili soup!
Awesome food and even better service.
Skip the fast food Mexican because this is cheaper and much better!

First of all, I admit to eating 6 empanadas all by myself!
(They offer a discount if you buy 6)  I had 3 savory ones (spinach, mushroom, and rojas) and 3 sweet ones (chocolate, peach, and apple).
I don't consider myself an empanada connoisseur, but the crusts were flaky and the fillings offered a nice variety of flavors.
The spinach and rojas were by far my favorites.
I was somewhat disappointed by the sweet empanadas.
The apple was underwhelming and the peach was supposed to have a vanilla sauce in the filling which I could not detect at all.
I'm an ardent lover of rich, chocolate flavor, but the empanada was almost slightly salty without that deep chocolate flavor I was hoping for.
I think I'm just not a huge empanada fan, so I'll have to go back to try the enchiladas!

Cute, cozy, pleasant and very friendly service.
That is really all I have to say about them.
The food was oh so delicious!
Little bite sized tacos.
Service was fast and just perfect!
They even use the square card reader on their iPad to charge cards.
Which truly shows its a small and quaint restaurant.

Yum Yum Yum!
Found this little place through Yelp (thank you!
) and to the advice to get a to-go order.
Had both the Red Chili & Pork Tamale and Sweet Corn Tamales, very good!
Also got a couple of Empanadas and they were my favorite for sure!
They are a small snack size, with a lite crispy shell.
Tried the savory chicken, which was not too spicy and almost melted in your mouth, and also the sweet pumpkin one which tasted like a homemade pumpkin pie!
A perfect treat!
The prices were very reasonable, and the service was very nice!
Will so be going back there again!

Delicious...a hidden little gem off Greenway/Tatum.
The owners are so very friendly and appreciative of the business.
I told them I found them through their excellent Yelp reviews!
We tried different empanadas and wanted more since they were so good.
We will definitely be back!

Worst Mexican food I've had in awhile.
Who puts nacho cheese in a carnitas burrito?
No good Mexican restaurant will use nacho cheese on anything!
The empanadas were cold, they tasted like they were frozen.

Tucked in the corner of Greenway and Tatum, sits The Corn Flower.
I went in for lunch, very simple setup with a friendly staff.
I ordered the chili renello and an empanada.
It was a pretty small amount for the cost you pay for a chili renello.
Just one with a red sauce on top and a side of rice.
Nothing much to the rice.
The chili renello was good but not really filling.
The empanada that I tried was the chicken mole, tasty for sure.
I think the empanadas was the highlight of the lunch.
May go back and try some other items.
It's worth checking out due to the variety of empanadas they have that you can take home and bake or eat there.

What a cool little spot with great food.
I loved the Green Chile enchilada and the chocolate empanada!

Great tortilla soup and chili (some of the best and most flavorful I've had.
)  I don't think they are used to dining in as the meal service for 4 was a little segmented.
Great concept, and a Belly user which is great.

Come here for the EMPANADAS!!!!
The food is good- but the empanadas are AMAZING!
When I came here- I was planning on taking a photo of the food to post- but it didn't last long enough for me to do that.
I highly recommend the pumpkin and/or pineapple empanadas.
I also bought about 3 dozen to take with me to California to visit family.
I just packed them in a cooler for transport.
Once we got there- we just popped them in the oven for a few minutes and they were awesome!

The wife and I were having lunch together for the first time in ages.
She suggested a place near my office, and I found The Corn Flower using my Yelp mobile app.
It was showing 4.5 stars and a menu that sounded delicious.
We were on our way.
Before I get too far into this review, let me just say that we met both the cashier and the Executive Chef and they were both wonderfully warm and genuinely nice people.
I could tell that the Chef cared very much for her product and was very excited to hear that I would be reviewing her restaurant - in fact, she made sure to ask me to.
So here goes.
This is a very small dining room located at the end of a strip mall on the corner of Tatum and Greenway.
We had some difficulty finding it.
You walk in and it's like walking in to a retail store, not a restaurant.
There were enough tables and seats for about eight people, all decorated very nicely with paper flowers, and pictures.
One wall contained a huge glass-fronted refrigerator that was filled with various sized packages of their signature item, empanadas.
The menu is written on a chalk board above the cashiers counter.
While it is very clean and well-appointed, it did not give off a restaurant vibe, but rather a store.
The Corn Flower bills itself as "Fine Casual Mexican Cuisine" and seems to be more of a catering establishment trying to be a storefront trying to be a restaurant.
Unfortunately, for me it does not succeed at being a sit-down restaurant.
We ordered from the chalkboard menu, I had three Carnitas street tacos and a ground-beef empanada and the wife had corn-chowder soup with chips.
We both opted out of the canned soda's from the display case and instead asked for Iced Tea.
The cashier/waitress described it as an Arnold Palmer, which was fine with both of us, however, it tasted like instant.
The cashier/waitress grabbed a packaged empanada from the display case and took it back to the kitchen.
After a few minutes my street tacos arrived, arranged nicely on a long narrow tray, garnished with chopped green onion and a salsa.
It was okay.
Next, my empanada arrived, a single empanada on large, round plate, no garnish, no dipping sauce or anything.
It was warm and tasty, but the filling was dry.
Finally, my wife's corn chowder arrived.
It was a large bowl filled with about six ounces of creamy, undistinguished soup.
No garnish.
She asked for chips that should have arrived with it.
The cashier/waitress brought the chips on another large plate.
Wife asked for a spoon.
Meanwhile, we stole napkins from another table.
The soup did taste like corn.
Kind of like creamed corn.
Not bad, but not delicious either, actually kinda bland.
And not much of it for $8.
Some add-ins would be nice, like chunks of avocado and diced chiles - especially for the price.
Overall, the food was not bad, but there was nothing that really wowed me, or made me want to come back for more.
Presentation was lacking and service needs to be honed.
I'm not one to tell a chef how to run her business, but it's prolly not a good idea to grab a diner's meal from a display case in front of them.
Maybe you should have some product in the kitchen.
It wouldn't hurt to serve the Empanada's with some sort of sauce as well - perhaps a fresh guacamole or salsa, and smaller portions dictate smaller serving containers.
Chips can and should be served in a basket, not a plate, and again, should have some sort of dipping sauce to go with.
Same thing for the Taco's.
I could tell that the Chef and the server really cared about their product and I hope that they figure out way to amp up the restaurant side of things, as there is huge potential here.

I picked up a half dozen empanadas on my way home from work, and I have to say that this was a great way to wind down the day.
When I got home, I opened up a bottle of wine, turned my oven to 350, and after like 4-5 mins the crusty hot meat pockets were good to go.
To be truthful, this was really my first experience with empenadas.
Being from Hawaii, I'm more used to manapua (pork bao bun), but to my surprise, they actually had a Kalua Pig empenada!
I also got the bbq shredded beef and the beef with red wine sauce and olives.
All of them were amazing, and I definitely will be back soon.
My bill for a half dozen was about $10.50, and they were the perfect appetizers for my wife and I.
Next time I come I'm going to try an order of their tacos.
From the pics they look really good.
End of the day, these guys care about their food, and in turn it makes me feel like they care about my experience when I go there.
With that I say Salud to The Corn Flower and welcome to the neighborhood!

Visiting from out of town and looking for a quick Mexican restaurant.
Went to yelp and found The Corn Flower just 10 min away.
Ordered the taquitos,  chips salsa and guacamole.
While the service was a little scattered the food more then made up for it.
The taquitos were delicious and the guacamole was so fresh and delicious.
And the chips were homemade and fresh.
Overall a definite 4 star and I would come back again next time I was in the area.

I read empanadas and knew I had to try this place out.
Corn Flower is a quaint little spot with inside and outside seating.
Very clean, well lit and inviting.
A cold case holds numerous tasty morsels that come in the forms of burritos and empanadas.
We were greeted by the chef this evening with a gigantic smile, 3 frosted shot glasses and a pitcher full of beautifully creamy and smooth Horchata.
Ohhhhh, it was good!
We ordered a myriad of food so that we could share and experience all the Corn Flower has to offer.
The tamales were fresh and flavorful but the spotlight of the table was definitely the green chile enchilada.
It's not the typical shaped log of boring shredded dry meat with mounds of melted plastic cheese and lackluster sauce.
This was terrific!
It was slightly spicy, moist, fork tender...we will definitely be back for more of that dish!
The chips and salsa were pretty typical, a bit more crunchy and 'corny' than most.
The sweet empanadas were a highlight as well, a great ending to our meal.
We ordered the pineapple with French vanilla sauce, Nutella and lemon.
The pineapple one was my favorite, with the lemon a very close second.
No disrespect to the Nutella but it lacked a but of zip..maybe adding a little chile would liven it up!
We bought the $10 for $15 deal, even with that our meal was relatively inexpensive, $32 total for 3 adults.
The soups sounded amazing, that is definitely on my to order list next go round.
I believe it was the owner, or manager that came and talked with us, very friendly and asked if we 'Yelped' very often.
Of course we do!
Good job Corn Flower, we will be back to try out some more of your tasty offerings, you did not disappoint!,,

This really isn't a restaurant.
More of a frozen food aisle.
If you want to stop by and re-heat your dinner, I guess its ok but quite over-priced (prices online are not the same as in the store).
If I have to take something home, re-heat it and make my own sauce, its not worth it.
And, the staff is pretty much dis-functional (actually rude) as they're confused on what items cost and really aren't very helpful (since you're going home to re-heat) regarding eating-in vs. taking-out.
There were a couple of people in the "restaurant" but I'd avoid this if you can.
Del Taco is just up the road.

Service is decent, dining area is confined, portions are small, but the friendliness of the small staff is second to none and the food is tasty.
If you want to stuff yourself then get a burrito, they're good sized burros but seem to be heavy on rice and light on actual meat.
The taquitos (street tacos) are some of the smallest I've seen, but again, tasty.
The empanadas have phenomenal flavor, just very tiny.
For $2/empanada I expect more, especially when it cost less than fifteen cents to make one!
Recommendations: Burritos, Breakfast Empanadas, Ham and Cheese Empanadas, and the Ground Beef Empanadas.
The ingredients are fresh, and it's healthy Mex as opposed to the numerous greasy, overly cheesy Mex restaurants out there so that's a bonus.
The chef is caring, engaged, and wants you to enjoy the food.
All in all, we enjoyed ourselves and the meal and we'll likely return.

Well I'm going to make this short because I have mixed feelings on demoting this place...
But truth must be told.
We were met by 2 friendly chefs(because they are 'out of servers'... not the best sign either I guess).
The service was very genuine and kind though it really was.
The food on the other hand, while it was fresh it was very pedestrian.
We had the salad, a veggie burrito and 6 empanadas.
Everything basically tasted like it could be made at home.
The food is fine, just don't expect much or anything special.
That is all.

Came here for the Empanadas.
Nice cozy little restaurant with an area to sit outside if you wish.
When you walk inside you see display coolers on one wall full of 15 types of prepackaged Gourmet Empanadas and other goodies.
Several flavors to choose from that range from sweet, savory, and veggie.
We used are Yelp check in coupon for a free Empanada and got a total of 7 different kinds to try out.
Also ordered some of the Carnitas and Carne Asada Tacos on the side.
Love the presentation when they came to the table.
The Empanada are packed full of delicious flavors and were very good.
The chunky fire roasted Salsa was yummy and had just the right amount of heat.
The tacos were also tasty although I have had better.
Tried a Tamale also just to see if I was missing anything.
Ordering is confusing.
They seem to be a little disorganized in general.
Sounded like they got slammed the night before and were out of some choices.
Maybe they could have showed up a little earlier than usual to get the place back to normal and tidy up a bit.
Also did not enjoy hearing the microwave buzzer going off while they were preparing the meal.
I get the impression that they are just reheating stuff out of the cooler which I can do at home of course.
Then finally once we were are done they expected us to remember what we ate in order to pay the bill.
A little pricey by the time you are finished and I was still a bit hungry.
I would have to recommend just buying the Empandas and bringing them home and reheating them yourself while enjoying a cold beverage.
A-OK

Delicious and healthy chicken taquitos/ tortilla soup and really friendly service!

Very friendly staff.
The freshest burrito I have ever had.
The cook even made me special hot sauce!

I walked in to check this place out after seeing the sign driving by.
The chef was the sweetest person and very kind.
It was lunchtime on a saturday and we were the only ones there which was confusing because it looks like a great place.
The chef asked my daughter what she wanted and made something just for her.
I ordered tortilla soup and he made it fresh on the spot (my order was to go) and gave me a free cup since he made too much.
We got home and my daughters enchilada was delicious.
I envied her lunch.
The empanadas were good.
My favorite was the BBQ pork.
You have to cook them for 4 minutes or so in the oven.
So good!
The chef told me they make everything fresh.
A very nice change from fast and greasy Mexican places.
The tortilla soup had a really excellent flavor.
But it was very brothy.
Maybe some beans or something?
And a takeout menu would be nice.
I try to find local businesses to eat at and really hope this place sticks around.
With a few minor tweaks (judging from other reviews) it could be a popular place to eat.
I will for sure be back!

Good food.. but I wish the menu were larger

We ordered a selection of things and ended up loving the pork tamale (the masa was so light and amazing) and the ground beef empanada (the flavors were delicious).
The relleno "shell" is thicker than I normally like it but the sauce!
Oh, the sauce is divine and makes it so yummy.
The carne asada burrito was OK but very light-tasting flavor-wise.
And the rice was a very pleasant surprise - I'm not usually a big rice fan, but this was cooked perfectly and very light.
The location is convenient, the owner is passionate and the server was very enthusiastic and friendly.
We will definitely come again.
We want try the mole enchiladas and some additional empanadas next time.
We used the Yelp coupon and paid $20 total for a bunch of food and waddled away very satisfied.

What a great experience that my friend and I had tonight at the Corn Flower.
The staff was superb and friendly and the food was excellent.
The green chile chicken enchilada was so good I could have licked the plate clean!!
I went with a friend and since it was our first time we tried a little of everything - empanadas, tamale, tacquitos, chips/salsa/guac, and peach cake.
I definitely will be back for more!!!

This place is AMAZING!
It serves true, authentic, fresh Mexican food that will be unique to what you have had in the past.
The service is super friendly and helpful.
Everyone there has passion and it shows in the food and service.
It's very clean and has good prices.
I'm all about it!

Just LoVE the decor!
Very quaint and so much nicer than the typical Mexican food places in the valley.
I ordered the Green Chili Enchilada and it was FANtAStiC!!
Took several empanadas home.
Some of my favorites were Beef and olive, Hawaiian and spinach corn.
I have also tried the corn chowder and the mole enchilada, both of which I loved as well.
Try Corn Flower!

I ordered tortilla soup and a green corn tamale for my lunch.
The green corn tamale was okay.
There were not any visible green chilies or corn, but it had a nice corn-y flavor.
What made it was the green salsa that they served on the side.
Delicious!
The tortilla soup was not good, in my opinion.
It was simply broth, whole tortilla chips (which were hard to eat/cut in a soup) and what seemed to be store-bought guacamole.
The broth was good, but they'd be a lot better off if they skipped the guac, and just added a slice of lime, fresh avocado, and maybe some cilantro.
The hardest part about the visit was the service.
While the server was super sweet, she was obviously overwhelmed, as she was the only one servicing tables at lunch time.
They were out of a lot of things in their cooler (iced tea, specific kinds of tamales and empanadas), and they made the soup on the spot.
Some might see the soup thing as great service, but soup can be made at the start of each day and be just as good.
We'd prefer to get more efficient service than wait for soup.
I hope this restaurant can smooth out their kinks, because it seems like they have a lot of potential.

I have to say the staff IS very friendly, and the place was very clean, but the food was a COMPLETE disappointment.
:( I waited 45 minutes for 4 microwave (reheated) empanadas and tamales.
The gentleman that give me the food did apologize for the wait!

I really wanted to love this place but I ended up just sort of liking it.
I read the reviews and gathered that it is best to order to go and reheat at home.
So I ordered 2 dozen.
I don't really care for the set up.
It is a little awkward to reach into their fridge and pick your empandadas.
They had a nice presentation but I wish they had long, waist high coolers instead, similar to a salad bar.
The man behind the counter was a bit cold at first.
He seemed to warm up and become friendlier by the end of our transaction but I was uncomfortable at first.
Also he charged me per empanada instead of by the dozen price listed on the menu.
Not that big of a price difference but still kinda ticked me off.
I didn't say anything because I had a Groupon and was already getting a good deal but you can bet that if I return I will rectify that situation.
When it came to heating the empanadas we were clueless.
There weren't any directions that came with them, or on the menu, or on their website.
So we heated them in the oven until they seemed warmed through.
I think it was a mistake because pastry was a bit tough, dry and not as flaky as I expected it to be.
The Hawaiian pork was the favorite with my husband and son.
My husband wished there was filling in the empanandas.
I had vegetarian ones.
I wasn't crazy about the spinach one but I did like the potato one.
A little later we heated up our dessert ones.
This time we microwaved them.
The texture of the pastry was much better this way.
We will keep it in mind if we return.
The chocolate and lemon ones were delicious and melted in our mouth.
My general feeling is that the empanadas are a bit overpriced for what they are.
I think they would make great party food.
But to feed my starving family?
I'm not convinced.

I am sad I didn't notice this place before.
Tiny but very cute inside.
Had a bbq pork empanada - super flaky and good - and a corn tamale, also great.
Very reasonable price.
My new go to for last minute dinner!
This is the best thing to happen to my corner!

One of these great little gems hiding in our nondescript Arizona strip malls.
They do some great interpretations of some beloved Mexican standards like empanadas and enchiladas.
A very attentive and anxious staff awaits to serve you a memorable lunch.

If I ever had to choose a Prisoner's Last Meal (probably not, this is just a thought experiment), it would have to be the amazing mole' enchilada at CornFlower!
Minced chicken, folded tortilla, and slathers of the yummiest mole'.
Oh, and the peach cake, which could hold its head up at the priciest restaurant in town.
Super friendly and accommodating staff.
Kitchen gods, please shine on this cozy little place and keep it going .
and going .

We really liked this place!
It's decorated very cute, and although it's small, it's quaint and light, and the food was delicious.
I had the tostada salad, hubby had chile relleno, both were very fresh and tasty.
This is def.
more of a To-Go place because seating is so limited, which is fine because the prices are great and the food is, too.
We'll definitely be back!

We were not happy with this place at all.
We went a little later in the evening and the lady working seemed very annoyed that we came in.
I love leaving work on time like anyone else, but if business comes in I suck it up and smile!
She was cleaning all around us and it was ver uncomfortable.
Once we got our food it was so bland.
I got the chile relleno and rice.
The rice was a plain scoop of white rice with no flavor and the chile relleno was just plain and mushy.
My husband got the chicken burrito and it was literally just baked chicken and rice with no flavor at all.
The empanadas were okay but I felt weird that they just came microwaved in a plastic bag.
Haven't gone again

Empanadas!!
I can't remember the last time I saw empanadas on a menu in AZ so I'm thrilled to have them in my 'hood now.
In fact, the last time I had an empanada was in LA.
I would say these are the star of the menu and they have over a dozen sweet and savory to choose from.
I also had the green chili chicken enchiladas which was really good but they forgot to put the side of rice with my order and since I ordered to go I didn't notice until I was home.
This place is new and still working out the kinks.
I agree with the other reviews that its not really designed to be a dine in experience unless you're solo or maybe a party of two.
The girl running the counter seemed a bit overwhelmed with 3 people in the place.
But the concept is great and there's nothing like it around.
I will probably call in my order in the future.
But I'm so happy to have empanadas!!

We had passed this place on our way to the gym a few times and we finally tried it... And are we sure glad we did!
This place was great; very small but nice and clean.
Carlos was very helpful and took care of us.
We went with what he recommended; tamales.
I had the sweet corn topped with pork and chicken tamales, and my fiancé had the chicken and the beef tamales.
Everything was amazing!
We were almost too stuffed to try an Empanada, but Carlos brought us one to try.
It was the best Empanada I have ever had.
We tried the pineapple and cream, which was heated and topped with a little bit of powdered sugar and Carmel.
We will definitely be back.
We found out on our way out that you can bring your own wine or beer and there is just a corking fee.
What a fun place and we will definitely be coming back!

Food was pretty good...not amazing, but pretty good.
But the atmosphere is a combo of small and frenetic.
They don't really seem prepared to serve more than a couple of customers an hour.
During my visit, two different couples walked out after getting no service.
(There were three total small groups in the restaurant.
)  If anything, I would recommend for takeout.

Delicious, fresh Mexican food clearly made from the heart.
Had the superb recommended green enchilada with rice and tasty black beans.
A very welcome alternative to the usual stale big chains lining the main roads.
Pleasant small intimate dining area with outdoor seating available.
Definitely worth leaving one of the resorts for a peaceful, delicious meal, Safeway around the corner.
I'm looking forward to my peach empanadas for dessert later!

Great place!
Carlos is very friendly and has a passion for his craft.
You have to try the Empanadas!
Most Empanadas are fried and these are baked so they're not oily.
The Enchilada was so tasty and different.
It was very authentic.
The ambience is great and the prices are right.

Great place.
Small.
Can seat 10 people inside and a small patio area outside.
but the food is great and worth the wait.
It is BYOB but they do charge a cork fee for wine.

Delicious Empanadas!!
This place is wonderful, loved their food.
Will be back for more.

I travel for a living so I eat out for most meals and have done so for nearly 20 years.
it is with that background that I can honestly say this meal was the worst meal I can recall having in a very long time anywhere.
We ordered chips, salsa and guacamole.
The chips tasted like they were out of a bag and not the kind I prefer buying, the guacamole - OMG.
We would think it comes out of a bag from Costco, one bite and each of us were done.
My salad was a few beans and kernels of corn atop iceberg lettuce with a big glop of the aforementioned guac.
I could go on and on and describe the 4 meals in detail but I will stop and say that I only wish Yelp offered a star option that was below no stars.
It was memorably horrible.
I will now begin the process of trying to forget this experience.
The people were nice enough but that and the cute decor are its only redeeming features.
Keep on driving - there are many choices that are better in the area.

The food here is fantastic!
We tried the tamales and the green enchilada.
Both were amazing.
I absolutely recommend eating here.

Soooo yummy!!
And Carlos is a treat!
We had the enchiladas, empanadas and chipotle soup--all delicious!
We can't wait to go back or order for a party!

I really, really wanted to like this place.
Unfortunately, when I got there at about 4pm, the empanadas had been picked over and there were few left to choose from.
We only liked the sweet empanadas, none of the savory ones.
The gentleman behind the counter was nice, but flustered and clueless on how to run my debit card thru the reader on the iPad to pay.
Due to not so great food and uninviting, tiny space, I'll probably not be going back.

Found out about this place from Groupon and used a $10 for $15.
It was great!
Tried 6 different types of empanadas, chips and salsa, and tres leches cake - all soooo delicious!
Then the chef brought us out horchata to try - not quite as good as La Condesa's, but still really yummy.
The service was also above and beyond.
I'll definately be back!

This little place is great!
The empanadas were delicious a wide selection if flavors.
The services was great!

Really great personal service.
Great tamales!
Carlos said they were his grandmother's recipe I think.
We have to go back for the empanadas everyone's talking about!
Also lots of yummy baked goods.
Love the crumbly powdered sugary Mexican wedding cookies.
They had a kids menu but for once we did not children with us!

Tried this place while visiting Phoenix for work.
Great spot for lunch.
I got the chorizo burrito enchilada style.
It was huge, but ingredients were so flavorful I had to clean my plate.
Price was a bargain and the owner even gave me one of their famous empanadas to go since it was my first time visiting.
I highly recommend.

I would love to give them the five stars, but experience speaking it wasn't that great.
Service was good, the people there were so friendly and totally willing to help.
I definitely did not take their five star away because of that.
The reason why the fifth is missing is because...THEY WERE OUT OF EVERYTHING!!!
it was a super sad day when we got there.
They had nothing left.
Good for them and business, but not good for me.
I have been wanting to go to CF for a long time now and finally made it out.
They were out of tamales!!
Out of all these different meats...I had no choice what to pick and was relegated to choosing empanadas that i really didn't care for (the filling wasn't the ones i wanted).
They were okay, but only snack sized...that might be good in the case of my gut.
Me and my group had the corn chowder...so many improvements could have been made in this..
I felt like this dish was a little half....you know what i mean...
Contemplating it over I have to take another star out because the chowder was wiggidy wack... it was more of a soup than a chowder...  All in all, I want to go back so they can reclaim some stars from me, but i want to go back when they actually have stuff and aren't closing in an hour    Recommendation get there early or call in and see what they still have before showing up.
If they are out of stuff it isn't worth your time..

This is by far the best Mexican Food restaurant in the Phoenix area.
I have a gluten intolerance and chef Carlos ALWAYS takes wonderful care of me and my family when we're in.
This is more than a restaurant, it's a dining experience!
I suggest ordering the Chavez Enchilada next time!
It's a gluten free, extra spicy green enchilada.
Also, the corn tamales are to die for!

This place used to be awesome, but they recently changed to an Empenada only menu.
Best Green Chile burro in town?
Gone!!!
I wont be back.

In regards to the reply from my first review, I am updating this to reflect the quality of food (which was superb) instead of my disappointment at the change of menu.
I had been a regular here (with a group of co-workers) on a weekly basis for months, and was flat out told last week that anything other than Empenadas was "Catering Only" from now on.

A really nice spot.
Odd hours.
Meant to be more of a catering business, they've added some tables to accommodate the wishes of their patrons.
Super friendly owners, mom and pop feel, excellent food.
The enchiladas (mole and green sauce) were superb.
Coming back to soon to have those again.
The empanadas were good (although the choices seemed less authentic -- meatball, bbq pork, e.g.
)   Overall, splendid.
We'll be back to try the tamales.

Been here several times for the delicious empanadas and the best horchata ever.
Service was very personable and excellent by chef Carlos.
The last time I visited, he was not there, sorry to see this, his recommendations and enthusiasm for the cuisine is deeply missed.
Also,hours are very limited now.

Wish this charming little restaurant was here when we lived a bit closer to this neighborhood!
Still, it was a fun discovery one day when we were on our way to the PV Mall.
The food and service were good.
The server even took the time to give us the restaurant's backstory.
We have gone back for take-out empanadas, both savory and dessert.
They make a fine quick mid-week meal.

Try the green enchalada, and don't forget to the empanadas!
Lovely decor, and the owner is very nice!

We had a mix of empenadas tamales and enchiladas as well as a bowl of the tortilla soup for lunch and they were all delicious.
The green chile enchiladas had a nice creamy sauce with very nice spice.
The mole sauce was amazing and had just the right sweet and spice.
The empenadas were bite size and I would have loved to try more but was just too full from the rest of the meal.
Be sure to finish with a sweet empenada and some ice cream.

