I discovered Taka Grill and Cafe while driving north from work on Central in search of somewhere different to have lunch.
No line, no waiting.
We ordered, sat down and our food was served with 5 minutes.
We were out of there in 40 minutes, which is perfect when you only have an hour for lunch..
I wanted sushi so I ordered the Shrimp tempura roll with deep fried shrimp, imitation crab meat, avocado and cucumber for $6.95.
Of course I would have preferred fresh crab meat, but was ok with the imitation.
I liked the meal presentation.
Food is served on large rectangular plates.
My coworkers also enjoyed their meals, except one said the salmon was frozen and thawed.
We work within a mile of Taka and will be back again to try something different.
(A mango smoothie sounds delicious right about now!

Very tasty.
Just what we need in this part of town.

LOVE IT!
We went after voting.
The only thing was wish they had kimbap and daeji bulgogi on menu.
We got the Taka special chicken, and Kalbi (my favorite thing in the entire world!
), and a boba smoothie.
The food was great.
Pretty sure the older Korean couple owns and they were so cute and sweet.
You order at the counter.
Will def be back...Oh and prices are GREAT!

i'm from south phoenix in search of a whole in the wall and i found this joint.
as we walked in, i was pleasantly surprised by the interior.
we ordered chicken nuggets for my kids and my girlfriend ordered the orange chicken and i ordered a spicy seafood soup chong pang.
the chicken nuggets tasted and looked like the freezer section nuggets.
the orange chicken was over cooked and my soup was bland no taste, it also had ingredients that where not on the listed menu, i found 1 yes 1 shrimp!
i grabbed my family and left all the food on the table !!!!
your better off eating a chinese buffet.
i will never be back.

I was very excited to notice this Korean place, as South Phoenix doesn't really have anything fun.
My best friend is Korean and she would take us to a place located in Chandler as well as one in Glendale.
I love a big steaming bowl of bibimbap and I also enjoy bulgogi.
I visited this place with my husband at 6:30 on a Friday night.
I ordered the bibimbap and he ordered bulgogi.
The bulgogi had a nice flavor but not much else to it.
Just about 3 oz of meat on top of plain white rice.
I felt like it wasn't worth the money.
The bibimbap came out looking great!
I was so excited.
But when I went to break the egg yoke and cook it in the bowl I realized the rice was cold because the egg didnt cook up at all.
Being that I'm not one to shy away from runny eggs I ate it any way.
The flavor of the meat was the same as the bulgogi dish.
The refrigerated condiments were so-so.
It was just mushrooms and sprouts.
There were some kimchi flavored sprouts which were pretty hard to chew.
It was probably because they weren't cooked due to the rice not being hot enough.
Big bummer :( The taste was just "meh".
The ambiance was okay.
I like the menu area looking sleek with the digital menu.
I like the old Asian architecture feel on the inside.
What really took away from the looks was the self serve area with all of the forks and soy sauce packets, and the fact that you have to pay at the counter and there are signs posted all around it like you would find at a cheap Chinese place.
It would have been much more charming without the mess on the counter and if the waitress had just come over and taken our order.
I'm not sure why they wanted it to be self-serve and maybe isn't the best option for dinner time.
The Korean masks hanging on the wall are a nice touch.
The smoothie signs are incredibly tacky and take the focus away from the great color schemes and Korean decor.
Overall I felt like this place was trying to be too many different types of food.
Like Asian fusion.
I feel like there are enough Asian fusion places around and it would have been so much nicer to just have quality, delicious Korean food right in the heart of Phoenix.

First time to came here.
I ordered bipimbab.
I was great!
I also order spicy noodles, it was spicy, so be aware what the spicy level that you can eat.
I would like to go back to order something else.
The atmosphere was comfy.

Flipped a bi*@h when I saw the boba sign.
The restaraunt itself was clean.
The workers were all friendly.
I wanted a coconut Thai tea boba.
Which was not offered on the menu.
The girl accommodated me and made the blended drink with boba.
I waited a good 10-15 minutes for two drinks, which seemed a bit excessive but seeing a businessman receive his lunch made me intrigued enough to come back some day.
I gave three stars because of wait time and price.

This was our first trip to this little restaurant.
I pass it nearly every day on my way from work and decided tonight was the night to try it.
I'm very glad I did!
The food was fresh and flavorful.
You can tell that everything is made to order and hasn't been sitting in a warming tray.
Our goyza arrived at the table hot and crisp!
I had the Bulgogi dinner, and I liked it so much I bought another order to go for my son!
I can't say fresh enough!
It made such a difference in the flavor.
Scott had the spicy honey chicken.
It was crisp, sweet, and spicy.
Again, it was made fresh...it hadn't been sitting around and still be that crisp !
He also ordered the Philly sushi roll.
I felt for the price it was a decent value and quite tasty!
We will be going back !

