MELISSA is the one!!!
I recently just moved to the area and needed to find a new salon.
First time was a charm, Melissa gave me a great cut, she had ideas and was very current.
Well worth it, I'll be back.
The rest of the staff was very friendly as well.
Looking forward to them getting some mens wear soon.

Nicolle is amazing she always does a wonderful job on me and my husbands hair!
She also does a great job on my lashes.
The salon is beautiful and the boutique has great clothes.

Don't waste your time!
I get better customer service at Target !!!
If you are going to advertise and use Groupon then know how they work .

Mellisa has been amazing with my hair.
The cut & color are awesome.
Dr. Kearns and Sadie both worked on my skin with a dermaplane and product recommendations and it has such improved my skin!
I will definitely be going  back for more facials from Sadie!
She's so sweet!

First time in, the staff wasn't really very welcoming, didn't get a hello or anything and they both looked at me when I walked in.
The clothes are okay just way WAY overpriced and considering the lack of acknowledgement I wasn't really down to spend any money in the store.

After reading some great reviews about Moda Forte, I made an apportionment to have my hair cut by Melissa.
What made it even better, was the Yelp deal they had for their customers.
To be honest, I was having one of those stressful days.
However, when I arrived I was greeted by their very friendly owner Denise.
I met Melissa and she was also very friendly and made me feel very comfortable.
Melissa did a great job on my hair and I plan to return.
On the way out I again had the pleasure of speaking to Denise and meeting her daughter Nicolle.
Overall, I had a great experience and I highly recommend Moda Forte!

OK -so when I walked in everything was great - I was about 30 minutes early to my appointment so I was expecting to wait-so I am waiting and now its 15 minutes AFTER my scheduled appointment.
So finally I get in the chair and I show the girl what I want and she says to me OK well let me show you some pictures of what I have-ummm no I just showed you what I wanted.
So anyway we start the process-shampoo was great and that is it!
The girl was only 3 months behind the chair and that is why salons do this Groupon or Living Social stuff to promote new stylist...OK no big deal....well once she was done with my haircut that took 2 hours!!!
I looked NOTHING like the pictures, I mean not even close.
I kind of resemble a mushroom...I was upset and just wanted out of the chair...I know I had a sad look on my face but nobody said anything.
As soon as I left, I put my hair in a whatever hair I had left ponytail and left.
I have now been searching around where to go to get it fixed.
I have a huge event this weekend and right now I want to crawl in a ball and cry.
I know hair grows back and its always "not that bad" but when it happens to you, it sucks!
Also I know this is not where people general buy clothes but $200 for a sundress?
Are you kidding me?
No thanks

Very cute place, I went for eyelash extensions and I LOVE them!
I recommend Nicolle, she did a wonderful job and I will be going back to her.

I was looking for a new summer look so I purchased the Groupon deal for a cut and color from Moda Forte.
It had good reviews and is very close to me, so I thought I'd give it a shot.
I saw Naomi who was very receptive to my requests.
I brought in pictures and she spent time picking out the right colors for me.
This was my first time having my hair colored so I wasn't sure what to expect, but the whole process took about 3 hours.
I am very happy with the cut and color and would visit Moda Forte again!

WORST PLACE TO GET YOUR HAIR DONE!!
I was so excited to get my hair done at Moda Forte and it was my first time with them.
To begin with, there was an incident between two of the hair stylist fighting over a hand mirror that was missing.
They argued in-front of everyone and made the environment totally uncomfortable and unprofessional.
Then the lady dying my hair did not dye my hair the color I wanted.
I specifically told her what I was hoping for or atleast something close.
She dies my hair an ugly copper brown.
Then, two different stylist were cutting and dying my hair so the I had to re-explain what kind of hair cut i wanted to the second stylist.
I can go on!
Uncomfortable atmosphere, rude, did not give me what I wanted, and i drove an hour to North Scottsdale to not be happy with my hair.
Seriously take my advice, or see for yourself.
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!

Kudos to this business!!!!
I have never been happier with a Salon in my life!
This salon is extremely accommodating, quick to book, and takes there time with you without keeping you in a chair for hours.
I have never received so many compliments on my hair before Sarah Sheffield took hold of it.
She did an amazing job the first time I came in and continues to provide me with excellent service and care every time since!
Please come in and see her and this salon.
They also carry excellent products and everyone is so kind.
Stop in and say hi to Denise one of the owners, such a sweetheart and let Sarah transform your look!!!!!
I refuse to go anywhere else now!

This is a great place to get your hair done.
The staff, incl the owner, and the stylists are all very welcoming, and best of all, you will leave very happy with your hair style.
The price does not get any better!
Its even a better price than the Drybar and other hair salons in the area.
Besides, i always find a deal on Yelp, or Groupon.
Agan, it just does not get any better!

I moved down here from Boston in sever need of a cut, I bought the groupon and was paired with Naomi and she was great!
I have extremely thick and hard to handle hair which needed to be fixed and she did!
I couldn't be happier!
I will be back and highly recommend her!

Natalie was the best!
I recently moved to North Phoenix from Orange County and have the same stylist for 7+ years.
With being in the makeup industry and being particular about my "look"...I was nervous to go to someone completely new.
I bought a groupon to get a haircut.
I was seated immediately (on time for my appt), Natalie was sweet, funny, and we had a common personality.
She listened to details of what I was looking for.. and cut it perfectly.
I've received many compliments (from the OC as well as in the area) and have recommended the salon/stylist.
Definitely be back for an updated trim in a few weeks.
Cheers.

sarah is AMAZING!!
so personable, sweet and extremely talented.
i came in for a cut and partial color and she created exactly the look i wanted, making sure i was happy and comfortable the entire time (not to mention the incredible scalp massage).
the clothes are cute and everyone is very professional at this salon.
you will not be disappointed.
so glad i finally found the stylist i've been searching forever for.
sarah is undeniably the best!

Andrea is absolutely amazing!!!!
She is the absolute sweetest and an AMAZING hairdresser!
I got ombre done to my hair for the first time and she surpassed any expectations I had!
She is the BEST!!!!

Gosh, I hate to call people out and give a negative review, but there is a reason they are on Groupon all the time.
I bought a Groupon for a cut color and style for $65.00, but then I got there and it didn't include highlights, so they charged me another $30.00 to do highlights.
Other Groupons were for highlights or color and cut for the same or less...whatever.
My problem with this place is the product they use is AWFUL and the color they used on my hair faded terribly within a week.
It looked good when I left, but awful in a week.
My hair is over 50% grey so I need good quality product.
The haircut was just okay.
They said if I booked another appointment I would get 20% off and I decided to get a Brazilian blowout and they said it was $320.00 (my hair is medium length) but I would get 20% off for $256.00.
That is a joke.
I booked with a person I have used in the past for $90.00 for a Brazilian blowout.
I think they just focus on their Groupon thing and hope for repeat customers, but probably most people do not go back.
PASS.

Jessica is EXCEPTIONAL!!
She has the magic touch when it comes to hair..
Seriously.
She is very experienced and you know you can trust her advice explicitly.
It is a relief to know that she is always going to take care of you, and make you look great!

I found Moda Forte in a Yelp search as I was in need of a quick appointment for a cut prior to going out of town a few months ago.
Since then I've been coming regularly to see Natalie Fox, who's done a great job with my hair, not to mention she's super friendly.
The great thing about this place is that it's very clean, doesn't get that funky salon smell, the staff is great and prices are reasonable (from my experience).
Not just for the ladies, I'd  highly recommend Moda Forte for guys - don't be afraid to visit a "salon" for your hair, it's worth it.

I am new to the area and needed a haircut- Moda Forte is located close to me and I was able to get a groupon, so I gave it a shot.
The team there is very friendly and welcoming.
There's a strong focus on customer service and it does go a long way.
I got a basic cut/style with Kaylan- she's bubbly and talkative, and gave me a few great tips.
This was about two weeks ago and the cut/style is holding up well.
I'm happy with Moda Forte and will return!

