This is kind of the best way to do it moving.
I usually end up staying at Venetian/Wynn, so it is kind of fun to walk down the whole strip and hop on the tram back instead of having to double back or wait on cabs.

Anytime I can hop on a tram in lucky las Vegas, I'm all over it.
This is a  great feature when casino hopping while we stayed at The Vdara.
It allowed for ease to several casinos and cut out all the walking I do while decked out in sky high heels.
Ladies, you can feel me on this and can appreciate a tram likewise.
Note: Tram ride is free but hours are limited.
Route is from Monte Carlo to The Bellagio.

***The CityCenter Tram, like the one at Mandalay Bay, is free, but the route is very small; it primarily connects the CityCenter to the Bellagio (Monte Carlo is also connected); it is actually not that far to walk from the CityCenter to Bellagio, but the tram does allow you to avoid walking outside when it is cold or having to walk through smoky casinos; the tram is clean and comfortable***  Parking is free at all of the casinos connected through this tram.

Thank god for this tram!!
honestly helped my feets and legs after walking the strip for a few days..what a relief!
i forgot about this lil part of transportation which wouldve helped me with all the shopping i did but remembered later (so forgetful of me)!
please dont forget about this lil sweet spot in vegas...very very very very useful!

This is super convenient and a great and spacious ride.
We stayed at Monte Carlo, and it takes 2 min to go to the Bellagio so we don't have to walk far at all to access the venues around that area.
Not much to say other than the tram is very nice, air conditioned, free, and spacious.

A good ride, but it's located in the back of Monte Carlo, CityCenter, and Bellagio.
Be prepared to walk through a "maze" just to get to the trams, especially in Bellagio.
Otherwise, enjoy!

This modern, climate-controlled tram is a godsend when trying to get through Las Vegas.
After all the walking one can do, especially if it's hot, it's nice to have a tram that will get you between a few of the different hotels and casinos, so you can sit and rest for a few minutes.
This tram takes you from the Bellagio to Monte Carlo and Aria and I found it to be very useful during my trip to Las Vegas.
The only drawback is that the tram is not in operation between 4am-8am.

Convenient, modern, clean and safe.
It's great to hop from hotel to hotel and is much easier then all the escalators after a night of clubbing (especially in high heels!
)  Makes for great photo ops too

This tram was great because we were able to avoid walking out in the hot sun =D Very convenient to get to the Aria from the Bellagio!

This was extremely convenient for us when we stayed at the Monte Carlo!!
A really easy and FREE way to get up the strip.
Not sure when/if it closes.
The only late night we had we took a cab back.
Stops are frequent.
The longest wait the whole trip was 6 minutes at most (there's a timer).
Make sure to check the times on both sides since there are two different trams/tracks.

We found the tram very helpful while staying at the Monte Carlo.
It provided easy access to both Aria and Bellagio.

Much better than its inferior, dilapidated sister (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mandalay-bay-excalibur-tram-las-vegas), the MGM Resorts International-owned CityCenter Tram is an efficient means to get from Monte Carlo to Bellagio, or vice versa.
With that being said, I am not cheerleader, so I have a few qualms with this tram:   - It is entirely too slow.
Increase velocity please; - It is entirely too trashed.
Clean up, more often, after the Motley Cruers please; and  - It should straight up connect with the South tram tracks and Mandalay Bay, maybe even Town Square (a dream, I know ...).
Fuck it: run it all the way to the airport!
Now, I am not a complete ass, so I will combine my three negatives for this listing into a single star deduction, because I am benevolent, and it is festivus after all.
Not to mention it is free year-round.
Merry Chanukah!
- E

My family has stayed at the Monte Carlo the past two years we have visited Las Vegas but we frequented the Bellagio for their restaurants, holiday display, and permanent show.
With our elderly grandparents along for the trip, the tram was a quick, easy, convenient, and free transportation option for us to get up and down the strip with relative ease.
We often never need to wait more than a few minutes for a train car as there are two sets of rails that run the same three stop route.
Because it is free, occasionally it can get quite cosy in the car but it usually does not get uncomfortably crowded.
You may not be able to find a seat every time so make sure to hang on to a rail to avoid losing your balance.
My only other criticism is that the signage and station names are not particularly clear so pay close attention to make sure you are headed the way you were planning.

Who can hate on this tram!
Its clean, hella helpful, and quick.
Each station is organized so you know what side to stand on.
Every time I've been on, the cars weren't all that crowded.
The only downside is it some walking distance to any shopping at Bellagio but it was an after thought for that casino.
Take this before trying to walk to the casino.
Saves you a few miles in walking and people traffic.

This is a free tram, which runs from Monte Carlo, City Center, Aria, and Bellagio.
All of them are MGM own resort.
I wish this tram could link to NYNY one can run all the way down to Mandalay Bay.
The tram is very handy during hot day in Vegas, just aware the tram stop isn't indoor but there's shade.
If you going to further casino like Venetian or Mirage, expect to walk another good 10, 15 minutes, or so.

This tram was clean and you know exactly where it goes.
Your free ticket from the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio and back.
What can be better than that?

When packing for Vegas, I thought I had picked some decent shoes with insoles for all my adventures but around the end of the day I could feel the blisters and couldn't stand walking anymore.
I can usually walk all day long without an issues but my fashionable boots just weren't doing the trick and I needed to get back to the hotel to soak my feet for a bit before the next thing we wanted to do.
Luckily, my friend spotted this tram and thank god it took us somewhat near our hotel.
The tram is FREE and CLEAN.
Plus, it wasn't packed so I was able to take a seat and rest my feet.
The ride is quick and we were at our hotel in a matter of minutes.
Yay!

