I don't feel that I can give this place more than three stars...yet.
I've only been once, and my experience was good, but we're still in the honeymoon stage.
Orange Leaf is a make-your-own frozen yogurt bar.
You pick your yogurt flavor(s) from a wall of what I would guess was fifteen choices(that evidently rotate).
Then, you head over to the topping bar and add whatever goodies your heart desires.
They had fresh fruit, candies, nuts, and several unique fun items that caught my eye(cereals like captain crunch and cinnamon crunch toast, for example).
Then head on over to the scale of shame, and see how gluttonous you are that day.
You pay by the ounce($0.49, I believe), so you can spend as much or as little as you'd like.
I had hazelnut and wedding cake yogurt flavors, with strawberries and vanilla wafers.
Tasty.
The decor is what I would call IKEA on acid.
Very bright, funky furniture.
Uber-modern and minimalistic.
Looking forward to another visit.
You know--For honest reviewing's sake.

I was very excited when I noticed a new frozen yogurt place in Madison, WI.
As of the time of this writing, it is only one of currently two frozen yogurt self-serve places I could find in town (the other being Menchie's in West Towne Mall).
It seems there may be another business coming that is ALSO going to do frozen yogurt called CherryBerry, right across from West Towne Mall on the north side of Mineral Pt Rd.
In either case...
The yogurt here is 0.45/oz when I visited yesterday on Thurs 8/16/12.
The decor is definitely reminiscent of other, modern frozen yogurt places I have been to in CA.
Like one reviewer described it, it feels like an IKEA-styled establishment.
When I visited, this place was packed.
This place seems to get a lot of traffic so I think either a lot of people love this place or a lot of people are excited to visit this place for the first time.
I suppose I expect that when I enter a self-serve frozen yogurt store, I want to see some tart yogurt offerings and a certain selection of toppings.
Their flavor special, which I think was called something similar to "sparkleberry" or some other compound word ending in -berry, was surprisingly sweet and I ended up comparing it to Captain Crunch.
They did not offer a classic tart, and I actually could not spot any tart flavors there, but I did not taste them all so I am not actually sure on this aspect.
I also wished they provided more "Asian-styled" toppings.
While I saw mochi and three different types of "popping boba" (something I am not quite sure is truly Asian-styled in the first place), I was hoping to see tapioca, pudding, and even perhaps red bean paste.
I realize this is a slightly "exotic" list as far as toppings go, but I think there should at least be some kind of balance between their sweet/starchy Western toppings (there were brownies, candies, nuts, and other toppings I didn't really care for).
This is something that Menchie's is also currrently guilty of so I will probably note the same thing when I have more time to review on Yelp.
I wonder if this froyo "Americanization" has anything to do with the store priding themselves as "America's frozen yogurt".
My best guess is a resounding yes.
The flavors they DID offer, did seem to use good quality yogurt and had the right texture to them.
I am still not a fan of their sweet flavors (I did not really expect to see Red Velvet and Birthday Cake flavors but you should find them here).
The toppings were decent, as far as Western toppings go, but their brownies were less chewy and chocolate'y as other places I've been to.
This is a great step in the right direction (frozen yogurt has been around in other places for quite some time!
Finally we have a few here).
But I think this place could  improve their offerings, by a large margin.
May be back, pending future Yelp reviews.

I really wanted to love this place.
I love ice cream and a good frozen yogurt is a slightly healthier option.
Just don't expect your froyo flavor to taste exactly like the ice cream equivalent, it won't.
Geeked out a little when I saw the brand of soft-serve machines they were using.
Stoelting just happens to be based out of my hometown and has been making soft-serve machines since 1939.
(In fact they were first commissioned to engineer a soft-serve machine for the company that is now Dairy Queen) First visit left a bit of a bitter taste.
There were flies all over the toppings bar and seating areas.
I appreciated that they were diligent in keeping the toppings area stocked but seriously if there is a small piece of fruit stuck to the bottom of the tub don't reach in for it with bare hands if you plan on putting it out for guests.
Flavors are fun.
The weekly/daily flavor list is available on the website or via smartphone app.
I suggest looking at the list before you go as the flavors rotate.

My favorite yogurt shop so far.
Friendly staff.
Great selection in flavors (low fat, nonfat, NSA, lactose free).
Fun toppings(chucks of pop tarts, pink/white animal cookies) They have my favorite tart & banana flavor.
Banana tastes like taffy taffy banana.
Lychee is the craziest.
$0.45 an ounce plus they have a reward cards.
The places loud with orange(duh) and green colors.

If this review were based strictly on the product I would upgrade my previous rating to become four stars.
However, we all know that the "dining out" experience is also about...well, the experience.
The yogurt here is mighty tasty, and toppings are good.
I dig the rewards card.
BUT-  First of all--parking here is a NIGHTMARE.
I feel like I'm in a live version of a cross between Frogger and Tetris.
I wish I had eight eyes to be able to see in every direction when backing out of a stall.
Any given night there seems to be a line of people squishing together to try to get toppings onto their frozen goodness before it starts melting, and just as many people waiting in line for THOSE people to hurry their little fro-yo loving buns up so they can get their own treat.
Tonight there were probably fifteen to twenty people queued up.
So, how many registers were open?
One.
Pretty much it always seems to be one.
There is minimal space and seating in here for traffic like that.
When you walk along the shopping center, every bench is taken up by Orange Leaf customers.
I've even seen people scamming spots outside at Chipotle.
That's because there are maybe three four-tops, a couple two-tops, and a couch inside.
It's crazy loud, and everyone is hopped up on sugar!
No wonder everyone wants an outside bench.
That's cool now...but, Dude.
This is Wisconsin.
What about our six month Winter?
Maybe people aren't die hard frozen goodness fans, and won't want fro-yo in WInter?
Maybe once the newness dies down, it won't be so busy?
Maybe I'll get tired of the screaming and the cattle herding and I'll stop coming?
Time will tell.

ok flavors, but doesnt taste nearly as good as the froyo ive had in chicago.
Forever Yogurt on state street gets my vote!

Tons of flavors; free sampling before you load up; and lots of toppings.
Two options for sizing and line moves pretty fast.
They offer a rewards card--probably don't want to get that otherwise you will be here EVERY WEEK haha.
I usually stick to 2 basic flavors--something chocolate-and throw in a "seasonal".
For example over the holidays I loved their egg nog flavor!!
The BF loves the red velvet and gets heaps of it when he goes!

This is my FAVORITE fro-yo.
My favorite flavors are cheesecake and brownie batter.
It can be a little pricy but the rewards card gives a great savings.
The only downside is that the staff can sometimes be grumpy.

I am picky about frozen yogurt places.
I cannot find one as good as Yogurtland which I visited in Colorado.
Orange Leaf has nice people working there but if you ask to sample something they actually fill the little sample cup for you and stand right next to you when you eat it.
It is uncomfortable.
One of the best things about going to a yogurt place like this one is to try all the great flavors.
It was awkward to say the least and out of 6 different frozen yogurt places I have tried this is the only one I have ever felt awkward in.
The frozen yogurt and topping selection are up there with most in the Madison, WI area but not as good as Yogurtland.
The prices aren't too bad either compared to others, I think a little less even.
For overall experience I would go to Cherry Berry in the area.

The flavors are boring.. nothing tasted like what it was supposed to and I don't like the fact that when you ask for a sample they fill it up for you and stand there when you try them.. it made me feel uncomfortable.

i used to love this place but then something happened and they changed.....
I love almonds as a topping on my fro-yo but they don't have it now and Staff isnt very inviting.
However, there are some new flavors of boba and a variety of flavors to try.
Its fine !

This place has good flavor combinations and always has good toppings.
The reward program is nice if you consistently go here.
The fro-yo is smooth and creamier than most I've tried, but it is really awkward that the employees have to dish out the samples and watch you eat them.
Makes me think twice before going here over somewhere else like Cherry Berry where I am trusted to dish out my samples for myself.

My kids and I stopped by Orange Leaf last week as a "last day of school" treat.
They are big fans of "make your own" frozen yogurt and we were excited to try a new spot.
Unlike other Yelp reviewers, we had no trouble parking or waiting in line - it was 2 pm on a Thursday.
Their credit card machine was down that day, and the woman behind the counter was very helpful and even let me write an out-of-state check  when I didn't have cash - which I really appreciated!!
Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed in the actual yogurt.
I tried banana, which was pretty boring.
I also took a bite of my daughter's grape flavor, and it was so sweet and fake tasting that it made me cringe.
They have a fun variety of toppings, but most of it is candy and other sweet stuff like sugary cereal.
I would have liked some more fresh fruit.
And, the "white chocolate" topping that I pumped onto my daughter's yogurt honestly looked pretty disgusting, like it had separated inside the container.
(Yes, she put white chocolate on her grape yogurt...what can I say, she's five.
) Finally, the sprinkles were practically hidden behind the register, and I didn't see them until after I let my kids have Fruity Pebbles on top because I thought there were no sprinkles.
Man - those sprinkles are a hot commodity - they should be out front and center for the 5 and under crowd!
The restaurant itself had a fun vibe, with its fun color scheme and the cool white chairs, but when you looked closely, the tables and floor were pretty dirty.
I also would like some outside seating, though this might be out of their control.
I thought the price was good for what we got, though we were offered no samples, nor were we informed of any type of rewards program, which other Yelpers have mentioned.
Final thoughts - while I wouldn't say this was a bad experience, Orange Leaf will not likely be our top choice the next time we are looking for a cool treat.

Such a good place for a sweet, yet healthy after dinner treat.
Parking is fairly easy and even if there is a line, the employees are quick and speedy.
Love the yogurt choices.
Oatmeal Cookie, Red Velvet, Brownie Batter, and Wedding Cake are among my favorites.
They have amazing flavors and great toppings that are clean and fresh and are refilled often.
The 4 instead of 5, is I wish they would let you taste the frozen yogurt yourself instead of having to ask.
Otherwise, this place is amazing

