I've been researching window tint/ clear bra places for weeks and I'm happy to say that Shane's Window Tint & Clear Bra is the place to take your car.
I didn't want my brand new Subaru BRZ in just anyone's hands but only the most experienced and best.
The customer service was great, phone was always picked up in a timely manner and the window tint / clear bra job was flawless.
They even let me watch.
:) Shane is really great as well.
He gave me some useful tips on how to properly wax over area where the clear bra was applied and how to maintain the clear bra.
The also took care of my car like it was their own.
: ) Overall I'm very happy to have been referred there.

Just had my Malibu's 2 front windows redone.
I just bought this car with limo tint on it and I realized that I could not see my side mirrors.
It drove me nuts!
Yelp to the rescue!
I wanted to find a company close to my home and these guys worked out perfect.
They are just around the corner from the mall so I went to see the Hangover 3, It worked out perfect!
They did a great job and were able to schedule me the very next day.
I saw some of the pictures of their work and was very impressed.
They also install clear tint on the front of cars so that they do not chip or scratch...very cool.
I would have done it except I own a Malibu....I know, pretty sad huh.

Being new to the Phoenix area, I rely on Yelp for a lot of things, Shane's being one of them.
Their work is fantastic and customer service excellent.

I've used Shane's for several vehicles now and I am VERY impressed with both the quality of their tinting material and service.
I would DEFINITELY recommend Shane's Tint & Clear Bra for all of your tinting needs!

Just had the Clear Bra package applied to my new black Chrysler 300.
Looks great.
Apart from a thin seam on the hood you can't even tell there is anything there.
The fenders and mirrors look perfect.
Great service and well worth the investment.

The whole process was very professional and well done.
I had Xpel ultimate full hood placed onto my Cayman s and partial protection for wife's cayenne with clearshield.
The work was done exactly as promised and on time.
Shane clearly takes pride in his work and is a stand up guy.
When he noticed flaking from a bumper part, he offered to pay for it even though it is under warranty and I really don't think he did anything to cause it.
His prices are very competitive as well.
I drove from Mesa to see him because of his great reviews!

