We had two ladies from Maid Pro clean our home about two weeks ago.
They arrived on time and with all of their own supplies.
It was amazing how much they managed to get down in just two hours!
The same projects would have taken me double or triple the same amount of time.
I wasn't there while they were cleaning, but I was amazed when I walked in the front door after work and the first thing that hit me was the wondrously clean scent.
Our house didn't stink before the service, but it smelled like lemons and cleanliness.
We were delighted with the service and how awesome our house looked after just two hours!
We had planned on this just being a one-time clean, but after seeing the quality you get for the cost, we have decided it is well worth it and we are signing up for the once-monthly cleaning.
We HIGHLY recommend this company and service!

I was so impressed by the job your team did cleaning my home.
Nothing was overlooked and everything was clean and fresh!
I have had cleaning ladies in the past but I have never been this satisfied with their work.
I loved the 49-point checklist and was so surprized at all that was done.
I had been looking at dirty light fixtures for sometime, but your girls cleaned them without me even asking.
Now they are clean and sparkling!
Your service was so worth the money spent!
Thank you for doing such a great job!

MaidPro cleaned my home earlier this month.
I was totally impressed.
The crew was efficient, thorough, professional and friendly,  I would heartily recommend them to anyone.
Outstanding!

I am so glad that MaidPro has come to the East Valley!
I've been using house cleaners for over 15 years and I can say conclusively that MaidPro is one of the best services out there.
They use high quality products, use the time they are at your home efficiently, and your house is left sparklingly clean when they leave.
The girls are professional and dealing with them and the office staff of MaidPro has been easy and stress-free.
I like MaidPro's service so much that I have given cleanings as gifts to friends and family.
Everyone has come back saying that they did a wonderful job and how much they appreciate the gift of a clean home.
I highly recommend MaidPro if you are looking for a house cleaning service!
You won't be disappointed!

We have been Using Maidpro in Gilbert for our Office cleaning and cannot be more pleased.
The crew show up on time, work efficiently and with a great attitude.
Everyone here enjoys the fresh clean scent and spotless office every time they arrive.
They are endorsed highly...

Maidpro of Gilbert has done a fantastic job on my home twice now.
I can't wait until they come out here again.
I've had my house cleaned many times before by both professional services and independent contractors.
Maidpro by far has been the best.
The cleaning products they use make the house smell so good and the vacum cleaners are the best!
They also use an elaborate checklist each time so they don't miss anything - right down to the flowers they make on top of the kleenex box!
Great job ladies!

I had the MaidPro team clean my home for the first time yesterday and was very impressed.
The ladies were incredibly thorough and when I got home it smelled so clean and fresh!
The owner Paula was also very helpful on the phone.
I have zero complaints and I look forward to having my home cleaned every other week by this great company!

Needed some help with dust on short notice ...
I called, and the prices were very reasonable - especially for what I didn't want to do!
When life gets busy and you need a hand, these are the ladies to go to!
Courteous.
Professional.
Timely.
Reasonably priced.
They were here in less than 24 hours and were able to meet MY cleaning standards (you all don't know me, but my standards are high!).
What I really liked though were the options.
There is no 1-size-fits-all cleaning solution, and they worked with me to determine what I really needed to fit within the budget that I had.
You can get a 1-time-down-home-cleaning, or a short 2-hour-quick-clean, or a la carte!
I think this is the best.
And have you SEEN their 49-point inspection?
You need to!

Paula and her staff were outstanding.
Service was fast and professional and the price very reasonable.
I would use them again in the future and recommend them to others.
Great service!

Paula and her Crew do a thorough job of cleaning my store and entertainment facility.
Our bathrooms get quite a bit of use by 10-16yo boys and you can imagine what it may look like after that...
But they come in and clean it up - lickety-split and leave it smelling and looking Great !!!

I used Maid Pro to clean my house as I turn it into a rental home.
I researched on yelp and they had nothing but rave 5 star views and my experience totally matched that!
Everything is spotless and looks/smells great.
Carpets, hardwood floors, baseboards, cabinets all spotless.
Thank you Maid Pro for being an efficient, honest and friendly Maid service.

This is my second time using Maid Pro and both times they have done a great job.
Even with a few miscommunications regarding price (not the fault of the person cleaning the house) I am very impressed with the professionalism and flexibility with time frames.
Stephanie did an amazing job with the limited time I had for her to be at my home.
I was having it cleaned at the end of my lease to better my chances of getting my full deposit and she really paid extra attention to all of the little details that made the house look extra clean.
She had to work around movers and carpet cleaners and didn't complain or stop for anything.
The house looked great and I'm very sure that due to her efforts I will be receiving my full deposit.
If you are in need of a one time cleaning or a weekly/monthly service, I would highly recommend you give them a call.

Have used them for about 4 times.
Had an initial clean which is quite a bit more than the maintenance ones.
Then was told one rate for their 49 point checklist and that was higher than I wanted to pay so they gave me another rate for just floors, bathrooms and kitchen and that was about $50 less.
After the initial clean I was really disappointed.
Lots of things not done, streaky floors all over.
I emailed them and they came back the next day and fixed it.
Maintence cleans every other week have been pretty good, occasionally streaky floors in a few places and a few minor things missed.
This week I requested the full 49 point clean as we were having company coming.
When I saw my credit card they charged me the amount for the initial clean which is $50 more than I was told.
I called them and got nowhere.
Very frustrated right now.
And the weird thing that I tried to explain to her is that I told her the rate I was quoted when I called them to request the upgraded cleaning.
So if you use them make sure they quote you a price if you change anything rather than assuming its going to be what you were initially told.

Maidpro is the best decision I've made for myself in a long time!
As a working mother of 5 kids I could hardly find the time to pick up let alone clean my entire house!
When i come home after the girls have been there, it's like a breath of fresh air!
I tell all my friends about the detailed work they do and the reasonable prices!!
Love them!

Don't use MaidPro.
As Autie Em says in Wizard of Oz.....I'm dying to tell you what I thought of it.....and....well....being a christian woman, I can't say it!

Maidpro Gilbert has been cleaning our office for two years now.
As a business, there are many details to manage.
What I enjoy is the scheduled service with prior notice emailing and post service email follow up.
After yesterday's cleaning, the shop staff was commenting on what a good job the gal did.
That's a compliment you don't hear often from a group of working men.
I thought you would be delighted to hear this... Well done and Thank you Paula!

