I love New Look for a few reasons; their reasonably priced shoes, up to date fashion  Yes they have lots of tacky, low quality crap, but they are reliable and if i need a new top/shoes/dress then i can always find what i'm after.
So when this new shop opened recently i was a very happy bunny, but also very worried as it is a five minute walk from my office.
The shop itself is great, set over two floors they have everything i need.
The staff are super friendly, but not in a fake way.
They genuinely seem like they want to help me and have a chat with me.
I love this.
However, i'm not so keen on the greeter at the door.
I either find it intimidating or off putting to have someone in your face as you walk n the door, this does seem a tad forced and fake.
Overall, this is a great edition to Princes Street.
New Look might not be everyone's cup of tea, but they do exactly what they say on the tin.
Fun, affordable fashion with the staff to match.

I need shoes!!!
I'm not a shoe-girl.
I mean, I love shoes.
But as I often walk, quickly, everywhere I'm all about practicality.
I rarely wear heels.
So when I do, I want the pair to be perfect and to be both comfortable, fashionable, gorgeous and ones that'll last a while.
So when I need shoes, and I'm panicking, and I've scoured every other shoe shop in Edinburgh all selling high-street designer shoes, I realised that I had forgotten New Look.
School girl error.
Their shoe hall is HUGE.
Go upstairs, up the elevators, and there are more shoes than you could need for a year (or for my life time).
Flats, boots, high heels, trainers... what have you.
Yes, they're 'cheap' in terms of price and they'll probably last a season or two, but they have so many different styles, and given the price they actually ARE quite good quality.
I have one pair of heels from here that I've had for 3 years and are good as new, and a pair of flip flops that have lasted 6 years and are SO comfy (padded leather sole and thong).
I have to admit that I often shy away from cheaper fashion products as I'm convinced they'll be made with cheap material and fall apart in a matter of weeks.
SOME high street shops have sold me products like this.
I had a pair of boots from Oasis (£80) that lasted a month before there were holes at the heel that let in all the water.
Yey.
New Look shoes may be cheap, but they're good quality given the price and there are just...so...many.
New Look is my shoe savior.

living in the UK for over 7 years now, i will admit New Look is somewhat of a staple for me when it comes to clothes and shoe shopping.
there used to only be one option on princes street, in the wee spilt level shop in prince street mall which was great.
but then about a year ago a massive new shiny shop opened up on the west end of princes street and it almost felt like my shopping life was complete.
yes, New Look does have some cheap tarty items aimed toward a younger crowd than me, but it's also good for staple pieces and shoes!!
i find that New Look is great for cute dresses that i can wear to work or to meet friends for lunch or a few drinks.
they also have a fantastic assortment of cardigans of all lengths and styles that are great for wearing with jeans, dresses, or leggings.
the best part of this New Look though has to be the shoe area.
it's huge!!!
and just loads and loads of shoes to choose from.
boots, flats, heels, super high heels, any type of shoe that one will probably ever need.
best part is they are usually pretty good quality and for not loads of money.
i'm also clearly a fan of the accessories!
i can't help but have a look at the necklaces and scarves when i'm in here and usually leave with something new and sparkly to wear soon.
this shop is definitely great and a great place to shop!
the only downfall is that the queue at the tills often takes ages to move.

