Waiting in line here is slower than watching paint dry.

Waiting to get acknowledge is slower than watching paint dry.
The review from Danielle R. has it about right.
The only redeeming quality is the young man working behind the counter.
He was helping another patron when I got there.
Two other associates were doing their own thing.
I just stood there while they talked to each other and on the phone.
When the guy was finished, he helped me.

I think the best thing going for this place is it's location.
I would much rather go to Party City as they seem to have a better selection and product quality is much higher.
It's messy, and the staff was just ok.
Certainty won't go here unless I have to.

Came here to get some supplies for a party at my house.
I haven't been to other party places so I really don't have anything to compare it to.
The prices seemed reasonable and the selected was also large.
The store seemed a little dirty though and you have to look hard to find the place.
It's tucked away in the corner of the strip mall.
The inside is a lot larger than the outside appears.

I had read many negative reviews and was apprehensive about ordering balloons and chairs for my sons 1st birthday party; however, their location is right near my home and more convenient than going to Party City.
The woman who helped me with my order was very nice and listened to exactly what I wanted: 140 balloons and 15 chairs to rent.
I requested a delivery and paid in full for everything.
I was told it would be guaranteed to be there between 9-10 am.
Everything was delivered at 10:45 and the balloons were  different colors from what I ordered.
Feeling extremely frustrated at this point I called to speak to a manager and she apologized and asked how she could fix it.
The owner of the company actually was one of the people who delivered the balloons and felt awful about the mix up.
He immediately rectified the situation by calling the store and asking them to make the correct amount of balloons in the colors I had originally requested.
He told me he wanted me to be a happy customer and a return customer and was going to have the balloons delivered before the party began which they did!
Sometimes the only way to find out what a business is all about is for mistakes to occur and to watch the customer service response.
In this case I feel they did an excellent job of turning a very frustrated customer into a happy one.

I went in specifically for some birthday Mylar balloons that were all displayed on a wall.
They had a nice display with many options!
Each balloon has a number next to it so I wrote down 8 numbers of different cute "happy birthday" balloons.
They only had ONE in stock.
Horrible.
The only saving grace was the girl helping me kept apologizing.
Seriously though,, order some stock!

Worst party supply place ever.
Service is so slow, and they practically have nothing.

I really like this place.
It has many different and fun options that you won't find at Party City.
Yes the service is a little slow but it's not like gonna kill me to wait another minute or two...

Waste of time.
They don't have everything.
Not enough selections.
The prices are a lot more EXPENSIVEin comparison to party city.
Customer service are not helpful at all.
They have no idea what a arch decorative strip is and mucg more i was looking for and they all just looked so clueless.
I guess if you just need helium balloons and you are close by then maybe this place is good enough.

This is place is horrendous, it's dirty, unorganized and the employees are so rude and unhappy, I recommend to everyone to never set foot in this place!
I am a local business owner and I send out multiple packages a week, I was so excited that this place started offering the USPS store, making it more convenient for me to ship since it is in the same complex as me!
Unfortunately, the employees are awful.
They are not trained in customer service or how to do any USPS transactions.
Every time I have been there for a simple transaction it takes about 20 minutes and the employees have no idea what's going on.
It's always different prices and it takes multiple attempts of printing out receipts and postage for them to get it right.
I've complained to the "managers" on duty multiple times and have gotten a rude response about how the owner doesn't care and they aren't trained to know the USPS part of the store.
The last time I was there, a gruff lady was cussing and complaining about her job to other employees, it took her 10 min to come over and help me, when she finally did she gave me the wrong box size and after I had packed, taped and labeled it, she told me that she gave me the wrong box and that I would have to unpack it and pack it into another box!
Clueless!
I think the owner needs to step in and train the employees in customer service and how to use a cash register!!!!

I went in their looking for invitations and saw one I liked but they had only one packet.
I asked the lady behind the counter if they had any more and she gave me an attitude, and was very rude.
She did not even look in the back or help me.
I was their on June  1 st at 3 pm.
We decided to leave without purchasing anything and went to WalMart and got the same exact stuff  for 10 dollars less.
Sorry Party USA you lost a customer for good.
They have the lazy white lady who gave zero customer service.

I just got a private email from a Lola B.
Calling me a miserable person.
I just want to be treated like a normal human being and when people put me down or treat me badly, I think it is in the best interest of the consumer that they know about it.
I don't like people that are trying to manipulate me to take my post down.

Went in today to look for party favors and supplies for a baby shower.
Absolutely was not impressed.
Everything is filthy and it's all just junk.
It's dimly lit and hard to find anything.
There was not a worker in sight.
When I finally did see someone one, no "hi" or any type of acknowledgment.
Save yourself the time and go elsewhere!

