Authentic Chinese at a reasonable price.
In terms of location, it's about as good as it gets in proximity of UW.
The best dish there by far is the Xinjiang Chicken with Rice Noodles.
The warm noodles are slathered with a generous helping of spicy chicken chunks and hot peppers and even the regular size is more than enough for dinner and leftovers for the next day.
I've also had the fried rice and while it's nothing too special, it's very filling at a very low price (and works great when you're in a pinch, food and money-wise).
Be warned however that it is cash only.

Delicious, heaps of authentic Chinese food.
This is probably the only place near campus with chinese food like what you can get at a restaurant in China.
Portions are generous and taste is amazing.
I highly recommend their century egg and tofu appetizer, it's quite the acquired taste but their portion is huge and delicious.
The only thing keeping me from giving them five stars is they don't have a great selection of vegetarian food.

(Waterloo Star) serves northern Chinese cuisine for the Puritan and the homesick.
Sparse in its decor and prompt with its service, Star will satisfy your stomach if not your eyes.
Hot and sour soup ranks mid-high in my continuing quest for the best SLT on the continent.
The clay pot casseroles are specialties that will warm your heart on the coldest of days.
Generous portions are usually enough for more than one serving.
The lamb and radish casserole had a heap of tender meat on a bed of noodles, radish, tofu, mushrooms, and cabbage in tasty broth.
They also serve hot pot.
Debit or cash.

This place exceeded my expectations, considering almost all the joints I've been to in the plaza have been overall mediocre.
Their portions are absolutely huge, and for a low price too.
Since the price itself was low it did allow me to lower my standards a bit I guess...but it was still of good value.
The vegetable and tofu soup was delicious (though the tomato looked out of place...personally I prefer seaweed).
The beef fried noodles is a huge dish (if you're even only 3/4 hungry, you probably will need to pack it home), tasty, and filling.
My friend had a casserole, and she was satisfied with her results as well.
I've passed by that place at night occasionally and I always see it full.
Now I know why.

A very decent place that can satisfy all your sushi cravings.
Although quality wise it's not the great sushi restaurant you can find, it ain't half bad if you give their all-you-can-eat dinner a try.

good place to eat

I ordered a chicken with mushroom casserole.
The food tasted alright, a bit salty.
However, when I was almost done the casserole I found that there was a piece of plastic dish washing scrubber in my food!!
GROSS!!
When I complained to the owner, he didn't apologize about it and just asked me if I wanted another casserole or make the current one free.
DUHH, I was almost done the casserole dish... too full to have another one.
and who knows if there's gonna be another piece of garbage in that food.
never going there again.

This place was a big hit after it's recent renovation.
It offers clean comfortable seating and quick service.
The food is definitely one of the best Chinese food in town!
I highly recommend their xin-jiang chicken which is spicy and is served over a bed of noodles.
The prices are fair for it's proximity to campus and lunch hours can get very hectic.

Well, maybe we just picked the right dishes - but oh boy were they ever delicious!
Based on the reviews we tried the Xin Jiang chicken which apparently is actually called Dapanji and translates to Big Plate Chicken.
Yes!~!
When the platter (not plate - platter) arrived - OMG there must have been an entire chicken on it!
It is one of the delicious chicken dishes we have ever enjoyed and there was a full take out box to take home.
I assumed they made an error and ordered the large size, but no, on our bill we were charged 11.95 for the dish.
Unbelievable!!
We also ordered the eggplant with garlic sauce.
I loved every bite and it was hard to stay away from it.
My partner found it just a little sweet being used to a spicier and more savory eggplant dish.
Still it was a really great dish.
I highly recommend trying this place, especially if you are getting the Xin Jiang Chicken-  What fantastic flavor in this dish!
Service is excellent - prompt and very attentive wait staff.
Decor is casual.
We are not Chinese and don't speak the language and we had no problems at all with the service.
This could easily become one of our favorite places.

