I just moved downtown and I've been looking for a neighborhood barber shop.
I feel like I've found a great one.
They gave me an incredibly low priced cut, but it was still one of the better cuts I've had in a long time.
They were really friendly dudes who were very attentive and quick while still making you feel welcome.
Good conversation, too - which adds to that neighborhood feel.
Really nice to see a locally owned shop give such awesome service at an even better price.
I'll be going back next time I need a cut and I hope they stay open to serve the community for a long time.

Great new spot.
I work downtown.
This place is a nice break on the wallet from all the overpriced barbers in the area.
$12 haircut done right (including a straight razor clean-up)... you can't really ask for more.

I took my son in for a haircut- he had so much that needed to be cut away and was need in a new do.
The barber was friendly and understood what style I was looking for and did a very great job with details in the cut.
I came here based on reviews and do agree, (for men) if you're looking for a good cut and in the downtown area, come to this place!

My husband loved his haircut here and he is not easy to please!
He's always hesitant to try a new place, but we were visiting from out of town and we saw good reviews for this place so we gave it a shot.
Peter did a great job!
Not only did my husband like his haircut, but he had a great time as well.
Thanks!

My son and I love this place.
Always get great service.
Won't go anywhere else.

I love this place they are very friendly and the guys really take pride in their work.
Peter did my hair and beard and he did a fantastic job.
If you want a great haircut in a friendly environment chop shop is the place you want to go.

I moved to Phoenix a couple of weeks ago and have been looking for a good barber.
Coming from the Marines, and getting a haircut every Sunday at the same place, I'm used to barbers that are good, cheap and quick.
I was surprised at how expensive the barbers are here, I was used to $10-$12, coming here with a considerably lower cost of living and most places I found were charging $15+ I was a little surprised.
They definitely don't get the volume of clients that barbers around Pendleton did, so I guess I can sympathize a little bit.
Got a cut last week from another shop that had good reviews on here and I was not happy at all.
Today, I found AZ Chop Shop on yelp as well (Yelp isn't perfect but it is a great tool, especially when you are in an unfamiliar place) and decided to give them a shot.
Joe cut my hair.
He did a great job, really.
I told him what I wanted (medium skin fade, just trim the top but keep the fade tight), there was no confusion and he went to work.
I was very pleased with results.
And 12$ for a regular haircut (straight razor cleanup included) is more in line with what I am used to paying every week.
I'll be going back as a regular.

