I kept hearing about this place and finally made it there yesterday.
It's like Claire's for grown-ups.
It is THE place for accessories.
If they don't have it, you don't need it.
Prices are very reasonable as well.
My only criticism would be about the purses...
They had a big selection but the sizes seemed to be a clutch or a giant hobo bag.
Not much in between.

How can you not love Charming Charlies in general.
I love that this Tempe Marketplace location exists (now I dont have to drive to fashion Square or CenPho).
My only complaint about this location is that if youre here in the afternoon and trying to look at things on the east side of the store, the sun will blind you.
The staff here is very helpful, and thats great cuz lets face it, CC can be very overwhelming.
This is the 1st CC ive been to where I havent encountered an attitude from one of the employees.
Kudos!
Keep up the good, friendly work!

This is such a cool store and such a fun place to shop.
They have everything you want for accessories: jewelry, scarves, hats, watches, bags, wallets, glasses, the list goes on.
It's conveniently organized by colors so you can shop by what you might need to match your style or clothing and there are so many items to choose from!!
I find myself walking around the store so many times to make sure I haven't missed anything!
Now the fun part is not just the huge selection, but the prices too.
Items range from mostly $10-$30 with a few items above and below this, but it makes it affordable to try out a trend or experiment.
Very fun store!

I just reviewed the Scottsdale location of Charming Charlie last week and I thought it could not get much better than that, I was wrong!
This location is set up even better!
The Scottsdale Fashion Square location is bigger but this location is much more organized.
The Scottsdale location is not bad as far as organization goes but the clearance section is sometimes a little crazy.
This location has got it together!
Everything was put in it's own place by color and size and style, someone has really got it together at this store!
It is amazing to me that an accessory store could stay so organized.
The customer service is always great when I come to a Charming Charlie.
My cashier tonight was very friendly and just seemed happy to work there.
Just good all around!
Happy customer!

Fun accessories and colors.
Reasonably priced and a fun, upbeat atmosphere.
Total girly, girl store.

My first time here and it was great.
They have a very large, color coordinated selection.
Super friendly staff and customers actually.
I will be back for sure.
Beautiful young woman with long dark hair helped me and couldn't have been sweeter.

It's about noon on Mother's day.
There are 8 people waiting in line to check out.
One girl on the register.
Finally as more people stood in line,  another employee opens a register as I notice the floor manager just walking around!
I stood in line for over 15 minutes to return a wallet that doesn't fit a single credit card or driver's license.
I'm done with "Cheap Charlie".
Service and quality is not here.

