The Uprooted Kitchen food truck parked at the Gilbert Farmers Market today.
I hope they come back every week.
Unlike the several other food trucks that have visited and quickly given up at the farmers market, Uprooted Kitchen seems to understand two important points: 1) people want to eat breakfast (not dinner) at 8am, and 2) farmers markets are visited by people who like to eat plant-based food and not only meat-focused dishes.
The truck offers a vegetarian and vegan menu that would appeal to eaters of all types.
The had oatmeal, granola, and quinoa bowls with fruit, a tofu scramble, and a variety of breakfast and dessert baked goods.
I tried the quinoa, which was warmed and served with cinnamon and fruit (kiwi, plums, berries).
I loved it.
It had a bit of coconut milk added but almond milk was also available.
On the side was a blueberry scone.
At first I was a little put off because it was cold and not dry like the scones I've had elsewhere, but one bite reversed my impression.
It was delicious.
I'd probably never track down a food truck, but if I see them again, I'll stop for a meal.
And if we're really lucky, they'll get the Bergies coffee stand to set up next to them at future markets.

I LOVE THIS FOOD TRUCK (TRAILER), or Mabel!
Everything they serve is fantastic.
The pesto quesadilla is mine and my kids favorite.
Everyone I have brought to the truck (vegetarian or not) loves the food.
They have really added a unique element to GFM.

I LOVE The Uprooted Kitchen.
They provide some of the best tasting breakfast food that I've ever had.
They use local organic ingredients and they don't use any refined sugars.
They show that it is totally possible to have delicious vegan food without compromising taste, texture, or price.
I'm so glad that they are at Gilbert Farmers Market and I hope they grow big enough to get an actual restaurant some day!

You're probably sensing a theme in my posts--that is, where can I eat locally and healthfully but also conveniently on the go?
I'm finding some surprising options, including a new food truck, The Uprooted Kitchen, which can be found at Food Truck Fridays in Phoenix, among other locations in metro Phoenix throughout the week.
While the truck is advertised as merely vegetarian, I was happily surprised to find that all options were, or could be made, vegan.
Choosing between two tempting salads, a cheesy wrap and the veg burger was quite difficult, but in the end, I gave in to my craving for something crisp and went with the cheesy wrap, made with tapioca-based daiya cheese substitute.
(Mozzarella was also an option.
)  The "cheesy" wrap was a guilt-free comfort food.
While it felt filling and indulgent, the crisp wrap was stuffed with a wholesome medley of black beans, cauliflower, pureed butternut squash, corn, tomatoes and just a sprinkle of daiya.
The decadent but light concoction was sided with a spicy but not heavy salsa plus greens and parslane.
I will definitely be back to sample the other options on this menu.

Wow!
I was not expecting delish vegan food from a food trailer!
OMG it was soooooo good!
I had the Vegan French Toast and the grains and fruit and everything tasted AWESOME and was all very hand made!
I'm going to try to eat from this place as much as I can from now on!
If they had a restaurant nearby, I'd be there all the time!
There service was great!
They took credit which made it easier for us.
Even emailed me a receipt!
The prices are great for the quality of food as well!
I give it 2 thumbs up!

Hands down my favorite food truck EVER!
Vegetarian, vegan, and lots of gluten free options.
All the produce is grown fresh and local.
Good for breakfast or lunch/dinner.
You really can't go wrong here.
Run by an amazing husband and wife team.
Everything they make is healthy, delicious, and filling!
For breakfast, try the quinoa breakfast bowl or chickpea frittata.
My husband loves the vegan French toast (and he's a rabid carnivore).
Their scones are to die for.
I've had several of the soups on their dinner menu and they are all great too.
My only complaint is that the Uprooted Kitchen isn't open every day...and I think they need to make a cookbook too!

