This is a decent sized newer gym that is locally owned and operated.
The staff is super friendly and the equipment is nice.
They have plenty of aerobic machines too so you don't have to worry about waiting for one.
I also like that the members here REALLY working out - it's not a social dating scene like some of the larger gyms.
If you want to work out and pay a fair price to do so, I highly suggest you give this place a shot.
They offer a week pass too if you want to try before you buy.
They have 4 locations now and 3 of them offer childcare.
They don't have as many classes as the bigger guys but the classes they do have are run well.
If you need a personal trainer to get your workouts on track they got you covered there too.
This is my first month at the gym but I'm liking it a lot.
I tried another location they have at Happy Valley and although it's smaller, it's still run by a very helpful staff.

I joined but changed my mind the next day.
The contract said I could cancel within 3 days if I mailed a certified, return receipt letter to the corporate offices.
I did so.
I also went by the club and gave them a letter stating I wanted to cancel.
The initialed it and gave me a copy.
A month later I went to ask about my refund.
They told me it would take "up to" 90 days.
It's now been 90 days and I still haven't received it.
It's "buyer beware" on this one, folks.

Nice size gym - family owned.
I've been a member for 7 months and still go several times a week.
That is more than I ever did when I belonged to large chain health clubs in the past.
They have newer equipment, most of which is usually operational (none are down for too long)  I have a great personal trainer (add on to my membership) and love taking zumba classes (included in my membership)   If you are ready to take the next step to a healthier lifestyle - check out Fitness 1 at the NE corner of Union Hills and 7th Street.

I've been to a number of gyms across the valley including LA Fitness, Gold's Gym, and LifeTime Fitness and this gym is by far the best!
Everything you need without the hassle of a long term contract!
Very affordable at around $25 a month.
Friendly staff and personal training available as well.
Definitely check it out if you're looking for a new gym!

I went with this gym because of the location and price.
They have the basics and usually are not overly busy.
Don't expect any of the fancier machines (hip adduction or abduction or even a multi hip), the class schedule is nothing special, just the basic classed you'd see on a schedule...from 10 years ago.
I got a nasty surprise when I checked my bank charges today...the $19 per month I had agreed to pay has been bumped up to $29 a month without notice.
Just when you think you've found a non shady gym...

I was a ballys member for years in my 20s, and there is a huge difference between that and the membership I have at fitness one.
I signed up for personal training sessions (i think $25-$30 per session) and it is worth every penny.
My trainer is smart and keeps things interesting and works me hard every time.
They have childcare and I feel completely comfortable leaving my children with everyone that works in the daycare.
The management and head trainers remember me and my children.
I have gone to random trainers to ask them fitness questions and they are all sincere and helpful.
I really like their yoga classes, (Sayuri is awesome!
)  The equipment is newer, all the cardio machines have screens and plugins for your phones and free wifi.
They also have an nice weight machine and freeweight section.
And I don't get the meat market feeling I frequently felt at ballys.
Did I mention my husband and I have this with unlimited childcare for both my daughters for $29/month?!?!?
Yeah, worth every penny.

This is my favorite gym ever!!
The equipment is nice and there is a lot of variety.
I like how they have something for everyone.
Can't speak for the classes as I haven't been to them BUT I am sure they are wonderful.
The staff is very attentive and greets everyone that comes into the door.
I feel like the gym and locker room are always clean and well maintained.
I like the flow of this gym as well, if you are looking for a laid back gym with good equipment and good employees and an awesome contract then here you are!!
We pay $19/month for two!

Fitness one gym is an okay gym.
It's nice to have a small gym with less people.
The bad part is that it's pretty dirty.
The yoga mats are almost black and all of the equipment is cracking or broken.
I could deal with all of these things until I started getting rude comments from the staff there.
I was given a guest pass for my sister, but when I brought her in, the guy was really rude.
He tried charging us $10 for a pass that said "free" on it, then when I called him out, he was like "well we have to keep the electricity on somehow, so if she's not seriously thinking about a membership, then she needs to pay.
" How was she supposed to decide if she's never tried it before?
She didn't even think twice about a membership after that.
The other rude comment I got was when I was on a machine, a staff member said "you're going to have to start paying rent for being on that machine, you're just hanging out.
" I texted my husband while I was resting.
I didn't know I was supposed to go at his rate, or stare off into space during my rest time, which is 30-60 secs.
It seems like they're pinching pennies, and now I know why.
I wouldn't suggest this gym to anyone.
The manager is super nice though.

Well I'm reviewing this place and I have not even had the opportunity to work out there.
I called to get some info on pricing and classes.
I HATE GYMS for a couple reasons.
I don't use work out equipment I join only for the classes 2.
I don't like the pressure you get to buy a better package or a trainer.
I don't want any of that.
Some gyms are clean and some are not.
I called because this location was close to my house.
The guy on the phone was rude.
I asked at least 5 different times and he literally would not give me any pricing over the phone.
Not a range or anything.
We started going back and forth telling me I need to come in and speak with him.
Finally, after asking to speak with a manager and him telling me he was at lunch....I told him that the impression I've got over the phone was no good and I didn't know if I wanted to come in now...he said oh ok well I can tell you our packages start around $19.99 a month.
How hard was that?!
He didn't say bye he literally hung up.
Wow exceptional customer service, makes me really want to come frequent your gym...
NOT!!!!

