Mojo is a neighborhood favorite.
It's easily the best breakfast offering in North Scottsdale, and it's great for grab and go during the work week because of their 6:30 opening time.
The staff is very nice and they always greet you with a smile.
My personal favorite has got to be the mojo burrito - this isn't your run of the mill breakfast burrito.
It's a bit more than a "-berto's" burro but the ingredients are fresh, and the chicken chorizo is much more tasty than greasy pork chorizo you find in other places.
They can make just about any morning drink you would need, from iced coffee to blended fruit smoothies.
The patio is dog friendly and they even provide fresh drinking water for them.
Check this place out if you are in North Scottsdale, you won't be disappointed.

Undiscovered gem in North Scottsdale!
Just down the street, people are pushing and shoving at Starbucks.
If only they knew, a short drive up the hill is an awesome coffee joint with no waiting.
I'm not going to tell them.
I'll just wave as I drive by on my way to Mojo with a smile on my face.
This place is what it must be like if someone gives you a blank sheet of paper and says design your dream coffeehouse.
The patio is huge with comfy chairs, shade trees and umbrellas.
There's even a dog watering station.
Inside there's a variety of seating, including four leather chairs.
My only complaint are the red metal bar stools.
They are stylish but could be more comfortable.
Otherwise, the decor is cool and fresh.
The employees are friendly and go above and beyond.
My drink is an iced latte which is always made to perfection.
Something that can't be said at other places.
I also like the ham and cheese croissant, which doesn't weigh you down and feeling stuffed.
Sooner or later more people are going to discover this place so get in here now.

Great spot for coffee and conversation.

Awesome atmosphere!
Sitting in their darling bistro or outside on their patio, enjoying their delicious coffees & breakfast items was so refreshing.
Highly recommend, especially if you're out biking....
Roll on by!

The mojo burrito is amazing and the patio is very relaxing.

I want to love Mojo, special location, great feel, looks great.
Good service but.... Coffee sucks, your a morning joint you need great coffee   Please please try another brew

Great atmosphere, beautiful setting, great people that wait on you, and the food was very good.
It's like being at a resort, instead your at your local bistro.
I'll be back soon.

Nice little coffee shop & bistro!
In addition to the coffee/espresso drinks you would expect, their breakfast menu was chock full of unique dishes that all sounded really good.
I had a breakfast omelette with turkey, brie cheese, avocado, and mushrooms.. delicious!
This place works very well for "grab and go" but also has a nice sit-down area both inside and outside.

Cute place- FABULOUS apple cinnamon muffins.
Would have given it 5 stars but the prices are obnoxious!

Nice patio and atmosphere, but food is mediocre at best.
Too many other good breakfast places out there like JJ's and Soul.

Love this place and so does my dog!
Great food, giant iced lattes, and a very comfortable patio and atmosphere.
Kind of forget it is there sometimes but definitely worth remembering.

This is a great little place to get breakfast and delicious coffee.
The patio is very nice and on a beautiful day there are a few places that are as nice to sit back and relax.I have a breakfast burrito with the sweet potatoes and chicken chorizo sausage.
Every time I go there the food is consistent and the service is good.
If you're looking for a nice easy spot to grab breakfast with some good views and good service this is the place to go in north Scottsdale.
Yes there are other places that have good breakfast food, but where can you go and grab some food and then meander through the proshop on your way to the putting green.

Love this place.
Tiny little coffee shop with an upscale feeling.
The outdoor shady patio under the trees is the best place to sit and relax.
It is attached to the Grayhawk Golf clubhouse so you see lots of golfers running in an out before or after their tee times.
I gave it four stars instead of 5 because they are quick to serve the coffee or mufffins on display.
But getting an omelete takes a while.
If you aren't in a rush that's fine, but they seem to be much better staffed for the front counter than the back kitchen.

Yucky!
I had the breakfast burrito and it was NOT organic.
The cheese was too yellow and gooey to be real cheese.
They put in some pink slime in there to make it look like meat.
I also had coffee and it did not taste fresh or organic.

