I rented with them for 3 years, and they always promptly fixed everything (including a new garbage disposal and new washer dryer combo!
), and I got ALL of my deposit back (except $45 for forgetting to clean out the oven) although I did make sure to really clean my apartment before I left).
I would rent with them again if I hadn't just bought a house!
They are one of the best landlords I have had (although they do make you clean the carpets professionally before you move out)...

Found their rental ad on a zillow or trulia and received a call back from Keenan Gerson and set-up an appointment to see a house later that day.
We arrived on-time but Mr. Gerson was 15 minutes late.
Looked at the house and liked it but was very vague on answers.
He told us to just apply online.
So, I tried to do that but was not able to complete the application process after many failed attempts.
The next day I called their office and a lady answered and said that Mr. Gerson was in, then she came back on the line and told me he was not and wanted me to leave a message.
I did leave a message and never received a call back since.
Good thing because I found an awesome property elsewhere with great people showing the house.
Also, its about $35-$40 application fee for each person going to live at the house, non-refundable.
Just a heads up to all who are out there looking to use their services.

Exceptional property manager and very reasonable prices.
I highly reccomend them for any HOA management.

There is nothing these people can't screw up.
They are all nice enough but they just aren't on the ball.
I use them to manage my rental property and it is a constant struggle.
Its been 3 years and I still can't get them to call me before authorizing repairs.
Don't even get me started on their rental process, their rent collection process, or screening process.
Everything is a total clusterfuk with awful communication.
If you use them to manage your property just pray you get a dream tenant that never leaves.

mike keenan, and the whole other crooks that work at gerson realty are exactly what i said, crooks.
i never will recommended doing any type of business with these hodge  podge of so called "property managers"  lets just say they take your money and run with noooooo communication.
please save your self some time and do not even blink an eye at this company.
people and company's  like this should be put out of business!

They did their best to help me with our disaster of a tenant and transition me to a new property management company.

