Went here for 2 days with a groupon.
The hotel is very easy to find, just off the freeway.
It  is very clean, modern looking.
We had a 2 queen room.
It was very clean, the bedding was so soft and the beds were very comfortable.
The bathroom was very clean, new fixtures great water pressure.
The pool was a lot of fun.
They have an indian restaurant there but we did not go there.
The breakfast was the only sour note.
Only eggs, toast juice and coffee.
Anyway, I would definitely stay here again.
It used to be a Ramada, but recently remodeled.
I loved that it was very modern looking and so clean.
The front desk personnel were very pleasant.

This is a nice hotel that was completely renovated, not one of those where they just slap on some new paint and you can see all the old stuff showing through.
The free breakfast was a nice touch being that this is not a Holiday Inn express, however it's pretty basic.
Just eggs, sausage, toast, cereal.

Very pleased with our stay!
We only needed one night and the staff was able to accommodate us well at a great rate!
The bed was incredibly comfortable and the shower was to die for!
I literally stayed in the shower for almost 30 minutes because it was THAT amazing!
The room was very cozy and quiet.
The only downfall was that I didn't like how we were treated the next day.
Check out isn't until 11am and at 10:00, housekeeping came in to clean the room.
We told them we were finishing getting ready and packing and would be out by 11.
At 10:45, the manager/front desk worker came to our door asking if we were leaving now.
Um..
Excuse me...I have to have someone come to my door to ask us to leave even though its not even check out time?
I enjoyed the hotel and will be back, but there is no need to knock on the customers door to ask them to leave.
Not sure if it was because we got a good rate for the night or what but that was the only turn off.

Where do I begin!
First off I asked for a first floor room and she placed me on 4th floor.
No big deal but the room had a tiny bathroom.
I asked to be moved and she placed me on first floor.
Hmmm?
So I'm staying here a week with my BFF and the bathroom door won't shut and toilet seat is broken.
On the THIRD request they fixed the bathroom door.
The toilet seat is still broke.
I asked for a new one and they said "were out".
I said go to home depoe and get one.
They laughed at me.
POOR service!
Paint pealing off wall in bathroom.
I paid extra for our "free" breakfast.
I have to go to the front desk and get a coupon daily for the food.
They act like I'm a criminal for asking...
I PAID for this!
WTF?!
Food at restaurant is CRAP.
Don't even bother!!!
Bacon so thin u can see thru it, juice watered down.
Poor service again!
They advertise wi fi and that's a joke.
It either does not work or it boots you off every ten minutes.
Frustrating if your trying to keep up with work stuff.
For the money I paid I could of been at the Crowne up the street.
I won't be back.
I will be glad when we check out of this shit hole.

This is the worst Holiday Inn I have every stayed at.
Whether it was Hotels.com fault or Holiday Inns fault I'm not sure.
When I booked it was for 2 King bed suite.
When we arrived I was told that no room in the hotel has 2 king beds.
When we went to get the bedding for the pull out bed we found a package of syringes and the next day found a spoon that had obviously been used to cook heroin or crack that was left by the coffee packet.
I guess they don't really clean the rooms.
I arrived Thursday and left Sunday and could not get the manager, Angel Ortiz to call me.
If i could give negative stars I would.
The only redeeming quality was Sara at the front desk who was always apologetic and tried to do everything she could to help.

It even hurts me to give this place 1 star.
It was the absolute worst hotel stay of my life.
I was in town to watch spring training with my fiancé and his family.
There were syringes and a matching spoon in the closet of his aunt's room, parties going until 1am in the neighboring rooms and kids getting rashes from the pool.
The topper, our hotel room and another guest's were broken into and EVERYTHING was stolen!
No one could get in contact with the manager, Angel, until the next day, not even the police.
Now everything is being "referred" to the hotel's property management company, AMI.
Left messages, still no return calls or updates.
They won't even release a picture of the guy who robbed us... who was caught on their security cameras.
Ridiculous and infuriating are mild words to describe this situation!

WORST HOTEL EVER!!!
DON"T EVER STAY HERE!!!
I WISH I COULD GIVE THEM 0 STARS!!!
We stayed here for my brothers 21st b-day weekend.
We were in town for Dodger Spring Training.
In my Aunts room there was a burnt spoon for drug use.
Syringes feel out of the bed sheets and she was promised 2 king beds and only got one.
Our room smelt like stale cigarettes and the bathroom smelt like shit when you walked into.
We told the front desk and all we got was sorry we cant move you we are full.
It was LOUD and kids were running everywhere.
At 1:00am their were adults yelling in the hall way and nothing was done.
Finally we come back on Saturday night only to find my brother and his fiancés room was ran sacked.
They stole EVERYTHING.
Even the remote to the tv.
The hotel did NOTHING for them and the "on duty manager" was no where to be found.
He answered his phone once and then never again that night.
He was supposed to be in at 7am and never showed til 11:00am.
When he finally got there he was a coward and came in the back door.
He then called my brother and his fiancé to the back not wanting to deal with or face all his problems.
He told them they would run the surveillance and then when it was time he told them sorry only corporate can see it.
F U Angel Ortiz your ass should be fired.
I hope you had fun at the bar that night instead of doing your job as an "on duty manager" I will never stay at another HOLIDAY INN or anyone who is affiliated with them.
You have lost a customer.
But i know you could care less.
But dont worry the news and news paper are being contacted because video and pictures were taken at how horrible your hotel is.
Hope this saves some people from enduring the hell that we had to go through!

They  STEAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of my friend came over from China visiting me on Mar7.
He stayed in this Holliday Inn from Mar7-Mar14.
I took him to a NBA game on Mar 9 .
Phoenix VS Huston.
It was a wonderful game.
My friend's biggest American dream came true.
He had a great time in the US until Mar11 .
He left Holliday Inn in the morning around 8:30 am.
When I took him back to this Holliday Inn to his room.
He found out that his $9000.00 camera has gone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was left on the desk and also the charger was gone which was placed in his backpack side-pocket at least yard away from the camera!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Apparently, the people who stole the camera searched his room for that charger!!!!!!
I call the general manager immediately.
He came in and listened and told us he will do some investigate and will get back to us soon.
after 4 hours wait we went to the general manager's office.
His name is Angel Ortiz.
Angel told us that the technician found out ONLY two people entered that room, one was my friend the other one was the housekeeper!!!!!!!!!!!
Dah, of course.
Anyway, he told us that he need 5-24 hours to give us a answer.
But he never did.
By the time my friend checked out on Mar14, that was the last time we saw him, he told us that everything is out of his hand.
I called the Holliday Inn corporation guest relationship ton complain this .
They told me that someone will contact me no more than two day.
No one contacted me in the next two weeks.
I complained to the Holiday Inn corporation again, they told me that someone will contact me very soon.
Another week has gone!!!!!
no one contact me!!!!!!!!
I am out of my patience .
I gave them almost a month to figure out what happened because it was sooooo obviously .
But I don't known what's wrong with Holiday Inn.!!!!
Maybe they have too much business  Now it's time for people know that Holiday Inn STEAL their custom's belonging!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And they will never take care of you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SO People , DO NOT stay in HOLIDAY INN .!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you do stay there with no choice  PLEASE KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

One thing i left out.
House keeping WILL ENTER your room no matter what.
Even if you have privacy do not enter they will.
We left our Tv on Saturday and came back to it being shut off.
We then noticed a piece of paper left that said house keeping comes in for a safety check.
F U HOLIDAY INN!!
Your people are corrupt and i am sure they are in cahoots with the thieves!

They STEAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The worst hotel ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!I It hurts me a lot to give them a star!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of my friend came from China to visit mea few weeks ago.
He checked  in on Mar 7.
And we went to a NBA game, Phoenix Suns VS Huston Rockets.
His biggest American dream come true.
He had a wonderful trip in the US until on Mar 11.
He left his room around 8:30 am and I took him back to his hotel at 3:00pm, he found out his $9000.00 camera was gone.
Also the charger was in the side pocket of his backpack, which was at least a yard a way from the camera, was gone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!The people who took the camera, apparently searched his room.
We call the general manager immediately, he came, listened, then told us that he's be back with us very soon.
After 4 hours of waiting, we went into his office, he told us that the technician told us that only 2 people entered the room, one my friend, the other, the housekeeper, DUH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He told us he needed 12-15 hours for an answer, but he didn't.
By the time we checked out, on march 14th, that was the last time we saw the general manager, his name is Angel.
He told us that everything was out of his hand.
We had to complain to the Holiday Inn Corp.
Guest Relationship.
They told us someone would contact us no more than 2 days, 2 weeks later, I have to complain again because no one contacted me.
Now its been more than 3 weeks.
STILL no contact.
Now it's time for people to know what happened In HOLIDAY INN.
THEY STEAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE DO NOT stay here if you have a choice.
If you have no choice, KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN.

The worst hotel ever  Worst service in the world

BANG BANG BANG on our door at 4 am by the front desk clerk!!!
Why?
Ok, let's start at the beginning.
(UPDATE REVIEW NOTE:  Formerly a Ramada that was morphing into Holiday Inn during our stay, Nov 2011).
Phoenix has an overabundance of budget adequate chain motel/hotel rooms, and we figured this was one of them.
When we arrived the day before Thanksgiving, 2011, we found a full-on construction site, so much so that we could NOT find the way INTO the hotel.
Eventually a workman snaked our way though to an incomplete lobby and we went up to our room.
AT FIRST LOOK, this newly redecorated room looked and smelled clean, and even had a somewhat upscale interior design for a budget motel.
(This Ramada is becoming a Holiday Inn we were told).
But it was downhill after that.
The water was turned off and we did not have water until three hours after we arrived.
We turned on the air conditioner because it was in the 80's and the window does not open.
WELL, we might as well have been in an airplane test hangar because it is SO unrelentingly LOUD that you cannot hear the TV...at all...and I have great hearing.
We eventually realized that the Air Conditioner / Heat Pump individual unit, while there IS a wall thermostat, only has ONE setting and...it is HIGH.
(Lo and Med still blast at HIGH intensity).
Little by little, the fault became apparent to us...this was a cosmetic touchup, but the important things were missing like....a BATH TUB...there is no tub, just a shower with a shower head that barely yields a dribble of water....the TV is an old TUBE TV and it is blurry and scrambled and two calls to the desk (no one answers the extensions) brought no results.
Speaking of the bathroom, there is no window, no fan, and an ill-fitting toilet seat that shifts loudly to one side each time you "alight".
Many have complained about their odd shoji pocket door to the bathroom which bounces back open, and clipped - OUCH - my husband's hand twice.
As others have mentioned, there are paper thin walls APPARENTLY, because we woke up at 4 am to watch the news.
We are very conscious as we live in a condo to keep our TV down.
Nonetheless, with this HORRENDOUSLY loud wall unit air conditioner, if you want to hear the TV, you have to turn it up and we did NOT turn it up as much as we would like to, but....BANG BANG BANG on our door a few minutes after we had gotten up.
The Front Desk Clerk "lady" rudely said when I opened the door (which is freaky at 4 am) -"The neighbors complained about the noise and I could hear it all the way down the hall" - **Note to Manager: GOOD LUCK RAMADA/HOLIDAY INN when it is 110 degrees outside and people have their TV's up much louder than we did to combat the a/c on UNRELENTING HIGH setting.
Trust me, there will be multiple complaints every night.
Other reviews of this motel have mentioned the same complaints.
I was planning on telling the desk clerk when we checked out after 3 nights about some of these "constructive ideas" for their own benefit.
However, the checkout clerk looked like he was NOT open to  input (probably overdosed on complaints), so I refrained.
Basically, the Holiday Inn owners have "cheaped out" on this major remodel.
If you read this, Ramada/Holiday Inn Manager, at the very least you need to get an electrician to REWIRE the thermostat to get a  LOW FAN setting on the a/c wall unit, buy new TVs, replace the toilet seat, change out the bathroom shoji door and shoot some insulation into the walls.
And, we're just not all that picky!
(Update:  now that the reviews are stacking up for the remodeled, renamed Holiday Inn, I see the Manager hasn't taken any suggestions to heart, because I see the same complaints)

If I could give this hotel zero stars, I would.
We checked out this morning and an hour later realized we had left a pair of gold and sapphire earrings on the nightstand.
We called the hotel immediately and someone went to the room to look for them for us.
The woman at the front desk claimed the earrings were not there.
As we are 100% positive that is where we left them, the only possibility is that a staff member stole them.
Absolutely disgusted that someone would take these that belonged to my 9yo daughter, given to her by her grandmother.

ALL SHOULD STAY AWAY...    A shame I had to give this place even 1 star..  Where to start..
Seems like a decent place on-line..  from the pics doesn't it..    1st night in late-  so didn't bother requesting anything be done about the blood or vomit around and on the base of toilet as well as what seemed to be blood or make-up on the shower curtain and the wall of the shower,  my dad did go ahead down to the front desk as to provide us some bath tissue as there wasn't any..
Giant hump in the carpet in our room,  seriously like a 6 inch tall wrinkle that extended across the walking area for 4 or so feet.
It had been a long day of driving so we headed down to the restaurant and bar-  Which by the way is an Indian food restaurant...
Nothing against it at..  but if you were expecting something a little more widely appealing be forewarned-  there are quite a few other options close to here.. My dad asks the waiter..  "What kind of beer do you have..."   - "I am quoting exactly"   waiter "We have all types of beer"   Dad- Okay I will have a Guinness..    Waiter- sorry we don't have Guinness but 7-11 next door probably does,  he was laughing in jest and it was so unexpected we were too...  it quickly became the theme as my father in-law ordered a Pacifico and was told the same and my brother ordered a Coors Light and was also told the same..  flipping Coors Light right?
that is everywhere..
I ordered a Gin and Tonic and was told they had just run out of Tonic..
But 7-11 has some right...??
Why would decent management go to 7-11 and restock those items if they were out?
We all settled for something else and got out of there.
The restaurant as well as this hotel are a joke,  and clearly ran in the same management style even if they are possibly owned by different owners- seems   2nd day-  they manage to get the base of the toilet cleaned up-  but did nothing at all about the shower curtain or wall of the shower.
The in-room refrigerator dies.
3rd day-  they take the shower curtain probably to lauder-  and finally brought it back at 5pm as they must not have clean replacements.
In the morning ALL hot water in the building was out,  it has been quite awhile since I've taken a cold shower..     At check out I discuss our issues with the desk clerk who says the GM is busy right now and why don't we leave the closing of the bill "open" and the GM Remon Hanna will call me,  as in line with this place,  no call, no voicemail not a word and a week later the full charge comes through on my card,  nice!
Be prepared for a strange group of what looks like housekeeping-  it seems they have some pretty low hiring standards-  my father in-law was pretty offended at the language coming from the room next door as they were working..
He actually thought there was a fight breaking out....
It was just housekeeping,  you have to be kidding..    ALL SHOULD STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE..

On my second go at connecting with GM Remon Hanna he did return my call and compensated us for one night of our three night stay..   At least that's something...
I think I speak for all when I say we would all rather just have a great stay wherever we book...

This place is really nice.
Only 69 buck a night!
Based on all of the very crappy rating I am definitely giving 5 stars.
Holiday Inn Express should typically be a go to when looking for a place to stop.
Thankfully I used my better judgment when I saw this place rather than trusting the bull crap rating this place currently has on yelp.
My room is sweet.
Remodel has to be less than 3 yrs old.
I don't know why people are so stupid....  Really....

