Just got home from there and am itching to write a review.
We ordered 3 dishes, water boiled fish, kung pao chicken and baby bok choy with shitake mushrooms.
We really enjoyed the water boiled fish, for valley sze chuan fans, I would say it was comparable to water boiled fish at the sze chuan place at the chinese cultural center.
The bok choy was brought out on a huge plate with a nice presentation with a good serving of mushrooms in the middle.
The kung pao chicken was okay, not quite as good as the other sze chuan palace.
This place use to be a buffet so it's huge.
When you enter it may seem empty, but I promise the food will be worth the awkwardness of sitting in a huge room that is mostly empty.

Currently basking in the afterglow leftover from eating here for dinner.. A full, satisfied belly and a faint vibration coming from my lips as if they wish to continue dancing after the music has long since stopped.
Based on Stone J.
's glowing review of the water boiled fish I decided to go with that with an additional appetizer of pork dumplings in chili oil..
Both came out relatively fast and the presentation was superb (picture added).
Steaming hot, chock full of spicy kick from fresh szechuan peppercorns - I had to quickly adapt to the formidable power of this food or risk perishing in the wide open space that serves it..
I gained a sort of sick pleasure from having my nose run and my eyes water, symptoms of the intensity brewed beyond the kitchen window facing the dining area.
This filling, delicious (and seemingly pretty healthy) $18 meal was finished off with a fortune written by someone for whom English was probably not their first language, yet who clearly meant to say something along the lines of 'spread the love'...    Glad I came, will absolutely be coming back again.

so don't get me wrong the place is okay, but i mean i wouldn't travel so far for it  The place is very very spread out.
It was standard chinese restaurant service, a little better actually because it was so empty we got most of the attention.
Anyways, the food just really didn't impress me, um good thing though it didn't ruin me 4 hours later...if you know what i mean....

This place is amazing!
Tonight was my first time here at this new place!
I remembered this place when it was Chinese gourmet!
The place looks bigger now, it's more open!
I literally walked I'm dumbfounded because I was expecting to walk in to the Chinese gourmet buffet lay out!
The hostess/waitress was very nice and friendly!
She informed me that she has only been there for a month (I would not have noticed that if she did not tell me, that's how good she was!
) She was the only waitress working and she was taking care of 3 tables and got to me as soon as I walked in the door, she took my to go order and went back to her tables while waiting for my order!
I also got a free glass of water while I waited!
I am glad it is down the street from my house because I will continue to go there!

When I walked in here, I was accompanied by my friend's wife and my friend's kid (my friend had to work and all three of them happen to be white).
If only I had a sign that said, "I swear that the kid is not mine".
I think that's what prompted them to give me the white people menu.
I looked at it, laughed, and said "give me the real menu".
I took the liberty of ordering a bunch of stuff.
I got the steamed dumplings and chili oil, dan dan noodles, celery and peanuts, and bacon and green beans.
The bacon green beans were awesome.
All the food was good, but that's what the money dish was.
Get it.
I'll have to come back for the hotter chili oil options when I'm not accompanied by a 2 year old....or do I just sneak him chili oil when his parents aren't looking?
Hmm....

They have American and authentic Chinese food (2 menus).
The lunch menu is great and cheap.
You can get an entree, rice, choice of soup, salad and an egg roll for $6-$8.

Was good but not out of this world.
Saw a few college students and business folks in the restaurant so it must be consistently good food.

Middle of the road Chinese cuisine.
Nothing too special, appetizers tasted like they were from Costco.
The other dishes were just middle of the road.
Service was ok, food a little  bit cold upon arrival at the table.
Would order takeout again, but rarely.

Since Sichuan Cuisine is now closed, we were in the hunt for a new but relatively close Sichuanese restaurant.
So we turned to Yelp!
and discovered Szechuan Palace in Chandler, AZ.
The new Szechwan Palace in Chandler is as authentic as Sichuanese style fare ever gets.
Very similar to their sister restaurant in Phoenix.
Caveat:  The back half of the menu lists many not-so-authentic dishes geared towards what some might refer to as "American Chinese" food, such as beef and broccoli, etc.
There are three (3) key ingredients in Sichuanese cooking: 1.
MA:  Tongue-numbing sensation from the Chinese peppercorn.
LA:  Spicy hot heat from the chili pepper.
TANG:  Heated (hot) oil.... lots of tang.
This restaurant serves up all three in just the right proportions.
This was our first visit, so we ordered the usual:  Scallion Pancake, Chongqing Chicken,  Fish Hot Pot, Sliced Pork with Jalapenos,  Sliced Beef In Hot Chili Oil,  All were very delicious.
BTW - the Sliced Pork with Peppers is on of my personal favorites and it not on the menu - but the chef graciously whipped it up for us anyway.
It was the first dish to arrive.
Yum!
We did order General Tso's Chicken from the American Chinese Menu.
I normally don't order American Chinese food, but in all fairness, the dish was crispy and sweet.
The chicken was all white meat.
Prices were very fair.
Entrees from the dinner menu were $8 - $10.
Service was good - dishes were cleared, tea and rice were refilled.
There was a whiteboard listing daily specials - we'll try one or more of these next time.
I'll be back.
Soon.

This marks my first true tasting of Szechuan food.
I ordered two items from the traditional menu: dumpling in chili sauce and Hunan bacon.
Each were deliciously tasty, however had similar favors.
I'm guessing the Szechuan peppercorn?
The service was marginal.
I was greeted quickly however I sat at my table for about 15 minutes after I was done before the server approached me.
I wasn't in a hurry, had a book to read (came alone as the other half isn't adventurous when it comes to food) and had plenty of tea left in the pot.
Would I come back?
Definitely.

Selection of both authentic and Americanized chinese food at reasonable price.
Server was very friendly and nice.
She took our order for something that was not on the menu and had the chef cook it for us!

This location opened just 2 months ago.
We went in because we found a coupon...to our surprise it was delicious!
Honestly,  the Kung poa chicken was described from my boyfriend as probably the best he has ever had.
We also had the general tso's  chicken.
Also, a good sign is that we were the only white people in the restaurant :).
Yes, that sounds bad- but its definitely a good sign in my opinion, Lol.
It was really good.
You won't be disappointed.

(Lyrics - Teresa Teng - Tian Mi Mi -- if you don't know google classic Chinese Pop star!
)  Tian Mi Mi Your food is spicy as hot chili How shang hur kai zan chun feng li Your food is spicy as hot chili  I've wondered where on earth Where on earth I've tasted you before?
Your taste is familiar to me but I still can't remember where  Ah....in Chandler!
Shi ni...shi ni...Meng jian de jiu shi ni  Szechuan Palace is no palace by any means.
Not to say it looks dinky or dirty, but it's a mom/pop own restaurant.
Serving up classic Szechuan dishes and yes "Americanize Chinese" food too!
That was totally the highlight of the night!
Having that on the menu really tells my non-Asian friends what they have been eating at Panda Express or Pei Weis.
Yeah they're not actually Chinese food....  Szechuan food is actually very spicy and originate from Southern China.
So my expectations of spicy food was not disappointed.
We ordered some "Americanized" dishes and some traditional dishes.
Fried string beans, kung pao chicken, ma po tofu, pork belly, stir fried peppered steak, etc....Point it is we ordered a lot!
Why?
Because the prices here are dirt cheap!
I totally dig a place that has food that's not over priced because of it's location or name.
Overall, Szechuan Palace serves up some pretty good Chinese cuisine.
I personally don't care for spice, but if you need it because your life depends on it then this is a place for you.
Pretty authentic from what I know and after a few Ching Tsao, that spicy and salty tasted is well welcomed and a great combination!
- Enjoy!

We did carry-out.
We are not experts on authentic Chinese or Szechuan food, but we thoroughly enjoyed the won-tons in spicy/sour sauce, the Kung Pao Chicken, the Hunan Beef, and the pork fried rice.
Everything was delicious and seemed to be made to order.
We'll definitely be back.

Went here tonight for dinner for fathers day.
We have been looking for some authentic chinese food.
When we first walked in place was clean empty but looked nice.
The menu has two menus one authentic and other american chinese.
We ordered from the authentic side.
We started with steamed buns with pork, dan dan noddles (great), pork dumplings in chili oil.
For our meal we got the shrimp hot pot, lamb with cumin and chicken fried rice.
The lamb was delicious my fave.
Every thing was great.
Service was awesome never had a empty cup checked on us when needed not pushed.
The bill was 52 which was great for everything we got we will be going back.

Let me say that the rating was based primarily on the food, it was great.
We had the steamed pork buns, west lake beef soup, xaoshing eggplant, black bean fish filet, and hunan chili pork.
They were great, especially the steamed buns.
The portion sizes were big and the prices were very reasonable.
I would order any of them again.
What kept this from being a five star review was the service, it was bad.
When we first got there, the waitress just told us to take a seat anywhere.
There were only a few tables that had plates and silverware already on them, luckily one of them was a table of 5 for us.
After sitting there a few minutes, we just got our own menus and then waited another 5 minutes before a waitress came to get our drink order.
We placed our order for the buns and soup while still deciding on the rest.
After the drinks arrived, we placed the rest of the order and the food came out quickly.
The waitress never stopped back to ask if everything was okay (which it was), and never came back to refill our water (until checking to see if we were ready for the bill and us asking her for refills).
Also, the phone was ringing constantly and no one seemingly picked it up.
It wasn't busy at all, there were only two other tables the whole time we were there, and two waitresses working so I couldn't understand why the service was so slow.
Seems like it would be helpful to hire a host who could answer phones, seat people, and give them menus.
But we will be back because of the food, only next time, we will probably get it to go.

I've been remiss in not reviewing Szechuan Palace until now.
I've eaten here at least 4 times in the last couple months, both eat-in and take out.
As with other reviewers here, I was a fan of the now closed Szechuan Cuisine in Chandler and had to find another place for my water boiled fish fix.
I first noticed this place on my multiple trips to Ninja, formerly my favorite all-you-can-eat sushi joint, which has completely gone to hell recently, but that's another story.
Like most authentic chinese restaurants, Szechuan Palace leads a double life.
The front half of the menu is the usual overly sweet neon colored Cantonese garbage you expect to find at Panda Express.
On our first visit, we immediately turned to the back of the menu, prompting our server to remark "oh, you came here for the real stuff".
What would be the point otherwise?
The chongking chicken is every bit as good as I had in SF's chinatown.
The water boiled fish is also phenomenal.
And even when ordering to go, the portions are huge.
You can order for takeout or delivery on GrubHub (link on their website).
Extremely easy ordering system.
Only problem is takeout is ready in 10 minutes and I live more than 10 minutes away.
I've learned to live with it.

Was looking for Chinese buffet, and Siri led us here (NOT a Chinese buffet).
We stayed anyway and were not disappointed.
They have outstanding food - and good Chinese food is hard to come by.
We will definitely go back!

Very tasty.
Veggies perfectly cooked with the chicken dishes we had.
Excellent service.
Waitresses always around to see if you need anything.
We really liked the American Kung Pao.
Spicy.
They also serve it Chinese style which we have yet not tried.

Overall I have been rather happy with this place.
Have ordered for delivery a couple times and the food was always prompt, hot and as ordered.
The pricing is very reasonable, and the food actually quite good for a $6 lunch.
Minimum of $15 on all delivery orders FYI.
I personally always enjoy  a good chow mein and they make one well.
Glad to have a place so close to my house to deliver that craving of Chinese when I want!

The reviews for this place were so good I was really excited to place my take out order.
I really like vegetables so I ordered all vegetarian items and I have to say it was just, meh.
Oh well, I guess I'm still looking for that one great place for Chinese in the SE Valley.

This place was a big surprise!
We were actually going to T spot a few doors down but the place was empty.
So hubby and I decided to forget ramen, let's go Chinese!
They are good, very tasty!
Hubby ordered the MaPo Tofu.
I had the Pot stickers and Pork veggie rice cake.
Excellent

I love this place.
I have been here quite a few times and this review is long overdue.
Having been to Sichuan province, I can say this is very authentic.
To really appreciate  the true nature of the food, you should be a spice fan.
I am and the Water Boiled fish is my favorite meal.
I also think the steamed dumplings in chili oil are some the best I have had with delicate wrapping and delicious filling.
The Mao Po Tofu is quite good and my wife is a big fan of the Almond Chicken, which is not spicy but very flavorful.

Clean, gorgeous place!
Fantastic wait staff, AMAZING, AUTHENTIC CUISINE!
So impressed!
Go, go, go!

"hair on mushroom soup" I suggest you skip this dish.
And they didn't been apologize.
4 tables in the place and they still forgot about us.
This place sucks

Excellent, quiet, family-style location.
I enjoy the food and the service!

I am a recent arrival from the east coast and have not been to impressed with the Chinese food I have tried in the area, until now.
The food is excellent.
I went for lunch during the week and was really impressed with the quality and value of the lunch specials.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because of the abysmal service.

Wow I just order stir fry kidney from szechwan palace, mild by the way.
My mouth is on numb and my body on fire.
Sweating like pig.
By the way is good thing, it is being while since I found Sichuan resturant like them have in China and California

best szechwan cuisine in this town.
spicy and delicious.

We came to AZ from Utah about a year ago and spent most of that time looking for some "crispy" tasty Orange Chicken.
I had about given up.
A couple places were ok, but soggy.
Then we landed here!!
LOVE this place.
It's CLEAN, the waitresses are very pleasant.
My hubby has tried their orange chicken and curry chicken.
The hot and sour soup is addicting!!!
The rice is just perfect.
It doesn't get any better than this!!!!
We used to drive way out of our way toward Utah and go through Mesquite just to get some Chinese Food (they have a delicious place)...and thank goodness now we have found these guys.
Been going here a few months now, like every other day ha ha.
Great food.
Clean.
(and these days that is a bonus for sure!
Go here.
You won't be sorry.
PS.
Got a text from the hubby...CRAB Wontons are awesome too!!!!
yes they are!

We ordered the dumplings and the shrimp and walnut.
The shrimp comes with broccoli which is perfectly cooked for my taste.
The sauce for the dumplings is so really tasty.

A friend told me about Szechwan Palace, so I had to check it out.
WOW ... there's the Szechwan menu, the Hunan menu and the American menu.
Very extensive.
We ordered Kao Pao Chicken and seasonal vegetables (I think).
The Kao Pao Chicken was FABULOUS (and the vegetables were great).
We'll be back.
I gave 4 stars instead of 5 only because when I called to order, no one asked if I was ordering from the Asian menu or the American menu (MUCH tamer, I'm told).
So when I arrived to pick up the order it hadn't been started yet because they didn't know how spicy to make the Kao Pao.
So, if you phone order, you may want to make sure that they know which menu you're ordering from.

Reminds me of the best Chinese food I've eaten in New York and San Francisco.
Cumin spiced lamb and the ma po tofu are special favorites of mine.

What a gem!
Every time I go it is more impressive.
I am a true lover of authentic Sichuan cuisine, and this is as good as i've found outside of a China (or my favorite Mala Tang in Arlington VA).
Some must tries are Spicy Pickles (cabbage); Ma Po Tofu (ask for Ja Ma), Water Boiled Lamb (also Ja Ma), baby Bok Choy & Mushrooms.
Our kids always devour the Rice Noodles with beef.
Very nice servers.

