I love Costco gas!
The lines here were not long, and the pump fills my car quickly.
It has something to do with clean filters that are replaced frequently creating a faster flow rate than other stations.
And their prices are so cheap, cheaper than any of the other stations in the area.
I haven't had the chance to go inside this Costco, we only came here for the cheapo gas, but my other favorite thing about Costco is the free samples.
If only we could talk them into giving out some of the free samples while we are pumping our gas.
Hmmm... there's an idea.

I love this place, Staffs are very friendly, helpful and very professional.

Love this gas station.
They open until 9:30pm on week nights so you don't have to sit in line in the hot summer heat.

I love Costco but this review is for the associates in the jewelry department DURING the holidays.
Friendly, engaging, patient.
It's those things you appreciate so much and you know they take a ton from less than pleasant shoppers!

Love this location....close to where I live....friendly staff....excelent customer service.....

Costco is awesome, almost so reputedly awesome that it never occurred to me review it....because, duh, it has free samples, $1.50 jumbo hotdogs that come with a soda, cheap gas, great hummus, jumbo size bottles of vodka, pizza slices too big to fit on the plate, tubs of jelly beans and satisfying Lululemon knockoffs.
But this location, my home location, is just so friendly and welcoming.
When my twins were babies, I used to wear one on my chest and one on my bike as I marched through the store devouring the samples.
And, now 5 years later, it is the EXACT SAME adorable ladies passing out the samples.
Every week they tell me, "Wow, look how big they are!
"  (yes, we go every week).
And yes, they are big because they have been eating Costco samples their entire life!
At the end of our excursion today, I carelessly attempted to move the strawberries from my cart onto the conveyor belt using only one hand -- i should have known better, NOTHING in Costco is meant to be picked up with one hand -- and such, it resulted in many strawberries on the floor.
I felt foolish.... until I met Tim.
Tim, as it read on his name badge, came to rescue me, scooping up the strawberries and reassuring me that, "it happens all the time.
"     Hmmm, really Tim?
Sensing my doubt, he added, "it even even happened to me the other day.
"  And then he scurried back to bring me a new thing of strawberries.
Thank you, Tim.
Although I still doubt that it happened to you.
And thank you Costco, for being a staple in my life and baking the best sheet cake in the world.
One day, I will buy that Vitamix!

