In and out in 20 minutes with clean teeth!
That's all you need really.
I have quite good teeth.
Not perfect.
They're not straight.
I should have had braces but didn't (that's a different review of a different dentist back when the interwebs didn't even exist) but I have no fillings, my wisdom teeth have never reared their craggy heads, and all I need is a file and polish every 6 months.
I also don't have a phobia of dentists (apparently that's common?
)  So my review comes from the point of view of someone who just needed to register, check-up, file and polish and leave.
And for that, Citrus were good.
They're housed within the same space as Boroughloch Medical Practice (you can see my review here: ) and it has the exact same no frills, no fuss but does the job feel.
It's a simple surgery, there wasn't a queue of waiting folk at all so I was impressed by how quickly I was seen (actually on time, for the NHS that's an OMG moment right there).
The dentist was pleasant, efficient, didn't try to make conversation whilst he had his fingers in my mouth (always a plus) and it cost £10 for a file and polish.
Bye bye six months worth of constant tea drinking!
So I'm now registered and happy as Larry with cleaner teeth.
Win all round.

I see Dr Ian and as I'm still numb faced writing this I would like to say he is absolutely the most patient and caring dentist I have ever had.
I am incredibly nervous when it comes to pain ( funnily enough ) but I have never felt as though this is an issue, he is gentle and kind and puts my worries before the clock...
I would 100% recommend him as a dentist for those who have nerve issues like myself!

After moving to Scotland, I didn't know which dentist to choose so I looked on Yelp and found Citrus Dental.
I booked my first appointment last week and showed up today at my appointed time.
It was easy to register as a new patient, and I was thrilled that Citrus is on the NHS and therefore very affordable!
I had a little bit of a hard time finding this place, but Meadows Place curves so Citrus Dental (and the health clinic it's with) are along the Meadows and the higher numbers curve around away from the Meadows.
Although the building is a bit nondescript from the outside, it's nice and modern inside.
I saw the dentist Drew today and he was excellent.
I was nervous ahead of time that it would hut, but he was extremely gentle and explained exactly what he was doing to keep me fully informed throughout the dental check and then the cleaning.
I had x-rays done and couldn't believe they're only £4 on the NHS, so well worth it.
After my dental check, I had the cleaning and it was pain-free and left my teeth feeling great (and only cost £10!).
I'm really happy with my new dentist and, while I wouldn't say I'm excited for my next appointment (because who can be excited about the dentist?
), I know I'll be in good hands when I go back in six months.

