PUSH cured my hangover 100%!!
Tina did my IV it was practly painless

What a fantastic, effective solution to feeling run down and dehydrated.
Office location is esthetically very pretty and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
I definitely recommend Push to anyone seeking some recovery.
I will definitely be back.

One of the most essential places in Las Vegas if you're visiting and plan on drinking a lot.
It's definitely one of the first places I refer my clients to go to when they've partied too hard after booking bottle service with me and need to cure their hangover...
They make the best hangover IV cocktails that will make you feel 100% in no time and they best part is that they have super hot nurses in costumes to do it for you.
Trust me, try it!
You're welcome!

This place is amazing I had a bad hangover and PUSH came to me gave me an IV and a b12 shot I felt like a million bucks I also went to their location for an IV and the 3D massage chairs they have are a whole reason in itself to go there.
Place is beautiful & the owners are really great!
I def recommend this to all my friends in vegas.

I came to PUSH to receive a B12 shot.
The process was quick and painless.
Noah was very professional.
I will return again.

Worked all day in the sun at the pool and then went to Push for a B12 shot to keep me healthy!
Got treated like a princess and I recommend that everyone stop by and check out their many treatments, I know I'll be back for sure!
Super professional and top notch service!

Just received my first B12 shot from PUSH!
Great staff, stunning office, great location!
Cure your Vegas Summer Hangover with a replenishing IV.
Kick start your Sin City Vacation with a B12 shot.
Or relax in on of their amazing massage chairs, of which I am doing right now :)  Amaze.
Will highly recommend to all my friends and clients.

Fast, friendly & efficient!
I feel energized after receiving my B-12 injection!
Thank you!

Had my 1st Push experience yesterday.
I will most definitely be back.
I've been to several different places very similar to this 1 in Vegas & can honestly say Push is a giant step above them all.
Highly recommend checking this place out !!!

Push LV was professional, accommodating, and most of all NEEDED.
I bought the birthday girl their standard saline and VitaminC and she felt amazing after having partied 3days straight in Vegas.
They not only brought her back to life but the nurse was gorgeous and friendly.
An all around good experience.
I would recommend them to everyone visiting/partying in Vegas tourists or locals.
And I am definitely using them again.
Thanks Noah!

