Yay!
Lets spend hella money on our kids!
this is your typical arcade type children's area.
The games are pretty easy to win and then there's some other car,l type games as well that are a little harder to win.
The game here range anywhere because from 1 quarter of 2 dollars.
The game that my son really enjoyed was the bowling game were it's like a child bowling pins and it was 1 dollar to play per game.
you can either play single game alone or you can compete against your neighbor and whoever wins gets 21 tickets.
They have your typical carnival games here as well as skee ball and air hockey as well as other arcade games.
the reason we came to the fun dungeon was because we had tickets to tournament of kings it was a little expensive to play all the games  over and over but it all over all super fun.
if you come here just bring a ton of money and be very patient because there are kids everywhere and theyre insane!

This place used to be much funner, but I guess that's because I was a lot younger before haha.
Anyways, they don't have that 3-D motion theater anymore, have prizes that are not that appealing, and have earlier closing hours.
On the bright side, they do have a Dairy Queen where the claw machines and fountain used to be.
This is a good place for kids to play, but the area is not that big (you literally just walk in a circle) and the prices for the games have gone up from $1 to $2.

Had fun here on my last trip.
There weren't maybe people (it was as Wednesday morning,) but of those there, it was a mix of parents with very young kids, teens too young to gamble and folks my age looking for that touch of nostalgia.
We all remember playing wack-a-mole and skew-ball for afternoons as kids, and here we can still play them for 25 and 50cents, respectably.
Newer games like Deal or No Deal or upwards of a buck or two, and I'm assuming most of the competitive carnival games only run during busier weekend times, but we had a great time getting away from the crowds for an hour or so down here.

"Did I mention fun dungeon," yeah!
Don't take your kids here!
They will never stop talking about it!
You will spend all your money here trying to get tickets that add up to some tiny useless prize.
And did I mention kids wanting to come back to this place, like always.
The real trick is how to get them out of the fun dungeon without them throwing a tantrum or outright crying their heads off.
The video games are fun, you can grab an ice cream between games and you can play carnival type of games.

I have been coming to this Fun Dungeon since i was a kid.
Back in the day, they had tons of carnival type games which made the place unique and fun.
It used to have a motion machine that moved as your watched a movie screen.
Fast forward to today, not the same place :-( The motion machine has been replaced with a laser tag game and most of the carnival games are gone or replaced with arcade games.
It's still a cool place for kids and adult kids but I do miss how it used to look.
Bring back the motion machine!!!!!
Three stars because I remember what it used to be.

Your money will fly so fast.
The games are so weirdly priced,  and the prizes are a rip off... the machines kept not working and had technical difficulties on like five of them.

This is a whole lot of dungeon than fun.
I used to love this underground playland when it was still Fantasy Faire with the Little John's Snack Bar and gift shop, but now, it's just dumb.
Yes, it's just dumb.
There's no real excitement here anymore, I surveyed the games and about 67% of them were down (turned off, broken, not manned) at only 8:23PM!
(Supposedly, they're open till 10PM on Friday nights...) Games are more expensive now too, about $1-$2 per game, and the stuffed toys aren't the cutest either, they do have Despicable Me Minions and Hello Kitty, but the rest are Made in China-UHHHGLYY.
I'm just not happy with this place, upstairs in the gaming floor isn't that great either.
By the way, they took out the gift shop, Milk Jug Toss game, Basketball, and Witches' Cauldrons.
At this rate, they'll probably go without prize-winning games in the near future, just saying.
I suppose, certain hyperactive kids will enjoy this place especially if they don't know any better than spending their parents' money.
This place does get stuffy, I don't know why they won't upgrade their ventilation system instead of adding the stupid Dairy Queen/Orange Julius booth.
But, if you do need a breather, the men and women's restroom is roomy, bright, and very well ventilated.
Employees here are an absolute drag, it'll be a miracle to actually get an attendant's attention when a coin-game has no tickets without leaving your child there to stand guard at the machine.
There used to be happy-go-lucky employees at every game but now they've been replaced by emotionless beings, well okay, there's maybe a couple pleasant beings in the area.
Okay, so, this place isn't all horrible, they have one of the MOST GLORIOUS TICKET REDEMPTION CENTERS of all.
They have everything from licensed material Monopoly to mini TVs to Barbie Dolls and sports blankets, a lot of their prizes are pretty cool and not much of that lame-o plastic knickknacks.
2 stars because it went from quality fun to wallet-emptying "fun" and for doing unnecessary changes to my once, favorite arcade.
Honestly, just go to Circus Circus Midway Acts for any arcade fun, they still have a majority of the prize-winning games, it is more stuffy and smokey, but it is more fun!
Go to the Fun Dungeon to have the fun sucked out of you for more.

The first time I saw the "Fun Dungeon" sign of course I was ecstatic.
It's Vegas.
It's Excalibur.
It's a medieval theme.
Torture room.
Whips.
Chains.
Leather masks.
Wait, did they have leather masks back then?
I know leather for sure but masks?
Anyway, this is where the needle on the record goes astray with the screeching sound.
It was a dreaded  Chuck E Cheese/video game/collect tickets for fun prizes type of place.
Once I saw what type of place it was, it kind of reminded me of the Neon Boneyard Museum.
It seemed like every other video game was out of order or something didn't work right like a button or two not registering.
I found it ironic that some of the actual games that were considered classic worked better than some of the latest and greatest.
As for the employees, all of them did not seem like they wanted to be there.
Heck, I know the time I went was at 9 pm on Wednesday but come on!
It's usually not a good sign if there are more employees than actual customers.
At that point, it was just me and my 9 year old son along with another father son combo.
There were at least 6 employees working that night and some of them didn't even look like they were working.
I mean, just how many times can you wipe the cabinet of a stand up video game?
Memo to the Excalibur higher ups.
How long before you guys literally pull the plug on this place?
I know you cant really be making that much money off of it.
So right in the middle of the whole place they put in a Dairy Queen.
Huh?
Could they not think of putting anything else here that is kid appropriate?
Nevertheless, I realized that I havnt had a blizzard in quite a while so I ordered a Butterfinger Blizzard for me and my son to share.
It was pretty good like how I remembered it to be.
Fortunately, the blizzard was a pleasant surprise.
It's pretty sad if that was the only highlight of the evening that me and my son could talk about.
As for the Fun Dungeon, there was nothing fun about it.
To me, the Adventure Dome at Circus Circus is 10 times better than this place.
I only took one picture.
What I don't get is that why out of the 5 pictures posted on this business, the first three are all the same picture.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #59

My little one likes it, so I like it.
It may not be as expansive as the kid center like the one in Circus Circus,  but that one gets a little nuts and I'm not really trying hear that see.
What's real nice about it being relatively quiet is that the staff can be ultra attentive and extra friendly.
So if you're looking for a boutique-esque entertainment spot for your preschooler,  The Fun Dungeon at the Excalibur  is your ideal spot.

They had me at 25cents!
Most of the machines are 25 cents.
So awesome!
El Hubby Cakes and I have been to Vegas many times and we wanted to do something different besides walking the strip and pretending to play the slot machine to get free drinks, so I yelped the nearest arcade and Fun Dungeon came up.
Located inside the Excalibur hotel right underneath their casino.
Yeah, the decor was dated and some of the machines were old and might eat your quarters at times but that's fine with me because it's only 25 cents!
The staff are friendly and they give your money back lol.
They have other new and current machines that are 50cents to a dollar that are pretty cool too.
El Hubby and I had lot of fun.
We shed $20 and killed a good 2 hour playing and laughing *ballers!!!
*  Oh and the restrooms are clean and it wasn't too busy on a weekend, which was a good thing for us because we don't like crowds :)

The place is pretty big with lots of machines and actual games - like ring toss, ball toss, balloon popping darts, etc.
It was busy and packed with children when we went around dinner time.
I don't know if it's that busy all day, but is assume it is.
Children really have nowhere else to go in Las Vegas besides arcades.
I liked the variety of games, and most of them are twenty five cents!
Sooo appreciate that.
Did I mention I'm a sucker for arcades?
Like most places, the prizes aren't the best selection, but that's how arcades make their money.
Anyway, it's all about the thrill of playing the games and trying to win tickets!
Right?

What can I say.
The Vegas I knew and loved when I was a kid.. is now a dying breed.
Gone are the efforts to make Vegas appealing to families of all ages.. Well almost gone.
I did try and find the old stomping grounds of my childhood, and was successful at only New York, New York.
I never did make it to the Excalibur and I am sad now that I didn't.
While the token making games are few and far between.. and quite tired as it were..
The Midway style games, the ones you'd see at a carnival visiting your city, are on full display (only Circus, Circus had more in my search).
There is bottle ring toss.
There's the bucket basket toss, the pop balloon toss, and the multiple "racing" games you play against other people.
There is plenty of folks manning the stations and they are more than happy to make your stay there fun.
They have a great promotion that I almost took them up on.. that if you change 50 dollars worth of tokens, you get two midway passes for free.
Which means you get to play the prize games for free.
If I had an extra day, I'd have been all over it.
This is a fun spot to take your kids... sadly, according to laws now.. unlike in the 90's when me and my cousin's ventured out on our own.. you must now always be with your kids.

