This is such a cute salon.
Very personal and comfortable.
If you prefer a salon that makes u feel at home, this is the place for you!
Great stylists and  great service!

It's a great place to come and get your hair done very down to earth, I love it you must come and check it out!

Going downtown and seeing a building that's rather old and alone in the area, is rather scary and intimidating, and not exactly sure where to park (there's actually parking don't worry to just hop right in front), but despite that, I needed a pedicure very very bad and it was local and close.
Omg!
I am so happy that I went!
I have never been happier with a salon!
They were super friendly and the women there are fantastic!
I had a fantastic pedicure, I needed one soooooo bad and all of my callus's are gone!
I didn't think it was possible, I used to work at planet Hollywood, Paris and tropicana spas and this pedicure and the effort she put into get me what I wanted wa better than any high end spa.
I was laughing and joking the entire time and planning to continue going next for my hair which there hair brand is chi so it awesom and they are so knowledgable, and are very happy to share there knowledge with you!
Like I said you felt like a part of the family, and was fantastic and even though it was my first time going, I felt like I've been going for years.
They were very clean which is another huge thing for me.
If you want a place where there's people you don't understand, done up in Gucci clothes and quiet the whole time, then don't go, these women are real and some of the most knowledgable I've ever seen even have worked in the high end spa industry, do yourself a favor and go to Devine designs!
You won't regret it...the only negative at all is I wish they had more colors for nail polish, though they had a lot of colors, I'm super white and wanted some more bright pinks or bright springy colors.
Now go book your appointment and have a calm few hours with some great women laughing the whole way through.

I loved this place!
It was 1/2 the price of anything on the strip and the women who work there are so nice and cool.
They did a great job on my acrylic fills and the pedicure was relaxing and delightful.
This is my new staple nail salon for when I come to Vegas.

I just moved back from NYC and needed a familiar cozy nail place.
This cute spot delivered.
I felt instantly at home the second I sat in the pedicure chair.
Everyone wanted to make sure I was completely comfy.
Found my go to!
Score!

They came in to do my hair for my wedding on a Monday (which they are closed for) and it looked great!
Thank you!

Wow!
I'm so glad that I found this place it is amazing!
I recently moved from Cali and randomly decided to dye my hair for the first time EVER (Blonde ombre) and very naively went to the first random salon I came across, boy was that a mistake!
They messed my hair up really bad, it was dyed unevenly, and completely fried.
I decided to do my research this time and try to find a place on yelp that had good reviews.
Being a student on a budget, I also needed to find a place that was in my price range.
This place fit both criteria.
As soon as I entered the place I was greeted warmly and treated "like family".
The ladies made me feel right at home.
Tammy did a great job with my hair.
My hair was very long (down to my butt) but since it was so dead I just wanted to start brand new and cut it short, around shoulder length (this was a very big deal to me considering I've never in my life had short hair)  I was very nervous but Tammy and the other lady, i think the owner, made me feel safe and comfortable.
Tammy took her time and really listened to what I had to say.
After the cut I thought it couldn't get any better.
I was wrong!
I was informed on their deep conditioning treatment.
I decided to do it and so happy I did.
It turned the icky bronze color I had to the blonde I wanted and made my hair feel smooth and healthy again.
I absolutely love my hair and have not stopped getting complements.
Thank you Devine Salon!
I will definitely be returning!

Ebru and Tammy have always made me feel welcome.
I got my Johnny B gel there and she always hooks me up!
Great environment.
Go here for the best!

