Unbelievable how awesome they are!
We had been to another dance studio in Las Vegas but when this one opened up it was like the bright spot in a run down shopping plaza and we immediately noticed it(of which the plaza has improved tremendously since they opened).
We walked in, asked a lot of questions and they told us about their story time dance lessons and we were immediately sold.
We have three girls and they always seem to like something different.
Luckily for us, soulfire had ballet, our youngest loves it!
They have hip hop, our middle gets her groove on!
and they have tap, which our oldest loves so much she did it for her schools talent contest(she did one of her soulfire dances and did awesome!).
Another great thing about them that helped us out having three girls, they have year long memberships and sibling discounts so we paid for the year for all three girls entirely up front and it really helped with our extracurricular activity budget.
They also have a huge glass window so you can sit and watch the classes.
They have parent sit ins where they let you come inside the class and observe.
But hands down the best part of the whole organization is the people who run it and teach it.
We have three different teachers for each of our three classes and all three are the nicest, most patient teachers.
You can tell soulfire has a great selection process for who is working with your children, as they all really know how to handle each individual little(and sometimes big) personality.
Oh yea and one last thing that I have to mention is their birthday parties, our two oldest are two days apart so we have their party together and so this year we held it at soulfire.
For the last five years we have had our party some where different and the girls agreed that this one was the best.
They did such a great job and if I may say it- I highly recommend Miss.
Cassie to host if you are planning one with them, though I am sure they are all awesome, but she just went above and beyond to really make the day a great one.
Thank You!

Soulfire's Story Dance class is MAGICAL!
My three-year-old loves going to ballet class.
Her teacher is wonderful.
And the folks here clearly love little ones and dance (as opposed to other studios we've tried where teachers seemed bored and tired of littles).
The students enter the story dance studio through a tiny door just their size, and they are transported into 45 minutes of make-believe that incorporates dance technique AND a fairy tale or other children's story complete with costumes and props!
It is truly a GENIUS idea.
Enroll your kids for fall...you won't be dissapointed!

My 3 yr old daughter loves this school, as do I.
The teachers are amazing and I really enjoy taking her to class.
She's always excited to go.
I'm so glad we found it!
We driver 45 minutes each way to go to class and its worth it.

Isabella loves her 9:30 Wed morning Storybook dance class.
She talks about how great her teacher Miss Louisa is and I have to say I love her as well.
She has really taught the children a great deal and I have seen such improvement in skill level since she came back from maturity leave.
She has great control over the class and the children really pay attention when she is in the class room.
I will be back at the end of summer!

