Another soup/salad/sandwich place with a few twists.
It's as if OLD NAVY has styled this place with the lighting & colors, so it certainly stands out from the competition in overall vibe.
Line format moves rather fast, even with patrons who are unfamiliar with the menu.
The cheddar cauliflower soup was a bit chalky for my taste, but the tomato basil was thick & flavorful.
Ultimate grilled cheese was a letdown as it seemed to be a thinly pressed panini without much inside.
The combo seemed small in portion size and feeling hungry after a meal isn't a good thing.
The chocolate dipped strawberries are a nice touch with the meals, as was the fancy soda syrups that are complimentary with soda purchase.
Staff was very polite and tables were bussed fast.
Just wasn't thrilled about the food.
Also obnoxious sewer smell right outside the door to the south that would waff in when people exited that door.

So I've been here twice and here's what struck me...the prices are good but I would rather pay a little more and have a heartier sandwich.
Although tasty my Boston Crab was all bread and little filler.

Attended the pre-grand opening of the Desert Ridge Marketplace location today.
Very busy, order at the counter and move through the line setup.
$7.99 for choice of two items is pretty reasonable for lunch these days.
Soups are fabulous, salads a bit dull, dessert was better than expected.
Tasting samples are offered so I tried five soups before deciding:  Chicken Enchilada, Chicken Tortilla, Chicken and Sausage Gumbo, Thai Lobster Curry and Lobster Bisque.
My Thai Chicken salad was built on only iceberg lettuce, had a meager portion of meat and even skimped on the bell peppers, onions and wonton chips.
Paradise Bakery does a better job  on this type of salad.
Companion had a panini and seemed to enjoy it, but it was not a generous portion.
Finally, a mixed berry creme brulee', which was pretty good even without a caramelized sugar top.
Excellent selection of fountain drinks, crystal light and Italian sodas.
Bread included with soup was only ok, but the complimentary chocolate dipped strawberry was a very nice touch.
I will have to go back and try the other soups!

Well let me start by saying once you have been to a Sandwich/soup/salad place....seems like they are all the same.
However with that being said this new Cafe seems to be a bit different.
The wife and I visited this locale yesterday (6/16/2012) and they were celebrating there opening weekend of there new cafe in Desert Ridge.
Now of course it was extremely crowded on this day because all weekend they were giving you half off on your meal.
I do think that in the future however it will not be a problem with long lines because while the food here is excellent....there are several other locations at desert ridge to choose from for your dining pleasure.
Speaking of the food....like I said it was excellent.....and for the price it was outstanding.
I had the Turkey Avocado Panini with the Clam chowder soup and it was only 4 bucks because it was half off.
However I would definitely pay the regular price of 7.99 any day because I have never been to this type of Cafe that gives you a full sandwich..... with a nice hearty bowl of soup....... a piece of bread....and a chocolate covered strawberry...... for 8 bucks.
I know some people will complain about the size of the sandwiches....but when you consider you are getting a full sandwich...... instead of half a sandwich.... and soup I think people will quickly see how truly good a deal this is.
You can also mix and match....you can have a salad and soup....sandwich and salad....soup and sandwich.....salad and sandwich....any 2 combinations for only 7.99.....I simply think that is great.
The only reason I didn't give this locale 5 stars is because I think seating is going to be a problem here.
When and if you visit please make sure you get a booth if you can because the tables are a bit unstable because they sit on a very slick hardwood floor.
That problem will probably diminish with more foot traffic but for now just watch your step when you dine in there.
The also have free Wi-Fi which is ALWAYS a HUGE plus for me....and they even have a separate station for you to sit at to directly plug in as well (room permitting of course...LOL) .
The service is pretty good and they make the food pretty fast....so all in all I think it will be a great spot for lunch....but maybe not so much for dinner.
Let me conclude by saying that for those of you who live here in the valley in AZ and have dined at Jason's Deli.....then this place is a lot like that but with better prices and better customer service.
I highly recommend you give this place and shot and remember to Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!

Well hello Cafe Zupas, I'm glad to meet you!
Welcome to the neighborhood, I hope you will stick around.
The bbq chicken salad you created was delicious, and I especially loved the fun drink bar, which let me make my own Italian soda.
My husband liked his summer chicken salad and turkey bacon panini.
And that free chocolate covered strawberry at the end?
Awesome!
I was very satisfied after eating at Cafe Zupas.
Not too full but just right.
I appreciate new restaurants that are quick, healthy and not too expensive!

First the good: prices are very reasonable, wait-staff and servers are very friendly, the place is immaculately clean, lots of interesting salads, sandwiches and panini.
Now the negatives: our salads were mostly lettuce with very skimpy portions of the other ingredients, the turkey avocado panini was just so-so, the slice of bread that everyone receives even if you order a sandwich was pasty and very ordinary tasting.
We complained to the store manager about the salads and she comped us with a slice of chocolate cake which was delicious.
Bottom line until they get their act together, come here for dessert and go to Paradise Cafe for good sandwiches and salads.

Tried this place for the first time, The environment is fun, bright and the IPod charging station and wi-fi are the only thing I would come back for.
I ordered the BBQ chicken salad, it was all lettuce and literally a teaspoon (NOT tablespoon) of chicken pieces.
The toppings were incredibly small.
$8.00 for a bowl of lettuce isn't going to impress anyone.
I wanted to try the pesto chicken panini, but they only offer white bread, no other healthy or gluten free options.
I was excited to try this place but walked out VERY disappointed.
Won't be back or recommend to anyone until they get real!

Tried this place today for the first time.
Had a soup/salad combo.
I had the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup and the Shanghai chicken salad.
My son had the Milano panini.
I was also able to taste the mushroom soup and I plan to get that next time.
Food was good.
It was a bit disorganized.
The guy behind the counter asked me three or more times what I was having and was it for there or to go.
They have no way of writing anything down.
It's all verbal.
And I didn't get my free chocolate covered strawberry :-(

Chocolate covered strawberries with my meal as a treat?
Yes please!
I went there for the first time last week and had the Thai salad with tofu and it was very yummy.
They are quick, efficient and my pocket really likes their prices.
The only problem was that we don't have a location near my house (aawwwhhh) BUT I just found out that they are opening another location in Dana Park (Val Vista and Baseline ) wwwwweeeeee!
Do you know where you can find me for lunch in the near future??
Café Zupas!

My new favorite restaurant.
Especially when you want a very light meal, more like a snack meal.
Good service started a the door, with an employee explaining the system from step one.
#1* The choices, Create your own salad, all fresh and in front of you to pick from.
Excellent quantity and quality choices.
Good options for vegetarians and vegans.
12 signature salads.
We had the summer chicken salad.
Very balanced ingredients.
Half salad quite large.
#2* The soups, 10 choices, 4 of them vegetarian.
All looked and smelled wonderful.
The sample of Tuscan bean was excellent.
A very nice touch offering a sample.
#3* The sandwiches,  12 choices 5 cold, 7 grilled panini, 1 vegetarian.
#4* Everything else, great drink choices, make your own Italian soda station.
Great option for low sugar choices and good quality syrups.
Some of the lowest prices on drinks I've seen.
Bread also included with soup and salad.
No extra charge here.
Combo's.
Great choices.
Sandwiches and salad combo plenty for two people looking for large snack or light meal.
Desert, a chocolate covered strawberry with each meal.
YUM!
YUM!
Excellent about answering allergy questions.
They have a prepared binder of common allergens.
Very helpful, and keep me away from potential problem items.
Only one minor negative, add another vegetarian sandwich.

horrible excuse for a restaurant.
sandwkch was tasteless, chicken tenders served cold and hard, no ketchup (?
), ditsy workers.
do not waste your time.

This location is BUSY.
Full of kids.
That's the down side.
However, I cannot, literally cannot get a large enough bowl of their Thai Curry Lobster Soup.
Oh man.
I could eat that all day!

Fresh, generous portions, good flavor and all at a really great value.
The spinach salad is particularly fresh and delicious.
Everyones very nice.
We did takeout and brought it home - the AZ Desert Ridge was a little too diner feel for us, but nice for what it was.
The chicken tortilla soup is a bit salty.
Overall, well done.

Ordered a Gilled Italian with "NO Tomatoes" to go as a suggestion from one of 8 people behind the counter.
Didn't realize till I got home it was something totally different.
Food is just so-so.
I prefer paradise I think.

I liked everything about this place except for the food.
I had a grilled Panini  which consisted of ham, turkey, tomatoes and way too much honey mustard.
I thought it tasted awful.
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.
She thought it was just ok.
The person getting the soup asked me if I wanted asiago croutons with the soup, I said ok. And unknowingly agreed to be charged an additional 59 cents.
I thought it was part of the deal with the soup.
That really pissed me off when I got to the register.
Note to management - You might think you're making extra bucks with that soft upsell method but you are really losing returning customers.
Why don't you be UNFRONT AND HONEST and say "would you like some asiago croutons with the soup for an additional 59 cents?".
This place looked like they had great desserts.
A great alternative to the ice cream places around Desert Ridge.
They had an ipod/pc charging station and the seating and general vibe to the place was great.
It might be a long time before I give this place a second chance.

Great customer service.
Everyone was very friendly & helpful.
The blueberry/maple salad was awesome.
Hubby said his Italian sub was one of the best he's ever had.
Loved the chocolate strawberries.
I felt the price was very reasonable.
Also liked the flavor bar; add some peach flavor to your iced tea or vanilla to root beer.
And note: they are open weekends despite what the hours state on Yelp.

With the exception of very friendly employees, Cafe Zupas fails in pretty much every category I can think of.
It's the cheap Paradise Bakery.
If you've read any of my Paradise Bakery reviews, you'd know that's not a compliment by any means.
Whomever dreamed up the concept of this quick service restaurant really didn't think things through.
The counter is a complete cluster.
There are monitors with videos playing that blocks the menu board.
So if you don't know what you want, you need to grab a paper menu.
Pretty awkward for a first timer.
Standing in a big group of people steering at menus also was an unexpected and uncomfortable experience.
I then ordered my sandwich and a salad at the left end of the counter, navigated my way around the people waiting for soups, past the dessert counter (desserts actually looked awesome, so I'd bet they were not made on sight), then to the registers.
Retold the order I just made but was still waiting on to the cashier.
Then I had a brief wait for my food at the register.
I usually am not a big fan of the take a number system.
But that would be very helpful at this place.
Also, some sort of a ticket to hand the cashier or a register at the same place you order would be nice as well.
The food wasn't very good.
The summer chicken salad was short on toppings.
Plenty of lettuce, a decent amount of fruit, but only a few pieces of chicken.
The french bread from any nearby supermarket would have been tastier than what they offered on the side.
The chicken pesto panini wasn't very flavorful or filling.
While the entrees are cheap, you're going to have to shell out for the sides if you want a complete meal.
There are so many fast food options in the district of Desert Ridge Marketplace.
I suggest skipping Cafe Zupa.
The short walk to Paradise Bakery is worth it if you want a quick sandwich or salad.
(Did I really just say that?

Holy mother of salad goodness...I have finally found a replacement for the sadly now-closed Market Bistro.
The sandwiches are interesting and have amazingly soft bread.
The salads are fresh and generously portioned with dressings that are tasteful.
The desserts are also yummy.
This place is my new favorite and go-to at least once per week.
And for $8 that gives you a FULL sandwich and salad (which you can easily split) - paradise bakery must be freaking out!

Visited Cafe Zupas for dinner on a Saturday night.
This location is in Desert Ridge.
All in all, it was pretty good and I would go again.
Location:  Easy to find and get to.
Desert Ridge sometimes has parking problems, but that would be the case anywhere.
The restaurant was open, well-lit, and had plenty of seating.
The counter was a disaster.
Oh, it was clean, but the way that it's laid out seems like a nightmare for the poor employees, and the lack of an easy to read menu made it hard on new customers like me.
Staff:  Super friendly and helpful.
There was a young lady at the front who provided me and my wife with paper menus and offered suggestions.
The staff at the counter were also friendly, but appeared overwhelmed.
Upon leaving, multiple employees bade us farewell.
Food:  I got the chicken pesto sandwich and a half-bowl of the white bean Tuscan soup.
The sandwich was grilled panini-style and was a good size for the price.
It was tasty, but not the best; I'm not sure that if I was drafting a menu I would have a warm pesto sandwich that had sprouts on it.
The soup was awesome.
It was very hardy for a vegetarian soup and was well-seasoned.
Reminiscent of minestrone, but without the pasta.
My wife ordered the turkey bacon avodado sandwich.
She liked it, but thought that it should come with something other than honey mustard on it.
It was also panini-style.
When we ordered there was a bit of a mix-up with our order.
My sandwich was not ready, but the ever-friendly staff wrote down our description and had it delivered to us at our table.
I was half-way through my soup and the sandwich came in hot and toasty.
Oh yes, and the dessert.
They gave us chocolate covered strawberries gratis with the meal.
They were awesome.
I wish that I had more.
My wife ordered the chocolate creme brulee.
It was very tasty, but was more like chocolate pudding than creme brulee.
Overall:  The food ranged from good to very good.
The location is good.
Staff is excellent.
Cafe Zupas suffers from attempting to have a service counter that's similar to a Chipotle but lacks the proper timing to do it.
It would have been better if they had simply given us a number and brought the food to the table.
With that said, it was warm, fresh, reasonably priced, and easy to get in and out of.
I would come here again.

I found this place just in time as the weather is getting cooler and a soup and sandwich place is what one craves.
I order the turkey panini and mushroom bisque soup which were quite good.
The chocolate covered strawberry that comes with it makes for the perfect end of meal change of palette.
They seem to have a wide variety so i have to come back and try the other stuff.

I really like this place.
It's a nice way to break up the old Paradise Bakery menu with plenty of fresh offerings in the soup/salad/sandwich menu.
The combos are a way better deal than paradise...soup/sammie you get a full sammie, not a half.
I tried the spinach artichoke turkey sandwich.. really good with a yummy creamy dip like sauce on it.
The paninis are a little flat after being pressed and although it seems like you get enough meat on your sandwich, I do kind of wish the meat was placed more dainty (folded or something) and not stacked like bologna.
A few other cool things...you get a free chocolate dipped strawberry with your meal, large dessert offerings (million dollar cookie bar was WAY too sugary), and there are italian soda syrups for you to add to your coke products with suggested recipes like "rootbeer float".
The main thing I would change about this place is the staff.
They're all really nice, but there is always something weird.
While I like it when people open the door and greet me, I don't like it when they immediately try to sell me on the "soup of the month" or whatever.
Like I haven't even been in the store for ten seconds and I'm being hard-sold on my lunch.
I have also had like 3 different people try to serve me when I wasn't ready.
It's nice that they're eager, but after I worked in retail, that is one of the first things they teach you...know who has been greeted.
Also, I know this is really mean sounding, but there used to be a girl with an intensely screechy voice who greeted me at the counter and would then screechishly scream out my sandwich order to her minions.
I actually feared walking in to her taking my order the next few times (which last time was different, thankfully).
A few kinks to work out and this place would be a 5-star of a lunch getup.

We are big fans of Paradise Bakery..we eat there at least 2-3 times a week (it's down the street from us..can you blame us)?!
Much like Paradise Bakery, there is a soup and salad/sandwich combo offering.
You get a whole sandwich, AND a lovely chocolate dipped strawberry (disappointing for my husband-he really loves the cookie thing at Paradise Bakery).
I had a pulled pork sandwich (great) and the Yucatan Chicken soup (sooo good) you can even sample the soup!
How fun is that?!
My only complaint, is that it feels a tad claustrophobic at this location.
The tables are all jumbled together and there is this "recharge your device" thing in the center that is really very wasted space.
If the tables were spaced out more, I would definitely give this 4 stars.
Someone else mentioned the awkward feel of the ordering area.
I'm going to agree on that, though I felt that way with Paradise bakery.
It can feel a little chaotic when it's crowded and you're not quite sure what to do.

Having moved from Utah, where we first found this place, I was very sad to think we'd never be back to it.
We were thrilled when one opened up so close to us.
And we were not disappointed with the quality.
I usually get a combo with soup and sandwich, though I've recently switched to getting just a regular soup.
I never finish the whole sandwich and it feels like a waste to leave half of it there.
My husband's favorite sandwich is gone now, replaced by a similar-but-not-the-same option.
Not bad though.
My favorite soup by far is the chicken enchilada chili, but I've liked every other one I've tried as well.
My parents also love the place.
The chocolate covered strawberries are a wonderful touch.
I've gotten two desserts so far and they were pretty good.
Love the beverage options with the syrups - sprite with cherry and blackberry is my favorite.
I do wish the bread given with the soups seemed a little more fresh though.

It was ok......
I would much rather go to Paradise Bakery or Crackers and Co.
I ordered the lobster Thai curry soup that says it comes with fresh lobster....
I didn't see ANY in there.
It was more like a watery potato curry.
I also had a club sandwich which was pretty good, there wasnt much meat though.
The place was packed and couldn't even find someone to wipe down our table for us.... Like I said, it was ok.

I much prefer this place over Paradise or Corner Bakery.
The service is great.
You get to actually sample the soups before you try them.
Oh and the selection of soups is pretty wide I'd say.
And the fact that they give you a chocolate-dipped strawberry with your meal will always one up a fresh chocolate chip cookie any day.

I really wanted to love this place when I walked in because it smelled heavenly, the menu had a lot of options I was interested in and everyone was so helpful and friendly.
But, I was pretty disappointed with my Turkey and Avocado panini - very basic, unimpressive, pre-made with really cheap deli meat.
But, as I mentioned, the rest of the menu looked good, so I think I'll go back and give it another shot - probably sticking to vegetarian soup or salad options.

Best lunch deal around the area!
You can get a full sandwich plus soup or salad for $7.99.
They have a great selection of salads, soups and sandwiches.
You will not leave her hungry.
You also get a chocolate covered strawberry with every meal.
They offer catering too.

I really want this place to work.
It has a great concept .
and now for the but .
and I hope Cafe Zupas sees this so that they can make improvements and make this place a 5 star.
I have been here multiple times.
When I say multiple, I mean like once per week or more so I feel that my review has more weight than a person that has visited just once or twice.
First, I love the idea of the salads.
You can order a half or a whole salad.
They have salads that you can choose from or you can create your own salad that they make for you.
I have always ordered the salads that they have to choose from and I usually alter it in some way.
I have ordered half salads and whole salads.
The problem with this is that the ratio of ingredients is different in a half compared to a whole.
For instance, when you order a half salad, you get one scoop of each of whatever the ingredients are for that salad, so when you order a whole salad, you would think that you would get two scoops of each ingredient.
However, that is not the case and thus a half salad of one variety is not the same as a whole salad of the same variety because the ratios are different.
It in fact makes a whole salad seem a little lettucey (I just made up that term meaning too much lettuce).
I have had several of the sandwiches that they offer.
The pulled pork is good and a normal sized sandwich.
The ultimate grilled cheese is my sandwich of choice.
It is small, which is ok with me because I can never eat a whole sandwich at a restaurant anyway, but I think the reason they keep it small is because they intend for you to pair it up with a salad or soup.
I have never tried any of their soups.
They do have a good variety and keep a rotating special soup for a short period of time.
I live in Arizona, so soup is not something that I am eating in this heat.
I love the chocolate covered strawberry that they serve with each meal.
It is a nice ending to the meal.
However, I have had enough of these strawberries to say that they are not consistent with how deep they dip the strawberries.
Some are not even dipped half way.
That is an easy fix.
I have had a couple of their signature salads messed up.
They have forgotten some of the ingredients.
It wasn't that big of a deal when I was eating there, but when I got it to go and got home to discover they forgot the chicken, I was not happy.
I called Zupas and they said that they would give me a coupon for a free meal next time I was in, which they did.
Now, for the cleanliness .
I ate in last night and as the sun was setting, it  shown on the wall next to where I was sitting to magnify anything that was on the walls.
I was sitting in a booth.
I could not believe how dirty it was.
I looked all up and down the wall of each booth and saw that it was like that all the way down so I know they aren't cleaning the walls.
You would think that when they wipe off the tables, they would also wipe off the wall next to the tables.
It is made of a material that is easily cleaned.
Just by the way the sun was shining in, it looked like when you take a black light to a hotel bed to see all of the uncleanliness there.
It also makes you wonder how clean the kitchen is.
I will go back and I hope that they take care of a few items so that they improve and survive.

I've been to this place several times, and I have to say I like it a lot.
The concept is pretty cool: you can get half-salads/half-sandwiches and soup combos, which I like.
Favorite soup: Tuscan White Bean & Vegetable Favorite salad: pretty much all of them, to be honest.
Usually I make up my own (which I like that you can do) Favorite sandwich: Turkey Cranberry or Turkey Spinach Artichoke.
I like that everything is customizable.
It's not too fancy, and in fact a lot of it is fairly basic, but it's simple and healthy and I like it.
Kind of like Paradise Bakery.
Good atmosphere.
Will definitely continue to come back.

I love this place!
I have been there several times already.
The first time I came in there was a long line and I thought it would take awhile but they get you through in record speed.
The food is delicious.
My favorite items are the Wild Mushroom bisque soup and the Nuts About Berries salad.
The one thing that makes the experience over the top for me is how friendly the service is.
The workers have so much enthusiasm about the food and always have a huge smile on their face.
I get friendly service many other places but this is exceptionally friendly.
Can't say enough good things about the place.

Good soups and sandwiches.
Great, friendly staff.
Really liked the lobster curry.
Avocado crab melt is great.
Yucatan chicken chipotle salad was tasty.
A yummy alternative.
Good upscale fast lunch.

Located inside the food court at the front entrance.
Just look for the giant strawberry sign hanging out front.
Inside is cleverly decorated with lots of glowing colored lights in different areas.
Sort of space age cafeteria style with super friendly service.
Started when they opened the door for me and my family.
Nice!
We all took advantage of the Lunch Combo Special.
Comes with choice of two items.
Soup, Salad or Sandwich.
I went with the Wild Shroom Bisque and a Grilled Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini.
The ladies ordered an assortment of Signature Salads as well as some Soups.
Even comes with a complementary Chocolate dipped Strawberry for an extra treat.
Everything was Fresh and Tasty.
The wife and daughter really loved it.
Even the sister in law.
Maybe not the place to take a bunch of hungry men.
Give them a try.
ENJOY!

I used to love this place until I went in for my BBQ chicken salad, ate half, then found a live cockroach crawling around in the salad.
I called over there and they did nothing for me but offer me my money back!
So I brought the box over and the cockroach crawled out of the box on the counter.
I work at an office building a block away with 450 employees, which most would go to zupas for lunch.
Since they weren't taking care of a customer finding a HUGE cockroach in their salad I decided to let my whole office know about it.
They lost a lot of biz.
I hope they don't treat you the way they treated me!

I really wanted to like this place, and the pictures of their fresh salads on their website looked enticing.
So got a group of my co-workers to go for a "healthy" lunch.
Many of us ordered the combo - which I thought was a half sandwich and a cup of soup - like it is at most places.
Instead, it was a whole sandwich and bowl of soup.
So much for the healthier smaller portions.
Soups were salty.
Thai lobster curry did not have a shred of lobster meat in it.
Lunch meats used in the sandwiches were cheap and relatively tasteless.
One in our group got a salad that "tasted like fish" but contained no seafood.
They happily exchanged it, though.
But the thing that really chapped my butt was a salesperson who approached our table mid-meal and tried to sell us Silpada jewelry and have us book a party.
Apparently, management at this establishment allows that to happen, as she and another salesperson had set up their "home base" at a table at the front of the store, with catalogs and gift bags.
Let me assure you, when I am out lunching with co-workers under a time limit, I am there to enjoy their company.
The last thing I want is to be accosted by a sales presentation!
I tried to complain through Zupa's website, but they have no Contact link there for message.
Wonder why?
Thank God I didn't see the review here about the cockroach in the salad until after we got back.
No need to ever go again.

Amazing soups!
Amazing sandwiches!
Amazing desserts!
Clean, fresh, modern decor.
Love this place!
Well worth a $10 lunch.

Went here for lunch with my son & daughter as it came recommended by a teacher.
The sandwiches were drenched in a vinegar dressing which was not tasty.
My son found a hair in his salad which they exchanged for some chicken strips that were tiny.
My daughter's turkey sandwich came with an avocado mash which none of us liked.
Fresh avocado would serve Cafe Zupas well as would a different vendor for cold cuts.
The dessert was the only enjoyable menu item.
Creme brûlée

Came here to just pick up a lunch for our son who wanted their clam chowder.
The place was clean but not busy at all.
We were greeted very nicely.
We ordered the kids meal which came with a cup of soup, a cup of fruit (grapes & mandarin oranges) and we were able to pick between a chocolate covered strawberry or a slice of bread to go with the soup.
Of course the little man chose the strawberry.
It also came with a small drink, too.
Their clam chowder, I tasted, was pretty good - nice amount of clams in there.
I'd definitely come back to try out their 'adult" meals of sandwiches and salads.
The only odd thing was that they must have been overstaffed - as there were about 6 employees sitting in a booth and table right by the soda machine eating and hanging out.

We've eaten lunch there two days in a row and have enjoyed the choices they offer.
The mango salad is tasty and I tried the turkey cranberry sandwich.
Staff there is very friendly and helpful.
The place is clean and they have loads of parking.
Nice stop after a movie.

I love this place!
We have received wonderful customer service from being greeted at the door, to providing suggestions when ordering, to clearing our plates as soon as we are finished.
And all this with a smile!
Great food--always looking for that perfect big salad!
They have a lot of soup and salad options and some tasty baked goods!
The best part is every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry so you always have a sweet treat to finish off your meal.

I've been here quite a few times and they have items on the menu that sound like they'd be great, but they are just never overly impressive.
I've gotten the piña colada salad before and it's always a little dry and the lettuce isn't fresh.
All of the sandwiches are made on the same bread, it's white and very basic with no flavor.
The rolls are served cold, fresh out of the fridge with no butter or anything to put on it.
With some simple improvements and attention to detail this place could be a solid 4 stars.
But as of now this is the best I can do!

Unsanitary!
I wish I would have read the previous reviews (cockroach etc) as that would have saved us from one of the worst food experiences I've had in a long long time.
We ordered a chicken panini (in which they got it wrong and used ham) a soup which was so salty that it was inedible and finally a salad which came complete with a long blonde hair of one of the workers (we both have black hair).
After showing the hair the only response I got was a refund of just the salad.
Please avoid this as there are much better options in Desert Ridge.
Even paradise bakery is a much better option.

I've been here a couple of times, and I'm not sure why I keep going back.
The Thai chicken salad sandwich is delicious, but these people don't know how to properly make a sandwich - they pile everything in the center of the bread, leaving the edges bare.
I have to spread all the stuff out before I eat it.
I have tried about half of their soups, and none of them are great.
Something off about each one.
If I do go back I'll just stick with a sandwich.

Addicted!!
This place is as good as it gets for a soup, salad, and sandwich shop.
I have been to Zupas so many times since I first experienced it last year, some weeks I am pretty sure I went everyday for lunch and/or dinner.
During my many trips I have tried most things on the menu,  but nowadays I always get the BBQ Chicken Salad and whatever soup I am in the mood for, usually whatever is the "World Tour" soup.
I have never experienced any of the issues that I have seen in some of the reviews, and I have been here at least 100 times.
The only downside to this place is they don't have some kind of points or rewards program, cause I would really be able to cash in on that.
Definitely a place to taste and take the family.
Mine loves it!

Fast, terrific choices, yummy food.
What's not to like.
Stopped in one day in a rush on my way to Wolverine at the megaplex next day.
Wife said she loves it but I wasn't expecting much.
Color me surprised!
Salads, sandwiches, soups, deserts.
Everything looks great and everything I tried was terrific.

I really liked this place!
The food is good and the portions are standard.
Husband did t like the broccoli cheddar soup, but my chicken tortilla was yummy!
Can't go wrong w a chocolate strawberry w every meal!

I usually go to the Zupas on Camelback where everyone is always nice and friendly.
And so was this store, however the staff was so over the top and obnoxious about it I wanted to shout at them to stop and get out of my face.
Let me make a damn decision on my own.
And no means no!
What manager is pushing them to be like this?

Really like the concept and menu.
But execution is just not quite there.
Teenage girls playing chef with overflowing salty sauce on the sandwiches.
Not a healthy combination.

Am here for the first time because a friend of mine raved about it.
I think Zupas offers a good value for your money.
Where else can you get full sandwich AND soup for $7.99?
I had the Pesto Chcken grilled Panini and felt it was average.
I love bold flavors in my dishes and so for me the Panini was bland.
I have certainly had better Toetilla soup as well.
So I give the place 3 stars.

I love this place!
I ordered a salad with berries, chicken, and cinnamon almonds and it was amazing.
Everything was really fresh and reasonably priced.
You even get a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal!

I really enjoy coming to this place for lunch.
It has so many great options.
I love the sandwich and salad combo deals during the summer and during the winter the soup and sandwich one.
I love the chicken chili and the chicken pesto sandwich.
For the salads, any of the ones with fruit are really good and they are very good at customizing the amount of dressing you want or even leaving the dressing off.
All of your meals come with a chocolate covered strawberry as a treat, sweet!
Once in a while the soup is a little too salty for my taste, but I still come at least once a month.
The place gets pretty busy at noon, but if you go a little later there is plenty of tables to choose from.
Another thing that really surprised me was that they do not accept tips.

A nice choice at Desert Ridge if you're looking for something good and quick.
The sandwiches are all made to order and they're good.
They also have some very good soups but, as others have pointed out, they can be a bit salty sometimes.
If I'm in the mood for a sandwich my first choice is Paradise Bakery but Zupas is a pretty close second.

We use to go to the Desert Ridge location in Phoenix, AZ every week.
Last month we went there and my son wanted the baked chicken on the kids menu.
The menu says choose two, so I asked him what else he wanted.
He said chicken.
When I asked for double chicken the person serving said no that they had to be two different items.
I said that was dumb, it doesn't say select two different items, the sign says choose two.
I was then told it was "corporate policy.
"  Really?
Corporate policy to be down right rude to your customers about it?
Well tonight my son wanted to go back.
Dreading the trip, I fought the same battle.
To prove how shady this location is, after having the same battle, I asked for the corporate office phone number.
They REFUSED to give it to me.
Again really?
Do they not understand the Internet and power of social media?
Rather than handling the situation in a customer friendly way, they gave me a tough sh*t attitude, refused to give me the corporate number, and were very rude over all.
Let's see if they understand the power of social media and review sites now.
Unreal a company this day in age could be so rude to people...numerous times!

I have to admit to being very surprised by this place.
We went in as an afterthought and are very glad we did.
We ordered the Cuban Pork sandwich (holy crap that's good, easily on par with those at fancier places), the grilled cheese (not as good, but still tasty), clam chowder (very good), red pepper & lobster soup (amazing, but unless you love the richness of lobster, you won't be able to finish it), and some fruit (not bad, but not much variety).
The food was quick and very affordable.
Highly recommend!

My favorite lunch time quick fix!
Affordable and sooooo fresh with a roll and chocolate covered strawberry every time!!!
Yummy.
Always so bright fun and healthy at Zupas

We LOVE the food, and it's convenience.
We have been coming here since they opened and frequently get take out, but have dined in numerous times.
I am posting this as a warning to anyone getting takeout:  CHECK YOUR FOOD BEFORE YOU LEAVE.
I almost always order a whole Summer Chicken salad, and this location is AWFUL about putting the chicken in this salad for some stupid reason.
This is the FIFTH time it has happened!
I had gotten in the habit of watching them make it, and let it go this time...and now I'm eating a chicken salad with no chicken.
I called and spoke to the manager about it and all I got was a vague, sort-of, apology.
Didn't ask for my name, didn't offer a resolution, just an "Oh gee, sorry...next time you're in, ask for me and I'll make sure it gets made correctly.
"  How about just training your employees to make the salad (their JOB) correctly?!
So, food = 5 stars IF it's made right.
Service, ZERO stars if that were an option.
Not cool.

No soup for you!
My friends and I enjoy going to lunch at Zupas  Cafe.
Zupas resembles a cafeteria style with fresh salads, soups, and sandwiches.
Once you enter Zupas you are greeted at the door as an employee pass out menus to view while waiting in line.
I usually choose to create my own salad, well make that a  half salad and  it is always delicious.
My salad creation consist of iceberg lettuce, chicken, apples, cranberries, strawberries, topped with cinnamon almonds and strawberry vingerette dressing.
Oh did I mention Zupas give a piece of bread and a chocolate cover cherry with every order.
Zupas offers great value deals.
The choose 2 deal is  any sandwich, soup, or salad at a great price.
I think the sandwiches are fair but that is only because they are trumped by the delicious varieties of soup.
Zupas will let you sample all their wonderful soups before you decide.
You have to try the vegetable chowder it is amazing.
So if you want a great bowl of soup give Zupas a try.

VERY GOOD FOOD!
Soups are excellent.
Ordering is annoying...a cafeteria-style setting where you order the sandwich/salad first with one person, order the soup with another and then dessert and finally paying.
By that time, you have repeated your order to someone 3-4 times.
Suggestion to Cafe Zupas...write it down so the customer isn't constantly repeating it, which can be hard when ordering for myself and two kids.
Other than that, great place!

