Spectacular.
Beautiful.
Extravagant.
I think the Trop has finally landed itself a worthy venue.
Opening night bash was fantastic last night and the facility is stunning.
I can't wait to try the food and for warmer weather to bask in the daybeds.
The setup and design are elegantly pristine and very chic.
I can't wait to go back; I hope the food is fantastic.

Friday evening I had the privilege of dining and a preview of Bagatelle Las Vegas.
Upon arrival and before I tried the Shellfish, scallops, and other exemplary seafood, I had a chat with friend and colleague Todd Worz, Director of Operation Marketing.
Todd and I discussed at length the concept, style, and future of Bagatelle.
This would not be the first time I've heard "...we've built a sexy space that isn't a typical venue.
" Outdoor pool space - check, Supper Club, later nightclub - check, Dayclub concept - check.
This is not new.
What is new however, are a few intelligent and strategic approaches that may allow success in a city filled with carbon copies.
Worz detailed the access, or more precisely location, which can make a break a venue.
Where is Bagatelle you ask?
Bagatelle is located across the street from MGM and adjacent to the Tropicana.
A great location?
Absolutely.
Parking adjacent to the beach club without walking across an entire casino floor in a bikini?
Good idea.
Dedicated entry and Valet rather than hotel entry and trek to the venue?
Good idea.
Worz made it clear thought was a part of the design.
Mind you, design goes beyond egress.
How about two DJ booths at the pool?
The main booth large, and noticeably elevated with LEDs.
How about sand beach volleyball?
Yes, sand beach volleyball.
I seem to recall the last "Beach Club" to open in town doesn't actually have sand...strange.
Worz also reminded me of the design continuity from St. Barth's as I admired the mosaic of Audrey Hepburn.
The space features seating for 500 guests in its indoor and outdoor venue including two private dining rooms and a private outdoor dining pavilion.
The beach includes a 250-seat outdoor restaurant, beach volleyball and 18 luxury cabanas, plus, the outdoor concert venue with a capacity of more than 3,000.
The rather hidden valet needs more signage and yes, not unlike Tryst and XS there is narrow hallway of death (as I call them) leading to the restrooms, but One Group has done a very, very good job with this space.
The stark white refreshing walls, more like Hollywood than Vegas, the chandelier not plated in gold (let's not name names), and the outdoor seating that can be utilized as a real dining space alone set Bagatelle apart.
I'm very happy with what I've seen and look forward to returning soon.
Let's hope things stay quality over quantity.
A far cry from RPM and Nikki Beach, European style in Vegas, look for me at the Champagne Brunch.

I graciously had the opportunity to dine at Bagatelle during their Friends & Family event.
With high hopes being that they have several other locations nationwide as well as being a part of The One group, this was what I could only describe as a series of unfortunate events.
I do understand that this was a pre-opening event and the team was still trying to work out the kinks but some of these issues that arose could have been avoided.
My friend and I arrived for our reservation about 45 mins early being that she was able to get out of work and over to Bagatelle sooner than expected.
We checked in at the hostess stand being aware that we might not get seated until the time of our reservation.
The hostess did inform us they would try to seat us as soon as a table was available.
We waited at the bar area as instructed and were give quite a few drink tickets which we greatly appreciated.
After waiting past the time of our original reservation, watching 5 other parties get sat, many empty tables in the restaurant and asking one of the hostess' to check on our reservation, we finally decided to walk over to the hostess stand ourselves.
We were then told that the reservation didn't exist even though they had found the reservation almost an hour prior and had supposedly checked us in.
A small argument ensued amongst the hostess' and the content being each blaming the other for accidently cancelling our reservation instead of actually checking us in the first time around.
Our reservation had to be re-entered and they were able to seat us about 5 more mins after that.
After we were sat, the server for our section was assisting the table directly next to us.
Once he was done with that table, he walked away without even acknowledging that we were there.
It took about 10 mins before he finally returned giving us menus to look over and asked us what beverages we would like.
It took about another 8 mins before someone came and poured water in our glasses.
It took about another 5-10 mins before we were given bread for the table and for our server to go over the menu with us.
We were told that for the invite, we would be able to share an appetizer, order an entrée each and then dessert as well.
Because we had already looked over the menu when we were at the bar, we decided on the foie gras appetizer, I the rack of lamb and my friend the filet.
We also ordered the potatoes puree and asparagus as sides.
The food was very good however it seemed that they could work on the timing of the courses a little for future services.
It didn't take long for the appetizer to come out but we had long finished the appetizer and the plate cleared before our entrees were served.
There seemed to be at least a 15 min gap between the appetizer plate being cleared before we were given the next course.
I do not know if the kitchen was backed up being that they were probably still in the process of getting use to the menu but it seemed that if that was the case, the server could have fired the next course a little sooner so the kitchen would have that much more time to prepare.
The tables around us did seem to be receiving their courses in a more timely manner.
During the course of our meal, our water glasses were never refilled nor were we ever asked if we would like our other beverages refilled.
After we were done with the entrees, our server returned to ask us if we would like to look at the dessert menu, as we were about to respond believing that we would be able to at least share a dessert since we were told at the beginning of the meal that we would, our server proceeded to tell us that some parties were getting dessert and some were not.
And that we were one of the ones that was not going to be receiving dessert but that he would send out a chocolate plate.
We were a little dumbfounded being that we were told at the beginning of the meal that we would get dessert also because we questioned, why ask if we wanted to see the dessert menu just to tell us that we would not be allowed to order dessert?
After another 20 minutes, nothing ever came out.
Someone came by and cleared our water glasses before even checking to see if we were done with our meal.
Our server finally came back with a bill fold and thanked us for coming in.
At this point, we didn't see a reason to ask about the chocolate that was offered, paid our tip and left.
As for the ambiance, it is a very nice open floor plan.
It had many levels and seemed like a great place to see or be seen.
But, it was also almost the exact same décor as it's predecessors.
I would have like to see Bagatelle make the space their own and change things up a touch.
All and all, I do hope that our experience was not a reflection of the standards at Bagatelle.
We are considering going back after a few months to see if things are a bit more streamlined.

I just so happen to be in love with this place ....

I was at the grand opening and liked the place, Right down to the Steak Tartare and Tuna Tartare they were pretty Tasty..
I think Vegas needs a place like this, I will go back..

Beautiful space and ambiance, reminded me of St Tropez in  the summer!
The staff and the service was impecable look forward to Brunch this Sunday and the pool in the spring!

Bagatelle, how I love thee!
Your party brunches are out of this world.
Where else can I go with friends on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon and be treated to a seemingly endless flow of yummy cocktails and Champagne, delicious food (nutella french toast is my favorite!
) and an unparalleled ambiance?
Highly recommended for anyone looking for a great way to spend a Saturday or Sunday afternoon.

I have been to Bagatelle twice.
The first time was their Grand Opening on Halloween.
Some friends and I decided to check out this new spot at the Tropicana.
Their parking lot and valet services are both great and make it an easy place to get into (a nice change from all other strip restaurants and clubs!).
Bagatelle is beautiful and the venue was packed.
I felt like I was in Miami.
Everyone in the club and at the bars and dance floor were having a great time.
The guests dining also seemed to be enjoying themselves.
I only stayed for a short while on Halloween but knew that it was a place that I wanted to go back to and tell people about.
I luckily was invited by a friend a week later to a Friends & Family dinner they were having.
Dinner was wonderful.
The bread and butter presentation was one of my favorite things.
I have never had such a delicious butter at any restaurant.
We shared tuna tartare, scallops, chicken, and the truffle mashed potatoes.
The food was fantastic.
The service exceeded my expectations.
Our server was very experienced, professional, and made our experience even more fun.
We ended the evening with pumpkin creme brulee which was made to perfection.
I highly recommend Bagatelle to anyone looking for a great restaurant/ club.
I cannot wait to see what Bagatelle will offer this summer!
I took a sneak peak outside and it looks gorgeous....

I'm not a nightclub kind of gal...but I am fan of quirky and unique, and Bagatelle is both!
I was there one evening with friends and then again recently for brunch and truly enjoyed the unique atmosphere and captivating entertainment.
The space is modest and quaint with a nice outdoor area.
The drinks are varied and delicious, and being a vegan I was pleased I could eat options from the menu AND that the chef was willing to create me a veggie masterpiece.
Definitely a good time and a good vibe.

Absolutely loved the decor and vibe.
That chandelier exquisite!
I went on a Friends & Family night as well and had a super nice (and cute!
) waiter.
Overall enjoyed the food, but if you have the chance, order the chicken... best dish on the menu!!

Halloween was AMAZING.
Great crowd!
Dylan McDermott was there (enough said)!
There was also a Cirque-style performance troop there, complete with a man on stilts with a feather duster that snuck up on us a few times.
One of the performers went around table to table doing card tricks and made a card that I had placed back into the deck appear in my hand out of thin air!
Not sure how they do it, but we were all beyond entertained.

I am so happy to have Bagatelle in Las Vegas!
The renovation from the old venue to Bagatelle is amazing.
The white walls and elegant chandeliers are completely breathtaking.
I have visited the space a couple times, for the grand opening and most recently their famous Bagatelle brunch.
The atmosphere and entertainment is unlike anything that I have seen in Las Vegas.
As far as the food and cocktails, everything was AMAZING!
I especially love the beef tartare, seared scallops, truffled chicken and the nutella french toast during brunch.
I am usually not a huge fan or ordering chicken at a restaurant but Bagatelle's is quite delicious and a must order.
They have a great selection of specialty cocktails - but I just don't feel right ordering anything but champagne!
Overall, I highly recommend this place - it's the perfect place to eat, drink and later party the night away.

Dropped by on a Saturday night because we were on guestlist.
We didn't know what to expect, and didn't look up anything about the place prior to arriving.
When we got to the door, we were greeted by the promoter we had spoken with earlier and got in free with a free drink voucher!
Walking in, the venue was intriguing.
It was dim with fancy lighting on white walls and seating.
There were ..dancers?
or interestingly dressed women sitting in seats hanging from the ceiling.
It seemed we arrived at an awkward time (~10-11pm) when it was converting from dining to a nightclub.
It was kind of empty, with mid 20-30 year olds dressed to hit up a nightclub.
I don't even remember the music, so it couldn't have been very good, but not terrible either.
We all cashed in our free drink vouchers and then headed over to Tao.
Overall, experience wasn't bad, but wasn't excellent.
Perhaps we just didn't arrive at the right time, and not enough people have discovered it yet.
I may return in the future, but had a great experience at other nightclubs and would probably revisit those first.

This place is AMAZING!!!
The cirque entertainers, on par with world class cuisine quality (steak was unbelievable).
Service was incredible.
Bound to be the most popular place in Vegas very soon.

Very cool ambiance and lighting... the restaurant is definitely has a "Trendy" feel and it works.
The food was delicious... Filet was cooked well, the appetizers were tasty.. and the servers were genuinely nice.
Would be a great place to catch a evening cocktail.
Has it's own valet.
Attached to the north side of Tropicana... but with it's secluded entrance, you would never know that it is a part of the Tropicana Hotel!
(This is a good thing).

This is a place where i had high hopes.
The rating is reflected in their service not in the quality of the food or their effort when it came to the level of production produced.
The experience for a brunch is stupendous, but they need to spend as much time on training their service staff as they do on thinking about the performance art.
Music was great, food was great, but when food is not coming out right or not at the same time as the people you are eating with it all falls apart.
It could have been because it was their first Sunday so I gotta go back and give it another go.
We enjoyed ourselves to where we want to go back even though the service was a bit of a disaster.
I would still recommend going but just remember you were warned about the service.

WHEN do they EVER have the show going on??
Been there two times: dinner and was told have to go to Sunday brunch for show.
Sunday brunch today STILL NO SHOW???!!!

Sooo much fun!
A huge thank you to Melanie and One Group for comping us ladies a delicious meal!
4 heavenly courses.
I will upload some pics.
Our meal included:  -many glasses of champagne and red wine -crudites -white truffle mac & cheese -green salad -chicken breast -seared salmon -rib eye -giant ice cream sundae in a martini glass with a Sin City Cupcake on top  My favorite bites were the mac & cheese and salmon and of course dessert!
The space is so beautiful, all white decor, multi-levels and a DJ...yes I am describing a restaurant.
The vibe here is varied: it can be relaxed for an intimate dinner or more rowdy for a larger group, especially during Sunday Funday brunch!
Everything about Bagatelle screams 5 stars, but the only portion I don't like is that it is housed at Tropicana.
Luckily, Bagatelle has its OWN valet, so you don't have to go through the Trop or its casino.
Perfect.
Going back this weekend!

Not really a fan of Bagatelle restaurant.
Went last night and was able to try a number of choices on the menu.
The menu was small for entree choices, not very original and had way to many dishes that contained black truffles.
1. black truffle gnocchi 2. black truffle macaroni & cheese 3. black truffle flatbread 4. black truffle roasted chicken 5. black truffle french fries 6. black truffle mashed potatoes *there were a few more but i can't remember the others   I did like the cheese plate and foie gras appetizer.
The king crab salad which I was really excited to have was $29 and a major let down.
It was very small and had a minimal amount of king crab for the price of this salad.
Had the Chateaubriand to share and it was good.
I just feel for the price of this restaurant I would rather go to STK.

Fantastic food and great decor and music.
It's new so I understand there's a breaking in period, but our service was great anyway so not sure what everyone else is writing about.
Paired with a great wine list and it's a high recommendation from me.
Sunday brunch is a great intro to the place and then I came back with clients for dinner, which was less of a party and more elegant/fine dining for a business mtg.

Sexiest place on the strip.
Classy and sexy to the max.
The food is excellent, wine selection superb, atmosphere is stunning, staff is GORGEOUS and service is impeccable.
They know what their customers like and go out of their way to accommodate.
Next time you are in Vegas, you MUST go to Bagatelle!

Wow.
Pay attention to the poor service reviews!
I did not and subjected myself to the least attentive server I have ever experienced.
Totally put a damper on a fun girls night.
The food was very good and the place was beautiful, but we had to wait 45 minutes from the time we sat down until the time I got to take a sip of champagne.
Major buzz kill.
Over 2 hours later, our party of 3 were trying  desperately to pay our waiter and it took almost 30 minutes to get squared away.
Won't be returning and not sure if this place will make it.

Excellent restaurant.
Worth finding in Las Vegas!

We went on a Thursday for the ladies night dinner, where the first 100 ladies eat free.
One of my friends is a promoter there so my review might be a little biased because we received special attention.
There were 8 of us and we were seated right away right in the middle of the action.
The comp dinner menu is set so you can't really choose what you want to eat.
The Good: Coeur de Laitue (so simple yet so tasty), charcuterie plate, salmon, flat iron steak The Bad: Tuna Tartar The Ugly: Beef tartar.
This was truly disgusting.
The decor is elegant and reminds of an old school supper club like the ones you would see in the movies.
There's a lot of white and crystals.
There is a DJ who spins house music that surprisingly compliments the dinner well.
The only thing I didn't like is that as the evening went on, the music got louder and louder to the point where you couldn't have a conversation with the person next to you without shouting at the top of your lungs.
The best part of the night are the random acts that perform throughout the restaurant, which include gogo dancers, hula hoop girl, fan girl, roller skater girl, and a couple that does a spicy salsa number in the middle of the restaurant.
All in all it was a fun night and the food and service were good.

A friend of mine is a promoter for this place, so when she offered a free 3 course dinner I was in!
The deal was free for ladies, and $34.99 for men.
This included a salad with butter lettuce, parm chz, and a very unique house dressing.
A skirt steak and salmon with sides of mash n green beans.
Then finish with a mini creme brûlée.
I am super weary about pre-fix menus anywhere.
I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food.
My only real complaint is that I asked for lemons 3 times before they were brought.
The salmon was 10x better with em.
This place is considered a supper club and I was not quite sure what that entailed.
There was a DJ spinning dance classics from all eras.
As well as a fashion show that looked like it was straight out Madonna's closet.
From burlesque to 80's hooker.
There was a singer who was a mix of Nora Jones and Amy Winehouse.
She was decent.
The overall ambiance and setting was beautiful and entertaining.
However there is a con, my "free dinner" ended up being almost $300.
We were offered a free drink.
Well we had a party of 6 and only got 5 comp drinks.
And they were only good for wells, so all the cool classic cocktails they offer like the amazing jalapeño cucumber mint martini- AINT free.
My reservation was at 9.
And I was also given 2-4-1 drink tix.
Couldn't use those either cuz they are only valid til 10.
AND I wasn't able to use my free champagne with check in for whatever reason.
BASICALLY there is no way you're getting FREE dinner and drinks.
I really liked this place.
I wish they'd consider a locals menu even if it was only offered Thursday nights such as this dinner.
If drinks were half off for locals and our tab only came to $150, I'd return for sure!
Also, in other reviews people were saying the service wasn't good and they were not quick enough.
I def waited in between courses, but my service was great and I enjoyed the "supper club" aspect of it.
I think the 2 hour dinner was part of the experience.
We got a show, and a gift bag which included make up brushes and a compact mirror.
(Which totally broke but was cute)  Our promoter/friend/host was able to stop by our table and make sure we were happy.
It was all very nice.
I even like how 11pm hits and the dance music turns into base pounding hiphop.
Had a blast and hope they read these reviews and consider pleasing locals 1x per week versus stuffing there well stuffed pockets.

This review is based on the infamous Ladies Night on Thursdays.
I was invited by a friend who had a friend as a promoter like the last two girls did.
However, we did not receive special attention really.
The night consists of the appetizer which was this pretty good bread with a ricotta spread.
My second favorite thing of the courses.
Next was the salad, which was just spinach leaves and vinegar dressing.
Not something I would eat because it was a little too boring for me.
Than came the entree of green beans, mash potatoes (the had some other fancy name), and then a dish of steak and fish.
Salmon I think.
I do not eat fish, but my friends said it was not cooked or something.
They love fish and couldn't even eat it.
The steak was really and my favorite of the whole night was the mash potatoes.
Those were good.
Finally was the dessert which was creme brulee, which was awful.
They burnt the brown sugar on stop of it.
It was hard and nasty.
The rest of it just was not good at all to me.
I like the atmosphere of the place, but the sound is terrible.
I could not hear my friends, who were sitting right next to me.
The band was good, but it was way too loud.
I am yelling at people just to have a conversation.
I hate that in a place.
I get if its a club or some place that is suppose to be loud, but when it not it is just unnecessary.
The staff was good.
They refilled our drinks when needed, gave me a new napkin cloth after ever course, and made sure we were doing good.
Overall, I just was not impressed.
Maybe if I go on a different night than ladies night, but I think it would be too expensive for my taste anyway.

Okay I went here twice.
First time for the New Years 13' which was okay, but they advertised that Robin Thicke was supposed to sing.
He did 1 1/2 songs, dressed like he just came from shopping at Target.
Anyways, the atmosphere is sexy, upscale, nice.
Went back recently to celebrate a friends birthday.
OMG!
The service was a hot mess, the server kept messing up everyone's orders.
He messed up the ticket so bad he had to comp half the meal.
The food was meh, the music too loud to hold a conversation while eating.
Its turns into a nightclub at some point.
However, this is a good place to have a drink and do a few two steps.
I won't be going back for a while, especially to eat.

I came here for a ladies night event which was on a Thursday .
My meal was free but the men paid $34.99 each for a pre fix meal.
If you want to participate in their ladies night it is best to sign up for their news letter.
The first 100 women who replied to the email got the free dinner.
We started with the heart of lettuce salad which looked plain when it came to the table but it was so good!
The dressing was some sort of Dijon Vinaigrette which was really tasty.
They served these little pieces of warm bread with the salad.
Simple but delicious!
We noticed that the portions were a little small so we ordered a Truffle Flat Bread as an appetizer.
It was delish and the cheese was gooey!
Loved it!
The prefix meals came out it was a combination of skirt steak and salmon.
There were two sides of vegetables which was asparagus and green beans.The veggies were cooked just how I like them... crispy.
The mashed potatoes were awesome!
They had some type of buttery after taste to them.
The skirt steak was nothing special.
I liked the salmon better which says a lot because I typically don't like salmon.
It melted in your mouth.
It didn't taste fishy.
It was perfection!
We ended the night with mini creme brulees.
They forgot to bring my husband's out so I just shared mine with him.
It was good but tiny.
They had big pictures of movie starlets like Audrey Hepburn , Bridget Bardot, and Marylin Monroe adorning the walls with white table clothes draped over each table.
I also loved the plates with their little logo on it.
Very cute!
I wouldn't suggest you come here if you are looking for big portions or food that looks like art.
The food is very simple.
Overall it was a good experience and I had a lot of fun!

Came for brunch at noon on a Sunday.
Not completely sure I was at a restaurant or a bordello.
This place is all about the scene and being seen rather than food...even during the daytime.
If you want your hangover extended or if your Saturday night was not long enough, this is the Brunch place for you.
Obscenely loud music, skimpily dress women or men in drag (I can't tell the difference) dancing on the ledges while eating your bacon and eggs and sipping coffee and Bloody Mary.
Not my cup of tea, but certainly entertaining to some.
Surprisingly the waiters/waitresses were all very polite and attentive, and got our orders correct and continually filled our drinks.
The Bagatelle eggs were decent, maybe even above par, but my husband's croque madame was like a dry ham and cheese sandwich.
The bread was unbuttered and over toasted, the fried egg was not oozy, and the "truffle" bechamel sauce was lacking, which is why it was dry.
The basic Moet I can find at CVS for $8.00/bottle was going for $16.00/glass, again it is all apart of attracting 21 year olds to spend like older sophisticated rich kids with money to burn on ordinary alcohol and ok food.
One unacceptable observations was the multiple holes in the "leather"  dining benches.
If Bagatelle just opened in 11/2012 then I would expect the upholstery to be in fairly good condition just 3 months later whether this restaurant was refurbished or not.
Could it be the "wild" crazy drunk girls stepping on the leather/pleather benches with their stiletto heels to dance on the ledge?
Yeah, not my type of place, especially for brunch.
Too bad this place caters perfectly to the barely legal vacationing young that really don't have the money for this but are on vacation and will spend because they won't be back anytime soon.
A scene in which to be seen, but lacking true substance to last.

Since I had such an awesome time with some girls here the last time that I came for a comp dinner, my friend and I decided to do another girls comp dinner for our birthdays.
This time around I was sorely disappointed.
Maybe it was because the last dinner I was at, some of the people in our group knew people who worked there.
Whatever the reason, we did not get nearly the same attention this time around and the portions were so skimpy that some of the girls had to get bar food when we were done.
The last few times I was here, we got so much food we couldn't even finish it.
This time, it was like, 2 bites per person.
The food is actually pretty good, otherwise I would've given it 2 stars.
The steak was tender and the salmon was perfectly cooked.
I was also sad that they didn't bring us the martini glass dessert since it was a birthday thing, but it was free, so oh well.
Another thing that was really annoying was that I knew one of the bartenders, and I asked him if he could get us a round of shots, which he usually does when we've been there in the past.
While he was getting our shots, our server told us our first round of drinks was free and he took everyone's orders.
At the end of the night, he gave us a bill for the drinks and said that the shots my bartender friend got us counted as the first round of free drinks.
I felt that was wrong since he didn't tell us from the beginning.
However, the manager Griffin did give us each a glass of champagne, so that was good too, except the last time I was here for ladies night the champagne was complimentary and kept coming all night!
I guess the key to getting a really good comp dinner here is to go with VIPs, otherwise you're just getting a really small free meal.
Definitely not birthday dinner status.

It's me and my bestfriends birthday!
We wanna do a girls comp dinner somewhere... Bagatelle it is!
It's eight of us girls.
We are seated at a round table and two of us decide to go to the bar to get some drinks.
We asked if they still do the first round of drinks for free?
He said Yes.
So we got eight delicious shots and back to our table to down them.
Our server delivered drinks to the other girls while we were gone and then I ordered a drink and he promptly delivered them.
Dinner service started... Bagatelle salad - pretty much giant lettuce leaves with some type of vinaigrette.
Flank steak and salmon for entrees and mashed potatoes and hericot verts for sides.
So there are eight of us girls, and for the flank steak and the salmon, there are four pieces each.
So we all just split everything...
This was my first time here for comp dinner but someone within our group had been here several times before and said the had always gotten A LOT more food than what we had just been served.
It was all GOOD though, tasty, but I could have had more!
We did have a vegetarian among us though and the chef did accommodate her and brought out a vegetarian risotto dish that was pretty freakin' good too!
Oh and of course I checked in on YELP and a check in offer popped up for a free glass of bubbly!
I asked our server Martin about it and he said he would ask his manager.
Griffin came over and I showed him the check in and asked him if he would honor that?
I know we are getting a comp'd dinner, but it doesn't hurt to ask!
He was very nice and said that was cool and then we all got a glass of the bubbles!
For dessert we had little tiny creme brulees.
Not very much flavor involved, and I think they torched the tops of them a little too much but whatever - we scarfed those down.
Time to check out with our server and head to Ellis Island....
The bill comes and it is $89.
Apparently there was some misunderstanding about drinks... We had ordered those shots from the bar and I guess the bartender had transferred those over to our tab and then we had ordered a round of drinks but thought our server had said those were comp'd but only the shots got comp'd.
It's not that we didn't want to pay for drinks or anything, it's just that when you think something is taken care of and then it ISN'T we're like WTF???
Not a big deal anyway, we paid and hooked our server up and then we on our merry little ways to... Ellis Island!
Would I come back here?
Yes, but either with less people or a better understanding of what and how much they are actually going to serve us!
The staff was all VERY nice and service was good and we had a lot of fun!

8 girls + 2 birthdays = 1 comped dinner  with tax and tip came to about $25/per lady   PROS:  Valet: They have their own valet separate from the main Tropicana valet so you don't have to walk through the casino.
Decor: Very pretty with lots of white and chandeliers everywhere  Food: _Salad: Simple, I enjoyed the butter lettuce           _Steak & Salmon: cooked perfectly           _ Green Beans: standard           _Mashed Potatoes: very finely mashed.
I liked it.
_Creme brulee: the top was a little too bitter/burnt  Service: Good!
Martin, our server, and the server's assistant and food runner were all polite.
They also accommodated to the vegetarian of the group and brought out a veggie risotto for her..  Free bubbly: The manager, Griffin, honored the free Yelp bubbly check in even though we were getting a comped dinner..
Props to Jenny D. for batting her long REAL lashes haha  CONS: Empty: There were like 2 other tables besides us.
Portions: SMALL this was our biggest complaint!
We shared 4 medallions of steak & 4 pieces of salmon between 8 girls.
It left us wanting more and not in a good way... Family style: It would look nice if they presented the food in a nicer way rather than family style.
Comped drinks: a round of comped well drinks is included with dinner..
The 2 birthday girls went to the bar and brought us what they had thought to have been a free round from the bartender.. Then the server took our orders for our "comped well drinks.
" At the end of the meal he gave us a bill for $90.
We were so confused.
Turns out they counted the shots as our "comped well drinks" and charged us for the round of well drinks.. We didn't mind paying but it would have been nice to have known when we were ordering our drinks.
Bad communication on their part they should have told us and not kept us in the dark.
Any who because of the group I was with I had an amazing time.
It is what you make of it but with so many other options for comped dinners for ladies I can't really say that I'm eager to return here.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENNY D. & MANDI L.
~!!

Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy Sexy I ATE: Endive salad, Eggs Benni, Mojito Pitcher, Mimosa  Endive Salad....
Balanced flavors with Blue cheese nuts & a light dressing.
The salad was chopped in small bits.
Love Eggs Benni.... totally amazing hollandaise, eggs poached to perfection & we subbed bacon for avocado.
The chef came to our table to make sure the flavors were balanced without the bacon.
Mojito Pitcher..... Jesus himself would have given into this one.
It was as big as JLo's booty & had 2 very loooong very Hot Pink straws (my fav color).
It took us 2 hours to finish & we were in Party mode half way into it.
Mimosa.....
I don't remember if it was good or not but I drank it so.....
OVERALL EXPERIENCE......FABULOUS!!!!!
Our waitress was Rad.
She comped us our $165.00 Mojito pitcher just because she thought my Hubby & I were cute & Nice!
Seriously our bill ended up being $45 for food.
Of course we took care of her but still.....how sweet it that!
Personally I think she had a crush on me.....
The DJ was bangin & i danced on our table for almost all of Brunch.
There were the hottest Burlesque dancers to entertain us while we ate & during peak season they have acrobats as well.
This place was white & hot pink with a Huge Crystal Chandelier in the middle of the room.
I WAS IN HEAVEN....YOU MUST GO!

Good food but no vibe for supper club, this one hasn't caught on yet I guess.

For this kind of restaurant I expected a lot more..
I went to Bagatelle for a meet up and the food was the worlds tiniest portion.
I am sure the individual entrees were better however it was not that impressive where I would return.
Beautiful ambiance but very dead on a Thursday night.
I was charged $8 for a 750 ml bottled water of Evian.

I gotta give it to Tropicana, they are not going down without a fight.
First they tried Nikki Beach, RPM, and now Bagatelle.
I don't really know what they're trying do to but I feel this place is masquerading around like a wannabe South Beach trendy lounge/club, but they just can't get there.
I usually park in the 2 story parking garage on the south side of the Trop, when I pulled in, they had it shut down (it's been awhile since I've been at the Trop, who knows what they're up to with that), so I drove around to the north end (facing MGM) and I noticed Bagatelle had it's own entrance and parking lot (I guess they have valet, but there was no attendant and no indication if it was closed or what), I ended up parking in a very confusing lot in front, there was only one entrance but as soon as you entered, there were arrows going the opposite direction.
Anyways, I didn't know anything about this place, my friend invited me on a Thursday night, apparently they have ladies night on Thursdays that includes a pre fix meal and one drink, now I'm not sure of the specifics because the company she had invited me under was comping this, (again I don't know the details, I just showed up).
When we arrived we were greeted by two host/hostesses who walked us down to the restaurant/lounge/bar area.
This was a little bizarre.
We went straight to the bar, drinks are $14 each and I had the nastiest drink I could have picked.
A large group of loud, obnoxious drunk people came behind up and took over the bar, all of them ordering shot after shot, I noticed they all had nametags on, apparently this is a stop along a bar crawl per the bartender.
So instead of paying any attention to the two people not with this crowd (who I'm sure weren't tipping, they were drinking for free), so I ended up with one drink because she was more involved in paying attention to the guys.
Drink menu wasn't impressive anyways.
Onto the food.
We were seated at a table, and the DJ starts playing.
If anyone had been to First Food and Bar, you can understand how loud and horrible trying to have a conversation with the person sitting next to you, and you can't because you will have laryngitis tomorrow from screaming.
It was basically club level volume.
I gave up on trying to talk.
We had the Salad Bagatelle which was basically a head of butter lettuce and salad dressing, Grilled Salmon, Grilled Skirt Steak, Mushrooms and Pommes Puree.
Only notable item was the Pommes Puree.
Oh and Creme Brulee for dessert.
I don't ever see myself returning, for anything.
I don't care if it was free.

Located in The Tropicana on the Las Vegas Strip.
This is the latest in the new bread of swanky places in Las Vegas.
Great drinks, and not too darkly lit, make this joint a great place to go for a drink, dinner or brunch.
Stop by and have a drink or three.
Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

One star here only because I can't put zero stars!
I had purchased a $69 Travelzoo voucher for a brunch for 2.
Made reservations long in advance and even got a confirmation call the day before to secure the reservation.
We initially went inside where there is a sign for the 'bistro' and were told to go back out around the building to the pool.
We approached the security staff at the pool entrance and explained we had reservations for brunch.
This is where things got super shady...
The security guard, holding his clip board, said "why don't you just get a daybed by the pool instead and we can serve you snacks out there?'.
We certainly weren't dressed for the pool, nor did we want to lay by the pool.
I politely asked to sit in the bistro to have the brunch that I paid for.
He then walks away from us, leaving us standing in the hot sun for about 5 minutes.
Never to return.
We were turned away by the staff and they did not honor the $69 voucher that they had sold us.
Based on other reviews on-line it appears the bistro has closed and there is no more brunch here.
It is just a pool party now.
They aren't honoring the travelzoo vouchers either.
Not a good look...Obviously I will NEVER return.

I came here with a group of girlfriends for the brunch special recently offered on Travelzoo.
We got gussied up and arrived with high hopes as the pictures of the restaurant on Yelp made the food and décor look higher end.
Never having been to the Tropicana, I was taken aback by the rather underwhelming and seedy entrance.
We went upstairs to what appeared to have once been the Bagatelle dining room but it was totally empty - no chairs, tables or any décor aside from the chandeliers.
One man was upstairs so we asked him how to get to the restaurant.
With a rather perplexed look on his face he very grumpily told us it was down the escalators and to the right.
Okay...  We take his directions which lead to a supply closet.
Great.
We then moseyed outside and walked toward the beach club entrance.
We then encountered a mangle toothed employee of Bagatelle holding a pounder who appeared drunk.
He told us we were headed in the right direction.
We then get to the entrance and get in line behind some scantily clad girls in their bikinis.
Not exactly what we were expecting.
We had made a reservation and so we gave the bouncer our name.
He then said we weren't on the list but then asked us if we wanted to "rent" a daybed at the beach club and get snacks instead of brunch.
Why yes, baking in the sun in my dress and platforms sounds amazing!
Um, definitely no.
We decline then he headed over to a large group of bouncers seemingly with nothing to do and he never came back to address our lost reservation.
Finally, we admitted defeat and found our brunch elsewhere.
Needless to say, the whole experience was odd and frustrating.
Although we weren't going there for the beach club, it must be added that the place was DEAD aside from what appeared to be either a few scary locals or people coming off benders from the night before.
Stay away!

We did the nightclub during the day here.
Rented a cabana fir $500 minimum.
Service was good but drinks are very pricey, as to be expected in Vegas.
The music was entirely too loud we couldn't hear each other to have a conversation.
Would not go back.

Went to Bagatelle for the Beer-Fest and it got rained out...
The music was way too loud out by the pools and made it difficult to even have a conversation.
Some of the beer vendors were generous and others were on the scrooge side.
We had a good time for the 30 minutes we were there but were a little bit disappointed after spending good money to get rained out and they had no alternative to being outside in the wind and rain.

So we stayed at Tropicana and decided to go to Bagatelle one of the days we were there... it was pretty cool, they had a couple fun blow-up water slides and I liked how they had some shade.
However, the staff needs to get it together.
The bartender told us one thing, and the waitress/head lady working there told us another.
When we got home from our Vegas trip, we checked our accounts and Bagatelle over charged us by $350, so ridiculous!
We called and they did an investigation and eventually refunded me the money... until 2 weeks later when I checked my credit card statement and they RE-CHARGED me that money!
I emailed the guy who originally handled the problem and am waiting to hear back... worst customer service EVER.
Don't go here unless you want to pay way more than expected.

shocking cocktail menu, too pricy to be so simple aún the bartender was of no help , I got handed a book and then told what they could notable because they were missing watermelon wtf and didn't got any suggestions in what to get or even what do I like , I look at the menu on the tables and the waitresses were pretty attentive and that is what it save the day but an again I didn't got any explanations or suggestions about anything, this is a not a big issue but not delivering a full or special experience will not make me run back here on my days off or even remember what I ate .
I tried the calamari which was pretty standard but not amazing at the same time who really cares is calamari but I have taste better.There will be another try someday but not for now "sexy sells but service and memorable moments make guest come again"

