For me, this place has been a long time coming.
I have known for about a year that this restaurant was going to be opening in the Quarter Mile.
It is a shame that it is so hidden and away from the main footfall on Middle Meadow walk, but if they improve their website and build a presence on social media then this should help them promote the restaurant.
The staff are SUPER lovely.
Very kind and took the time to have a chat with us.
Also, they kindly gave us two free drinks after the meal.
As they had only been open 7 days when we visited, the seemed slightly nervous but they went out of their way to make a good impression, and they certainly did that!
As for the food, most of the dishes are labelled as spicy, and they are that.
But perfectly so for me.
I had the squid dish and it was delicious, i definitely have it again.
If you want good quality food in a nice environment with friendly and helpful staff, then go here!

Love Malaysian food.
Love it.
So when the Mrs took me for a stroll through the Quarter Mile development, my eyes lit up to see a new Malaysian restaurant coming our way.
Before I knew it Nanyang had arrived and, like a mongoose, I was ready to pounce as soon as it opened.
After a starter of Soft Shell Crab, I plumped for my Malaysian staple (and the bar by which I will henceforth measure all asian fusion restaurants) of Beef Rendang.
The crab was tremendous and the Rendang was different, not as dry as traditionally expected and also slightly hotter, but as tasty as ever I'm used to.
The hostess was warm and welcoming and happy to chat about the business and how they couldn't wait to get started any longer and their plans for finishing off the decorating in the following few weeks.
The waiter was apologetic and charming and offered us a complimentary round of drinks to celebrate their opening.
All good.
The menu was expansive, not exclusively Malaysian as it turns out, and definitely for those with an eye for the spicy.
The décor and surrounding areas are very pretty and it's also good for those who enjoy a good people watch.
In honesty there really isn't anything bad to say about the place...
Except this:  If Nanyang are not careful, they are in danger of pricing themselves out the market.
Kampong Ali is no more than a 5 minute walk away, and Kampung Ah Lee is 10 minutes in the other direction.
Both are a good £2-3 cheaper per dish and the quality is just as good, if not better than Nanyang.
With a small Malaysian restaurant contingent within Edinburgh, and if they improve their website and advertising (aside from the students and the rich who frequent or live in the Quarter Mile respectively, who else really knows there's anything down there?
) they might last a while, but as soon as others cotton on that there are just as tasty Malaysian cuisine options at cheaper prices within walking distance, Nanyang could feel the pinch.
Very good, but be warned.

Most of the time I tend to avoid 'curries' here I was pleasantly surprised.
Authentic Malaysian curry with chicken is a tasty dish with enough spice to avoid me having to ask for anything added.
We started with spicy soft-shell crab - my oh my..
I have another favourite to add to my list of food.
Well battered (light and crispy) spicy but not too.
And we got a nice chili sauce to dip it in.
The service is warm & welcoming and very very outstanding!
(my glass was kept topped up) TOP CLASS  So why is there a star missing?
The prices.
The food was good, but not THAT price-tag deserving good.
Granted we were there on a Voucher Deal but for what we had I thought the deal was just about right.
I wouldn't have been to pleased to have to pay full for what we got.
Also this restaurant is away form the main areas, the building is a 'Retail Unit' in the Quarter-Mile development area overlooking a concrete courtyard.
Spacious, but unable to entice an warm Malaysian atmosphere.
A bit lack lustre, but the staff was very good in making the place warm and pleasant.

I'm giving Nanyang a 3 star review but I'll explain why.
I'm gluten free so eating out, although normally fab in Edinburgh, can be problematic depending on where I go.
This time I had an itison voucher.
I had wanted to try Nanyang but was worried that being GF might be a problem, so I thought £12 for two mains means it wouldn't have been a waste if options were limited.
The itison deal gives theree options - thai green curry, massaman curry and a Malayisan curry.
Due to suspect and non GF ingredients, I was advised the Malayisan curry was my only option which was ok with me.
The mains came with coconut rice and they were plentiful portions.
The food was lovely - well spiced, with huge chunks of chicken in my curry, and vegetables.
My friends beef massaman curry was enjoyed but she would have preferred the typical big chunks of beef, rather than slices of piece.
We did both enjoy our meals and staff were friendly and attentive and took care to check I was getting the right food.
I would go back to Nanyang, but much of the menu was off limits to me, hence the 3 star review.
My friend who had also lived in Thailand, was surprised by the amount of wheat containing dishes so I'd like to check out other, Thai/Malaysian restaurants in the Burgh to see if this is the norm.

Good service and very well made food.
The decor and reasonable view are almost enough to make you forget you're in potentially soulless wee glass box.
Practically £30 for a shared starter, two mains and a pot of green tea for one so in the ballpark of central town prices but the Nasi Lemak was worth it.
The place clearly does a good takeaway trade too.

Excellent food and very nice service.
Prices seem good.
Tried several of the Malaysian dishes and they come pretty close to the real deal, and i liked the "street food" menu.
The thai dishes are also pretty good except the tom yam soup which i found way too sweet.
I eat there pretty often when i am in the area.

This is the 4 Stars update to Nanyang.
Just recently we took a delivery of the most authentic food you could imagine.
I was really pleased that their cooking for delivery doesn't affect any of their quality of ingredients and spicing.
Their Chicken Rendang was superb and the side dishes plentiful and on the topside of yummy and fresh tasting.
Their take away prices are not much cheaper than eating in but you do have the convenience of eating wonderful dishes in front of the telly watching 'Come dine with me'  - feeling kinda smug that you have so much better food available than the contestants.
Good place and consistently high quality.

