YES, the Strip needed another McDonalds, as the ones above this one (3475) & just below it (3755) are SO busy all the time!
This lovely new location is tucked around the corner from a very popular Walgreen's, on the corner of Las Vegas Bv.
& Harmon, but isn't crowded, as the the throngs haven't discovered it yet.
What you get here is fast little or no line service in a stylish, up to the minute 2-story location with a friendly staff, out-of-the-way corner tables available to tuck yourself away in downstairs if you like, or your choice of stairs or an elevator to take you up to the second floor dining room.
The only drawback I could come up with for this new location is that if you're a guy using the urinal, your hardware is right out in public whenever anyone opens the door, as there's no partition between you & the hallway, & no lock on the door.
Whatever...  this is Vegas!
:-))  4 Stars for this nice brand new McDonalds!

The Las Vegas Strip is the adult Disney Land.
And the majority of restaurants charge Disney Land prices for food.
When I want to save money on the Strip, I will visit a fast food restaurant.
Last night, I tried the newest McDonald's on the Strip.
This McDonald's opened a few weeks after the Harmon Road pedestrian overpass.
It is located at the lower right corner of the new mall that went up at the northeast corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Harmon Road, below the new Harmon Road pedestrian bridge.
It is a modern two-story McDonald's that would fit in at Midtown Manhattan.
In contrast to the McDonald's about a block away the outside is more low key.
Instead of giant arches there is only an "M." With the exception of somebody asking me for change (expected on the Strip) it felt like I was eating in a classy fast food restaurant.
The interior is modernism and everything is new.
Kudos to McDonald's for keeping that price relative to the off strip locations.
in my opinion paying approximately $8 for a ranch BLT value meal large size is worth it.
With restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip charging Disney Land prices, sometimes McDonald's will do.
I see myself returning to the newest McDonald's on the Strip.

In the three days I was in Vegas I went to Mc Donalds five times.
Four out of the five times was at this location.
I told myself that I would not go to Mc Dinalds but I have to admit how handy this place was.
Sometimes when your drunk and hungry a fifthteen dollar burger isnt going to cut it, sometimes you just need a dollar menu.
Great location.
Get filled up for less here.

Great place to stop in for a late night snack and escape the high prices of the strip.
It was very crowded when I went, but true to the fast food industry name, my order came out very quick.

This is probably the worst McDonald's I've been to.

It's Vegas.
People are already walking outside.
It's kinda crowded and it's only about 830AM.
I was hesitant to see all the people standing inside but I needed to get something quick and simple for my boyfriend.
Let me tell you; I was in/out in maybe 5 minutes tops!
I ordered two egg white breakfast sandwiches, two large orange juices, and a side order of pancakes.
I ordered, walked off to go stand in a corner and my order was ready!
I was blown away!
Staff are quick, efficient, and on-point.
Kudos to all these employees for working so hard and fast to cater to everyone down here!

Worst McDonalds that I have ever been to.
Weird and rude staff.
I don't know who, in the god's name, hired them.

Staff was friendly for a McDonalds and food was quick since most ingredients were precooked.
However, the southern chicken biscuit was precooked so much it was disgustingly dry.
The patty was tough and chewy.
Yuck!

