Outstanding atmosphere, food and drink.
You won't be disappointed!

Ok so I too went on opening night and one has to expect some bumps in the road.
I call my experience tonight, the good, the bad and the UGLY.
First the good.
The place is really nice, cool looking great bar, and an excellent outside seating area.
Our server (Audra) I believe her name was we spot on.
Ran around tending to our needs and felt bad about what is about to come (the bad and ugly).
Also great beer selection, and a very good menu which will get me back there to give them one more try in a month or so.
We also had the app sampler which came with Onion Rings (Black and Tan), Grilled Wings, Risotto Balls and Chicken Tenders.
All the items were very tasty but not hot, I am sure due to the pressures in the kitchen.
The Bad:  OK, again opening night, but it took the kitchen 1 hour and 45 minutes to get my wife, my daughter and myself out three salads for dinner.
Once our salads came,  my wife ordered a Cobb Salad and what came out was a Wedge.
I got my steak salad and my 9 year old daughter sat there with nothing.
Not good!
After sending back my wives salad it took another 20 minutes to come out and hers came with my daughters.
I also saw other patrons waiting a long time for food, food was slow slow slow coming out of the kitchen, but again it had to be due to opening night (I HOPE).
Now the UGLY.
Look Owner (or possibly Owners who I saw there that night), its OPENING NIGHT.
Your joint is packed and you made NO and I mean NO attempt to walk around the place greeting guests (except for the tables of your pals).
I saw one owner sitting in a chair near the patio, and seemed focused on walking tables inside and out.
The other thing they seemed mesmerized in was this fire pit by the patio.
Its nice but if you have 100 people in your place on opening night all looking for food, shouldn't you stop looking at that and showing it to your friends and HELP?
Or better yet why not walk around the place  WELCOMING your new and potential future customers saying  thank you and at least showing some concern for the issues of the night.
Not to mention Hey Mr. or Ms.
Manager, people WE SENT food back, why are you not out apologizing for the error in the kitchen?
Customer service is the #2 reason why I go to a place or not.
I would always prefer to go to a 4 star place with great service than a 5 star with no service.
I have to assume that kitchen issues will be resolved and I will give the place a second try based on the menu and selection of beer.
But if this place DOES NOT get better customer service orientated with its management especially with Blue 32 next door (a great food and service joint) it will just be another place on the restaurant trash heap.

Wife and I tried this new place, food was great, service was quick!
They need a little time  to get settled in but this place is going to be special.
We will be going back!
They had this ham sandwich was pretty killer, the wife said the salad was good too.

I have to agree with those giving this place One Star.
I have no idea who is giving the five star ratings-- friends of the owners?
Our service was horrific.
We ordered a chicken salad sandwich with no mayo on the bread.
What was made was a chicken breast on bread.
The kitchen remade the sandwich and it was awful.
The chicken was not seasoned and swimming in mayo.
Remember, we ordered it with no mayo on the bread for a reason.
We know that there will be some mayonaise in the sandwich for a binder, but did they need to use the entire jar (bottle?
) in the sandwich?
We also received the wrong side-coleslaw which was also swimming in mayo.
They did bring the requested fries.
They were not hot and lacked salt.
We also saw who appeared to be the owner(s) chatting away.
Again, no greeting of guests, welcoming to the new place.
My husband ordered a Grey Goose Martini--- $12?!?!?!??!
This is Gilbert for goodness sakes.
I think that he told me that next door at Blue 32, they sell for $8 or even Brio at Santan has good martinis for less.
We have been watching and waiting for this place to open for a while.
We were really hoping that it would be a nice alternative in the East Valley for a place to go for a relaxing drink and maybe grab a bite to eat.
We were told that the grand opening is in two weeks.
We will give it another chance in a month or so hoping that the issues noted have been ironed out, understanding that a new place is going to have problems.
Maybe waiting until the kitchen staff was completely trained or at least knew where the seasonings were kept would have been a good idea before opening.

Five Stars to the MAX!
Honestly, I don't understand how someone could have a bad food experience here... really.
My wife and I have been awaiting the opening of this great American food pub for a couple months now since we saw the sign come up.
After seeing they had their hours on the front door this morning I couldn't wait to try the new local haunt.
Harvey American Public House for lunch.
Let's go!
At first entry, it looks a little to barren for stuff hanging on the walls and struggles I think to to identify itself, I mean, who the heck is Harvey and how do I identify what the restaurant food style is unless I read between the lines... American and Public or "Pub" we're all I could go by.
Ambiance, not so good.
It's adorned with the oddest type of comical art and fixtures that say "I want to be a TGIF" but I'm still growing up.
I would make it a "Cafe Bike" type theme but hey, that's what I "saw" not at all what I "experienced" so let's get to it...
I ordered the Port Roast Beef Sandwich and my wife had the Chicken Strips.
They were both awesome an the portion size was very large.
My sandwich bun was soft and fresh and toasted perfectly.The roast beef was perfectly sliced thin enough and layered so that it would just come apart in your mouth.
No gristly fat at ALL!!!
I can't tell you how many roast beef sandwiches I have bitten into that I couldn't bite off because of all the marbling in the beef.
The fries were beautifully seasoned, fresh cut and perfectly fried.
My wife's chicken was freshly beer battered and not just some kind of out of the freezer serve it up style chicken, this was fresh chicken breast with the batter laid on at the pub.
They were awesome, no funky chewy tendons like typical chicken strips have .Like somebody actually cared enough to insure those things were absent.
I would highly recommend this place and stick with it as it evolves into something really extraordinary.
I intend to visit here as a regular because the food is great and they have a nice looking beer selection and I love beer :0)  Lastly, one last thing they really should focus on... the wait staff.
Our server was so sweet and eager to please but she vanished at the tail end because she was pulled away from serving to tend to some internal duties.
Here's a word of advice.
If you serve food, serve food.
If you want to work the kitchen, work the kitchen, but don't do both.
It's a disservice to your restaurant and eventually your customer.
In spite of those short comings, I still give it a 5 star because it has the potential to be a "great" restaurant and the food is stellar.
Go try it folks and support your local business owners.
~Stew~

My husband and I have been waiting for this place to open.
The area is seriously lacking in decent late night entertainment choices we were happy to hear they were going to be open late and offer live entertainment.
It is still a relatively short time since they opened so we expected some service issues, especially with what I had read on here prior to dropping by.
That being said ,yes, there are areas for improvement, however we had a decent visit and I will definitely return again.
We arrived about 10:30 on a Thursday night so the "late night" menu was the only option for food.
We were disappointed to learn later that the kitchen stops serving at midnight.
I would have been nice for the kitchen to be open later.
We sat at the outdoor portion of the bar.
The ambiance was great and with the misters it was very comfortable.
They had a two man guitar duo playing and it was a nice background on a chill Thursday night.
But, again, we were disappointed when the band packed up at 11.
Maybe it was because it was Thursday but the patio was packed and I guarantee if they kept the music going until at least midnight people would have stuck around longer.
Beer selection is good.
They offer some decent craft selections and had OK happy hour prices - not the best but we didn't break the bank either.
The bartender was friendly but a little slow.
The crowd wasn't super huge so maybe he's still adjusting to the next bar set up.
He was attentive for the most part and service wasn't unbearable.
He made it a point to ask our names so i would guess he quickly gets to know the regulars.
Slow is the norm though it seems as it took about 30 minutes to get our food we ordered.
BUT, the food we tried was excellent.
I was very surprised actually.
We opted for the appetizer sampler platter which had a couple risotto balls, chicken tenders, onion rings and grilled wings.
All the food was excellent.
The chicken tenders were obviously freshly battered and cooked perfectly.
I'm not usually a huge fan of these as they remind me of a cheap kids meal but it had us wanting to order more which is why we were disappointed the kitchen closed so early.
The onion rings - black and tan - were also very flavorful and done perfectly - not too crispy and not greasy.
The risotto ball were OK.
I liked them but didn't care for the marinara being already on them.
Would have liked having it on the side better.
The star in my mind however were the grilled wings.
The grilled flavor tasted just like they came off a backyard BBQ.
We ordered the jerk sauce however they came out plain by mistake (the bartender comped us for this error without us even having to mention it) but I think that was a good mistake because the flavor shined through so well without the sauce.
I'll try them with the sauce next time but given the grilled flavor I can see order them plain and then dipping in the sauce to my liking.
We will definitely be back again and hopefully the next time will be even better.
I do urge them to think "later" though - keep the music going later and serve the food later - even on weeknights.

Can I just tell you how sorely Harvey American is needed in Gilbert?
A good bar with yummy food that's open until ***2 AM*** SEVEN DAYS A WEEK!
Sorry to shout, but I've lived in Gilbert a long time.
We came with our family (a party of 9) early Saturday night, and we got seated right away.
I liked the high booth seating, mostly because I'm pretty short.
There's also regular seating around barrels closer to the bar.
Our server Audra really took care of our group.
She had a friendly, upbeat attitude, and she sincerely apologized for a couple minor snafus (missing water, late entree).
She did an excellent job.
We got pretzel rolls to the table right away and tore right through them.
The second batch came out even hotter-- you could see steam when you cut into them.
I loved them, but my husband though they could use a bit more salt.
Can't argue with that.
I'm not a beer drinker, but my husband is.
He was really pleased to see Moose Drool and Guinness on tap.
I like that they have happy hour until 7pm all week.
I was hoping to try the black bean burger that my sister had at their soft opening, but sadly, it wasn't on the menu.
I instead got the strawberry salad that came with romaine, candied pecans, dried cherries and gorgonzola.
It was delicious, and the raspberry dressing was just the right amount of sweet.
The side salads were also pretty impressive considering the sad examples I've seen at other places.
My sister-in-laws loved the house-made ranch because it reminded them of their mom's dip.
The meat eaters were all pretty happy.
My father-in-law thought his pot roast sandwich was just ok, but my brother-in-law was a big fan of his stuffed jalapeno burger.
My husband, who normally only likes steaks cooked by himself or my dad, loved his ribeye.
He also went on and on about how flavorful the side veggies were.
I guess living with a vegetarian is finally starting to rub off on him.
My husband said we are definitely coming back.
I hope they add a few more vegetarian options in the mean time.

My second visit tonight.
While the beer is good it's all tap - so nothing original there.
The appetizers are, well, gross.
The sandwiches - highly overrated.
The "stage" must be passed to get to the bathroom.
Awkward - since the band is usually one to two people playing bad cover tunes.
Plus - does the "bands'" children really need to sit at the table in front of the band?
Band members - get a babysitter!
By all means skip the hummus - chunks of stale bread in a basket with accompanied by babyfood.
Ick.
And Risotto Balls?
Blech.
Met an owner - Frank - total douchebag.
Please, if you own the bar simple manners are in order.
Maybe in NY people are treated poorly - but here in Gilbert we expect more.
Skip this suck hole and go to Blue 32 next store.
Allow me to add more.... the "owner" had a "party" complete with balloons.
When we congratulated them we were insulted - after spending nearly $100.
In addition, someone in the "owners" party threw up all over the patio - near my table - with not so much as an acknowledgement.
Rude, and unacceptable.
So yes, douchebag and suck hole are appropriate.
Plus - I don't care if you own the place - common courtesy to guest whether you are the owner or another patron should be common place.

I actually accidentally walked in here on Tuesday.
I was on the phone and was heading to Blue 32 and walked into this place not even realizing it was there!
I called my husband who was meeting me and told him to come here instead.
It's only been open a few weeks so there is room for improvement but overall, a great start and lots of potential to work with!
The inside is really nice, lots of wood and gives a pub feeling.
The patio is awesome.
Big and well-appointed.
Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable.
Good beer list (Left Hand and Moosedrool were present).
The menu is.....odd...I think it's because they're trying to figure out what will sell and do well but pasta with burgers with pork sandwiches with hummus?
The Italian thing sort of doesn't jive with the public house thing and it confused me.
Husband had the jalepeno burger and it was both well-cooked and tasted great.
Fries were good, as well.
I had the pork sandwich with the mashed potatoes.
Both were good but weren't hot.
They were warm....I heated them up the next day for lunch and it was better when hot.
Also, PJ, the bartender was super friendly and came out and talked to people.....except for us......he was chatting here and there but apparently, we didn't warrant a visit.
Not a huge deal if it was busy but we were one of three tables on the patio....so to be overlooked was pretty damn obvious.
Guess we're not part of the "regular" crew for a place open two weeks.
My guess?
Those people obviously know the owners or something but still, rude.
So much so, we opted not to sit at the bar after our meal and get a drink.
I will come back because I want a place like this to do well and I hate the freaking douchebag sports-wannabe parents over at Blue 32 but right now, I'd say Blue 32 is winning in the food department.....But I think this place can and will do better as it works out the kinks.
And hopefully, PJ will come say hi to everyone and not just his personal favourites.
As for parking, we didn't have a problem.
Just parked around the corner near the vacant office space.

Finally a bar in Gilbert that stay's open until 2am, 7 days a week WITH a wide variety of delicious food & drinks!
I've been in several times since opening, and I've been absolutely delighted every single time.
The owners, bartenders, and waiters are extremely professional, personable and courteous.
They go above and beyond to make sure you're having a great dining experience.
I've only tried a few items on the menu, but I've been blown away each time!
The garlic fries and the ribs are out-of-this-world.
The staff is well-educated on their menu and they offer great suggestions.
The bar has so many different drink options and they have a fantastic happy hour.
I'm so sick of going to Gordon Biersch after 11pm with their lousy drink choices.
Harvey American has it all!!
And let me take a moment to talk about the patio.
I LOVE THE PATIO!!!
The ambient light, fireplace, misters, and live music all offer a lovely atmosphere to sit and enjoy food & drinks with friends.
The restaurant is uniquely decorated with historic photos and memorabilia.
It has a small-town pub feel inside and I think the service is right along those same lines.
The bartender PJ greets me by name and asks if he can get me the usual.
It's the small things that really make you feel welcome.
Also, I can't wait for the deli to open next door, so I can grab a "real" sandwich on my short lunch breaks.
I have never been disappointed or had any complaints with this establishment!
All in all...
I think Harvey American is a force to be reckoned with!

First impression today.
Ice tea not fresh, but from the fountain.
Yuk..  Chicken on a salad with strawberries $12.95!
Too much money.
Burgers start at $9.99!
I don't think this place will survive.
Blue 32 has the sports, and the better menu.
For me, I'm not returning.
For many, I think that they will go if Blue 32 is too busy.
The food turned out to be just OK.
The presentation average.
I would say it is worth a try if you like basic bar food, but overall, there are too many better places to go to continue to frequent here.
Time will tell.

Ribeye steak sandwich, what?
Whoever doesn't like ribeye, go eat your pseudo steak slices.
Cooked and seasoned right, kept simple not to much fillers on top.
Service good, this place just opened and will be there for awhile, great beer selection, knowledgable owners.
For the haters stay next door.
Yelp is a forum for reviewing restaurants not slandering individuals.
Take a visit and judge for yourselves...you know who you are.

"Meh" is about right...
I really wanted to like this place....
When we walked in there was sign that said "please seat your self", so we bellied up to the bar.
We sat there for just few mins waiting for the bartender to come out of the kitchen.... Whatever.
It wasn't busy by any means.
I do like the beers on tab, however a little out of season for most of them.
I can't drink heavy beer during the summer.
The menu was small and not really what I was expecting.
I ordered the Cajun burger... "Meh" is a good word this too.
It came with the 2 tinniest onion rings I have seen, and they immediately fell off.
The flavor was kinda strange... not gonna lie.
I was starving and I couldn't even finish it, because the flavor was so unappetizing!
The french fires I ordered on the side were cold and had way too much seasoning.
My boyfriend had the roast beef sandwich.
It was better then mine, but that ain't saying much.
I think my real annoyance comes from the fact that the bartender offered us things like onion rings and additional cheese with out mentioning that they were an extra charge.
I knew they were extra, but I don't like it when my "server" tries to jack-up my tab.
They have live music... which I don't think I would have enjoyed... From the posters, the musicians all looked kind of aggressive and loud... Not typical dining music.
They also have "Carver Jones" playing there...
He plays everywhere in Chandler.
He's also kind of douchey.
All-in-all, I really cant see my self returning... Their are several other places with more menu options.
PASS....

EXCELLENT atmosphere, service, and food!
My boyfriend and I weren't sure about this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews, which turned out to be totally misleading.
Do not judge this restaurant by the false and misleading reviews.
Check it out for yourself.
You won't be disappointed!
Our first impression was the atmosphere, which was very inviting.
Personally, I love all the natural wood.
They could work on the decor though, as it seemed a little disjointed.
We sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by a friendly, attentive bartender.
Not only did the bartender ask if we wanted something to drink - He asked what our preferences were, and suggested drinks based on that.
He was spot-on with the suggestions, and even made a 'blend' of tap beers that suited my taste perfectly.
We then ordered food.
I chose the Ruben Sandwich, which was made with coleslaw instead of sauerkraut, on a pretzel bun.
I hesitated at first, never having a Ruben made with coleslaw, but was told that the Ruben was delicious, and the pretzel bun made it even better - so I decided to give it a try.
I substituted fries for a side salad, but was hesitant on which dressing to choose.
Not even knowing I preferred lighter dressings, the bartender suggested the vinaigrette.
The salad came quickly and was fresh and delicious - with all veggies cut into small pieces, making it easy to eat and enjoy.
Not only was the vinaigrette delicious, it was put in a separate small dish, giving me the option as to how much I wanted to add to my salad.
The Ruben sandwich was delicious.
The thinly cut corned beef was piled high, and the coleslaw and thousand island dressing complimented it perfectly.
The pretzel bun was warm and soft, a perfect of 'bread' for the Ruben.
My boyfriend ordered the American Cheddar Burger with fries, and he was not disappointed, saying it was one of the best burgers he's had, and he enjoyed the fries too - which were tasty and not greasy.
Our overall experience and first impression of Harvey American Public House: Inviting atmosphere; Friendly staff  - the bartender AND two friendly wait persons who just got off work and sat next to us; Quick service; Delicious food!
I would only suggest they work on the decor to make it less barren and disjointed - something that will compliment their style.
We were very impressed and will definitely be going back, and may very well become regulars!

Hubby and I have been there twice now and we had good food and great service.
The meatball petites are wonderful.
Full size Meatballs with red sauce on a fresh baked bun its a large appetizer so the last time we just ordered it with a Cesar salad to share.
Interesting menu items looking forward to trying everything.
Great beer selection.
Wine selection is limited.
The patio even in July is comfortable in the evening.
We live about 3 miles away and will be back often.
Updated to 5 stars!
Have thoroughly enjoyed every visit.
Audra is our favorite server!

I love this place!
Food is good and all the bartenders are hilarious!
Whenever I am in town now I always make sure to stop by and have some drinks and a bite to eat.
Love that there is always live music too!

I try to be objective in any review I give...as well as open minded with any review I read.
I have to say some reviews just make no sense at all unless of course they were for a totally different place than where I was at the time of this review.
We had a great time at the Harvey American Public House this past Saturday....The Patio was full even after the rains have come through.
The only thing I could say was that the crowd was not as a whole appreciating the band called the Mods...Not that they were bad mind you, they were actually really good.
It seemed that the music is just a background for socializing conversations.
Now about the food...I had the prime rib which was fantastic....this is the second time I visited this place and the hamburger I had then was tasty as well.
Our bartender was knowledgeable on most things we asked but made sure he found out from someone else if he didn't know.
This place is open until 2am 7 days a week.
Where else can you go in Gilbert for a pint and a burger at 1am?
This restaurant is owned by the people who own Fibber Magees Irish Pub in Chandler....good food, good staff....and good atmosphere.
Im not sure what others consider to be a good experience....Everyone has their own agenda when writing a review.
I consider the people factor as well, not everyone is going to be at their best 100% of the time.
I am looking forward to many visits there as well as around the valley...Im out to support our local economy, one beer, one meal,....one day at a time!
Cheers!

Harvey American is a great addition to Gilbert.
I love that we have a nice bar that is open until 2am.
My friends and I have come here a few times and have never been disappointed.
The staff is very friendly and the food is very tasty.
The patio is great and they keep it cool for the July evenings.

Harvey American now has Breakfast!
They have a new Deli opened up next to the restaurant.
The breakfast sandwiches looked good so I traveled down to try the "Western Omelet" sandwich, coffee and a glass of fresh squeezed OJ.
It was AWESOME!
Don't forget to try it.
they open at 6:00am.

Had the Cajun Burger with Garlic Fries.
Just a note that the Burger was overcooked and dry as I ordered it Med/Well not well done but the small spread of Cajun dressing was flavorful and had a good kick to it.
next time I will order a burger Medium.
and the garlic fries just had some chopped garlic on them when I think they should have added some olive oil and parmesan-reggiano cheese on it.
Overall.
I enjoyed the atmosphere and will be back.

Where to start...  New place, so I still expect they're working out kinks.
First the decor.
Nice...I guess??
Not sure what look they were after or how it ties to any theme (like that's really necessary) but I'm still trying to figure out the plan.
What I can say is that the seating is wildly uncomfortable.
This is something they need to work on.
On the other hand, once your ass starts to hurt I'm guessing you'll turn the table a little quicker.
Service.
Good.
Went at lunch so there was no crowd so they didn't get a full test.
Food.
Good...more on that.
We had the Ruben and Italian Sausage sandwich.
Ruben was pretty good.
Not a traditional Ruben by any since but still good.
Italian Sausage was merely ok...not bad...just ok.
It had marinara sauce on it that frankly could use some work.
Had fries and cole slaw as sides.
Cole slaw was serviceable.
Fries were good.
But here's the thing...they put some sort of house seasoning on them which is not bad.
But, and there is a but here...there's a fine line between the right amount of this stuff and way too much.
I'm afraid if you ever got too much it could be a horrible experience.
Having said that my fries were good.
Now I rated the good, and it was.
But, our waitress said they had hired a new chef (already?
they just opened) and were in the process of redoing the menu.
So maybe they know their marinara is so-so and that the stuff they put on the fries strides a fine line between good and yuck.
Or maybe not.
Regardless of the  above, I try again and see what happens.

Went here with a group.
Service was spotty, we were all there at the same time but orders were taken individually, about 20 minutes apart.
Can they only make one dish at a time?
Great selection of drinks.
Sandwiches were good but really fatty, some of them.
I can't remember what I had, but it was large and I needed to take half of it home afterward.
Looking around the table, some dishes looked fantastic, some ehhh.
The appetizers are the best.
Mozzarella balls are pricey, get them at happy hour price, they taste great!
Bread plate with fig and hummus dipping bowls would be a close second.
My recommendation is to go at happy hour for drinks and appetizers.
Expect to be there at least 2 hours and don't be hungry when you arrive.

I really do try to go into a new restaurant with an open mind but with the service and so-so burger we received on August 11th, I can't help but give a not-so-good review.
I have had several friends try this place out and they had favorable experiences so I thought I would give this place a shot.
I consider myself a "localvore" and I only dine at local businesses.
When I saw that we were getting a new public house in Gilbert we were excited to try something new.
The atmosphere of the restaurant seemed nice even though it was dead quiet when we went.
Loved the wood furnishings and the open floor plan.
I figured that since this was a public house, the draft beer selection was pitiful.
They have the Left Hand Stout and the Alaskan Amber Ale on draft and thats about all thats worth talking about  i cannot believe that they are not featuring any of our local breweries.
The hubby and I ordered the mozzarella risotto balls for an appetizer but never got to try them as the server never entered the order in.
When we received our burger and sandwich we asked the server about the appetizer and she just said that she forgot to enter it in.
Not sure how that happened considering we ordered our daughter's grilled cheese at the very same time.
I don't know if she just wasn't focused or what, it was disappointing because I really wanted to try them.
We elected to just forgo the appetizer so we could enjoy or main dishes.
I ordered the Blue Cheese Burger which very much lacked the blue cheese.
It was essentially a dry bacon burger.
The hubby ordered the Reuben sandwich which was amazing.
If I ever HAVE to go back, I will order the Reuben.
The server also neglected to bring us ketchup with our fries and at that point I was done.
Just wanted to finish the sandwiches and get out of there.
It makes me sad to write a 2-star review but after the experience we had this weekend, I felt I really had to.
Management needs to address the customer service issues and more craft brews need to be featured, otherwise I think of this place as another Applebee's.

I have nothing special to report about my visit to this place.
The sandwich was ok, the appetizers were ok, the service was ok - but nothing impressed me other than the pretty bartender who looked a lot like Olivia Wilde.
I guess if you live near this place, and want to try it out, there's really no reason not to - but don't go out of your way.

Worst lunch in the last year!
:(  The strawberry salad was nothing but rusty, rotted salad greens with some fruit and nuts.
I sent it back.
My husband's burger was tasteless with no condiments or garnishes.
The fries were only "bits and pieces.
"  I detest the decor, which is searching for an identity between old west saloon and weary Early American.
Save your money and don't go there--even if someone else offers to pay the tab.
Oh, yes, the wait staff needs LOTS MORE training!
Fire the "chef" while you are at it.
My favorite hang-out next door, Blu 32, has nothing to fear from you.

Been there once and had their ribeye sandwich.
I was not impressed, quality of meat not choice.
Presentation ok but sandwich not  to my liking.
I was impressed with the place; it was busy with lots of people under 35; great place for them.
I look forward to another visit to try other menu items.
Thinks it will be a good place to eat especially when the weather is dbetter for outside eating.
Give it a try.

Went to Harvey's when it first opened, and you could tell they had some work to do to iron out the kinks of a new restaurant.
Wasn't initially impressed, except that the team was friendly and open to feedback.
Just left there tonight, and man is that the place to be in the San Tan area.
The open air bar area was packed with people and the drinks were flowing.
The team was on their A game with refills of drinks before you could ask.
I think they added a few TVs as you could watch the Cardinals game all over the place.
Wife and I ordered the Strawberry Salad, and it's often hard to find a place that uses dark greens as generous as Harvey's does.
No wilted greens here, it was if they had picked it fresh out of the garden out back.
Fresh bleu cheese and candied walnuts with other dried fruits all added to the richness of the salad.
I gotta say tonight's experience has me looking at the calendar slotting the next visit.
Bravo team Harvey, bravo.

Great place.
Took them a bit to get going, but they are serious about creating an awesome local friendly watering hole.

Breakfast News!
If you go in to the Deli for breakfast, I recommend asking for Eugene who cooks up a fantastic Bacon Cheddar Omelet Breakfast Sandwich.
Ask for is "Mr Stew" Style.
It'll rock your world!

Harvey American has a cool wood pub theme going on.
Everything is wood, even the walls are designed to make it look like an old wooden building.
The furniture gives the place a cool smell as well.
All in all, I loved the atmosphere.
Our server was very nice, and their beer selection is great.
They have a vanilla stout on tap which you should definitely try.
The food was pretty good.
Probably a bit better than next door, at least for lunch.
I hope they get more popular so they fill up a bit more; whenever I've been by it's been pretty empty.
For a pub in Gilbert, they're great, probably better than Rula Bula in Tempe.

So the last couple reviews I've done have been kind of negative.
So, I've decided to keep this one positive.
They have a really nice patio!
That is all.

We stopped in to have a drink after dinner at another restaurant, mainly because a friend was playing there that night (Wed).
It wasn't terribly busy, but not bad for a weeknight at 8pm.
We had a very attentive waiter and our drinks came out fast.
We also later ordered some pepper fries and they were very good.
I think this place has potential and next time we visit, we will go for dinner and likely to see my friends play again!
As for the person who commented about the band members kids sitting right up front...who cares?
It is a family friendly restaraunt and it was I'm sure not late, so don't really know why you would care if they were there to see their parents play.
Looking forward to trying their food, always up to try some place new!

This is one of the best bars in the Gilbert area.
They have a great beer selection and very inviting interior.
The patio is hands down the best in the area.
There is regularly live music which can be a positive or a negative depending on the music an how much talking you want to be able to do.
The staff that I have interacted with have always been courteous and helpful.
I have not tried the food so I can not comment on its quality.
It's the only bar in the area that stays open until 2 a.m.

We arrived around 8:30 on Wednesday night.
They have a nice patio.
There was live music and a pretty decent draft beer selection.
Our waiter was really eager to please...maybe a little too eager, but overall nice.
The food is unimaginative, bland, and overpriced.
If you don't want to eat then Fox Cigar Bar a few doors down is better.

Good:  The drinks.
Bad:  The service, the staff and, ultimately, the food.
What a shame!!!
Such a disappointment!!!
If you want to be ignored by the servers, insulted by the management, disappointed by the food, harrassed by drunk/high kitchen staff and have all the friends and acquaintances you invited to dinner leave upset, then this is the place for you!
I won't go into detail like I typically do with my other reviews, but let me say that the owners of Harvey American Public House need to take a LOOOOOONNNNGGGG, hard look at the inner workings of this establishment.
Gathering the staff for a "respect the clientelle" pep talk and mandatory drug screening wouldn't be a bad start!
No one from my party will venture here again.
I recommend anyone else considering a visit to the Harvey American Public House to stay away, as well.

Pros: Nice patio, great tasting drink (Orange Bliss), quickly seated  Cons: Slow service, glass full of ice with very little liquid, long wait for food, rude bartender/bad waitstaff  Stick to Blue 32 even if there's a wait.
There are way too many options near this place to waste your time & money.

Food is great, good beer selection, with knowledgeable bartender, .
But skip if you think your going watch the game.
Usually have live music  on the nights I've stopped in.
I personally have liked their choice in entertainment in that it they have had quality talent in a setting that allows you to enjoy the music as well as the people you are with

This was our first time here, and it was delicious!
Also, our server Audra was great!
We really liked the environment here and also the music.
This might be our new spot!

FINALLY!
A real bar in Gilbert that is open until 2am.
I don't drink, but I have plenty of friends that like to chill out at night and socialize.
There is live music, and a great happy hour almost every night here.
Bartenders are good at what they do.
Typical run of the mill bar for drinks.
I haven't been able to try their food during earlier hours, but I had a decent time sitting on the patio.
Just watch out for the typical gilbert douchebag guys who scream out "no homo" and get wasted while they fist pump to the live music...
Create your own reality.
Right?

3 stars are for the beer selection, while not great - there's more than just Bud and Bud Light to enjoy.
The patio is beautiful and has always been clean and well attended to while I've visited.
Not a fan of the food.
Come for the cold beer and live music.

Food very average.
Great waitress but poor service from the kitchen and bar.
Really no excuse because it was early and slow.
New owners and managers were in the corner table and seem uninterested in what was happening in the their new restaurant.
Really was looking for another alternative in Gilbert.
Will not return!

Tried the fried egg burger.
Delicious!
My wife and I are really starting to like this place.
I would recommend giving it a shot!

I always like to support the local eateries in my area and wanted to give this place a try.
I went into the deli side for lunch.
The two guys making my sandwich were nice and friendly.
The cashier not so friendly.
He seemed put out for having to ring me up -being the only one person in there.
I ordered the turkey pastrami.
For the  pricey combo meal, I thought it was pretty skimpy/cheap to offer pickle or cookie.... Really?
My sandwich came and the lettuce was not only wilted to a lifeless state but it was also brown.
Overall taste was bland and nothing special.
The best part was the nice patio and clean restrooms!
I hope they improve because Gilbert needs more "good" places to eat!

Well, I can only comment on the service.
My husband and I have been wanting to try this out ever since it opened.
We finally decided to go tonight - a Tuesday night.
When we walked in, there was a sign instructing us to seat ourselves.
There were plenty of open tables, so we chose one.
We sat, and sat.
10 minutes later, no one had welcomed us, or said 'be right there' in fact, no one acknowledged our existence.
So we left and had dinner elsewhere.
Like I said, this was a Tuesday night and there were plenty of open tables - it's not like they were busy.

The food here is EXCELLENT!!
The place is new, so it's still a little disorganized, but everyone here is very friendly and goes out of their way to accommodate you and your party.
It was nice to see one of the owners (Jim) running around and making sure everyone was getting taken care of.

The first time we went it was just for drinks and we didn't have any food.
Went this past Saturday night as we were looking for somewhere new for food.
Uh....not good.
I had the Pinapple Pico Burger (priced at $12), I'm not really sure why they call it this, because I tasted none of the so called Pinapple Pico, as a matter of fact there was not much flavor at all!
The meat was not seasoned at all and was very dry.
I ordered the house homemade chips instead of fries and although they were okay, they also needed more seasoning and I got wayyyyy to many of them...covered half the plate!
My husband had their wings and they looked really good and he liked them.
For 5.99 you get 8 wings or 1 lb.
My kids ordered off the childrens menue and each had a cheeseburger.
It was the right size for kids, but a little skimpy on the fries.
I was however disappointed with the price of the kids menu...$5 and the drink was NOT included...that was $2 more, so basically $7 for a slider and a few fries and drink.
Our waitress was nice enough, although I have to say she was pretty unknowledgeable about the bar drinks, when asked what flavors of vodka they had she gave a blank stare...all she had to do was turn around as they were all right behind the bar.
There was another couple with us and we all had the same burger...cooked differently and they gave me my friends burger and me his.
Need to be more observant I guess.
I don't think we will be returning for meals, expensive and just not worth it.

My first visit with great service and dueling pianos made me suggest this venue for a friend's birthday party.
After reading some of the reviews about the mediocre service I questioned whether or not I made the best decision.
I arrived approximately 2 hours after the remainder of the party and waited for what seemed to be 20 minutes after our server 'Mary" arrived to take my iced tea order.
We experienced medicore service throughout the night and encountered members of the wait staff venting about how bad of the night they were going to have while hanging out on the patio.
When "Mary" was asked about whether or not they still had dueling pianos she mentioned that they did and that she saw them out earlier that night.
When we advised her that there were no pianos on stage she mentioned that they only had dueling pianos on the weekends.
When we kindly informed her that it was Saturday she told us that she meant to say that she meant the weekend as in Thursday and Friday's before rushing off to "go check".
We never received an answer on the piano and never received more than subpar service.
Definately would probably look for a different bar next time I'm having a late night iced tea in Gilbert.

10:30am - 2:30pm.
The deli side is open!
They have the best sandwiches!
I recommend the ham and cheese on pretzel bread or the turkey and avocado.
As soon as you step in Eugene makes you feel welcome, is helpful and genuinely glad to serve you!

Absolutely gourmet delicious.
We both had the thick pork chop with a delicate honey/mustard sauce and tasty broccolini and au gratin potatoes.
Lots of changes have been made and the service was perfect.
The owner introduced himself and we enjoyed the conversation with him.
We will definitely go back again and again!!

No stars because I did not get to try anything.
Quick run down  11 am-we sit down 11:17 - someone finally came over to serve us 11:30 - drinks finally come to our table 11:35 - table next to us walks out because they waited 20 minutes for drinks 11:48- server realized the food had not come to the table yet 11:55 - food comes out 11:56 - send food back 11:59 - walking over to Burger King   My burger was burnt and my wife received the wrong food.
Will Never Try This Place Again!!!

The only good part of this place was the live music.
You don't get much of that in Gilbert and the patio is really nice.
But other than that...not much of a food selection and it's very overpriced.
As well as the drinks!
The Risoto Balls were terrible.
The chicken tacos were not bad, as well as the fried pickles.
But very pricy drinks after happy hour ends and the wait staff is very young and very unfriendly.
Nobody smiles and you feel really uncomfortable.
The owner came to talk to us and he seems very nice and hopeful the place will do well.
It's very crowded on weekend nights, but I don't really understand why, due to the prices.
I hate to say it cause I really wanted this place to do well, but Blue 32 next door is MUCH better.
Very large menu and great customer service.

I love Harvey's, visiting 2-3 times a week.
Not sure I can relate to most of the negative reviews on here.
They have GREAT food, happy hour and service.
If people complain about the service, I'm sure it's because they did not wait for the hostess and took the seat that they wanted- there's a reason they have hostesses/host.
Try Harvey's; you will not be disappointed!

If next door wasnt so busy we would have never given this resturant a try.
The food is acceptable, the service is par for the course.
I know it recently opened which allows for a little forgivness.
I feel like this place is trying to rob for the Irish and give to America, the decor is confusing and the menu left me hungry for more, this place is confused at best.
Seems like a BAR that i would have a great time enjoying, however i will make sure to only drink there or get good and drunk and get McDonalds on the way home.

Risotto balls?
Yeah.
That's what we thought but we ordered them anyway.
Don't know if I would order them again.
We wanted to go to Blue 32 but they were too crowded and we were on our way to the airport.
Sigh.
The place is always empty and for good reason - the food really does suck.

Could have some potential but needs to tweak a couple things...
The patio is terrific and so is the ambiance inside the restaurant.
Two good points.
The food was okay.
We ordered the pork sandwich.
Nothing to write home about, but it wasn't bad and wasn't overpriced.
The fries had potential as well, but the batch we had was a little on the luke warm side.
Now on to the beer.
I was a little put off that it was 6 dollars for a pint.
There are numerous places close by that one can go and get a cheaper beer with better selection.
I hope they fix this...
The band that plays at night...meh...  All in all, there are some growing pains, but it may get better.
I am hopeful

Although we had been there a couple of times before and had good experiences, this trip was not good at all.
The service was slow, the dinner was served without the bread, the ceasar salad was brown and tasted old, the chicken portion was very small and they have changed the deep fried pickels from spears to dollars and the breading was not good on them either.
Apparrently they revised the menu, sounds like that was not a good thing and just when they seemed to be doing good.
Sorry Harvey we most likely will not be back.
When I brought all this up to the manager his response was to give me the buy one get one free coupon that comes in all the mailers every week, please.

We went to the Blue 32on Williams FieldRd in Gilbert tonight.
We were told a 15 minute wait that turned out to be a 45 minute wait.
The food and service were both good.
But my daughter had the buffalo chicken sandwich.
She also asked fir some ranch dressing.
What is incredible is they charged us $.25 for the ranch dressing!
It isn't that 25 cents is going to make or break me it is however the principle of a nit picky charge.
I am very dissatisfied with this extra charge.

Our first visit, sat on the patio.
First and foremost I wish it was non smoking, having to smell cigarette smoke while eating is not pleasant.
Anyway, we went on a Tuesday and liked that they have a Tuesday burger and beer special for $8.99.
After looking over the menu the prices seems reasonable.
The server was kind and timely and food was good.
We loved the onion rings.
I had the southwest burger and it was good.
My husband had the pub burger and he liked it.
We will return, perhaps for drinks and live music.
It's nice to see a place that offers live music in Gilbert.

We have been here before and it was just OK. Bought a Groupon and tried it again.
Mediocre at best.
Great looking place, awesome patio but it all ends there.
There is no passion here.
Service is not attentive and the food is just not very good.
Onion rings were good.
This place needs to take a look around and see why their neighbors are always busy and they are not.
It became evident to us tonight.

Visited this place a few months ago and both the service and food was incredible.
Going there again this week sometime.
Can't wait.

Lets put it this way.
I created a yelp account to review this place.
Arrived n told to sit wherever.
Place was dead.
Waitress didnt offer high chair for daughter so had to search for one..on both high chairs available the straps were broken.
Next waited 10 mins for waitress to get waters and take orders.
ok no biggie.
food took 30+ mins to come out.
Seriously...what are they doing, its just us and one other table in the place.
During that time didnt see waitress once.
I actually found the pitcher of water to refill both my wifes and my water.
Food finally arrives and meh.
Not awful but not that good.
Overall it was the worst service I have received in a long time.

We finally tried this place b/c of the Groupon they offered, and we live right across the street.
I had the Fried Egg Burger.
It was okay, but the flavors didn't go well together, so it tasted kinda weird.
The real problem with the food was the fries.
They put rosemary on the fries.
That rosemary aroma ruined my whole meal.
What a strange seasoning for fries.
The one really positive thing about the place is that they have O'Dell's IPA on tap.
Awesome.
The service was good.
Three of us dined, and none liked it.
We won't be going back.
The fact that the place was nearly empty didn't help, either.

I have been to this place twice.
My favorite food item is the black & bleu burger.
It is so delicious.
The second time I ate here, I tried the Jinglehopper cocktail.
It's bright green and a bit overwhelming when you see it, but it was so delicious.
They have great happy hour specials on drinks and appetizers, and the servers are friendly and attentive.
I'll definitely be back!

We had our rehearsal dinner here in April and it was great!
We had ribs, chicken with a cherry sauce, homemade fococia bread, salad - and it was all wonderful.
We were able to reserve the patio which was the perfect size for us.
Everyone was easy to work with and the chef did a tasting with us prior to the event so we could pick exactly what we wanted.
The service the night of was great as well.
All our guests had only good things to say about this place too.
It's a far drive for us from where we live, but if we're in the area, we'll be back for sure.

The hubs and I have a weekly lunch date every Friday, and we try to find places we've never been, preferably locally owned joints instead of chains.
It was my turn to pick, so we gave Harvey American a shot.
What a pleasant surprise!
It takes a lot for my husband to give high praise, and he said, "My sandwich [the French dip] is excellent.
" Excellent in hubs' terms = the bomb!
I had the chicken pesto flatbread and it was also excellent.
The edges were crispy, the cheese was melty and flavorful, the chicken tender.
Can't complain!
But the crowning glory was the onion rings.
Best I've EVER had.
They are clearly hand-made, and it shows.
The onions were sweet, and the coating was crisp and not greasy.
When you take a bite, it doesn't fall apart.
You get the bite, and the rest of the onion is left in the coating for the next bite.
Imagine!
Love the decor--all wood, very cozy, and next time I want to sit in one of the little hidden away booths.
The only reason it gets 4 stars is because the food took quite a while to come out, even though the restaurant only had like 5 tables occupied, and because the country music was blaring.
It was distracting.
Overall, we'll be back.
Definitely.

I have been here four times.
Great atmosphere.
Great greeters who make you feel welcome right away.
The chef is very inventive and seems to have a really great palate for food combinations.
My husband is a hamburger fanatic and rates them all over phoenix.
Their black and blue rates right up their with the best.
Tasty, great seasoning and super juicy.
He ventured  out and tried  a special burger  with  turkey and Applewood smoked bacon.
Unbelievable!
Should be on the regular menu.
Hint, Hint!
They have a special for a beer,  excellent fries and burger on Tuesdays,  for I think,  $8.99!
Surprisingly,  the shrimp fettuccini was right up their with the best Italian restaurants.
Their pesto pasta dish was just as good  heated up the next day.
Don't listen to the others.
The food here is really, really good.
The servers are friendly, though  not pretentious and get the job done The prices are great.
The patio is great!
Even when it is hot.
They are great at misting for the best effect.
Also, I love the music though my hubby is their strictly to eat!
Hah!
We are so glad this place is only 2 miles away!
Lucky us!

Glad web had a groupon... won't be back.
Good location, cute place, bad food and service.
I asked the server how the ahi salad was and she said "I'm scared of it".
Awesome.

It's a 4.5 - I just feel guilty giving such a high rating when the first visit was not as great customer service-wise as it could have been.
So I've been twice thanks to Groupon.
Each time we have left stunned how much we enjoyed the food.
Maybe because we are in Gilbert and you tend to lower your expectations when you dine in Gilbert?
I'm not sure.
Maybe it's just good.
So my first visit I ordered the Cuban sandwich - AMAZING - pickle, pork yumminess.
I loved it.
My husband got the Rueben, typical except on a PRETZEL roll, pretzel people, it was incredible.
My youngest got the chicken tenders and older got a flatbread pizza.
My older was specific on what he wanted and not wanted on the flatbread it came out wrong so we had to send it back.
Then my youngest got the chicken tender appetizer and not the kids meal which comes with fries.
So they sent out a huge plate of fries which was really nice.
The fixed the older kid's pizza and all was good.
We sat outside which was wonderful until people started smoking.
Sigh, when will they learn that smoking is gross?
So the second visit we sat inside.
The decor is amazing, they must have spent a fortune just designing the place, wood, iron, stained glass.
The wood benches became really uncomfortable after awhile but I forgot after the food came out.
We ordered Stella Artois to start and they served them in Stella chalices nice touch!
This visit I ordered the Reuben - it was great.
The only issue was they used a lot of purple cabbage in the sauerkraut which was a bit bitter.
I worked through it and enjoyed it completely.
I also ordered the side salad instead of fries with ranch on the side.
The ranch, holy moly the ranch.
Thick, rich, garlicky heaven.
The salad was so big, nice baby romaine and spinach, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, and carrots.
Enough about me.
My husband got the Black n Bleu burger, he completely enjoyed it - ordered it medium rare and it came out almost perfect.
The onion rings looked gorgeous, huge and lightly fried.
The little one got the chicken again, the right one this time.
Lightly fried chicken and good looking fries.
The older one got the Three Little Pigs flatbread pizza.
I guess he enjoyed it - it was gone in about 5 minutes.
It's not small and neither is he.
The service tonight was perfect.
She was super attentive, gave us updates on the food, brought us water when needed, gave us background on the restaurant.
The manager came by and asked how things were going.
Exactly as it should be.
All in all, I think this may be my new favorite place to eat in Gilbert.

Came with a Groupon hoping to have found a new regular place, left sure in my knowledge that I had not.
I had the ahi salad.
It sounds good in print - arugula, pickled grapes, orange slices, topped with panko crusted ahi...
The truth is that arugula is a pain to eat on its own - long skinny leaves that are mostly stem.
I like the taste, but a whole plate of it is a bit messy.
Besides that, the ahi was a little tired - tasted fishy.
I powered through, knowing I needed to get some vitamins for the day.
My wife had the turkey club on pretzel bun.
Again, another winner on paper.
We both tried it and could never put a finger on what was wrong with this sandwich.
Individually, the ingredients tasted fine, but together they added up to a poor ingredient combination.
I wish I could be more specific.
It's one of those cases of just taking a bite of something and saying, "Nope, not that.
"  As far as the setting goes, I thought the TVs were a little loud.
At least the joint next door has the decency to keep the games at a reasonable volume.
On the bright side, the service was acceptable.

I love this place!
It's hard to read bad reviews on this place, especially when people state they had slow service.
I always feel like they have too many people working.
I haven't had a bad experience!
The Deli has great sandwiches during the day.
And yes the fries has a seasoning on it and I personally love it.
And of course their beer options are awesome.
Live music random nights, can get loud but that's why they have an awesome patio!
It's a fun place to be at!

Have been there a handful of times.
Service and food are less than average.
Just sat at the bar for over 5 minutes and not only did we not receive service, but the bartender literally looked past/through us to the people sitting in either side of us.
She didn't even say she'd be right with us or acknowledge us in any way.
We walked out out and went straight to Blue 32, which, not surprisingly, is packed for happy hour... they clearly don't have any real competition.
Harvey American needs to step up their service and menu.

Okay this is going to be a bifurcated review.
For dining - a 3.
For drinking - a 4.
Start with the dining experience.
I had heard good things about this place so when that Groupon appeared, I jumped on it.
So the DH, DS, and I headed down on a Wednesday for dinner.
The place was busy and it was 113 out so let's just say we were  taking that inside table, even though it was at the front door.
Note to hostess:  if you are going to have front doors that stick open, then don't seat people at that front table - or rather than stand there with nothing to do, shut the freaking door yourself.
The blasts of hot air probably are some of the most memorable moments of that night.
My DH had not even gotten butt in chair before the server asked for drink orders (seriously, he was still standing!).
Uh, can we have a minute please.
Big mistake.
We watched the server hop past us no less than 12 times (I started counting out of boredom) before he returned to take our order or even acknowledge our existence.
But finally he returned.
The beer selection is admirable.
The DH enjoyed an Alaskan Amber and started his bucket list of some other beers there on tap he wants to return and enjoy.
I however found it disappointing that in an establishment that boasts about its dcor and ambiance and great food, that they only have fountain iced tea, nothing brewed.
Really?
Quite sad.
I expect that from a cheap joint, not a nicer one.
Oh wait - that's right - even McD's and Wendy's have fresh brew....
Being ravenous and having a big Groupon, we ordered an appetizer, 2 entrees, and an entre salad.
And bets were taken - would the appetizer appear before the entrees.....
The server brought the guys their salads - it was a cute moment as he asked which one got the balsamic then gave him the  Caesar anyway.
yeah, I know, hard to tell them apart.
The dinner salads were served with 1/2 a pretzel roll.
The salads were large but nothing special.
The house salad came with few "extras".
The Caesar was just a Caesar, nothing special like thinly sliced Parm.
Okay, now the curiosity is getting more intense - salads before appetizer.....would the appetizer make it before the entrees?It did - but just barely.
We had not even eaten a single wing before the entrees were served.
The wings had a nice rub on them and the sauces were not bad although it was hard to tell the difference between the BBQ and the Chipotle BBQ.
But grilling those wings can really dry them out - that was rather disappointing.
The other thing that was so odd - most wing places will split the wing between the joint, nice and clean.
Here, we found ourselves with bones cut off - which I found odd and a little messy but so be it.
DH ordered the grilled chicken with the cherry demi-glace.
Again, it sort of missed the spot - the chicken had an opportunity for a nice rub but really just didn't stand up on its own for taste.
he had subbed out the 3 sisters ragout for the potatoes.
We were surprised that the ragout was comprised of white beans and corn - usually when you think of a veggie ragout, it is more along the lines of squash and carrots and tomatoes.
next time, ask before subbing.
DS ordered the crispy skin salmon.
It was not served medium rare as it should be.
but he said it was tasty.
he had subbed out the broccolini for the grilled asparagus.
of course, he received both.
interestingly enough, they brought DS the asparagus as a side dish so he received about 3x as many spears as did DH did as part of his dinner.
oops.
Now to my entre salad.
I ordered the Strawberry Salad and added grilled shrimp.
I asked for the salad without the bleu crumbles and dressing on the side as I don't like much dressing.
My salad came - imagine this - dressed with some cheese in it but it was so tiny and almost hidden - almost as though the greens had belonged to another's salad and just was used for mine instead.
now I hate to think that - but the onion flavors in the salad which would not have had onion in it to begin with made me wonder more.
The salad had what appeared to be frozen berries, not fresh berries - or maybe they were marinated but not fresh.
and, to be honest, my salad was no bigger than the side salad that the guys received.
but that cheese bugged me - if I had a lactose issue or allergy rather than a dislike of bleu, that salad might had ruined my evening.
The shrimp added on were nice in size but a tad overgrilled as they were somewhat tough, but grilling shrimp when you are busy - I can forgive that.
Not once during the meal did water get refilled - again, not a biggie but since that was my only beverage, well, it was a biggie for me.
All in all, I think I would go back for happy hour and drinks.
But I don't see myself returning for dinner anytime soon.
Too many other places do it better.

Very nice Ruben and Cuban sandwiches.
Beer selection is good.
Real chicken fingers.
The patio is awesome.
I'll be back.

Gosh this place has amazing potential!
First of all, the restaurant itself has appeal.
The patio is great and the interior is open and welcoming.
Customer service was great.
Our waiter was knowledgable and attentive and really seemed to care about our lunch (and beer), which may I add that their beer list was great.
Now for the food.
The fried pickles were the best we've had.
Instead of the typical cornmeal breading, these were thick pickles with a crisp batter that was not too heavy.
The chipotle sauce on the side was a perfect accompaniment too.
For entrees,my husband ordered the fried egg burger which he enjoyed.
The bun was nice and the bacon was thick and crisp.
No complaints there.
My ribeye sandwich, however left something to be desired.
I guess I was picturing chopped steak, but the sandwich was a chewy slab of steak, which though perfectly cooked medium, was so difficult to eat because it was sandwiched between huge pieces of focaccia.
I appreciate that they make their own focaccia but this sandwich just didnt make any sense and could've been better.
We both had the fries for our side, and they were covered with a seasoning that we couldn't place (thyme?
rosemary?).
Just some salt would've been nice!
Like I said, this place has great potential.
Customer service was excellent, the restaurant itself is very nice, beers were cold and the food was decent.
Just a few tweaks and it will be success.
We will return :)

Story time...
I live right across the street from Harvey's and have always contemplated going inside.
Finally one summer night after coming home from a D-backs game my gf, puppy and I decided to roll on over for a late night beer.
Here is where the disappointment begins  At the front door there is a sign that says please seat yourself.
No biggie, we sit down in a corner area so as not to disrupt other patrons considering we have our adorable english bulldog who loves public attention.
We wait 5-10 minutes and no one comes to acknowledge we are even there.
There goes a star.
Still thirsty, I go to the bar and wait another 4-5 minutes until the bartender finally meanders over and does not even say hello, how are ya, what's going on.
nothing.. She just LOOKS AT ME.
Boom we're down to 3 stars.
Next she get gets me the drinks and when I ask for a few waters on a 105 degree phoenix night I am given attitude.
2 stars it is.
....  Well, they tell us our puppy is not allowed and we are down to the final Star.
I will not be back.
The service blows and so does the no puppy on the patio policy (alliteration intended)

The food here is awesome--I'd give five stars for that.
I got the chopped southwest salad and it was great.
The fries, burgers, and sandwiches that my family got were also good.
I had two issues here though.
The first was the smoking.
Seriously, at least the patio area is like sitting in a cigarette and it was disgusting.
I'm not sure if it is non-smoking indoors.. at this point I thought non-smoking was a law so I didn't even think to be ask to be seated in a non-smoking section.
They should probably mention that the seating area is smoking since that is not the norm anywhere else anymore.
Second issue was the service initially.
We waited about five minutes to have our drink order taken and then waited for ten minutes, drink-less, until the manager arrived and apologized.
After that the service was fine.
Our new waiter seemed super rushed and brisk, but the place was crowded so I guess it was okay.
It just was kind of stressful the way he was rushing around.
The manager was super nice though and checked in a few times to make sure everything was okay.
So I feel like they were aware of the service issue and did their best.
So yea overall, awesome food.. gross smoke.. maybe I'll see if they offer to-go?
Otherwise I think I'd spare my lungs.

Not even worth 1 star.
Wife, son, and I go to Harvey House for a lite dinner and were seated outside.
We ordered drinks... iced tea was horrible... didn't taste like fresh brewed.
Beer was beer- that was probably the only good thing that happened at this establishment.
Ordered food... pizza for my son, chicken wings and a salad for wife and I.
Guess how long it took to deliver these items to our table?
Nearly 1 hour later after seated, no food.
I asked the waitress a couple of times about the food, and she assured me it was busy, etc.
etc., etc.
Chicken wings delivered over 1 hour later and were average at best.
Nearly 1 hour and 15 minutes, the salad was delivered and was average.
Still NO children's pizza for my 5 year old.
Upon pestering the waitress multiple times, my child's pizza still not there.
Two Hours into the experience, still no children's pizza.... after my son began to cry, we decided to solicit the waitress for our check... and to my astonishment the waitress decided to us a favor by not including my son's pizza on the check.
My wife and I left this establishment after nearly 2 1/2 hours upon seated.
My son still never received his crappy pizza.... After leaving Harvey House, I ordered a pizza at Geno's to get to my son... it took Geno's less than 15 minutes to cook that pizza.
My wife and I will never eat at Harvey House... Horrible service and average food.
Buyer Beware!

I love this place!
The music is great and the employees are awesome.
They have a nice selection of beer to choose from and the food is great.
The Harvey's seasoning on their fries is outstanding.
They have both indoor and outdoor seating.
The outdoor seating is cooled by misters and is rather nice even on the hottest of nights.
During the winter they have some gas flames that heat up the outdoors.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for great American food.

Really enjoy Harvey.
Between recommendations from a friend and the recent awesome Groupon deal, we've been there 3 or 4 times in the past few months and plan to continue.
Thus far, the food has been fantastic, they have a nice, rotating craft beer selection, and always have interesting live entertainment.
The service, while maybe slightly inconsistent during busy weekend times, is good overall.
Our food has always been timed perfectly and never "stacks up" like chains are notorious for (entree arriving two minutes after the appetizer, etc), but it's sometimes been a bit of a wait for a fresh drink.
Probably my only real wish for the place would be the use of an electronic paging system.
There isn't really a defined waiting area, so if you are waiting for a table and the bar is full (typical during peak times), you have to somewhat awkwardly linger in the small lobby or out front and hope that someone will come looking for you.

Average at best...
Empty @ 12:30 on a weekday for lunch.... Fries may be cut fresh but limp & soggy

Even with special diet requests they hit the mark.
The service and food was average at the beginning when they opened, but they are getting better at each visit.

After reading reviews about Harvey's American Public House we were hesitant to give it a try....but we went for dinner this evening and were not disappointed at all!
We were seated immediately and after placing our order our beverages were served quickly and our glasses were never half-empty!
Colton provided excellent service and recommended the onion rings....they were not greasy and were really good.
We also ordered the French dip sandwich, the Cuban sandwich and the margarita flatbread pizza.
Portions were good size and we took 3 boxes home.
They offer a lot of different brews and have sports playing on several flat screen TV's.
we really enjoyed the atmosphere, their delicious food and excellent service......definitely will go back again!

Best burgers in town!
The service was awesome, Vern was the best - thank you for a great evening!
Jalepeo marmalade rocks :-)

I will give the food 4 stars and the service about a 1-2 star.
I will go back often because I love the food.
I have only been at  late lunch time and there is usually 1 server there.
Its not usually busy at that time.
It usually takes a while for food to arrive, even on a slow day.
Not sure why..
The Salads are good, Burgers are great and yummy grilled chk wings.
If this place would step up there service standards I think theyd do better.
Theyre open late night so thats a plus for some.
Great patio set up with misters..  Will suffer bad service for the good food, but most people wont.

The bad: Self seating left a small wait till we were noticed.
Burgers were overdone.
The good: Interesting decor, casual fun atmosphere.
Great iced tea.
The house made potato chips and dip were fabulous.
Lots of beer on tap.
Overall a good experience we will definitely be back!

been there 3 times and the food and service is the BEST

This place has a great patio and a good selection of beers on tap.
Its a great casual place to come out get some food and a couple of cold ones.
The live music on Friday and Saturday nights is also very cool.
The reason I only gave it 3 stars is because they also have a rewards club card which you earn points on every visit, but out of the 12+ times that I've been here, they are always out of the cards.
By this point I would have already had a hefty amount of points on the card.
Also, the bathroom doesn't have a mirror which is a bit strange.
Food recommended: Reuben, Chicken tenders, Onion Rings

This place has the best outdoor patio in the East  Valley.
Inside was full so our choices were patio or wait.
I was a bit apprehensive because it was still well over 90 degrees.
Great misting system, so it was very comfortable to sit and hang out.
Were very pleased with the food--we had wings and the southwestern burger.
They have a good rotating selection of beer but they don't have it printed out, so, while the staff is very helpful in directing you to the type of beer you may like, I'm afraid they may lose some beer sales because people don't know everything they have available.
Will definitely go back!

Love a place with decent beer selection.
The nachos were meh... lacking unless you love cherry tomatoes.
I had the prime rib, not bad.
Full plate full of steak potatoes and greens.
Oh and the side salad with the honey vinegarette was really good.
Eat the bread that comes with it, it's like a soft pretzel!

I've been here a few times with friends and co-workers.
always enjoyed myself.
Food is good and there are lots of beers on tap.

I don't know what the other reviewer's were complaining about.
Great service at the bar.
You must try really hard to pour a bad beer.
Food was good but I could not eat enough of it.
Everything is made from scratch!
We totally enjoyed everything we ordered.
And I love that there is a patio for day drinking on nice days.

Can only comment on the (non) attentive service.
Came in on a whim while holiday shopping in the area and were greeted and told to sit anywhere we liked.
That was the last we saw of any service person.
We waited about 20 minutes until a table of guys near us hailed a passing waitress and pretty much demanded their already ordered beers!
The place wasn't busy and there appeared to be 2 service personnel (hostess or waitress) chatting up the bartender.
Interesting concept with their yearly Mug Club but unfortunately for the owner, we won't be back to try it out.

Came with several friends to see Chuck E Baby and his band perform - Chuck is an amazing talent and always entertaining.
Check him out if you have the opportunity.
Started off with drinks (my friend had a Bloody Mary that was off hook!).
Went on to appetizers of risotto balls and nacho's.
Both were excellent, but those risotto ball are outrageous!
Entrees were, southwest chopped salad, strawberry salad, salmon salad and a turkey club sandwich.
Everyone was happy with their choices which came out quickly and well-prepared.
Only thing that stopped me from rating at 5 stars was that there seemed to be a lot of confusion on the part of the "runners" with what food went to which table.
I'll definitely be back.

The hubby and I had such a great lunch there we went back the very next day.
Our server on the first trip, Andrea was incredible.
Super attentive, made great recommendations  and our drinks were always full.
They have an expansive craft beer list that they rotate.
The burgers are huge 1/2 pounders with excellent fries or kettle chips.
The chips come with a creamy onion sauce.
The second trip the food was just as good but the service was a bit slower.
We tried the turkey club and the roast beef sandwich.We will add this to our list of favorites.

The new menu is so great!
Pork carnits tacos and beef pot pie.
They have also greatly improved their wine selection.
Have added on tap wines.
This is one Very happy girl!
I bought hubby a Mug club membership.
40$ for the year.
Weekly discounts and food specials for mug club members.
First fill free then all refills 20 oz for 16 oz price.

OMG!
Their food is so freaking good!
The two I recommend is the flat bread or their burgers!
Which they make the burger bun fresh each day!
It is to die for!!

Stopped by here for lunch with some coworkers.
It was a slow afternoon and we decided to sit outside (nobody out there).
The patio is spacious and well maintained, with an bar open to the inside of the restaurant.
Service was a bit slow, especially bringing the food out.
Some of the dishes were clearly sitting out for a while (read cold food).
I had an apple salad with goat cheese, figs, and a delicious dressing.
It was really good, but too small even for a lunch portion.
I might give it one more try, but my first go around was a fail.

Where to start with this place ............  For starters they have over 20 beer handles on tap, I pop in here just to sample the awesome selection of micro beers.
Nice location, live music, decent food selection, awesome outdoor patio setup, open late.
It's more bar than restaurant, not a place for kids IMO, bold move in the Easy Valley.
I like the setup!
So what's up ... well it's the bartender and server's.
They're either trying to hard ... or not hard enough!
Same with the kitchen.
This usually happens when you have owners/managers with opposing philosophy's.
Either nobody is holding the reigns, or worse ... micro-managed to death.
The employee's oscillate with whoever's on duty.
That aside, the drinks are never strong enough and mostly foo foo.
Chicks seem to dig it though, as there's always large tables of un-approachables.
I can't see this being a recipe for long term success IMO.
Here's hoping the owners can balance the equation before they go the way of the Sleepy Dog.

Food was really good, I had the rueben on a pretzel bun.
My date had fish tacos that she raved about.
Lots of great beer and wine options with an awesome outdoor bar and patio seating.
Happy hour 7 days a week till 7pm with specials daily, yes I will be back!

Great food and great service.
Place was packed for dinner and our meals came out timely and delicious!
Can't wait to try again.

I Enjoy going to harvey's.
They keep some of my fave beers always on tap and their rotating handles always have something new and fresh to try out.
Service has always been good for me, I always sit at the bar.
I see a rotation of three different bartenders and all have been very nice and accommodating.
Try the three meat flat bread it is so good!
Also they do "taco wednesday" Full order of tacos only 5 dollars.
I got the carnitas and the meat was very good.
I didnt like the salsa all that much but I am not a big salsa guy to begin with so my opinion might not be valid =p

I really like this place.
Good beer selection and the food is great!
I do wish the beer selection would rotate a bit faster, but I can always find something I love on tap so not a big deal.
The only issue I have is that, unless I'm sitting at the bar, there has been a couple instances of slow service.
It's not as bad as others have said but it can happen.
The food and beer selection definitely make up for any of that though.
Oh and check out the Prime Rib on Sundays!

Great afternoon at Harvey American public house

My boyfriend and I stopped into Harvey American a few weeks ago before going to a movie.
We tried to go to a place around San Tan village but found it to be too busy.
We walked into the bar and were greeted by the bartenders.
We sat down and a bartender explained to us the mug club and let us know what was on tap.
They did well in checking in with us frequently enough but not too often.
We came back last weekend and sat out on the patio.
The decor was nice; I liked the fire pit and the seating arrangement.
It really had a great ambiance.
Again our Service was great.
Both times we had drinks only, but I would love to try out the food.
There is a good selection of beers on tap, which was nice!
Overall- great beer choices, good location, nice patio and friendly bartenders!

We come here often.
Throughout the week.
Something has happened with the management.
This place used to serve awesome food abd the beer was excellent.
Our past 4 visits have  proven otherwise.
Service has fallen to an all time low.
Food quality has dropped 50 notches.
Examples:  last wed night we ordered tacos.
They came out ice cold.
Tortillas were like leather.
Ordered 4 different bottled beers and none were in stock.
Ordered wings.
Came out half baked and half of a full order.
I could go on.
Lets get it together folks!!
You are losing customers.
Our friends have stopped coming for the same reasons listed above.

Atmosphere is good, especially the patio.
Food was ok, came out cold.
Not sure if it was the kitchens fault or the waitress.
Service was deplorable.
I usually go to Blue 32 which is next door, but the wait was too long that night so I thought I would try Harvey American.
Next time I will wait it out at Blue 32.

We frequent this restaurant because they have a great patio and we have never had a bad meal.
We have had burgers, chicken tenders, stroganoff, chicken caesar salad among other things.
I am looking forward to trying this huge pot pie that I saw someone order the last time I was there.
I will say that we tried sitting at the bar one time and the service was horribly slow as 3 bartenders/waiters continually walked by with us without refilling drinks, bringing the check or picking up the payment.
Service at the normal tables is exceptional and we were told that everything from the salad dressing to the noodles are made in house.

I have not tried the food, but the bartenders are great and the service on the patio is good.
They have great beer selection for a restaurant.
They also had a chalk board displaying what beers would be on tap next, which was a great way to lure me back!

The food is delicious and the beer selection is good too.
I had the dry rubbed pork ribs.
Stone IPA was really good too.

This place has a few kinks to work out.
That being said, the food was good.
Staff could use more training.
The patio is fantastic and large.
The indoor seating is adequate and fairly uncomfortable.
I understand the old american theming but the seats could use a little more padding.
Lots of beers on tap and sometime there is live music which definitely adds to the draw.
Will try again.

We had a birthday party in the side-room.
The location itself was clean and had nice decor.
The live bands were pretty good and helped set the relaxed atmosphere.
There was a pretty good selection of beer on tap.
The waitresses were friendly and very attentive to the guests.They helped us set up, stored our ice cream cake, and cleaned up our decorations.
The food was standard, pretty good for a bar/grill but nothing particularly special.
I highly recommend Harvey American Public House for casual hang-outs, parties, and events.

Mediocre at best.
Food/ bar was the only good thing about this place.
Bar service was prompt and appetizers were tasty.
As for my salad.. Not so much.
It tasted too sweet.
I believe it was the strawberry salad.
The waitress also liked to disappear for 30 minutes to an hour, even though it wasn't busy.

Wow, what can I say.
The food has ALWAYS been amazing but the service is night and day.
The service we received today and the past 2 times has been excellent.
Amazing servers, great beer and food.
don't forget to try their onions rings, they are fantastic!

I was there last night may 8th around 9pm to listen to a band I like to follow.
Short story I'll never go back.
The place was no busy I was just the 4th person at the bar yet two bartenders on duty... Should have had excellent customer service right?
Nope.
I had one beer and asked for a menu,  given one but was never asked if I wanted anything.
I was obviously an interpretation to this lady bartender social hour.
I had to ask her to take my order in passing but still had to wait.
I would have left sooner but was the to hear some accistic music.
I ordered a salad that was rushedly thrown on front of me.
I finished my one beer and placed it out to signal I wanted another but instead she took my almost finished salad and my empty beer and went back to socializing with her friends.
I couldn't handle such poor customer service,  and had the second guy get my tab.
I would never go there again.
On top of that the $5 salad was about a half a Palm full of greens,  a rip off.
That bartender though shouldn't be working,  she's doing harm to your business.

Started outside at first and had great service, but with people smoking on the patio, it ruins it for those who don't smoke and are forced inside, or leave all together.
We chose to go inside.
Our new server was just as accommodating and we had a great time.
Nice beer selection and food was just as good.
Very clean atmosphere and the young man singing and playing guitar was awesome!

Sometimes little long to wait but overall worth it!
Large selection on tap and the food is amazing!!
Great place!
Would recommend to anyone to try out!!
Also have  live music on some nights!

Back again.
We've been seeing good adjustments.
The service and food quality are back to good levels.
The nanager is walking the floor.
Beer is in stock.

Too expensive!!!
We had the Risotto balls and Harvey chips.
Chips were great but overpriced...same with risotto!
Laura was awesome though!

I stopped in another night..every place can have a poor employee or bad night.
The next stop in the service was worse yet and there were numerous people walking out and going next door to Blue 32.
Such a shame, all the investment and nice place to have lazy employees ruinit.
Actually I guess it's poor management for allowing lazy servers.
There wont be a third try that's for sure.

Have eaten here several times and generally the food is pretty good.
Not great, but good for a beer and burger place.
The reason for the two stars is the wait staff.
The last few times we have gone in we are met with an attitude of indifference at the door that seems to permeate the wait staff.
Waited a long time to for our first contact with the waitress, though she was pleasant.
Seems she had customers on the patio as well as inside and was spread thin, so it was a long time between visits.
First beer came timely,  but could not get the attention of anyone for a refill when our food came.
A different waitress dropped off our food (and that was literally what she did) and quickly turned away and did not ask if we needed anything else.
Furthermore, she went out of her way to avoid our conspicuous attempts to get her attention for something we needed.
In the meantime our first waitress was busy on the patio and, apparently, waitress #2 was not happy that she had to serve us our food, because she continued to ignore our attempt to get her attention, even glaring and looking through me at one point.
Although this was "Trivia night" (for the life of me I don't understand what a restaurant gets out of this since most participants seem to only buy drinks), the place was not crowded or busy and there seemed to be plenty of employees to go around the room and tend to the customers that were present.
This is only an account of the third bad experience we have had with service.
There have been others, interspersed with satisfactory experiences.
We both have many years in the restaurant business and our assessment of the reason for this uneven experience falls on management.
First, choose people that are committed to the success of your business.
There are many competitors out there waiting to take your place if you stumble.
Second, management has the responsibility to make certain staff is well schooled in how to deal with customers, including the technique of scanning the room and making eye contact with those that seem to be looking for something.
There are usually additional sales involved in doing this competently.
Third, management needs to be present and observant so that when it is apparent things are not going well, they can do what they are paid to do, i.e.
make it right.
You only get so many bites at this apple HAPH, so you better get it right or Gilbert ends up with yet another vacant building with a "For Lease" sign in the window.

