Most major cities have their big museums; but did you know most have smaller specialized museums too?
Phoenix, AZ is no exception and it has some of the very best in the country.
One of these is the Phoenix Police Museum.
Recently moved into the old Police Headquarters building downtown it is a small space, but with lots of law enforcement history from early frontier days of horses and guns and bad guys, right up to the present time of gangsters and drugs and kids without a focus in life.
The Museum is a great introduction to kids on how and why police are part of the stability of a community, our community.
Amongst the many artifacts exhibited are both a police car and a motorcycle that kids (and big folks too!
) can sit in/on and pretend they are defending their family, friends and neighbors.
Mom or Dad can take their pictures for the family vacation scrapbook.
Although the Museum is currently only open during the week, hopefully that will change as downtown Phoenix becomes more vibrant on the weekends.
Hopefully, someday the old jailhouse upstairs will be part of the Police Museum too.
And if your ancestors were part of the thriving Phoenix law enforcement community of the past and you have "artifacts" that will help tell our community story, please consider donating (or permanently loaning) them to the Phoenix Police Museum.
They will cared for with loving hands and hearts.
and don't miss the Memorial Room and pay your respect to the wonderful men and police dogs who have given their lives to defend our way of life.
Their sacrifices have made Phoenix one of the safest communities to live in in the United States.
The day a friend and I visited the Museum we were fortunate enough to be there with a docent named "Tom.
" Tom is a retired Police Officer with a wealth of knowledge and a strong desire to share the stories and history of his life's work with all who are lucky enough to find and visit this small museum.
It is a self-guided exhibit, but with Tom's help we were able to share so many back stories behind the exhibits.
It was a special treat to have such a knowledgeable and outgoing docent.
Thank you Tom!
Thank you to all the wonderful men and women who give of their time and effort to make sure we, as a community, are safe, sound and secure.

Well, of course it's 5 stars.
How many other Phoenix Police Museums are there?
This is it, and it's as good as it gets.
Really, it's worth a visit if you can fit one into their 9-3 M-F schedule.
Free admission, and if you have kids they'll get to wear real Phoenix PD shirts and play in a retired patrol car and on a meter-maid's 3-wheeler.
There are dioramas showing the evolution of the department from the horse-and-buggy days to modern times of bomb-squad robots and body armor.
It's rather small but nicely arranged, and part of one exhibit pays tribute to Phoenix as the birthplace of the Miranda rights read to each suspect  nationwide for the last 45 years as they are being wrestled into the back seat of a cruiser: "You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say .
"  Interesting gift shop area as well.

Fantastic place!
Just as other reviewers have mentioned, it has displays from the beginning of law enforcement in AZ to today.
While this was cool for an adult, it really is exciting for the kids!
I took a 6 and 4 year old.
I thought they would be bored and want to leave after a few minutes, but we were there for over 2 hours!
I had to drag them away!
The kids got to wear real police uniform shirts, get into a police car and pretend.
They loved "driving", using the radio, and playing with the computer.
The motorcycle was a big hit as well.
There was even a helicopter!
Unfortunately, that was off limits.
:)  If you want to spend an interesting time, I would highly recommend!
Linda spent a lot of time showing us around and explaining everything.
She gave wonderful directions when I got lost.
Google maps shows it on Madison, but it IS on Jefferson.
Also, free validated parking.
Donations accepted, not required.
We will definitely be back.
The kids wanted to know as we were leaving if we can go back tomorrow.

A fantastic little museum showcasing the history of Phoenix law enforcement with tons of neat memorabilia.
You can see the first jail (irons nailed to a rock!
), great displays of guns, uniforms and incredible old photos from the late 1800s, through the 1900s and into the present.
They have an old stagecoach, the city's first helicopter, the list goes on.
The best part was the delightful guide, a retired officer full of great stories and neat little details.

Really nice little museum.
Kids (and grown ups) can sit in the restored police car and on the motorcycle.
The exhibits are interesting and informative.
The staff is very enthusiastic and devoted.
A touching fallen officers memorial in one room.
The location is wrong, though.
It's in the back of the old courthouse on Jefferson.

