Tucked away in a street just off Haymarket, this restaurant was a lovely little find.
The decor is fresh, clean and modern.
A group of twelve of us went for their lunchtime offer of two courses for £7.50.
There's a b-i-g choice of starters and mains included in the lunch menu, and choosing was tricky as everything looked so tasty!
The quality of the food really is fabulous.
I had chicken springrolls for a starter - five delicate little springrolls with a gorgeous sweet and spicy dip.
The stir-fried beef as a main was served with sticky rice and the beef was tender and very tasty.
The servings are a good size, too - I didn't leave hungry, and if you know me, you'll know that this me very happy.
Bluerapa isn't licensed, but operates a BYOB policy with a £2 corkage charge.
They have a range of soft drinks on offer.
There were only two staff when we visited, a waiter and a chef.
They balanced out the workload well by taking orders for starters and mains separately, to allow the waiter to help in the kitchen.
Service was excellent, and very smooth indeed.
After our meal, we chatted to them both.
The diminutive lady chef is very enthusiastic about what she does, and explained that visitors are arriving by word of mouth - they haven't done any advertising.
They do have a few regulars who drop by for lunch quite often.
I'll definitely be going back.

Lovely wee and quiet place tucked away from main stream.
Food was very yummy.
Note: they do not have a licence but BYO

Extremely poor.
Tiny (& I mean minuscule) portions and served up cold and poorly presented...and clearly aged & frozen produce used to add insult to injury.
This is the third time I've eaten at Bluerapa over the past year and each time it's been worse than the previous.
After this episode I spoke to the manageress and was offered a 50% off next time, but to be honest I was so appalled by this experience that that's us done with this place.
Overpriced and under delivered.

Brilliant food and a very reasonable price.
This place is family owned and puts an effort into making sure we're satisfied.
My wife loves the pad thai and their curries are incredible.

