Countryside Dog park, is closer to me than Cosmo so I like it.
Countryside is an awesome park, they also have separate areas for big and small dogs, but we chose to just stick to the big dogs side (even though we have a 6 pound Morkie) She can hang.
Lola loved playing with the 90 lb rottweiler named Stretch and all the other dogs.
The feel at this park is similar to Cosmo in that all the owners are familiar with each other because they come so often, but this dog park seems more community oriented.
There was an older lady and one of the dog owners brought her a folding chair, the owners share and bring large coolers for water and treats for everyone.
All owners watch their dogs and play with other dogs as well.
There are plenty of benches and water fountains for the pups.
The one thing I like about this park in comparison to Cosmo Dog Park in Gilbert is the fact that the grass is a bit healthier and its less dirty.
Lola gets pretty dirty at Cosmo,  but she seemed pretty good at this park because there were no dry grass bits sticking to her fur.
The only thing that grossed me out was BIG dogs= BIG poops.
One owner neglected to clean up after her dog, perhaps she was just excited to socialize with the other dog owners, but it kind of erked me.
Love this place, Clean up after your pets!
Here are some other facts about the place:  *The off leash area is closed on Tuesdays for maintenance.
*The park has lighted baseball fields, bbq's, picnic tables, Ramada's, and walking trails!

I went yesterday morning (Friday) and Stormy had a blast!
There are tons of nice people to meet.
The park is basically a big grassy area and a chunk is blocked off for little dogs.
There's a double entrance gate... Left for the big park and right for the small park.
There's a big water fountain and buckets full of water.
Everyone I saw there picked up the poop.
Tennis balls are all over to use.
I've also been to Cosmo.
If you prefer a calmer, more one on one kind of place, Countryside is for you!

Great park, love how it is set up.
The doggie water fountain has bowls that don't look like they are cleaned often, so we always bring our own doggie water bowl.
The doggie poop bags run on a donation system, so bring your own because sometimes they're out.
Bring some plastic grocery bags to donate if you have plenty!
Also, a common mistake people make is sitting in the chairs or on the benches.
I've watched so many male dogs pee on those seats so many times, I'm absolutely amazed people still use those chairs.
I never sit down the entire time I'm there, and I'm peaches with that.
If you need to sit, recommend you bring your own chair.

Once again my husband and I decided to try countryside dog park.
Our previous experience had been when a pit bull attacked our 6 month old rescue puppy.
Now we brought that same dog back along with another rescue we adopted at Thanksgiving.
This experience proved to be just as bad as our previous experience.
The outer gate has a chain through it so it cannot be latched.
Everything was going well until our new rescue followed a woman with her two dogs into the double gate system.
My husband was calling our dog and the woman saw my husband coming to get our dog and opened the gate and purposely let our dog out!!
I was following with our other dog and was completely stunned by her actions!
When asked by both of us why she would let someone else's dog out she merely said he's a bad dog and then grinned at us.
I have never seen such ignorance in my life.
I don't understand her actions nor do I understand why the double gate system has been chained so it doesn't do it's job.
We will not be returning and I advise others to watch for a blond woman in a silver mini van who feels it's ok to disregard the safety of others dogs.

We did not enjoy being harassed by some guy with a pit bull when our nice husky was just sniffing his dog.
He harassed us for 5 minutes straight-to leave even though we had just as much a right to be there as him.
Our husky was not doing anything but playing and it was really dumb so we just left.
It made my wife feel unsafe to be harassed for nothing.
What a dick.
Quail run is the way better dog park and you won't get any bs that comes with bringing your family member around.

