Doggie District is so friendly & they love my dog!!
Weado loves them too!!
They even took pictures of him!!
He loves it there!

My dog loves the doggie district, he gets super excited when we pull up to the entrance, can't wait to get out of the car.
Whe I open the door he is real excited to see staff he wants to run to them.
Staff is great!
Jordan is super sweet and friendly.
Alex is awesome, made delicious cookies for pet parents.
Took advantage of their 12/12/12 12 dollar daycare special, made reservation with Kristy very very nice on the phone, gave me a report on what my dog did at daycare this past Saturday.

I recently adopted Labrador retriever and needed some place to kennel him when I flew back East.
I found Doggie District through a Groupon offer for discounted kenneling services.
I took my dog in for their orientation and will be a loyal customer from this point on.
First, my dog LOVES to be there.
When we pull into the parking lot in the morning for day care, his tail is wagging so hard it's thudding against the back seat of the car.
When he goes in, he runs right up to the staff and licks their faces and hands.
They know him by name (after the first day they knew who he was!
) and are happy to see him.
When I pick him up at the end of the day, my guy is wiped out!
He snoozes in the car on the way home and goes right to bed with no problem and sleeps through the night.
It's also making his training a lot easier, as he has the opportunity to burn off all that puppy energy during the day.
I love this place, love the staff and can't say enough nice things about them.
They treat my puppy just like he was theirs.

My husband and I were going out of town for a week and needed a place to drop the "kids" off for care while we were gone.
Called around and Doggie District gave the best prices and they did a military discount.
They said that a three day daycare orientation was necessary so they could make sure that the girls would do good in a new environment.
The first day was the hardest.
I have never been away from the dogs for no reason.
House was so quiet without them!
But they came home happy and exhausted from all the play!
Our three days went off without a hitch.
Each day I left them a little longer so they could get used to the different activities.
Each day they came home more tired than the last!
When it came time to drop the kiddos off before our trip, I was a wreck.
The girls kept reassuring me that they will be fine and that with all the playing they would be doing, they wouldn't even notice that I was gone!
I literally called every day, even before we left Vegas!
They gave me a little progress report every day and the girls were doing great!
Lucy and Stella had even made a few friends (and boyfriends!).
They really dealt with our babies little quirks, like when everyone went outside to play after "nap time" and Stella decided that she wanted to just stay in her "room" and veg.
When we got home, the girls were ecstatic to see us (obviously!
) and while my neighbor, who picked them up before closing, forgot their big blankie, the ladies emailed me to let me know that it was there and that I could pick it up the next day.
Went to pick it up and they had washed and dried it for us!
They really go the extra mile and we will definitely be bringing the girls (and their new baby brother) back to doggie district centennial!

I love taking my dog to doggy daycare.
They take such great of the dogs there and they keep up with all the cleaning, it never smells like there are dogs in there.
Every time I come, my dog is treated by his name and they are so happy to see him.
I always had a hard time letting him go to places like this because I feel like no one will care for him like I will, however I do not worry with Doggy Daycare.
Then dogs are always out of the cage, except for feeding times and they get outdoor play too, if I was a dog I would love it.

My husband and I were new to Las Vegas and needed to go out of town for a week.
We called a few different places trying to find somewhere to leave our dog.
This place was the closest and seemed okay, but they must not be looking for new business because I called and left a couple of messages and they couldn't be bothered to call me back.

This place is fantastic!
Everyone that works there is friendly, and my puppy's tail wags like crazy the minute we walk in the door.
I've used them for day camp, and also for overnight boarding, and couldn't be happier with the level of care she's received.
They even sent me a coupon for a free day when she hadn't been there for awhile, just to keep them fresh in her memory!
I always know that she plays hard when she's there, because she crashes when she gets home.
It's nice to have a place that I can really trust to take care of my puppy as if she were one of their family.

My Ridgeback has been going to DoggieDistrict North and Centennial since 2008 for both boarding and daycare.
I've always experienced top notch service and my dog can't wait to go back.
Now I just need them to open a location closer to my house.
I feel bad as I read some of these poor reviews and try to imagine under what circumstances the bad experiences took place.
The only thing I can relate to is as DD expanded (and boy did they expand), they must have had a hard time staffing the talent needed to care for all the dogs and deal with us demanding pet owners.
Eventually they always do, otherwise you would not find the amount of loyal and regular customers they have.
Some minor injuries and scrapes will always happen.
The dogs are playing their hearts out all day long and that's exactly what I'm paying my money for: an exhausted pup at the end of the day.
I often find my dog playing well with others at the dog parks and on hikes only to find out after talking to the owners that they've been playing together at DD for years.
Keep up the good work!

We have been brining our Bulldog Chuck to the Rainbow location and then the Centennial location since July of 2011.
I loved the Rainbow location but once the Centennial location opened up, my fiancé and I were very happy because it is much closer to our house and now we both could take the dog to daycare.
We got a Boxer puppy in February of last year and as soon as she was old enough and had her shots and had been evaluated, Bacon started going there as well.
I have always had a great experience with the service at Doggie District.
I had one concern at one point and was able to speak to the owner on the phone about it.
They have great rates, offer a military discount, and really do treat the dogs like kids.
I get a report every day when I come to pick them up, and sometimes my girls are a pain and we can work on what they are doing wrong.
I have been really happy with the service of Jordan and Lisel in particular.
I had never boarded Chuck until October 2011 and was very nervous to leave her, but honestly, Chuck wasn't' sad to leave me.
Our girls come home tired and I feel less guilty about how long we are away from home with work.
We usually take them three days a week, sometimes more, sometimes less.
I would definitely recommend getting the package deals because they make daycare more affordable.

I  love Doggie District!!!
The staff is friendly and the facility is always clean.
When my little Tito can't be at home, I feel good knowing he's at Doggie District :)

Whenever I bring Jake in to Doggie District, he is so excited.
He loves to play all day and get rid of some of that puppy energy that he has.
When I bring him home at night, he is exhausted, to the point that he even falls asleep on the short drive home.
:)  I have boarded Jake here overnight as well, and the staff is very caring and attentive to his needs.
I never feel apprehensive about leaving him for any amount of time, whether for daycare or boarding.

Just moved to Las Vegas from Chicago with my golden retriever Paisley!
Before I even moved out here I was in contact with this place because of its great reviews!
I'm so glad I found Doggy District in Centennial Hills!
The staff is so friendly and seem to genuinely care about your dog...and you!
My dog gets so excited every morning when I put his leash on because he knows he is going to doggy daycare!
They also have great packages to purchase which can save you money in the long run if you are a frequent daycare visitor!
Definitely recommend :) So thankful for the wonderful staff and Doggy District!

Doggie District Centennial is amazing!
The front staff is so friendly and helpful.
All the employees at this location are outstanding with my little girl.
Zoey has been coming here for about a year now, 3-4 times a week and she absolutely loves it.
The mornings she knows she is going she is wagging her tail and ready to go from the moment I make her lunch.
She loves staying the night there, which we do maybe once a month if we know we aren't going to be home that night, I feel so comfortable leaving her at Doggie District, she literally is like my child and everyone there treats her that way!
This is such a great place and I recommend anyone to take their pets here!

Doggie District Centennial is amazing!
The front staff is so friendly and helpful.
All the employees at this location are outstanding with my little girl.
Zoey has been coming here for about a year now, 3-4 times a week and she absolutely loves it.
The mornings she knows she is going she is wagging her tail and ready to go from the moment I make her lunch.
She loves staying the night there, which we do maybe once a month if we know we aren't going to be home that night, I feel so comfortable leaving her at Doggie District, she literally is like my child and everyone there treats her that way!
This is such a great place and I recommend anyone to take their pets here!

Doggy District is the best!
They are very clean and professional!
My dog never wants to leave when I go to pick him up!
I highly recommend to anyone looking for a great Doggie Daycare!

Davidson loves Doggie District!!!
But more importantly I like Doggie District!!!
I know that my pet (family member) is being well taken care of and has a full day of activity, exercise and attention.
The facility is bright and clean and the minute you walk into the door you're put at ease by each individual that knows you and your pet by name.
It's an extravagance but well worth the peace of mind knowing that all is well until you pick them up at after a day of work or I'm sure being out of town which I wouldn't hesitate to do.
The District is his second home and he wiggles all the way there each morning and barks all the way to the front door announcing his presents for the day.

This place is awesome!
We take our Aussie puppy there at 2 times a week and every time we go out of town.
He absolutely loves it!
He is a water dog and loves the pool and hose play time.
All the people who work there are amazing and truly enjoy what they do and love playing with the dogs.
Bring your dog in, they will love it and you will too when they sleep all night.

My lab just recently finished the Lodge and Learn program with Jordan and Katie last week.
I want to say that it was worth every last penny I spent.
At 70lbs and just over a year old, my dog was acting like the typical youngest furchild - sat when he wanted, lay down when he wanted, ate before the food even hit the floor, and nearly pulled my arm out of its socket when we would go for a walk.
After 10 days of training, if I tell him to sit, he sits down and stays until I allow him to get up.
I can put his favorite treats on the floor in front of him and he will not touch them until I say it's okay.
When we go on a walk, he stays in the "heel" position unless he has to go to the bathroom.
I have a totally different dog!
What makes me happy is that I can trust him now more than I could before.
The staff was great about him being away - I got updates on him nearly daily.
I no longer have to worry about him jumping up on people, I can have guests without him barking non-stop, and I can take him around other dogs and he will stop what he is doing and listen to me first instead of just doing what he wants to do.
And his personality wasn't broken - he's still the same, lovable, tail-wagging goof he was before training, but now he knows his boundaries.

This review is a statement of facts.
Our two toy poodles were dropped off by us on dec. 23 and stayed at the doggie district til dec. 26th.
They came back traumatized, vomiting and having diarrhea from the time they came home until today, dec. 30th.
The staff would not let us see the facility and was not over friendly, but told us they would take good care of the dogs.
We will never take our dogs to doggie district ever again, not even to play.
I don't know how the other locations are, but this one is no good.
Erika L.

Doggie District on Centennial is a home-away-from-home for our 2 dogs.
If it wasn't for their weekly trip, we would all have gone crazy years ago.
The staff is not only excellent, but they care our about our dogs as much as we do.
We have so many fun pictures from their time there......this place is the best.

