Nice and clean.
We were greeted at the door with cookies.
staff is still learning, please be patient with them.
:) Out of small bowls do we were upgraded to large salads!!
Point system is down, save your receipt.

Yep, I had a salad for lunch today.
A nice manly, Southwest Chicken Caesar salad.
I threw the girls at this new Paradise Bakery location a curveball and ordered the large with two chocolate chip cookies to go.
They hit it out of the park.
My plastic salad container was filled to the max.
Plus it had tons of spicy, chipotle caesar dressing.
Just the way I like it.

This is a newer location for the restaurant and was impressed!
The atmosphere is more semi to formal then other locations and very cozy and comfortable.
Went in there this past Saturday evening to host a Tupperware social and it was very pleasant and NOT noisy as other locations.
Staff was friendly and very helpful.
We even stayed late and they were very patient with us.
Roast beef Asiago very tasty and the french onion soup was awesome with the melted cheese inside.
Their chocolate chip cookies are Wonderful!
Thanks again Arrowhead Paradise Bakery, plan to see you again soon!

It's Paradise Bakery, so you know what you're getting.
Pretty good food, at a decent price.
Salads are always great, and you can't beat the cookies.
And the atmosphere is pretty solid for lunch meetings, dinner with someone, etc.
Very casual, but not overly so.
One gripe I have about this location: service times always seem slower here.
Like there's people trying to stay busy doing other things and not exactly expediting the process of moving customers through the line.
There are definitely some great people working here, but for example, the other night I waited almost 30 minutes for a sandwich and a half for a to go order.
Not worth that kind of wait while my soup is cooling off, you know?

I never liked the way you're supposed to order your food at Paradise - it could get confusing if you have a big order and you need to keep track of all the sandwiches, salads, soups, etc...
Anyhow, I still go to Paradise because the food IS tasty and their cookies are yummylicious.
Went to dinner here tonight with my husband and three little ones.
I ordered our food and of course received the salads and soups right away since they serve it up while you're standing there.
We sat down and waited 25 minutes (!!!
) for our sandwiches and my daughter's Mac n Cheese kids meal.
And we got there when it was slow!
We noticed people that got there after us already had their food.
Then finally a guy comes up with the wrong kids meal.
Finally a manager arrived with our food.
She apologized and said she would give us a refund.
I thought she was going to refund a sandwich, but she ended up refunding us the full $45!
For that I was grateful.
While my husband was waiting for her to refund our dinner, I noticed a couple people were at the counter because their orders were wrong or they too were receiving a refund of some sort.
The manager was nice.
The other staff were so-so.
Next time we'll go to another location...

This is one of my staples for lunch on the west side.
We don't have many healthy options here, so I usually go here about 1 time a week.
I always get the broccoli cheddar soup and possible a salad.
I like to get my baby a little PBJ kids meal, and sometimes I eat some of that.
The cookies are so good, but I try to avoid them (unsuccessfully) to still eat healthy.
I either go to this one or the one on N 67th and the 101.
It can get pretty busy, but this one has lots of seating.
The people are always nice and friendly.
Sometimes I get confused by how to order.
I am used to its sister store Panera where you just go to a counter.
Here I always get stuck behind sandwich people and don't know if its ok to cut ahead of them to the salad or soup area.
One thing I wish Paradise would start doing that Panera does is give those cute little apples with meals.
I loved those!
I would always give them to my horse.
It was the perfect horse treat.

I do not remember why, but i always thought I hated paradise bakery.
I think I had a crappy sandwich once before.
Well I was craving a salad with fruit and cheese while across the street at platos closet, so I stopped in for a fiji apple salad (1/2 dressing)  to go.
I spoted the mini carrot cakes and needed one desperately.
I received very nice customer service, a little shock at the price, but once I ate and drank my yummy mango tea I was on cloud nine!!!!!
The salad was perfect, 1/2 dressing is the way to go for me, fruits cheesy nutty heaven.
The carrot cake was a food climax (haha, had to) in my mouth.
I love paradise now, gonna be back much more often.
Oh I also had a zucchini muffin a different time and it was amazing as well!

I've enjoyed meals at dozens of Paradise Bakery & Cafe's.
My husband loves the salads.
My granddaughter can't live without the Mac 'n  Cheese.
The experience is consistently good.
Today, at this store, it was even better!!!
The staff was very well-trained and super-friendly.
If I  could possibly eat another bite, I'd go right back in and do it again!

This is a place that has been a mall and Terminal 4 at Sky Harbor (before security) and has seemed to have free standing locations popping up all over.
I saw one at 67th just South of Union Hills and this one across from the mall.
My Mom told me Panera bought this place and while I could see some Panera items, this place was Panera on CRACK.
Mom and I stopped in for a quick lunch on my February trip to Arizona.
We were in between errands for my Grandmother and needed a place to gather our bearings and have something to eat.
We split a sandwich with chicken, avocado, lettuce, tomato and mustard on a dark rye (something Panera doesn't have) and it was tasty.
The folks working there were very helpful and it gave my Mom and I a much needed place to plan, divide and conquer.
With Wildflower Bread Company now open across and just up the street, I doubt I will be coming here but it did exceed my expectations.

Love this bakery.
Little pricey but good food & the tea's are amazing

The atmosphere is great at Paradise.
I come here to work on school and spend hours at a time.
I love how they have outlets at most booths for me to plug in my computer.
The food is good, but for $6.79 I would expect more to eat.
I am fine with a true serving size of fruit and eggs, but do not charge nearly seven bucks for it.
The fruit "cup" is actually a condiment container that can hold about six grapes.
The egg items probably contain two eggs.
Again, enough food, but they charge the same price as Denny's where I'll leave with a to-go box.
The nice staff, great atmosphere, and lack of stinginess for use of WiFi still earns it four of five.

I ordered the Chicken Hummus salad most recently and it was delicious, even after four hours sitting in the to-go box!
I am always impressed by the staff; they are always kind and helpful.

I love their items I stop by a couple of times when visiting Phoenix.
Very fast service and good quality food.
I just don't like when you get ring up some cashiers don't ask you for your reward card.
I hate having to remind them, it comes off as it's a hassle to them.
My favorite is the fire roasted tomato soup, I wish panera bread offered it.
Good location parking is kinda annoying because you have to park far bit it's worth it.

Used to love eating here, but quality has declined & cost has increased.
Food is ok, but the value leaves a lot to be desired--$3.99 for a fruit cup?
More than $8 for a sandwich?
Do yourself a favor & head over to Zupas--the food is better & value is far superior, especially their kids meal.

1st, don't open at 6, open at 7:00 I waited to buy a fresh baked scone, 7:10, not one item available for sale,  3 people working, had a rack blocking the entrance, said the baker was late.
Seem more interested in lunch and opening until 11:00pm than in providing bakery items.

Paradise Bakery has good food for reasonable prices, and I eat here fairly often.
I particularly enjoy their salads.
I don't think I've ever paid more than $10 for a lunch, which is about what I'd expect at a place like this.
It does seem like their menus have decreased lately, though.
They used to have this delicious steak salad, but it is now gone, and one of the employees told me their southwest chicken caesar (also one of my favorites) is on the way out, too.
Apparently Panera bought out the chain about five years ago and has been making gradual changes to the menu, which as far as I am concerned are definitely for the worse.
I'll keep eating here for now, but if the menu loses too many more items which I enjoy I enjoy I may stop coming.

Today was my first visit and I would go back.
I had the chicken salad sandwich, my husband had a salad (I can't remember the name) and both were delicious.
It was clean, lots of choices and reasonable prices.
They had lots of delicious flavored serve-it-yourself iced teas and service was quick.
Will definitely return.

