This new chain patisserie has prime location on North Bridge for passing trade, and has got it right with the cake-ridicularity display in the shop window.
Cakes as big as your face, of all shapes, sizes, colours, and flavours.
Inside a smaller cabinet displaying macaroons, fruit tarts, chocolate gateaux, and individual chocolates.
The café itself is quite big, with a faux-Parisian feel to it.
For me it was a little bit 'trying-too-hard' and more akin to a Disney style themed-café than a genuine French patisserie.
The tables are quite close together, despite it being big, meaning it was a bit of a squash and constant shuffling everytime your neighbour wanted to get up or sit down.
The other thing I noticed was the staff (not all of them, but quite a few) were a little brisk, and dare I say rude.
I was standing in the aisle and they squeezed past me with a glum look on their face without saying 'excuse me'.
Fine if you're a customer, but if you're a staff member, making the customers feel like a constant inconvenience isn't the nicest.
They've got savoury food, breakfasts (porridge, fruit salads, eggs benedict), sandwiches and paninis, as well as all the cakes.
I didn't get to try any but I would wager that Sharon G is perhaps right and it's a little more style over substance.
Probably a great place to come for a mid-day-girls-out-shopping excursion for a proper big slab of sugar-rush and coffee, to giggle over and pretend you're in SATC.
It was really busy when we came in and will probably continue to be really busy.
What is it with people liking cake?

The "Double Chocolate Gateau" was delicious-rich, creamy, and chocolatey!!
The mini French macaroon at 85p each is really good also.
Both the lemon cheesecake and the chocolate black forest cake were not too bad - not too sweet but not amazing or anything.
The chocolate milkshake, however, was quite watery and doesn't taste like a milkshake at all.
Cakes are a bit under 3 pounds - cheaper to take away

I really wanted to like this place.
I like continental cafés where one can eat fresh pastries and drink coffee.
Over priced, stale almond 'croissant'.
More like over sized stale bread, most definitely once frozen on the inside (that weird texture and taste).
Almond paste was ok, but this is often bought as a pre-made paste so no surprises here.
The quality of patisserie valerie in London, Bristol and Cambridge is far superior to that of patisserie valerie in Edinburgh.
I shall not be returning.
If you want good pastries go to: la barantine in bruntsfield, the wee boulangerie on south clerk street or falko in bruntsfield.
For beautiful french  macaroons and cakes go  to Patisserie madaleine in stockbridge.
For great pastries and cakes, the chocolate tree in bruntsfield, jo jo's danish bakery near the royal mile and peters yard near george square/or the new branch in stockbridge.
Do not waste your money and patisserie valerie's.

Stopped in on Saturday with my mum to get a treat after our day out in Edinburgh.
The window display looked lovely and we went in to explore.
I am vegetarian & don't eat gelatine, so I asked the lady at the counter what was veggie?
She didn't know!
After asking two other colleagues and humming and hawing, the result was that all their cakes are brushed with gelatine to give them that shiny finish.
There was a pastry that was ok, and that's it.
wow that was rubbish!
I spotted their macaroons and decided to have a couple so I wasn't leaving empty handed, they were nice but not a patch on Lauduree of Paris and 85p each was a little on the expensive side.
The one stars was for the lack of knowledge / training of their staff about what they are selling.
This place is not for me.

Continuing on our search for a place to get dessert in Edinburgh I remembered seeing Patisserie Valerie on my walks around town.
We walked back across town to go there.
In the end it wasn't really worth the walk across town but it's fine if you're in the neighborhood and want something sweet.
We ordered the chocolate cake and a waffle with ice cream.
The chocolate cake was, in all honesty, far too rich and sweet and had that "left in the fridge too long" taste all over the outside.
The waffle with ice cream was pretty amazing.
I would recommend that over day old cake any day.
Now, which would you think was more expensive?
Nope...wrong.
A quick and easy waffle that you get for free at a chain hotel was OVER £6!!!!
That's ridiculous.
Even with a scoop of ice cream - that's ridiculous.
The place itself was busy but half the people in there appeared to be staff/waiters/waitresses.
Even with all of the staff wandering around it was hard to get the attention of any of them...except when you first walk in the door and they all pretty much attack you.
I guess what I'm saying is that if you are in dire need of a dessert fix and you're right in front of the place go for it otherwise just figure something else out.

Good apple tart,good green tea, shop clean and nice decor.
Good display, nice look.
The waitress was polite !
Thank you Giuseppe.

The things in the front window looked enchanting.
My two girls were dying to find out what they tasted like.
It was very busy on Sunday afternoon in the run up to Christmas but we patiently waited 10 minutes for a table.
We were seated and then left to languish while wait staff stood milling around at the front of the cafe.
Staff walked past us many times but never asked us if we would like to order.
The children grew antsy and after 15 minutes at the table, plus the 10 waiting for a table, we just left.
The kids were sad but we had much better service at The Elephant House in George The IVth Bridge.
I would like to say the pastries are worth it but we will probably never know.
Poor.

Lacking in flavour... Just doesn't have the fresh taste...
Were the cakes frozen?

Not my cup of tea...  Their cakes are nice, yeah I'll give you that, and their coffee is pretty good also, but do they deserve the mass plaudits they are getting?
I don't believe so.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not one of those 'cake and eat it' kind of guys, but my opinion of a great concept is somewhere that ticks all the boxes, and not one that puts all of its eggs in one basket.
Service is a sort of relaxed ignore you style.
When we came in we were welcomed as if we had just walked into the waiter's house,' hey guys sit wherever you like' - no eye contact.
The guy was scruffy and not particularly warm in his greeting.
10 minutes later somebody comes to take our order, it is 1130 and there are maybe 4 other tables in.
New girl did an ok job, but she struggled to understand my order, double espresso, OJ and Croque Madame.
The coffee was spot on, freshly ground and not too skimpy a measure, the food was a little different, but tasted fine, above average perhaps.
The layout of the restaurant is a little lost, the tables and chairs look like they were salvaged from the skip of an abandoned Wimpy, and the art work on the walls can best be described as 'best not to describe'.

Many a time I have been in Edinburgh and have walked past Patisserie Valerie on my approach to the Royal Mile and stopped to take a nosey, like many others.
Most people are gawping with their eyes wide open, drooling, and the others and snapping with their camera.
I was doing doing both today, prior to going in for a seat, cuppa and a sample of the goods!
Couldn't sample the goods without instagramming.
It'd be rude.
There are several different cakes, gateaux, pastries and desserts to see.
My blog has my photos....so so pretty.
www.houseofherby.com  If that wasn't enough, there were even more to view inside the cafe in the cabinets.
They had various fruit tarts: mixed, strawberry, raspberry, cupcakes, truffles, macarons, pastries...I could go on!
The tea room is a little dated inside, and because of how busy it is you lose the Parisian patisserie feel I'd have liked.
Lovely staff and quick service though.
I opted for a berry mousse.
Ahh, it was just lovely.
Lighter than air, nice and sweet berry flavours rather than tart or tangy, with a moist sweet sponge layer.
The top was a thin sheet of fruity jelly with a juicy big strawberry, blueberry and blackberry on top.
Gorgeous.
I'd say I got 1 of my 5 a day from it, so technically it's guilt free...

The first time l came to a patisserie Valerie coffee who was this one the displays looked real good on walking in.
The brand reminds me a lot of the Bradford tea rooms & bakery where years ago they where real good but went down hill after loosing their direction.
We had coffee and cheesecake after a few hours shopping I did enjoy the coffee that they serve here but don't rate their cakes as they where tasteless.
I find that the cake selection is rubbery as if too much gelatine is used to set the cakes to make them hold together.
The staff In this coffee shop where just standing around not knowing what to do, l had to approach someone to pay the bull as there was no none at the till.

bought cakes more than 20 times in their store...

