Sorry, Jimmie John's, but I had to give it a 2.
Not because the food doesn't taste good, but because you have screwed up my orders twice in a row now.
Considering this establishment has only been opened a month or two at this location, not really doing too well, thanks.
Namely, I have ordered sandwiches and asked for specific items to be added to those sandwiches and no, those items were not on the sandwich when I got back to the shop and we opened them up.
I thought it was awesome that they have the subs made so fast - like in less than a minute.
However, if speed compromises accuracy, then it isn't worth a hill of dog dung.
SLOW DOWN a bit and get the orders right!!
I did contact a manager at that store yesterday who apologized.
I'll go there a few more times and see what happens, this particular location is about a block away from where I work, so easy enough to go back.
Edited: Forgot to add that I am not going to take the manager up on his offer of a free sub.
I would rather pay and see if they are going to get this stuff right and not get any special treatment, just another face in a crowd and please get the order right.
I don't want to have to resort to opening up the wrappers on the subs I order, looking at it right there at the counter and seeing if they got it right - but if they are going to be Jack-In-The-Box style about accuracy, then that may be what I am going to have to do.
Editing: 5/16/2012 Went back again today.
I had forgotten on my main review of this place that there isn't a napkin to be found anywhere in the facility.
I have been in there a total of 4 times before today.
I was never offered napkins and couldn't find any, anywhere.
I was not asked whether it was to go and would I like my sandwiches in a bag on ANY of those 4 occasions.
I also forgot that I had also ordered oregano - it's a freebie you can ask for - on the last 2 visits and guess what I didn't get?
Oregano, of course.
Today, I ordered two sandwiches.
I don't know if they got my manager's sandwich right or not as I had to leave when I took it back to the shop.
But mine?
I asked for Dijon mustard.
Maybe they ran out?
There was so little of it on the sandwich I could hardly taste it and the same with the oregano.
Perhaps you have to go squeeze back in there with all those people working the line back there to tell them how much of anything you want?
If you ask for mustard, does it not therefore stand to reasonably expect that you can actually TASTE it in the sandwich?
I don't eat mayonnaise so I make up for that by having mustard put on.
They did get the peppers on this time, though the amount of onions on the sandwich?
Couldn't taste them, either.
This isn't a Subway sandwich shop where you can tell them how much of whatever you want on it, but since it isn't, if a person asks for something to be added, there should be enough on the sandwich to actually be able to TASTE that it's on there.
Because of today's experience, the rating stands at a 2.
It's not a 1 but it's definitely not a 3, either.
If/when their customer service level rises up a notch - meaning they actually listen to the customer and perhaps do what the customer asks, then it might go up to a 3...........and it would be helpful if they actually had napkins out where anyone can grab them!
Oh, I know, cost cutting measure.
Great, but on 4 visits I didn't receive a SINGLE napkin?
Look, in my book, simply because the people working behind the counter are nice and friendly does not make up for a complete lack of doing what you, the paying customer, are asking them to do.

Went again yesterday.
I asked for ample amount of Dijon mustard and again, when I actually bit into the sandwich, I didn't taste ANY mustard until about halfway through it,when I had a faint taste of it.
I have never been asked if I am eating in or taking out, the same this time.
When I was handed a sandwich - without a bag or napkins - I then simply stated I wanted it in a bag.
I assumed they would stuff napkins in with it, they did not.
Napkins are NOT available to you unless you ask for them, they do NOT have them set out anywhere to access them, I have learned, they are behind the counter.
Apparently, Jimmie John's expects you to eat your food without a single napkin available as they are not given to you with your sandwich and they are not offered and they are not available anywhere in the place except behind the counter.
I am going to call their corporate office and ask whoever I end up with some direct questions about how they feel each restaurant should be operated and with what parameters.
Does it sound petty?
Well, IMO, this shouldn't even be an issue to have to discuss, but it is and I find this company totally lacking in it's customer service set.

This will be my final update of this establishment.
I went in there again today.
This time I just flat out asked them why there aren't any napkins anywhere?
Oh, they got my sandwich right - for once.
Anyway, the 2 kids behind the counter start shrugging their shoulders then say: We aren't allowed to give you napkins or a bag.
But, they are "hiding" behind the counter.
???
What do you mean, you aren't allowed to give customers napkins?
Someone actually told you you cannot give a customer a napkin?
Well, they're hiding behind the counter, pointing to a huge stack of them - yes - behind the counter.
This is starting to get appalling.
So, they are intoning that if I want napkins I reach over the counter and grab them myself without asking.
Same with a bag, if you want to take your sandwich/sandwiches home or to your work with you in a bag, you will have to grab that bag yourself.
That was enough.
I asked for a manager.
A dude comes from behind the counter, the only one back there that wasn't a teenager and I asked him the same thing.
Why no napkins?
"Corporate policy".
Are you SERIOUS?!!!
What kind of blooming restaurant has a corporate policy NOT to give napkins to it's customers?!!!
He state the same regurgitated rhetoric: They're hiding behind the counter.
Well why bother having them there if no-one is allowed to USE them?
Shall I use my shirt sleeve to wipe my mouth?
Jimmy Johns is new to this area.
It was the 6th time I had been to this one, a new one just built a few months ago.
It is also the last time I will EVER go to that place.
They don't want to give out napkins and actually have a POLICY NOT to do so?
They can go stick it where the sun don't shine.

Oh Jimmy Johns, you chain sandwich place, why oh why do you have to be in my hood!!!!
Your free smells entice me your fresh bread delights me, oh I could live on just your bread alone, but now your close to my house and will deliver sandwiches to me, is this heaven or hell!!!!
Yep got me a Jimmy Johns right around the corner from my house now, and though I try to stay out of chain places, but I love love love me some Jimmy Johns!
My daughter and I were starving and didn't feel like making anything so she said lets order some sandwiches and have them delivered, I was like yea, let's see how Fast their Fast is!
Ok we ordered 2 Beach clubs & BAM!
at my place in less than 10 mins from time we ordered them!
Sandwich was fresh and delish, and didn't disappoint!
Yep I'm a Jimmy Johns fan!

I quit going there, my manager did not.
He came back from JJ's, looked in his bag and started shaking his head.
He had asked for mustard and mayonnaise packets.
Guess what wasn't in the bag?
"They can't get anything right.
It was a simply request.
You'd think with 20 people working back there they might get something right".
I no longer patronize this establishment, they have proven beyond any measure of doubt that their employees could care less about whether they get your order right or not.

I'm a Jimmy John's fan from living in Minnesota.
I was excited to see a joint open up in this area!
Free smells?
Tons of humorous reading entertainment on the wall?
Friendly service?
"Freak fast"?
Yep, all here.
Healthy fast food, way better than the so called "underground-rapid-transit" sub place, and super tasty food make Jimmy John's THE go to place for subs and sandwiches.
Sandwiches being one of my favorite lunch foods, there are several important factors that go into a superb sandwich.
First, you need to start out with doughy, thick, and flavorful bread (multi-grain bread is a top pick); check.
Next you need some sort of crunch, such as fresh and green lettuce, crispy onions, or pickles with a snap; check.
Most importantly, you need a variety of flavorful protein like turkey, chicken, capicola, salami and more that will compliment each other; check.
Oil and vinegar dressing is oh so simple but oh so savory and sweet.
Tons of available free add-ons, cheap and speedy delivery, and whole pickles available as a side... what more can you ask for?
Okay, you want a cookie?
They have those too!
The employees have fun while working and actually eat the food on their breaks (good sign that the food is good).
You can buy the regular sub loaves at the end of the day for cheap, and if you are not wanting to eat much bread, you can get your sandwich as an "unwich", which is all the regular stuff wrapped in enormous leaves of iceberg lettuce.
(Try the Gargantuan as an unwich; it's packed with meat, it's delicious, and it's definitely filling.

Love the subs, fast service, and they have a drive up window in Chandler

Fast, drive up window, and quality samiches!

Superb service.
Great value.
Wonderful sandwiches!
We bought the most expensive sandwich on the menu and my wife and I had to split it because it was so big.
I think the whole dinner including drinks was like $12.00 or something.
We loved the food.
The French bread is so good it reminded me of my time in Louisiana.
Everybody was friendly and helpful.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!

It's Jimmy John's... every time I've been to this location they're fast, the orders are made correctly and it's clean.
I have no issues here and continue to eat here.

Fast, efficent sandwich making here.
Not much as far as "service", cashier took order and moved me along.
Minute later I was out the door.
Works for me.

Sandwiches are good.
They have messed up my order multiple times.
They offer to bring me a new one but I opt for the free sandwich on my next order.
I have a limted lunch hour and do not have the extra time for them to remake and deliver me another sandwich.

Love Love Love JJ's!!!!!!!
They are a 1000 x's better then subway and Jersey Mike's.
So glad one opened up by my house!
Will be going there often!

Fantastic subs, good customer service and prices.
And really quick delivery service, Jimmy Johns is my spot.

I've ordered online for delivery quite a few times from this location, and like all Jimmy John's I was not at all disappointed.
Arrived quickly to my house, smile on the delivery person's face and sandwich was delicious.
Best part, there isn't an insane delivery charge for your stuff.
The actual building is nice too the one time I went in.
Friendly staff.
Would recommend this location as well as Jimmy John's in general.
Subway has nothing on Jimmy John's!

i worked at a jimmy johns in high school and i remember delivering to a decent sized area but its pretty lame that me living 3 blocks away couldnt get delivery.
i drove there and there were drivers standing around but they couldnt shoot straight down warner?

Not freaky fast delivery, ordered a few times, takes over an hour.

Ordered online.
It was super easy to customize my order.
It only took a minute or so to confirm the order through e-mail.
Left immediately afterwards by the time I got there it was waiting for me.

I've been here three times now and the subs get better everytime!!!
Fast delivery and great subs!!
Best cold subs in town!

DISGUSTING!
POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!
WILL NEVER ORDER AGAIN!
It really takes a lot for me, not only to complain to the restaurant itself but to go through the grueling process of writing a review is unheard of in my world.
I would have even kept my mouth closed and continued to frequent this establishment had they made me feel like a valued customer which I am and would have continued to be.
First of all, the "manager" Bo is completely incompetent.
My (almost) everyday ritual was to order the EXACT same sandwich through delivery and it has been good, most of the time.
However, today it was terrible and only when you have a problem with your order will you start to see how poorly the rest of the business is run.
After explaining my intention to take my business elsewhere due to the poor experience and also let others know, this "manager" Bo told me that I can stop "threatening" him.
That doesn't sound like something a manager or someone with a vested interest in the company would say now does it?
And furthermore, since when is letting a company know that you will take your business elsewhere a threat?
Anyway, my tuna sandwich that I order almost everyday had more mayo than actual tuna.
Thin strip of tuna, an inch layer of mayo glooping off the sandwich and getting all over my hands and everywhere else.
It was very sloppy, wet, soggy and absolutely disgusting and they were not willing to fix the situation unless it was immediately at that moment due to a "new company policy".
I will be calling and speaking to the GM tomorrow to question if this policy is real and if it will be continued because obviously you do not want another sandwich immediately when you have had a disgusting mess of one today.
I will not be returning and will be spending a lot of time letting others know how bad the service is with this place.
YUCK!

I loved Jimmy John's.
But recently there is something seriously wrong at this location on Arizona Ave.
I always order a Slim 5, its just bread, meat and cheese.
But the past 5 times I've ordered this simple sandwich, they manage to screw it up.
Its always missing cheese or they give me a #5 with all the condiments on it (im the pickiest eater in world and hate condiments on my sandwich).
I can understand how a slim 5 and #5 could get mixed up but the other 4 times, the cheese is missing!
How difficult can it be to put cheese and meat on bread?
Really now.
Maybe if the manager would stop juggling sandwiches, dropping them on the floor then serving those sandwiches to customers,  and pay more attention to what the staff is doing, there wouldn't be a problem.
But when I see the manager messing around plus 12 employees working, I can't even understand why the hell they forget the fucking cheese!!!!
Ridiculous.
I called and complained and left a survey for corporate,  now they're blowing up my phone trying to "make it right" with me, again, for the 5th time.
And calling me as much as they have is harassment.
This is how you make it right Jimmy John's... PAY ATTENTION TO WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
Stop fucking around and do your job, its really not that difficult.
You've lost a very loyal customer who came there weekly and ordered catering often.
All this because of your negligence over a few pieces of cheese.
How sad.

Ive been eating here almost everyday the last 2 weeks I love the roast beef slims and the delivery does not disappoint it is freaky fast!!
Highy recommended.

I do like the Club Tuna and the Cali Club is ordered a lot at our home.
The bread is my least favorite vessel for the delivery of delicious tuna and vegetables, but it'll suffice.
We also order chips to place upon the goodness that is the sandwich, because 'Merica.
And it's crunchy (plus the sandwich could use a little more flava...add hot peppers here).
The delivery charge sucks but it's cheaper than a DUI and doesn't involve getting dressed to enter the public realm so we sacrifice our couple of dollars.
Also, I'd be less annoyed ordering via phone if a: the website was more reliable via the phone or tablet app, b: anybody on the other end could stop interrupting me to ask me the question I'm going to tell them the answer to prior to the asking, and c: turn the damn music down for your employees so they can actually hear the customer.
Both times I've been in the store I've had to basically yell, and since I don't hear well in loud environments I absolutely refuse to enter by foot, and you'd have to hold a gun to my head to get me to use the drive through.
Enough blabbering though, the food is fresh, good to eat, and easy to prepare.

Sandwiches are great, clean restaurant and the service is good.
I will be coming back here.

I don't think I've had a more annoying delivery order.
Took 50 mins and multiple calls to get my sandwich.
I even asked to come pick it up but it was already on the way.
I tipped the guy still even though I wanted to give 0 only because he was nice and I felt guilty.
My sandwich isn't even what I ordered and even paid extra for different meat.
Freaky fast delivery?
How about order some more staff!
I called to let her know it was wrong after the long wait and she said they would send me the correct sandwich.
No one delivered the right sandwich.

