Free snacks, internet, movies, and a place to rest up = WIN!
Thank you to all the volunteers and donations that keep this place going for all us service members.
I dropped $10 as the USO always has programs that gives back ten fold.

Always support your local USO even if you're not active duty or retired!
God Bless America!

This USO is great!
Very nice and helpful volunteers.
They have a huge selection of snacks and drinks.
I came here to do homework while on my Vegas trip because I was computerless.
So lucky as husband is active military.
This is a great place to go if you're waiting for your flight.
I always drop a donation whenever I visit USOs as they are always so accommodating and nice.
On one particular visit, I was able to webcam with my husband who is stationed in Texas right now.
If it's not too busy, they will let you take in a friend of two.
Husband will be stationed at Nellis AFB in January, so I am sure I will be visiting this particular USO regularly prior to flights.

As USOs go, this one is decent.
There's a sleeping area, there are 2 computers, drinks, snacks, and some frozen things that can be warmed up.
The volunteers were nice and friendly as well.
Not a bad place.
:)   It's also the only one in the airport, so you might as well patronize it!

Comfy theater chairs & TV, snaks, wifi, friendly helpful volunteers.
So glad we  stopped in to check it out, we we're planning on wasting time at the Gate D AmEx lounge which would of been going thru D security.

Free to military members!
I donate to the USO because I'm familiar with the good work they do.
I also take advantage of their lounges in airports whenever I can.
I used to be reluctant to spend time in the USO but I've discovered it's a great alternative to the Airline Clubs and Lounges.
There was food, and a large screen television and comfy recliners.
One could easily fall asleep and many do.
More military members should take advantage of the services of the USO.
The volunteers are friendly and welcoming.
Also I encourage everyone to donate if they can.
A lot of so called charities don't do what they say, but as with this location, the USO really delivers on their promise to support servicemembers.

This is the best USO that I've been too, it's open 24 hours run by a group of awesome people who want to help out military folks.

