I really like this nail salon.
They always have staff ready, or will call one in from a sister salon across the street.
They actually sanitize the footbaths and have good massage chairs.
I go here all the time and their prices are reasonable for being so close to downtown.

Always enjoy my experience here!!
Place is always clean and massage chair are primo.
The pedicures seem last about 2-3 weeks and the callous remover works  wonders!!

They do a great job Been coming here since they opened a couple years ago Happy with the service  a good clean place to go

I had a great manicure and spa pedicure for $37.
They were able to fit me in when I called at 5:00pm on a Saturday night.
The decor is nice and inviting -- painted cloud ceilings and lucky bamboo.
Both technicians did a thorough job and also massaged my arms and legs with lotion.
I enjoyed the whole experience!

To be honest, every time I come here I end up unsatisfied.
Their prices are extremely high, and although their nail techs are qualified, they never seem to do what I ask them to do.
Whenever I get my nails done I always do gel mani and gel pedi together.
At most places I go, I get charged $60 for both.
Here I get charged $80.
The water for the feet soaks is below room temp- so, pretty much cold.
My nailbeds always have cuticles remaining as I leave, and (in the case of the last time I was here) the polish didn't even go down to where my nail actually starts.
I have pictures (taken less than 24hrs from when I was in the salon) posted.
Extremely dissatisfied.
The only reason I come here is for convenience of location.
Otherwise, my recommendation would be to stay away if you want to get a good manicure and not pay an arm and a leg for it.

I have been coming to Moriah regularly for the past few months.
I typically get a full set or fill, depending on the need.
I always ask for Ana - she's the best nail tech, very friendly, and always remembers me and my stories.
The price is a little high, but it's totally worth it considering the other horrible experiences I've had in the area.
I will forever be a regular client.

