Awesome place They are fast friendly helped me sort out everything I took and gave the best prices in town

Well, for what is essentially a scrap yard that recycles, they sure were nice and helpful.
I was surprised, and pleased.
Unloaded my truck, weighed the steel, handed me cash and a smile.

I was looking for a place to cash in some scrap that I have laying around my Yard.
T is always telling me to get rid of stuff or she will throw it away.
So I happened to look this place up on line.
Somewhere that took most items and was not too far away.
What popped up?
EZ Money!
Conveniently located in  downtown Phoenix as well.
So it is Easy to find.
It was a scorching hot day 108 yes it late Sept.
But, these guys were out there working in the heat and still happy and smiling!
They took plastic Bottles, cans, Brass, batteries, as wheel as steel, Radiators and more.
They give you a really good price for your items as well.
they look up on the stock market each day to see the going price.
Which means they give everyone a good and fair price.
You have to love this kind of honesty.
If you have things to get rid of and you want some extra cash $$.
This is your go to place.

We called around looking for the best price on a large amount of aluminum cans that our family has been saving.
When we checked their website the prices said $1.15/lb.
However, when we called ahead to confirm pricing we were told that the prices of $1.15/lb was for cans with the CRV stamp only and not smashed, other wise the price would be $.45/lb.
We called back to find out why the $.70/lb price swing, especially since Arizona is not a CRV state.
We were told that those were the instructions from their buyer, they are pretty sure they are taking them into California, but couldn't say for sure.
Then something about most buyers are selling cans into China.
As you can expect we found somewhere else to take our cans.
I would watch out for this place, seems they are running some kind of bait and switch on their can price.

Looking for some EZ money?
Take your recyclables here!
It's a simple process:  Bring scrap metal, glass, or plastic 2 liter soda bottles here in bags.
Drive on in.
They weigh your stuff, calculate the price to pay you, and then you get the receipt with the payback amount.
You take this receipt to the window, and the lady gives you greenbacks.
It's that easy.
Friendly service.
1 gallon water containers and Gatorade bottles not accepted.
There's a lot of recycling places around this neck of the woods.
We go here.
We like it.
You probably would too.

Even though the service was outstanding the price for metal was awful.
I turned in over 600 pounds of metal and felt totally ripped off.
I could have gotten two or even three times as much at another company.

The guys here are super quick, we were on and out in just a few minutes, $3 richer from our bags of plastic bottles.

