The smoothie lords has blessed the people of zip code 89117 with an alternative to that other smoothie franchise, with perfect timing too as Las Vegas is coming close to its infamous 110+ weather.
This Jamba Juice replaced the old McDonald's and if you've been to one Jamba Juice... well..  you've pretty much been to them all.
They open early and close late (9PM everyday except Sunday (8PM)).
It is relatively small, and will probably seat 10 people, but outdoor seating is available with the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf that was probably opened by the same owner since its in the same building.
WHAT I LIKE:  1.
Pink Starburst (secret menu http://www.ranker.com/list/jamba-juice-secret-menu-items/secret-menu-items), if you enjoy something candy like.
Pomegranate Paradise   3.
Watermelon Splash with Coconut Juice!

Sooooo happy they opened on the west side.
Being from California I am very familiar to Jamba Juice.
I've been to this new location twice now and I'm not really that impressed.
It seems they are skimping a little on the portion size.
The first time my original size smoothie, which I do believe is an 18oz, was filled about to an 17 oz.
The second time it was not any fuller than a 16oz.
Not sure what's up and not sure I will be returning anytime soon.
Very clean and staff very friendly.
Do wish they carried more of a food selection.

Staff is great, but the store is tiny and awkward.
I love Jamba Juice and I'm so happy there's one so close to my house now.
They over ice the drinks sometimes so the consistency of drinks isn't perfect.
I dig the differences because the essence of what I order is there.
The store is tiny and if there is more than one person ahead of you, you'll be standing at the door.
Not cool.
Also, it's Vegas and metal door handles when the 110 degree sun is shining on them is evil.
Get some kind of rubbery covering.
It won't change much, but it will help.
I love Jamba and will visit here a lot.
I've already visited about 10 times since they opened last month.

Yelp 365 Challenge #144/365 (Las Vegas Adventures: The Hunt for the Citrus Squeeze Smoothie)  I heart you Yelp and Google Maps!!!
You brought me to the nearest Jamba Juice from my vacation rental!
As my husband drank his Human Bean Americano with Cream, I drove down Fort Apache to West Sahara Avenue (45 MPH!!!
)  As I turned right on West Sahara, there you loomed next to a big banner "Just Opened" celebrating Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf's newest location in Vegas.
My husband didn't want to celebrate drinking his Human Bean coffee and I know he was seriously contemplating throwing his coffee for CBTL's coffee but I know that the Asian inside of him held back from wasting money.
Anyhoo...as I parked and practically ran inside ready to order my favorite (Citrus Squeeze, no bananas but replacing it with Pineapple Sherbert...thick and chunky), I noticed something different in their displays of food....  Cranberry Orange Roll....what the?
O_o  You know that bald headed cartoon character that complains?
That's what loomed up over my head and silently shouted to the Jamba Juice locations in Hawaii,  "Hawaii, Y U DON'T HAVE CRANBERRY ORANGE ROLL?!
"  In addition, they also offered sweet belgian waffles -__-  My overall experience:  1) I can't get those CRANBERRY ORANGE ROLLS out of my head and is seriously contemplating on writing to the overall Jamba Juice Manager for the islands if they can order these for the Hawaii locations?
2) They repeated my order back to me as well as inform their team about the order (you don't know how many times at the locations here in Hawaii that I had to stop the person who was making the smoothies, "Uh...I requested NO bananas" with them glaring at me silently before dumping and restarting again)  3) Quick and friendly customer service   4) Very clean  5) Food menu!!!
There are assorted breakfast wraps and pastries (Cranberry Orange Roll!!
The bonus of finding this Jamba Juice on West Sahara?
Yelp indicating that Burlington Coat Factory was right down the road, which meant SHOPPING.
Viva Las Vegas!!

Luv the staff and this place...
I really wish they would hv put a drive thru in or use coffee beans drive thru !

Used to be a huge Jamba fan but now I have found better local las vegas places.
They used to have the chocolate moo'd, which they discontinued about 6 years ago but it was still around and considered a secret menu item.
Was quite disappointed when I asked if they had it and they said no because they are franchise, not corporate.
Ordered the rest of the family their juices and then tried to use a coupon that jamba juice had sent me a coupon for 2 bucks off their new fit and fare smoothies.
Tried to use it since they didnt have my chocolate moo'd and they cashier yet again gave me the same excuse.
"Ma'am, we are franchise, not corporate.
we do not accept coupons".
Wow, so whats the point of having your name jamba juice, if your not completely associated with them.
It would have been more acceptable if the cashier actually smiled or seem'ed sorry that she could not help me with the drink i wanted OR not accepting the coupon.
She was personality-less .
I wont be back to this jamba juice.

How does anyone follow a review like Misti's?
=) This is sort of just another Jamba, but in Vegas that is gold to me, especially now having one on MY side of town!
And it is almost next door to my bank, perfection.
Pretty friendly staff, quick drinks, and the plentiful and covered outdoor seating is great.
I always end up getting a Jamba when I'm on the go but would love to just hang out there too.
My favorites have to be the Berry Lime Sublime and Bright Eyed & Blueberry, both of which are not even on the visible menu anymore (what the hell, Jamba?
), but you can still have them made.
As a Cali girl I have to love Jamba, and am so very happy they finally put another one in Vegas.

What can I say?...this is my morning quick-stop for my booster!
Absolutely love this location.
My favorite girl there is Natalie, she is always so bubbly and ready to answer any questions.
Love her!
Place is always clean and stocked.
Five stars!

I haven't had Jamba Juice in years, but on a hot day it is just what I craved.
Unfortunately, it wasn't nearly as good as I remembered.
So, did the smoothies change or did my tastes?
I wanted something with berries and banana, but the drink I got didn't have much fresh fruit taste to it.
Mostly, it was just sweet and tasted more like a sorbet-milkshake-dessert-thing where I had been craving something with more fruit than sugar.

Management staff sucks!
Don't go here

It not often get my Jamba Juice in.
Mostly cause not one really near my side of town and would rather go for coffee if going too relax with drink do some reading on my day off.
Ever so often got too step outside the box and go crazy get your guilty pleasures in life.
I went for strawberry smoothies with favorite booster or add on whey protein.
It same awesome tasting fruit smoothie had who knows the last time.
The location I believe like most of the other ones usually coffee bean and tea literally attached next too it.
This location no difference if smoothies not cup of tea could walk over and get some coffee.
Not much comes too food selection here but then again who really comes too Jamba for like snack??
The store is really clean with cozy spot in the corner that could relax and get some reading in.
Or if want more bar stool seating long counter up front can hang out.
Service was fantastic.
No one in the store.
Still both gentlemen behind the counter was attentive, friendly, and great service.

Service is friendly and quick.
Brand new clean and modern atmosphere.
There is a covered patio that is shared with The Coffee Bean with a fireplace in the middle.
This was where the McDonalds used to be.
The McDonalds was demolished and these 2 places were built.
This is a very great improvement to this area.

First and only Jamba Juice I will come!
Been coming here few months since opened.
I love the smoothies they make here.
They have many different choices of smoothies from fruit smoothies to protein smoothies.
Has great staffs at this location.

Kind of expensive for a quick treat!
The different smoothies are almost too good to resist thought!
One of my favorites is the pink starburst!
If you haven't tried them, you should stop in for a quick treat!
They are friendly at this location too!

