UPDATE: Less than a year after they opened, Viet House has closed, with no notice about where or when they might reopen.
Another mom and pop ethnic restaurant bites the dust.
I remember the nice Latino male waiter with a friendly smile.
***  Viet House just opened within a week of this review being written.
One day, a banner read "coming soon" and the next day, it said "grand opening".
We ordered the nem nuong noodles (bun) and lemongrass beef noodles (bun).
our dining companions ordered the wonton noodle soup and the traditional com (rice) dish with Vietnamese meatloaf and shrimp on a sugarcane.
Having eaten at the other three main Vietnamese restaurants in Madison, I would say that Viet House has a lot of potential to compete.
They have nice decor, friendly waitstaff, and a nice selection of smoothies and boba tea for the average price in town ($4 or under).
I'll write another review on my next excursion here.

I think Viet house is going to become my home away from home.
Coming from San Jose, one of the largest vietnamese hubs in America, I have always had my pick of vietnamese food (pho, rice plates, etc)   Upon moving to Madison, I only found a handful of places that can satisfy my cravings (Nam's and Saigon Noodle), but even these places left something to be desired.
Viet House is special because it is the first place I found in Madison that truly has traditional rice plates!
I ordered the special rice plate, which has the usual grilled pork (which is comparable to back home), as well as a healthy serving of "bi" (minced pork..you need to try it if you've never had it)  along with crispy fried shrimp paste and pork/egg cake (this was not the best I've ever had, but I appreciated that it was even on the plate) .
To top it off, they actually use the traditional broken rice cooked in coconut milk.
This is the real deal and you need to try it.
The boyfriend got a bowl of pho, which in my opinion was decent.
Everyone looks for different attributes in a good bowl of pho so I don't really want to comment on it further, other than on the fact that the ingredients were fresh and high quality.
The Avocado smoothie we had was just like home, combined with just enough condensed milk to enhance the flavor and paired with tapioca balls which were almost perfect (they were a little too hard to me).
All in all, I plan on coming back again.
There are a lot of traditional dishes here that I have not seen in other vietnamese restaurants in town.
I have only tried a handful of things, but if the rest of the menu is as good as the rice plate and pho, I would say Viet House will be able to stand its ground.

I'm originally from the Chicago suburbs where Vietnamese restaurants are far and few between.
The best usually exist along Argon Street on the northside.
Since coming to Madison, it has been my mission to try every Vietnamese restaurant that strikes up.
I've driven down Washington anticipating Viet House's grand opening and was able to go this weekend.
Surprisingly the restaurant was very spacious, cool and instrumental music was playing in the background.
They had quite a selection on their menu, with many traditional dishes to choose from.
One important beverage for me is da chanh (fresh squeezed limeade).
I had the wonton and meatball egg noodle soup.
I don't typically get this but my mom has it whenever we go back to Vietnam or at restaurants in the states.
I figured I'd try it.
Needless to say, it was fantastic!
However it wasn't what I thought I ordered.
Instead of meatballs, it was slices of pork.
Regardless, the soup was bursting with so much flavor!
The wontons (mostly pork) had a bit of fish flavor, but it just melted in your mouth.
My boyfriend had the staple, flank and meatball pho.
Again, it was phenomenal!
The broth had hints of several spices.
It was not only beefy but rich with sweet baking spices such as nutmeg.
To top it off, they provided us with eggrolls on the house.
I had the full experience perhaps due to the local Vietnamese friends and family (I'm assuming) that were there to embrace the warm grand opening!

Finally!
There are other decent Vietnamese restaurants in Madison, but none with anything approaching good Pho.
While the Pho at Viet House isn't the best I've ever had, it blows anything else in Madison out of the water.
For starters, they actually start with raw beef (the way you're supposed to).
The broth is flavorful and they have all the fixings.
The rest of the menu is extensive and looks to be all about Vietnamese food (no Thai food thrown in as is common around here).
The Bun dish I had was quite good.
We will be going back again and again.

Am I ever going to find eye-rolling, lip-smacking good Bun or Pho in Madison??
Pho-get about it!
Will I be happy that I can get decent, A-OK Vietnamese food?
Yes, i will be happy.
A new place on the east side.
A few kinks to work out (timing of dishes appearing at the table) but decent stuff.
The crepe came out nicely, the pho broth was well-anised, a bit darker than I might expect but decent stuff.
The Bun with grilled pork missed the mark.
The pork was cold as if it had been grilled in advance.
I'll happily wait for fresh grilled pork.
A second visit is warranted but for now, A-OK will make me happy.

Stopped into Viet House today.
I had the Pho Tai, and the cha gio.
Egg rolls were ok, the standard fare, although they had a chinese style rice wrapper as opposed to the normal vietnamese fried spring roll wrap.
The Pho was pretty good, the flavor of the broth was great.
There wasn't much steak,   or noodles for that matter - really the bowl was kindof small to what you would expect when ordering Pho.
I guess this probably suits local tastes, as Pho is pretty unknown around Madison, and most westerners wouldn't know what to do with the standard size bowl of Pho.
Also the normal Pho condiments came with a sad little sprig of basil.
The space was WAY to large for this place.
It was tastefully decorated, but just too big.
Also the hostess station is at the far end of the restaurant which can lead to some confusion when walking in.
I hope this place the best, I will definitely stop in again to try the bun.
I will reserve further judgement untill I try more of the menu.
I still miss Minneapolis and Denver Pho places!

Viet House is very good.
The food was fresh, well-cooked and flavorful.
The restaurant was clean and the service was fast and friendly.

Wonderful food, delightful young waitress.
Many new things to try and explore.
Finally, a nice tender lemon grass beef.
Grand Opening special is 4 free egg rolls with the purchase of 2 entrees.

Finally Pho East of Madison!!!
I went here for dinner last night.
My first reaction was to walk out because there was only 1 occupied table in the large restaurant but I'm very happy we stayed.
We started with the Spring Rolls which were super fresh and tasty.
Although the peanut sauce was a little watery....they were still very good.
Then we each had Pho and I have to say they do a fabulous Pho.
I think they put a little lemongrass in it which is always welcome.
We also decided to split the Pork with Lemongrass, again very fresh and very tasty.
To top it off I thought the waitress was a delight, maybe not a seasoned waitress but  a pleasure nonetheless.
I can't wait to go back!

I went here after some great reviews on Yelp, but there was nothing great about it- trust me.
The bun here was cold, old, and bland.
The pho was just plain pho.
The spring rolls were old because the sides were crusty.
The peanut sauce was watery..
The boba smoothie was not properly made, full of ice chunks, no flavor and not a single boba on the bottom.
I ordered the Taro  smoothie, and the waitress came out with a cup full of white puke.
I asked if it was a mistake and maybe she thought I said "coconut?
" and she insisted that it was Taro.
Please don't lie, taro is a purple yam, it could never come out white.
I also asked for a wedge of lime for the water since the boba smoothie tasted and looked like garbage, and the waitress came out with a string of lime.
I thought places like this only existed on T.V with Chef Ramsey, but turns out there's one in Madison, WI.
Save yourself from eating garbage and eat at Saigon instead if you are looking for Vietnamese food.

I really liked this place!
Both of the appetizers we got were very flavorful.
I've never had deep-fried tofu that was so great in a while.
The vegetarian egg roll was a little oily but still was good.
The main course were amazing with HUGE , flavorful portions.
Price was right.
Service was spot-on.
Can't complain.

Most Asian food I have in Madison just makes me miss the food in LA.
And sadly, the pho at Viet House is no different.
The pho at  Viet House is better than Saigon Noodles or any other Vietnamese place I've been to in town, but I felt that the broth could've been more flavorful, the amount of rice noodles could've been more generous.
However, their bahn mi is delicious.
I had the grilled pork bahn mi and it was exactly what I had hoped it would be.
Their grilled pork bahn mi's didn't include any pate, but I usually ask for them to leave it out anyway.
I've also had their spring rolls, which typically are non-fried, wrapped with rice paper.
I found them to just be average.
The egg rolls are fried, but they were a disappointment.
They should've came with lettuce and basil and herbs to wrap the egg rolls with but instead all we got were just the egg rolls on a plate with some pickled carrots as garnish.
I've been there three times now, and twice my meal was ruined by the waitress.
It was the same waitress who was surprisingly incompetent both times.
We had asked her specifically whether the egg rolls came with lettuce and she said yes.
Then when it came without any lettuce, we asked for some and she seemed confused by the request.
Also, both times in the middle of me taking a bite of my food and enjoying my meal, she stops by and asks whether I am finished.
It ruins my meal every time.
I rather no service than incompetent service.
Come here anyway.
Just get the bahn mi to go.

Worst service ever.
The place just opened and my husband and I went to check it out.
The place was empty and still we had to wait and wait for service.
The waitress was rude.
The food was bad.
Pho has too much nutmeg or something.
Saigon Noodle is much better.

Ok.
Simple.
This is not for a lack of trying on my part, or any decor, service-related part of this restaurant, but this review is purely food based.
Particularly of the menu variety.
Because a pho soup is definitely made using a meat stock ( along with meat in the soup ).
We know that, we really do.
(us vegans that is!
)  That's the problem with listing a pho in the vegetarian part of the menu.
When you use a BEEF stock, it no longer is a vegetarian offering.
Please stop misinforming through your menu's listing.

We stopped here on a Sunday night for a quick dinner.
We ordered the egg rolls as an appetizer and each ordered Pho.
The Pho was quite good - my only complaint was the sodium factor.
I was parched for the rest of the night.
They serve the broth and meat and place fresh bean sprouts, peppers, and basil on the table for you to add as you like.
The veggies were fresh and the Pho was good.
We'll definitely be back!

the vietnamese sub sandwich was very good and quite a value for $5.00  great flavor

