Doc Popcorn has landed in Scottsdale, AZ.
Located in Scottsdale Fashion Center on the 3rd floor by Nordstroms, you will find the best popcorn in town.
If you can't see the bright yellow signs, you will be able to smell the buttery, perfectly popped corn wafting through the mall.
They have all sorts of cool interesting flavors like cinnamon and jalepeno.
THey also have the classics like butter, cheddar, kettle corn and more!
It's all popped fresh right there and are naturally flavored.
Pick up a bag and chomp away!

The friendly staff there were kind to let us sample.
We ended up buying a bag of caramel popcorn.
It was still warm.
It was a perfect snack to walk around the mall with.

Their Jalapena & Carmel Kettle Corn is "off the charts".
Catch Diana for the best service in Scottsdale.
Make the effort to find them on the third floor, by Nordstrom's.
More locations around the Valley will be opening in 2013.
A FUN, TASTY afternoon treat !

I'm a HUGE popcorn fan but I am not an ordinary buttery popcorn eater this is why I like doc popcorn.
The natural air popped popcorn comes in a variety of unique flavors.
This is my second time at this location.
The  first time I stopped by and sampled the Carmel Corn.
I was not impressed because I am use to the candied coated carmel which I know is not the healthiest.
I decided today to be fair and try other flavors.
I am glad I did.
I sampled the Salt-n-Pepper, Sweet Butter, and Hoppin Jalapeño.
All three were amazing.
I am so happy I gave them a second chance because now I am hooked.
So hooked I had to skip dinner from eating up my bag of Salt-n-Pepper that I took home with me.
Sad thing is the popcorn did not  make it home.
Luckily they make tins which allow you to add other flavors which keep their freshness.
The price point is much cheaper then my favorite popcorn store Garret's out of Chicago.
This popcorn is much healthier and offers popcorn for all dietary needs.
Doc Popcorn even ships popcorn to your home or as gifts.
What I was most impressed by is my fingers were not all oily you can tell this popcorn is made not to hit the hips but a natural treat.
I also admire how tasty the flavors were.
They offer a deal for popcorn and a drink/and or Icee.
Much cheaper treat then the movies.

I'm OBSESSED with this place!
All the flavors are yummy but the jalapeño and cheesy cheddar mixed together is my favorite!
The service is always awesome and I love that you can buy huge tins and just bring them to get refilled!
Plus, it's not even that bad for you (if you don't destroy half a tin in one shot like I frequently do)!
I hope they open one closer to downtown so I don't have to keep driving a half an hour to Scottsdale to get my fix (although it's totally worth it)!
PS It's kinda sad that I get this excited over popcorn but it's seriously delicious and addicting!
EDIT: Doc Popcorn has moved from Scottsdale Fashion Square to Arizona Mills Mall!

