Stay away!
I had them for a over a year (probably because I was too lazy to find another service).
In that time they broke my pool pump, broke the cleaning thing that cruises around the pool and charged me for things without my consent (chlorine floater which was just fine).
They're  too lazy to even take the cover off the pool to clean it.
If the cover was on, the pool wasn't getting cleaned.
Now, I receive an email saying that they're no longer doing service in my area...and my service day is tomorrow.
What a POS company!

I have just recently hired these guys, and they seem to be a hell of an improvement from my last pool guys.
The owner is immediately responsive via phone or text for anything you need.
The guys he sent out were polite, professional, and courteous.
I was very impressed.
They keep the area nice, tidy up things that aren't even in the pool.
The price is reasonable too.
$115 per month for a pretty large pool, which we keep at a pretty high temp (so needs more chemicals to stay algae free).
I suspect that the earlier negative review might be either mistaken about which company she used, or there may be some other issue in play.
I wound up choosing Royal Blue because I found them on Angie's List.
Reviews on there tend to be reliable, since they are all authenticated.
On there, they had nothing but positive reviews.
If my experience sours, I may revise this, but so far I have found them to be effective,  courteous, and consummate professionals.
No complaints at all.

The WORST pool service ever!!
This company charged us ridiculous amount of money just to clean our pool.
We are first home buyer so we didn't have any idea about the pool and we wanted some advise from the pool service company.
However, this company purposely closed our valve (other pool guys told us about this), so we wouldn't be able to clean our pool by ourselves.
I can't believe that someone is doing business like this especially to local people.
Do not use this service!
Overpriced!
Not helpful at all.
Do not waste your money!

Royal Blue (Paul Stone/Owner) is reliable and knowledgeable in always helping me with all my pool concerns.
He returns all my calls immediately and his pricing is very comparative in the pool industry.
I have never been charged for a service I didn't need and has made weekend house calls when I've had a couple emergencies.

I hired Royal Blue Pools to clean my pool last year.
At first everything was fine.
Where it went downhill was when he decided to outsource the work to another company WITHOUT my permission.
These new guys (which cannot be found anywhere online) are supposedly called "Blue Magic Pool and Spa".
They do not exist anywhere online and seem to be some sort of phantom company that filed to do business about 6 months ago.
Paul never called me to say "You are being outsourced to another company".
He simply sold me out to this phantom company and they are terrible.
"Blue Magic Pools" comes once a week and vacuums the pool.
That is it.
They do not brush, they do not test, they do not backwash the filter.... nothing.
They vacuum....
So if you want to be outsourced by Paul and get vacuuming for $125/mo.
this is the service for you

Paul and his crew are always there ready to help out nothing but great customer service

to whom it may concern:    i would like to take this opportunity and address the negative review that was written about royal blue pools from mr and mrs vidmoor   we started service for this customer in september and by december a personal letter was emailed and sent in the  mail to several of my customers.
this letter was explaining that i was making some changes in the company and that blue magic will be taking over maintenance and billing.
i also emphasized if anyone had any questions or concerns to please contact me to discuss and sort out any issues necessary.
i never received a call from this customer about this matter.
i would like to state that blue magic is far from a "phantom" company.
they are a legitimate, licensed, insured llc.
i personally know the lead technician.
he has over 15 years experience in the pool industry, and has also worked for myself as well.
the complaints this customer states about blue magic's poor service should have been addressed immediately upon his unhappiness.
why would someone continue to pay for service they are not satisfied with?
the pool was fairly priced  at $125 a month.
it was an oversized, 8ft deep pool with very matured foliage.
there were leaves and pine needles constantly dropping into the pool.
the pool required an excessive amount of time to clean and a substantial amount of  chemicals to properly maintain.
i understand this customer had issues with blue magic.
i just feel it doesn't give him the right to berate royal blue pools.
i take great pride in my work and strive to maintain excellent customer service.
i feel that this customer is trying to be spiteful and vindictive in writing this review and trying to ruin my reputation.
he is an irate customer with unresolved issues with another company and is trying to hurt everyone he can along the  way.
thank you for taking the time to read my response on this matter.

I have had a terrific relationship with Royal Blue Pools and it's associates over the course of 4 years.
I am an out of state landlord, and in my case, it's been a relief to know that if there were ever issues with my pool, they would be addressed right away, without the need to constantly be checking up.
As Paul continued to grow his business, he provided techs that came out to the home to perform the routine cleaning and chemicals, while he managed any repairs or issues of any real concern.
In my experience, his techs did a fine job and were very easy to communicate and get along with; for me, a key to keeping tenants happy and my business smooth.
I would strongly recommend Royal Blue, as I've tried a number of other options in the past and can say for certain, that it is not an easy task to find a responsible and dependable company.

I've had Royal Blue's service for a while now and it's fantastic.
They replaced my filters and do my weekly cleaning for an extremely reasonable cost.
Not to mention, they've NEVER missed an appointment!!!
Paul (owner) always leaves my pool sparkling every time.
I strongly recommend this company to anyone looking for a superb pool cleaning/maintenance company.

