I needed to have all my teeth extracted and my dentist recommended Dr. John Gillis of Oral & Facial Surgeons of Arizona.
That was my lucky day!
Dr. Gillis is very professional and has a wonderful staff.
They did everything possible to make me feel comfortable and calm.
It took over 3 hours because of a torie removal, but the entire time went by quickly.
Post-op care was excellent and, best of all, there literally was no pain afterward.
A little uncomfortable (who wouldn't be?
) but no major pain at all.
Needless to say, I was very surprised and pleased.
I highly recommend Dr. Gillis and his staff at the Baseline location.
They are top-notch professionals!

I went to Dr. Golding to have my tooth pulled recently.
Also met with Dr. Sabol who checked to see how the temporary prostetic I had was fitting so I can continue the healing.
I got a bone graft and am going to go back to this office to get a tooth implant.
The front office staff is friendly.
The office is modern, clean, and well appointed.
They have a Kuerig machine and offer water or other beverages.
They helped me by calling my friend to pick me up after the tooth was pulled.
Although I had to come back twice to get the healing of the tooth checked, I found the front staff patient, helpful, and pleasant.
Every staff member I dealt with was professional and kind.
Both doctors were also patient, helpful and professional.
I would recommend this practice to those who need/want oral or facial surgery.
I also had to call in about a question after the tooth was pulled and it was off hours.
The doctor on call called me back right away, answered all my questions patiently and helped me out quite a bit with all my concerns.
The only problem I had was with their answering service who scheduled my first appointment with them as a consultation when I clearly asked the woman on the phone to schedule it as my tooth getting pulled.
Luckily the front desk was able to change it so my tooth got pulled rather than having to wait longer!
And they were very nice about it.

I was referred to Dr. Gillis for a wisdom tooth extraction and couldn't have been more pleased with my experience with Oral and Facial Surgeons of Arizona.
I am a very nervous patient when it involves anything with my mouth  and teeth.
The front office staff was so nice and informative.
During my exam Dr. Gillis was very thorough when he explained what I should expect during the actual surgery.
So much so that on the day of surgery I wasn't nearly as nervous as normally would be.
I had 4 wisdom teeth extracted in one appointment and it really was a pleasant experience.
Thanks again Dr. Gillis and all of the wonderful staff that works there!

I was referred to here from Vibrant Dentistry.
I cannot remember the surgeons name at the moment since I just had the surgery today.
I had all four wisdom teeth pulled out at once & let me tell you, I am in no pain!
Great service!!!
He did a wonderful job.
I'm sure all of their surgeons are just as well.
I would recommend this place to anyone!
Look no further if you are in the market for an oral surgeon.

Great doctor, unhelpful staff.
It almost seems like they look for new ways and opportunities to say "no".
Backwards office practices and unfriendly, discourteous staff.
Never again.

