After only ONE WEEK of living in our new house, our garage door broke and our roof starting leaking - the joys of home ownership!
In the morning while closing our garage door it went off the track at the top wheel.
We closed the garage door manually as far as we could, but bent the track pretty bad while doing so.
After we got home from work, my husband tried to fix the problem by removing one of the tracks, but it got so much worse.
I was almost positive that the door was going to come crashing down and crush my husband!
He finally gave up and let me call Arizona Garage Pros.
They had a technician come out that night without an after-hours service charge.
For a very decent price, the technician took apart and rebuilt our garage door making sure it worked smoothly before he left.
He was very hard working and explained to us what he was doing and what he thought had happened.
I would definitely recommend this company for your garage door needs.
I would also recommend calling them instead of trying to fix an off-track garage door yourself.
The technician said that what took him 2 hours would have taken him 20 minutes if we wouldn't have touched it.
Oops - you live and you learn :)

Just a middleman that farms out their work to independent contractors.
The company that actually did the work on my door was Doorability Garage Door LLC....they get 5 stars from me and I'd recommend people to call them directly to save some money.

So i live in one of those older houses with the piece of crap 1 piece garage door.
Not the type that hinges.
I purchased a new car fairly recently and decided to park it in my drive way one afternoon.
I regularly park in the drive way and leave the garage open while I'm doing house work on the weekends.
I like the fresh air and i frequently go in and out of the garage.
A couple of weeks ago i was doing my regular routine and i just came back from the store and parked my car in the driveway with the garage door open.
My girlfriend, not realizing what she was doing, decided to close the garage door, smashing into the pristine hood of my fairly new car.
NOW i have a huge scratch in my hood that I can see everytime I'm driving.
I makes my blood boil every morning when i drive to work.
Because of this one incident, I called AZ Garage Pros to have the garage door replaced with a new hinge type of garage door.
They were extremely fast in replacing my garage door and it was much cheaper than I anticipated it would be.
They do great work and if you have an old crappy garage door like i used to have, maybe its time to switch it out.

