My younger sister, boyfriend and I recently did a shoot with John for Prom and it was perfect!
He engaged with all three of us throughout the shoot and made sure we were each enjoying ourselves, despite the time crunch and heat.
He provided waters, encouraged us to take funny/goofy pictures and made sure we all had the shots we wanted.
The best part was how dedicated he seemed to get good shots, at one point he even laid on the ground to make sure he got the perfect angle for a jumping picture we all wanted to do.
On top of the shoot being a blast, the photos turned out great!
The spots John chose as backgrounds really helped to make the the three of us stand out while also complementing our outfits.
We received our photos back very quickly in both raw and JPEG form, which was great!
I would definitely recommend John for any type of shoot, especially with individual or small group subjects, and I suggest people go after him now before he realizes he could be charging a lot more for his services!

A few weeks ago, my fiancé and I had John Rubalcaba do an engagement photo shoot session and were blown away.
He came to the table with so many ideas for us and yet let us direct the show: where did we want to go, what kind of photos would you like to have taken, what kind of shots, natural or posed, etc etc etc!
He got in touch with us a few times prior to the shoot to discuss details and help us prepare (us being complete novices to photography!
) John is incredibly professional and yet so friendly and upbeat throughout the entire process, it was such a pleasure to be photographed by him and the pictures....BEAUTIFUL!
He took posed and candid shots throughout the whole session and some of the candid shots we didn't even realize he was taking became our favorites-he knows how to capture the moment, the mood, and the emotion behind the event, and I would 100% recommend him to any of my friends, and he will be the first I call if and when I ever need a photographer in the future!

I met John at the Yelp Western Adventure event back in March.
Anyone Yelp gets to be an event photographer you know they are yeelllppping cooool!!
John handled hundreds of requests from Yelpers asking him to take their photos that night and he always answered with enthusiasm and a smile.
A photographer that can handle masses of Yelpers indulging themselves on copious amounts of free flowing alcohol tells me whaat a greeeaaaattt guy he is!

