Jeff was friendly, thorough and honest.
The price was fair.
It's nice to know of a good mechanic that you can return to.
I will be returning when ever my car needs it.

First time here and I must say it is very nice to find a local repair shop that is honest and professional.
I took my Chevy Tahoe in for an oil change and they really went the extra mile and rotated the tires, checked fluids and found a few issues I was not aware of.
All this for a better price that the big box lube shops.
I now have a new repair shop!!

I love these guys!!!
They where so friendly and helpful ..
They quoted me the cheapest price out of 9 other shops..
I had a fuel pump leak so this can get kind of expensive but these guys where the best..
They where able to get my car in that day no wait ..
They even inspected my car for other problems free of charge.
They gave me a ride home again free if charge and I live in tempe and they also picked me up when my car was ready.
Along with the fuel pump replacement they also fixed my headlight that had been giving me trouble and replaced several of my lug nuts because I was missing a few.. All of this they did free of charge!
I would highly recommend these guys and I wish the best for them I know while I am out here they will be my number one choice  I can't thank then enough

Finally an honest car repair shop!
I've gone there twice and both times they fixed what was necessary and advised of upcoming fixes.
No pressure and super friendly!
I was even given a ride back to my house and picked up when complete.
Highly recommended to anyone who dreads having car repairs done!

My car failed the Emissions Test.
It is an older vehicle, so something could be wrong.
Went to Midas first, but apparently they have been gone for years.
Decided to inquire at Crawfords.
I'm glad I did.
They confirmed that my car is functioning properly and that they had another customer who had the same issue - apparently one of the lanes had bad equipment.
Went back to the Emissions Test the same day - went through a different lane, and I passed!
Thank you, Crawford's for your excellent customer service and honesty.

Although I don't live nearby, I discovered Crawford's on yelp when I was in the neighborhood for work and in need of an oil change.
Typically, they prefer appointments for oil changes, but they had some availability to get me in and were kind enough to take care of me.
They charged a reasonable price and had very friendly staff.
Would be happy to be a repeat customer next time I'm in the hood.

We have been looking for a new Mechanic and just noticed Crawford's the other day so when our  79 Mustang quit on the freeway we decided to give them a shot.
What a great find Jeff and Dale two Ford Master techs do it all and don't try to up sell you.
When Jeff mentioned that the previous Mechanic had not cleaned the oil he pressure washed the engine and made sure all that work was done right.
These are definitely our new guys.

Went for an oil change and ended up with a great inspection of my car.
They went over my car top to bottom, and thankfully didn't find anything really wrong with it except a failing head light and break light out.
I would recommend this place to anyone.
They are thorough,  reasonably-priced,  and friendly.
I will be giving th hem all my business.

Very pleased with the whole experience.
We stopped by to make an appointment for an oil change and the owners introduced themselves and  greeted my wife and I. I am a firm believer that a handshake speaks a thousand words.
These guys were very thorough in the inspection of my truck pointed out that I don't have many more months left on my battery.
Blessed to have them so close to our new house.

End of 2013, we needed to find a reliable mechanic to do some repair.
We had been to some of the local shops around east Mesa and we had terrible luck with them.
A friend suggested Crawford's even though it would be some distance away.
We were desperate and decided to give them a try, which we had a good experience and tacked their business card on my fridge.
Last April, my hubby decided my '04 Chevy Impala needed an overhaul and went to Crawford's for a quote.
Basically, we wanted to get all things worn out and unsafe  replaced.
Jeff and Brad gave us a detailed quote, then grouped the items into "Now" and "Could be later.
" We went ahead with most of the "Now"items and after 2 weeks  had them complete with the "Later's.
"   A week after the repairs, we took a road trip to TX, 1400+ miles round trip.
My Impala was smooth and quiet, with better fuel efficiency.
It used to get 22mpg, during the trip it was consistently at 29-30mpg.
We were very impressed with the outcome!
Then last week I needed to get an oil change, since I did not have anyone to give me a ride from Crawford's, I went to a local shop by the mall.
I figured I could walk back from the mall to pick up my car once it was done.
As I was picking up my car, I was informed I should have the car's plenum gasket, intake manifold runner gasket changed and power steering fluid flushed.
All for $900+.
Shocked, I went over to Crawford's to get a 2nd opinion... No, I do not need any of these repairs.
There was no sign of leak and my power steering fluid is fine!
They saved me $900+.... and they did put my car on the lift and took the time to check it.
They did not make up a story about fake repairs I need; they were honest and told me my car was ok.  What can I say?!
It might be a drive for me to take our cars to Crawford's, it might be a pain to arrange for rides to and fro.
But I love an honest mechanic, and since we have found TWO at Crawford's, we will always go there!

