John helped my husband and I set up our will and trust and we had a great experience.
John is professional and easy to talk to.
He was very fast at responding to any questions we had over email.
He spent a long time with us explaining all the different decisions we had to make and the implications of those decisions.
He also went through our wills and trust after they were created and made sure we understood what they said in plain English.
I had originally tried to set up our wills/trust using two different Will-maker software kits, but I had so many questions they didn't answer.
I didn't feel like I really knew what I was doing.
Even though going to see an actual lawyer is much more expensive, I feel like it is well worth the money.
John was very thorough and made sure we were covered at every angle in our trust.
He made us think about things we had never thought of before--such as incapacitation.
I don't remember the will-maker software even mentioning that (maybe some do but the ones I used didn't).
He also wanted to make sure our trust was as tax-efficient as possible.
I highly recommend John if you want the peace of mind that your children and family are going to be okay should something happen to you and your spouse.

I was referred to John Skabelund to open a trust for myself and my family.
Since our first meeting, I have had complete confidence in John.
The family trust process was smooth and John explained all of our questions.
The trust was very affordable given the outstanding reputation that Davis/Miles/McGuire/Gardner has in the valley.
John was very professional and knowledgable in this field.
Since this first experience, I have used John on a gun trust as well.
I highly recommend John Skabelund for any wills/trusts or probate issues.
He is highly knowledgable and does outstanding work.
I have referred many friends to John Skabelund and he has retained a client for life.
Do not try and tackle probate/wills/trusts alone, pay a little extra and hire the best, John Skabelund.
He is worth every penny.
Excellent experience and responsive actions.
Highly recommended.

I have known John for many years and have utilized his services for a variety of documents.
He has always done an exemplary job with everything I ever asked of him.
He is of course professional prompt, and thorough, however, what I have always liked is that John brings to the table more attributes than other attorneys I might have worked with.
He is professional without the typical arrogance, he is friendly without wasting your time, and he has a specific ability to ask the penetrating questions to bring up things you never would have thought of.
In addition to the corporate work John has done I know that he is also very good with wills and trusts and would recommend his services to anybody.

