Please consider this Body shop for your autobody work.
Very Profesional in the handling of customers from the moment you walk in the door.
This is how customer service is done!
KJ was the best rep I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with.
Handled everything till they delivered the car.
The car looks better than new If that is possible!
Thanks to Caliber Collision for a great experience!
Customer service is back!

Our vehicle was broken into and the window was shattered along with some minor damage to the car door.
We contacted our insurance company and were referred to Caliber Collision.
The damage to the door was so minor that they just took care of it and we only had to replace our window which we had full coverage on.
From the moment we walked in the door to the time we finished our business with Caliber Collision we couldn't have been more pleased.
Thanks Caliber collision for your awesome service.
We will definitely be back if the occasion ever arises.
It's nice to have great customer service.

One of the best body shops I've ever been to.
The lobby was immaculate.
The employees were all very knowledgable and friendly.
I felt very comfortable leaving my car there for repairs.
Brandon kept me in the loop as to the status of my vehicle.
It was delivered on time and even beautifully detailed.
These days it's hard to find a body shop you trust.
I felt like Caliber was up front with all repairs and did an amazing job fixing my car.
I would highly recommend Caliber Collision.
They completely put my mind at ease during a very stressful situation.

My wife and I were getting ready to sell our Lexus and we noticed it had a few bumps and bruises.
It was suggested to us to take it up to see Brandon at Caliber Collision.
I wasn't sure if this was even something they could help us with?
After having a good conversation with Brandon we brought our vehicle up to the shop for him to go over it with us.
Brandon explained in detail what they could do to help us get the vehicle into tip top selling shape.
The shop was very clean and I wasn't sure if I was walking into a body shop or a surgery center!
The work was down in a timely manner.
When I came to pick the car up Brandon went through the entire process that they did to our vehicle making sure I understood everything that had been done.
I greatly appreciate the professional manner in which we were treated.
It's one thing to have great customer service but when you back that up with great work on the vehicle that makes for a slam dunk 5 star rating!
I would highly recommend Caliber Collision to anyone looking for a honest high quality collision Shop!
Thank you Brandon for everything you did for us.

