THE SANDWICH TO END ALL SANDWICHES.
Choose your fresh carved meats and add a wide range if toppings.
I myself had carved turkey and added many Thanksgiving-like toppings.
Delish.
Enjoy the view from the 108th floor, looking over the strip and into the desert.
Watch the crazy people on the rides above from your seats.

Was staying at the Stratosphere and went to top of the Tower to try this Sandwich shop.
Was not disappointed at all.
Not only was the food wonderful and delicious but Eddie and Luz had great customer service.
They following night (after bragging about it all day to our friends) we took our friends to try it .
Eddie went above on beyond to make our experience sitting there eating our sandwiches while looking at the view to a VIP status.
He remembers his customers!!!!
The Sandwich Carvery 108 will be a must when ever I visit Vegas.
Even if I have to pay to get to top of the Tower.

Friendly service and good food.
I wouldn't say it was out of this world amazing but it was decent.
It was a fun place to try and the coupon at check-in for a sandwich, bag of chips, and large fountain drink for $9.50 plus tax is what drew us in.
The environment is very casual.
We were expecting something a bit more like a sit down sandwich shop but it was more like a Subway shop experience with much better food.
The bourbon bbq new york strip was really good.
Tangy with a little bit of a bite.
My husband had the peppercorn new york strip and enjoyed it.
The jalapeno cheddar bun was really good.
There is a wide variety of fresh toppings to put on your sandwich as well as a variety of sauces and dips.
They did not have a large potato chip selection, just sea salt reduced fat potato chips, mesquite bbq, and maui onion but that was no big deal.
Have a sweet tooth?
They sell cotton candy and mini cupcakes to satisfy your sweet tooth.
We didn't try the desserts so I can't attest to their yumminess.
Worth a try and enjoy a view of downtown, the dessert, and surrounding area while enjoying a good sandwich.

