Anna is an amazing photographer!
She has a rare gift for photography, and we are so blessed to have worked with her.
During the photo session of our children, she was calm and patient with the kids throughout the entire session.
She was able to truly capture the essence of our children.
Our children can be both serious and funny, and she was able to photograph both these aspects.
We will always treasure the photos taken by Anna.
It still brings tears of joy to my eyes when I look at the pictures from this session.
Whenever we show anyone the fabulous pictures Anna took, they always want to know who took them, because they are that outstanding.
People are so impressed with the photos Anna took, and so are we.
We have recently worked with Anna to take photos of our whole family, and we are thrilled with the results!
She knows how to take just the right shots that make us catch our breath, and we are so glad we have had the opportunity to be photographed by her!
We would definitely recommend Anna if you are looking for a photographer!

Anna is simply amazing!
She can take a plain or regular background and use it to emphasize everything about you and your family.
She also was able to pick out some very creative poses that really spoke to our families personality!
Anna was also very easily connected to our kids and made them feel very comfortable and eager to take family pictures.
The quality of which the pictures came out was outstanding.
The colors were very vibrant, the focus was perfect, and every single picture seemed to be a candidate for a centerpiece!
We have also seen some of her other work with couples and single poses.
They were all very tastefully done.
We would definitely recommend AMP Photography to anyone seeking family pictures, couple photos, or anything else!

We hired Anna for our engagment and wedding photos and she is more than great!!
After meeting her, we knew right away she would be an excellent choice to capture our big day.
She is very professional, quick to respond to emails and questions, enthusiastic and passionate about her job, and just made us feel completely comfortable.
We highly recommend her!

