I had dinner at Angela's Kitchen very recently with another couple.
I must comment that the food was nothing short of spectacular.
I ordered the traditional lasagna and it was incredible with a homemade meat sauce.
It was neither too spicy nor too salty.
Everything is prepared from scratch and not microwaved as is very common in chain restaurants.
For desert I ordered the cheesecake and once again it was prepared from scratch.
It was a wonderful meal and I  plan on retuning very soon.

We have eaten at Angela's several times, with friends, in hopes that it would I prove; it hasn't!
The food is terrible, the prices are way too high for a senior community and the service is not so hot either.
I would stay away!
Lovely location though.

Stopped in here last night after my sister told me her positive experience she had,  the place was hopping on a sat night and we sat on the patio, good wine, versatile and interesting menu and nice ambiance make for a winning combo.
Service is excellent as well as management being super supportive during a issue that was resolved beautifully.

We have been to Angela's twice.
First time was a Thursday evening, just my husband and myself.
We had their Thursday night Prime Rib special.
We did not have anything from the bar.
The Prime Rib dinner was very good the petite serving very adequate for both of us, very good flavor, served with a baked potato & butter, green beans with onion rounds and grilled yellow & red peppers.
I took some home with the potato.
Second time, last night!
Our party had four couples.
Then Angela came with the waitress and told me that the computer did not come up with the chicken for the salad, (exactly what that meant I did not know) but she said my salad would be delayed, so gave me a bowl of their Tomato Bisque, excellent.
When my salad came it was.
A normal size bowl lots of green leafy lettuce a nice cut of chicken breast very flavorful.
All of us ordered drinks fr the bar, very pricey,  Martini $10, my Riesling wine $8 a glass.
None of the specials came with a veggie, no side salad, no bread on the table.
That was the way it was with the prime rib, no small side salad, no rolls/bread.
The decor there is very well done, beautiful view from the entire dining area, but very very noisy.
Our entire party of four couples are Sun City Grand residents and want to see this place survive.

3.5 stars is what i would like to give but not an option on yelp.
Anyway.
Nice job remodeling and BIG improvement from crappy digusting Dillons.
Nice portions and decent quality in nice enough surroundings.
Crabcakes were plentiful with crab, pest pasta with fresh basil.
All in all solid faire.
Service was pleasant enough and nicely timed.
Well done, we will be back.
We went back last week.
Service SUCKED.
Food honestly was not as good as first visit...uh oh...inconsistency KILLS.

Ordered the Penne Ala Vodka.
It's a tasty pasta with chicken in a light creamy tomato sauce.
This meal the chicken was like shoe leather, with some pieces being inedible.
Waiter said oh yea the chef overcooked the chicken.
That's it.
No sorry, no comp meal, no nothing.

We sat on the patio on St. Patrick's Day and  our service suffered immensely.
Hardly a wait person came out of the door to see if we needed anythying.
Food was warm to cool, accompanyments were missing.
No place mat s, no table clothes; I was glad they gave us silverware.
Other than more water, which was offered, they did nothing additionsal to help us enoy our meal.
Like salt or pepper, mustard ?
or horseradish cream for corned beef ?
A St. Paddies Day was advertised as a big deal for them.
Too bad they didn't get a buy in from their employees.
Won't return again..

New favorite place in the Sun City area!
A nice & abundant selection of entrées, good service and a refreshing upgrade on ambiance for the Sun City area!
We took my Father here for Father's day and everyone loved it!
No, it's not your quiet romantic restaurant, because you also have people coming off the gold course.

I have eaten here at least 10 times and have almost always found it to be great.
The service tends to be above average and the food very good.
Only once or twice did I think the food was not so great (the turkey burger could have less spice) but overall this restaurant is great to have in the neighborhood.
The deserts are very tasty (I love the cheesecake) The setting is very nice with beautiful views of the golf course.

Mmmmmm!!!
The best pork shank I've ever had , and Angela's signature cheesecake tastes like its straight outa the big apple... Great atmosphere, and wonderful service what else can you ask for .
Awesome happy hour also !!
Definitely will be back !

Great staff and super menu.
We have been dining here since opened.
It is about time our beautiful community had a great restaurant!
Angela's a great menu...try the Coco ut Shrimp Appetizer...or the Beet Salad...then try the Clams and Linguini .then No wait for the servers to know you from a previous dining experience and bring you the wine you enjoy!!!
Thank you Forest, Paul , Joe and Kayla!
Vince, Mario, family...we feel a part of the success you have earned!
Love this restaurant and all it offers to the snobby residents of our community, Sun City Grand!!

Great place.
Came with parents and their friends.
I wasn't expecting much at an active adult community but it was great.
Great wine list, great service and the food was really good.
Oh the view is great if you sit outside

Really enjoyed Angela's Kitchen.
I went for lunch and it was excellent.
We had the Calamari  which was amazing with Artichokes  in it.
Likewise the schnitzel and fish and chips were outstanding.
Nice atmosphere, friendly service, and nice view.

I went to Angels's last night with my girlfriend, and we had a wonderful dinner.
The food was very good and plentiful.
We went during happy hour and sat inside and it was a bit loud, but then tapered off.
The service was great and very friendly, I would go again and recommend to my friends.

Had a great meal at Angela's.
Very fresh and well prepared.
I feel it's one of the best restaurants in the surprise sun city west area.
We had the salmon and it was excellent.
On par with the restaurant at Cortabella

WOW!
What a surprise, We use to eat hear when Dillons what at this location.
Have not been back here since they moved.
Wife over heard someone talking about Angela's, they said the food was pretty good?
So we ended up trying Angela's for the first time!
Well, It's now one of our favorites in Surprise.
We first had their BBQ ribs appetizer, very surprised by how tender it was but also it had a crunch?
Turns out after they slow cook their ribs, and the meat actually just falls off the bone.
They deep fry them before serving, never heard of this before.
And it worked.
Wife had the BLT, not much you can do with a BLT.
But it was very good.
Overall we had a very good time.
Service there was great, manager came by and said hello.
This is going to be one of our regular stops.

Angela's suffered from a slow and awkward start-up in Sun City Grand, some of their own doing and some out of their control (Dillon's leaving was not a popular thing, and there was holdover difficulty in the transition, most outside of Angela's control).
Our first experience there was very so-so, bordering on negative.
We decided to give it another try a year later on our return to Sun City Grand...and boy, are we glad we did!
What an improvement, in every way....service, décor, food, you name it, it's better.
A lot better.
The home-made pasta specials are truly outstanding, and many of the daily dishes are a cut above, at very reasonable prices.
The onion soup is too sweet in my opinion, but that's about the only thing to complain about!
Well, I guess the other thing is how crowded they are starting to get, because the "good word" is starting to rapidly spread.
If you tried Angela's early in their arrival and were disappointed (as we were), I urge you to try it now.
They've made some very good adjustments, and the food is better than average, and in some cases FAR above average.

WOW!
All the 4 and 5 star reviews.
I'll not question their opinion....I'll only say that after 6-8 visits here, (usually at lunch), I would never go there again.

My grandma and I LOVE coming here!
We've enjoyed the updated menu and new items.
Great selections of salads, entrees, and appetizers, few local AZ beers on their selection and nice cocktails.
We often bring friends and family who are in town for a visit.
I always get the lamb sliders, without fail...except the last visit I was in a fish and chips mood.
:-) And I wasn't dissapointed!
The fish was delightfully crispy and well-seasoned, not too 'bready'.
The patio can get really busy on a nice day..be prepared to relax and wait a few extra minutes for service if you choose to be seated outdoors.

We stopped in for lunch and we were pleasently surprised.
Very clean updated decor, fast friendly and attentive service nice menu and the food was excellent.
Everything is made in house even the fries.

