Worst customer service ever!
Customer service told us to come in the store to change out a battery and charger it took them over an hour of fighting with us in store before they finally handled it.

This is without a doubt, the WORSE Verizon Wireless store in the valley.
Go elsewhere if you want polite, nice customer service.
All verizon wireless stores leave a lot to be desired, but this one rates a 0 in reality, not a 1 star.

I have to echo the other statements regarding poor customer service,never before have I had such poor service from the sales staff.
I went in to upgrade my old phone knowing exactly what I wanted and apparently being an informed consumer at this store means a cold experience.
I knew the Verizon edge program was a ripoff and declined it upfront after being offered it which seemed to annoy the lady helping us.
After declining the accessories she seemed done with us barley saying a few words throughout the rest of the conversation.
When I mentioned that cases were a better deal online she then recommended that I purchase the phones online if it was such a better deal to shop that way.
Some serious training needs to happen to correct this unacceptable behavior.
She did not smile or have anything pleasant to say, maybe having a bad day or just irritated that I was not falling for the sales gimmicks, either way it was a poor overall experience.
I will be seeking out another store where they actually care about quality customer service.

Well here's a fun update on my experience at this Verizon Store.
Sydney in sales took it upon herself to "update" my account in such a way that only provided my with 1 Gb of data a month either through sheer incompetence or in retaliation of my denial of accessories.
A call to Verizon customer service fixed this issue where they are not paid on commission and are actually there to help the customer.
I found out that i was supposed to be on a 6 GB per month data plan due to my previous unlimited plan which had expired when I upgraded my phones.
No matter what the answer is, either retaliation or incompetence neither is acceptable from a customer service standpoint.
I welcome any contact form Management at this particular store to speak with me as there are serious issues going on at this store that need to be immediately resolved before I or anyone i know will continue to do business there again.

Was helped by Amii & was very happy all around.
Switched from iPhone to Android and made a lot of changes to my plan.
Surprisingly easy & had me in/out in about an hour.
Helped by someone else when my fiance went to change phones/plans & it was not the same.
My 5-star rating is because of Amii.
We went back in a week later & she was there.
Got us squared away with a smile & a very good knowledge of her product s & services.

