I must say that I had high hopes here that weren't even close to being met.
I went here because I really liked the manner and work of Orthopedic Surgeon, Dr. Briggs, formerly of Cathedral Rock Orthopedics.
Well, Dr. Briggs retired and chose another doctor to carry on the practice.
Dr. Tingey was Dr. Briggs hand picked chosen one.
Off to a good start.
The lobby is nice and spacious.
The staff is fairly helpful.
And the initial wait wasn't very long.
So far, so good.
So in come Dr. Tingey.
He appears full of boyish charm and mopish haired confidence.
But once he gets peppered by questions and gets blindsided by my inquisitive wife, he tones down considerably.
( My wife looks out for me.
She doesn't get intimidated by authority.
She has questions and she isn't afraid to use them ).
I'm guessing he isn't used to being questioned and re-questioned all that often.
But inquiring minds have got to know.
So I'm suddenly losing confidence rapidly.
I'm not an intimidating presence, nor is my wife, but he can't seem to handle our need to know.
So I start wondering whether he has the experience or social savvy I saw in Dr. Briggs.
But I'm willing to carry on further.
We set up an MRI with an outfit whose review precedes this one.
And we go back for a second round for diagnosis, and hopefully some prognosis.
So, a few weeks later, we appear as scheduled.
We get to the secondary offices.
And we sit.
And we wait.
And we sit some more.
And wait some more.
And in bursts... his assistant?!
Not an unpleasant fellow.
But not quite the same base of knowledge we paid for.
He gives us some probable guesses as to what's going on, suggests a few possibilities, and leaves me wondering if he's doing any surgery when Dr. Tingey is busy.
All kidding aside, it made me wonder.
So we follow the course of action of least damage first and persue therapy.
It actually goes pretty well, but once the prescription ran out, I'm back to no therapy, doing some at home exercises they suggest, and I still haven't heard from Dr. Tingey's office going on six months now.
Not a single follow up.I wonder if he just doesn't have the time for me?
Or have the patience for his patients?
And I'd rather not pay a specialists fee to see his assistant again.
Too bad Dr. Briggs isn't around and in practice any longer.
Just my luck.

Maybe I should've read the reviews before going to take my daughter.
They suck!!!
First of y'all the doctor took all day to come in saying she had an "emergency".
Well I'm glad I didn't have one too.
Then when I went to check out the lady was rude as hell.
Dang lady it's Monday morning and you are angry already.
Smh.

Beware of the XRAY SCAM!
So I bring my XRAYS from  2 months ago and Dr Tingey says we need XRAYS of you standing up not laying down.
I was like hmmmm maybe I do.
So we go to the XRAY room onsite.
But wait I did ask Tingey what if I do have arthitis well we need a standing XRAY to determine that.
In the XRAY room the girl took XRAYS of me laying down and then just 1 of me standing!
Back in the exam room Tingey says looks like you have arthitis I was like hmmmm geez those XRAYS we are looking at are ones I brought with me.
What a complete waste of time and money.
No wonder our health care costs are thru the roof.
I will never go back to DOC or Tingey.
Makes me want to take a vacation in Bangkok cost and service far better.

This place is terrible.
Brought my son here to have his elbow looked at.
They took us back in a very short period of time, now comes the long wait.
It has been over 50 minutes and he finally has come in.
I will find someone else on my insurance list next time.

I went to see dr. Rassi for a problem I was having with my ankle.
I had an MRI done while I was studying abroad and they told me I would possibly need surgery if my pain didn't go away.
When I saw him I had one of the worst experiences with a doctors office.
I had to wait almost three hours before I got called back.
Once there I waited another half hour to have a nurse tell me that I had to get X-rays done so that took even longer.
When he finally came to see me he looked at the X-rays and asked me why I was there.
I explained that I had pain in my ankle when I walked and had an MRI done that said I had a possibly torn ligament.
He didn't even look at my MRI and told me nothing was wrong with it.
I asked what I should do to help manage the pain and he accused me of trying to get pain medication.
The only thing he did for me was send me to therapy which did nothing to help.
I ended up getting another opinion and was told I needed surgery to correct the problem.
He did absolutely nothing for me.
He was incredibly rude and had a horrible bedside manner.

