I love the food from this place.
Always freshly made to order and the owner waits on you himself.
Very friendly and the atmosphere is legit.
Don't let the empty neighboring spots scare you.
They just opened not too long ago, so they are trying to garner some satisfied customers and they're doing a good job of it.
Their baklava is handmade and is cooked fresh everyday.
Overall a great place!

Their bread is fresh and the kabobs are the best.
The owners is very friendly towards the customer!

The baba ghanoush is incredible!
... and an absolute bargain at $2.49.
I am quite a connoisseur of this mediterranean specialty and this version is exceptional.
The owner told me that is a 100+ year old recipe, and it truly shows.
I also had the chicken shawarma and it was very good too.
Worth at least 4 stars, easily.
And the staff is very caring and friendly.
I will definitely be back.

Usually when I have a falafel, I review those chickpeas, but in this case the bread is the clear standout.
It is not a Pita Bread, but the menu says Persian Bread and its like a flatbread.
In this case it was hot and fresh out of the oven, but it still was able to fold and form a sandwich around the small pellets of falafel and lettuce, tomato also.
Falafel was on top of this bread becuase it wasn't a pita so that was different.
I went in for the $3.99 special (which is just sandwich), but for $5.99, you get great fluffy rice, one dolma which was perfect and then a small side of marinated onions which were great for the falafel.
The Tzitica sauce was good, but you will need more than what they give you.
It is tasty.
Looks like kabobs are the specialty and the falafel itself was also way above average - brownish in color inside, hot, small and well spiced.
A very good falafel in a town of pretenders and its not even all abiout the falafel.

Great portions- freshly made, no UNLV discount and no wi-fi.
A business across to UNLV should offer both!
Ill be back, but would be back sooner if they had wifi!

Joojeh Kabob!!
Ok so Ive gone to FK before, but this time I was totally saddened by the experience!
I went into this place sooo excited, I remember eating it before and it was yummy and sooo savory!
This time, NOT THE CASE!
I paid 11$ for Joojeh Kabobs meal... imo thats super over-priced!
Especially considering the fact I got 1 small pos kabob!
It was literally 4 tiny pieces and I was pissed off the entire time I was eating it!
Upon entering FK, totally in a hella sketchy area, you enter a giant place below office buildings.
I went to the counter and asked for my beloved chicken breast kabobs.
Now last time I had them the meal came with 2... this time it was 1 and the price was 11$!!
Normally it was only around 9!
I got to work and opened my food box and was like, WTF!
The chicken was over cooked and was not seasoned at all!
I was soooooo disappointed!
The rice also was not great and super plain!
The only saving grace was the pita bread!
I was def not impressed : (

I asked the gentleman that helped me (I think he's the owner) for a lo-carb plate.
He made a nice falafel, hummus, green  salad with olives and he even added a grape leaf with rice.
It was all yummy!
He gave a slightly spicy green sauce they have available at the counter.
Delicious.
I work across the street and it was very quick for a lunch hour.
They have a kinds of other specialities I want to try like wraps that look tasty and good deals.

This place is a hidden gem!!
It doesn't look like much from the outside they have a very casual inside decor!
However, the food is amazing and delicious!!!
The owner is very hands on from what we could tell taking orders and going over menu items if you have a question, will recommend items based on your likes!
I ordered the kabob combo of Kubideh  of lamb and chicken!
It comes with persian rice and salad and pita bread,  The lamb was fantastic great taste the chicken was good but the lamb was better I will try the steak next time.
We also ordered a side of baba ganoush.
It was delicious and fresh made.
Great roasted taste to the eggplant and the pita bread is made fresh.
They have plenty to choose from and a good selection if you are vegetarian!!
Will definitely be back, plus they are going to be opening more one in Henderson and one in Summerlin!

Great restaurant... Clean, positive ambiance and a welcoming environment.
Staff has always been helpful and prompt in processing orders.
The food is fresh, and the signature bread is freshly baked right before you order.
The kabobs are tender, well marinated and overall, do justice to the authenticity of this Persian food staple.
My largest complaint with Flame Kabob is what seeks to be, oddly enough, a supply constraint.
On 3 separate occasions, I have gone to the restaurant to order my favorite dish, the chicken kubideh plate, only to find out they ran out of chicken.
To me, this is unacceptable, especially if it is such a popular dish.
I hope they remedy the situation in the future.

My friends and I stopped by here looking for some quick healthy food.
It's located in a shopping building.
There is plenty of parking behind the building.
It's across from a school.
They seem to cater to students.
There are plenty of student deals on the menu.
At this location, you order up front and then they deliver the food to you.
We came here late afternoon on a Friday and there were two other tables here.
The prices were decent for what you get.
I particularly love their drink selection.
I got a rose ice tea that I love!
Anyways, in the mood for kabobs in Vegas?
This place is good!

This place can only be described as awful and disgusting.
I came here based on it's proximity to UNLV (I always see the sign when I drive past) but it is UNACCEPTABLE on so many levels.
Go to Kabob Express on the corner of Tropicana and Eastern instead, it's not that much further.
I should have had a bad feeling when the place was deserted at dinner time on Saturday night.
It looks gross from outside - really no frills, under a creepy walkway, across from an abandoned store.
When we walked up and I still wanted to go in, my friends joking said, "Wow, you're feeling adventurous!
" which can give you a better idea of how gross this place actually is.
The inside was no better.
Everything was covered in filth and it looked like nobody had cleaned in a week.
We moved several times and couldn't find a table without remnants of food, rice and dirt.
The condiments on the table were old, crusted over and just looking at them made me sick to my stomach!
This place needs an inspection ASAP.
It is definitely not up to health codes by anybody's standards.
We ate in and the owner refused to give me a glass of water.
This is an immediate red flag for me at ANY restaurant.
He clearly had cups and there was clearly a soda fountain with a water spout.
Is making an extra dollar off a plastic water bottle that important to your business that you can't properly serve your paying customers?
All the plates, cups, utensils were styrofoam.
It felt like we were eating at a homeless shelter, except the food was overpriced and I was denied water, which I'm sure homeless people are allowed.
I ordered a chicken salad and my friends ordered shish kabob plates.
All the portions were TINY!!
My chicken salad literally had ONE SQUARE of chicken.
One, single (think like 1 inch square) piece of chicken was on my salad that I paid $6 for.
There wasn't even a good amount of salad but it was all drenched in a greasy cheap Italian-like dressing.
Don't ever go here.
This place should be shut down.
There is better food in the area.

Great food lamb is so amazing hard to find a kubideh place that's any good, my new kabob spot in Vegas

Service was great!
The staff are friendly and helpful.
The food came quick & was delicious.

After my FIRST visit to Flame Kabob, I wouldn't recommend this place.
There MUST be some place in Vegas that serves outstanding Mediterranean food at a good value.
In this case, I searched online again and found out about Flame Kabob from Restaurant.com.
I subscribe to their service and wanted to use a $10 coupon.
The plan was to spend the required $15 to use the coupon, which should have covered the check.
When I arrived, the first thing I noticed was that the POSTED prices varied from the ACTUAL prices.
The manager defiantly told me he had the right to change his prices anytime he chose.
While I agreed, I submitted he should probably update his menus.
Next, when I placed my order, the manager argued with me when I asked for a combo with NO fries or rice.
I just didn't want the carbs, and I didn't ask for anything ADDITIONAL.
This simple request seemed to be much-too-much, however; it didn't need to turn into a debate.
Afterwards, when I attempted to use my $10 discount certificate, the store manager scoffed at me, complaining how too many people want to use coupons...uh, then WHY do you use them as a marketing tool?!?!?!
Finally, while the food was tasty, the portions were a bit stingy, and I was soured by the whole encounter with the manager.

Really good food here!
The sour cherry tea was amazing, the owner says it is a special recipe so I will have to come back and get it from him.
I had the lamb, I guess it is marinated for 3 days before it is cooked and it was very tender.
The hubby had the chicken and it was tender as well.
The nan bread and hummus were dish..  Place is pretty big, but it was quiet when we went, looks very clean and the chairs are padded (a nice touch) looks like there is outside dining as well..

We just went there to have persian food.
It took 2 hours for them to bring our food, we ordered koobideh and shish kabob.
The food was so bad, specifically shish kabob that we could not eat it at all.
I don't recommend this place to any one.

By far the worst persian restaurant we have ever been to.
My wife and I were visiting Vegas so we thought it was nice to have persian food while there.
We ordered couple of major dishes.
lamb kabob and the combination kabob.
my wife and I could not even eat the lamb and it went straight to the trash.
The other dish was dry, tastless and low quality.
$15 dish looked like a $5 lunch special dish!
but we finished half of it anyways.
We suspect they purposely gave us a low quality food becasue of restaurant.com certificate we had.
But why would anyone do this?
Just horrible quality.
My wife was so mad we didn't even complain and left to eat somewhere else.
Complete waste of money.
Shame on the owner of this business for runing this joke.
Gives persians a bad name.
Not recommended at all.

Had a 50 guest dinner catered by Flame Kabob a few months back.
Spoke with the owner a couple weeks before to set everything up.
Got a great price and everything was ready on time as promised.
Multiple times throughout the night I received complements on the food.
Everything was warm and fresh.
Planning to host another dinner in the near future and will keep this place in mind.

i mean no ill will.
but i got feeling unwell after eating here.
it tasted  very good and was made fresh and the place looked clean, so i feel bad giving it a bad rating but based on how many very fast trips i had to make to the restroom not long after visiting, i cant give it a higher rating at this time...
I may actually try it again in the future  after a cooling off period of a few months and get brave and try again and tell myself  that maybe some ingredient was just off or just had a bug in it and my number was up for getting a touch intestinal trouble, but at this moment I'm a little gun shy to go back any time soon.
It can happen in the best restaurants, and it looks like a lot of people loved their meals so I'm happy they enjoyed the complete experience, but since this happened to me, i feel a duty to report it.
it happened nov of 2013 a few months ago so maybe the problem is contained or just came in a batch of vegetables etc.
this is my hope.
otherwise, I liked the staff, i liked the selection, i liked the murals on the wall.
it seems like a very large place for the number of folks eating there the evening i did but I'm thinking its a lunch time rush kind of place.

Dirty,Dirty ,It's not kabab ,it's junk ,they add lot of food color to cheap meat,very oily ,low quality rice , I been there 2 week s ago ,after the guy bring the food ,I ask the owner to refund the money ,He swipe the credit card  and give me the receipted for refund but after 2 weeks no money back to my account ,beware if you went there make sure ,they don't give you fake refund receipt,This is baddest experience I had in restaurant,Don't put your Health on risk.

I came here with my family just a few hours ago.
Even though we only eat halal, I expected a lot more out of this place.
My mom had a voucher from restaurant.com for 25$ and we had to buy a minimum of 37.5$ to use it which was no big deal for the 4 of us.
But when we went to go order our food, the owner told my mom and I that in order for us to use the voucher, we had to each buy our own drink or water ($8.00 total) and then added another 15% gratuity tax.
I looked at the receipt after I read some other post just a few moments ago, and the cashier did charge us 8.99$ for a gyro that is listed as 5.99$ on the menu.
Even after eliminating the voucher, we handed another 36$.
As for the food, it was okay.
Nothing spectacular to make me go running back in there again...ever.
If you are looking for better priced and AMAZING food, I highly recommend Kabob Express (Eastern & Tropicana) and Kabob Korner (downtown LV).
The service is amazing, the food is even better and it's all worth it for the price!
No offense to the owner, but you are running a BUSINESS.
Do not tell me that you opened up your restaurant in front of the university so that students such as myself who are looking for halal food will have a place to eat.
If you aren't willing to work at keeping your customers happy, we will find another place to eat.

I was walking back from UNLV when I saw a banner for Persian food.
Finding great Persian food is something I've wanted since I moved to Vegas -- Thanks for reminding me of food from home :)

*FIRST NOTE* We had a Groupon for this location.
We had $20 to use.
The owner told us that to use the Groupon, we had to each buy a drink and pay a 15% gratuity on the bill.
The Fine Print on Groupon says nothing about having to buy drinks and adding a 15% gratuity.
I know this guy was scamming us, but I paid the difference to just get this over with.
We ordered a beef shish kabob and a beef and lamb shwarma.
The food took a little while to come out to us.
The food was not bad at all.
The beef shish kabob was actually pretty tasty.
The shwarma had a bit too much gristle.
The saffron rice was okay, nothing to write home about.
Pita bread and hummus was good, didn't find it too oily, although I have heard complaints on that.
The owner did even come by and give us extra pita bread.
He also had us try the green sauce which wasn't too bad, it had a nice spice to it (though I had seen it earlier and commented that it looked old).
The owner also mentioned that the beef was imported from some country like Australia and said it had no hormones.
That I didn't believe, this coming from the owner who had already scammed us into buying drinks and gratuity.
One good note from the owning scamming us to get drinks was trying the sour cherry iced tea.
That was delicious.
I'm not normally an iced tea drinker as I prefer more sugary drinks but this was a great blend of flavor and light taste.
Definitely the best part of the experience.
Though, the place is only going to get two stars however.
The fact that the owner scammed us into spending more money gives insight on how the whole operation is run.
It's true, businesses that run Groupons do NOT make money of those.
They actually are more likely to lose money in the short term as they are giving away food.
The point of this is to increase foot traffic and get people in the door and have a nice experience so they can tell their friends.
What the owner is doing is alienating the people who do use these deals.
This may be acceptable in the short term, but in the long term, they will have very little repeat business.
Plus, this location had been on Dirty Dining only a month previously, where he mentioned that some of the meat is pre cooked (so why would he talk about the importation of great beef if it's imported?
) and the green sauce in that episode had been out for 11 days.
Just seems like the owner trying to talk his way out of things.
I can understand where the owner is coming from.
The strip mall where this restaurant is located is a dead zone.
Nothing really survives in the space.
The atmosphere around the location is abysmal and just down right spooky at time at how quiet it is.
The inside of the actual restaurant is also like that, with the lack of patrons and the quietness of the music.
Overall, the food wasn't bad and I would have been up for a return visit, but questionable tactics by ownership has really dampened any chance for that.

I used to refer friends here, and have eaten here several times and mostly enjoyed myself, but recently I've become less than satisfied.
I had lunch here recently on a weekday.
Maybe it was that it was an off-time, but things just didn't go quite right.
The food was OK this is why 3 stars!

Excellent customer service, delicious food!
I will go back :)

Called in for take out because I am on break from work... got there not ready at the time they said it would be.
They were neither sorry nor pleasant.
Got my food, back to work ..I noticed they forgot tzaziki sauce on my falafel.
I called,  again, neither sorry nor pleasant.
Bad service period!
Food was not the worse.
Definitely not good either.
Falafel was dry and lacked texture  The pita they boast about is just ok  Also had a gyro salad, lettuce quality was not good.
Gyro itself was kinda good.
Overall ok dish.
Not worth the $13 though.
I dont like this place or management.
I knew this the moment I walked in.

We came around closing time from the airport desperate for some food.
They were kind enough to accommodate us.
Food was really good!!
We got the chicken shawarma - I loved the spices on the chicken!
So different than what I've tasted before!
Also got a chicken kubideh wrap.
Was tasty, unique and had rice in it too!
Overall, a really good place to eat!
Not the best regarding ambience and the location but then again, we were there really late when all the stores around them were also closed.
Recommend the chicken shawarma and chicken kubideh wrap!

Really good kabobs.
Clean restaurant.
Not crazy about location but food is worth it.
I get chicken and beef special for $10.
Great prices and it's a good business lunch spot.

My first time here and it wasn't that bad.
I love Mediterranean food and i wanted to try something I haven't tried before so i went with the Lamb n Chicken Shwarma combo.
The meat was good as was the side sauces n rice.
Pita bread was warm n delicious.
Food took about 12 min but they said it was cooked to order with fresh ingredients so idk.
As for the restaurant itself, it was kind of plain and needs remodeling.
It felt like i was in a cheap dollar store.
I would probably go again only cuz the food was pretty good.
I heard their special tea was good so maybe ill try that next time i go.

When I first moved to Vegas I yelped this place and I'm glad I did because this is the best Middle Eastern food I've had for their prices.
I'm very picky since my family makes the same dishes but this place is so good it reminds me of home.
I've become a regular now and I like this place so much I decided to write my first yelp review.
I love their lunch specials.
They have awesome lamb, beef, and chicken kabobs.
I always got to get their rose water tea when I'm there.
The owner or manager there is so friendly and always makes sure my order comes out great.
This is by far my favorite place in Vegas off the strip!
Oh ya and no large crowds so I could enjoy my food in peace without a long wait to get my order!
I just had lunch their today 10 min.
ago and now I'm ready to start my day!

My lady and I visited this restaurant to grab a gyro on my way to work.
She went to the restroom and saw a huge cockroach twitching around on the floor.
Once she returned to the table the food arrived and we took it back to the counter untouched to get a refund.
The man at the counter "Das" refused to give us a refund.
According to him having ROACHES in your building doesnt affect the food in the kitchen.
Don't eat Gyros with ROACH meat.

This place is dirty.
There are roaches in the dining and restroom areas.
They refused to refund my order.
The people who work there are rude and useless.
There is no reason to waste your time or money on eating here.

I had gone in with a friend of mine for lunch a few days ago.
The food was okay like any other reviewer would inform you of, but I felt very very uncomfortable as we were the only two in there and they would stare at us relentlessly, it was at a point in which we decided to eat in the tables outside of the building rather than inside.

