We drove by and saw this new sushi place and thought to try it tonight.
First thing I thought when I walked in - where's the decor?
It's very sterile and cafeteria looking inside.
Kinda similar to a yogi's grill but with more seating.
There is no patio however there is space for one which I thought was odd since it could be used for outside seating.
It's a cheap sushi place but the cheap price has to do with their rolls only being 2-3 pieces and not the usual 6-8.
Portion control maybe?
It gives you the option of ordering several different rolls(of 2 pieces or 3 pieces).
If you calculate the # of rolls you have to order to get the same number of pieces for a real sized roll it's just slightly cheaper than other sushi restaurants.
I was not impressed and honestly will probably never go back.
I'll be surprised if this place is around in 6 months.
I would like to see a better atmosphere as it feels almost fast foodish.

I checked this place out tonight, since I just moved in the neighborhood, I'm still sampling out the local fare.
I know this place got some unfavorable reviews in the past by other Yelpers, but honestly, I didn't think it was that bad for what it is.
It's a casual dining experience.
Since I'm on a budget these days, I can't afford the high end sushi places that exist around town.
This eatery is definitely do-able for an after work place for me, and it's very close to home.
Maybe it's not super-duper fancy,  but It is brand new and  very clean.
Although they are still waiting for their liquor license to clear, it's not the end of the world, We all know you can't really have a great sushi experience without a nice cold Kirin or Sopporo and sake.
But they should have theirs by August.
They have a bar and TV's already to go for when that happens.
I talked to a manager and she told me it is owned by the same owners of China King, which is my new favorite Chinese restaurant.
I will definitely be checking back to see how they do.
If the China King people own it, I'm sure it will only get better, because CK is absolutely amazing.
This place, and others like it, is kind of like a sushi express, when you need a quick bite that's not too expensive.
The portions are smaller than normal places, but so are the prices.
It's proportional.
You have plates that are $1, $1.50, $2, $2.50, and $3.
Plus if you want something that's not on the go-round, they'll make it for you.
The food was good and fresh.
The staff was attentive and friendly.
When you're talking sushi go rounds, I don't think they were meant to be palaces.
Just clean, convenient and inexpensive, and not fast food like.
I think it might be helpful, if you are a Yelper doing reviews, and you don't like a place, to maybe talk to your server or manager and ask some questions about it.
Then, if you experience rudeness or indifference, then by all means an unfavorable review is in order.
If not, then maybe (and this is important) provide some feedback!
then give them another chance down the road to see if things improve.
Believe it or not, they will listen to you.
They do see these reviews and are certainly affected by them.
This place has only been open a week, so they have a lot of tweaking to do, and they are quite aware of that.

ok so I read the bad reviews on here but I still wanted to give this place a try since it's a new place for revloving sushi.
Also, I wanted to compare and see if it was better than Teharu Sushi in Tempe.
Well I was not impressed at all...They really need more variety of sushi rolls!
The whole time I was there I was just waiting and hoping to see if different rolls would be coming my way but NOPE it was the same california roll, salmon roll or vegas roll just rotating in circles!
I don't want to be eating the same rolls over and over!
So because of this...my friends and I ordered sushi off the menu.
Each roll it took them more than 30-40 mins to make!
And this place wasn't even packed!
There were total of 3 sushi chefs in the kitchen making sushi too...ugh...I think I was at the restaurant for a good 2 and half hours...
The sushi itself was nothing special.
I only liked one of their roll and I only saw that type of roll rotate around once...
Honestly I would not go back here ever again....If you want the whole "revolving sushi" experience go to Teharu Sushi... just sayin....

Great place to have sushi the staff is very helpful.
I realy like this place and do not understand why the bad reviews.
If you do not like the sushi that is on the revolving belt then you can order from the menu.
The food is price right and this is now my favorite place for lunch.
They will be having alcohol they just need to apply for their license.

A friend and I visited Seksun Sushi for girls night.
Disappointed there was no liquor, but they said it was coming Aug. 1st.
I thought the belt design the sushi came around on was fun.
However, they should offer more choices on the belt so you don't have to wait for fresh rolled.
Our server was VERY scattered and overwhelmed.
However, Kenny, the manager is AWESOME!
I didn't notice that the decor was bad or good.
Thought the "$1 Sushi" was a little misleading.
They have $1 3 piece California rolls or $1 edamame.
I will be back and give this place another shot...after they have liquor :)

This review was based on our dining experience (my wife and I)  on 7/22/12, at about 7pm.
I didn't know what to expect when I walked in, and frankly, I was pleasantly surprised.
There was one other couple eating, which gave me the impression that this place was definitely the "3.5" stars I saw online.
However, by the end of our meal, the restaurant was packed, with almost all of the tables full.
If you don't already know, the main concept of these up-and-rising "sushi-gorounds" are cheap, fast and tasty sushi, all while providing an element of fun.
Now as for the sushi goes, their selection isn't the greatest, the revolving sushi turnstile had about 10 different varieties, all appropriately priced between $1-3.
However, the waiter we had was extremely helpful, as he let us know that we could order whatever we wanted from a separate menu.
In my honest opinion, I thought that the sushi was delicious for its price, and that it far surpassed Teharu.
The amount of traditional and unique sushi-rolls they offer is amazing, as well as their full menu of tasty surprises.
$1 for 3 california rolls is a good price, yet I will say that some of their sushi is a bit overpriced ($2 for sashimi).
Regardless, this place is delicious, and you have to keep in mind the price you are spending compared to a fine-dining sushi bar, such as Ra Sushi or Shimogamo.
The overall vibe/atmosphere of SekSun is wonderful, as you are immediately greeted in Japanese by friendly employees.
It feels like a much more sophisticated, cleaner, and more efficient version of Teharu Sushi in Tempe.
The decor is simply astounding, and it brings a modern/classy feel to the restaurant.
I also like how the sushi-chefs are working behind a glass window, steadily pushing out plates.
As I stated earlier, the customer service is definitely excellent here, as I never had the misfortune of experiencing an empty water glass, or had to wait more than 5minutes for fresh sushi.
Also, they make sushi that's not on their menu, I ordered a Philly Roll, unbeknownst that it was not on their menu, yet the hard-working and very skilled sushi-chefs created their own "SekSun" version for me.
It was quite delicious.
If you're thinking about checking this place out, and have a bit of a craving for some sushi, go ahead and give this place a try.
You won't be disapointed.
Try the "Arizona Sunrise" roll, MMM!

Very good quality!
Friendly staff.
Really good dining experience.
I was depressed not having go-round places after moving from Portland, OR where there are more go-round places than McDonalds.
Great price for the food!
I would definitely come back!
I had some unique rolls that I have never seen at go-round type places.
The young lady who was waiting my table was very pleasant and never let me drink go dry...

I am not sure why people are saying the decore was so bad.
I'm guessing improvements have made since my visit and those reviews as the decoration was very decent.
the prices were there, the service was nice, and the sushi quality was definitely better than the other conveyor style sushi joint I frequented before.
the only 2 things I would fuss about are the fact special Orders are not brought on color coded plates making it harder to track your spending and that they have two conveyor belts rather then a longer 1.    overall, I would recommend this place for a good, inexpensive and casual sushi experience.

TL;DR: Great food and service.
Awesome ambiance, and very sanitary.
It's on par with Teharu, but much closer to me!
I've been to the restaurant twice.
On the first time, I just had the safer rolls that I'm used to, but on the second time I tried a few new things.
Everything was well prepared and delicious.
The price was worth it, and about what I expected.
The conveyor belt makes the experience much more fun.
Traditional lanterns and artwork make the experience feel more holistic.
This will definitely be my new go-to sushi place.

This place might now look like much... but the Sushi was AWESOME!
Very fresh!
This is the 1st time I went to a sushi bar and spent more on Alcohol then fish.
Prices are the best I have seen for sushi.
I will be back!!

Went in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.
My visit to Seksun was only my second foray into the world of Sushi and it was great!
I ordered the Las Vegas roll and it was excellent!
The seaweed salad was pretty tasty as well!

I ate here a couple Saturdays ago and loved it!
The rolls we had were fantastic.
We enjoyed the dragon roll, Las Vegas roll, rainbow roll, spicy tuna roll, and probably a couple others I'm not thinking of.
We also shared several edamame plates.
Also they had no problem filling a request for a specific kind of roll we wanted to try.
The server kept our drinks filled and was very friendly and courteous.
Everything tasted very fresh.
The raw rolls were nicely chilled and the fried tempura rolls were obviously warm.
Personally I loved the atmosphere.
Other people commented on it being too plain or like a cafeteria.
I feel they went for a more modern and fun look rather than the obvious traditional decor.
They have Japanese lanterns hanging from the ceiling, and a large art piece hanging on the far wall.
The tables are fun with their black glittered tops that are surrounded by orange cushioned chairs.
Lighten up people, sometimes less is more.
It's very clean inside which is nice because it allows you to become comfortable quickly so you can start enjoying your experience.
Oh, and I do feel this place is much better than Teharu.
This is a great place to come with a couple friends to chat, enjoy sushi, and have a relaxing dining experience.
I'm really looking forward to my next visit!

Ok so the first time we came in this place they were closing.
But decided to not tell us, we were the only two in the restaurant and the sushi was obviously end of day sushi.
However, we decided they deserved a second chance.
Today was the day; my friend and I went in at 1pm.
Once again we were the only people in the restaurant.
The server seemed shocked to have customers, and didn't understand why we were entering?
There are about eight TVs.
All were on.
All were muted.
The sushi was from who knows when.
You could hear a pin drop, again.
When two other customers finally showed up after we requested the tab, we tried making eye contact to warn them - no.. just go.
It's not worth it.
Finally as we were leaving the server turned on some music.
We decided that it must be a four patron minimum for any ambiance to be initiated.
You can get the same quality sushi at Fry's in the deli than in this place.
We wanted to love it.
We gave a a second chance.
It got an F again.

The sushi is not that great here but they usually have some kind of deals on drinks b/c that is the reason my boyfriends twin goes here besides the fact that they are close to our condo.
But in my opinion i do not care for arrogant people that manage a business that have to flaunt it non stop like they literally own the place.
That kind of attitude really drives me away.
The only reason i like coming is b/c my boyfriend likes to spend time with his friends obviously and the drink deals they get with the manager that says he "practically owns it"

This place kicks serious ass!
Been here a lot and it never disappoints.
Rolls rock and the firecrackers are amazing.
The service is impeccable, friendly and engaging.
Anyone that says differently should be roundhouse kicked in the face.
As for management that "acts like they literally own the place", well, he must have caught you on a bad day.

My experience is just like the Yelp commentary above "Meh.
I've experienced better.
"   This sushi wasn't bad tasting, but it wasn't great.
I think there are plenty of better sushi joints in the Chandler, Temple area.
Also, the prices are not much better than regular sushi prices, especially considering how little food is presented on the plate.
Maybe after a little while they will get it together.
There was not much offered on the conveyor belt but it was after the lunch rush.
The wait to get more food was ridiculous.
It just wasn't that great.
There is a much better sushi place in Tempe.

Decent place for cheap sushi the conveyor belt was funny and interesting to watch all the sushi go by.
You can tell some of the stuff had been on the belt for a while so not all the sushi was  fresh but the sushi that did come out fresh was good.
Really cheap apps and can easily get full for under $10 would go back just to watch the sushi go by ha

Round 2.
Had a bit of birthday gift money to spend and I have dealt with a bit of a headache today so I figured I'd pamper myself.
Seksun has a very comfortable and nice decor these days.
Good food, good staff.
(Note:  This review was from October, but forgot to complete it.

Husband and I went to Seksun for lunch around 11:40 am on a Sunday.
Only 4 other people were there.
I was a little disappointed in the size of the sushi and unfortunately the same sushi and rolls kept coming around on the belt.
We also noticed the $2 and $3 plates out numbered the $1 & $1.50.
The squid salad had a nice taste, but not much squid, same with the octopus salad.
I did order Salmon roe and for $2.50 was very good.
I can't say that I'd go back because other places offer better size and quality, like Teharu (which has terrible service).
I'd say try it for  your self before you judge the place.
The service was good and our waitress tried very hard to assist.

We continue to make this place our sushi location of choice.
Last night we went with another couple and had an amazing time.
Fantastic Las Vegas Rolls, amazing Caterpillar Rolls, and some wonderful Dragon Rolls.
I love their unagi, it just melts in your mouth.
Service, as always is extremely friendly, a little slow with bringing the check, but they are so pleasant and helpful.
They're quick on refilling drinks and making sure you're happy.
Also the place is CLEAN!
I love when I can sit down and nothing looks gritty, oily, or has food particles left on the table or seats.
Seksun is always kept very clean.
What we love most about Seksun (other than their food) is they prepare their shellfish items separate from the non-shellfish items.
My hubby is allergic to shellfish and constantly deals with cross contamination issues with places like Kona Grill, and Teharu, but not at Seksun.
We can enjoy our entire meal and he can pick and choose what we wants without worrying about having an allergic reaction.
Love this place so much and always look forward to going here.
We've become regulars and visit at least a few times a month.

Decent sushi, good prices.
Not really any kid-friendly fare, but what do you expect for a sushi-centric place?

Much like the other conveyor belt sushi restaurant Teharu, Seksun offers various rolls at rock bottom prices (If you know what to get).
Prices range from $1 (Typically very basic California-style rolls) to $3 on the belt, although they do have a full menu that you can order other rolls and items from.
The menu items are also fairly reasonable as well ($1 miso soup, $3 vegetable tempura).
The items on the belt when we went were either rolls (3 pieces per plate) or some type of salad (Seaweed, octopus, or squid).
It was pretty dead when we went here on a weekend night to have dinner, with one or two other tables of people eating here.
Most of the rolls on the belt were the most expensive $3 kind, with a few scattered $1 plates.
The quality was OK, nothing too special, you basically get what you pay for.
The rice in some of the rolls was a little mushy, but the flavors were decent.
We did end up ordering some miso soup and vegetable tempura from the menu.
The miso was alright, and the vegetable tempura consisted of slices of sweet potato, zucchini, white potato, and onion.
Service was decent, and very friendly.
Drinks were refilled as needed.
They are very eager to please here, and I'd say service is better and friendlier than the service at Teharu.
Overall, a good alternative to the other conveyor belt sushi places if you are in this area of Chandler.

Truthfully, I've never been to a Sushi Restaurant with a conveyor belt before.
I was looking forward to the experience.
I'd give this place 2-3 stars for being ok.
I have to say, that the food isn't terrible.
The flavor is ok, nothing overly flavored or no flavored at all.
The food isn't memorable.
The freshness, as with many Phoenix Sushi joints, is questionable.
There are just too many sushi places and the turnover rate isn't fast enough in general.
Smaller towns like Tucson have faster turnover rates.
The fish is not flown in every morning and I'd like to check out the refrigeration temperature if I could.
I'm not sure, but I had a light cramp, even though I had only ordered their freshest fish.
This place had great service.
The waitress was polite and helpful.
She was also courteous but not in a subservient way.
Good for her.
One of the stars above is for her excellent service.
We went in for lunch for an hour, and we were the only ones there.
The atmosphere was quiet and trendy.
Pops of color, clean tables and clean colored plates.
Overall, I'd go here only if I were hungry and I just happened to be passing by.
I'd also only order the cooked ingredients during the lunch hour.
I had: -Seaweed Salad -Squid Salad -California Roll (3 pieces) -Spicy California Roll (3 pieces) -Sweet Egg(Tomago) Sushi (2 pieces) [friend had it, I didn't, i really likes it) -Salmon (Raw)  -Tuna Roll (3 pieces) -Dragon Roll (3 pieces) -Rainbow Roll (3 pieces) -Crunch Rock & Roll (3 pieces) -Eel Avocado Roll -2-3 other plates (can't remember :) ) -Ice water Total: $30 for 2 people

Honestly my first visit to Seksun wasn't great.
We were one of only two tables on a Saturday afternoon, but the service was slow and kind of strange--bringing one water refill when we were all empty, forgetting to put in an order, etc.
The sushi quality was mediocre and didn't taste all that fresh, as though the plates had been on the conveyor belt for quite some time.
It's about a half a block from my house, so I figured I'd continue to go occasionally but not make it a regular thing.
A few weeks ago, though, Seksun had a "free sushi night" where everything on the conveyor belt was on the house.
(It definitely helped that our table was right next to the kitchen!
) This time the sushi was fresh, the restaurant was fully staffed with friendly servers, and there was music playing.
Since this time, I've had nothing but good experiences at Seksun.
I think they've sorted out a lot of the issues many other reviewers and myself have mentioned, so my roommates and I have started eating there fairly often.
We usually have a really awesome server, Frank, who is really friendly and usually pretty fast.
The food quality has definitely gotten better, especially if you order if from the menu instead of waiting for it on the conveyor belt.
I also tried some of their umeshuu (plum wine) which is delicious!
I'd definitely recommend giving it a try!

These guys are only 1/2 a mile from my house so my mom and I have made them a regular stomping ground.
What I love about them is that they are QUICK so if you wanna grab some quick grub for lunch/ dinner you can since all the food is on a conveyor belt.
This is not a franchised restaurant, it's a mom & pop shop with Japanese chefs in the back which you can see btw through the glass wall.
Sounds silly but it makes it feel more authentic to me.
Prices?
They are not bad.. they range from $1-$3 for a plate of 3 rolls.
Good luck finding good sushi elsewhere for that price ;)  If you don't like the conveyor belt you can also order a-la-carte from the menu.
Lastly I found the quality of the sushi to be pretty good for the price.
One would think you would get pretty crappy sushi for the price but it's actually good.
They also have their own in-house inventions such as the "Japanese Pizza sushi"    Pros: Good sushi for a low price allows you to be adventurous and try out different types of sushi you haven't tried before.
Yummy Green tea (specially when ordered hot) You can eat fast-n-go  Cons: Small wait staff but usually this isn't an issue Mostly sushi on menu - not much alternatives but then again it IS a sushi bar

New sushi-go-round!
Woot!
Wonderful sushi, comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff.
The manager's attention to detail and quality really shows!
Ask about the "plate challenge" ;)

My experience with Seksun was just ok.
It was Friday night at 6pm the place was dead.
I saw the conveyor belt, probably a 2 minutes loop compared with what we had before a 6 minutes loop in Oregon this belt felt short.
The same 10 dishes were going around and around.
I ordered some hamachi sashimi, fried veggie spring rolls and 2 spicy hand rolls because the belt selection was very limited.

We just had another wonderful experience.
You know you visit a restaurant quite a bit when the server knows your order!
It made us laugh, and we were impressed by their memory.
Definitely try Seksun, they have melt in your mouth Vegas rolls, Caterpillar rolls, and more.
Also if you were one of those that came here when they first opened give them another try.
Tonight we noticed the service is faster, which prior it was a bit slow.
Also they now offer a happy hour every day from 5pm to 7pm where they're offering $1 appetizers, and .50c off all their sushi!
Oh!
And we noticed a handful of new sushis we've never seen before.
Support one of your local Arizona businesses!

I give this 4 stars because of the freshness of the sushi.
I've been here 4 times in the past week and a half and the fish was fresh and the chef is always putting out plates in the goround.
The decor is pleasant and modern, but they need to turn the music up on either the tvs or the music.
But this is made up by the prices!
Cheaaaap!
it's great for a sushi craving and it does satisfy!

When my g/f and I walked in, we instantly noticed the place was empty.
There was only one other table during the entire lunch hour!
Yikies.
Not good.
The rolls on the conveyor belt were also pretty sparce.
Our first impressions were that we probably wouldn't be back.
I grabbed a spicy tuna roll off of the conveyor belt and was an instant convert - so fresh!
Yum!
The very friendly hostess/waitress readily took our order for sushi that wasn't on the conveyor belt - rainbow roll, maguru tuna and I can't remember what else.
What I do remember was the exquisite melt in your mouth freshness.
I am not sure why word hasn't leaked out about this place as there should be a line-up out the door.
I do admit that the location isn't the best (tucked in the strip mall across from Skateland but, we will definitely go back.

Stale, gross, awful food.
The fish was stale plain and simple, it was like the sushi you'd find in a grocery store but more stale and dry.
I had the tuna and the salmon and it was terrible, had no flavor, no quality, just cheap generic sushi.
There is little variety, its the same 4 or 5 little rolls rolling around ever 2 minutes, and it gets boring real fast.
The tempura was awful, it was a weird mix of fried bell peppers, those rip off slivers of potatos, and a few dry broccoli, one of the worst tempuras I have ever had.
The real put off for me was the big open glass to the kitchen.
You can see the guys in the back just standing around talking to each other, barely working, just taking their sweet time and not putting on any effort or charisma.
They also stare at you if you are sitting nearby, that uncomfortable kind of "what you want to eat next" kind of stare...you know?
Arms crossed, standing stiff, no smiles, nothing, just awkward waiting around you to grab one so they can remake it.
I was very uncomfortable and even wanted to move because of it, I hate people staring at me when I EAT!
The decoration and atmosphere is ugly, like 70's ugly.
Avocado green and orange colors, cheap awful furniture, and that whole 70's look which is just unattractive.
I gave it a try but it was just bad, like cheap dollar store bad.
Really.
I have had bad sushi and sashimi before, I've even had chinese buffet sushi, and this was pretty much the same thing but dryer.
If you appreciate good seafood and tasty sushi, you will be sorely dissapointed by this place.
Go elsewhere, seriously.
In terms of quality and taste, this place is a drive through, other places like blue wasabi or mikado are a real dining experience.

Great, authentic Japanese food at pricing that can't be beat.
This is absolutely worth the drive from east Gilbert!
I'm currently pregnant,  and was able to order udon from the menu, and also picked up seaweed salad, inarisushi and sweet egg sushi from the conveyor belt.
It was a fun experience,  and my husband was able to try many different things for half the price of traditional Japanese restaurants in the area.

First time in, drove past a couple of times, should have stopped sooner!
Great service and the people were very friendly!
Definitely will be back!

Friendly staff, good variety, fresh and delicious food, great value with happy hour 7 days a week.
Definitely will visit again.

Stopped in and placed an order to go.
The new Manager was very helpful and made sure my order was just the way I wanted.
While I waited the manager sat down and visited and was very nice.
When we got home my wife and I enjoyed the Vegas roll, egg roll, and crab puffs.
The only thing I'll ask for the next visit will be more ell sauce on the Vegas rolls.
Oh and there will be a next time.
Looks like a great place to stop in and have a drink and some delicious sushi ordered the way you want at a very fair price!

The food is delicious !
My favorite is the Red Dragon (: The manager is easy to talk to and really chill Also, Happy hour from 4:30pm to 7pm!

My wife and I were craving sushi so ordered some rolls to go.
We went with the usual spicy tuna and california and decided to try the wild tiger specialty roll.
WOW, two days later we were in again getting the wild tiger, lava and red dragon rolls.
They were all excellent!!
We are somewhat new to sushi but we are hooked on the tiger rolls at Seksun.

Sushi is great.
Portions are small.
Price isn't too bad.
Good service.
Good setup.
Doesn't feel like their trying to squeeze as many tables in a small area.

Tonight was my second time there.
The customer service was great.
The prices for the plates were reasonable.
I will be coming back again for a third.

Finally Tried this place... Glad we did....
This place had some very good Sushi, comparable to our spot in San Diego...   We had,  Lava Roll, Las Vegas Roll, Cherry Blossom, Bubba Gump Shrimp roll, and Wife ordered the Yakisoba.. FOOD was very good and GREAT price ,,   Chris and Staff were VERY Hospitable... Will def be back..

Good sushi at great price - my favorite was the Honda Roll.
Very friendly staff

My best friend and I were looking for a good sushi place to eat for lunch and I went on Yelp to get some feedback.
I decided to go with Seksun.
We had a blast!!
Chris the manager was so kind and very helpful explaining how the "sushi train" worked.
The food was fresh and so yummy!!
The prices are perfect as well.
We will be back there very soon.

Sushi is great, price is better.
This is a great place to try new sushi options at a great price with a lot of selection !
Service was great and the place was clean!

A friend of mine had actually worked here a half a year ago and had suggested we try it.
I'm glad we did!
At 5PM, the place was half-full of merry patrons doing sake bombers and guzzling Happy Hour $5 large beers.
The conveyor belt was constantly full and the fish was fresh.
The portions are pretty decent as well [unlike Teharu which has been lacking in size and quality].
Price-wise is pretty comparable to Teharu and you're definitely getting more bang for your buck.
While the selection wasn't too plentiful on the conveyor belt itself, you can order whatever you want off the menu.
While it's not exactly Las Vegas or San Francisco quality, I'd definitely come back.
The two of us had a bill of $43.
Not bad...
I can definitely justify taking advantage of that semi-annual sale at Express!
:)   Note:  The hours listed on Yelp is wrong.
They no longer have the two-hour break in the middle of the day.
Happy Hour falls around this time so don't miss out!

Saw this place on a drive home one night had to try it.
The place was clean and staff was friendly.
Rolls were great and fresh my favorite is the bubba gump.
Seem to have a good flow of rolls on the belts however lacking options, but you can order anything of the menu.
The apple sake was great too.
I have been back a few time since my first visit and been a happy customer every time.

I love this place, they are always so friendly and helpful, Love the happy hours!
Never had a bad meal.

This place is AMAZING!
GOOD AND COLD SUSHI!
Great customer service!
Great atmosphere!
I will never go to any sushi place besides this one!

I thought about giving this review a lesser rating because yes, there is better (read: expensive sushi) but honestly I wouldn't change a thing- we had a blast.
And for rotating sushi this is top notch!
A gf and I stopped in for dinner last night and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
We sat at a table right by the kitchen and were excited by the amount and selection of fresh choices that came out- rotating sushi is fun and they certainly were constantly updating and putting out new plates to ensure a fresh and tasty experience!
Loved the fire dragon roll- ended up with 2 of those, edamame, golden dragon, and I orders the salmon love off the menu.
It was all really tasty and fresh and our sake bombers to wash it down were a happy hour deal so we made out.
We will be back- this place is fantastic!

It was the last day of Arizona Restaurant Week and so naturally the wife was craving cheap sushi instead of something novel and adventurous.
Sometimes I think she has a mercury deficit.
Anyways, as far as cheap sushi goes, this is top-notch.
The people working must have been the owners.
Both moved frenetically the whole time we were there from table to table, cleaning, serving, nodding profusely, apologizing, etc.
The stereotypes are replete.
This may as well be "City Sushi" from South Park with Trey Parker providing the accents.
Granted, this atmosphere probably doesn't stack up well compared with the 360 degree rotating scenic mountain view in the gilded balcony of a Persian palace we could have had for $30 per plate during Arizona Restaurant Week, but I digress.
Rolls taste great, and that's what is really important.
The specialty rolls are $3/plate with 3 pieces/plate.
Less desirable rolls are $2/plate, and the blobs of Jello nobody wants perpetually roll around the conveyor at a dollar per plate.
Everything except that jello was fresh and tasty, and I didn't try the jello, so it might have been too.
Except that it's a blob of jello, so it's probably been there since they opened.
All in all, no bites were regretted, even though we could have been eating rotmos med fläsk off the bellies of Swedish virgins for only $30/plate.
Overall, this is not a great anniversary dinner, but for addicts will serve nicely.
If you know what you want and you just want it cheap, this is the place.
It's no tenderloin caprese, medium-rare steak, chocolate mousse and raspberry three course meal for $30/plate, but if you need a cheap fix you'll get it.

This place place is bomb.
And cheap!
I mean cheapppp!
Plates are priced 1.50-4 max!
If u want a roll that isn't on the conveyor belt then just ask to have some fresh ones made.
I've tried everything in here some is great some eg not so much.
But the price is what is really great.
Where else you going to eat 30 rolls for 20 bucks with a tip.

Having tried Teharu and Ahi Revolving Sushi restaurants, we were excited for another fast, inexpensive, and SAFE sushi option.
Seksun was really good!
They're unlike the other two revolving sushi restaurants in that they have an extensive menu and they are more than happy to take your custom order for rolls, rather than just wait for the roll you want to be put on the conveyor belt.
Their specialty rolls are the best I have had, especially the "Japanese Pizza" roll, which has a layer of rice between two sheets of seaweed, lightly fried to a crisp, and then topped with a mix of yummy ingredients.
The "Candle Light" is so yummy: fluffy crab mix on top of a roll with ahi tuna.
Both of these rolls are only $3!!!
That being said, the rolls at Teharu and Ahi Revolving Sushi are only $2 on average, so we were surprised we spent $50 at Seksun- 13 plates (3 pieces each) at $3 added up quickly for four people.
***Do NOT get the hot green tea, unless you are willing to pay $1.50 for a mug of hot water and a tea bag.
They have a full bar; there's no reason to not have house made hot green tea.
Also, we were there at lunch time on a Saturday, and it was nearly empty, which was a little disconcerting.
However, the sushi was fresh and really good!

Good choice if you are starved for sushi.
My kids loved the instant gratification.
Service was very good - we visited on Mother's day after a trip from Sedona and they had a flower for my wife.
Nice touch.

Great place,  good food and a great selection .
Very well organized and I would recommend this place to anyone.
I am visiting here from Washington where we have a TON of these restruants and this one is by far one of the best.
So go in and have a great meal.

What a fun place!
Fiance wanted sushi and I found this place on Yelp and thought it would be worth it to try out.
Really glad that we did.
We walked in at around noon on Sunday and the place had a few tables full.
Server sat us right by the kitchen and immediately we began grabbing yummy sushi off the rotation.
They had favorites and new flavors I had not tasted before.
All of it was fresh and yummy.
Even the kiddo liked it.
Loved that there was also jello on the rotation so she could get some desert.
We will definitely be returning, this was a fun and delicious experience.

I really love coming here with the family.
Very affordable for a family of 5.
They are very friendly and attentive to your needs.
If you don't see anything on the conveyor belt they will be happy to order it for you in the kitchen.
Their are many TVs so you can watch whatever sports game is playing.
The last time we were there, it was early in the afternoon so there wasn't a big game on and we were watching car racing in the dirt and of course my four year old was loving it.
If your into cheap sushi, cheap meaning price not quality, you need to go here with the family.

Come here twice and once they've only had one belt running so they had to turn us away.
This time their credit card system was down.
Not coming back to try a third time.

