I love to eat healthy but when I am out and about it is very difficult to stick to a vegan/ wheat free diet and that's why I LOVE Uprooted Kitchen!
I go as often as possible to the Gilbert Farmers Market  for many reasons, but I always save time for breakfast  I have had some delicious food there and some that they are working on perfecting.
They have a creative menu and I can only see them getting better as time go on.
This is REAL food made with LOVE, and it's obvious to see and taste.

When I buy from a truck I assume it should be a good value as their overhead is low with out a building etc.
However I think I am paying more because the are only open a few hours a day and need to be sustained on those limited hours.
This hold true with uprooted, I paid $8 for a spinach, and tempeh bowl, it had some walnuts and blue cheese.
At a normal casual counter style place for this size it would be $4.50 for this salad.
Value aside the food was good, and healthy as I was hungry about 12 minutes later.
My cynicism is really directed at the food truck craze and not this trailer as they are on part with the lack of value

This is one of my favorite foodie trucks.
I am probably at this truck once a week at the Gilbert Farmer's Market.
The husband and wife owners are super sweet.
They also serve lunch at Food Truck Fridays but I haven't had a chance to get out there yet.
The portions are huge and I always have leftovers of my favorite dish.
It is the chilled butternut oats and it comes organic fruit and scone of the day (topped with coconut or almond milk).
It is almost like a baked oatmeal and it is so good.
The scone is always leftovers for me.
If I start my Saturday morning here, I always make better choices for the rest of the day.

Wow!
I was not expecting delish vegan food from a food trailer!
OMG it was soooooo good!
I had the Vegan French Toast and the grains and fruit and everything tasted AWESOME and was all very hand made!
I'm going to try to eat from this place as much as I can from now on!
If they had a restaurant nearby, I'd be there all the time!
There service was great!
They took credit which made it easier for us.
Even emailed me a receipt!
The prices are great for the quality of food as well!
I give it 2 thumbs up!

Hands down my favorite food truck EVER!
Vegetarian, vegan, and lots of gluten free options.
All the produce is grown fresh and local.
Good for breakfast or lunch/dinner.
You really can't go wrong here.
Run by an amazing husband and wife team.
Everything they make is healthy, delicious, and filling!
For breakfast, try the quinoa breakfast bowl or chickpea frittata.
My husband loves the vegan French toast (and he's a rabid carnivore).
Their scones are to die for.
I've had several of the soups on their dinner menu and they are all great too.
My only complaint is that the Uprooted Kitchen isn't open every day...and I think they need to make a cookbook too!

