I usually take a long time to find the best deal on tires.
In the past I have found better deals purchasing my tires on the internet and having a local company install.
This time I found Tires 2 Go on Craigslist.
They scheduled me at a convenient time and were very professional and courteous.
Tucked back off Broadway with signs strategically placed guiding me to their shop.
Job well done  research and

I had been doing research and knew the exact tire I wanted for my truck.
I stopped in several other tire dealers and was given a higher cost, or treated like I didnt know what I was talking about.
I looked around and found these guys on craigslist.
I called and was treated very well on the phone.
I stopped in without an appointment.
To my surprise I was told that they could do the install right then and there and would only take about half hour.
35 minutes later I am driving away on my new tires and could not be happier.
150.00 less than other chain and local tire shops.
I was treated professional and courteous even though I am a women driving a truck.
I will certainly take my business back to them and recommend them to others.

I'm a smart girl, but always weary of car shops after being ripped off by reputable places in the past.
These guys were great.
Incredibly friendly, speedy, and efficient.
They only sold me what I *really* needed versus pressuring me into replacing all 4 tires.
I'll be back here the next time I need tires for sure.
Plus, there's a little discount when you pay cash.
Every cent counts!

Spoke to Kevin on the phone yesterday he was very helpful and honest.
When I went there, they took care of me really quick and did a great job.

Moe, Josh, Kevin, and the whole gang over at tires2go are the best you will find.
I have been sending people to them for years.
I have been unemployed for over a year and they took my situation in to account and was very helpful in getting me the best Tires in my budget.
Can not say enough about them, stop in and talk to them and you will see for your self how great they are.

I pulled over to help a lady and she had $5 and no spare tire.
I called these guys up just to get her something and told them the situation.
When we got there they changed I 2 minutes and gave it to her for free!
I was ready and wanting to pay but they just said Merry Christmas!!!
These guys are the real deal.
So fast super responsive and have a real heart.
I have used them for my tires and will never to anyone else ever

This place has name brand tires for cheap!
I've purchased no-name tires before for cheap and the drive is terrible and they don't last.
This place uses name brand tires, install, rotate, cheap cheap cheap!
Very friendly staff also.
Came here to get tires for my brothers car.
I'll make sure to take my personal vehicle and fleet here now!

This has to be one of the worst tire shops I have ever been to.
STAY AWAY!!!
This place is a small shop with no experience.
The workers are slow, rude and very incompetent.
These people could not even take the wheel cap off my wheel.
They said they had to break the screw off just to access the lug nuts.
I took it off myself.
Then they told me I had to wait another hour because they couldn't get the screw loose that I took off myself.
I can't imagine letting someone like this work on my vehicle I quickly left and will never go back.
I asked why I had to wait longer because of their incompetency to do their job and they quickly got rude and disrespectful.
In shirt this place is a joke and most likely won't be around long.
You people suck!!!

thanks to TIRES TO GO once again !!!!
they do great work, they are fast and very fair on competitive tire pricing.
I have bought two sets of tires from them before and they even fixed my flat for free ....      enjoy the pizza guys !!

They have a good selection of tires for trucks.
I was looking for an off road all terrain, they showed me an Awsome set of Toyo's, which were aggressive but still handled nice on The highway.
30 min and about $600 bucks later, I was Rollin.
Very happy!

