This place is excellent.
I really enjoyed the minted peas and different types of hummus.
The food is always very fresh and the staff is really friendly.
Definitely try this place out.

What's not to love about this new gem in Tempe?
It's located in the cove at Mill&5th, which keeps the noise level down, and has a great covered patio for eating/conversing/reading/relaxing etc.
The staff is super helpful and friendly (I had no idea what to get the first time I went, but one of the owners kindly explained all that was being offered that day and what other people had recommended).
Oh, and the food is amazing too.
The menu changes daily and the food is fresh, bright, and light on both palate and wallet.
For a special treat stop by on Taco Thursdays for a unique take on an old favorite.
Also I've left plenty of restaurants feeling good, because I just ate a really tasty meal, but it's rare for me to leave a restaurant feeling good about the restaurant itself.
The people that run Desert Roots Kitchen care about what they're feeding their customers and it shows.
*Update* I need to say something about the vegan baked goods at Desert Roots.
I've had some bad experiences with animal friendly baked items in the past (see overly dry and tough), but the cookies, brownies, muffins and dessert bread at Desert Roots are excellent.
All the baked stuff is very moist with the right amount of chew vs. crumbliness.
Also, like the rest of the menu it seems like new treats are whipped up every week, but there are some additional mainstays, like the oh-so-amazing apple oat bars,  that remain in the lineup.

Vegan cafe with great soy parfaits?
CHECK I Will be a freshmen at ASU next year and have been mapping out my common food destinations.
This is one of them!
I walked in to order today with my lovely girlfriend and had the most pleasant dinning experience.
I was welcomed by friendly staff and healthy options.
I opted for the wrap for $8.50.
Definitely a good choice.
I did so because I saw a ready burrito there and it looked scrumptious.
I was given some very distressing information.
"Im sorry but we are out of Mexican rice", said the man at the counter.
My heart sank.
This was it.
Its all over.
We should of settled for the place downtown!
But wait, a light shines.
"Why don't you just tell me what you want in it and ill make it for you in the wrap?
" There is a God after all!
and he is hiding in my completed wrap of purple pepper, basil, Orzo mixed with coconut lentil soup and fresh green vegetables.
This went so well with the alternating bites of my girlfriends delicious soy parfait (3.50) with homemade granola sweetened with honey and fresh fruit.
Top it off with one of their amazing home made brownies and you've got yourself the right way to start your day.

Being a recent vegetarian, I'm always looking for new diggs to eat.
I saw Desert Roots popup on HappyCow, and thought I'd give it a try.
Overall, a cute little down-to-earth deli on Mill, with a small but tasty made-from-scratch menu which changes daily.
No in-house seating, but there is a decent outdoor seating area; there are cooling misters, but in the summer you may want to just grab-n-go.
I had the Thai wrap with honey mustard potato salad, and I wasn't disappointed.
The wrap was loaded with rice, beans, greens, and a touch of peanut sauce.
The potato salad was not your run-of-the-mill either, with tasty bits of carrot and celery mixed in.
Since the website is still under construction, I was told to check them out on Facebook for the current menu:  https://www.facebook.com/DesertRootsKitchen   Overall, a win for us vegetarians/vegans, with gluten and dairy free choices as well.
Thumbs up!

Setting: day time, Mill Avenue.
We're hungry.
The situation is all too familiar.
Where should we eat?
I don't know, do we want sh*tty pizza or a sh*tty burger or some sh*tty Mexican food?
Enter: Desert Roots Kitchen, the tiny, unassuming kitchen of fresh awesome... now, I never have to have this conversation again.
With offerings like huge wraps, awesome dolmas, cous cous salads, noodle dishes, greens, fresh fruit, granola and yogurt parfaits, and baked goods like brownies, cookies and bars, it's reassuring to know that most everything is vegan (even the white chocolate chips in the cookies and the soy yogurt they have available for parfaits) but not particularly surprising.
It's all very simple, natural food.
No Tofurky isht.
Not up in here.
The staff is friendly, helpful, enthusiastic, and most importantly, willing to let you sample things.
I ended up with the vegan parfait for a anti-whopping fee of 3.50... the same price as Nami's!
Except, Desert Roots uses fresh, seasonal fruit instead if a scoop of frozen berries, gives you about twice as much soy yogurt (but if only they had coconut milk yogurt...), and their lightly honey-sweetened homemade granola actually keeps breakfast nutritious, rather than turning it into a total sugar bomb.
I'll definitely be ordering the parfait on da regular.
While we're on the subject of carbs, I'd love to see some additional grainless menu items, because as of now, it's entirely carb-based.
I enjoy the idea of pasta and cous cous as much as the next person, but I'd rather not eat much of it, let alone make it my meal.
Also, stuffing a flour-based wrap with grains is not on my bucket list.
Plus, if I get dessert (and I am getting dessert, damn it), that's flour on rice on flour.
Yikes.
Hook me up with some vegetable/nut/legume-centric dishes and I'll be an ecstatic camper in the future.
Keep the good stuff coming, y'all, keep it coming.

Some of the healthiest and tastiest food on Mill Ave.
I love the selection of food and how often it changes.
Breakfast or lunch, it's a great place to go.
The staff always greets you with a smile and is more than happy to tell you what they have..what it is..and what its made of.
Their wraps, muffins, tropical couscous, and soups are so tasty.
They have great low-cost coffee too!
Forget the chains...Eat & Drink local.

Good stuff.
Had lots of food to choose from, and I like how the menu changes daily.
I had a spinach wrap with curried rice and lentils with mixed greens and hummus.
It was damn good.
I will definitely be back here again, can't wait to try breakfast.

This place is great.
They have healthier options on Mill, that change daily.
I had half a chipotle wrap and a bean salad with sweet potato that were both delicious.
They're newly opened, welcoming and nice.
Also, the outside patio is within that little courtyard and is a nice place to sit outside when its cool enough.

I had a wrap and it was the best thing I have every had.
I have to admit that I was a little nervous to try this place because I'm not a vegan but it was so awesome.
The owner are super friendly.
I can't wait to go back :D

From the moment I decided to take a vacation day off from work today I have been planning my schedule around stopping in here for lunch.
Since moving to Tempe a few months ago, I am constantly on the lookout for new vegan/vegetarian spots.
However, due to their very limited hours, I have never had a chance to make a visit to Desert Roots Kitchen until today.
I didn't immediately notice the restaurant from Mill Avenue because it is tucked away in a little square right behind the big store-fronts on the main sidewalk.
Phew!
This quaint, quiet location is totally befitting of their style of restaurant.
I was pleasantly surprised at how calm the environment was considering its proximity to Mill Avenue in the middle of a school day.
The front of the store has some patio seating where customers were easily able to sit undisturbed and read or chat over their meals.
Upon entering, the staff was responsive and very positive.
I told them it was my first visit and they explained the menu and encouraged me to sample the food before ordering anything.
...Don't mind if I do!!
Everything I tasted was delicious, fresh, and made from scratch that same day.
I ended up getting the Fresh Veggie & Kale Wrap with Lentils and their Garden Herb Spread.
It came with a side of fruit, and the size of the wrap was very generous...
I'm saving half of it for lunch tomorrow.
It was delicious.
The flavors came together very well, and just thinking about those ingredients gives me a nice healthy feeling... a feeling that you don't frequently have after dining on the normal ice cream/burger/pizza fare served up at almost every other one of the restaurants on Mill.
I'm incredibly happy with this new health-conscious, vegetarian-friendly addition to a shopping district that was in such desperate need of it.
Now go check it out!

Healthiest lunch option on Mill!
Great vegetarian and gluten-free selection.
The staff is SO friendly.
You can tell how much pride they take in their food, and they help you in making your selection.
You can also taste everything before ordering it.
Love this place!

I recently stumbled upon this amazing little healthy spot.
I ordered a custom wrap and added cilatro pablano humus, quinoa salad, corn salad, wild rice with squash and mixed greens.
It was so good I ate the other half that I was gonna save for dinner.
Menu changes daily with the veggies that are available and posted on fb.
I would eat here every day if I were close enough.

Being a Vegetarian for a long time, my husband and I are always looking for a great place to eat and were so lucky to find this jewell!
After walking mill avenue and not finding anything exciting, we came across Desert Roots Kitchen.
This is a top notch vegan restaurant.
I asked as I entered for a menu, which they said we don't have one our selection changes daily!.
The choices were fantastic and the owner wonderful!.
After we received our food, they came out to make sure that everything was going well.
Be aware that this restaurant is tucked away, so look closely for it...you will not be disappointed.

This little place is hidden amongst the hip streets of Tempe, Az, but when you find it it is a great spot to eat local grown and organic food.
I went there while playing some dates in AZ and was relieved to find this spot cuz it was in the shade with misters on the patio.
The people were very nice and knowledgeable about the food.
The food itself was fresh and delicious.
I had some kind of a veggie wrap with quinoa that came with a side of shell pesto pasta.
This place is great and i am going back when I am in town again

Celebrate: there's a great vegetarian breakfast and lunch spot on Mill Avenue, Desert Roots Kitchen, and it offers up a rotating menu of tasty veg-friendly items with local ingredients for peeps who love eating healthily.
The cafe, which has been open for about the past 5 months, is hidden in the plaza off of 5th St. and features a great case of vegetarian dishes, such as pasta salad, pumpkin pudding and dolmas.
The spot also serves coffee and breakfast items and a changing daily special, which I got when I went there recently--the pinto bean wrap, with brown rice and peppers.
The joint is order-at-the-counter, and there's a little patio outside where you can nosh.
Getting my food was super-quick, and the staff was very friendly.
Most meals cost only around $10, and you can build your own meal with a variety of sides, an option I loved since everything looked so good.
My pasta salad was really tasty, and the wrap packed a protein punch and was really filling.
While the spot doesn't currently serve dinner, the manager I talked to said she anticipated dinner hours in the near-future.

A rotating menu consisting of A wrap of the day and many "sides" which are really dishes in themselves.
It had been some time since I had venture to this little courtyard hidden away from the hustle and bustle of mill.
I was glad to see a small shop brining it back to life.
There is a covered patio with a few chairs and inside a counter to order at.
(this means summer time may be a problem)  The are a few options including a wrap 1/2 wrap with a side two sides or just many sides.
Again the sides are well crafted dishes in their own right and not just chips.
I tried 1/2 of a warrior wrap which was filled with pinto beans and cactus in a green tortilla.
It was pretty good which is high praise as I am not a wrap fan.
The real star was the peanut and bok choy salad I had with my dish.
Rich and great texture.
I was also pleased with the prices, $6.50 for a 1/2 wrap and a side is a bargain compared to other local organic veg places.
If the weather is nice, you can't go wrong by trying this place out.

Amazing!
You come up to this place and you know it is special.
Run by a very nice group of women and they make different items each day.
I had the three item plate with Kale and Peanut salad, curry and coconut brown rice and pinto beans with squash, and then my friends and I split some oat and apple bars that were delicious.
You can try anything you want out of the cold deli counter and prices were reasonable for food that is not only good for you but made from scratch.
I love this place, can't wait to go back!

I hate to be the party pooper but as someone who is a healthy cooking fanatic and always on the search for a lighter choice when I'm on the go, this place doesn't put me off the charts on my wow-meter.
The portions are plentiful which is very nice considering the price.
The ingredients do seem fresh as well and I very much like seeing the open kitchen.
The staff has always been friendly, but when it comes to taste, texture and "health" I think there is room for improvement.
Most of the salads I have tried, whether potato, pasta or legume based, have been grossly overdressed.
The adjective that comes to mind is "gloppy.
" The chana masala chickpeas had a pool of oil sitting in the middle and the batch was overly salted.
The thai peanut vegetables were overly coated with a viscous dressing, though the flavor was decent.
Each time I see a beautiful creation and order it, my lips feel coated chapstick after a few bites.
The wraps have good flavor, but I don't see the point of stuffing them with rice.
Carbs and carbs don't feel healthy to me when coated in a coconut sauce.
To be fair, the chili I had last week was fantastic.
Earlier this week however, when it was 60-some degrees outside, they had no soup.
Seems like an odd special to be missing when the season finally turns.
I think there is terrific potential and I hope Desert Roots fares well.
Local food that is fresh made, open and honest, is what I live to support.
There is absolutely no doubt that this humble cafe provides better choices than most of the options on Mill.
But I can't sing praises quite yet.
A few tweaks to thin out the sauce, adjust the seasonings and maybe some better carb/protein combos and I'll be a regular.

I work in downtown Tempe, so among all the places to eat within walking distance, this is by far one of the best in the Mill Ave District.
It's a comparable price point to the other healthier locations but I appreciate the creativity put into the daily rotating menu and the quaint courtyard to eat in, away from the street.
If you need it to go, you've got it within 5 minutes.
My kind of place!

Finally, real food close to ASU.
First time here and the food is exquisite.
I had the "Sonoran Bean & Roasted Veggie Wrap" with a side of " Spinach Olive & Oregano Pasta.
" The meal was delicious as well as filling.
I can see myself spending lots of time on the delightful patio in the future.

Tried this out for the first time today.
Loved it.
A quaint place with a nice and friendly staff.
I was apprehensive that portions would be super small, and that I would leave hungry.
This was not the case.
Very generous portions and at a great price.
You have to love eating super healthy, being full, for around $8.50 or under.
The food is delicious.
It is made fresh each day, and all day long.
The other thing that was great is there was a big line when I arrived, and I thought that it being a small business, that it would take forever.
I had my food right away.
I highly recommend this place.
Simple, tasty, great service, inexpensive, and a cozy atmosphere.

I'm not a vegetarian, but this place is excellent.
This space used to be the "In Season Deli", another great establishement of 28 years.
However, Desert Roots has picked up where ISD left off.
The menu changes daily and is always fresh.
Although their are some things I like more than others- everything has at worst been good, and at best- been amazing.
A locally owned gem among the commercialism of what is now Mill Ave.

I was here recently with a few of my friends.
Beware: It can be difficult to find this place, as it's a bit hidden away from the main street.
Fortunately, one of my friends knew exactly where he was going.
This place is a tiny store with no indoor seating.
You go in, there's a menu and a glass case full of their (changed daily!
) food selection, and you order and pay right there.
Water is in a dispenser in the front, and they have glasses for you to serve yourself.
At the end of your meal, you just quickly bus your own plates.
In terms of service, the ladies working here are great!
They're friendly, helpful, conversational, and very generous with the samples.
Any questions, feel free to ask them and be enlightened!
For food, most of my friends got wraps (custom and the wrap of the day), whereas I had just eaten, so I settled for a small hummus plate with pita bread.
Despite being a small, I still got what I thought was a big serving for a very good price (around $5).
Extremely good, and I liked their selection of hummus!
In general, if you're in the Tempe area and are craving some healthy vegan food, make the effort to find Desert Roots.
I definitely want to make a return trip already.

I was looking for a light healthy meal after cheating last night.
I found Desert Roots on Yelp and decided to try something new.
I ordered the plate which was 3 choices for $8.50.
I got the chana masala, dolmades, and pasta salad.
All dishes were very good and flavorful, along with being Vegan so I didn't have to worry about dietary issues.
The portion size was very generous, a very good value for the money.
They also offer samples that you can try, before deciding on what to order.
I would definitely come back.

Very, very good.
We found it by accident, but what a great find!
The young women behind the counter were super friendly and super helpful.
generous with samples.
The vegan food choices were cooked professionally and were absolutely delicious.
Please take the time to visit this sweet, little restaurant.
We hope the folks who have started this place do very well for many years.

My new favorite restaurant in Tempe!
Nice to have healthy food for a reasonable price.
I've eaten here multiple times and have never had any thing but the best.
All vegetarian and freshly made food.
The only problem is that I can never decide what to get because there's so many wonderful options.
I end up getting the 3 sides meal.
Lots of wonderful things done with lentils, kale, and awesome wraps to boot.
I've suggested a recipe book, but they inform me that everything is created from the fly and nothing is written down, great unique combinations of flavors.
Keep up the good work!

After riding my bike from Central Phoenix to Mill Ave and forgetting to eat breakfast I was ready to mow down.
Fate and Yelp were merciful; after entering  "vegan" into the search field Desert Roots Kitchen appeared on the map not 100 feet away.
I thoroughly enjoyed their wrap, omg!
Their generous servings had me full and ready for another workout.

a-ma-zing!

Fresh food, wonderful crew and a great vibe.

Luv luv luv Desert Roots!
The owner Lesley is truly and entrepreneur and is going places.
It's tough to find delectible vegan food that you crave!
My recommendation is to sample it all because there are just too many choices from mild to spicy.
The atmosphere is always upbeat.
Be patient if newbies are in line, remember...you were once one too!

My first visit... Couldn't decide so I opted for the 3 sides.
I kinda figured it would be too much food but I was hungry and I couldn't eliminate one!
Since the menu is constantly changing, why recommend a particular dish?
It was all good.
My belly was happy and so was my palette.
Looking forward to my next stop in at this cute little deli with a cute little patio in the Mill Avenue Shops...
Right where I used to work at a thrift shop when I was in high school.

LOVED this little whole in the wall place.
You have to know what you are looking for to find it.
I had the 3 sides meal of a peanut rice dish, cucumber salad and roasted pear quinoa.
SO tasty - reasonably priced and the owner was LOVELY!
I will go back any time I can when in Tempe.
Felt GREAT after eating lunch there....

I SO want to give this place 5 stars.
Friendly, delicious and great prices.
But...I just can't do 5 stars for a vegan restaurant where the employees hang out outside smoking.
Because now when I order buffalo hummus or yummy grape leave dolmas, I can't help but wonder if the employee just lit up on her break, and grabbed my tahini with nicotine-stained-smokey fingers.
Yuk.
Smoking + cooking?
It's a deal-breaker.
Smoking + cooking at a vegan restaurant?
Seems like an SNL skit.

This place is a breath of fresh air in Tempe, litterally!
Their food is not only all vegan, but it's fresh and amazing.... Everything is made  from scratch and with love.
They allow the ingredients to shine, not covering up the beautiful grains and veggies with "chi'kn" replacements....believe me, vegan food does not have to mimic carnivore food in order to be delicious.
Everyday the menu is slightly different (actually, a good indication that their ingredients are indeed fresh and real) so, it's always a surprise to see what you are going to get.
I have to say though, pesto day (whateverdays they decide to make it) is my absolute favorite...(maybe they can give me the recipe??
:D  ) Each day there is a different wrap made that you can combine with the wonderful variety of side dishes they make.
Or, you can just make a full plate out of the side dishes.
The people there are also wonderful, you can tell they put a lot of love in their food!
Always smiling and happy to serve you, I never get tired of going here!

I've been on a solid health kick lately and have plenty of options when i'm home, but traveling for business always puts a dent in my otherwise healthy lifestyle.
Such is the case this weekend, but Desert Roots Kitchen has entered the picture and saved me.
The food is exceptionally fresh, natural and simply feels good the instant it enters the body.
The women that run the place are WONDERFUL - so friendly and radiant.
I absolutely LOVE this place and will be back in A few months... on business, but now with a healthy ace up my sleeve...
NOTE - they are only open on weekdays and close at 4(ish)

This place is awesome!
I'm the farthest thing from from a vegan/vegetarian, but really enjoyed the wrap of the day I ordered (red lentil tabouli I think) and the 2 sides that came with it.
The open kitchen is great and everything is super-fresh and originates locally.
This is a great lunch option in the Mill area.

This place is a real desert gem.
I am an avid meat eater and I don't even miss the meat when I'm having lunch here... makes me think I could actually survive as a vegan.
The owner really knows what she is doing!
She's wicked smart with the veggies - especially cooking kale and using great spice combinations.
I always get the dolmas with tahini, and if they have it, the kale salad (there are several variations) it never disappoints.
The best option is to get the lunch plate with 3 items.
It's almost too much food for me, but I can never just stop at 2 items.
You are allowed to taste a few items if you can't make up your mind, my favorite special item was the apple slaw - so fresh and tasty.
On top of all of this tasty food, I can't imagine a place that has better customer service.
The first time we went in my fiance wanted some fruit with granola and even though it wasn't on the set menu for the day, the owner made something up special for us and it was the tastiest fruit medley I've ever had - ripe, glorious fruit with freshly made granola.
YUM.
I honestly have no criticisms... this place is great.
My ASU co-workers all agree this is the best spot for a lunch date.
I hope it doesn't ever change (unless they open dinner service, which would make my life totally complete).

Vegan food at its best.
I had a Mediterranean wrap that was healthy and delicious.
Thanks Ladies (and any dudes?
) for bringing healthy, sustainable food to Tempe.
If you guys were in New York I would eat here every day!

Hmm.
I got a private response from Sally M. at Desert Roots.
Here it is:  Judgey  "I found your review very judgmental.
Do you mind when your server who serves you meats or alcohol offensive if they smoke?
Cigarettes, although not the healthiest thing on the planet, are not made from dead animals, or GMOs.
Eating a vegan diet, for some, has more to do with a cruelty-free way of living, rather than a health choice.
" - Sally M.  Dear Sally M.,  The issue is not that I am judging you for smoking.
I assure you I do not care one lick of an iota if you smoke.
It's that you smoked right outside your restaurant, then waltzed back in and immediately went to serve up some hummus.
My issue is that this is unsanitary, and whether you're serving a veggie wrap or a ribeye smothered in extra GMO meat sauce, just plain gross.
Rebecca

I'm not a vegetarian or vegan, but I love great tasting food!
It's my favorite place on Mill Ave for lunch.
Desert Roots Kitchen has a delicious rotating menu.
Get a full plate.
The kale salads are delicious.
My favorite dish is a garbanzo bean, peanuts, and dates (sometimes they change the legume or nut, but it's always served with dates).
The staff is friendly.
If you're in a hurry, don't go right at noon.

the only reason they don't get 5 stars is because there isn't any bacon here.
had no idea this place was a vegan/vegetarian or whatever label you want to call it.
Delicious!
is what i rather call it.
They have soups, menu is ever changing, can't get bored with that.
Right around noon is when they get their rush, before/after that there isn't to much of a wait.
It's like walking into the deli section with out all the deli.
There needs to be more places like this.
Try the soups.

This place is fantastic.
Five stars for being the only hippy food in the college district.
I had the tahini brown rice pilaf, red and green quinoa, and the peanut-date curry thing.
It was all awesome,  I thought it was a little pricy for what it was-- other restaurants like this serve three salad plates for 6 or 7 dollars-- but no matter, I loved it and I'll definitely be back.

Hands down my favorite restaurant on Mill Ave.
The food is fresh, local and made right in front of you.
The ladies that work there have a friendly demeanor and are extremely helpful.
The menu changes everyday which provides nice variety, although I have had favorites that I wish I could have on a regular basis.
I've never had a wrap that I didn't enjoy.
It's a hidden gem and is only open during typical business hours which is sad if I'm having a desert roots craving over the weekend or evening.
There is hardly any seating area, and it's all outside so be prepared to eat standing up or at another location.

Amazingly delicious food.
I'm not exaggerating.
Also, super friendly people.
I'm gonna be sad that I live 12 hours away from this place.

This place is fresh.
With a combination of a wrap & an item(s) of your choice, you're assured enough choice for your dose of variety.
The service was good.
The attendant explained everything right in front of everything.
The smoothie was a bit costly though.
But overall, this place is a very healthy option for a meal.

Love it!
Fresh, vegan, yummy!
Nice outdoor sitting area, quiet, great prices.
You won't be disappointed!
Cute little place, a new fave!

Desert Roots is a great little place for a fast lunch.
Since everything is vegan it's one of the best choices in Tempe for something healthy.
Everything I have tried has been really good and satisfying.
The salads and hummus are always fresh and server up deli style from the case.
So it's really quick to stop in eat on the patio and head back about your day.
The staff is exceptionally nice and helpful giving you suggestions of things to try and what they have for the day.
It's a little hard to find at first since it's in a back nook off the street, but well worth it once you know here it is.
If you are curious about vegan food or just want something not fried for lunch this is pretty much the best place on Mill.

I loved the food.
Healthy and delicious.

I am sooooo happy to have found this place!
I dragged my fella here after noticing it while shopping on Mill.
We both enjoyed the plate special.
It was a vegetarian wrap filled with black beans, quinoa and other veggies.
It was really flavorful!
The 2 sides we picked was some asian inspired noodles...not really something I would pick again, but I just didn't like the spices.
And a massaged kale salad that blew my socks off!
My hubby got one bite of that before I devoured it.
So fresh and delicious.
Verdict: As a dedicated carnivore this is my new favorite place when I feel like being a tourist vegetarian!

Tough to find.
It's off the street, down an alley/walkway.
Can't comment on the food because they were closed for the week.

Awesome place- my go to spot in Tempe Fresh, local and organic and delicious to boot!

I've been wanting to try this place for a while since it's a vegan/vegetarian restaurant.
The food felt healthy, light, and tasted delicious.
I love that they make the food fresh every day and have whatever is left in a case so you can see what people liked and was popular or maybe wasn't as popular, but you get the sense that everything is good because there's hardly anything left!
Good sign that all the food is good.
So I tried the full plate with a lentil and spinach wrap and the kale salad.
I'm mostly skeptical about kale salads because they are often very acidic in order to take away the sharp green bitter taste of the kale.
I actually like the green taste of kale, so I really appreciated that this salad wasn't acidic.
It was hearty and savory.
The wrap was so tasty.
I loved the lentil mixture wrapped in spinach and cabbage and then held together with a wheat tortilla.
So good, healthy, satisfying.
I would love to try this place again and see what else they serve.
It felt very community oriented but you have to sit outside if you want to "dine in.
" I guess it could be cool to take the food to go since you really don't have to wait to get your food.
Can't wait to go back.

Great food!
I'm not Vegan, but greatly enjoy the food here, as well as the people who help run it.
Great atmosphere and tucked away so your not on a busy street eating.
I try to make it here as much as I can.
I especially like that they support local farming and business'!

Total hidden gem.
The food is amazing and for someone who is not vegan or vegetarian, there are so many options!
Can't wait to go back and try more!

For me, I have a palette that enjoys the more flavorful of what DRK has to offer.
So I ask them for the more flavorful items, they help me decide, and...buonissime!

Everything great, makes veggies a welcome surprise.
What a great patio and friendly staff.

I originally wrote the review below on the DRK Facebook page in early February 2013 soon after eating here for the first time.
Fast forward 14 months and I'm more impressed and happier than ever.
The "always changing, always delicious" daily selections that Leslie and team produce never fail to please.
Fabulous flavors, incredibly fast and friendly service -- and entirely vegan.
My week isn't complete without my two regular visits to DRK.
That said -- even if you're not vegan or vegetarian -- I challenge you to give them a try.
You will not be disappointed (and your body will be very happy with you)!
Original review: Thrilled to have found a place like yours so close to ASU.
Vegan food that's delicious and local -- with fast and super friendly service.
Not to mention the relaxed outdoor patio seating.
Perfect for my break between classes.
I'll be back!

So..the food was VERY good.
I really needed to take two stars off for the service.
Most of the people there were extremely nice and friendly, but there was one woman who was putting the food together that was so incredibly rude to me.
The couple before me sampled a couple of foods and the woman was very polite to them, even cracking jokes.
She gave them a ton of food and sent them merrily on their way.
When it got to my turn, she took her sweet time putting ~15 signs in front of the food and ignoring me, asking me to wait multiple times when I hadn't said anything and was just staring from her to the menu.
Then, when she finally decided she was ready for my order, she was really rude and seemed like she was so much better than me.
Honestly, all I wanted to do was eat brunch in between my classes and I got that with a side of rude service.
Anyways, on to the food.
It is SO good and VERY filling.
I got the burrito/wrap thing with cauliflower, quinoa and lettuce.
It was delicious and I felt so healthy afterwards.
I also got their iced green tea which was also really refreshing.
I don't really like tortillas, so next time, I think I'm just going to get the plate where you can get a combination of different things.
Everything they make is really good and they seem to be passionate about the food and their restaurant.
With the exception of this one woman, I really enjoyed Desert Roots Kitchen.

Best meal we've had during our week long vacation.
The wrap was great, potato salad - fantastic, and side of kale - mmm mmm.
We'll be back.

They don't have a huge selection, but what they have is delicious.
Got a full wrap (hummus with a lot of veggies) and a side (kale salad) for $10.
The staff was very friendly.
A tasty, healthy meal that's easy on your wallet... Love it!

Love this place!
I feel like I am getting a healthy home cooked meal every time I come here.
I love how the menu changes all the time and there is so much variety' Wish there was a location in Scottsdale.

This place is walking distance from my office and I had been curious for sometime.
My boss and I went for lunch the other day and it was awesome!
We both had a beet salad with almonds, and a kale salad.
Great place,  will definitely be returning.

The place certainly lives up to its reviews.
I am in town for a triathlon with my teammates and I am the only one that is vegetarian.
My carnivorous teammates were raving about the food once we started eating!
I would recommend this place to anyone and wish there was a vegan place like this on our college campus.
Unfortunately the website was very vague as far as what was on the daily menu, but I enjoyed the surprise and everything I had in my wrap was delicious.

I wish I had found this place sooner!
I've been in Tempe for over a year now and eat out frequently for work, and this is my favorite place!
The menu changes daily, and you can choose your own combination of a wrap/half wrap and/or an abundance of sides.
The first time I went I didn't know how it all worked and the workers were patient, friendly, and kept giving me spoonfuls of food as they made it to try!
Everything was so good and I was thrilled as a vegetarian to have some options in Tempe.
My non-vegetarian friends loved it too.
You can't go wrong with the amazing food but the quality customer service on top of it all just adds to this place's greatness.

Strong menu selections, albeit few and constantly changing.
If you thought you would have never enjoyed eating vegan, think again!
Give this awesome place a try!

This place is great.
I've absolutely loved everything that I have tried here.
The place is hidden so you really have to look for it.
It's off Mill but you need to park around the Silvermine/Fuzzys/cafe Boa parking lot and then walk around to find it.
I have lived here since 2006, been on Mill a million times, and still had never seen the courtyard this place is in until I went looking for it.
Love the blueberry tea!
And they let you try samples which is really cool, that way you can test out some of the inventive menu items before you order them.
The staff is so nice and welcoming and the menu is super creative, fun, healthy, and delicious.
I've recommended this place to so many people and will continue to do so.
Well priced too !

