Heard that this place was opened recently and decided to give it a try.
Outstanding!!
I ordered the Club- turkey, ham and bacon fully loaded.
Made fresh and brought to your table.
The staff greets everyone as they walk in, all smiling.
Service time was pretty good considering they were packed.
For the value- price is fair not great but hey, firemen founded it!

Just drving by and saw this place had just opened.. thank you!
Great place...had the hero and it was great!
Glad to see new restaurants coming in to the qc...
This place will make you wonder why you ever ate at subway...incredible meat potions on my sammy..

Fresh & delicious.
Meatball sub was perfect.
Soft tasty meatballs, melted cheese on a soft roll.
Yum!

Never heard of firehouse subs before they got here to Queen Creek, but I am now a raving fan.
I have to be honest, I can't get myself to try anything other than the smoked brisket and cheddar sub ... it's just too damn good to stray.
I like how they give the kids lots of options and give them free fireman hats - kids love that and it makes for a good time, but I digress ... back to the business at hand.
The brisket is melt in your mouth good and the BBQ sauce is perfect combo of sweet and tangy.
I absolutely put this sandwich on my top 5 of all time.
TRY IT!

Searching for a place to eat tonight and we came across Firehouse on Yelp and figured we give it a try.
AWSOME place, food was fantastic, friendly people, only negative was I ordered a large sandwich because I was starving, that was a huge meal.
They put a generous portion of meat on each sandwich, unlike the Subways and Quizno's of the world.

Good but nothing special.
I hate to say it but Subway is a better value.

Great place for kids, my 4yo loves eating here and finely a place in queen creek with a OK sub.
(I'm from Philly, cheese steaks and Italian subs are what i miss most).
I take my kid here after swim class and he still loves the helmets.

Really really really good food.
Love the drink options... You can nearly choose anything you want from the machine.
I cringe to see the one reviewer here comparing this place to Subway.
Laughable.
Sorry... Of course Subway is cheaper.
Their ingredients are cheap... Firehouse has a really well made sub and it can't be compared to the sh-tuff Subway makes.

The Hero is on the top ten list of the best sandwiches I have ever had.
The meat is cut deli-thin and is excellent quality (not Subway gross meat).
The bread is fresh and warm and perfect!
There is some kind of mustard sauce that is always just the right amount, and it all comes together to be DEEE-licious.
Also delicious is the meatball sub.
The bread and all ingredients are FRESH and so good!
Fun drink machine, the staff is friendly, so what's not to like?
((The only sandwich I didn't love so far is the new summer Hawaiian pork thing.
It had too many fatty pieces, the cold slaw wasn't so great, and the whole thing made me miss the tasty Hero.

I have been wanting to stop in and try this place since I noticed it earlier in the year, but with all of the quality mexican food around I thought why waste my time with a sandwich.
So I finally stopped in today and damn I have been missing out!
I had the Hero and it wasn't just a sandwich, it was pure bliss.
Sure, it's not cheap, but it's so much better than disgusting subway and its see through meat (yuck).
Quiznos is fine in a pinch, but Firehouse makes an amazing sandwich, and I can't wait to come back again.

Expensive but worth it!
You pay more than you would at Subway, but you get a much  much better sandwich.
Don't be put off by the description of "Hot Sanwiches" on the menu.
I think they only heat them to melt the cheese.

This place ranks better than most sub places.
It has great flavors.
Hot, toasted sub's.
And good prices.
Just wish they would add another soda fountain machine.
Have to stand in line to access the only one, usually behind children that cannot make up their mind and want to play with it.!

My kids love it!
We love it!
Its a WIN!
My kids love the food, the firehats and the cool digital coke machine.
I LOVE the Engineer sub...which is easy to remember since my hubby's an Engineer at Intel!
I took my father here when he was visiting and he really liked the food too.
This is saying something, because he is very picky about his food.

Better quality than their chain competitors, although slightly more spendy.
Concept of the business is unique.
It was busy when we ate there, and we still received our food relatively quickly.
Have I had better sandwiches elsewhere?
Probably.
Have I had worse?
Yeah.
Would I go again?
Yes, if I was in the area.

Something different, so yum too!

Its nice to finally get some new restaurants in QC.
I enjoy coming here because everyone is friendly and the food is good.
I like to get the veggie.
My kids love getting the fire hats and they love the soda machine.

Had the steak and cheese, it was ok, not worth the money.
Staff was very friendly, place was clean but the food was mediocre.

BIG warning to vegetarians: Their veggie sub is NOT vegetarian.
The sauteed veggies have fish in them (maybe from Worcestershire sauce?
Not sure).
Anyway, thanks for nothing Firehouse Subs.
If you're going to market something as veggie, please make sure that it actually is.

Love me some Firehouse Subs!
Lovely service + sub!

Pretty good sandwiches!
I like the turkey bacon ranch the best so far.
Love the soda machine here, fun trying new flavors.
The bbq brisket sammich isn't bad either, if you like bbq, give it a try sometime!

Great food, good service, nuff said!
Eat here and enjoy!

This is my 2nd time reviewing this place.
I gave it a pretty good review before but now I've changed my opinion.
On two subsequent return visits, my orders were done incorrectly.
I'm talking 2 out of 3 sandwiches were wrong both times.
It's a sandwich, not rocket science, kids.

Pretty good.
I'm not much of a sub eater but this was darned tasty, a good size and good service.
We'll be back.
Thanks!

Great food and service!
Try the Italian sub

Great family friendly and fun place to eat.
Not the most visit location but worth it.

The only reason I came here was because our school was doing a fundraiser.
Sandwiches are OK. Won't go again.

the best!!!

By far the best subs my husband and I have had!
They don't skimp out on the meat either!
I am very impressed!

Okay so I am going to rate this on different levels.
Food - The sandwich was pretty good.
Staff said the sauce was marinated in to the meat.
Bread was a little dry, so I got some of their sauce to moisten it up a little.
OVerall alright Staff - Very friendly.
Welcomed me in right away.
It was my first time into Firehouse, and the guy there was informative, and answered any questions.
Cleanliness - Very clean  Other- Cool soda machine.

Great sandwiches.
A little too pricey or else I would give 5 stars.
Environment is great.
Amazing selection of hot sauces.
Very happy with customer service the times that I have visited this location.

There sandwiches are pretty delicious.

I am not sure exactly how I feel about Firehouse yet.
I feel like I need to go back and have a redo, for my first impression might be a wee bit biased.
I stopped here for my sister and decided to go ahead and try it out.
She loves it and cant get enough of it.
I ended up ordering 4 sandwiches for me and my family.
Unfortunately, I think at this time they were a little under staffed for there were a lot of people waiting in the dining room and the 2 employees working, were rushing like crazy.
I ended up waiting 20 minutes for 4 sandwiches.
I was in a hurry, so I was super annoyed, so this might be why my review is biased.
When I finally got home, I felt like my sandwich was mediocre, nothing to rave about.
A ton of people say Firehouse is WAY better than Quiznos or Subway....... but at those places I have never waited 20 minutes for a mehhhh sandwich.
My family loved their subs, but my turkey, ham and bacon sub, was just meh.
This place is right down the street from my house and my sister eats here once a week, so Ill have to give it another try and see what happens.
First visits aren't always the best, so you always owe it to yourself and the business to try again, because you never know.
Well unless everything about the first visit was horrible.
Haha!

I love this place!
I have not eaten at subway since my first visit here.
There is NO competition because firehouse totally kills them!
The staff members are always SO friendly.
If I could give more stars I would!

Met a fan of mine!
Cool.
I love trying a new hot sauce on my sandwich every time I go.

Great atmosphere,  short wait time and reasonable prices.
I had the #2 the meatball subs, it was awesome.
I'm definitely satisfied and coming back here again.
:-)

Location & Aesthetics - Not sure where this place is located except that it's in Queen Creek.
We stumbled upon it after a business meeting and our driver was asking us where we wanted to eat.
After much indecision, the driver said, let's eat here as he was passing by it and we all agreed saying why not.
There's lots of parking as it's located in a small strip mall.
The exterior and interior was exceptional clean including their bathroom and the whole place was well lit.
We came in a little after lunch and the place was quiet with no lines.
Menu - Can either be found on up on the wall behind the cashier.
Menus weren't overwhelming to read or comprehend and the cashier did answer any questions we had about our orders.
The sandwich comes in two sizes - an 18 inch and I believe a 21 inch though don't quote me on the latter as I'm not sure about it.
I opted for the 18 inch which was more than enough for me and very filling.
Service - The staff was very friendly and even brought out our meals to the table and even picked up our empty baskets and asked us how our meals were.
Food - I ordered the steak and cheese which was delicious.
The cheese was well melted, the steak well seasoned and soft, and the bread was soft and tender as if they just baked it themselves.
You can do the meal option which gives you a drink and chips.
For soda, they have one of those new fan dangled soda machines that boasts on offering over 100 choices.
Rating - 5/5.
Definitely can't find anything wrong with this place and only wished my trip was long enough for me to have returned!

This location is much better than any of the others I've been to in the easy valley.
Very clean, very friendly staff.

