I visited Pro Nails last weekend because my boyfriend proposed to me in Vegas and I had to get my nails done before coming back home!
I was looking for a reasonably priced nail salon, so I knew I had to go off the strip.
I got a fill in for my acrylic nails and a french manicure for only $20.
For a reasonably priced nail shop in a touristy town, this really is as good as it gets.
I would definitely recommend this salon.

This place was a great find.
My assistant and I wanted to escape out of the office and get our nails done....we got deluxe pedi's for 35$ each and gel mani's for 25$ each.
The staff was super friendly and took their time on our services.
Also the place is clean even though the shopping center is a little sketchy!

I went to this place paying $45 for my nails having them lift within 3 days I went back they fixed them.
After that my nails started to lift again after 3 days but I was visiting family out of state that I wasn't able to go back and fix them.
After I come back I give them a call and told them that they lifted again and I wasn't able to go in cause I was put of state.
The women telling me that it was my fault I don't take care of my nails, how can that be if they lifted on their own!!
I don't recommend this place at all!

100% happy with Philips work.
Im returning.
Beautiful decor.
Plenty of private rooms.
Lovely sound of the zen fountain relaxation music.
I luv it here.
Check em out.

Finally!!!!
Been living in Vegas a year now and finally found a good, legit, fair nail salon!
My mom has been going here a while so I finally ( after quite a few other horrible salons ) went to try them out.
Love this place!
The inside is beautiful!
Very quiet, zen and cool.
Sat right down, prices were talked about before we started, rather then being shocked at the end.
I was brought out a cold water.
They hung my purse up so it wasn't on the floor.
I was able to talk with my nail person and have a good conversation I could understand.
Will took his time, even when more people came in.
My biggest pet peeve is being rushed when I'm paying for a service.
He wasn't pushy with trying to sell me other services.
My experience was great.
I'm super annoying when it comes to my nail care, but he did amazing, from start to finish.
They also offer a loyalty card.
I think it's obvious, I'll be back for sure!!

Okk my last Gel Polish on my nails were done by one of the wives there, can't remember her name.
She is unpersonable & did a horrible job on my Gel Polish.
I didn't notice until I got home what an awful job she had done.
Looking at the sides of all my nails you could see thru them, no Polish was applied.
Day 5 nail polish started lifting.
You would have thought I got my nails done @ Walmart.
I don't have time for this.
My daughter went to get her gel mani (her own nails) done ended up with the same lady came home with the same results.
I've posted before on the positive i dont think im gonna let 1 person ruin me returning.

