I have used Flowers by Michelle on a number of occasions to send flowers and I have always been happy with the service, beauty, and price of the arrangements.
We also used them for our wedding and were very happy with them throughout the process.
They worked with us on multiple occasions to help narrow down exactly what we wanted and were great through the process.
We looked at a number of florists around town and felt that for the money we got the most value from Flowers by Michelle.
We were not disappointed and I plan to order many more flowers from them for years to come.

I'm getting married in Vegas in Oct and the wedding will be small, the venue is already beautiful and not in need of flowers, so all I need is a bouquet and possibly corsages.
I left a message at Flowers By Michelle and received a call back the following day.
We told them what we were looking for- specifically, the Alesha and Chelsey bouquets and their prices.
We were put on hold, where the person comes back on the line and says sorry we are booked that day and not doing any more weddings.
She also did not give a price.
I guess the order was too small to be worth their time?
The date of the wedding was left in the message; if they were booked, why didn't they call us back to tell us they were booked?
Why call back asking what we are looking for only to put us on hold for a bit then tell us they're not available?
I guess my order wasn't large enough to bother with our Sunday wedding.
Must be BUSY over there at Flowers By Michelle.

I stopped by Flowers by Michelle to get a cut flower arrangement to place on my mom and dad's grave.
I had never been here before as I do not live in Las Vegas, but when I walked in, I was greeted by a friendly woman.
She asked me what I was looking for and I explained that I would like a bouquet of cut flowers to place on my parents grave.
She asked if I was looking for anything in particular and since its close to Veterans Day, I asked for something in red, white and blue.
She asked me my budget and I said $50.
About 10 minutes later, she came out with a huge bouquet of cut flowers in red, white and blue, with the water tubes on each stem, and wrapped in red paper and tied with a beautiful bow.
I thought, oh, she went for the higher end of my price range.
When she rang them up, I was happily surprised.
The price was only $38.
The service was efficient, the price was awesome and I was very happy with the variety of flowers in the bouquet.
I would highly recommend Flowers by Michelle.

Called several flower shops by distance from me.
No one had anything I needed.
Called fbm and they were friendly and even held my product.
Offered other services I might not of known about but I was not in need.
Very friendly, price is inline with everyone else.
Will be back again even if its out of my way.

Don't waste your time or money using this florist.
My husband has used them for a few years.
The past 2 orders were below par (don't order tulips from here) and had an issue with delivery.
My husband decided to give them one last try for Valentine's Day and didn't order tulips.
They attempted delivery to my work after regular business hours so of course they couldn't get in.
However, the called at almost 6 pm and asked to deliver them to my house.
Sure...no problem, it's Valentines Day so I completly understand they are probably swamped.
90 mins later still no delivery, no call etc...
So after we contact  them to say we hadn't received the flowers they were kind enough to refund our money and credit $25 on the account for the next purchase.
Wow...I was impressed....NOT!!
Let me say there will not be a next time.
I will never use this florist again.

THEY REALLY CAME THROUGH I ordered flowers for my wife the day before Valentines Day.
I ordered on line from CA, with instructions to call before delivery.
Asked for A.M. or late in the day.
At 10:30 am they called to tell me they would be there in short order.
The flowers were beautiful.
My wife was thrilled.
I also received a confirmation email that the flowers had been delivered and received.
I've read some of the negative reviews and have to say my experience was the exact opposite.
I'll use them again.

I've used this florist for a few years because it was close to my house and I wanted to buy local instead of random companies over the Internet.
They have burned me so many times I'm finally done with them for good.
They have previously delivered very poor quality arrangements that looked nothing like the picture, I think they bank on most women not complaining about them?
They would usually apologize and deliver another arrangement like it was business as usual.
But now this was the second time they missed a delivery, even after they confirmed it was delivered!?
Horribly disorganized & even worse service.
They couldn't care any less about their customers.
I'll never use them again.

OMG!!!
My flowers just arrived from my Husband and son for Mother's day.
They are amazing!!
I am 53 yr old and have never received an arrangement This Beautiful and Fresh.!!!
Thank you, Thank you  Flowers by Michelle   Sincerely, Carol

Just got off phone w/Vicki and all I can say is amazing!
Great customer service above & beyond!

This is the second time that I have received flowers and they are ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!
I am surprised how long the flowers last!
This is the only store my boyfriend buys flowers from because they are the BEST!
Thank you!

Thank you very much for creating the arrangement.
Service was easy and options were great.
The staff is very knowledgable and friendly.
They also delivered on time for the event.
Will use their services again.

Needed a corsage for prom at the last minute because we procrastinated.
They did a beautiful job.

I met with a couple different florists before deciding on Flowers By Michelle.
Michelle sat down with me and took the time to go over the ideas I had for my wedding.
I really appreciated her interest and patience with me as I communicated my vision to her.
I gave her clear ideas of what I wanted and she executed them beautifully.
My bouquet was lovely and so were the boutonnieres and corsages.
They had left out the hair flowers they had promised, so I was a little bummed about that - I didn't have a veil and wanted a little hair ornamentation.
They also were a few minutes late dropping off the flowers, but not a deal breaker.

What amazing service recovery Flowers By Michelle demonstrated.
They absolutely kept me as a customer, and as a matter of fact, I just want to buy more flowers because they were so responsive!
Really.
I had drafted a terrible review because I was angry at a mistake that they had made.
I was traveling internationally on business, and wanted to send a special dramatic and elegant arrangement to my girlfriend of 2 years.
2 red roses surrounded by all white.
Instead, she received 3 pink roses in a bouquet.
I wrote a romantic note about the 2 roses and our 2 years together.
I was upset that it didn't work, and I wrote an email to Flowers By Michelle.
They responded, acknowledging the mistake, and apologized profusely.
To make things right, they sent the correct arrangement to my girlfriend, and it was absolutely gorgeous.
To top it off, they included a beautiful card that apologized to my girlfriend for making the mistake, and quoted my original romantic note!
They also placed a credit on my account for my next order, which I certainly will use.
Amazing service.
Beautiful flowers.
Took responsibility and accountability.
Why can't every business be like this?
Highly recommend Flowers By Michelle!

