This is a fairly new location for Einstein but, I am surprised it wasn't on YELP!, yet.
Anyway, being new, the decor is very fresh.
The interior design is quite nice, large, open, spacious, tons of seating, and a GREAT location.
The strip mall it is located in is pretty cool, with other neat stores.
So, it's a great place to grab a bkfst or lunch bagel if visiting Lake Mendota, or shopping in the area.
Free wi-fi is always nice, too.
I had a breakfast bagel sandwich, on pumpernickel...and it was quite good.
I'm not sure how they whip/cook their eggs but, there is something different about them.
Odd.
Not unpleasant, I do like them, just, the texture is different.
Had  a latte, and that was well made.
Not some generic machine like you see at a lot of other places.
hint:  if you do Google street view, it shows the old Mexican taco place that used to be there..this is A LOT better!
However, Google maps does correctly list the business address and location as Einstein

Quick service, great bagel and coffee.
Clean place!

Won't be back.
This place was horrible.
Not even kidding.
Won't be back at all.
The bagel was stale and tastes horrible.
When I asked for a new one they just have me excuses and finally gave me a new one and the new one was still horrible.
Won't be back.

There used to be a wifi network I would pick up at the bus stop outside this Einsteins.
The name of that wifi network was, "6 dollars for a bagel sandwich!?".
True story.
And yes, Einsteins IS a bit overpriced, considering it is only one step up from any other fast food chain restaurant.
All my coastie friends hate Einstein's because they don't serve "real" bagels.
I have never had an authentic New York bagel, so I don't know what I am missing, I suppose.
That said, I love, LOVE my usual order from Einstein's, which consists of a 6-Cheese Bagel with Onion and Chive schmear.
Sometimes, I also get a hazelnut-vanilla coffee to go with it.
I always get the same things because I love it so much.
Plus, it's conveniently located.
Can't help it, it's tasty and I love it.

