For our 11th anniversary, husband bought me the classic Tiffany bracelet online because he didn't realize there were stores locally.
Well, his measuring my wrist in my sleep, besides creepy, backfired.
He bought the wrong sized.
Instead of sending it back, I thought the family could pop over to the Fashion Show Mall and exchange it.
The gentleman who helped us was super responsive and helpful.
He took care of it quickly.
I would give the customer service FROM HIM 5 stars.
I was super paranoid being in there with my 5 and 9 year old.
Apparently, so was a female store employee who just stared at us as if we were circus animals.
Her smurky "you don't belong here" look reduced the store's stars for me.
It's that type of attitude that makes me what to say, "I have a graduate degree and you work at the mall.
Don't be all high and mighty, snotty chick!
"  But I just keep my kids in the center of the store and they didn't touch anything.
Quite frankly, they were very well behaved at the moment.
(You know, for being my kids.

I knew what I wanted when I walked in.
Waited awhile asked the guy at the door for some help.
He said the associates where helping other guest and would be right with us.
We looked around the store then the manager came up to us looked us straight in the face said "thank you guest for waiting we will be with you soon.
"  The manager came and a helped us.
It was an awesome experience.
They didn't have what I wanted on display so he looked for it for me.
Then fitted me with my jewelry choice.
Rang my purchases up and thanked us again for waited.
Even paid attention to Kyle, my BF and Sophia, the 2 year old with us.
Tim offered Sophia her one of my bags and boxes to hold she was very happy.
Tim the manager was the best!

Love that this store is conveniently located at the mall.
The selection of jewelry is limited compared to the other stores they have on the Strip, but I was happy with the pieces they sold here.
Sales staff was friendly, never pushy and did not hover over us while I jumped from case to case trying to make up my mind.
They were helpful and let me try on different pendants and chains before I decided on what I wanted.
It just so happened though the jewelry piece I picked out just came in and was a brand new design and wasn't listed in the books yet so it took a few minutes to find out.
The only thing we we're not too comfortable with was when they go to ring the sale, your card is taken to another room out of your sight for a few minutes.
Although the sight of your new jewelry in the exclusive Tiffany Blue box is a happy one!

Yes, well it is Tiffanys for heavens sake!
Very helpful (not pushy sales people) convenient, beautiful store.
Window shop mostly, but staff is helpful and friendly.

Such great customer service!
I had stopped because my necklace I just got for Christmas was about to break on one of the clasps that was attached to the key pendant.
I had asked what I could do and the associate ended up exchanging my necklace no charge and in a decent amount of time!
While I was waiting, many of the other associates checked up on me and asked if I needed anything.
Will definitely come back to this location!

I got to the store as they had just locked their doors to close for the evening, the man locking up saw the look on my face like "noooooo ...pleeaasssse let me in" and unlocked the doors & let me in.
I had some earrings to drop off for cleaning , and decided to try some rings on too.
The lady helping me was so patient and helpful.
I ended up buying the infinity ring.
Truly an  awesome customer service experience ..love love love this store !

My sales associate that helped me did an awesome job.
I told her what I wanted and immediately she pulled my options, and I did find something immediately.
The store is beautiful and has a lot of nice things.
My items were wrapped in a cute blue box.

