Great new thrift store NE of 12th Street and Northern.
Well organized, easy to navigate with lots of quality treasures.
Volunteer help is abundant and super friendly.
Best of all your purchases will help rescue boxer dogs!
Luv this shop!

Shopping for a great cause!
I love this store and will definitely spread the word.
Anything to help out the woofers:)

Great thrift store!
Always new stuff, friendly staff of volunteers and the money goes to Boxer Luv Rescue!

love this store, always finding great clothes, books and household items, prices are really good, great layout, lots of stock!!

I live near this thrift store.
I love the fact that my purchases help rescue dogs.
I usually buy books and stuffed animals for my dog, but if you look around, they have a lot of neat and good quality items for VERY good prices.
For instance, I got a few Van Gogh posters (1 framed) for $6.
The people are always very friendly when I'm there.
It's a great store.

I must say go on record that this is 100% without a doubt my absolute favorite thrift shop in Phoenix.
The items are wonderful and priced to sell (unlike so many other thrift shops).
The employees are the greatest group of women who never fail to make make me laugh and leave with a smile (not just because of the incredible items I got at such an unbelievable price).
I also feel good because this shop is 100% nonprofit and every penny made goes to helping the Boxers!!!
I really cannot give enough praise to this place, LOVE IT!!!!

This place is dirty, and the staff are more interested in talking amongst themselves and eating than helping customers.
One dressing room (the second is filled with junk).
Not for me, but you go!
animal lovers.

Luv To Save is FANTASTIC!!!!
I have found the BEST deals ... china tea cups from England for my budding collection, retro bar stools to update my kitchen, clothes, holiday decorations, tablecloths, dresses, jeans, shoes, platters, candy dishes ....
The quality of items people donate is outstanding!
I adopted our Mickey (white boxer) from BoxerLuv.org and we are fostering Cheyenne (brindle boxer) for them.
Our other baby is Diego.
Knowing that 100% is donated, 100% is volunteer and 100% of the money goes to support BoxerLuv.org is amazing ...
Thanks to all those who donate, volunteer and shop!
Also, the furbabies are always welcome (on a leash of course) which makes visiting even more fun!

