I've been wanting to try Sno-Ball Mania for awhile.
They are Baltimore style sno-balls.
I have no idea what a Baltimore sno-ball is but was excited to have a shaved ice place close by.
Took the kids in for a afternoon treat during spring break and we got cotton candy, bubble gum, watermelon and red velvet.
A small is only $2.
So good deal there.
Yelp description says shaved ice, this isn't shaved ice like I am used to it seems like crushed ice.
Def not the smooth texture of Hawaiian shaved ice.
Maybe that is what makes it Baltimore style?
It was good though especially when the ice melted a bit and you break up the bigger pieces with your spoon.
It became more like a crunchy slushee/water ice.
The woman who served us was nice but when we went outside to eat, she came out a min later and stood right by us smoking.
Why would you do that?
I have my little kids.
I thought it was unprofessional and kinda rude.
Walk down a bit, go out back, wait until we leave...something.
We will come back and try them again.
They also have ice cream and shakes besides the sno-balls.
Ask for a punch card.
Buy 10 sno-balls get a large one free.
I had to ask.
It wasn't offered to me.

My kids have been bugging to go here for months now, we see there sign everyday since there school is right by it.
I finally decided to stop by today with the kids.
It's not your average carnival snow cones, it's a lot better!!!
We enjoyed it here and will definitely be regulars.

Great refreshments!
Especially in the heat.
Staff/owner/operator is cool, but don't expect a friendly greeting with a smile.

I am so disappointed.
We went there for date night and I really was looking forward to some yummy shaved ice.
First off, the packaging is plastic, so if you are into the environment at all (like I am), this was a real turn-off.
I ordered two flavors in a medium size.
There was hardly any topping on it.
One of the flavors I got was cinnamon, and I couldn't even taste it, it just tasted like unflavored ice.
I could have gotten some more topping, but it would have cost more.
I really wish I could give this a better review.

I walked in and was greeted right away.
Owners were very nice.
So I bought a watermelon snowball with marshmallow, and it was awesome.
I am from Baltimore and grew up eating snowballs.
Son-ball mania took me back to charm city.
I would come back in a heart beat, and plan on doing that.
Alot of flavors to choose from also.
Thank you sno-ball mania for bringing some bmore love to vegas

Checked this place out on a weekend after a walk through Sunset Park with the dog.
I hadn't eaten anything, but it was too hot to "want" anything of substance, so I decided this would be a nice cool treat.
Walked in and was greeted immediately.
Flavor board is HUGE, so of course it took some time to figure out what to get.
I told him I wanted something fruity/sweet, and to pick out what his faves were, so he mixed up some dragon's blood and cherry or something.
It was fabulous!
They also have Thrifty ice cream there, but if you have read my past review on Thrifty, you know how I feel about that ice cream.
It shouldn't be classified as ice cream, it should be classified as ice chunk in a cone.
It sucks.
If I want something gritty, I'll have shaved/crushed ice!
Love this place.
If I came here once a day for a year, I still wouldn't be able to try all the flavors.

Out garage saling in the brutal heat, the Sno-balls signs practically sang to us.
Sweet refreshment!
The owners are very nice and attentive.
There are so many flavors that it's almost impossible to choose.
Plus: sweet cream!
One word: nom.
No, it's not Hawaiian shave ice.
The freaking name is Sno-balls, people.
Geesh!
They are tucked away in a strip mall off of Whitney Ranch, you kind of don't know it's there unless you've been there before.
Watch for those siren signs.
Worth the cool, refreshing stop.
Plus, they always have the game or races on.

Stopped in recently, but sadly was not a fan.
The portions are large and their prices are excellent, but if you are expecting shaved iced, you will be very disappointed.
I felt like I was eating crushed ice and the flavor was very watered down.
The woman behind the counter was not welcoming nor friendly.
There is only one table with two wobbly chairs outside, which we decided to sit at.
Shortly after we went outside to sit, the woman behind the counter stepped outside to smoke, which we considered to be very unprofessional and rude (keep your secondhand smoke to yourself, please).
Also, there were two teenage boys who were sitting inside when we arrived who, for whatever reason, decided it would be a good idea to hold a spitting contest on the sidewalk outside, it was disgusting to say the least.
Unfortunately, we will not be visiting this establishment again.

