This wee run-down cottage in Royal Terrace Gardens has been transformed into a rustic cosy little restaurant.
They do a set menu of five courses for £25 and you can see the chefs at work in the centre of the dining area.
If you like elegant private dining you probably won't like this place as the tables are long slabs of reclaimed timber and you sit next to the other diners.
It does make for a really good sociable atmosphere.
A somewhat different and relaxing dining experience.
There's none of the bother of choosing what to eat, the five courses just get served up to you and there's no rush, plenty of time for conversation.
You can ask ahead if you have any dietary requirements.
The set menu is constantly changing, the night I went there was tender pieces of pork, a delicious bitter vegetable soup, fish, dessert, cheese... all the courses were excellent and thankfully none were too large so there was always room for the next one.
Very much worth the money, though to make sure you get the best value check what is on the menu as it changes very fast and then pick a selection that really suits you.

Had dinner here on Tuesday and was well impressed.
Although the portion sizes were kinda inconsistent amongst our group of 4, then the couple sitting next to us had their dishes served slightly differently to ours and seemingly with more stuff..  Aside from that, the food was fabulous and you could taste the freshness of the ingredients as they base their meals around things which are locally sourced.
The wine & drinks list is fantastic as well.
The ricotta & pumpkin cheesecake was a great end to the meal.
The communal tables were pretty fun.
£25 for 5 courses is pretty good value for money.
Will definitely be back again!

We popped in on the off chance that they might have some seats for brunch on Saturday.
Luckily they'd just had a cancellation so we snagged a few seats in the corner.
There were only a couple of choices for brunch but they both looked good.
We opted for the bacon, poached eggs and greens with toasted sourdough.
It also came with mushrooms and some Stornoway black pudding.
Yum.
Good sized portions too.
We were sat on our own at one of tables so didn't get to partake of the communal dining experience.
It was good to see the chef at work in the kitchen from our seats and from the taste it was clear that everything is made to order using fresh produce.
Will definitely go back to try their dinner menu.

One of the most fun dining experiences I have had in Edinburgh.
The food was perfectly prepared, fresh, modern, relaxed.
I couldn't wait for each of the seven courses to come.
Overall it was a perfect amount of food.
My favourite course was a crab meat ravioli with bisque.
It's a bit like having a taster menu.
It was great to try so many lovely things in one dinner, however it was a wee bit disappointing that my favourite dish was over so quickly.
Everyone sits at the same table, yes, but I wasn't even aware of what people were talking about next to me.
You can see the staff working away in the kitchen.
The music is played on a record player in the room - a lovely thing to see.
I really loved everything about The Gardners Cottage.
Even my loose leaf peppermint tea was amazing.
It was really good value too.

This place is really original with a simple idea and theme.
We were travelling back to see friends in Edinburgh and read about this place in The Week magazine.
Having just returned from Cape Town where we had some impressive food, we thought this place sounded as if it would offer good value for lunch, with the food cooked from whatever is fresh that day...and thus the place would have some originality.
Like most folks who have commented on this place we were charmed!
Sure the service can be a little muddled as all the staff, chefs included work at a pace, and a glass of extra wine did need to be asked for twice....but if anyone sits and waits for 45 minutes for a bottle...then simply get up and ask politely and I'm sure that you will get your wine...simple really!
The staff all seemed to have passion and smile, and spending my life running an inn, sadly I know that often this not is the case!
They came across as human.
What I also loved is that you can see the 3 chefs working in a small kitchen.
Onto the food...a great rabbit terrine, which they were making more of as we ate lunch...the smell was fantastic!
I then had a black pudding..another starter as I was VERY hungry and then a fish dish from memory.
All got 10/10.
Sure the choices are limited (this makes it easier in my opinion) and you sit on long benches abutting long communal tables and elbow room is sparse....but hey for 25 quid it's a great meal and experience, and you may even speak with a local.
The wine choices are enough to excite and also reasonably priced.
The traditional record player was quirky and refreshing in this I-Pod obsessed century.
Yup LP's do stick and jump still!
Would I go back...sure!
And then you pop round the corner for another snack at the wonderful Valvolla & Crolla!

An incredible gastronomic experience that are beyond any expletives, as the previous review said, that can be used to express the awesomeness of this place.
A rustic quaint little cottage hidden in a small park that takes you literally as if you were out in the countryside.
Our table was within arms reach and in full view of the two young chefs who were intensely prepping the meals.
The servers were very friendly.
The food was perfectly matched with the wine for each course.
The meals were well-balanced.
All the ingredients were procured from local sources and couldn't have been any fresher.
Had a great time sharing the dinner with a friend here.
There was some difficulty making our way out through the tiny door way which we didn't have any problems getting through earlier before the meals.
;-)    When in Edinburgh, a definite must!

What a lovely place!!
The food was beautifully cooked and the atmosphere was great.
Personally I quite like the coseyness of the shared tables, but  you are very tightly packed next to your neighbors which might not be to everyone's taste.
Despite having 5 courses I didn't feel overly full at the end of the meal- some would say just right, but I could have done with a little more (hence four, not 5 stars.
) The food was really lovely though, very tasty, and cooked sympathetically to the seasonal  ingredients.

It was very serendipitous that we ended up eating here.
We had failed to make any proper birthday dinner reservations elsewhere and in our searching I remembered having heard this place was good, so I checked their website and was able to book a table on-line the same morning.
Very handy!
We arrived at 5:45, which is generally a bit early for us to eat dinner, but with 7 courses we figured it was a good time to start.
We were also quite excited to try a meal we didn't have to choose.
The location and cottage itself are idyllic, it does feel like you have wandered into a lovely English cottage and surrounding garden.
The inside is so warm and cozy and it feels like you are dining in at a friends home.
They have 3 tables, which seat 10 each and you sit next to the other diners, no separate tables.
I quite enjoyed it as it just adds to the homelike feel of this place.
I really love the surroundings and the record player spitting out some music from the 50s and you also get to watch the chefs cooking, which adds to the relaxing atmosphere.
The staff was exceptional.
We were greeted instantly and seated right away.
The staff was very efficient, but casual and so friendly.
We were asked if we wanted any explanation of the menu or if we just wanted to jump right in.
We opted to just jump in and I received an excellent wine recommendation to suite what was to come.
In order we started with the pig tongue dumpling, which was amazing.
Small, but so many flavors and a delicious fresh slaw to go with it.
Next we received sourdough bread with a beetroot dip, which was lovely and delicate.
Following that we received a kale and bacon soup with blue cheese and toasted walnuts.
It was very smooth and such a nice dish, the walnuts and bacon made it so hearty and complimented the line of courses well.
Our main was roast lamb, with gnocchi, wild roasted garlic, crispy purple sprouting broccoli and aioli.
The lamb was served pink and was excellent, the gnocchi was light and buttery (so amazing!
) and the vegetables were stunning.
I especially liked the garlic, which looked like it had just been pulled with the stalks from the garden.
I was so full after that, but the food was too good to even think about stopping.
After that course we received a light biscuit "ragstone" with a very mild goats cheese and carrot jam.
It was such a nice treat, well-sized and very good to have after such a great main.
Now the dessert, again so full, but luckily both desserts were so light and just wow!
The first was a smoked pumpkin mousse, chocolate cream and hazelnut meringue.
The pumpkin was surprisingly addicting and the hazelnuts have it a nice texture.
The chocolate cream was rich, but not too sweet and it went so well with the pumpkin.
The second dessert was toasted brioche, char-grilled apple, barley ice-cream and carrot and crowdie mousse.
It was also to die for.
The crowdie and carrot mouse was absolutely 'divine' as Paula Dean would say.
It was so lovely.
The entire experience, meal and service was beyond any expectations I had and I was thoroughly impressed.
It definitely is a splash and not something I would do often, but it is so worth it for a special occasion or something different.
I would recommend this to anyone who is loves food and doesn't mind being served a meal selected by people who know what they are doing with food.
If you are picky or have any dietary things they do offer to try to accommodate those, but I personally would say don't bother trying it if you aren't a wee bit adventurous.
This is an experience for diners who appreciate food and can respect that it is cooked and paired exactly how it should be for you to enjoy.
Let go for a change and feel pampered by some pros!

Sunday brunch/ lunch today courtesy of my wife.
Outstanding cooking of beautifully fresh produce.
Where to start ?
The rhubarb Bellini.
Yes that's where we started.
We opted for some sharing and a main each.
Tagliatelle with walnuts and black pudding - crunchy and spicy - it disappeared a bit sharpish!
I had the hake with celeriac and amazing crispy kale - I guess it was dehydrated in the oven.
Simply superb.my wife had the leg of mutton equally well presented.
Finale was fought over with spoons.
Sherry ice-cream, chocolate and some more rhubarb from the front garden.
Keep it up guys.
We've been fans since day 2!
We'll be back.

I loved everything about my experience at Gardener's Cottage.
I love the fact that the old cottage I used to bus by on my way to work is now in use.
I love walking through a tiny productive garden to get to the front door, I LOVE that they use slates to define the raised beds (stealing that idea), I love that the food is in season, I love that it's creative and tasty and I can't be picky or safe and I just have to eat what's in front of me (as a formerly way picky eater, this is a big deal).
I know that the concept of GC can sound pretty pretentious or, as one friend put it, a hipster's wet dream.
But I found the actual execution to be laid back, friendly, and delicious, with no pretension at all.
I think maybe that the big sharing tables force you to leave your BS at the door and just enjoy the experience.
I also think that the INCREDIBLE (not listed) starter of warm home made sourdough with bbq'd purple sprouting broccoli and some kind of hollandaise-ish sauce helped that whole thing too.
Of course next time I go it will be something completely different, and that's cool too.
Be prepared to be wowed, ok'd, and meh'd during the course of your meal.
It's highly likely you won't like everything they're serving because you pretty much have no choice in the matter (unless you really hate something that's on the menu, or have an allergy or moral issue with it).
But, that's ok because most of the experience will be great and will leave you appreciating what Scotland had to offer even more.
Basically, loving it all the way and desperate to go back.

