A proper market!
Yep, as fab as Stockbridge is, it is even more fabby with a weekly market and since last week, a twice weekly market, which now includes a Thursday.
Sunday though is a great market and for those with the munchies then there are plenty of samples to be had.
A few staple stalls (meat, fish, veggies) and then others who are there on different weeks.
The fab Burgh Bakes appears to be there about twice a month and there are new flavours of marshmallows available too - I loved the Pimms marshmallows.
There is a fudge stall - can't remember the name but I am in LOVE with the strawberries and cream fudge with real strawberry pieces in it.
The divine Cuckoo's Bakery also have a market presence too.
I've still to make it on a day when the German bakers are there who sell GF bread but the butchers do GF pate and proper butchers GF sausages are there to be had too.
There is plenty of nonfood traders too.
My mum bought a gorgeous scarf for £8 (total bargain as its gorgeous material and simply beautiful) and Brass Cat do gorgeous one off jewellery pieces in silver and semi-precious stones and which are really reasonably priced too.
Stockbridge market is well worth a visit - I don't know if I'll ever make a Thursday due to work but for a Sunday afternoon wander, then its my new favourite place :-)

This place has really come on in the last year - from a couple of random stalls beside the Grange they now take up the square opposite the end of Hamilton place.
While the Castle Terrace market I would say meets your every day shopping needs Stockbrisge as you might expect sort out your specialist item/upmarket needs.
Run on a Thursday evening and on a Sunday they have some fantastic fare.
My top picks would be the veal from Peelham farm and the fish/seafood stall from Northumbria.
The fish stall is a collection of what comes off their boat the days before - so fresh!
they have incredible shellfish including lobster (which starts at £6) and a great selection of fish.
For the foodie this is a must visit.
JD - thinking of new ways to eat lobster!

This is a wonderful, little farmer's market in upscale Stockbridge and the market matches its surroundings.
Not far from New Town, Stockbridge feels quaint and distant from the hustle and bustle of the city shopping.
The farmer's market is situated next to the picturesque Water of Leith river and consists of 20+ stalls with pretty yellow awnings.
The stalls range from high-quality meats and cheeses to beautiful, handmade pottery and cheese-making kits.
There are few vegetables from what we saw and it isn't a place I would do regular food shopping, but they have some nice prepared foods and soups for lunch.
It is a fun place to stroll and peruse the offerings.

I was at the Stockbridge Market on their opening day, last year, and my how the weekly Market has grown since there.
All the locals were delighted to have their own Market on their doorstep, showcasing some of the best of local produce, Edinburgh businesses and brands.
And over the year it has grown in size and popularity.
Stockbridge itself is just lovely, so picturesque and like a little village in itself.
The Market adds to that neighbourhood feel.
All the businesses there are supplying the finest produce, and pretty good prices too (I heard from Jurgen D he picked up a whole mallard for £5), there's something for everyone from cake and marshmallows to meats, cheeses, breads and even non-edibles like soaps.
I've heard so many Yelpers talking about it recently, I can't wait to head back there soon especially after a CMYE brunch with some Yelp folks.
It's a perfect weekly market to celebrate some brilliant local businesses, and pick up a treat and something tasty for a Sunday dinner or the week ahead.

hmm maybe this review is a bit biased as everyone else seems to rave about the Stockbridge Market.
however, on my quick visit early this afternoon i was left rather underwhelmed.
there were very few vendors there and a number of the products on offer seemed rather highly priced.
£13 for a chicken!!!
now i'm all one for free range and buying straight from the producer, but i could hardly afford to live if i was paying that much just to get some meat in my diet.
i was charmed by the women at the marshmallow lady stand though.
i spoke to the owner's mother who was lovely and very eager to give us a free sample of the products on offer.
i did cave and buy two bags of marshmallows to bring into work for my co-workers, but i hardly found anything else worth buying or that i felt i could afford in my budget.
maybe it was the time of year and if i went again when the weather got better i'd find loads on offer and at better prices.
so i'm not ruling this place out, but it will be awhile til i will find myself wanting to visit again.

Is there rain or shine Nice little farmers market Sometimes hit or miss

The best kinds of markets are those where you roam around like an excited four year old and wanting to spend your month's wages on really cool things that you don't need, will probably go off but you get so carried away with the very idea of the culinary magnificence that you create that you end up going just haywire...phew  Panting, you walk away with a carrier bag full of rhubarb, more sage than you have ever used in your lifetime, a cheese making kit, and a head full of ideas without fully connecting up the fact all you can make is some herby cheese stuffed rhubarb with your gains.
In fact, the rhubarb and sage will have gone off while you wait for the mozzarella to cure/ferment/whatever you call cheese brewing.
Love Stockbridge Market, it makes me giddy with culinary delight.

This is a wee market, but the options available are fantastic.
I make a mission of going to Stockbridge every couple of weeks to escape the student crowd, take a walk, and buy some good food.
If I have time, I also walk along the river to the modern art museum after feasting.
Let's take a look at some of the regular stalls:  -Cuckoos cupcake-well known to be the best cupcakes in town, this company is fantastic because the staff are lovely, the baking is very creative, and the cupcakes are absolutely stunning.
I have only tried the white chocolate raspberry flavour, which was really delicious and the ratio of buttercream to sponge (which was very light, by the way) was perfect.
They also offer a gluten free carrot cake, which I am yet to try, as it keeps selling out really quickly.
-Ziggy's raw food-raw puddings, salads, pizza, dips, did I mention it was raw?
Try the raw cheesecake, it's delicious and very nutritious.
-The olive store (not sure what it's called)-lovely olives and marinated vegetables which you can; unfortunately the price for actually buying is quite extortionate, though it's nice to have this as an option.
-Au gourmand Edinburgh-fresh French bread, croissants, pains au raisin, and other exciting pastries which you may miss from your holidays.
-cheese man-the famous cheese man who parks up in the meadows every Saturday now hits Stockbridge on Sundays.
He imports some really delicious/smelly cheese from France, including some delicious goats cheeses.
He also offers French pastries and macaroons, which are amongst the best in Edinburgh.
Japanese stall-again, not sure of the name, sorry, but this stall offers delicious sushi (I tried the vegetarian one), miso soup and freshly prepared wok fried noodles.
Artisan coffee-there is often an artisan stall, complete with a marque and a Volkswagen campervan  parked up.
Enjoy quality coffee, good cake, and take the beans home if you fancy.
There's also an interesting looking Indian stall which I am yet to try, quite a few dairy and meat options and a few crafts.
I would recommend using this as a base to explore Stockbridge!
There are many other exciting shops/bars in this very cool area, besides a good range of well-stocked charity shops.

I'd been wanting to come here for aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaages and finally made it this past weekend.
We were surprised at how small it was, and that it wasn't actually anywhere near the "Stockbridge Market" sign that's up on the website.
Despite the size, they manage to cram in quite a few stalls which have very little repetition - a definite plus.
However, there were a few aspects that didn't really float my boat.
We started out with coffees made in a camper van - cool concept, overly acidic coffee.
Primarily we found it a bit sketchy that some of the places didn't display their prices - we bought honey for £5, and asparagus for £4.
The asparagus was most shocking, especially as when we got home we noticed the tiny "grown in Mexico" wording stamped on the rubber band.
Now, I'll pay (albeit grudgingly) £4 for locally grown asparagus but what the flip is someone doing selling imported veggies at a farmer's type market?!
Everyone I've told wondered if it was just Tesco asparagus being resold.
Painful.
Flip side - we bought some spectacular shortbread and toffee from a really cute stall, and I wanted to get the beeswax based moisturiser in a bar from another one of the stalls but ran out of money after selling my soul to the god of Mexican asparagus.
The moisturiser guy was really cool and I would definitely go back to buy his stuff.
He also looked like Dustin Hoffman.
So... yeah not necessarily something I'm going to go out of my way to visit again.
Having said that, I know my experience was coloured by the freezing rain and the great asparagus robbery so maybe I'll give it another go as long as I have another reason to be in that part of town.

This is a great market for a Sunday.
Eventhough (as mentioned in other reviews) you wouldn't go here for your daily supply of groceries you can pick up some great local produce.
I thoroughly enjoy just strolling through this market on a Sunday afternoon.
The buzz, the buskers, the banter and the products are all well worth the experience.
We have bought breads, meats and coffee on several occasions.
None did disappoint neither wowed.
Yes, you pay a little more for the privilege, but it is not surprising for the quality and local source produce on offer.
Why only 3 stars?
Well it is a small market and not many product being offered are for me.

It must be said, the initial draw was down to Steampunk coffee, which I tracked down to a "stall" at Stockbridge Market ... and by stall I mean decked out, super-caffeinated VW Combi!
SO, this must be your 1st port of call when you arrive ...
Delicious array of edible delights... take cash, and lots of it if you are venturing there on an empty stomach!
I am a sucker for small businesses, and will buy 20 venison pies if I like the stall owner!
The ultimate consumer!
I tend to go a few times a month now, and enjoy it as much with a group of friends as alone - I am a semi-pro people watcher......
I'm not going to give too much away about what's there - it's one of those places that you each get something else out of it ... just keep your afternoon clear!

I'm seriously torn by Stockbridge market because, in and of itself, it's perfectly nice.
It has lots of nice fast food stalls staffed by very friendly people, where you can pick up a bite to eat and a coffee and generally pass a pleasant half hour.
At the same time, even in comparison to Edinburgh's other markets, it all feels a bit twee.
This is definitely not somewhere you'd come to get groceries (even posh ones) - it's more like a slightly self-satisfied food court.
If I'm in Stockbridge and hungry when it's on, I'll probably pop in for a tub of the (admittedly lovely) paella, but it's not something I'd go out of my way for.

Castle Terrace Farmers' Market seems to be the first word when it comes to Farmers' Markets in and around Edinburgh but personally, I much prefer Stockbridge's effort.
For a start it's in the beautiful 'village-y' Stockbridge and surrounded by an array of excellent shops, bars and restaurants.
Secondly, it has an eclectic mix of cuisine available to 'eat in' or take-away.
Ranging from Curry to Paella or Japanese.
It also offers more than just food.
You'll find handicrafts, charity stalls, jewellery, antique curios and even gourmet dog treats!
Thirdly, it has a great atmosphere.
Traders are passionate about their products and there is always a friendly buzz around the market.
But most impressive of all is the quality of the produce available.
It's an outlet for independent sellers and everything is either fresh, locally sourced, ethical, handmade ect.
It offers a great opportunity to buy superior products at greater value than you'll get in a supermarket and supports local business' at the same time.
Everyone's a winner.

If you're looking for a large farmer's market that basically looks as if your local grocer's has spilled onto the street, it'd be best to find another.
If you're looking for a small, intimate, market with fresh EVERYTHING where afterwards you can spend a lovely afternoon walking around Stockbridge, come here!
I can't remember the name of the stall, but I got wonderfully fresh homemade pasta and sauce, a myriad of fresh veg, and of course a tasty treat for after dinner :)

I visit Stockbridge Market at least two times a month.
I think I am addicted to it!
You can find delicious local produce, try great pasta or curry, buy soap loaf, amazing chocolate and much much more.
My bag is always full of beautiful olives, olive oil, sourdough bread, venison chorizo and French cheese.
If you think you know how cheese taste, try Comte and Beaufort, you may surprise yourself.
And all that is in a picturesque location of an old village.
This market is a great alternative to supermarkets and make shopping much more enjoyable.

Every week there is something different, and then the usual stalls I look forward to: the huge woks of simmering food, the vegetable and fruit merchants, the cheesemonger, the fish guy, that couple selling poultry, and the bakery.
There is also the steampunk coffee, that takes ten minutes to get, but also the communal excitement and haughty reserve of all those waiting.
Today I bought 6 fortune cookies for £6.
No, I didn't know how much they were since it was not displayed.
But they are hilarious- mixed flavors with mixed fortunes, some of which are quite ominous.
The packaging is gorgeous, and it will make a nice gift at the next dinner party, so whatever.
You can also order hem online with custom fortunes, I can only guess what that costs, but being mercenary is not so fun, so moving on.
There are tons of dogs and cute people, and the ever present hipsters standing in the cool Scottish morning, literally just standing around, no coffee or cotton bags with farmer market goodies.
Their attractive bearded faces judging what everyone else is doing.
This is in my hood, so I will keep coming, esp when I can see the marshmallow stall is there.

This isn't my first time at the grand old stockbridge market, oh no!
I've been a few times before and I'm sure I've reviewed it but not sure where the review ended up!
But lets get onto the important stuff ... lots of stalls here offering a wide range of goodies from plants to pasta, cupcakes and bread to handmade handbags and cards.
Even Steampunk Coffee is here to offer you a very good hot beverage!
It's great that this market offers such a wide range of artisian stalls but it does get crowded and gets into a bottle neck at certain stalls that's why i rate it four stars.
Other than that It's fabulous sweetie!

