Tucked away behind a bridal store and tuxedo rental shop in a little Mexican themed strip mall on the East Side of Madison, is a wonderfully authentic Mexican restaurant called Taqueria Sabor Queretano.
They just got a new printed menu today, my first time trying this business out.
My husband and I ordered the menudo soup and lengua taco.
I ordered a horchata drink - think Big Gulp sized!
($3).
My lengua taco was $2, and it was actually big enough to make into two tacos with the double tortillas we received.
The menudo soup is also a hearty portion size - we had to ask for the "small" size ($7), otherwise, it would have been large enough to feed at least two, likely three people.
The service provided by our waiter, Mario, was good.
I think Mario was the only waiter in the shop who speaks English - the owner/chef seemed to rely upon him for translation when I'd asked how long they had been open.
He said three years now.
Wow, that's a long time to be open and not yet have a yelp review.
All the customers who walked in were from the neighborhood.
I will definitely be coming back here again - food was great.
Ambience was decent - a flat screen TV plays telenovelas in the background, a huge fan to cool us down from the heat of the food, and cases and cases of jarritos piled high up against the walls for storage.
But everything was clean, people were friendly, and the food was seemingly authentic.
there's a grocery store next door - La Hispana - that sells limited produce, household things, rotisserie chicken, boxed horchata, etc.

you know it's good Mexican food when only Mexicans are dining in!
At first, the prices were like "WTF!
" (yeah I said wtf) BUT when my humongous carnitas gordita came out, I seriously was only able to eat that one item, the carnitas was loaded in that pocket!!!
(great maiz flavor of the gordita masa, by the way) My guest chose the carne asada Hondureno and it had 5 large thinly sliced steak pieces and 4 large halves of delicious fried plaintain... very delicious.
The beans (frijoles de la hoya) had sooooo much flavor.
BIG prices but also BIG portions... it is afterall Madison Wisconsin ;)

My English 1 teacher gave out an assignment to visit a new restaurant and write a review of it.
Since my wife and I have already been to virtually every affordable restaurant on the east side, finding a place to write about was a bit of a challenge, but after scouring Google, I found this tiny Mexican place just off East Washington.
When we pulled up, we were immediately put off by the lack of decor and cheap, worn furnishings that looked like they'd come secondhand from an office's break room, but I had a grade to earn, so we forged ahead.
The place initially appeared to be empty, but after we walked in a server appeared from the back.
The menus consisted of printed pages in the heavy plastic booklets typical of small diners, and provided virtually no information about the meals beyond names and prices.
Feeling only slightly adventurous, my wife ordered something mysterious called pambazo, but asked for chicken rather than the chorizo the server suggested.
I decided to play it safe and ordered the mole; though I've never had it as a dish by itself, at least I've had meals including mole sauce before.
The server explained to me in Spanish peppered with English that they were out of chicken, but he could make it with beef instead.
"Is good," he assured me.
Our food arrived in surprisingly short order.
Pambazo turned out to be a giant sandwich-thing featuring shredded chicken, a crumbly white cheese and vegetables on puffy bread.
The chicken was bland and watery and the vegetables shriveled -- both obviously came out of a can -- but the tasty bread saved the dish.
The mole came on a wide plate with a huge hunk of beef drowned in the thick brown mole sauce at one end, a pool of runny, bland refried beans on the other, and a thin strip of white rice down the middle.
Additionally, a stack of tiny corn tortillas were kept warm in a container on the side.
The mole itself was pretty good; the beef was tender and shredded easily under my fork, and the sauce had a rich, earthy flavor with just a hint of bitterness.
However, I'm not sure what I was supposed to do with the tortillas.
Though the thick, warm tortillas you have with butter before a meal at Pedro's came to mind, there was nothing to put on these and they were thin and oddly dry.
I decided to try making little mole taco/burrito-things out of them, but they were so small that if I tried to wrap up more than a bite at a time it got pretty messy.
When we were full, there was still enough food on our plates to get an entire second dinner out of it.
Our waiter had left the building sometime during our meal, so I wandered back to the counter to find someone who could get us to-go boxes.
The only other person there was the cook, who was occupied way in the back of the kitchen, but there was a tall stack of styrofoam boxes next to the register.
I helped myself to two of them.
After boxing up our leftovers, there was nothing left to do but pay and leave.
This is the part that every business truly lives for, and it's the one part that they almost never get wrong; no matter how poor the service is, you can always count on them being happy to take your money.
Sadly, this was the restaurant's biggest failure.
Wherever the server wandered off to, he still hadn't returned.
I went up to the counter and managed to get the cook's attention, but he showed no interest in taking my money, only assuring me "he'll be right back", presumably referring to the server.
He returned to the back of the kitchen and placed a phone call.
We stood around and waited for several minutes.
I was about ready to just guesstimate the bill and leave cash on the table when our server finally returned.
The prices are comparable to Pedro's or other similar Mexican restaurants, but the food is merely adequate, and both the atmosphere and service are practically non-existent.
While I wouldn't necessarily be opposed to giving them a second chance, given the number of restaurant options in the area, I doubt I ever will.

Really, my favorite cheese enchiladas I've ever ordered!
Amazing beautiful plates with avocados and vegetables and great, strong flavors.
I'm a huge fan!

I think Taqueria Sabor Queretano is just delicious.
The guacamole is some of the best I've ever had, and (as mentioned elsewhere) the portions are HUGE.
I had an asada gordita, carnitas taco, and chorizo taco - everything was excellent.
My only complaint is that they were out of al pastor when we came, but I'll definitely be back to check that out.
I've got a longer review on my taco-reviewing website, here: http://tacosmog.com/rev/t/taqueriasaborqueretano.html

WOW.
Madison's new king of tacos!
I was pretty upset about the closing of La Guanajuatence and kept wondering if any restaurant could ever take its place.
Well, good news--we went to Taqueria Sabor Querento and I have to say--the food is FANTASTIC.
Sure, there's no salsa bar, but this place just has incredible tacos and Mexican food in general.
Tacos will run you $2.50 each, but the meat servings are enormous.
Pastor here?
Excellent.
I also got a carnitas sopes--which was too big for $3.50.
Coupled with the taco, I couldn't finish it.
Oh, and to the people complaining about the decor--ignore them.
Clearly, those philistines have never been to a legit, authentic Mexican restaurant.
Go here, get everything.
Seriously.
I am THRILLED that Madison (I mean me) has a new place to go for superb Mexican.
Keep calm and om nom nom, people.

Excellent Mexican food, reasonable prices for the portions.
This is not Texmex food.
Real stone ground yellow corn tortillas.
Fresh handmade guacamole.
Had the carne' asada which came with grilled plantains, rice, beans (not refried), and salad with avocado, and fresh made green salsa.
The salsa was in a small container, but a little went a long way.
Friendly service.
I ate there two lunches in a row and it would have been more if I was in town longer.
My wife had the chimichanga which were huge and filled with lots of meat.
She finished 3/4 of one of the two included with the order.
This is the real deal Mexican food with Mexican TV on in the background.
This is not a place to go for your brightly colored typical Americanized Mexican decor, but a great place for great food.

Great food.
Mas(s) quantities.
Spanish-speaking soaps on TV.
You get the picture - totally awesome.

Still my favorite, but quick little tip/update: They have horchata behind the counter.
It's not on the menu.
Ask for it.
¡Es excelente!

Don't go anywhere else in town for traditional Mexican fare....it won't compare!

Looking for authentic latin food?
Get yourself to Sabor Queretano.
The location is odd; close to East Towne's Red Lobster in what looks like a neglected strip mall.
(Check out the hispanic store next store, too.
)  Having eaten there 3 times, I still crave their food  Each time I've tried different meals.
They were all incredibly delicious.
Large open space, with a kitchen in plain sight.
Massive piles of plantains (platanos).
Clean place.
Service isn't too slow, but it's not fast.
Bring the kids.
TV with muscia latina is usually on, but not at deafening levels.
As other reviewers have mentioned the prices are higher than many places, but so are their portions.
Each time I've gone home with leftovers.
I am a huge fan of Sabor Queretano.

I got a tripa taco and an al pastor sope.
The tripa itself was no-compromise flavorful, but alone the taco it would have been not so fulfilling - - but together with that amazing sope it was a feast, for $6.
The cornmeal in the sope was not thick - - it was lighter than the taco shell(s) - - but heaped with an al pastor like none I'd ever had - - rich, red, strong in flavor - - and the onion and very fresh cilantro (and nice salsa) made for a VERY sumptious, flavorful, and satisfying meal.
It could be that the cuisine (from Queretaro?
) is different than the Michoacan and Guanajuato I'm used to, but it was very unique, distinctive, and great care was put into making it highly flavorful.
Like with Los Gemelos, which I also hugely enjoy in its two Madison locations,  I would highly recommend getting at least one sope, as opposed to just tacos.

This taqueria has so many home cooked touches.
The guacamole was quickly made to order.
The shredded pork in the tacos was slow cooked and tender.
The salsas were deep in flavor and contained fresh cilantro and chiles.
The pastor and chorizo were clearly house-made and richly prepared.
The ambiance is like so many of these great Mexican places.
Clearly not the comfort that you expect from more expensive restaurants.
It's the decor of a sandwich shop but the cuisine of great heights.

Downgraded review after finding several rocks in my pinto beans.
Told waiter and he did nothing.
He did not appear to notify cook.
He did not take it off the bill, nor did he apologize.
For the those who don't know, a rock in pintos indicates poor food prep, and can lead to a cracked tooth.
Boooooo.
This is a real shame because otherwise, I have loved every dish and every visit to Sabor Queretano.

During a recent trip to Madison, my wife and I found Taqueria through our "friends" on Yelp.
This place is literally located in a random strip center off the frontage road, behind a McDonald's.
It is a bit sketchy feeling - in fact, my wife and I debated going here or doing the safe thing and hitting the Chipotle down the block.
SO GLAD we went here.
It is a medium sized Mexican joint with authentic food and great service.
The waiters were great, kind, and quick to help with any needs.
When we sat down, they brought chips and two kinds of salsas - I LOVE spicy foods and rarely do they affect me, but the hotter salsa had a nice kick and great flavor.
The food we ordered definitely shined.
I ordered Tripe tacos (get over the fear - tripe is awesome).
These were outstanding!!!
I also ordered the Al Pastor Sope - these were bigger than expected and also excellent.
While I didn't order a burrito, I saw one being delivered - it looked like it weighted 5 pounds...
If and when we go back, I will certainly stop by here again!

Interesing dishes and flavors.
Decent prices and excellent service.
Not sure this is mexican, doesn't taste like anything I've had before.

Average food, average service, average prices.
Nothing to complain about, just nothing to make it stand out from the many other taquerias.

I have been wanting to leave a review and Reviewer on 4/20/2014 hit the nail on the head with exactly what I was thinking.
Food was good, staff was nice, place is a little hard to find and I had to debate whether or not I would actually go in.
I went here because of my pregnancy craving for enchiladas and have found none since being in Madison for a year.
The chicken enchiladas were delicious and exactly the authentic flavor I was looking for.
I also had the flautas which were just as tasty.
My husband enjoyed his tacos.
He had more filling than he expected and had enough for leftovers.
Definitely good food if you are willing to give it a try.
It really reminded me that places like Qdoba and Chipotle are like "fast food" and missing that good authentic flavor that I loved about my favorite restaurant back at home.

Stopped by before starting on my usual pilgrimage up I94.
Place is pretty hard to find because it is hidden behind a McDonald, but I was happy I put in the effort.
I had 3 tacos: pastor, barbaco and carnitas.
All were good and came with perfect sauces, but what I liked most where the tortillas.
They were the more rustic kind and looked like they might have been homemade with stone ground flour.
It is a small thing, but I thing it is this sort of things that makes a taco joint stand out.
I also liked the vibe of the place.
Laid back, mostly South American patrons and a prompt, no frill kind of service.
Oh And the World Cup on TV.
Will probably stop by again for a quick bite on my way from or to I94 and maybe get something more portable to eat while on the road.

No chips and salsa?
What!?!?
WHAT?!?!
Seriously...I can't think of another Mexican restaurant in the area that doesn't offer free chips and salsa....  We ordered food for the 4 of us (2 adults and 2 children) which consisted of 2 Chimichangas, 2 tacos for my wife, and 2 kids meals.
With 3 drinks, our bill came to $41 and change.
This place is definitely more expensive than most Mexican restaurants in the area.
The waiter didn't give me ice in my water, which made it very tepid.
The service was slow as well.
I don't know why everyone is rating this place so well.
I'm used to getting free chips and salsa at Mexican restaurants, especially for $40+ for 4 people.
WE definitely won't be back here.

Pretty good food.
I had the beef carnitas and a beer, the daughter had steak chimichangas and water.
The meal came in about 10 minutes and they give you quite a bit of food.
Everything was fresh.
My steak was on the chewy side but flavorful.
The reason for just 3 stars is  1.
No chips and salsa.
Really!
So you just have to sit there and wait.
Price.
$30 for 2 lunches?
And the daughter had water?
Good food but at the price there are other pl a case for me.

