What a WONDERFUL service!
Our Golden was "banished" from her last groomer for acting out, so we needed to find a mobile groomer.
We were paying $55 plus a tip at our old place, but Debora charged us only $50.
What is the most interesting to me is that one mobile service quoted me $120, so I know we received a bargain.
Maddie received highly personalized service, and did not want Debora to leave.
Do not hesitate to use Angel Tails Dog Grooming.
The professionalism and care shown were amazing, and Maddie is proudly showing off her new "do.

I been to many groomers and I finally find the best one.she does such a good job my dogs loves her:)

It only took me 9 years to find MY groomer after getting into an argument with about 10+ groomers in this town because my dogs got mistreated n got minor cuts n stuff :( after posting pictures of bad hair cut on my FB one of my bf's co-worker recommended her groomer Debra...I was like "All the groomers r same this one's probably another joke that counts dogs as just number $" but, since I've tried almost everyone including couple of animal hospitals I gave her a call she asked what kind of dogs I have n we both had Sheltie!
We instantly started talking about how great shelties r n stuff.
After actually meeting her n got my all 3 dogs groomed I was so relived n glad I made that phone call.
She comes to ur house so u don't have to drive with ur dogs (I have 3 n it's not that enjoyable driving with all of em at the same time) drop them off n wait all day worrying about them cz u know they r stuck in the case thirsty n i NEVER put my dogs in the cases they get freaked out n bark a lot too but, Debra finishes in about an hour per dog n she charges little bit less than those grooming places.
What I used to pay them for 2 now I pay $10 more for 3.
Her trailer is pretty neat!!

This groomer may have good reviews but she was less than polite on the phone.
She is NOT taking any new clients.
I inquired why this wasn't on her website and she got huffy with me.
When I informed her that I would be putting a comment on yelp she was not happy and hung up me.
She may be good with dogs but not so much  with humans.
Ruff!
Ruff!r  I stand by my comments.
I used a competitor and they were fine.
The subject service is not taking clients.

