Very good spot clean and friendly staff 2 other location one in aliante and another on rainbow, always get there turkey cheese or veggie wrap for breakfast always good and fast service.

They are right next door to a super busy starbucks, and so I went in one day to see what it was like.
I was very underwhelmed with the service.
The counter makes it kind of hard to see what they are doing behind while making the food.
I was actually late to work becuase they took so long with making my bagel and ringing me out.
The staff is friendly enough but somewhat slow so don't go if ur in a rush!

Popped in here for a quick snack and needed something different.
Small little bagel deli'ish establishment.
Got a pastrami bagel sandwich that was decemt.
Wasn't horrible, but it definitely didn't hit the mark, or very close to it for that matter.
The young man served me in about 5 minutes and then promptly returned to the table of young girls he had been talking to when I came in.
I'd keep shopping around.....

Not sure why this place has so few stars.
Solid bagels and schmear.

This place is tucked away in between a busy Starbucks and a large grocery store, among other small mom and pop shops.
I needed a quick bite to eat and didn't want to deal with the line at Starbucks so I decided to pay a visit.
There's a huge poster in the entrance that advertises their $3 special for bagel with cream cheese and coffee.
Bingo!
I made my way in to divulge in their special.
The dining area isn't anything extravagant, it's just what you need with lots of tables and chairs.
Walking up to the order stand, I was quite disappointed to see that three-fourths of their bagel selection wasn't available.
It was 10:50 AM so I wasn't sure that they just sold out of everything earlier in the morning or if they don't offer a large selection as listed.
I opted for a simple blueberry bagel with cream cheese.
Unlike Einstein Brothers where you can see the preparation of your food, this place has a huge wall from the order stand to the cashier's stand so preparation isn't visible.
Whatever, I figure you can't mess up a bagel with cream cheese.
They toasted my bagel (I didn't ask for this but I think I'd be annoyed if I didn't want it toasted) so that it had a nice crunch.
But the bagel had absolutely no flavor.
Blueberries?
Nah, this bagel had me scratching my head wondering where the blueberry good ran off to.
They serve regular coffee as well as vanilla flavored coffee.
Their vanilla coffee was pretty good, can't complain about that.
As the name states, this place serves gyros and deli sandwiches.
Their "New York" bagels didn't impress me so I'm not sure if I'll be back anytime soon to try other items on their menu.
Sad face.

Visited last thursday to get a quick gyro fix.
Opted for the gyro platter.
it was 50 cents more than the gyro it's self.
But let me tell you, it was well worth it.
Came with a huge portion of meat on top of a pita with lettuce tomato and onion on the side.
Along with your cucumber dill dip you can opt for fries or hummus.
Man that hummus was delightful.
Not to grainy or oily but perfect for the soft pita i had.
Will definitely have to try the bagels next.
Almost forgot to mention, I had so much leftover that I took it home.
I was dying to eat it the next afternoon only to come home to my roommate begging for the name of the place.
At least we enjoyed it together!

The service here was terrible.
How do you screw up an egg and cheese breakfast sandwich?
I knew that I was in trouble when the guy asked me if I wanted the bagel toasted.
Yes, and please cook the egg and melt the cheese.
I award you no stars and may God have mercy on your soul.
(Yelp won't let me give zero stars.

awesome food, good prices, nice speedy service

This place is small & has irregular hours, but a pretty extensive bagel menu, excellent schmears, & from my experience (& having tried this place bc o review from a native New Yorker) this place has the closest to authentic you will find, outside "The City", at least in "Sin City".
There is also a good variety of sandwiches, but j have never tried the gyros.
Overall, worth checking out & a great $5ish breakfast/lunch!

The BLT is delicious.
About once a week I get a craving and this place really delivers.
My husband grabs us bagel and smear (mine with tomato) and 3/4 of the time it is correct.
(Full disclosure: my husband has a German accent.
So it might be a language barrier) I think this place is a gem.
Support local business.

One of my favorite places in Las Vegas to get a gyro.
Staff is always friendly.
Bagels are also good, but I rarely get one because the gyros are so awesome.

I love this bagel shop, they have sandwiches and gyros.
I had a salt bagel Mediterranean sandwich, it was amazing.
My son had a chocolate bagel w cream cheese.
The food is super quick and the service is awesome.
Found a new spot for some delicious grub.

Love this place...
I've never had the bagels but love the gyro!
So good.
I would give five stars but the place could really use some freshening up inside and the ordering experience is always odd (order, stand with a bunch of people, 5 min later you can pay, then stand around until someone yells out your order) probably sounds picky but it's just weird.

Hate to say it, but I saw cockroaches on the floor near the restrooms.
Didn't order anything.
Immediately left.

Great service and awesome food.
Love their gyros!
Just hate the fact their closed on Fridays :(

The best New York style bagel I've had in a while.
Got a toasted everything bagel with plain schmear.
Medium size bagel, great texture and taste.
I wanted milk but they ran out ...
I'd pick this over Einstein's any day.
In the strip mall that shares the Smith's parking lot.
Bleh atmosphere.
Call in your order to save some time when you're late (my lifelong battle) Mon-Fri:  6am-4pm Sat-sun : 7-2

This place is awesome!
We were visiting from hawaii and we got to meet Ramona and the staff... they were very friendly and the food was great.
We all (4 )ordered different things and it was to die for.
We don't have this kinds of stuff here in hawaii so it was a treat for us!
We will be back here for sure next time... don't worry ramona, we will be sending you a postcard soon!

