Omg!!!!
Heather is the BEST Aesthetician in the West Valley.
My eye lash extensions are gorgeous!!!
See for your self!!!!
If your looking for someone to do lashes,permanent makeup, waxing etc.... Beauty Secrets by Heather is the place to.go!!!

Heather is awesome.
She did my initial set of lashes and I've already gone back for a fill.
Her prices are great and she does beautiful work!
The compliments are rolling in.
Absolutely recommend!

Heather is amazing!!
I was pretty skeptical as I didn't want to look like Dolly Parton but I was truly impressed with the results as well as her professionalism.
I will certainly recommend her to everyone!

Heather is amazing!
She always makes me feel so comfortable and shes so personable.
Every time I go in she makes me feel like I'm one of her friends and my eyelashes and waxing always come out gorgeous!!
My lashes feel so natural and look amazing.
I will never go anywhere else, she is the very best at what she does!!

Heather is very personable, experienced and a great bargain!
There is never a hassle with making appointments, she is on time, she is also fast at lash extensions- real fast!
You won't find anyone better in the West Valley for this price.

I got my lashes done maybe 2 weeks ago.
I just wanted to say I got nothing but great compliments on my lashes!!!
I gave a lot of girls your contact info and referred them to you!
So there should be more clients headed your way haha!
Thanks again for everything.

Heather Has Done My Brazilian Waxes For About A Year And She Does A Fantastic Job!
She Is Very Professional And Makes Me Feel Very Comfortable!
I Would Highly Recommend Her Services!!!

Beauty Secrets by Heather is the place to go if you want fantastic lashes.
Expect to be complimented like never before just from one visit.
I have to say I am hooked and cannot do without my lashes.
I can go to work now without makeup and the look she gives is natural and inexpensive compared to most.
Heather is a skilled professional who wants you to be satisfied with your lashes.
I have recommended her to all my friends as she provides a comfortable relaxing experience.
Love Heather and my lash extensions.

Heather is super sweet and talented!!!
I LOVE my lashes!
Thank you for making me feel gorgeous!!

Heather is awesome!
She has done my permanent brows and full set of lashes.
She is very professional and does great work.
It is obvious that she has had a lot of experience but she takes the time to listen to you.
I love being able to go out without any (additional) makeup!

