My wife went there to get the car waxed.
Came home with the dried wax all over the car.
Don't waste your time or money.

The cleaning was OK. All you have to say NO to upgrades.
Its expensive if you dont have a groupon coupon.

My husband took our 1 year old car to get detailed.
The mats were a little dirty and we wanted to keep it looking nice.
We paid $80 for a "detail", which included wash, wax and shampoo of mats.
When my husband got home and I saw the car, I was furious!
The car wasn't completely clean, the rims were still dirty, the floors had not been vacuumed and there was still dust on the interior of the car.
I decided to take the car back the next day to have them fix the shoddy job.
The matts were in the back of the car "drying" and when I went to put them back the next day I saw they were SOAKING wet, and FILTHY!
They were actually dirtier than when we brought them in!!
Apparently they don't clean the mats with a hand held shampooer, but put them through a "shampooing machine".
Well, this machine left "poo" on our mats alright!
There was dark brown dirt/ mud streaks all over them.
AND they smelled!
The only thing I could think of was that while in this machine all of the filth off of other peoples mats apparently got transferred to our mats.
When we returned I tried to keep my cool (on behalf of my husband) and was civil to the manager about the terrible job they did with our car.
He apologized and agreed to redo the car and mats.
While the inside was cleaner the second time, the mats were permanently stained, and due to the water saturation the emblems on the mats began to lift.
The mats now have a permanent musty, mildew, dirty smell that makes me angry every time I get in the car.
DO NOT get your car detailed here.
I'm still mad about paying for a terrible service that will actually end up costing me money to get my smelly mats replaced...BUYER BEWARE!

I got a groupon for this place.
This is the 2nd location I tried.
I think they all operate differently.
For one thing, the other one (25th Ave and Camelback) had me sit in the car as it went through the automatic wash and then I had to drive it to the covered location for the guys to dry.
This one I didn't.
I waited till it went through and then someone drove it to the guys to dry.
My experience wasn't as bad as the others.
They didn't try to upgrade me at all.
The guy who took my order was nice and so was the cashier.
Prices are def.
dif.
depending on the location.
The first one was around $12 for the Ultimate wash and this location was charging $28!!!
Wow.
Of course, the areas are very dif.
so that has something to do with it.
But I wouldn't pay $28.
That's too much.
When I went, there were two cars getting dried.
Once they left, all three guys worked on mine since I was the only one.
Made for a quick dry so can't complain.
Not a bad job either.
Not great either.
But not bad.
If I had paid $28 though, then I would have really been upset.

Went for complete detail and asked to be called when they had finished.
5 hours later I go to check on my car and was told its been sitting waiting for an hour already with no call.
The worst part is that there was still dirt in the vents, grass particles in the carpet, and the seats didn't look any cleaner than when I took them the car.
They didn't wax the exterior, clean between the rims struts, or even dry the windows.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY.
After arguing with the ticket writer, who by the way said he was the manager and wasn't, the manager gave me another full detail voucher.
IT WILL NOT BE USED.
My 2011 WRX will be detailed by true professional next time.
Not a car wash detail place, never again.

This place is slower than the DMV, absolutely filthy and rundown (contemplated getting a tetanus shot).
l Had a coupon for $24.99 oil change and carwash, which included the Oil, Filter and Base car wash.  After the mechanic (I use this term loosely) was done with the car he told me that it would be an additional $13 for the oil filter.
When I asked him why he stated that the car used a canister filter and those where not included in the oil change.
For anyone who is not a "mechanic", every production car in the country uses some sort of canister oil filter, so, of course I was dumb founded as to why my 2011 Kia Sorento's oil filter would somehow be different than every other canister filter (besides size).
After 2 min of arguing about how I wasn't paying for a second filter when the coupon, sign and banners in front of the building clearly state that the filter is included, they removed the charge.
Once I was finally done with the "mechanic" I had the pleasure of dealing with the cashier who was about as inept at customer service as you can imagine.
Not sure if she spoke English since she barely said two words to me at a volume that would rival a mouse fart.
In all seriousness, this is the worst car wash I have ever been to.

