Out of all the pools in Vegas I've been to this has to be my favorite pool because of the grand waterfall and lush landscaping feels like you are transported into a relaxing tropical environment.
The pool has be renovated to accommodate more lounge chairs because guests have been complaining to MGM about not having enough room and so they pool as gotten a but small since I first visited the Mirage back in 1998 when Steve Wynn still owned this.
Back then I remember the pool area having a slide for the kids and more seating space in the pool by the the waterfalls in the lagoon area and there use to be a wooden bridge connecting the other half of the pool but has been torn down to add some lounge chair room.
The Oasis pool is a nice touch for hotel guests looking for more relaxation and for $50 USD, you get your own upscale lounge chair, umbrella, private pool and personal service.
I thought about doing that but decided to just use the $50 for something else and stayed in the main pool where all the action is.
I've heard about guests complaining about lounge chairs being reserved by guests by leaving their stuff on the chair and then coming back after having breakfast or having an extra hour of sleep.
Well when I went early in the morning around 8 am to look for a poolside chair, since they are they most popular sports in the pool, I found a a chair by the stairs leading to the water and next to me were two lounge chairs that as already reserved just by looking at the pool towel, hat, and tanning oil, they sure didn't want to lose that spot.
I looked at my watch to check the time I settled in my chair and when they finally arrived, I checked my watch and it had been 3 hours since they left their chairs unattended and I thought the lifeguard would be curious about it but no concern.
I just thought I'd let the Yelpers know about this since I've read to many reviews on Trip Advisor about this.
The waitress was very friendly when it comes to drinks and I ask them what they recommended in terms of alcohol and they suggested ordering a souvenir cup because you get more for your money and I got the extra shot with it.
I ordered the AMF with Kryptonite and that tasted so good.
The wait for the service can be fast and sometimes very slow depending on how busy the pool area is, so I learned to be patient, I suggest they hire more waitress during the summer time to increase efficiency to improve their service.
The music they play is perfect poolside music and not ghetto or too loud like some of the other pools (Flamingo).
Around the pool there is a lot of eye candy so it helps enhance the Vegas pool experience and just swimming around the pool you hear different European languages which is very interesting (British, French, German, Dutch, Italian, Irish, Spanish) but mostly I've heard were British.
Sometimes you'll see reps from the Bare Pool trying to fill up the the Adult area.
The pool water was crystal clear the last time I swam here and sometimes the water was just too murky with tanning lotion on the surface, leaves falling in from the surrounded trees and at one time it had too much chlorine.

Very slow cocktail service, like Very Very slow.
And it's hard to flag down someone.
They should have the flags on the backs of the seat so you can put your flag up when you are thirsty.
Bucket of 8 beers was $50, so not terrible, but definitely not free.
It also gets really really packed.
So you almost have to put your towels on chairs by 9 am to get a couple of them together.
Then go eat your breakfast and you'll likely still sit in the shade till 1130 am.
By 1 pm there's throngs of people looking for chairs and roaming around.
They have a separate high rollers pool that you can see from the 'regular people's pool' that is always empty and always has open chairs.
The pool itself is actually quite nice it's just such a process to find chairs and a waitress that it makes it 'unrelaxing'.
A swim up blackjack table or seats in the pool would be pretty awesome.
They don't have any games at all outside, which I found to be unusual.
If this pool is not for you, Go to BARE it's in the same 'area' and is an ADULT only pool [aka topless] you will have to pay like $100-$150 for your seat which includes food/drinks [you have a min spend for the day] but it can be more fun!

Beautiful and relaxing.
The waitresses are attentive (considering the amount of people they have to deal with) and the drinks are really delicious albeit slightly pricey but it's Vegas...

Pool is decent.
Not as large as pools at the Flamingo, MGM or Mandalay Bay, but the atmosphere is chill and tropical.
We stayed at the Oasis pool, which have private chairs and cabanas for a fee.
Totally worth the $50 a chair fee since the whole pool area fills up quickly.
Order the large mojito drinks, they are the best bang for your buck and you get to keep the cheesy Mirage souvenir cup!
Vegas starts here!

Get here early!
The pool gets crowded pretty quickly (then again what pool in Vegas doesn't?).
They have the Private Oasis which is AWESOME!
It's $50 per chair, but you have in and out privileges all day!
You get your own towels, waitress service, etc.
It's well worth it to get away from the crowd.
The wait staff is pretty attentive!

Pool is nice, but not as ridiculous as the pools at the Flamingo, MGM or Mandalay Bay.
Chill atmosphere.
Youthful crowd, but maybe not the "scene" some people look for.

Vegas has a lot of hotels to choose from, and pretty much all of them have pools.
So why the Mirage?
Well their pool is great.
It's also close to the dolphin exhibit, so it's like you're sharing the same water, except you aren't.
The Mirage Pool has a large area for laying out, a bar area, a few water falls and tons of chairs.
They also have pool side service and extra large Mojitos (like 64 oz, seriously).
If you're traveling with little ones -- have no fear.
Mirage Pool comes staffed with life guards.
The water temp was just right, and it wasn't too crowded.

The one star ranking is for the Bare pool lounge.
Holy cow was that a waste of money.
$30 to get in, $100 to sit down, $400 if u wanted a bed style lounger.
Being a guy, I was hoping for some good 'scenery' but there were just 90 hondo guys and maybe 8 girls.
Do not go.

Knowing is half the battle!

This review is for the Oasis private pool.
Well it says private but anyone willing to pay for admittance can go in and believe me on a hot summer day, it's well worth the money.
The chairs are all padded and there are umbrellas for each guest.
They have a set number of reservations available so you need to plan ahead.
The pool manager Amanda is great and she has a staff that anticipates your needs and remembers what you order from one day to the next.
We were there last month and they all remembered us, in fact one young man remembered us from a visit last October.
So now when we make our hotel reservation, if it's during a peak season or we know it's going to be hot, we just make an advance reservation for this wonderful pool.

A great pool in the middle of the desert.
Easy to get to if you are there before 9am.
The bathroom is clean but there is only one crappy shower so just beware.
Service is decent.
The people smoking is annoying but eh... What are you going to do?
I'm a normal gal, decent looking, decent build and I didn't feel too out of place.
Not too rowdy.. Not too many kids.
I dig it.

This is my favorite pool on the strip, I love all the palm trees and the waterfalls.
This place is so peaceful and tranquil.
I love coming here first thing in the morning with my coffee when it's not so crowded.
You have to show your room key to get in.

I know Vegas isn't the place one usually takes young children for vacation but I did as it was an impromptu trip.
So I figure the pool is a great place to pass the time.
The pool gets packed quickly so there were basically no chairs to place my belongings.
I just needed one chair!
We finally found one and jumped in for a dip.
The water was kinda cloudy from All the sunblock, oil, sweat.
Ummm....yuck.
There were people practically dry humping er...
Wet humping in the pool-  again I know Vegas, not a kids place but had I been in the pool with my honey buns I still don't want to see people in the throws of passion.
Isn't that what your room is for?
Or the dance floor at the club ?
Most people smiled at the baby and my kids are pretty good about not splashing others and keeping their pool etiquette in check so they had fun and didn't notice the R rated making out going on.
So cons kinda gross water, deep kissing and heavy petting, nowhere to sit.
Pros- it was a pool and 110 degrees out.
They had free water Bc it's so hot.
Waterfall was awesome, people kept complimenting me on how cute my baby is.
Ok that one is just me being a proud mom.
All in all was fun but next time we visit Vegas it will be on a weekday.

After a night of raucous and a gorgefest at Cravings (the buffet at the mirage).
I decided to come here in my swim trunks and take a dip in the pool.
The mirage pool is a really chill spot and isn't as crowded as some of the pools at the cosmopolitan or ceasar's palace.
There are plenty of lounge chairs for you to sit on and bask in the desert sun!
After going into the water, I set up my towel and laid there and close my eyes...only to pass out for 2 hours because we didn't sleep til 5am that night!
All in all, definitely love the atmosphere and the waterfall of the pool here!

If you want to relax by the pool and not worry about someone passing you by, spilling drinks on you, or the rowdy ones shouting, this is a good place to go!
There is a large waterfall that is so relaxing and soothing.
I feel like I'm on an island when I come here.
I don't think the water is heated, but you'll get used to it.
Definitely cooler by the waterfall, which you can go under.
In the cabanas, a cheese and fruit tray await you, and they are delicious!
I always ate at least half of each plate.
TV's are in the cabanas as well, but I'd rather catch up on some shut eye in a relaxing atmosphere.
Staff are helpful, too.
There's always someone walking around if you need them.
If you had a long night, this is definitely the spot to kick back and let the sounds of the waterfall relax you.

The food grill/restaurant by the pool was so good and a nice place to enjoy breakfast and lunch

I used to love the Mirage pool, but lately there seem to be an overabundance of fat slobs hanging out there.
Their cocktail pool girls used to be HOT, sadly no longer.
I'm not sure how you freshen up a pool and re-invent it, but it's time!

Good pool.
Not as crazy as some of the other hotels.
Service is about average qnd so is the food.
One nice thing is it isnt over packed every day with drunk, immature trash.

Love this pool great place up sun bath and grab a bite and drink always good customer service and can't beat the view

The VIP pool at the Mirage is worth every penny.
The loungers are SUPER comfy, the service at the pool is  amazing - food, drinks.
Yummy much needed water in iced carafes for you all day long.
Plus the VIP waiters bring you free fruit samples, sorbet, cherry lemonade.
Plus since you pay to sit at this pool you can come and go as you please (you don't even have to use a magazine to "save" your chair" its yours for the day.
I love this pool and will do this again next time I come to Vegas!

It's a beautiful oasis where you can freeze time, take a sip from the frozen drink in your hand, and just relax.
It's great to take a quick dip or just sit and put your feet in the water before laying on a lounge chair to get some sun.
The paradise cafe steps away has delicious burgers, friendly staff, and a perfect view of the pool and palm trees.
You forget you're in the middle of Vegas while lying on a chaise lounge in the shade (around 10am).
My friends and I visited the pool twice during our stay.
The first time we just wandered around, took some pics, and ate at the Cafe.
During the second time we had merely half an hour to enjoy the water (I just put my feet in, they swam) and used the remainder of the hour relaxing in the shade with the waterfalls, palm trees, and Caesar's Palace as our backdrop.
We seriously didn't want to go back to work the following day.
I couldn't help but post a photo of our exclusive oasis online that Monday morning.
Stop by in the morning to avoid the crowd and get some peace of mind.

If it's not pool weather in Las Vegas while I'm visiting...I'm a sad panda.
I don't gamble much so I really embrace my pool time while visiting.
Of course the weather when I visited last week was in the high 80s/90s and had to drop to the 70s while I was visiting, though it was better than Chicago so time to embrace the pool weather!
I wouldn't go to the pool when it's 70 here in Chicago but 70 has a different feel in LV.
Pool Day 1 - 70/71 degrees...chilly wind but when the wind wasn't blowing, it was just perfect because it CAN get too hot here, hot when you don't even want to leave the pool.
I've visited in July & August so I know what that's like.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky so this was pretty close to perfect!
We arrived late morning/early afternoon and told that the bar wasn't open due to the wind, but we could bring in drinks from the Mirage.
Later on we just ordered from our waitress but that was a nice option.
The waterfall wasn't on either...due to the wind.
It was still a great day - not at all crowded where you had to get down first thing to save yourself a chair.
The size of the pool is just great (way better than the size at Treasure Island).
It's about 3 1/2 feet throughout.
Pool Day 2 - mid to high 70s though overcast for a while but still a great pool day!
The waterfall was on this time and just great atmosphere here.
The drinks are a bit steep in price - almost $20 for a large beer, $14 for a strawberry daquiri but you're on vacation so just go with it...

Good pool to hang out in, the waterfall is really refreshing.
Not enough chairs though so it can be hard to find a spot.
People start getting to the pool around 8am and some people go to save chairs which is a bummer.
They have a sign posted that if you leave your chair for over an hour then they can move your stuff to open up chairs so if you know someone hasn't been there just move the towels and take a seat.

