As a beginner, all I can do is review the service and general look of the store.
Everyone is friendly and helpful, and the store is wide open with lots of space and very well organized.
The selection looks quite broad from my inexperienced view.
The shooting area is bright and open, with all the things you need for comfortable and safe archery.
We're taking one of their family classes and like it so far.
Would recommend it for any beginner, and it seems like experienced archers should check it out too.

Largest indoor archery range in AZ.
Top product - Hoyt and Mathews with helpful and friendly staff.
Separate area for adult and junior archers.

This place is awesome!
The staff is very friendly and I spoke with Kenny and Tony about how they started their business.
Very friendly guys!
They have a huge indoor shooting range and give classes or just some expert advice while you're shopping.
Thanks for your help guys!

Awesome place.
My wife and I go there often and we are having a lot of fun.
The bow techs know their stuff and helped me out a lot.
Great job.
Keep up the work!

This is a great shop.
I took lessons with Todd Hulm here and I tell you what it only took a few weeks and I was shooting lights out.
I really appreciate his help with me being a beginner.
I am going to send my kids to take j.o.a.d lessons from him too.

I went just to shoot a few arrows.
First they gave me a bow I never used and they gave me a mix of arrows.
One  almost stabbed through my hand cause it was made for a recurve bow not compound..
The instructor was somewhat forceful very touchy.
I really just wanted to be left alone.
What a waste of money.
They changed my bows like 6 times finally after the  last time I was pissed and just left.
I shot at Archery Headquarters and they were awesome.
This place sucks not worth the $30 bucks!!
Plus they won't refund my money.

This is a nice archery shop.
The shop area is nice; the selection isn't big, but they do carry name brand bows.
The air conditioned indoor range is fairly nice and a good way to escape from the heat.
The targets go out to 45 yards.
Staff is pretty knowledgeable and helpful.
The price is pretty good if you go 1-2 times a week - $300 for a year which amounts to around $6 per week.
If you go once, its like $10, which is a little steep, but you're basically paying for shooting in the comfort of air conditioning.
However, there are two reasons why I give this place three stars:  1.
Inconvenient hours.
If you work during the day, you have limited opportunities to shoot.
There is a 3-D shoot in Wednesday night, a JOAD practice on Thursday nights, and the range closes at 6 on Friday, so you basically have fours days per week to shoot if you get home late.
There website also isn't very good at informing of these events.
I was turned away from this place twice because 1) I didn't know about the Wednesday night 3-D shoot, and 2) a discrepancy between the hours posted on the website and what is posted on the front door.
2) The shoot area can get congested.
They don't allow bowcases in the range, which is understandable because space is pretty congested.
This means that if you shoot a recurve, you have to set up outside.
Compunds are okay though.
Also, they charge $1 for a target face.
Overall, a nice place to shoot, despite the shortcomings.

