It's very clean & organized.
Funny that I haven't seen as my many employees walking the floor as I usually would at other Wal-mart stores.

It's Wal-Mart.
You know they place where you get vegetable oil, batteries, condoms, a slip and slide, and fresh Bananas with no one batting an eye.
You may love it, you may hate it, this location is no different.
Generally friendly staff and decently clean.

So glad to have a Wal-Mart on our side of Surprise.
Very clean, well organized.
Decent selection.
Produce is my LEAST favorite part of the store.
Produce has limited selection, needs improvement on quality.
Have actually found fruit with mold on it....  Deli is pretty good, decent selection.....bakery is pretty good.
Has Average McDonald's inside (we don't care much for McDonald's,  but this one is ok, usually busy).
Biggest complaint (beside produce) is not Wal-Mart's fault, dang shopping carts everywhere in parking lot.....customers got something new and not taking care of it.....**deep sigh**  Come on people, neighborhood pride!
Keep our stores clean!
PROS:  Conveniently located off 303 and Waddell, it's new and clean.
CONS: Produce is terrible; shopping carts are everywhere!

Recently opened in the Spring of 2012,  love the lay out and still clean and still has the best prices , would have gotten 5 stars if they had better customer service!

"New" Wal Mart  Clean and not a freak show like "Old"

Wow I'm so impressed by the Walmart in surprise.
Right off of the freeway makes it super convenient.
Lots of parking at this location and by far the biggest Walmart I've been too!!
It's bigger than costco :) My favorite part of the store would have to be the pharmacy!
The pharmacy is fast and efficient.
Not to mention the pharmacist is good looking!
Will defiantly be back :)

There's somewhat of an expectation when you visit a Walmart - they will more than likely have what you're looking for in some form or fashion.
Not this Walmart!
This Walmart is 5-mins from my house, versus 15 mins to the Bell Walmart.
Unless I want a pen or bread or a pack of gum, I can rest assured they will NOT have what I'm looking for - not even a version of what I'm looking for.
I understand, it's a small Walmart, but damn!
I gave it 2 stars because it's clean and organized - inside and out.. And the employees are nice.
But as far as selection, you're best to go to Bell.

Much nicer than the one on bell rd in surprise.
A lot less people, prices are still pretty high for walmart, if you are not getting much, go to the fry's on cotton and greenway

Surprise!
Its a clean walmart that isnt a trashheap!
I didnt even see anyone missing from peopleofwalmart.com, yeah I was disappointed... seriously I was hoping for some old dude with implants or some super bbw with a thong... ohhhh well I am soooo disappointed.
Well my friends and I dropped in here to get some tailgating supplies for a USC at ASU game and we were able to stock up on a few items.
Namely, water, ice tea, coolers, fruit, ice, chips, snacks, etc...
Pro Tip: This was not as bad a walmart as I am used to.
They had the mandatory big m supper club inside which my friends had breakfast at, thank heavens that they had a market area so I could get something a weee bit more healthy and tasty than that breakfast mcmuffin crap.
The produce and fruits looked pretty nice overall as did the whole market area, granted it was almost all prepackaged grub, but still that is a pretty big step up comparatively speaking to most walmarts.
Heavens to mergatroid, they even had friendly service that wasnt jaded to the point of utter nonchalance and avoidance of all customers questions and used enough logic to not make stupid inane remarks!
Talk about a giant surprise.
Overall I actually would go back again, but i wouldnt be all that happy about it.
Interesting place, and I am still disappointed about no one I could shoot and upload to peopleofwalmart.com =\

Good overall selection, clean and lacking scary people, gangsters, and herds of people that don't know how to share an isle - a HUGE PLUS!
Just 5 min from our house.
We're here pretty often.
Not the largest store and if I need more selection I have to go 15min to the one on Bell and Grand where the above mentioned benefits don't apply!

Nice Location off the 303 love that I can just jump off the freeway and pick up a few things that I need on the way home.
For some reason I have noticed  the cashiers seem happy here.
Maybe its management maybe its location.
I have never been here on the weekend so I do not know how packed it gets here.
Wal-Mart is Wal-Mart.
though.
Maybe I have just been lucky and came on perfect days when people decide to stay home or fill another Wal-Mart.
Thumbs up so far at this location!

I just wanted to let everyone know and be informed about a current associate that is works at this particular Walmart.
His name is ( RANDY ), he has long dirty blonde hair.
I have seen this young man outside of this store before and he is a drug user and under no circumstance should be hired at Walmart.
Outside of work I have witnessed him smoking marihuana getting high and have overheard him and his so call friends talking about illegal drugs in front of my children.
I understand kids want to have fun but come on how is this allowed?

I am not big on these big box stores!
Nothing personal, I understand if you don't like them then don't buy anything from them.
Yes, stores like Walmart have lower prices.
Tell you the truth.
If I shop at Walmart or Target, it has nothing to do with the price.
Anyway lets get this review going.
I just purchased two car booster seats for our foster kids.
I was having a hard time to deciding with purchasing a Graco or Evenflo?
I was really impressed how everything is labeled, and easy to find.
It also made it easier for me that they had samples on display, it allowed me to see which padding was softer.
Basically it all came down to Evenflo, they are made in the USA.
Walmart will always be customer oriented, that's their job.
But I also believe these stores need to take care of their employees.
I have no problem if they need to raise prices if it benefits them!
Over all I had a good visit, got what I needed.

Will never go to Walmart again.
It is frustrating the false advertisement about doing 'price match' .
Wanted to do the price match on orange juice...did not have it..on pasta..did not have it..on hot dogs...did not have...cereal...did not have it.
All of this just in the same visit.
Has happen every week for long time now.
I am fed up with this.
BYE BYE WALMART!
Going back to Fry's

Great stuff at a great price.
The customer service is hit and miss.
Some of the people that work here really try and some are the most worthless humans on the planet!
Wish there was a way to cull the herd!

