Best pizza in the area for delivery, deep dish is very good.
Wings are meh.
Fettucini Alfredo is pretty good also.
I haven't eaten in the dining room but whenever I have stopped by to pick up my order it is always full.

We placed a take out order for 2 Chicken Parmigiana dinners and a Greek salad.
The Chicken Parmigiana barely contained any chicken which was sliced.
It looked more like we ordered pasta with marinara where they accidentally dropped a couple pieces of chicken in it.
It was totally not worth the money.
The chicken had a wang to it and we suspected it was the breading.
Sure if you want a big bowl of Penne pasta with Marinara and mozzarella cheese then definitely order this dish.
Don't expect to have any chicken with your Chicken Parm dinner.
The greek salad was some lettuce out of a bag.
They added a few olives, cucumbers and gorgonzola cheese with dressing on the side.
All and all we should have picked up a couple Swanson dinners with a bag of lettuce at Walmart and we would have had the same dinner or better.

This food is absouletly disgusting, My son and I ordered one of their 16 inch Sunday communion waffer board tasting pizzas,One order of 12 blubbery under cooked chicken wings,two fountain drinks,and to finish our fine dining experience,we recieved the case of the sh@#$ts all night long,and only for the ridiculous cost of 38.50 with tip,These places need to shut the doors immediately.
Garbage subterranean slop.Not even close to traditional italian pie.

Rosati's San Tan Valley is a Great Family place to eat.
Our Waitress Sue is genuinely attentive to her customers needs.
And the Italian beef sandwich is by far the best in Arizona,  even better than Portillios.
I will call this place my home away from home from now on.

Ordered a sandwich and pasta tonight for my kids and I.
The meatballs were half burnt.
The sandwich had nothing right about it.
Jalapeños wee supposed to be on the side and they put them on the sandwich.
We called and the manager had no comment,  even though we had the online transaction as proof!
Don't order from this place... Let them fail.
Bad service and follow up.
They take no ownership.
Manger s name is Aaron.
Horrible experience.
Son almost broke his tooth I the meatball!!!

