Ryan D. in the Service department was awesome!
Very friendly, honest and seemed to know his stuff.
Thanks for keeping me on the road Ryan.

As a lady who has leased a significant number of cars...there are few sales consultants as focused and in tuned as Joanna Trzcinka.
Looking to buy/lease or experience a new car sum-in sum-in....work with Joanna.
She will focus on your needs over the agencies.
Highly recommend Joanna Trzcinka, Sales Consultant at Park Place Infiniti.

Excellent sales and service experience!

Although I did not end up purchasing my car from Infiniti, I found it to be a top-quality dealership with top-quality staff.
I worked with John Landin on a pre-owned vehicle and although I expected lesser treatment as a pre-owned buyer at a primarily luxury vehicle dealership, John pleasantly surprised me with his patience, respect, and communication.
Generally a great guy to work with.
The only reason I didn't purchase  was because I couldn't get a CPO warranty on the car I was interested in (It was a Nissan), but it was certainly not the fault of the dealership or John.
It was in top condition and it was tough not to do business with Park Place.
If I was ever interested in getting an as-is pre-owned vehicle or any new/used luxury vehicle I would most definitely go through Park Place.

This dealership is excellent.
Everything went really well, and I got the car I wanted.
I have been there once for service, also top notch.
The only down side was I was offered a "Dent and Ding" insurance policy.
This policy will cover fixing all dents and dings in the car.
I should have read the fine print!
After driving cross country and back, I had a couple of dings from car doors and rocks.
When I called, the insurance only covers popping the dent out with a machine, not the paint damage.
Fixing the paint was my problem.
Quotes ranged from $525 to $600 to fix the paint where the one dings is on the left side of the car.
The dent and ding insurance is worthless.

Fantastic dealership!!
Two words that are rarely used together.
Helped us instantly, not pushy.
Very informative.
Simeon knew everything about the car we were looking at.
Made us comfortable and stayed late knowing we weren't buying a car that night.
Hopefully we will be back soon to take an Infiniti home.

Love these guys, they're always friendly, helpful and prompt.

Recently leased a 2013 G37 from Park Place Infiniti .
I must say that this was the best experience I have had when it comes to getting a new vehicle.
Ralph was amazing and not pushy at all .
even called me a few days later after his day off to check on me and to see how things were going with the car.
I highly recommend this dealership for your next purchase or lease!!!!!!

*This review is for the Infiniti Collision Repair Center* (Located right in back of the dealership)  Long story short, an old lady rear ended my car a few weeks back.
Her insurance had to take care of the repairs because it was her fault.
I own a Toyota, so I had asked Allstate if Desert Toyota could do the work.
They told me it was possible, but because they weren't affiliated with them, approvals and repairs would end up taking a little longer.
At the end, I just decided to go with their recommended body shop, which was here at Park Place Infiniti.
I gotta admit, I was skeptical at first.
I mean, I have a Toyota, so why would it get repaired by Infiniti?
Chris helped me when I got there and was very nice.
I felt kind of bad for him because he is the only one running the front office area and he was busy.
I gave him the paperwork that Allstate gave me, he inspected my car, then told me that they would order a new rear bumper right away.
I dropped my car off 3 days later, when the bumper came in.
He quoted me that the repair would be finished in 3 business days.
It actually took only 2 days, which was awesome.
This was probably a simple fix for them, but I thought they did a good job anyway.
The bumper was installed correctly and the paint job looked good.
Also, they washed and cleaned the inside of my car!
Thanks guys, for the super clean carpets!
Right before I left, Chris told me that Allstate may call me and ask about the service I received from them.
He said that if there was any reason that I wasn't satisfied, to decline the survey and let him know because he and his team want to know how they can improve.
But, I told him that he didn't have to worry about that!
Great customer service and fast repair time.
Definitely recommended!

Wow!
What a turnaround from Towbin Infiniti....a turnaround I welcome with open arms.
Honestly, after buying my Infiniti from Towbin in January of 2010 and having such a piss poor experience, I was reluctant to even give Park Place a shot.
That's until I met the owner Steve, surprisingly outside of Park Place and told him about my horrible experience.
His southern drawl drew me in and I was instantly consumed by his Southern charm.
He assured me he did a swift turnabout and invited me in to see the changes.
Accordingly to him, a lot of the previous employees left or got fired.
That was music to my ears.
A few weeks later I need a part for my car and an oil change.
The parts department was fantastic.
I wasn't sure exactly what I needed (I had a cigarette lighter out) and the tech went out to my car, I showed him what was wrong and he got me everything I needed to get it working again.
Likewise, the service team was amazing.
I was able to use a coupon that was emailed to me (if you have an Infiniti get on their newsletters!
) and they completed it while I waited.
Park Place has a comfy waiting area with fluffy couches, a TV, a computer with internet access, complimentary bottled water, coffee and pastries.
Once my car was done I hopped in it and realized the service crew had washed my car for me.
Nice touch!
Whether you're buying a car, you need parts or you are having your car serviced you will receive superb customer service the entire way.
When I am thinking of getting one of the newer M35's I will definitely be heading down to Park Place Infiniti.

Park Place is Great!!
I love my new G37 :-) The staff was very friendly, our sales guy Siemon went above and beyond to meet my needs!!
No stress like most other dealerships....
Highly recommended!!
Thanks, Kristine

Park place Infiniti is the best dealership to go to!!!
As a first time buyer it was impossible to purchase a car here in Vegas...
I was denied from over 10 dealerships...
Going to Infiniti was the best  choice I have made!
They were able to get me Into a Infiniti g37x (great ride, clean, new, great performance, luxurious) $37k after (6down, taxes, ext...)...
I love my new car!!!
the sales men Ralph and Micheal are amazing along with the Manager that got me approved for a loan and got me into an amazing car...
Thank you to amazing, professional, friendly team at Park Place Infiniti...
Highly recommend everyone to go...

I purchased my G37s coupe a little over a year ago during a lease special they were running, I wanted a MT and they didnt have any but had no problem locating and getting the color combo I wanted.
I must say I have bought A LOT of cars over the years and most being luxury brands but this dealership stands out in my mind.
From the test drive to the continuing service experience everything has been fantastic.
To me buying a car is a small part of the experience and service is the continuing and lasting image you hold of a dealership and I must say it has been an 11 out of 10!
Jeremy is my go to guy when it comes to service and he always makes it a exceptional experience, and I feel lucky to find a sales team and service department that cares this much about me, my car, and my future purchases.
Dont hesitate to purchase, lease, or get your car serviced here!

Props to the body shop.
The dealership seems friendly enough, but our concerns were with the repair of our vehicle.
What do you do when a Hummer backs into you while at a stop sign?
Why you have their insurance pay for repairs is what you do!
And I can say with certainty that the whole process was hassle-free.
Everything was handled quickly and efficiently.
And using the correct factory parts of course.
(Well, they did forget to adjust the headlights.
But that was taken care of in due time.
Didn't even realize it until the time change.
)  So if this kind of fender bender were to happen again, I wouldn't hesitate to bring our car to this facility for repairs.
But I'm hoping it won't.
TIP: stay away from Hummers and Hummer drivers.
They tend to be four foot tall blonde gals who can't see over the steering wheel.
I believe there is irony in there somewhere!
P.S.
I may just use them to purchase a vehicle in the future.
So I hope mgmt.
is reading this.

We drove to Vegas for vacation and we needed an oil change so we stopped by for a quickie.
It was super easy to book an appointment over the phone.
They were able to pull up our info on their system.
It took about 1 hour to get the oil change done.
We were given a complimentary loaner car while work was being done on ours.
When our car was ready we got a call.
This didn't put a damper on our vacation at all.
Quite an easy process.
They have delicious coffee drinks and freshly backed cookies in the lounge area.
Yum!

This is about the service shop.
First off we made a appointment to have a recalled item fixed.
We were told we would have a loaner.
When we got there our service tech was very nice and we really liked him.
We were told all the loaners were gone and the girl who made our reservation listed us as a wait.
We got a little upset when 2 people came in after us and we watched them drive away in a loaner.
We did end up getting one after about 30 min.
When we returned to pick up the car we were bombarded with about 3000+ in necessary repairs, everything from leaks to bad belts to cracks in the engine cover.
We were very shocked as the car drives perfectly, never leaves drips in the garage and doesn't make any noises.
After he went over all the issues he proceeded to tell us M35's (2006 with 85000 miles) are so high in demand we could trade it in and they wouldn't penalize us for the thousands of dollars of 'necessary' repairs.
We went to get a second opinion at a auto repair shop that specializes in Infiniti's, AAA Rated, warranties their work, been around since 1976 and had amazing reviews on yelp and yp.com.
We paid them the $100 fee to check out the car.
We didn't tell them anything the Infiniti dealer said because we wanted a unbiased job.
After a full inspection we were told all belts were good, there were no leaks, no cracks, and the car was in excellent condition.
We then told them about what Park Place told us and after laughing they said most of their employees came from dealerships and my story was not unique.
Shame on this dealership for trying to take advantage of us.
Not only will we NEVER return for service, we will never consider even purchasing a new Infiniti from there (which we plan on doing in 2014).

Buyer be aware.
Test drove several vehicles.
Found one that would fit my needs.
The auto had a clean car fax report, was certified by the dealership, and had one not so obvious defect.
The Sales person and GM said the defect was easily fixed.
It was not fixable.
This ended the deal.
Recommend that any pre-owned vehicle considered for purchase be seen by your own mechanic.
The finance person was all smiles until we declined an extended warranty on the auto with the "fixable" defect.
The loan through this dealer was 1% higher than the other dealership where we finally purchased a vehicle.
So, check with your bank or credit union before negotiating a loan.
Their web site is easy to navigate but not always accurate.
One car which has been sold has been on the site for over three weeks.
Earlier in my search, I contacted the sales staff to set up an appointment to test drive this car.
When I arrived I was shown a different car.
The car fax report would not open on the site for this auto; perhaps that was a clue as to the true status of the vehicle.
Latter I was told that the car I requested had sold and that their internet staff was over extended and unable to update the site at times.
Oddly enough, other vehicles are posted and removed in a timely manner.
Ultimately we went to another Infiniti dealership for far better treatment.
At this dealership, the final price was agreed and no additional fees were added.
The financial officer was kind and did not try to bully us or imply that we were stupid for not buying an extended warranty.
The finance department was able to offer the same loan rate as our credit union.
Overall the experience was less stressful and more straight forward than that experienced at Park Place Infiniti.

The clutch on my 2012 G37S stopped working on my way to Vegas from LA!
Apparently the slave cylinder went bad and needed to be replaced.
Infiniti roadside assistance towed my vehicle to Park Place and I dropped off my vehicle for the early bird service since the dealership was already closed.
The receptionist Crystal, and Service writer Jeff, provided above and beyond service in making sure I was taken care of.
They even sent out a porter to pick me up from my hotel when my car was all fixed up.
Nothing came out of my pocket because everything was still covered under warranty.
Very happy!

Came in to inquire about a car and I started getting help from cowboy (nickname, forgot his name).
Overall,  cowboy was not very helpful.
He tried to lie to me about the difference of the g25 and g37 saying they were pretty much the same like I didn't read up on it!
( welcome to the age of google cowboy ).
I didn't let it bother me that much, but then he transferred me over to another guy after the negotiations because apparently he had another client scheduled and was there!
Wtf!
So I'm like okay w/e ill just finish this....
But the new guy Don ( which was helpful, I felt bad though cuz I would of went with him from the start) pretty much had to re do all the paperwork !
Worst experience ever!
Cowboy should have either finished the whole transaction or transfer it over to Don from the start!
Oh,  I also got a free tint for the inconvenience but had to re do the tint cuz there were to many air bubbles.
Yes.
This is a luxury dealership (Wtf?!?
)  Sucks this is the only Infiniti in town   Should of went back to Acura since they had amazing service.
Heck I had a better experience at planet nissan!

Took weeks to get my car after I purchased it when they told me it would only be one week.

Thanks Park Place for helping me make up my mind.
I have been researching Infiniti cars for a bit because I am going to lease a company car and I liked the idea of the Infiniti brand.
Not like Lexus or the German brand, but understated quality for sure!
I have called to this place and finally decided to come by tonight at 7:30 pm just to ask a few questions and see the cars in person.
I was there with the family for about 10-15 minutes in the show room and outside and no one spoke to me or greeted me.
I passed 6 sales guys and none of them even acknowledged me.
I think it was my fault for coming 30 minutes before they close, wearing shorts and tee shirt and without an appointment.
However in the end, I am deciding to not buy my car here because frankly, I want to work with a store that will support me .
Thanks Park Place for ignoring me.
Yep, my fault, but hey, it is what it is....

I am from LA area and my car broke down 98 miles from vegas and thanx to the elite warranty, my car got towed to Park place Infiniti.
Here is where they failed.
My car is heavily modded (customize work) and my after market part broke on me.
The oil cooler lines is where it was leaking oil and also they told me the rear timing seal is leaking.
Because my car is the way it is, the manager ordered the tech not to touch my car.
How can you do that to a costumer leaving them high and dry?
They voided my warranty and just gave me the boot.
i argued with them on how to fix it but they would not listen.
I called my dealership and another company that sold the part to me and they will still honor my warranty.
All they want is my car to get there.
I am shock that Infiniti would turn there back on a costumer leaving them a broken car.
I don't care about the warranty or what it would cost to get my car running again.
Just fix the problem.
I am a very loyal costumer to Infiniti and also own a M37.
For park place Infiniti to do this is very unprofessional.

Took my car there to get serviced there and they told me i was leaking oil.
Decided i didn't want to get fixed right away and went to another dealership to get it check when i did my oil change and they said i was not leaking oil.
They have no knowledge on these cars.
They didn't even clean the area where it was leaking to see if it was the source.
My car was not leaking oil.
These technician need to go back to training or learn to do the job right.
I was worried that my car was leaking oil and it really wasn't.

I purchased Infinity QX 60 2014 from Park Place.
My sales person Michael was just great.
Communication was great.
Prior to purchase we exchanged three or four calls and he knew what I needed.
Still they didn't have model I wanted but I have settled for much similar.
Negotiation was a brisk.
I named the price from the internet site and they meet it.
I would like to mention General Manager Joe.
Great guy with a lot of experience.
This is a third Infinity I'm buying.
Hopefully my experience with this car will be as great as experience that I have had with the last two.

