OK Yelpers.
This place offers PIZZA by the Slice.
This is a BIG plus for me.
Especially since I'm so busy at work.
The Pizza has good flavor.
If that's not what you're in the mood for, check out the other items on the Menu.
I'm sure you'll find something you like.
Enjoy.
Oh but wait there's more.
They have an ALL YOU CAN EAT menu (Anytime) & a Lunch Special, 2 Slices for 5.99 comes with a drink.
They have my VOTE!

This is the partner of Rocco's Pizza- which we have always enjoyed in Summerlin.
Aurelio's used to be here and I am GLAD it is gone!
The whole inside has been re-done and it is lighter, brighter and above all- CLEAN (something sorely lacking at Aurelios)!
We were greeted promptly, and our server with the golden voice (literally he has a radio voice!
) apologized that he wasn't able to serve alcohol yet, but there was soda (even though some of the machine wasn't working) and the alcohol license was in the process of being approved.
We ate in and ordered the Monday night special- a 16" cheese pizza for $8.99 and added some toppings on one half, and a house salad with their home made Italian dressing.
Our salad came first- typical house salad with iceberg, carrots, a few cucumbers tomatoes and some rather thick cut red onion (thinner might have been better-it was a strong onion!).
Their house dressing was good, but not amazing (at least it was home made!
)  Pizza was great!
Loved the thin crust and the toppings were quality.
Not too much cheese, great sauce and plenty to take home!
It tasted very much like what we had at Rocco's.
Service was attentive and we were informed of some other interesting menu items we might like to try on our next visit.
Water (or other beverages) were kept filled, but no one hovered.
Half way through our waiter informed us that he was also out of the home made canollis....but he also hoped to get those in this location soon.
I asked him if he had the zeppolis like Rocco's and he did produce some!
They were not fresh...when they are - they are divine, but points for trying and not charging.
Whilst eating, another table sat next to us- an older lady and son/caretaker.
She asked for coffee (they don't have that yet), then tried ordering no less than 5 items that they didn't have (yet)!
She was very frustrated....and I have to agree!
It was explained to her that they use the same menu as their other store- so there are many items they don't have yet at this location.
I think I would have preferred a paper menu that was accurate to what WAS available....not promises as to what was to come.
At some point bring the full menu of the other location in- but it really is frustrating to order (or want to order) things they do not have.
Even at 8 days young (which we all were reminded of several times) the menu can be set.
Everyone understands kinks at a new place.....but that many missing items a week in will ensure people will not return or the place opened too early.
This being a multiple location establishment, it isn't THAT hard to open it with a mostly full menu available- at least food wise.
Other than that minor irritation, we will definitely return!
To have a full meal, with leftovers for $20 (with a good tip) was amazing!
I welcome them to our neighborhood and hope they get the alcohol and dessert soon!

5 stars across the board!
This place is AMAZING!
The staff is very friendly, the decor is very sporty NY sports.
The menu was full and had SO many choices.
The staff was beyond great, worked well as a team and made sure everyone's cups where filled, food was great.
We got garlic knots on the house, so good!
The cheese pizza was great, crispy and a nice crunchy crust.
The meat lovers and hawaiian wasn't as crispy but it was weighed down from toppings.
They only used the best toppings, you can taste the quality.
The desserts looked fantastic, I wish I had more room to try them!
The kids meal was awesome, my son was beyond excited for a pizza slice bigger than his head!
So we got 2 slices of pizza, a drink, a kids meal, a hot pastrami and a slice of pizza for less than 25$   We'll never go back to eating papa johns, dominos or pizza hut again!
Return factor?
YOU BET!

5 stars across the board!
This place is AMAZING!
The staff is very friendly, the decor is very sporty NY sports.
The menu was full and had SO many choices.
The staff was beyond great, worked well as a team and made sure everyone's cups where filled, food was great.
We got garlic knots on the house, so good!
The cheese pizza was great, crispy and a nice crunchy crust.
The meat lovers and hawaiian wasn't as crispy but it was weighed down from toppings.
They only used the best toppings, you can taste the quality.
The desserts looked fantastic, I wish I had more room to try them!
The kids meal was awesome, my son was beyond excited for a pizza slice bigger than his head!
So we got 2 slices of pizza, a drink, a kids meal, a hot pastrami and a slice of pizza for less than 25$   We'll never go back to eating papa johns, dominos or pizza hut again!
** I wouldn't come here in a LARGE group, it's a small dining area.
Return factor?
YOU BET!

I'm not sure if the "all you can eat pizza is good" however, if you order you own large/medium pizza I believe you wont be disappointing.
I would definitely recommend the place.

I'm quite torn on dishing out stars for this place.
Soooo, if you dine in they have a fantastic special  - for $7.99 you get ayce salad, garlic knots, pasta, & pizza.
They have 2 different guys that work here that are awesome servers, otherwise the rest of the staff is confused and annoying.
There is a female server who is 100% confused and down right annoying because she consistently got every order wrong that we tried to give her, forgot to put the order in, and frequently  interrupted our conversation to clarify her misunderstandings.
On top of that she talked really loud, almost as if she was yelling at us.
I tried to order delivery pizza and the guy on the phone couldn't figure out how to a) give me a the proper link to the menu or b) email a copy of the menu to me.
He then decided the best route was to have the delivery guy bring a copy to me, which ultimately took forever as he recorded the address wrong.
I was informed that the person I spoke with on the phone was the manager.
When I finally got to place a pizza order an hour later, I requested and paid extra for prosciutto.
When the pizza arrived it was adorned with common ham.
I wanna give this place more love, but if I can't dine in and sit in one of the 2 good servers' sections, then I would rather eat somewhere else.

FINALLY!
A decent and reasonably priced pizza place close to home!
I had high hopes for Sabatino's once I heard that is was associated with Rocco's NY pizza - who my friends loved.
Staff was excellent!
Super friendly and even offered us free oven-fresh zeppolis the minute we sat down.
Fried dough covered in confectioners sugar this early in the day?
Why not?
Warm and fresh!
Sabatino's has a ton of great lunch specials - including build-your-own stromboli and calzones - but we were here for the pizza.
I ordered a slice of cheese pizza with a side salad which ran about 5.00 I think.
The slices are huge - with a crust perfect for bending in half and imagining you're eating at the counter of a shot-gun pizzeria in the Bowery.
I liked the crust here more then Dom DeMarco's - thin, but with the perfect amount of toothiness.
No cracker-like crust here!
The salad was pretty much what I expected, the standard American iceberg salad fare with chopped carrots, red onion and a basic Italian dressing.
Not fancy or elevated, but I wasn't particularly expecting that.
I can't say enough about the staff, really.
The gentleman, whom I assume was a manager or owner, was super attentive and immediately made us feel at home.
This is the kind of neighborhood place that could easily become a regular stop.

I was so happy to see this place open after Aurelio's closed!
The staff was warm and welcoming and treated us like family.
They brought out garlic knots for us to try and they were amazing!
Pizza is very good.
Also had it delivered the second time and wait time was 45 minutes (normal for pizza on a Friday night) and arrived hot and fresh.
We've brought 6 other people here and will continue to recommend.

Im not sure how Im going to rate this place yet.
The pizza is a thin crust NY style pizza sauce was kind of weak, no unique or outstanding flavor (good or bad) price wasnt bad but for the price you do get a whole lot of food.
We ordered the monster and at other restaurants they normally fill the pie up so you much you cant see nothing else.
Here the toppings barely filled up the 2nd largest pie they make.
The grease on the pizza wasnt overly excessive but I did have to ask for extra napkins to soak it up on the two slices I consumed.
This was telling me they were using low quality toppings.
The garlic knots were very tasty and the tomato sauce they served with them was bland as well but you could taste the tomato so congratulations I guess?
The wait staff was very patient with this being our first time and their menu being a cluttered mess of Italian food Im sure they are used to a million questions before a party is ready to order.
I spent a few minutes trying to determine if this was a pizzeria or an Italian pasta restaurant?
The wait staff kept or drinks full and checked on us throughout our meal without being obnoxious about it.
(I did have to explain what Canadian Bacon was though and that just seemed like something they should automatically know)  The Angel Hair Pasta wasn't real Angel Hair(full size pasta isn't Angel hair) and the sauce was similar to the pizza and was so weak my GF asked for Tabasco to add flavor to it.
The decor is cool sports memorabilia and I was able to glance at a football game from my seat so it seemed like a cool place to grab a slice (they sell it by the slice) and watch a few mins of a game.
The TVs arent at the best angles for all the seats so make sure you get their early to ensure you are able to get a good view of the game.
Its not a bad place to eat but I cant give it top marks and three stars is slightly too many.

I only had the pizza delivery, so I have no idea what the place looks like, but that pizza sure hit the spot.
I had a difficult time finding any sort of menu to order from.
After an internet search that didn't yield a website (who doesn't have a website for their restaurant?
), I finally called.
Not much luck there, as the best she could offer was to go to Rocco's Facebook page, but even after I wasted time there I couldn't find it.
I gave up and just ordered a basic pepperoni pizza.
Delivery was on time and friendly and the pizza was exactly the kind of New York-style that gave me flashbacks to my starving-NY-college-student days.
It wasn't anything gourmet, but I will definitely order again when that particular craving comes my way.

I have tried several "NY" pizza places here in Vegas and this place is the most authentic compared to pizza you get in NYC.
The pizza slices are fresh, saucy, and so huge you have to fold it to eat it...just like I like.
I'm not sure if they deliver to my home but the service alone makes it a pleasant experience to dine in.
The staff goes out of their way and always reminds you of their specials.
The place is big and very clean and I can always catch a game while I'm here.
Other menu options such as the wings and garlic knots are great too.
Id like to try more but the cheese pizza is my fav.
My son and I have been here 3 times and have no complaints.
This is our new spot.

pizza is good .. i dont order the all you can eat special becuase they nuke the slices and there not great but order a regular pie and its decent... bread knots are NEVER cooked enough they are almost white / raw.. take some time and cook things right or people wont come back.. needless to say ill go again i would rather support the small places then the big overpriced places..

Ex-NYer here.
Pizza was fantastic!
I ordered 2 pies and one that came was not what I ordered.
Called back and spoke to Chris, who took care of it, no problem.
Had new pie pretty quick.
Great customer service and pizza.

Great place to eat with great employees.
My girlfriend and I go a couple times a week.
Great food with great deals.
I try to stop in at least once a week for lunch after work for the 2 slice and drink special and then my gal and I will go in at least one night a week for dinner.
The all you can eat special is the thing to get.
Starts with a salad and garlic knots, a plate of pasta(your choice on type) and a slice of pizza and all of the above are all you can eat.
CAN'T BEAT IT!

Garlic.
Knots.
It's place is lovely, just lovely.
I know my boyfriend was not very happy because he loved the place that was here before.
We actually went to Gyro Time, but they apparently close on Sundays.
So we waltzed over here and we were both pleasantly surprised.
We were greeted as soon as we walked in - always a plus.
Our waitress was very nice and very helpful with everything.
She checked on us frequently and made sure we were always satisfied.
We had the All You Can Eat.
$7.99 gets you - Garlic knots - best I've had in town (I'm 100lbs and I ate 4 out of 6) Salad Pasta of your choice Pizza  That is a helluva lot of food for $8.
I wasn't a fan of the additional topping of sausage I asked for on my pizza.
I usually like spicier sausage and ground up and their marinara seems to need just a little more flavor to it..
But that's a personal preference.
People seem to forget these things when writing reviews.
Everything is personal preference.
The sauce on the pizza was good, not very thick but still tasty.
The crust was very good, same as most of the NY style you get around here.
Hands down, this is a wonderful place to eat.
There is a huge menu and everything is priced very reasonably.
The place is nice, clean, they have TV's up for sports and they offer very good food.
Try it out and help a local business owner!

Easy 5 star...here's why :  The pizza is awesome.
These are huge NY style slices...definitely need to be folded.
Crust is thin and yummy...toppings and sauce are good.
I am a HUGE pizza fan, of all shapes and sizes, and my entire life I've been a pepperoni lover...fan...connoisseur.
But after a visit from Sabatino's, my life has changed LOL.
You gotta do their sausage topping.
It is amazing!
It is slightly sweet, full of spices and flavor.
This blew away their pep topping, and made the slices.
OMG great!
See if you agree!
The other reason why this place is an easy 5 star spot....the prices are stupid cheap.
I felt like I was robbing this place.
$7.99 for an AYCE cheese pizza, garlic knots, pasta, and salad?
And no, this isn't some ghetto or nasty buffet style food spot (don't let the "food showcase" scare you away...they don't serve that food to us!).
It is an extra $1 to get toppings, and an extra $2 for any way you want em.
So for $9 we got all this food!
And yes, the AYCE is all day.
Since you already know how good the pizza is, I will fill in the rest.
The knots are pretty good, not mind blowing, but good.
The pasta is ok...but I won't bother with them again.....I have become jaded with excellent pasta from Italian spots in town.
The salads I didn't touch..but the company said they were ok.
They also have 2 slices + drink for $5.99 or something like that.
These slices are like 4 regular pizza place slices.
Service is also pretty good.
The server was friendly and refilled and requested often enough.
Yes, it is worth the drive.
Give it a shot!

Had the food delivered, 2 stars for promptness, but yuck on the food!

Actually was on the way to have a gyro at a nearby establishment which happened to be closed upon arrival.
My son and I opted for a slice of pizza instead.
I thought it was strange that we were the only 2 people in the restaurant on a Sunday around noon.
There were 3 people who came in to pick up carry out, but nobody else coming or going during our lunch.
I asked if their gyro listed on the menu was available in only a sandwich or as a platter entree.
I was informed that they can't serve gyros because of the lease agreements the competitor has, but it's on the menu because of their other location.
First disappointment.
Upon selection of a couple slices of pizza and a pastrami & corned beef sandwich on marbled rye, I struggled with the way the waiter, who was obviously fighting a cough, continued over to cut the 2 slices from the pie in the counter, while coughing over his arm several times.
Although diverted from our food, I still cringed watching this.
I think asking his colleague to take care of this would have been a much better option.
She, instead ate a slice of the remaining pie off to the side of the restaurant while we waited on our food.
I was looking forward to a good NY pastrami & corned beef sandwich, typically served piled high on warm marbled rye.
What I received instead was a thin corned beef only sandwich on toasted plain rye bread.
Pickles on the side, and the "NY style mustard" was curiously similar to plain yellow mustard.
Not quite what I was hoping for at the price.
Anyway....this was just a little disappointing in both service and food.
There are far too many options out there to even bother revisiting.
I'm sure their carryout pies are fine for the local community.

I am from New York and if anyone from New York can tell me this is NY pizza, you're NOT from New York..
I'm so sorry to say this place is awful, the people are wonderful but I wasn't going here for a social party, I was going to dinner.
OMG AWFUL, is all I could think of.
Don't take my word for it, just go and you'll see just what I mean.
People were ordering ate one thing and asked for a box, maybe they didn't want to hurt the girls feelings.
I was so excited to have a place so close to me, but I guess I am still going to have to travel to Metro for a decent piece of pizza.
Sorry Sabatino, your place is nothing like anyplace in NEW YORK!!!!!!

We just tried Sabatino's and were okay with everything.
First off, the food arrived super fast!
We got it almost 15 minutes earlier than the quoted time.
We tried pizza, chicken, and pasta and everything was hot.
This is always good with us because we are always down to eat!
The food itself was ok.
Nothing special, but not bad either.
The pizza was a thin crust style and a little on the greasy side.
The baked ziti was ok, but again nothing special.
The chicken fingers were pretty good, but tasted like most bar chicken fingers.
Again nothing special.
Everything tasted ok and will do if you are in a pinch, but there are plenty of other places in town with great food that I would rather visit first.
I also think the prices at Sabatino's are high for what you actually get.
Our meal was $45 and I think it should have been about $27-35 max.
I have no problem paying to great food, but this place is too high, in my opinion.
Yeah, so everything is ok, but not special.

This store occupies the location where Aurelio's pizza used to be.
The difference is night and day.
Where as, Aurelio's had good pizza, but rude, incompetent people working there, Sabatino's has good people, but the food is somewhere between mediocre and awful.
We went for the lunch special, all you can eat pizza, pasta, salad and garlic knots, $7.99.
Pizza Where most all you can eat pizza buffets have a variety of pizzas, here it's cheese pizza, served by the slice.
If you want pepperoni on it, it's a dollar more.
The slices are large, you can fold it over to eat, if you dare.
Be careful this pizza is so oily there's oil dripping everywhere.
It's lite on sauce, which I like, but there is no flavor might be just tomato sauce and oil.
The cheese is normal.
The crust has a chemical taste, can't describe it.
I tasted it while eating the pizza and narrowed it down to the crust by tasting the crust by itself.
Pasta You get to choose the pasta type and they put marinara sauce on it.
Again the sauce is so oily, it's disgusting.
Garlic Knots They were pathetic, the garlic knots at CiCi's are considerably better.
They were missing something, oh yeah, Garlic.
These were like bread knots basted with butter or oil, some kind of lubricant.
Salad It looks like bagged salad, you pick the dressing.
This is suppose to be NY pizza.
I've never been to NY, but I doubt this is what their  pizza is like, since I've heard so many good things about NY pizza.
I had pizza from Manhattan pizza, I don't know if it's just a name or called Manhattan because it's NY pizza, it was good.
Save yourself a trip and try somewhere else.
For the price, Graziano's is a much better choice, Round Table would have been a much better choice.
CiCi's is a better choice than this place.
Update: I received this from the owner.
Comment from Robert H. of Sabatino's Authentic NY Pizzeria 5/1/2013   'Once again......
I have many former New Yorkers who just love our pizza.
Perhaps you do need to take a trip to New York before judging us so harshly :-)"  Am I to understand, by your comment, that if I went to New York and had a pizza and pasta and it was the same, oily and tasteless, it would somehow improve my rating of your restaurant?
Let me clarify something, my co-worker and co-eater (who's Italian).
the day I commented on, is born and bred in New Jersey, has eaten plenty of "New York Pizza" in NY, he also felt the food was too oily and the knots lacking garlic.
8 )

NY pizza without the NY attitude!
I stopped in for their all you can eat deal.
Pizza, pasta, knots, and salad.
Their server Gene was very friendly and had a great attitude.
Service was great.
Now the food..... best NY pizza I have had in town.
Better than Roccos and you won't get that NY attitude here like you will at Roccos.
The pizza was perfect and the knots were nice and doughy.
I've been back a few times since I drafted this review, and I'm still getting great food and great service from the whole staff there!

As much as I love writing scathing reviews it's tough sometimes to put into words how much I hate Sabatino's "Authentic" NY Pizza.
I say "authentic" because I've been to NY plenty of times and have eaten at a variety of hole in the wall pizza joints and not even on my worst day have I eaten anything as tasteless and lifeless as Sabatino's.
The pizza was flavorless, the crusty was chewy, and there was so much grease that I could've drowned in the deluge that came with tipping the pizza towards my face.
If you want to experience real authentic NY pizza go to Manhattan, but if you want a great Vegas interpretation of NY pizza go to Secret Pizza inside the Cosmopolitan.
Your taste buds will thank you.

Once again looking at places near our Vegas home we came across Sabatino's, we really had no idea what to expect.
The place was packed and many take out orders were going and yet we were greeted warmly and quickly and were told to sit wherever we liked.
Our server brought us menus and took our drink order.
Fast and with a smile.
We made our choices and as usual, with my family, substitutions and additions were asked for (thats what you get when cooks go out).
All our requests were honored.
All of our food was wonderful and the service was even better.
So happy to know that this place is in the neighborhood and BONUS they deliver!!!
OH YES.

When I ate the Chicken Parm in the dining area...
I loved it.
When I got it delivered to me house... horrendous.
You decide.

I've dined there several times and I enjoyed it.
I've picked up food and enjoyed it.
You are correct...
I should of called.
I will adjust my rating accordingly.

The food was great!
The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because they forgot our salads.
I love their ranch, pizza and wings were awesome!

I love thin-crust NY-style pizza.
Sabatino's is close to work so I get to go here/ have food delivered whenever I have a craving for a pie.
I like their Fresca pizza (fresh basil, tomatoes and mozzarella cheese) and Everything pizza (sausage, pepperoni, ham, meatball, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes and green bell peppers).
The sausage is terrific and the crust is crisp and not bland.
They have huge pizzas: 14", 16", 21" and bigger than that is a Sicilian.
They have good eggplant parm and garlic knots.
My favorites are their ham, salami, pepperoni and provolone Stromboli and the powdered sugar zeppoles...sooooo gooood!!!
I can't stop eating them.

Very diverse menu!
The service is dependent on how many customers and servers there are, but overall the staff are very good.
The portions are very large, 1 slice of cheese pizza is HUGE!
It is NY style so it is very thin and even an expert pizza handler may need to fold it.
The quality is decent for the low costs of their various food options.
This location has removed some items from their menu due to conflicts with other restaurants in the strip mall area.
But, they have enough alternative items to satisfy your stomach.
Probably will eat here again in the future.

I am a fan of NYC thin-crust pizza.
And yes, I've actually had it in NYC.
Sabatino's tries but their pizza just comes out OK.  No real complaints, but it just doesn't come up as something I'd go out of my way for.
This is kind of sad, because I literally live 5 minutes away from the place.
When I have the craving for NY style pizza?
My thoughts automatically wander to someplace across town like Broadway Pizza (sorry guys).
That place makes an excellent pie.
Pizza at Sabatino's looks pretty good and for the most part comes out fresh.
But the crust for me just isn't as tasty as I'd want it to be.
I dunno, maybe it's just me and maybe my taste buds are just out of whack.
Either way, I just don't see myself coming here that often for a slice of the pie.
Sabatino's does have some decent specials, $5.99 for two slices of cheese pizza and a drink.
They also have a pizza buffet going on for $7.99 I believe that comes with:  -Cheese pizza -Salad -Pasta with marinara -Garlic knots -Drink  We had this buffet to give the place a go but was a bit underimpressed.
I mean, if you're going to offer a buffet, why only cheese pizza?
My guess is to keep the costs down.
I don't mind cheese pizza (when it's good and cheesy), but Sabatino's was light on the cheese.
The salad was basic bag salad with some tomatoes and red onion added.
The pasta was just penne with marinara sauce.
Their sauce wasn't anything special, I hate saying it but it's possible it wasn't made in-house.
The garlic knots?
I've had better.
Wasn't worth the money per person for their buffet.
I rather have stuck with $5 per person at the local Cici's pizza.
There you know you're not getting 'authentic' NY style pizza, but you get more choices.
Service was ok, a bit slow but very friendly.
It's possible we had a newer server helping us out.
Restaurant just wasn't that busy on a weekend, it's kind of a sign that folks might think Sabatino's is run-of-the-mill.
Like the look of the place with all the NY memorabilia plastered on their walls.
Just need some improvement on the NY eats.

I love having their thin crust pizza with Italian Sausage and Fresh Mozzarella.
Overall we've had a pleasant experience with their delivery service with the exception of the last time we ordered there.
The delivery took over 2 hours and then when the food showed up, the driver was stating we had to pay when we'd already paid via credit card.
Good thing I was able to prove it with my online receipt, but the experience really made us stop using them.

The BEST Philly Cheesesteak & Cannoli I've ever had in Vegas!
I ordered delivery from grubhub.com & the only complaint I have is NO napkins...grrr.
I love Philly's & this has been the very best!
The Cannoli reminded me of the ones we served at an Italian restaurant I used to work for.
SO GOOD!

My rating is relative to all the other pizza places that have delivered to me, since I've lived in Vegas.
New Yorkers would probably rate it 3 or 4 stars.
Far and away the best delivery pizza (in my neighborhood).
The best thing to get is the 22" pizza, because the crust turns out to be the thinnest with that one.
The wings are pretty good as well, and reasonably priced relative to other places that deliver wings.
Sometimes they forget my blue cheese dressing for my wings, but other than that, I really have no complaints with this place.
Oh, and I tried the calzone once, and it was also above average.

New owners recently bought the place and have really changed the recipes to make the food very tasty..
The pizza is now very good and the crust actually has flavor now..
I recommend trying it.
It's decent for Vegas  FYI the old owners sold a 30" pizza and delivered it In a 26" box.
Lmao.
Really.
So where did the other 4" go..

I picked a good night to try Sabatino's.
I called in to see if they had any specials going on and since it was Monday, The girl on the phone suggested the "Monday Special" to me.
Mondays you can get a large cheese pizza (dine-in or carryout only) for $8.99 (regularly $12.99) plus tax and $1.50 for each additional topping.
I thought that was a great price to see if I would even like it or not so I ordered a "Pepperoni Pizza" for pick up.
The ordering process was easy and I appreciated the great customer service the girl taking the order gave and going over the specials with me.
When I arrived the place was full of people so I took this as a good sign.
The inside isn't very big, but clean and cozy.
I walked over to the cash register and was greeted by a nice young girl who rang me up and went over the weekly specials with me while my pizza was being boxed up.
She also gave me a menu to take home and look over.
It wasn't too cold of a night so I asked for some paper plates so hubby and I could eat our pizza at one of the many tables I noticed outside on the way in.
Plates, pizza and now drinks in hand we headed outside.
When I first opened the pizza box it didn't look that appetizing, but we all know looks can be deceiving and that was the case this time.
The sauce on the pizza is really what stood out to me.
The sauce was just tasty!
The cheese, crust and pepperoni were good.
I had some that was left over for lunch the next day and it tasted just as good, even cold!
I will be back to try other menu items!
Pizza sizes are medium (14"), large (16"), extra large (21") and Sicilian.
They have over a dozen lunch specials, but here are a few: -slice of cheese pizza and a side salad for $4.99 -slice of cheese pizza and 1 garlic knot slider for $5.99 -2 slices of cheese pizza for $5.99 -any regular sized hot or cold sandwich and fries for $8.99 -spaghetti with marinara and garlic bread for $4.99  All lunch specials include a drink!
Lunch specials are currently from 11 am - 3 pm.
They offer delivery with a minimum $12 purchase and deliver pretty far out so call and check to see if they deliver to you.
If you are looking for an affordable family meal you might want to check out their "all you can eat anytime" deal.
It costs $7.99 and includes cheese pizza, any pasta with marinara, and a side salad.
I am assuming when I walked in and saw so many people, that they were taking advantage of this deal, but who knows.
Tuesday and Wednesday if you buy any entree, large or extra large pizza at regular price, you get a 2nd of equal or lesser value for half off.
Dine-in or carryout only.

Alas Sabatino's, you will be missed.
But your pizza crust has been pretty darn tough the last few times.
And it used to be so good!
Someone must be over kneading in the kitchen.
:-(.

Terrible customer service.
Did you not read the sign on my door that said no soliciting?

This review is a few days late but I wanted to give this restaurant kudos for a wonderful job on an order I called in for delivery last Sunday 12/22.
At the last minute I decided to order Italian food for delivery.
Every selection I chose was amazingly delicious !
We had garlic knots and cheesy garlic bread and a seafood salad and another seafood dish (I think called Seafood Heaven?).
Meatballs (soft and yummy) a pasta dish with chicken and sausage (nice and spicy ~yum !).
Trying to recall what else but it was so easy to place my order online and choose a delivery time.
The time I chose was 6 pm and the food was delivered HOT and ready to eat at exactly 5:55 pm.
Very very satisfied !!
Adding a tip to my bill was very convenient as well !!!
I'll definitely be back !!!
Highly recommend this restaurant !

This place is okay.
My group of friends and I tried a Large Everything Pizza.
It was okay a bit greasy.
Not to be picky but the cups looked a little dirty as well.
However, it was a decent meal for the price we paid.

After Thanksgiving, my husband and I went there for dinner on a Sunday, I ordered eggplant Parmesan sandwich, he ordered calzone with sausage and something else, well they forgot the sausage and the Calzone was loaded with cheese, ricotta, mozerella, no tomato or pasta sauce, I remembered Calzones from other places always add pasta sauce, but not here, also, They forgot the sausage.
Thank goodness my eggplant sandwich did not make me sick.
Long story short, my husband ended up in E.R.
with severe food poisoning.
I would be very careful with the calzones here.

when we moved to North West Vegas we wanted to get a quick lunch that would not break the bank.
Subway is our usual go-to for this task but when we saw Sabatinos Pizza has a 7.50 Lunch special we decided to get them a try.
We were not disappointed.
Food was Hot,tastey, and filling.
Salad, Pasta, NY pizza, and a Drink for 7 bucks You cant beat that.
Alfredo Sauce is to die for it made from scratch i guess.
we like it some much that we make sure to order a lil no matter what were eating great on everything lol!

It's a shame we're so boring in what we eat.
Every time we go to Sabatino's, we eat the same spaghetti with marinara sauce, garlic bread, and a soda (dirt cheap).
We always look at all the other good things on the menu, but always end up with our old standby.
In general, it's very good.
On this last trip, though, the noodles were a bit over-cooked and the sauce a bit shy.
Usually, though, the food is very good, so I still rate it very highly and recommend it.

This is an excellent neighborhood pizza place.
I have ordered delivery and carryout from here before, but never formally dined in the restaurant.
That being said, the times I have been inside, the restaurant looked clean and well maintained.
The space inside the restaurant appeared appropriate for the average number of customers.
The staff has always been friendly over the telephone and in person.
I have tried a number of the menu listed pizzas and the custom/orderer designed pizzas.
All the pizzas have been good.
The chicken alfredo pizza is excellent.
The ingredients like sausage and pepperoni are very good.
Some pizza places are hit or miss as far as sausage and this place hits.
The wings are very traditional american and well made.
While I have seen a trend for fusion style wings or exotic flavors, this place does traditional american style wings and does them well.
This is very refreshing since a lot has been called or is asked to pass for wings at certain places.
I have consistently had a good experience here and look forward to trying some of the other menu items such as the sandwiches and the other appetizers.

Since I am originally from NJ, Italian food with the East Coast flavor has been, at times, hard to find in Las Vegas.
My family and I love the décor of the restaurant and the folks who work there are as friendly as can be, especially Nicole.
The servings are a great value for the price and it is conveniently located about 2 miles form my house.
We easily go in for dinner at least 3-4 times a month.
We generally have a take home container go home with us every visit we make.
Great pizza and entree's.
Highly recommend.

Had an opportunity to check this place out with my group the Las Vegas Pizza Posse, and I have to say I was really impressed.
The pizza, the service....
FANTASTIC!!!!
The pizza was that perfect mix of the right crust, tasty sauce, plentiful toppings and cooked up just right.
A lot of pizza I don't eat the outer crust as it's usually too thick or too crunchy, but I couldn't wait to get to the outer crust, the outside was golden brown, while the inside was warm and soft, kind of reminded me of the fresh baked Italian bread my Grandpa used to get at the Napolitano bakery right out of the oven.
The service tonight was first rate to be sure.
From the moment we sat down, they took our drink orders, and served us up some of their delicious garlic knots.
They started serving the pizza shortly after, and it was hot and the cheese was gooey, just the way I like it.
The group favorite tonight was the double bacon, and there was a lot of bacon!!!!
If your looking for some really good "New York" style pizza I don't think you'll be disappointed here.

the pizza is good , but I chicken parmesan it was burnt.I really like the pizza was crunchy like I'm used to in New York.

so I had a comment about last night's food,  I got an email from the owner, and he said he will make it right.that's great service.because of that I will be back.

First time we came here I feel in love with the staff and food if you love pizza pasta and dessert you are going to love it here.
I bring my family every time they come out to visit.

We have become regulars here can't help but love the food and the people will always come back

First meal in vegas and glad i did its ten times better then any az pizzeria that we have wild white pizza and teriyaki wings.. First the pizza sooo good white sauce almost tasted like a claim sauce but not but amazing !!!!
Normally in az we get half azz attempt on making a pizza over cooked under cooked raw etc everything was done to perfection !!
I must say that if im getting blown away from pizza i should also try 800?

Those wings!!!
I haven't had good buffalo wings in a while, sabatinos made it happen!
wings made to perfection.
I order the two slice and drink combo... who huge slices that I shared with hubby.
The restaurant was very clean and the waitress was very nice!
I will be back!!!
PS: I gave them five stars for the delicious buffalo wings!

Aaahhhh quick recap -   Pizza - not as good as I remember.
Maybe it was too much sauce?
Maybe it was the taste of the sauce?
Maybe it wasn't hot enough?
Maybe it was me?
It just didn't cut it for me.
I've been too spoiled by another great place down the street from me.
No one can touch it yet in town.
BUT...dem garlic knots.
Simply delightful.
Those knots are best bestest knots I've had in a long time.
They're so soft, fluffy, thick, buttery, full of garlic and herbs...it's better than ice cold water on a hot summer day.
I'm tellin' ya.
They are devine.

My 1st time ordering from this place today and it was AMAZING!
I'm originally from Queens NY and this by far is the closest match to NY pizza.
My order arrived in the specified time and was hot and fresh.
I got a large pepperoni pizza and medium wings all for $19.99 and it was so worth it.
The wings were fully cooked and had just the right amount of wing sauce.
I would absolutely order from them again.
They also have great customer service and will deliver out of their service area for a reasonable fee.
I'm located in 89166 and my fee was $5.
Give them a try!

I was craving a slice of pizza tonight and I thought I would give Sabatino's a try as three years of living in the area was long enough for having never tried it before.
I wanted only a slice or two rather than a whole pie but I could not tell if I could get a slice for dinner.
I only saw a slice available for lunch.
But then I saw a picture of a high stacked pastrami or corned beef sandwich and that sounded almost as good as pizza.
So I opted for a pastrami melt.
It came on rye bread with pickles, my choice of cheese and mustard.
I was disppointed with it as soon as I took the bag.
It felt so light weight and through the bag was clearly not stacked high like the picture led me to believe.
I sneaked a peek when I got to my car to make sure I received the right order.
I tried a piece of the pastrami that was hanging off the side and honestly it was good.
Maybe there was hope for this thing yet.
Lucky for me home was right around the corner.
At home my first bite took me right back to a low level disappointment.
The bottom bread was soggy and this sandwich really was on the skimpy side.
I have to say though, the taste was something to behold.
The pastrami is good, the cheese is melty and the pickles are many.
Not too shabby.
Not too big either unfortunately.

I have been coming here off and on for a year, i like, actually LOVE the service!
I haven't found anything on the menu that was not good.
Today I'm having the Stromboli, I eat the wings and chicken fingers till i can't walk!
If you like pasta, and all around NY style pizza, wings and fingers,this is the place.
I just wish it was closer to my house!

So Sabatino's has redeemd themselves in my eyes.
In stark contrast to the sandwich I had on my first visit to this establishment, the stromboli I had on the second was a winner.
I was about to order a build-your-own three topping 'boli when I saw the menu ready eggplant, roasted red pepper and smoked mozzarella calzone/stromboli.
That sounded great so that is what I went with.
I also ordered Abita Amber beer on draught.
As I sipped my beer and watched whatever sports news show was on TV while waiting eagerly for my 'boli I was brought a bascket of garlic knotts.
These twisty little nubbins of dough were hot and fresh.
Not to mention delicious with their garlic topping and fresh marinara asuce for dipping.
These knotts alone were worth the second visit to a place I originally did not put much stock in.
And then came the stromboli looking all wicked good.
It was staffed with cheese, pieces of red pepper and some strange looking but awesome tasting eggplant.
The eggplant looked batter fried rather than breaded.
Regardless,  it was good eats.
I ate two of the three large pieces of the stromboli and took the other home.
Can you say breakfast?
I'm a fan now as even as leftovers this stromboli was fantastic.
Plus the staff was great last night.
The man serving the dining room has made a good impression.

Great food and great service.
We got the Stromboli, wings and pizza.
Our son loved everything too.
Very clean and updated look.
New York themed everything.

Delivery took all of 45 mins.
Not bad, not great.
The Hawaiian Pizza has bacon on it...very yummy.
But no olives available for my pepperoni?

I have personally gone to Sabatino's more than one can count.
I thought it was pretty good.
Better than Pizza Hut or Papa John's.
The thing is they no longer get a good rating from me or my household.
The last time I ordered for a pick up...they said it was going to be a 30 min wait.
That was fine because I worked 40 mins away.
Once I got off from work and arrived there, I was disappointed to hear it was not ready yet...and as time passed it seemed like they hadn't even started on the pizza yet.
The staff didn't even apologize to me for the wait.
I had to stand around and I timed them.
It was exactly 30 minutes that I had to wait additional.
Staff couldn't careless.
OKAY - I let it slide because it was the first bad experience I had there.
I always thought the staff could be worked on a bit, but my husband and I just care about good pizza.
Last month we ordered pizza for delivery and I promise you this will be the last time we order anything from Sabatino's.
They told us a 30-45 min wait for the delivery.
Again, that's fine.
10 minutes later though, our door bell rang and we got the pizza.
We couldn't believe it was that fast!
Except...it wasn't the pizza we ordered!
We understand people make mistakes so my husband called to let them know.
He eventually spoke to the manager and he told us we had to return the pizza to the driver!!!
We were SO shocked!
When the delivery guy got there he said word-for-word, "Uh...so I guess I'm here to pick up the pizza you have and give you this one?
" Seriously???
The right thing to do was FIX the problem, not create another one!
When we opened the pizza, it was cold, dry, and bland.
I couldn't even taste their original recipe.
We all agreed never to do business with them again!
This is not how one should do business!
We hope the manager reads this!
After my past experiences, they have always given us the pizza for free if it was their mistake.
Not this owner.

AWESOME.
I'm from NYC and a huge pizza critic.
The pizza in Vegas is horrible until today.
Order the large 6 cheese pizza.
You will thank me.
NY in Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!
Best pizza in town, PERIOD!

Only gave 1 star because 0 wasn't an option.
I Ordered 50 bucks worth of pizza, wings (the smallest I have ever seen), and garlic knots.
Waited almost an hour for them to deliver it.
Paid the $3 delivery charge and tipped the driver, just for me to not get the pizza.
I called and had to wait an additional 45 min for a pizza they said they remade.
It was cold in the center, and the crust was cold too, and the meatballs were nothing more than crumbled ground beef.
Remade my ass.
So the moral of the story is if you feel like eating cold food and wasting 50 bucks you should totally order from Sabatino's.

Waited an hour and 20 minutes for delivery, and received a cold, soggy, undercooked MESS of a pizza.
I called the store, and was told no, I couldn't have a refund, and no, they would NOT be replacing my pizza.
The guy on the phone was extremely rude, even yelling at me when I asked for a refund.
He said, well, we're certainly not coming out again tonight, and you have your food, so what do you want?
Um... A pizza that's not half raw, cold and soggy?
Luckily, I had ordered from eat24, and was able to obtain a refund from them directly.
Nasty pizza, and even nastier people.
At least own up to and FIX your mistakes.

these people are fucking morons...
I called...some female answers the phone and says "can I put your on a BRIEF hold?
" sure.. no problem, maybe they are busy, never called before, and never been there before, first time POSSIBLE customer... so this girl didn't even put me on hold, she just sat the phone on the counter and continued her 5-7 minute conversation with another female employee... then  some customers came and walked in, I heard them get greeted, and then I heard someone pick up the phone (that im waiting for to speak with someone to put in an order) and the phone gets hung up on...
I literally waited for 5-7 minutes... then some guests walked in, and the dumb ass stupid fuckin girl didn't even check to see if someone was on the phone... she just hangs it up... like really???
did you not hear me yelling HELLO????
do you just normally pick up a phone, and hang it up?
did you forget that 5-7 minutes ago you answered a phone call and "placed me on hold" so you could finish your STUPID CONVO with your coworker about NOTHING... welp... sorry, but I just wanted to tell your manager how sad his employees are running this business... and let him know that unfortunately their food prolly tastes amazing, but im not going to be ordering it to find out.
HOW CAN YOU NOT PICK UP THE PHONE THAT YOU PLACED ON HOLD?!
what makes someone think their stupid fuckin co worker conversation is more important than taking an order over the phone... like really?
you should be fired.
if your that incompetent, you should just go work at walmart, they are equal opportunity employers.

The wait staff was very polite.
Got the #4 Stromboli add peppers and onions.
It was awesome probably the best I have ever eaten.
The garlic nots were the best bread appetizer ever and I don't know where they get their raspberry tea but it was the best as well.
This is my first visit and I will most certainly be going back.
The 4 star rating was because of the ticket time.
It was a bit longer than I feel it should have been for how busy it was.
All in all I recommend this place.
Yum...

