Let me be the first to say dont do it..
I had got a truck about a year ago with this company but at the location on 19th and broadway.. Only reason I went there is because it was my last resort.. No banks were giving me any approved loans do to my credit.
When i got to auto action it was a fast process because i had the paperwork before hand.
Although interest is extreamly high I told my self its better then nothing...  Should of left with nothing.. after having this truck for a year its been more like a project car then a reliable car, everything needed to be replaced..
Goes to show you theyll sell you anything..  Top it all off, I was considering trading my truck with chapman chevrolet.. Come to find out the truck I have had been in 2 accidents so they offered me the lowest trade value for it.. Couldnt make the trade with negative equity so I passed and still am stuck with this truck I do not want.
Only reason i didint give 1 star is because having this truck has gave me experience and good credit..

I came to this Auto Action location to purchase a vehicle on Saturday 4/12 with a bad taste in my mouth from a previous dealership telling me I was approved with my $500 down and going in for them to tell me I needed $2000.
I had previously spoken with Ryan on the phone and decided to take the long trip into the Van Buren location.
Once I got there it was an easy process, unlike other places we worked number first.
I told them what I had & what I could afford and they told me what cars I could pick from.
Ryan took the time to show me all of the vehicles and even took me to other locations to make sure I made a choice I was going to be happy with.
Ryan ended up spending nearly 4 hours with me.
I decided on a 2003 Ford Focus and could not be happier.
Abraham made sure I fully understood what my obligations were and Angel went through the contract with me twice to ensure I was satisfied with my terms.
My payments are affordable and the length of the loan is perfect.
It is very hard to trust buy here- pay here dealerships but thankfully I had an awesome experience.

I bought my truck from Auto Action and it was so easy to get approved even with my credit.
I am thankful that they were able to help me.

