I was a first time home buyer and Ryan the loan officer explained everything to me.
As far as the intrest rates, and the amount I was qualified for.
He providd me with the prequalifcation paperwork right away so we could start looking for homes.
He also told me how to bring my credit score up and in the end I got a great intrest rate, great credit score and the process was easy, non stressful, and quick.
They do respond to you right away and are always there for questions.

Luke is the best!
As a first time home buyer, I had no clue what I was doing when I decided to buy a house.
Luke Wielgot walked me through the process with a positive attitude and patience.
I have a great rate and now have my very first home and I definitely couldn't have done it without Luke and the team at Academy.

I highly recommend working with Alex and Luke at Academy Mortgage.
They were quick to respond to any questions or concerns and did a great job of walking us through the steps, very important for first time home buyers.
I was really impressed the first time I spoke with Alex on the phone.
He called me about a half hour after my realtor made the reference, got all the information needed, and we had a good sense of what we could qualify for that day.
Our official prequalification came through about a week later.
All in all, very professional.
In the bidding process, we faced competition from all-cash buyers.
Thanks to Alex and Luke putting in a good word for us with the sellers' realtors, we were competitive, and ending up winning bids for our top choice houses.
They do everything electronically, which made the process of signing/reviewing all the documents very easy.
The loan terms/fees were easy to understand.

Stay away from Academy Mortgage!
I am an experienced Realtor in Phoenix area and have worked with multitude of lenders on many different transactions.
I have never experienced more unprofessional service nor suffered the wrath of angry buyers and sellers, than with Academy Mortgage and The Joe Edwards Team in Chandler.
Academy was the lender for the buyer and I represented the seller for a $360K property.
We received and accepted an offer from the buyer with an approved pre-qualification from Academy Mortgage on May 4th.
Academy kept assuring the seller, multiple times over the next 30 days, that everything was great, the buyer had strong credit scores, plenty of income and that loan approval was no problem.
Based on these assurances from Academy, the home was taken off the market and placed in 'pending' status; the seller moved everything out of the home and leased another property, the buyers made plans to relocate, they even enrolled their children in the local schools.
Two days before the scheduled close of escrow Academy Mortgage notified the parties that the buyer was "a great borrower" but Academy's loan processing was just "taking a bit longer than we expected".
So with everyone still trusting The Joe Edwards Team at Academy Mortgage, buyer requested and seller granted a one week extension for closing until June 11th.
A date which came and went with no loan approval but Academy assuring the parties that they "were working late and really pushing" this loan through the approval process...    Then on June 13th the buyers and sellers receive a form letter: "Statement of Credit Denial" from Academy Mortgage with the reason boxed checked "insufficient income"!!!
The buyer's income should have been checked and verified prior to issuing their meaningless prequalification letter 40 days ago!
Do yourself a favor and don't walk, but run away from Academy Mortgage.
They will break your heart and cost you endless frustration, time, and money.

Christine Brackman from Academy Mortgage was extremely friendly and genuinely cared about my experience buying a house.
She was extremely personable and made me feel comfortable and confident in every aspect of the process.
I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
In addition, her assistant Greg was very resourceful, and provided many updates, as well as answered all of my MANY questions.
They made a great team, and I am so happy I was able to work with them.

