Scott, the owner, visited our house today for some pest issues we are having.
I spoke with a few other companies on the phone but they all tried to up sell other services or required an expensive monthly contract.
Scott was not pushy and seemed very knowledgeable about organic pest control options that are pet-friendly.
During the first visit he spent over an hour at our house doing a thorough walk through and discussing the issues we are having.
Scott sealed up all openings in the doors so bugs can not get through and put down a pet-safe product to take care of any bugs in the home.
The service was very affordable and I would recommend them if you are having any pest issues but don't like the idea of filling your home with chemicals.

If you care about what goes into your living space, consider Green Organics for your pest control needs.
Scott is as knowledgeable as they come, and he addresses most all your pest needs.
He doesn't rush through a call.
He takes deliberate care in making sure your home is protected.
Please give Scott and Green Organics a call.

Scott, the owner, is very knowledgable and takes the time to address the sources of the problem, ensure you understand what he's looking for, and then takes a low impact approach to addressing any infestations.
Other companies never took the time to explain what agents they were using, how they worked, and they're toxicity.
We have animals and children and seek a no poison approach.
Scott delivered, and we're very pleased so far.

We were looking for an organic pest control company because we heard that the chemicals often used in pest control can be toxic.
We found Green Organics to be the best out there in terms of use of natural treatments.
What I really liked was that Scott took time to educate me on how to best position my home to not be welcoming to bugs.
It's stuff that you don't think of if you don't know the business, but it made sense once he said it.
I also learned a lot about scorpion control which is a big deal here in the valley.
If you have a scorpion problem and your pest control company has not sealed your bathroom vents... well, I learned that they can come in through those vents.
Thankfully, ours are now sealed.
I give this company my full endorsement (which is something I rarely do.

