Came here since i just moved to the Area.
I received a coupon in the mail, so i though i would give them a try.
My fabulous Dry Cleaner is now far away in inner city Phoenix.
I had a coupon that boosted what a great discount they give with this fabulous coupon.
They did do a good job, but for 4 items my total was   $18.72.
I feel that is ridiculously  high.
My 4 items were a very plan skirt(no pleats), A shirt , a pair of shorts and a scarf.
Plus they wasted a lot of packaging ,  There is ample parking in the lot.
It is located in a nice shopping center.
I just cannot say it is the best i have ever been to.

Well, we got our clothes back - I suppose that is deserving of at least one star.
And they were reasonably pressed and looked acceptable.
Unfortunately, whoever staples those numbered pieces of paper through the button holes of shirts is a bit overzealous on his or her stapling.
Of the 10 shirts left, 4 had multiple staples actually stapled through the shirt fabric.
I've actually never had this happen anywhere else in all the years I've been using cleaners.
This might not seem like much of a deal until you go to pull the paper off and actually rip the shirt in the process.
Stick to your iron and water or find another cleaner that pays more attention to detail.

I used this cleaner a number of times and always been satisfied with the quality of the job.
I never had shirts cleaned, so can't attest to that, but have had wool pants and a suit coat done.
I also get my duvet, comforter and sham cleaned here when I can afford it.
It's a good idea to join their club program as you will save a lot of money.
I feel they do a professional job and are timely in getting the job done.
I think it's too bad they have so many negative reviews here at Yelp because I don't think they deserve it.
It does cost a lot of money to get things dry cleaned, but it you want your finery to last, you better pay.
I like the way my items are presented on hangers.
It's like getting something new again.

I have been going to Delia's for awhile now.
They are reasonably priced and the hours of service are convenient.
This location, the service is hit or miss.
You might get an employee who is in a good mood and wants to help out, or you may get someone who doesn't really like where they work.
You have to point out if you need something to be cleaned specifically or else it won't be done.

