This place is great!
I moved right down the street, and I thought it looked pretty weird at first.
But, we went here and tried it and I'm in looove.
Everything I've had here is really, really good.
And such good prices.
I think I need to get in here on a taco tuesday!

This is a great quirky little restaurant.
I usually stray away from places that have every kind of food under the sun, but this place is different.
The food is always very fresh, hot and delicious.
Everything is very clean.
I get the feeling that the owners/management/staff really have their heart in it.
Pretty quick too.

Huge selection unique items and now many vegetarian options.
Mexican, Chinese, a Thai dish, and dinner (american food including breakfast items) they have it.
On my first visit I oped for the daily special which was a chillie rellno and a drink for $6.99 The chillie it self was quite good, the sides were standard and the hand made soft corn tortilla were amazing.
My coworker had a dish we had never seen before, potato gortia like long patties covered in sauce cheese and chunk of carne asada.
~7.50 which he did enjoy.
My one grip with this place is the price.
With tax and tip meals are close to $10 and I would like it to be just a buck or so less for lunch pricing or have a pei wei like format so I did not need to tip.

The first time I ended up here, it was because it was within walking distance of my hotel, and why not?
It was so good that I rearranged my next cross-country trip to stay in the same hotel, so I could eat here again.
I love it!
They're pretty proud of serving everything all day, breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
The variety is amazing, but everything my kids and I ordered was really good.
I focused heavily on Mexican breakfast foods, but my sampling of other dishes that my kids ordered suggest everything is equally delicious.

Food is cheap and very good.
Service is great and always on point.
Moved down the street and stoked this place is so close.
Git some!
You ain't gunna regret this one baby!

I came upon this place with my daughter one morning passing by, when they first opened up.
Since then I have brought multiple co workers here and they have all done the same.
Good food at a great price.
I hope they stay around for awhile and expand to other locations!

First time eating here.
A+.
The place is very clean and neat inside.
Service was nothing shy of excellent, and the food was so good.
I had a pork chop w eggs and hash browns.
Very fresh and delicious!
I'll definitely be going back.
Very friendly folks here as well.

Excellent service.
Very nice people.
Loss of options (bordering on too many), but the Mexican food was great and the prices can't be beat.

This is a very nice, clean place.
My husband and I stopped by here late one Saturday morning.
It's amazing what they offer.
Can't really call them an IHOP or Denny's since they also serve a more authentic selection of Mexican food.
Asked the waiter if everything on the menu is up for grabs at whatever time of the day, and his response was, "yes".
Hooray!!!
American, Chinese, Mexican.
Breakfast items as well.
Yummy!
My husband had a meat and veggie loaded omelet and loved it.
I had pancakes, poached eggs, fruit, and sausage.
Pancakes left something to be desired.
Tasted store bought but okay.
Wish they could spice the pancakes up a bit with diff toppings or flavors.
Friendly staff and good cheap food.
Will def come again to check out their Chinese and Mexican dishes.

I am always looking to support small businesses and this one did not disappoint me.
I was a little apprehensive about the appearance on the outside but decided to give it a try.
They have a large variety of foods.
The chicken salad is GREAT, the place is clean and the staff are very friendly.
Don't let the appearance stop you, try it, you will not be disappointed either.

First time here.
I had breakfast and my wife had lunch.
Good food, decent portions all at a good price.
Place is clean.
Staff is friendly.
Would definitely come back.

Interesting place.
I have eaten here before but not enough to correctly rate it so I gave it 3 .
Mexican American & Chinese food.
All things to all people?
Perhaps.
We'll see.

Our favorite place to go for breakfast on the weekends.
Although I'm disappointed that they're no longer open on Sundays.

I've tried several things off the menu and they have all been really good.
I do have to say though my top 2 are the Honey chicken (delishhh) and the other is the Mexican enchiladas (very good).
Great place, attentive & friendly.
Little hidden gem.

Just ate breakfast.
Very clean, very friendly staff, delicious food, very inexpensive (crappy Dennys usually costs us thirty dollars or so) and nice quiet atmosphere.
Nothing very flashy for breakfast, but that suits my hubby just fine.
One awesome thing I must suggest however is the fruit waters.
Normally I love my coffee with breakfast but I was intrigued, so of course I had to try.
Delish!
I got onshore which came out as a little ready of sunshine with an umbrella in it.
Didn't miss my coffee at all.
Definitely a great morning stop especially if you are sick of the.
Restaurants that get high ratings because they are trendy (been to way too many disappointments that way) I think the only down side is there really isn't much decor and from the outside it is not eye catching, but that's about it.

The food was very fresh and good.
This is a small family run place which is the type of place I prefer.
Prices are good, staff is friendly and the portions are just the right size.
We came to this place because of the Yelp reviews and it was spot on.
Not fancy, but clean with good food.

International House of Food is as legit as they come.
I can't be more thankful that this place is within walking distance of my house as every time I've eaten here the food has been delicious.
I've yet to try the Chinese options, but all of the American diner-style food has never left me anything but satisfied.
The true stars of the menu thus far, however, have been the Mexican options.
For my most recent visit I had the huaraches with the al pastor meat.
Numerous flavors and an adequate amount of food make this a darn near perfect dish.
There's a sick mural inside, it's a small operation run by genuine people, and it's a neighborhood spot, so I'd encourage anyone and everyone to give them a shot because businesses like this one are what we need more of.

