I made an appointment to go here over the weekend for a bridesmaid dress.
The wedding is next month so it's very short notice, which I realize.
When I arrived, I was shown where the bridesmaid dress section was.
I was surprised on how small the selection was.
Luckily in the end, I found 2 dresses that I did really like.
After selecting the dresses that I wanted to try on, I went to the fitting room where they had misplaced my dresses already.
They didn't go too far away but still, if you're reserving a room for me why would the dresses be moved?
The prices seemed okay.
They ranged from $100-$139.
The person that I had an appointment with wasn't very helpful.
She didn't offer to get any other sizes for me or anything.
I've had much better service at BCBGs at the outlet malls (I think they have the best customer service when it comes to clothing).
Turned out some of the styles I selected to try on didn't even come in the color I needed.
Ummm that would have been nice to know before I tried on 10 dresses.
After deciding on the two styles I wanted I inquired about ordering them and if they'd be here in time.
Turned out it wouldn't work out.
I guess you need more than a month to have a dress shipped to the store.
Really?
When I went home I looked online and noticed that they had dresses that were online exclusive.
The shipping times weren't bad either 8-11 business days.
They are currently running a promotion for free shipping too.
Why didn't the sales associates mention this?
I told them that we weren't set on any styles and were pretty flexible.
Funny too because one of the dresses I really liked can be ordered online too in my size and the correct color.
When I asked her if it came in another shade of purple I needed she said probably not.
Why wouldn't you look?
And guess what, it is offered.
So it looks like I will be getting the dress I need as well as the rest of the bridal party.
However, it was without the help of the staff and all through research of my own.
I would not recommend using David's Bridal for bridesmaid dresses and will choose to go somewhere else in the future after this experience.

I fully expected this experience to be a disaster as a walked into this David's Bridal location for my appointment.
My best friend chose DB for her bridesmaids dresses because I live across the country and after several atrocious experiences in Novi, Michigan I felt just terrible that my best friend, let alone any bride should have to deal with anything but top notch customer service.
I only wish all locations were as fantastic as this one.
Even though this isn't a full David's Bridal but a boutique with a more limited but refined selection...
I have never had better service.
From someone with retail background, I expressed my gratitude to Flor, my lovely consultant, by buying my shoes in store that day too just so she could get commission for the sale (I never intended on buying shoes in this store, let alone how much I splurged...)  All bridal shops should give you nothing but a uniquely attentive, kind, personal experience while shopping and I got just that today at the David's Bridal Boutique at the Waterfront in Scottsdale.
When you're calling to make your appointment,  see Flor if you can.

I have never been a fan of David's Bridal to be honest.
I stayed far away when planning my own wedding because most stores felt like being in a warehouse of generic styles (at least for bridesmaids dresses, to each his own for wedding dresses I suppose).
This location is different, if only they could all be as nice as this one.
Granted, it is a former Priscilla of Boston but it definitely made DB seem more upscale.
The best friend and I went in search of a dress for an upcoming wedding she is to be part of.
The staff at this location were very nice and answered any questions we had.
The fitting rooms were beautiful, with plenty of room, would be great for entire bridal parties trying on dresses together.
The bestie found a breathtaking Vera Wang draped floor length dress.
She ordered it and it came in less than 3 weeks later!
Very speedy and not at all like the reputation DB has had in the past.
Be wary of the alterations, from some other friends' experiences it seems that is where the delays are.
As with anything wedding related, plan ahead!
There are still some other great Bridal stores in the Valley I definitely recommend over David's Bridal but if you are in a wedding where the bride has chosen DB or only need a special occasion dress, this is the best location I've found.

Although I don't know much about bridal stores, my sister went to this store recently and can't stop talking about how great her experience was.
She was visiting from out of town and staying with me, so after listening to her rave about "David's Bridal by Fashion Square" non-stop for 3 days I figured I better give the store props!
Thanks for making this part of the wedding planning go so smoothly for her!

My experience went from amazing to not so good.
My actual dress shopping was great!
Flor was my consultant and was so wonderful!
I only tried on 3 dresses total before finding "the one.
"  Then the alterations...
It was a disaster.
I asked the woman for a price and I was told she needed to pin to figure it out.
After 2 hours of pinning, she told me it would be $357!!!
That's outrageous.
I had to make the decision, and ended up telling her to unpin everything because I truly believed that I could get it cheaper.
I'm so glad I did, because I found "perfect bride alterations" in Phoenix who did my alterations for MUCH cheaper, and she did a perfect job.
A few things to consider...
Try your dress on with AND without the bra thing they try to sell you.
Also, do price shopping for your alterations before committing to David's...
I bet there's a good chance you can find it for cheaper and just as good (if not better) quality.

I recently visited the David's Bridal Scottsdale store while visiting my future in-laws after Christmas.
My future mother-in-law really wanted to be involved in the dress shopping experience so I thought I would make my first shopping trip while visiting her.
My future sister-in-law was in town too so I thought it would be a nice chance for her to be involved too.
I didn't expect to find my dress as I am SUPER picky and it has taken me MONTHS to find dresses for things before.
My wedding isn't until October, so I had 10 months and wasn't too worried.
When I called to make the reservation for an appt at this store, I was diverted to the Paradise Valley store as the Scottsdale location was under renovation.
Not a big deal as the PV store is only 20 min away.
I had a terrible experience with Sierra at the PV store (but that is for a different review) but while I was there I discovered the Scottsdale store had opened since I had made my appt and they had the line that carried  the dress that I had really wanted to try on from the Melissa Sweet collection.
Sierra told me they had the line but probably not that dress and sent me on my way.
I called after leaving the PV store and asked if I could just swing by and try on the one dress (which they easily and quickly confirmed they did have) and they accommodated me!
My aunt, future sister and mother-in-law and I stopped by the store and they quickly set me up with Alison.
She let me know that she did have one other client but she would help me as soon as possible.
She was back within 2 minutes and helped me into the Melissa Sweet dress.
Everyone LOVED it, but I wasn't sure.
You just know, right?
Well she said we could look around the store and try on other dresses so we looked and found a few but had other plans we had to get to.
The next day I called and made an appt so my Aunt and I could go back and try on some of the other gowns we had seen - although Sierra had told us that other than the Melissa Sweet line the PV store had all the same dresses as the Scottsdale Fashion Square store (SFS from here on out); she was wrong.
When I walked in the girl at the front immediately recognized me, so that was nice, and they set me up with Alison again.
She was SO NICE.
She informed me she had another client but was always back within, like, two minutes.
I found 4 more dresses I wanted to try.
One I picked up to try on because my future sister-in-law thought it was pretty.
I tried on the other Melissa Sweet dress I had liked the day before and ended up not liking it AT ALL.
However, the next dress I tried on was the dress my future sister-in-law picked out.
It was this gorgeous Oleg Cassini dress.
It fit PERFECTLY, even down to the length with my shoes.
I liked it the best and the silhouette was pretty, but I wasn't sure.
I had mentioned to Alison that I had bought my shoes and had "that feeling" of just knowing when I saw them, I knew I could have the same feeling about the dress.
She knew I had liked the sash on the Melissa Sweet so she grabbed a pink ribbon and tied it on and fitted me with a veil and that was it.
I was done.
In two days of shopping at only two stores, I had found my dress, I had that feeling.
If Alison hadn't added that sash I wouldn't have been as sure.
It changed the entire dress in my mind.
Alison made me feel thin and pretty and really excited!
I bought the dress right away and, unless I lose (or G-d forbid, gain) weight, I won't need ANY alterations; the length, fit, everything was perfect.
I felt bad about my future in-laws not being able to be there as they had other plans at the time I found the dress so we went back AGAIN the next day... and they recognized me again, this time by name!
Alison again fitted me up with everything for them to see and they loved the dress.
When we were at the PV store we were hot (it was cold out, and the heat was set too high), Sierra was ALWAYS busy with her other client and only helped me in and out of 1 dress.
Most of the dresses she brought were things I DIDN'T want, and my Aunt had to help me in and out of mostly everything while my future mother-in-law pulled dresses for me.
The dressing room wasn't big enough for the dress, much less the dress and two people, but the SFS store had large fitting rooms WITH MIRRORS AND A CHAIR!
Sierra just was not a good match for me but Alison at SFS.... was amazing.
Yes, my sister-in-law picked out the dress, but the difference was Alison understood me, she could tell when I needed to go from really liking to omg-loving the dress.
She made me feel like her only client even though I knew she had another and she was SO sweet and nice.
I really appreciated her and everything she did for me!
Because of Alison I ACTUALLY feel like a bride now.

This is by far the best Davids bridal I've experienced.
I came here after trying on dresses at another shop and coming up empty; I was a little apprehensive but gave it a shot because they usually have a good selection and variety.
The inside of this store is really really nice and there are private areas for each bride and her entourage, which is nice because most David's Bridals stick everyone in one large area.
The staff was very friendly, informative and helpful.
My consultant offered to help me into all of the dresses or said I could have someone from my party do it if that would make me more comfortable.
I'm no shy gal and figured she could do it faster, so I had her help me with all the dresses and she was more than happy.
I found the dress I loved on the fourth try and it was really an awesome experience.
I thought it was a cute touch that they give you a bell to ring once you find the dress, and tell you to make a wish for your wedding day:)    I never felt like the staff was pushing me into anything and they really seemed to like their jobs.
Best part was that my dress was $300 off the retail price.
The only possible con with this place is that it's a collections store, which means they only carry certain designers' collections; I believe there were 5 or 6 designers total.
So before you head here I would make sure to call and see if the dress you're interested in is at the store.
Otherwise, happy shopping!

1 star because 0 stars is not an option...   After reading all of the positives reviews about this bridal store, I was thrilled to make a reservation here for my sister.
The girl on the phone was very sweet and helpful.
*Keep in mind we are looking to spend approximately $2,500 or so on a bridal gown which is WELL above the average price of a gown here.
Fast forward to the day of our appointment:  We walk through the door and are completely ignored for the first 10 minutes.
The girls at the front desk are busy gossiping so we decide to at least look around a bit and that's when one of the girls approaches us with a confused look on her face "Um.. Can I help you?
" Caught off guard by a somewhat accusing statement, we tell her we have an appointment and she directs us to the front desk where we wait a few minutes for the girls to stop gossiping.
We were then assigned an associate to help us; she asks the bride details about her wedding theme and her dream dress.
We select dresses to try on and are directed to the fitting room/seating area.
My sister emerges from the fitting room in her first dress and the associate takes off; no questions about the dress or anything... back to the front to gossip.
My sister stood there literally holding up her dress because the associate failed to secure the clamps so I promptly jumped up and helped her.
After determining that the dress was not for her, my sister headed back to the fitting room, and that is when the associate showed up again.
After 6 gowns and 6 of the same exact experience, our very annoyed bridal party finally got up to leave the salon.
On our way out I passed a girl headed to the fitting rooms with 4 dresses in her arms.
A different associate from the store promptly walks up to her and asks "Where are you going?
" to which she replied: "To try these on, I called this morning to ask if there were any openings and there were!
The girl on the phone told me I could come in and try these on.
" The associate then rudely told the girl that she couldn't just try on dresses without an associate's help and that she would have to come back in 2 hours if she wanted to try anything on.
The girl, who was about in tears and mortified, repeated her situation and that she was told she was allowed to try on dresses.
The associate snapped back "You will have to speak with my manager.
" I was completely disturbed by the whole situation, it was like the movie Pretty Woman all over again.
I hate to post a bad review but our experience was horrible.
If you are looking for the "bridal experience" this is not the salon.
Our next appointment was at Lillian Lottie Couture; they were wonderful and helped us pick out the perfect gown.

I made an appointment to come to this David's Bridal at a wedding show.
The location was a little difficult to find and parking was very hard to find.
once inside I had excellent service from Danielle.
She let me look around to try to find the wedding gowns I liked and wanted to try on.
After seeing the styles I liked she also made a few selections.
Once in the dressing room, which is roomy because this is one of their boutique stores, Danielle helped me in and out of about 7 dresses.
once I narrowed it down to two she brought me veil and shoes and accessories for each dress so I could get a complete picture in my head.
I ended up buying my dress and veil that day.
I spent a little more than I wanted, but I feel beautiful in my dress.
Pluses: Beautiful store, not cluttered, has a very upscale look, lots of bridal gowns to choose from, friendly staff, discounts when you set up an account.
Minuses: limited bridesmaids dresses, no flower girl or junior bridesmaids dresses, when bringing me shoes and other items to try on I was only brought the most expensive.
I ended up buying a $189 veil because I didn't know there were other veils for around $40.
I feel like they prey on the emotional state brides to be are in to try to make bigger sales.

what an amazing experience.
Katie and the team at David's Bridal Collections completely made up for the crappy experience that i had at the Ahwahtukee location.
the day before had been disparaging.
i had gone to DBs in Ahwahtukee and had the worst experience with an associate.
by the end of the day i had pretty much resigned myself to not finding a dress that weekend and feeling sad that i wouldn't be able to pick out a dress with my mom.
a friend had mentioned that maybe the location in Scottsdale would have more of the dresses i was looking for in stock so i decided to book an online appointment Saturday night for one at 11am the next morning.
i am so glad i did!
first of all, the location is amazing.
its extremely clean, accommodating, and much more pleasant than the Ahwahtukee location.
also the staff here seem to genuinely care about finding you the right dress for that special day.
we were immediately greeted by friendly staff at the front desk and within 5 minutes of wandering around and picking out dresses, Katie met with me to start trying on dresses.
in my previous review of the Ahwahtukee location i had mentioned that the associate there just threw me a corset and told me good luck!
well here i was give a corset, a slip, and shoes so that i could get a more accurate picture of what the dress would look like the day of.
SO MUCH BETTER.
also Katie helped me in and out of every dress which was a huge time saver and waaayyyyyyyyyy easier than trying to wrestle with these monsters.
she also clipped the dresses when they were too big and brought tons of cute accessories to complete the look.
girl was full service and so much fun!
katie was outstanding.
she brought dresses that i had personally picked out as well as some dresses she thought i may like based on the theme of the wedding and based on the answers to the many questions she asked about the day of.
she actually asked questions!
she was so sweet and easy to talk to.
i wasn't uncomfortable with her at all and she also made my mom and friends feel welcome and part of the process.
katie actually made this experience almost too wonderful because i immediately found 3 dresses i fell in love with but with her adding accessories and completing the look, i was able to find that one dress that would really make the day!!!
Thank you, Katie!!
while i realize that DB is a national chain, i really think the ladies at david's bridal collections in Scottsdale go the extra mile to make this an experience.
the dressing rooms are large and well kept, the store is clean and all dresses are on display, and the staff is just wonderful.
i couldn't ask for a better experience!

I would absolutely recommend this David's Bridal to anyone looking for their dream wedding dress or a special occasion dress, which is what I recently went to the store for.
After searching around Fashion Square and not finding anything to fit me just right, I went to DB's looking for a black tie dress for a work event.
I was immediately greeted when I walked in, the store was very neat and clean, and they had a great selection of dresses.
The store manager and one of the other associates both helped me by suggesting dresses for a petite person like myself, and they found me the perfect form fitting floor-length dress for the occasion.
Since it didn't come in my size in the color I wanted, they got me fabric swatches and together helped me find another color that I loved just as much!
They even brought me dresses in the new color so I could try it on and see how I liked it.
Again, I would definitely recommend this location of David's Bridal to everyone.
Staff is friendly and the store is very well kept!
Thank you!

Horrible customer service.
No one helped me pick out a dress, or in dressing room.
I was told one thing and then another.
I wouldn't recommend going here.

Yesterday, I was lucky enough to find the dress of my dreams here.
However, I had another dress I needed to go try on again, just to be sure.
So we asked that 2 dresses be put on hold for us, and said we would almost definitely be back that night.
We left, and went to the other bridal store to try on the "other" dress.
As soon as I put it on, I knew.
I looked at my mom, and said, that's it.
We need to go back to David's tonight.
I was literally jumping for joy going out to the car, because I knew I was going to get MY wedding dress.
Unfortunately, we got there... And they had sold my size, which was supposed to be held.
They were able to order it online, which we were initially told it was no longer available for order.
So it was just rather confusing.
Because we ending up having to order it online, I wasn't able to use the $50 card I drew :( I got free shipping.
But I am sorry, a $15 discount vs a $50 discount is a big difference while planning a wedding.
I wouldn't have had to pay for shipping in the first place, had my dress been held.
So instead of getting the taxes cut down from $68 to $18 (with the $50 discount), I had to pay full taxes.
Which was just really disappointing.
I had hoped they would offer some sort of compensation or free alterations at least, as it will hardly need any.
That would have been more than justified.
I DID GET MY DREAM DRESS.
Which is all that matters, it just came at a higher cost than it should've been, with a lot of stress involved.

The process of finding the dress last October was great and Nia was very helpful and fun to work with.
I give her and that part of the process 5 stars.
The problems came once the dress came into the store and I had to get some alterations.
I took the dress back to the alterations department 3 times.
Each time not enough was fixed and it continued to have bumps in the layers of fabric around my waist/stomach area so the dress didn't lay smooth, which they worked on some but then told me I was "just going to have to deal with it" and hold my bouquet over it.
Also the cap sleeve was falling down and they told me they couldn't fix it because it would mess up the lace so I was planning to get double sided sticky tape to make it fit.
She also said to me during one appointment, when it didn't fit again "maybe you gained weight.
" (I have been size 2 for at least the past 5 years) One time she called me the day before my next appointment and asked me what I wanted to have fixed again.
This did not make me feel confident, and this several month long process dragged on and on and was very frustrating.
I thought I was early getting my dress in October for my June wedding but here it was end of April and it still had problems and I had already wasted over $200 to get these things fixed.
I would have believed all she said about not being able to fix it, except I then took the dress elsewhere and they fixed everything in a week and a half.
Overall I'd say if you want a simple alteration I think they'd do fine, but if there is any problem with your dress after one appointment, it's better to take it to someone who will take the time to listen to what you need and if needed will fix it by hand.
Don't believe them if they say it can't be fixed because at least for me, it wasn't true.

Nia was amazing!!
She was so helpful and knew exactly what I was thinking.
All the staff was so friendly and accommodating.
The gowns are gorgeous and I found three gowns I am in LOVE with!!
So excited to see Nia again if you go definitely ask for her.
She picked out a gown that I thought I wouldn't like but now it's in the top running!

By far the worst customer service I have ever experienced.
I put a down payment on my dress on a Saturday and was going to come back on  the following Monday to pay the rest of the balance.
I was told that the dress would come in on June 5th but when I went in on Monday they said that it would be coming in on the 30th of June.
I was getting married on the 5th of July and had to fly to Wisconsin for the wedding on the 30th.
Anyway, she said she would email the factory and get back to me the very next day... FOUR DAYS LATER  I still hadn't heard from them so I had to call.
Then I called to ask if I can cancel the order since I hadn't received the dress.
The manager says she will call me in an hour.
NOTHING!!!
Had to call again the next day to talk to her.
The final straw was when I had to call to get my refund.
I was put on hold for about 20 mins  and after that someone completely different picks up the phone and asks if she can help me...
UGH!!!
It has been so frustrating.
I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.
Horrible customer service, no people skills!

