This lounge is great for drinks while watching the live music.
It's right in the middle of the hotel between the entrance and the doors to the lake which offers for high ceilings and a very open-aired feeling even though you're inside.
Decent wine list for a hotel.

Of the little time I spent here, I am a fan.
You will find it in the Westin Hotel in Lake Las Vegas on the second floor.
The place is very quiet and provides a romantic getaway for those trying to escape from the high paced casino life.
There was a live guitarist that sang Latino themed music that added a nice feel to the place.
The atmosphere is very comfy and gave you that resort feel as if you were in Monte Carlo or something.
Excellent and fast service and the waitress even gave us our drinks fro free, that got me sold.
They have a great drink menu, my lady ordered a martini/bloody mary concoction while I went with a Dalwhinnie Single Malt Scotch Whisky.
I wish we spent more time here.
There are little clusters of lounge chairs and couches scattered along the floor space that each had its own invisible boundary from the other sections, yet still was spacious yet cohesive enough to be all together.
Decorated with light neutral colors that is very calming and relaxing.
A perfect pre funk spot before our Valentine's dinner at Marssa.
Thanks guys!

Live music in a very open area.
I'm trying the MaryMartini.
Bloody Mary Martini mix, ooh yum.
Very tropical feel even though we're in the inside.
I'm really digging this resort so far.

The first thing we wanted to do after checking into our room was to get a drink, relax and just do some nothing.
The décor of the lounge is really cool.
It just says "come sit and relax".
There is a grand piano but there was no live entertainment when we were there at 4pm.
From the very tall vaulted ceilings to the amazing view of the lake, this lounge is just gorgeous.
The menu is nice and light.
Nothing too heavy, just some fun to food to nosh on.
The one stand out of this place is a server I believe her name is Jan. She was very friendly and personable.
We asked her if we could have drinks outside on the patio and she said it would be no problem.
We ordered the Mediterranean plate which had stuffed olives,garlicky pita bread, baba ganoush and hummus.
My GF is gluten free so we asked for some carrot and celery sticks and Jan gladly brought them.
The olives were delicious.
Nice and briny but not overpowering.
The pita had the perfect amount of garlic, I could have eaten more if they put it out.
The drinks we ordered were great too, (not because they were complimentary) The mango drink was our favorite though.
We will definitely be back on our next visit.

