If I could give less than one star, I would.
CenturyLink is the worst provider I have ever dealt with..bar none..in 30 years and 8 states.
From the beginning, sales people lied about services, products, charges and everything else.
Installers told me if I didn't like it, then don't watch TV as they have set up a monopoly at some of the condominiums (Pillar Communities being one) and you can't have any other service provider but them and their "partners".
In the 3 months of being their customer, I have spent many hours on the phone trying to obtain answers, straighten out billing issues and even accessing my account online took 10 weeks and six phone calls to set up.
As they "partner/bundle " with Direct TV, they lease you the equipment and install it and also take over the billing as well.
This results in any DTV offers and existing equipment not being "valid" for CLink customers and actually costs them more money.
Instead of my move being "Free - with $500.00 in additional savings", it cost me over $500.00...all thanks to CenturyLink.
Beware of MDU installation sites and CLink only installers..they just keep taking your money and the service S&!cks!!

Century link is the worst Internet, phone services I've ever received.
It's been 16 days and my service I paid for up front is still not TURNED ON!
When I call to try and solve the problems all they do is give me the run around.
Today alone I talked to 11 different Century link employees in 6 different departments.
Now there telling me they can't fix it for 7 days "there just to busy".
Wow to busy, that's great.
I can't believe this is the way they handle customers.
Cox may be more expensive but I'm taking my business to them, a cheaper bill is not worth this headache, oh and I forgot to mention that it's going to take 6-8 weeks for them to refund my money I paid up front.

If I could give them negative stars I would 45 Minuit support hold then some non US nearly non English speaker who can't answer as to why am I being double billed !!
Then asked me I would not mind a call back in 72 hours from some one in accounting!!!
WTF retards this has been going  on ever sense we moved .. do your self a favor do not get this service !!!!

FAIL.
FAIL.
FAIL.
FAIL.
I am within my 30 days of free trial.
I have had Century Link for two weeks and it hasn't worked almost at all (Except when the technician left) that entire time.
Your customer service is a travesty.
I've wasted over 4 hours on the line with barely literate morons.
None of them could do their jobs worth spit, or even give me any kind of relevant answer.
The last twit, "Tyler from Boise", listened to my entire description of the problem and then transferred me to a line that promptly disconnected me.
Thanks CenturyLink.
Changing your name from Qwest clearly didn't disguise the same dismal customer service fiascoes everyone knows you for.
Way to waste hours and hours of my time, just for giving you a chance to redeem yourself.
DO NOT TRANSFER ME TO ANOTHER DEPARTMENT.
DO NOT CHARGE ME FOR A DIME, AS YOU HAVE NOT PROVIDED A SINGLE OUNCE OF ACTUAL SERVICE TO ME.
WHAT.
A. COLOSSAL.
JOKE.

Don't be convinced that bundling is convenient...this highly rated customer service company and I hope you notice the dripping sarcasm is horrible at customer service.
Billing is a constant issue, overcharging for bundled services, yet mysteriously never undercharge when bundled services have miscellaneous charges.
To attempt to address these issues their partnership companies decline responsibility and centurylink is all to happy to blame them.
Your contract with them is up within a month and they are happy to re-sign you, but ask to unbundle service and it takes 3 months to accomplish.
Service fees for everything even reconnecting things that aren't disconnected.
6 straight months of billing inaccuracies, credits with bundled companies ignored, yet they are happy to block those services, then service fee you to have those credits go to them.
Ask to speak to a manager and they offer an escalation team - I asked for a manager.
No understanding of customer service, but while you waist your life on hold they repeatedly tell you how great they are...if you have the audacity to tell me how great you are, at the very least you should provide mediocre service.
This repeated service failure will never have me bundle again.
I want the ability to tell a business how bad they are by taking my business elsewhere without disrupting or affecting my excellent service received from their partners.
Do not be taken by bundling with them.
You will only feel regret and notice it degrade your bundled service professionalism and exceptional services.

Really, really slow......

Not sure why all the negative comments here but in my 30 day experience it's been awesome!!!
I've had Cox for 15 years and just fed up with there price hikes lousy service.
The last draw was them charging me 50 bucks to fix my internet and it was on there end.
Cox sucks!!
Back to centurylink there download speed is much faster for the middle of the road package at half the cost!!!!
I have not had a single problem.
Thanks Centurylink!
Five stars highly recommend!
Cox sucks!

Okay, so it's been over a month now so I feel comfortable giving a review.
I purchased Centurylink for my new home after I got sick of the crappy customer service and Internet service I got with Cox.
To those of you complaining now, try Cox and you'll think Century link is a saint in comparison.
I set up my order via Internet chat with a sales rep and because I did it through her instead of doing it on line myself with the website, she knocked off some set up fees for me.
Nothing over the top but enough to get a Starbucks fix for a couple weeks.
My Internet was at my house day of like they promised me, no sooner or later but right on time.
It came with DIY instructions which I attempted to set up but the Internet wouldn't work.
I called customer service to help me set it up in case I was too clueless to do it correctly myself, however the guy told me I did everything right and he'd send out a rep free of charge.
He wanted to send them out the next day but I told him I was really busy with work, getting time off isn't easy for me to do.
I told him I could make it on the weekend  but the phone rep guy didn't want me to wait 3 more days as I was paying for the service.
I told him the time I got off work and would be able to make it up and he set up a time frame window for me the next day and put in a special note requesting the person who comes out to please call before heading to my house and to not show up before a certain time.
Sure enough I get a call the next day at the exact time I told them I would be making it home, they ready to head over if I'm home.
The guy shows up, he's very nice, he quickly finds out what is wrong with the Internet service and offers to fix it.
He's very open and forward with me, "I can fix it over here free of charge or if you really want your desk to stay on that side of the room then I have to charge you $25 and I don't want to have to charge you.
" I let him know I'm okay rearranging my office and he helps me move the desk, filing cabinets, the computer, printer, and everything.
He didn't have to help me move that stuff, he simply could have hooked it up and left me to move everything on my own but I got lucky with a really nice rep.
I'd say my Internet is fast enough, I watch a lot of netflix and stream a lot of movies, plus I'm big on downloading movies, music, and other things.
I've had good customer service with every rep I've spoke with so far so I can't complain about anyone.
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because my Internet seems to cut out between 9-10 pm every single night.
Once a night, only within that hour it will cut out and I can easily get it to work by unplugging my router for 5 seconds and plugging it back in.
When I come late at 11pm I don't see my Internet cutting out, like I said it only happens between 9-10pm if it even happens.
Although it's a usual 5 days a week on average that it happens.
It's not the end of the world for me, it's not like I'm hiking a mile away to unplug it, it's in my house, it's a few steps, it doesn't kill me to burn the 1 calorie it takes to get off my butt and do it.
I know for some people this would drive them insane but I try not to let the little things get to me.
Like I said in the beginning that compared to Cox this place is amazing!

I had century link for nearly 3 years because that's what our apartment allowed.
It was marginal service, but we really didn't have any options.
The wireless router that they sent us stopped working in a day, and we had two more replacements thereafter.
The last one often dropped the connection but I got fed up with ordering more.
We cancelled our account last week since we're moving out.
Now my parents are on the phone with Century link at the moment.
They also had the service with the company for a year or two.
It was cancelled over a month ago because the service was just too slow and now they just received a bill for television service that they never had!
The bill is for nearly $300 and they've been arguing with the customer service reps for over an hour.
What is more, although my mom had a confirmation number and recorded the date and time of the cancellation (again over a month ago), they just found out that the associate she spoke with never cancelled the account---instead they merely suspended it!
What a crappy experience.
Now I'm worried about whether my cancellation went through or not.
I'd stay away if you have another option.

I  read the latest post so I thought I would give them a try.
Wrong!
I have been given the worst costumer service in a long time.
I move in from another state and talked with someone in Arrowhead mall.
I can only say that I felt like I was talking to someone who seemed like they were a car sales person.
But..
Thought I would give them the benefit of the doubt.
I informed him that as of right now all I have is a tablet and will not have a laptop.
He told me no problem, that he will make an appointment to get it set up with the technician.
It was at 8 pm.
I thought it was a little strange that it was so late but still went with it.
Well I waited until 9 pm.
Left messages and when I did get someone they said that he will take a message and hung up on me.
I  got an email, on my phone and it said that my service was connected, what happened to the 8pm appointment?
I was here but they never showed up.
So I called technical support, got this lady who said that the computer system was down till the next day and suggested that I go around and "beg someone " to use their laptop and set up my service.
Are you kidding me, I just moved here from another state I told her.
Then I just gave up.
Also just a reminder, they don't take cash at all,  I was told when setting up my service.
Not a good start at all.

I had to drop it down a star after 2 more months of having century link.
In the past unplugging my internet box and hooking it back up seemed to always do the magic trick to make my service work wickedly fast again but not anymore.
I paid the most expensive amount to have the fasted speed Internet and it's constantly cutting out to the point where I have to use my wifi from my cell phone if I need something done quicker.
And whenever I'm home I have to turn my cell phone off from connecting with my home wifi or my phone will start working half ass and slow.
I use Netflix a lot and something it never did with cox it, does with Century link almost daily.
Basically it will run slow and constantly pause and tell me it's adjusting due to how many century link users there are in the area using wifi.
I didn't pay the most amount for my internet plan so it can go slower to fit the needs of others.
I feel screwed, I'm locked in a contract now.
But I feel like whether I go to cox or stay with century link I'll have crappy service.
The only up side century link has going for them is I always get a person when I call, the staff is always friendly and quick to respond, and my bill doesn't fluctuate or have magical hidden fees like cox.
Let's see if things get better over the months.

