Maria is a very talented seamstress with impeccable customer service and very fair prices.
I dropped off two dresses that needed to be taken in several sizes.
She had them finished and ready for pickup in less than 24 hours!
Her attention to detail and wonderful demeanor made my experience at her shop five-star worthy.
If you need clothing alterations of any kind, I highly recommend Ale Maria's.

Maria is great with reasonable prices!
I have used her twice and she always has my things perfect and ready as soon as I need them.
She suggests and recommends different things if you are unsure.

So awesome!!!
Same day alterations, very reasonable prices, and super excellent customer service.
Maria is wonderful!
I highly recommend her and I will definitely be back again :D

Ale Maria's Fine Tailoring did an amazing job altering our clothes.
She tailored not only my clothes, but my husband's and every price of clothing turned out to fit perfectly!
We gave her about 15 articles of clothing and she had them done within 48 hours.
She is reasonably priced too!

This lady is phenomenal.
She does great alterations and is SO nice.
She altered one of my pant suits as well as my wedding dress and did a great job for both.
Her prices are very slightly cheaper than other places I got estimates from, but with her it's not about saving money.
You will pay the same or slightly less but receive the BEST customer service.
She is genuinely happy to make her customers happy.
Very happy with my dress, turn around time, price and customer service.

Maria did a wonderful job on my dress!
She was pleasant to work with and I felt like she really cared about her customers.
I highly recommend her.

I purchased a coat online and was a little disappointed with the fit when it arrived.
I took it to Ale Maria's and she made it fabulous!
She also adjusted some of my husband suits, giving them new life.
She has a genuine love for what she does, and I am sure you fellow yelpers WILL NOT go anywhere else once you give Maria a try.

I love Maria!
Her customer service is amazing!
I feel like I'm apart of her family!
I've been in three weddings in the past two years and been the matron of honor.
The first wedding I called a few places looking for alteration places.
I called other places and they weren't very helpful.
Then I called Maria and she was very accommodating.
She fixed the brides dress and all three of our bridesmaids dresses.
They all fit like a glove.
The second wedding was my brothers and my daughter was the flower girl.
Maria made a dress from scratch!
It was beautiful!!!
She also fixed my bridesmaid dress that had extra padding in the chest area which I defiantly did not need :) I am currently in a wedding and I just received my dress and we are a month out.
Maria reassured me it will be done in record time.
Also she fixed my daughters dress who is the flower girl and the brides dress again.
I tell everyone who needs alterations to go to her.
We love her!!!
I will never need another seamstress!

My experience was just like everyone else's; fantastic!
I came in around 10am needing for my husband's pants to be hemmed up and I needed it to be done same day.
No questions asked she did it.
She was so focused on quality and gave me a couple of "warnings" about hemming pants without my husband being there for her to measure.
I sincerely appreciated this and decided to take the chance anyway.
She did an wonderful job and was very reasonable.
She runs a great shop and if you are needing any type of tailoring or alteration, you need to go see Maria.

Maria is a great person, she cares deeply about ALL of her customers.
We used Maria on more than one occasion, and every time she did a great job with modifying our clothes for a perfect fit.
We live 10 miles east of her shop, but her super-fast turn around time on top of quality work make the drive worthwhile for us.
Everyone we referred to her has also been very happy with her services.
All these 5-star reviews aren't for nothing - she is "ALL THAT".

Brought in some raw denim jeans for a small stitching repair near the pocket.
She repaired the jeans in a few mins while I grabbed some food nearby.
Seems like quality work since I can't even tell where the problem was.
The service was very good and I plan to bring anything else I need tailored here.

Honestly, I would give zero stars if I could.
I've been having clothing tailored for years, and I've never come close to seeing such a poor job.
Given the other positive reviews here, I would be inclined to think that Maria's horrific tailoring job was just an anomaly.
However, she tailored multiple items for me at the same time and they all came out horribly wrong.
I still don't understand how it could've happened, because each item was tried on and measured.
They needed to be taken in just a little bit and she took them in so much that there wasn't enough fabric for them to be let out again so they could be fixed properly.
When I brought it to her attention and pointed out her mistakes she apologized and said she didn't know how it could have happened to not just one, but all of the items.
She agreed to fix her mistakes, but when she realized that they couldn't be fixed because she cut too much fabric, the cordial Maria disappeared and she became EXTREMELY rude and condescending, lying and placing blame on others in her shop (AFTER she had already admitted she did the work herself).
I HAVE NEVER, IN MY ENTIRE LIFE, HAD AN EXPERIENCE SO AWFUL, nor have I ever dealt with someone who seemed so pleasant in the beginning only to turn into a raging lunatic upon being confronted with her (irreversible) mistake.
Don't walk--RUN--as far and fast as you can from this business.
Over $200 in brand new clothes were RUINED by her poor workmanship, and because they had been altered, they could not be returned to the store.

I moved to the area a few months ago and was hesitant to take my clothes to another alteration person.
After a long search i decided to give Maria a try.
She is awesome!!!!
She is very polite and her work is fantastic.
She offers same day service and her hours are convenient.
I live about 25 mins from her and she is definitely worth the drive.
Highly recommended.

