The staff were incredibly nice but the food is not worth it.
Not one person at my table liked their meal.
The chicken was bland, the rice tasted sour (like they mixed it with a cream or some kind of seasoning that made it taste like it went bad).
The posole was overly salty - as if someone took a salt shaker and opened it over the bowl and emptied it.
The guacamole and salsas were good, and the homemade tortillas were good, but to me it's not worth a visit for that little that was on the good side.
So, I wouldn't recommend it.

Excellent spicy food and excellent service.
I am so excited to have this place now so close to my home.

My new standard for Mexican food!
The food is perfectly spicy walking the delicate balance of spice and flavor.
The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.
The only complaint I could imagine is that the food and salsa is too spicy, but of you like spicy food, you'll love Los Dos Molinos.
I can't wait to return!

Awful!
I went this past Friday to try out the new location.
There was no one there to great us and no one was taking peoples names.
We had to line up in the doorway where there was no air conditioning as well.
I left after 30 minutes because no one was being seated and there was no one to ask any questions to.
I called the restaurant after I left to complain and the person on the phone told me that they were too busy to talk to me!
I would expect more from a restaurant that has been in business in the valley for so long.
I'd avoid this place until they get their act in gear.

I fully expected to love this place as we're fans of the other locations and were so excited to see the sign on Camelback.
I give this location a big FAIL for service.
We were seated up front near the bar area by the guy I assumed was the owner/manager/full time bull-ish-er who spent the entire time visiting with a couple at the bar.
My boyfriend asked for a soda and waters as we were being seated.
The busser brought water,chips and salsa immediately and that was the last bit of 'good' service we received.
It took the waiter forever to come to our table just to take the order or even acknowledge we were there, again asked for soda.
It took quite a bit of time for the soda to finally make an appearance at which point the food was delivered.
During our meal we tried flagging down the waiter 3 times to ask for drink refills.
At one point he looked directly at us, nodded, and proceeded to forget about us.
After several attempts to flag him down I physically started waving my hands in the air as if I was stranded on an island waiting for a rescue but still not one single waiter/busser or captain BS at the bar seemed to notice or care.
(and yes Mr. Bartender sir I DID in fact see that you saw and did nothing to alert the staff)  I understand talking to customers is part of the business but it shouldn't be at the expense of others.
I'll even give you that it was their opening week however there's no excuse for blatantly ignoring clients sitting 2 feet from you while you do nothing but chat it up with the cute lady at the bar.
Not once did the waiter come to ask how we were or to check on us.
The place wasn't that busy but even if it were the guy at the bar could've, you know, just peeked his head up to see how everyone was doing.
The food is good but not good enough to make me come back.
And what's up with the horrendous decor.
We had to eat in the corner with a marble bust of Geronimo giving us the evil eye!

This place used to be Padres.
Padres had great food and great service.
We waited over 20 minutes for anyone to come to our table.
Never made it to the food.
We left starving.
I miss Padres!

Right when we walked In we were greeted immediately.
We sat down and they brought over a pitcher of water and chips and salsa.
Can I just say that finally I have found amazing, hot salsa...finally!
We mixed the red and green salsas together, try it you will love it.
I also got a margarita which was yummy and strong.
We ordered the chicken burrito and I ordered the number 3 combo but I didnt want a beef taco, I would rather have chicken.
The server told me that they don't do substitutions but she would ask, I said no big deal, if they will do it then cool, if not then just order everything separate and put it on the same plate.
The server came back and announced that they would do the substitution.
Awesome!
The food was good.
Im not a fan of their beans but I was born and raised in new Mexico so I'm a little bit picky lol.
All in all this is the best place I've been to in several months.
Not only was the food good but the service is amazing!
We will definitely be back!

My cousins and I eat out often and have eaten at Los Dos in many of the locations over the years so decided to go to the new one on Camelback.
Bad mistake.
Walk in the place is a din of noise.
We were seated promptly four of us, one menu.
Took forever for a waiter to return with , one more menu.
Finally the waiter returns took our order and service was pretty quick for the food to get to us.
I had posole which actually was tasty but would have been a lot better if it had been hot, it was just luke warm.
No time did our waiter ever return to fill ice tea glasses, and finally when we were  done he did return and fortunately did not ask how it was.
We had to ask twice for a carry home box.
The salsa of Los Dos is gone replaced by some gringo salsa.
The food is fair not great.
The service terrible.
Ambiance great.
Noise level high.
Worth trying again....nope.
Many people at different tables were complaining of getting no service.
I will await to see what moves in here because Los Dos is not long for this world at this location.

I was sad to only give Los Dos 3 stars.
I love the other locations but the Camelback location has some major service issues.
The food however is still outstanding if you like super hot New Mexican style food.
I love the chorizo dip.
As I said though the service left a lot to be desired.
Super slow.
Had to ask repeatedly for our water to be refilled.
I will visit Los Dos again, just not this location.

I am happy to say that the newest store in the family is as great as all the rest.
We went on Friday evening and the place was packed.The service was excellent as was the food.
We were seated promptly and were treated like family.
Reminded me of the old days going to the "A" frame in Mesa.
I highly recommend  and will return soon.
Bonus of running into old friends.

This is my favorite mexican in town.
The food is fresh alsways good and when they tell you something will be hot and spicy believe it!
The new location is great with a  nice bar and nice rooms with tables.
The staff is friendly and know their stuff.
The recommendation I got was for a beef stacked enchilada dinner with the green chili.
It is now my favorite and I honestly think it is perhaps the best Mexican dish in town.
The only downside is the parking lot.
I do not reallly like a parking lot that is lined with razor wire fences and hard to get in and out of - but I guess if the biggest complaint is the parking lot I can live with it.
Go, enjoy, have the enchilada and enjoy the heat!

i am appalled that this is rated at 3 stars!!
some of the best new mexican i have ever had, and that is saying a lot because i am not really into food that is very spicy/hot.
i prefer the red chili as it is less spicy than the green but both are amazing.
my wife had a chicken chimi and i had a machaca chimi and both were great, we sat at the bar and were served promptly.
PEOPLE DO NOT LET THE 3 STAR RATING FOOL YOU, you are missing out on something great if you skip this place.

So we finaly got a chance to try Los Dos Molinos, and I was a bit disappointed.
Now the service was fantastic and I did have the single best glass of sangria that i've ever had.
It's housed in what used to be Padres, great location around 10th and Camelback.
I ordered the Carne adobada ribs with beans and rice and my wife got the posole.
When I'm thinking ribs, I'm wanting a decent portion of meat on or off the bone.
What I got was 2 very small pieces of pork that totaled probably less than one total pork rib, covered in sauce so spicy that you couldn't taste anything else on the plate.
The beans were teh same way.
They were simmered with the same burn your face off red chili, and pretty tough to get through.
the rice was dry and it seemed bland (but I coudlnt' taste very much after eating the red sauce, so who knows).
My wife ordered the posole with green chile and it too was too spicy for her to eat.
After our mea, we had asked the server about the ability to put the chile on the side and said that was an option for next time..but I can't say there will be a next time.
While I'm all for some good spicy food, don't burn my face off and call that tasty.
I was really wanting to love this place but the food just fell flat for me.

It was the middle of the week and I was splayed out on the sofa, exhausted from my workday of fighting the good fight.
Historically, I come home, then I cook dinner for the fam.
Tonight I'm just too tired.
The wife and I run through the Arcadia regulars and decided we wanted something new.
Then, she mentioned that Los Dos had opened a new location just down Camelback Road.
I'm game, let's go!
We arrived and found a spot in the very tight parking lot.
It was still early, although happy hour had just ended as we walked in the door.
This was a rustic old building, it kinda looked like it had been someones home at one time.
The lighting was dim and the decor warm and inviting.
The music was loud.
Too Loud.
Ok, so you walk into the bar and you expect there might be loud music in the bar.
Los Dos does not disappoint on this.
Shortly, we were greeted by a man that led us into a side room, with even dimmer lighting and the same loud music.
He pointed to a table and we sat.
No menu's no water, no drinks.
Fortunately, all of that arrived fairly quickly and we yelled our drink order to the waiter as we noshed on the tiny portion of delicious, fresh chips and tasty, hot salsas.
Let's stop for a moment here.
The acoustics in the room were horrible.
The music was blaring at rock-concert volume, combined with the other diners in the room competing with each other and the music to be heard, it was just a rending cacaphony of sound.
Even worse, the music was on some sort of track that just repeated over and over again, some woman wailing constantly and a peppy, snappy beat that had the opposite effect of creating a relaxing dinner environment.
I saw a door to a patio, so I went out to check it out.
It was nice, well shaded and misted, with a view out to Camelback and outdoor speakers blaring the same irritating music at the same decibel level.
We peered at our menus in the dark.
A waiter noticed and turned the lights up.
Another waiter came by and turned the lights down.
Another waiter came by and turned them back up.
This humorous process kept on throughout our meal.
We ordered our dishes, I had a Machaca Chimi, with (of course) Green Sauce and the wife had a Green Chile and Cheese enchilada with chicken.
While the menu says to be patient as all orders are made to order, I was surprised that our dishes arrived within five or so minutes.
The Machaca was made with a red sauce and was tasty, not too hot.
The Green Chili sauce on top was spicy hot and tasty as well, and we both dug into our dishes.
The wife and I looked at each other after a couple of bites.
She mouthed the word "Salt", with a quizzical look.
I agreed and shouted back, "Too Much SALT!
"  It ws the predominant flavor.
Yes, I could taste the chiles and the meat and the tortilla, but with every bite, you were aware that salt was a main ingredient in their cooking.
I tried to cut the salt with the sour cream and guacamole that came on the side.
No luck.
Both were seasoned and again, salt led the charge.
We finished our dinner and just could not wait to get out of there.
The loud music was really getting on my nerves, I'm hearing-impaired and loud music coupled with people yelling at each other is too much input for me.
We finally were able to escape, so keyed up that we were both very tense on the drive home.
Yes, I could have asked them to turn it down, but really?
When the waiter cannot hear you ordering you have to ask to have the music turned down?
I've experienced the loud music phenomenon at the south central location too, it seems to be a Los Dos thing.
Unfortunately, it's not my thing.

One of my worse experiences ever.
From the silverware being dirty to a dry lemon for the beer it was just a terrible experience.
From the get go half of the menu was eliminated as an option for being too spicy.
The service was outstanding but the quality of the food does not merit a 20 dollar per person plate.

I love the patio and overall decor of this new location.
Its close to nearby Biltmore area so I find myself in the area quite a bit.
The salsas they use here are spicy!
I love it but others might not be able to handle the heat.
The house margaritas is one of the best in the valley in my opinion.
They had a good selection of mexican beers on draft: dos equis lager, pacifico, victoria, negro modelo.
I always get the carne adovado which is a slow roasted pork in red sauce.
Its wrapped in a soft tortilla and topped with cheese.
It pretty much melts in your mouth with the right amount of spice.
The enchiladas here are also very good.
Overall, this place tests less greasy and with none of the weird aftertaste I get with other mexican places like arribas,etc.

How anyone can come away from the food and drink here not evaluating it as a solid 5 amazes me.
Even if the floor was crawling with rats and the servers were drunk and abusive, I would still come back for the privilege to eat their amazing cuisine again.
What else can I possibly say?

Damned good adovado, pork stew, ice cold cervazas, and tasty margaritas.
The ribs are delicious!
Seriously, one of my favorite local "chain" restaurants (they have at least three locations in the valley).
It's good stuff.
Hate the parking lot, though.

Ugh.
I want to love this place like some of my friends, but going to the original one and waiting for hours just to get some special "Hot" food has left me feeling not positive for the visit to this new location.
Went on a Wednesday with the Mrs and a friend that pushed me through the door.
Same Padre's feel...
I was feeling better.
Got seated right away and got chips and salsa and waters pretty quick... alright!
and then we sat, and sat, and sat.
We were in a little room in the front where the entrance to the patio was and could see all the servers headed in and out with drinks and food.
I knew it was too good to be true.
Finally got a drink order in and he was def hurried.
no small talk, just wanted you to order.
I think the the place was maybe 1/3 full.
Got drinks and then waited for about 15 minutes.
WTF!
Finally ordered with not even a "Eff You!
" from the waiter.
At least it gave us time to catch up and take in the decor.
Food came and looked better than i remembered.
But the food was the same... Meh.
(see other LDM review) Meh NM style food.
My family is from NM.
I grew up on the stuff!
This is just hot to tasteless, salty plate of rice and beans!
I would come back to have HH at the bar.
area At least Padre's left that to still be enjoyed.

Gods Holy place for true New Mexican food.
My resume:  Born Portales NM.
1969, Raised Grants N.M. 1972 to 1987.
Devout follower of the stuffed sopapilla craze of the 70's and early 80's.
Frequent trips to all the mecca's in Albuquerque, Pajuaqe, Espanola, Las Vegas, Taos, Santa Fe, Grants.
I have eaten red chile con carne in some form on a bi-weekly basis from birth to the unfortunate relocation out of state in 1987.
HOWEVER, Los Dos Molinos has now taken the game to a new level.
I have never had such consistent, high-quality, intoxicating red chile as I have at this location in my life.
The newly relocated site is charming and warm.
The commitment to Red Chile Greatness is moving and gives me hope for the planet.
It is important to note that although they will not discuss it openly, there is no love lost between the locations and they do not function as a single corporate unit.
Down South Phx is the original and still very good, Mesa is a joke.
The Central/Arcadia/Biltmore area location is poised for greatness.
Do not be afraid, I have taken traveling business associates from coast to coast (one from Panama, and two from Germany) and as a result now find myself constantly shipping dry chile pods to the four corners of the earth so that an attempt at having some more of "that magical food" can be made.
On a recent trip I had the first Green Chile Relleno I have had in 15 years,(the AZ style is a heathen salsa covered mess) this Relleno renewed an entire entree for me.
Split one with the wife tonight and had the Adovado Enchilada with a pitcher of Margaritas and could barely function for endorphin stimulated bliss.
Good lord!
Eat HERE.
SOON!

I like Mexican food and I love spicy food, so I was told to go to Los Dos Molions; I did and was let down.
While the salsa was more spicy than most, it was not the runny nose, sweat on my forehead spice I was expecting.
I also thought the service was infrequent between visits to the table, we always seemed to be out of drinks.

We eat at Los Dos Molinos every time we are in the valley and have been to three of their locations.
This location by far has the fastest service!
We love the heat here, the tamales, adovado, chile relleno and the top shelf margaritas are our favorites.

I was expecting this place to be amazing after hearing people rave about this place.
Maybe the other locations are better.
Service was horrible.
Waiter was rude when we asked if they had a children's menu.
Very obvious that they are frequently asked this question.
One would think it wouldnt be too difficult to come up with one.
We sat outside and the cement bench with no back was horribly uncomfortable.
Salsa was below average as well as food.
I ordered tacos and the tortilla was soaked in some type of grease which dripped off as I ate it.
I absolutley LOVE Mexican food.
My in laws are from Mexico and we have authentic Mexican food whenever possible, this place is a poor excuse for Mexican food.
Hopefully it has improved since we have been there.

Visited this location on 2 occasions.
Both times we were served water and chips and nobody returned to take our order.
We will not go back a 3rd time.

Dined here for lunch on a weekday afternoon with a friend and thought we try this establishment since they served New Mexican cuisine.
I would like to say that I am from New Mexico, and also in the food service industry, so I may be more critical.
1st of all I would like to say we had Ok service, a pitcher of water was placed at our table for us to self serve, and with prices as they are I would expect more attention placed on service.
2nd of all, food was lackluster.
I ordered a pork tostada and pork taco entree which was very greasy and tasteless ( i taste more grease then anything else).
Rice was bland and beans taste as though it came from a can.
Definitely not what I remember of items I have enjoyed in New Mexico.
Only item I did enjoy was their salsa.
My friend ordered an entree which was Carne something, which he said had very little meat.
It's now been 2 hours since we ate and we are hungry again.. Definitely would eat at another place next time...

I really wanted to love this place but alas, I didn't.
the salsas were good and spicy.
chips were eh, alright.
I had the carnitas...tons of fat.
I get it, pork is a fatty meat and it gives more flavor, but I think for 14.95, they could certainly have cleaned it up a bit.
My beans had fat pieces in it too.
Chewy and nasty when you don't expect it.
My friend had the garlic pork.
Flavorless and a small portion.
My other friend had the Carne Adovada chimi.
Christmas style.
It was actually pretty good.
Spicy red and green sauce, lots of heat.
We had the chorizo dip.
It was chorizo and a dollop of sour cream with 4 overcooked pita chips.
So, here's the clincher.
They give you a plate of meat that in the menu says..."served with tortillaS ".
Nope, you get 1.
Just 1.
It's 1.50 for an extra tortilla.
Not a side, A tortilla.
F' ing ridiculous.
When we asked our server for another and he told us that it's extra, he followed it up by saying that they're homemade and hard to make so that's why they're extra.
I won't go back for this very reason but then the manager came by and asked how everything was so we told him and he just nodded like he couldn't understand what we were saying.
Right then, he could have saved us as customers.
I believe in giving 2nd chances and I would've just tried the tacos but that manager just looked at us like he couldn't believe we wanted another 5inch tortilla.
The service was decent enough but I wish servers would tell their names but it's not a deal breaker if they don't.
Also, there's an extra charge for more chips and extra charge for more salsa.
They overcharge for what they serve anyways so added charges for that stuff is ridiculous!
So....ADIOS Los Dos, I will not be back.

The Chili Relleno with Chicken was fantastic.
Ate every last bit of it.

Before this was Los Dos Molinos it stood as Padres Mexican Cuisine owned by a father and son.
I worked here for one summer so naturally when they sold Padres I returned a few months later to try out the new replacement.
When I first walked in I was taken back by all the lights and carefully hung snowflakes (it was December) but it looked beautiful and set a very nice atmostphere to be in.
The food was pretty good, not the most authentic mexican food I've had but there were no complaints about it.
The same head bus boy from when I worked was still there giving attentive service as always!
Over all still a really great place to go for dinner if youre in the area or want to try something new.
I only wish that the owner would give in and start having live music every Friday night as Padres did.
It makes for a nice edge and always drew tons of people in and of course was always a blast.

FIRE!!!!
That is what my mouth felt like after eating here.

I absolutely LOVE Los Dos...this is my new favorite mexican restaurant!
We go to the Mesa location and the service is excellent!
The posole wtih red sauce is my favorite on a Sunday morning, and my boyfried always gets the Adovada Ribs!
It is hot, flavorful and leaves you craving more each time!
Love, love, love it!

Horrible.
I did not like this place at all.
It appears that they just want to showcase how hot they can get their food.
Even the regular salsa (which at most places I tolerate) like liking the gates of hell.
I'm currently pregnant and sensitive to spicy foods right now but this was was absurd.
I ordered the chicken tacos and it seemed like the meat was simply covered in black pepper and that was it.
We will not be returning.

We recently debated if you'd come back to a place for good food but bad service or bad food and great service.
Answer found here - service doesn't win out over bad food.
Too salty.
Ckn tacos were limp greasy tortillas filled with mashed bland chicken - looked like baby food.
Rice dreadful.
Chimichanga the size of a small enchilada.
Do people really wait in line in so phx for this?
Too many good alternatives to come here twice.
And we're usually pretty forgiving...

I've driven past Los Dos Molinos many times and always wanted to go in.
Finally finding the opportunity to try the food, my daughter and I ventured in and found a table.
We were well attended during our visit.
Two salsas arrived at our table -- green and red.
The red is the hotter of the two, and both have substance.
I ordered the green chili enchiladas because green chili is spicier than red chili, and who doesn't like enchiladas.
It came with an egg sunny side up.
I would add an egg to the top of most my meals if I could, so it is nice that I didn't need to place a special request.
My daughter had her usual cheese and bean burrito.
At Los Dos Molinos, it is called a burro.
We both enjoyed our meals.
The restaurant layout invite patrons to return during the warm, but not hot months of the year.
The doors were left open and there is a patio out back for dining and the consumption of alcohol.

My mom is visiting from Alaska and she is a huge fan of Los Dos Molinos so it was a must that we went there to eat.
I love spicy food so I do enjoy this place, but on this visit the harsh reality sunk in that this place is really just average.
Food is good and service is fine but nothing to really make me crave going back again and again.
I always get the adovado ribs which are a bit spicy but good.
I also enjoy their green salsa that comes out with chips as it has some good heat to it.
Overall it's A-OK New Mexican food but I think the novalty has worn off for me now.

Kept trying this place over and over expecting it to get better.
It never did.
How can food be made to order when it arrives at your table in 2 minutes.
The waiters couldn't wait to get us out of there.
It's now off our list.

Came for drinks....
The New Mexican Ass is pretty damn good.

If you are going to serve New Mexican food, then serve it, don't water it down and serve things up like they do in the real state.
I spent a month there and nobody in hell would use a whole Green chile in making the Chile Relleno.
You use either a Poblano or an Aneheim and then cover it in your green chile sauce.
The guy next to us eating his meal was complaining alot about how the sauce wasn't hot at all.
Chips and salsa were free at the bar - they were decent with two salsa's.
Also noticed like another Yelper did that the food comes out like 2 minutes after ordering.
This can only mean one thing, nothing is made to order and that means you can do alot better than the food here.
The fake Chile Relleno was enough to send my running.

Los Dos is the shiz-nittle-SNAP!
Yes it is hot!
DAMN HOT!!!
Folks, this is New Mexican food, not Mexican.
New Mexico is home of the Hatch Chili, which they use... in everything, and not at all sparingly.
YOU WILL FEEL PAIN, especially if you get the green sauce.
Deal with it.. or better yet, love it!
This place is for seasoned, professional, iron tongued, steel stomached, sweating and sniffling half way through your meal, true spice connoisseurs.
Other than Thai restaurants that know what they are doing, and a few places with absolutely crazy suicide wings, you will not find burn like this at any other restaurant.
If you don't want spicy food go to one of the chain restaurants and get your boring Mexican food and go on with your boring life and continue writing boring reviews of flavorless places like Olive Garden or Applebees or Garcia's.
Sorry, had to get that out of my system.
What is really fun is to bring folks or clients here from out of town the say the LOVE spicy food.
"We'll see", I tell them...
They do have some less spicy alternatives, BUT...  Get the Adovada Burrito with Green Sauce and you will see God.
Its a burrito I would punch my mother for.
Tell your wimpy friends to get the sauce on the side, it helps control the heat.

This place is amazing!!!
I crave their food, salsa and margaritas.
It's over an hour round trip from my house and I have been there 3 times this week alone.
Try the shrimp Veracruz or garlic shrimp... Mmmmmmmmmmmmm.
I ordered two extras shrimp Veracruz to-go after dinner just for myself.
I do not know why or how someone could write a bad review: unless you don't like spicy...
They do cook with authentic hatch chilies and it can be quite spicy.
Read the story on the front of the menu then order: they cook everything from scratch.
Margaritas are one of kind and they use a better tequila and keep in mind this is not chain.

My favorite Mexican food in Phoenix.
Blue corn chicken enchilada green sauce

It's the best NEW MEXICAN food in the world at this moment in time.
I travel for work regularly to Albuquerque, Santa Fe, Taos, Pajuaque, Las Vegas NM, and all the other Meccas and I grew up in Grants.
Right now, at this location they are killing it for authentic!
It's not for everyone granted its really not for kids, families, or gringo girls and chicken tacos, it's for red chile sauceophiles and pork.
I have taken dozens of NM relatives and they agree to a person it's the best they've had in years!
I'd probably die without it.

OMG, why haven't I been to Los Dos Molinos sooner?
I have been to the location down on Central & Baseline YEARS ago but with this new location opening about a year ago, I was excited to try it again.
I am so bummed that I didn't try it sooner.
It ended up on our "list of places to go before we move" and now I wish that we had been going here more often.
We walk in, the atmospher is really charming.
It's set up kind of like a "cantina" maybe?
Clean, nicely decorated and just a charming resturant overall.
They have a bar area you can sit in or they also have some dinning rooms off the bar and then some additional seating outside.
It was a bit warm out still so we opted for inside.
First round comes the chips & salsa.
You get Hot & Hotter.
If you're sensitive to spicy food, this might not be the place for you.
That being siad, their salsas are so flavorful and I crave it just as I am writing this!
Our server was really friendly and noticably attentative as were the other employees.
You never waited for anything.
It was busy too, so the service in my oppinion was fantastic for the amount of other tables.
I ordered the Chimi with red sauce.
It was so yummy and it had a kick to it as well.
This rivals Ajo Al's for sure.
If you want good mexican food and a nice evening out, this is your place!

I give this place 3.5-4 stars.
We went there last night wanting very spicy food.
We were seated right away.
The restaurant has nice fun decor.
We got our chips and salsa very quickly.
The salsa was the spiciest sales we have had at a restaurant.
It was vey good and flavorful.
We also ordered guac.
It was so tasty.
I loved every bite of it.
My husband asked the waiter what the spiciest dish was and he recommended adovado enchiladas.
I got red chile cheese enchiladas.
I was so scared they were going to be spicy so I ordered sour cream as a chaser.
I also ordered a house margarita.
The baby got a side of beans for her second dinner.
The food was very good.
It had nice flavor and was very tasty.
It didn't live up to the spicy hype.
I had no problems eating mine.
I didn't even need water.
It was still good but I was on a spicy mission and wanted my husband to sweat.
He still enjoyed his meal and said he would go back.
Maybe we went on an off spicy night?
Not sure but our search continues for spicy food...
Overall good food, decent service, tasty chips (I wish they were endless though)

You like rellenos?
You like spicy?
Los Dos has THE dish for you.
The adovada relleno is a must try.
Not for those afraid of a little heat though so beware!

I literally dream of the enchilada dinner plate.
Their spice game is on point, the owner, Drew, is absolutely the best and the bartender, Hector, is always friendly and awesome.
Last time he recommended I try their sangria/margarita combo.. All I can say is yes, please and can I have another.
This place will not disappoint!

First time visit for lunch.
Enchilada plate was tasty.
Lunch time parking.
Service was a little slow but once order in it went pretty quick and the waitress was super nice.
Wil be going back for a dinner.

Went there for lunch today.
Food was good (at least the portion that made it to me!
), but when the server handed me my plate, he let go of it before I had it (he was reaching across the table from the other side) and he spilt the guacamole and sour cream onto my shirt and pants.
Thankfully I caught the rest of the plate before it all slid off.
He stood there for a moment looking at me and then just continued serving food and walked away as if nothing happened!
Thankfully the people I was with gave me some extra napkins they had.
Wiped it up as best I could and hopefully it'll come out in the laundry at home.
Needless to say I'm not impressed by the service.

Loved this place.
My son had been telling me about this great New Mexican place he had eaten at.
Finally went with him last weekend.
I will be back!
Just really good homemade food.
A little hot and spicy.
Thats a good thing though.
Had the pork buritto with red and green sauce.
Really, really good.
The beans were beans.
Not mush.
Very tastee.
Great staff.
Ate at the bar.
The bartender was great, serving me an ice cold Modelo draft.
Highly recommend if you like our food spicy.

Quick update.
I've been coming here at least once a month for the past 6 months.
Quality and consistancy are amazing.
The adovada is heavenly and seriously addictive.
See original review for thoughts on spice level.

The entire experience was a giant "Meh" all around.
We reserved a table for six and were squished around a table for four.
It's wasn't terrible but it would behoove a dining establishment to make it larger-group-friendly.
The happy hour house margaritas were okay.
They tasted pretty watered down.
We ordered a pitcher later (at full price, of course) and it tasted better.
That's major points lost for me - an inferior happy hour version or Restaurant Week version does not inspire me to return.
Service was extremely slow although to their credit, it does say they're slow on the menu so they get points for honesty.
One of my dining companions noted that the menu says they charge $1 for a refill on chips.
That's a sad excuse for a Mexican joint in my opinion.
My food was spicy but just okay.
I got the feeling they cover up the average-ness of the food with a lot of spice.
It felt like one of those places where they nickel-and-dime you for everything.
I expect that at fast food restaurants but for a sit-down meal?
Where we would have likely lingered and spent money?
No thank you.

This location is much cuter and has more character than the Mesa Location on Alma School Rd.
The staff are friendly & attentive!
The chile rellenos are delicious and their salsas are very spicy & flavorful!
Love this place!

I thought it was pretty good - I wished that I had known that the chicken was light and dark meat - I would've chosen something different, had I known....

I didn't see what the hype was about with this place.
Food was ok.  Service wasn't the best.
The waiter was upset we asked for separate checks... Not very friendly and he could not add everything properly.
This place is ok but not the best.

So awesome I had to go back for a second night!
The food is super, spicy, but not so spicy that you lose the full on flavor.
I can't wait to get back to Phoenix so I can go back.

I love this place.
Authentic New Mexican style food with a fun vibe.
My favorite dishes are the red and green "christmas" chicken enchiladas, green chili stew (perfect for when it's cold outside!
) and bean + cheese burro with green on top!
I've never had a bad experience, and the margs are seriously awesome!
Plus the bar tender is pretty hot ;)

Food was OK+.
There are much better alternatives than this place.
Service was very good.
Food was HOT, which I expected and usually like, but the spiciness of the food wiped out the flavor.

I went here last night with my man and a friend because our friend likes spicy food.
The last time we were here even the beans were spicy so we thought we'd take him to try it out.
You get seated and they give you glasses and a pitcher of water right away.
I figure they do this because they know you'll be crying for water very shortly once you try the salsa.
Let me tell you, the salsa is hot!
Both the red and green are hot.
The chips are thin, warm and crispy.
The service was great.
They were right on top of things and kept our drinks full and our chip bowl stocked.
I ordered a taco, tostada and beans (no rice).
I expected the beans to be your typical refried beans with a kick but these were whole beans.
They were okay but I prefer the typical style.
These beans were not spicy at all.
I was kind of relieved because my mouth was burning from the salsa.
The tostada was very tasty once I got the extra cheese I ordered.
The taco, unfortunately, was nothing to write home about, and that's a bummer because tacos are my favorite.
I am not a fan of their beef for their tacos.
I like shredded beef and this was more like a juicy ground beef.
Not a deal breaker but I would love to have shredded beef as an option.
Our friend ordered a Mexican pizza and it was huge.
It used the same ground beef that they put in the tacos so it was just alright to me.
It was an ample serving though so this place gets points for that.
My friend didn't think any of the food was that spicy but he buys all the weird hot sauces on the market so I'm thinking he is desensitized.
This place is A-OK to me.
The service was very fast on a Tuesday night.
Maybe I should have ordered the more spicy items for my meal but I don't think my tongue could have handled it, LOL.
It's definitely worth a try but I will be sticking with my regular Mexican food spot.

Mmmmmm....   Roasted Pork Green Chili Burrito!
Literally as long as my forearm and totally tasty.
I hadn't been here since they moved from their downtown location, and think the new location lacks some of the funkiness that made the old location a hit.
I definitely can't complain though, because the new place is much closer to my neck of the woods.
I can't figure out the parking though, there is not much of it, and the alley to the rear of the building is a bit narrow.
I was a little concerned about leaving my car back there even in the middle of the day.
Also, there is another lot that I saw customers parking in, but it is surrounded with barbed wire and clearly states that the parking area is owned by the car dealership not the restaurant and that violators will be towed.
Food is great though...  Just wished I was driving a rental.

After living in AZ for almost 6 years, I finally made it to Los Dos.
It was worth the wait.
The salsa that comes with the chips is as hot as everyone says it is.
My Wife and I had no problem with the staff.
Everyone was helpful and our drinks and chips were never empty for more than a minute.
Our dinners were great.
I had the Green Chili Beef Plate and my Wife had the 2 taco combo.
We both enjoyed everything.
I plan on coming back.

The only thing that this Los Dos Molinos has in common with the Los Dos Molinos in Ahwatukee is the name.
The decor in this location is far more upscale - like a day at the ranch meets Dia de Muertos.
We sat at a nice table in the back and immediately received a basket of fresh chips with green and red "holy f#%k that is hot" salsa.
The other location served us bag chips but with a lot more palatable salsa.
To make a direct comparison between locations I ordered the exact same thing, a chicken burro with a side of rice.
The difference was huge, literally.
The burro I received in Ahwatukee was the size of a swaddled baby whereas this one was at a minimum half the size.
It was still a big enough portion for a typical adult, but I sure didn't need a doggy bag.
My rice on the side was over cooked and crunchy.
Because the salsa was so unnecessarily hot I did not want to use it on my food even though it kind of needed it.
My husband's adovada ribs were delicious but he did not receive too much meat on his plate.
We ended the meal with some sopapillas which were quite tasty.
Service was extraordinarily attentive at times but then we went through periods of being ignored.
I am not sure that this place is worth a revisit.
2.5 stars.

We sat at the bar and had a great time.
The food was amazing!!
Had the grande burrito....
So good.
Try the skinny margarita... You won't be disappointed.
Great place to visit!

Meh.
Average quality overpriced.
Not a fan.

Enchiladas were amazing.
Breathing fire but totally worth it.
Skinny margarita cools the flame.

So the bartender was amazing.
Didn't get her name but Amazing.
But to the owner, please get away from the Pre Made Margaritas.
They tasted like Lime Gatorade and tequila.
And way over priced for a pre made drink.
We always look for local areas for great food and drinks but a little disappointed.
50 dollars for 4 drinks and one app.
Sorry but a one time deal for us.

Here's the thing.... You can feel the quality of the meat in each bite and you can taste a hint of a yummy marinade here and there but they really overdid the spicy thing here.
Spicy is an understatement.
I like spicy food, but you can take a crappy burrito and add original spicy salsa to it and it could taste decent.
But why do this to amazingly thoughtful Mexican food?
I think thy should take it down a notch so you can truly enjoy the quality of the tastes that they have masked in their tender meats and marinades.
I would have given it 5 stars with the ambiance and grub but, unfortunately 3 for now.
Ps service is great.
Love that there are all different ages doing there too.

This place don't even deserve one star especially for the BEEF Chile so called burritos and beef tacos is what I order, I have been to many Mexican food restaurants, Bravo's, and Carolinas on Mohave St are very good restaurant in Phoenix ...
This restaurant food is not good point blank, especially the burrito and taco full of lard and grease meat look like its too smash up, no chile sauce what so ever, waste my MONEY.
Will never ever go back.
Dog Pound meat.
Diarrhea and stomached burning...Thought in the neighborhood restaurant would be a good ideal, NOT.
It's dark in there for reason.
Health Department should pay a visit.

This place is the shiz, and we are so happy to have one right down the street from our humble abode.
Definitely New Mexican cuisine with green and red chile on pretty much everything.
I usually opt for the green chili cheese enchiladas, which have a awesomely spicy sauce, fresh thick corn tortilla and a fried huevo as the icing on the cake...so good!
Of course comes with rice and beans and is a healthy portion for the price.
Chips and salsa are superb and we debate each visit which is spicier, the red or the green.
I see a few bad-mediocre reviews of this place on Yelp and fools be trippin!
If you want spicy Mexican food, look no further than Los Dos Molinos, you won't be disappointed.

very disappointed in this place.
I went there last night with my wife and son.
we asked if they could add a scrambled egg inside my sons beef burrito.
We were told no because they were too busy in the kitchen.
I asked for the manager who came to the table.
I explained the situation and he says "nope we're just not set up for that.
"  I asked why is it any different than putting egg on top of an enchilada?
He responded with "You should know we just don't do that.
"  And walked away.......needless to say the food could have been the best on the planet but my experience was over.
BTW, the food was mediocre at best.
They make it super hot to simulate New Mexican food.
I'm from New Mexico and it was nothing like the food there.
Lastly I ordered the red chili ribs.
They were not ribs.
it was just a plate full of carne adovada that had been cooked in a pot.
Unfortunately I will not be back mainly due to the managers lack of interest in being helpful.

Was excited to come to his location as I had a frat experience with the South Phoenix location but was disappointed early.
Our waiter was not friendly (said we can't have one soft shell and one hard shell on taco platter), didn't care we were there (didn't check on us until we were done w meal), and just have me a bad feel for this location where I won't go back.
Nice job!

The food was amazing but the service was absolutely terrible.
It took us about 15 minutes to get our drink order in and we didn't see our waiter for 30 minutes after he delivered our food.
If you love spicy food, come here but be prepared for terrible service.

Last Saturday I had a delirious craving for Southwest food.
Not Mexican ~ Southwest.
My partner and I drove from Wildlife World Zoo in Litchfield Park to downtown Phoenix and then in a 20 mile radius looking for a Southwest restaurant but couldn't find one.
We finally found one, by accident, four days later on Camelback Road.
Los Dos Molinos is everything I was craving and then some.
The atmosphere is fantastic, the service is excellent, and the food is orgasmic.
If you want authentic Southwest food of the highest quality, at the absolute peak of freshness, this is the place in Phoenix to go.
I've lived here for 15 years and this is the only authentic Southwest restaurant I've found so far.
Wish I had found it a lot sooner!
If you're looking for typical Mexican food you'll be disappointed because this isn't that.
There are hundreds of places in Phoenix for that.
This is NM style made with Hatch Chilies.

One of my favorite restaurants.
We've been going to these restaurants for 20 years.
I even asked my wife to marry me there.
They always treat us like family.
It is one of those places that we crave.
Great food great service friendly people wonderful salsa we love it love it love it!

Hostess was snooty & seemed to be bothered to seat us.
Server was nice, but seriously not attentive had to keep waving our hands to try to get a refill.
It was not even busy.
The food was a small portion for that price $14.95 each plate.
It was just super hot could not even taste any seasonings.
Just had a burning mouth.
Couldn't believe that we were charged $1.50 per tortilla.
You only get 1 tortilla with the meal.
Server should of mention the extra fee per tortilla.
Will not go there again!!

I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their adovado ribs!
My husband and I have been going here for years.
Love their new location.
Much nicer patio area.
I read on one of the reviews here that they use pre-made margarita mix, which is funny; I happen to love their margaritas.
Why not a 5-star rating, you ask, if I love so much about this restaurant.
Their service is sometimes great, sometimes good, and sometimes a bit below average.
Service isn't their strongest suit but since I go for the hot, spicy food, I consistently forgive their occasional inattentiveness:-)

I had been hearing of this place forever and finally had the opportunity to check it out - definitely glad I did!
The food is very authentic, but a bit heavy for my liking.
The queso dip was lack luster, but the rest was good.

Good food, beautiful atmosphere, and great service.
The salsa leaves your mouth all tingly.

Everything I have ever had here is delicious.
Margaritas will bite you and so can the food.
Number 6 is awesome.
The staff is the best.
Great people great times.
Some like it hot!

I love this place and come here every time I fly into town from Seattle.
The food is blazing hot and I mean from the peppers.
The tamales are absolutely amazing and the adobe pork and ribs are as good as you will ever experience.
There is truly nothing like this place.

I was privileged enough to have dinner here the other night for a group birthday party.
I must admit that the food was exceptional.
I grew up eating homemade Mexican food, so I'm already pretty picky when it comes to that type of cuisine.
Los Dos surprised me with their New Mexican style Mexican food.
Nice and spicy is the way I like to eat my Mexican food and they delivered just that.
Great atmosphere and friendly staff.
This will be one of my spots to indulge when I get my homemade Mexican food craving.

I would have given this place 4 stars just based on the food, but the customer service was absolutely horrible today.
In addition they thought our party didn't pay enough when in fact we actually paid and left the waitress a tip.
they really need to learn how to use a calculator or update their point of sale system.
Don't get me wrong the food is delicious, this experience cemented that we will never visit this location ever!

They were open for Cinco de Mayo, very understaffed!
Especially for Cinco!
It took FOREVER TO EVEN GET WATER.
Our friends had arrived 45 minutes earlier and had just gotten their margaritas.
So my husband and I ordered ours, 15 minutes passed, nothing, 20, 25, 30 minutes and counting.
We finally were able to flag a server down and he was like "oh your drinks should be waiting, they are probably at the bar waiting right now.
" We said "no thanks, can we just get the checks please?
" Absolutely terrible service, but they were extremely understaffed.

Cinco de Mayo - lunch on a  Monday.
Since they're closed Mondays - figured a great time to take advantage.
Well - it was good... but there are a LOT of good Mexican restaurants around here.
Nothing spectacular.
Both ordered dishes that included the Adovada ... it was hot - and I like hot.
But so much so that you really couldn't taste anything other than heat.
Oh well.
Next.

I am from New Mexico and I really miss the food so I was really happy to see a sign that said "New Mexico Cuisine".
This is false advertisement.
Just cause you use Hatch chile does not make it New Mexico cuisine.
And lets be serious, how can you charge $14.00 for beans and rice and for salsa that is to hot to eat.
I have more, they dont have a kids menu so you have to buy sides that are over priced.. My niece ordered a $6.00 tostada that literally had 5 beans and a mountain of lettuce.
I will stick with Filabertos.... they are cheaper and give bigger portions.

So excellent!
True to form authentic Mexican food with a lively, cool vibe to boot.
Service and food are outstanding.
Super spicy everything.....Highly recommend!

Where do I start?
Been coming here for 6 years now, tried everything on the menu, great staff, no nonsense attitude, hot as balls food, amazing flavors, homemade everything!
Roast pork, machacha and the guacamole... my god, the guacamole is amaxong"

Too noisy and dark more of a bar then a restaurant ambiance; Nothing of extra ordinary , and on the more pricy of your average Mexican food.
Just extra spicy .
Be aware --- They nickel and dime if you ask for extra tortilla chips or tortillas served with your plate.

Went at noon on a Saturday, the place was empty.
We ordered a ground beef burrito, smothered and a chicken chimichanga, and 2 cokes.the burrito came without any accompaniments like rice or beans.
Food was ok, but bill was $38, really?
The original bill came back at $70 and had to get the waiter to fix it.
Would love to love this place but its ordinary at best and way over priced.
Arribas up the street is better quality(hatch green chili) and much better value so I'll go that way next time.

Good service, cold beer .
But this is not New Mexican food, at least not from the part of New Mexico I am familiar with (Albuquerque /Santa Fe).Very very noisy.

First time here and so underwhelmed.
Haven't been to the original location in years but with all the other exotic Mexican restaurants in the area I will not be back.
Ordered the shrimp Veracruz (blech) watery sauce and cheese looked horrible!
Not filling either.
Kick ass margs taste like laundry detergent.
So sorry to report this place is a total disappointment.

We , family and friend Celebrate Cinco de Mayo there every year!
Have a BLAST the Margs are Kick Ass .... Food, drinks, service....the BEST!!
Its tradition now to celebrate  Cinco yearly!

Excellent food - authentic New Mexico Mexican food.
Always consistent and delicious.
Service with a smile - the bartenders and wait staff are all friendly and attentive.
Absolutely my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.

Decided to try this place out since they got rated as the top 25 burritos in the country.
So let's just start with that!
I had the grande burro...excellent!
It is really one of the best I have had.
I chose the ground beef and it was really good.
The beans are very tasty also!
So the food can stand on its own.
It is good quality and tastes good.
So the part that stopped me from giving this place a great rating is a few things.
One, the service was not spectacular in any way.
Two, margaritas were not very good.
They were strong but the taste was just off.
Three, the place was hot as hell!
Everyone in there was sweating.
So I will be back for the food...but maybe once the weather cools down!

Walked in and the place seemed cool, super busy on a Tuesday which is indicative of good food.
So service was stretched and  they knew it.
,We've all been there and it happens, especially at popular places.
Margarita was nothing special, but MASSIVE.
The hair in my carnitas was special haha.
It happens and its not worth blasting but they could be SOOO muchbetter if they tried.

My husband and I are here most Friday nights.
The food and service are amazing.
We have been to a few of the other LDM and this is our favorite.
Tacos are amazing, enchilada outstanding and my husband says the posole is the closest he has found to what he had growing up.
I have tried most everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet.
Ohh!!
If you are under the weather MUST HAVE green chile chicken stew.

Having spent time in New Mexico visiting family, coming here for green chile is like being in NM itself.
A little pricey, but amazing food.

It's quite easy to make something hot.
The trick is to make it flavorful and hot.
Los Dos Molinos only knows hot.
They have no idea about flavor.
End of story.

Everything is Delicious!
Old favorite is adovado burro... New favorite is Victoria's chicken!
Taco salad with chicken is also delicious.
You have choice to add any meat to your taco salad.
If u r not into spicy foods...get a salad!
Green and red sauces are both hot.
House margaritas are big and lethal!
Can't taste the alcohol but sure do feel it!
At happy hour they are $4 (half price).
3-6 week days I think.

