5 stars for opening!
We have been watching the building change from Chueys to Uncle Bears and were excited to see it open today!!
Minus 2 stars because it was a small opening.
If we didn't drive by, we would have never known.
Overall it's a great place, great food.
Cant even tell what was there before.
Try to go in before the rest of the West Side knows they are open.
2 stars back for the overall experience from entrance, food, service and exit.
For a total of 5 stars.
Not many places get 5 stars för me.
;)   The line was short, the staff was courteous.
Which I LOVE!
Nothing is worse than a new restrauant and the staff is impatient.
Some of us need a little extra time to read the menu.
Excited to have a new place to eat in Surprise.
give them a try.

If you want a place that has an extensive food and drink menu, with a lot of TV's, then this is the place!
We just went here last night and it was great!
Milkshakes were thick, lots of beer on tap, and the queso dip was AWEEESSSOMMMEEE!
LOVE this place.

I used to live in the east valley, right around the corner from Uncle Bears, which then changed to Tio Oso's and even then I still loved it.
We moved to Glendale last year and never really found my replacement for Uncle Bears.
Well that was until yesterday as my wife and I were sitting at lunch when she checked her e-mail on her phone and saw that Uncle Bears opened in Surprise...we immediately knew what was for dinner.
We went last night.
As soon as we walked in it felt like home.
The peanuts on the floor, the walls were sparse but we plan on bringing a few photos of our pooches to add next time we're there which will probably be next week because well, we love Uncle Bears.
The Jalapeño Popper appetizer is a good way to start the evening.
They are some of the best poppers I've had.
Next was by far the best item on the menu.
I cannot stress this enough if you are thinking of going to Uncle Bears and you're not sure what to order I will make things very simple, The Prime Rib Sliders.
Granted I've only eaten at this location once but I've had most of the menu from the other locations.
Rib Basket appetizer is a great meal.
The Texas Queso fajitas are awesome.
The blackened Shrimp Tacos really good.
The Carnivore Pizza excellent(even though we get it without ham).
The Nachos are tostada style so you get nachos with everything on each chip.
The burgers are always good and if you really feel like you want dessert then go for the bears cookie and cream sundae since  ice cream on top of a fresh baked cookie.
And I didn't mention the beer...They have great beers on tap and I will drink a lot of it.
West Valley people please be thankful the best bar food in the valley has arrived to our side be happy, be excited, lets keep place open and full all the time.
I also forgot to mention we brought our 4 month old and she wasn't the only baby in the place.
Not only is this a great bar with great food but it's also a great family restaurant.

The server bree was great the manager need to give her a raise but great food  clean bathrooms and restauant is clean so I give it a 12 out of 12 and if you go see Bree she is great

Went here on Monday for lunch, dont really see where all the hype is coming from.
I had the prime rib sliders and my lunch date had the meatballs.
We both agreed that the food was good, but nothing to write home about.
I really didn't see anything on the menu that I just have to try, so I doubt that I'll be going back.
Seems to be a lot of good reviews here, but I just don't see it.
The inside was nice, I could tell that a lot of work had been done to change it over from being Chuys.

Took our dog to the doctors at Bansfield.
Was hungry when we left the house and always have wanted to try Uncle Bears, which is in the same parking lot.
First good thing is the patio is pet friendly!
I enjoyed it when the previous establishment was Chuy's.
So Uncle Bears continued the pet friendly patio.
However I am not a big fan of the eat your peanuts and throw them on the floor.
But the good thing is you can not take the peanuts onto the patio!
So I ordered the prime rib sliders w/fries, I thought this was really great!
Comes with four large sliders stuffed with caramelized onions, cheese, and thinly sliced prime rib!
Folks!
These are large sliders!
Even though I would like to try something else next time.
I am the type once I find something I enjoy at a restaurant I always get that item!!
I will come back!

Nice sports bar atmosphere, plenty of TVs for football season.
The foods pretty good but a bit on the expensive side for what you get.
Prime rib sliders are great and run around 9 bucks.
The blackened chicken salad was over priced and was basically iceberg lettuce with chicken  on top, skip it.
Happy hour needs some work as the prices are not at all great and  we weren't very happy about the "discounts" for happy hour.
Service needs some help.

Again ,let me start by saying I am in the restaurant business.
Uncle Bears is a cute idea gone wrong.
The concept is lost....what is Uncle Bears ?
A sports bar, A pet friendly family restaurant?
An offshoot of an often repeated some kind of something with no identity?
I am not sure what it is.
I am sure that the food is HORRIBLE.
Just garbage....The taste reflects the quality....HORRENDOUS.
Enough said on the food.
Ambience.......HUH ?
I along with all 4 of my dining companions were totally confused as to what they were trying to do.
In addition, we all thought it was a "hollow" feeling in the restaurant.
It just doesn't work.
It is a cross between several ideas that do not go together at all.
Price point is 3 steps above the quality of food being served.
Alot of other reviews state precisely this.
The price is an insult to those of us that know better.
If you don't know better ...enjoy.
But enjoy soon the doors will be closing.

The pulled pork sliders are awesome!
Decor is a little cheesy with the dog theme, but its fun.

They just opened up in Surprise, My wife and I thought that we would give it a try.
We walked in and there was only one other couple there and it took about 3min for them to decide what table we were gonna sit in and who was gonna serve us.
We sat down and noticed all of the dog pictures, kind of weird.
The girl that was serving us never introduced herself, so have no idea what to call her.
We told her this was our first time but she did not recommend anything.
The cheddar fries were good and that was it.
I could see the cooks in the back eating while preparing food.
The staff were just standing and joking around.
I only got one drink refill.
It took about 15min for the server to come back and take our order.
I ordered the chicken fried steak and it tasted like it came from mcdonalds and I only ate about 25% of it.
My wife had the turkey and avocado sandwich and she only ate a couple of bites.
She said it tasted dry and the avocado was bad.
After the table was cleared of plates it took about another 5-10min for the check to arrive.
We will not be going back here again.

Been here three times now, the food is pretty good...
Trying to taste a variety.
Service has sucked every time.
Today, she took my leftover wings and put a dirty plate on them before I could mention I wanted a box... she should have asked if I wanted a box.
For lunch they really should speed things up a bit.
Seems the waitresses disappear in the kitchen entirely too long.

Went there on Friday night for family dinner and it was just okay...food was overpriced and the service was terrible.
I was nice and tipped our server though he didn't deserve it cause he really didn't provide any service other than taking our order and bringing our drinks.
This will definitely be the first and last time we go there.
We always try to help out local businesses out but it's really hard sometimes...really bummed about this place.

I'm torn!!!
I've been going back and forth between 2 to 3 stars.
Survey says...
I'm sticking with 2 stars.
The ambiance, cute and playful.
If you love dogs, you'll appreciate the dog pictures and dog bowls filled with peanuts on the table.
Overall experience, I can't say it was great.
It was my first time going there (note: it wasn't even busy) and the server was too busy to bring us water, beer, and napkins.
The other server brought out our food and drinks.
The food wasn't the greatest, McDonald's would have been a better choice.
Hopefully, things will be better next time.
The good news is after my dining experience or lack of, I wrote the manager and he was very responsive.
He said he will speak to the staff and make sure the food quality improves.
Hopefully he will follow through.

Oh my!!
This place is wonderful!
Had breakfast there and the chicken fried steak with sausage gravy is just like what Granny made back in the olden days.
After I woke up from my carb induced coma- I realized they had football on the big screens!

The whole dog theme for a restaurant is bizarre!
Peanuts in a dog bowl, dog bone shaped tables, dog related stuff on the walls, but what really killed it for me were the pictures of dogs on the menu.
I love dogs, but I don't want to be looking at them  when I'm browsing my menu.
The first thing that pops into my head is dog hair,  dog breathe, and poop....eew!
The servers are SLOW, don't know the menu and specials, and are not the friendliest.
The menu is all over the map.
My impression was that this is an "American Grill", but you can order burgers, sliders, Mexican, pasta, and even pizza too....WTH?
The only positive thing I have to say about this place is that they have a cool patio with nice fire pits.
So unless you're just looking to have a drink and hang out by the fire, stay away from this place.
I used to frequent the Chuy's that was at this location, and that was fun and yummy!
If you want dogs and want to be playful, take it to the dog park, not the restaurant.

Very good service and great fun for the whole family!

This place had me at "Woof.
" I'm being "serial.
" There are dog bone shaped tables topped with dog bowls filled with peanuts with shells that can be discarded with on the floor.
If you bring a 8 x 10 black framed photo of your pooch, they will adorn one of their walls with that photo.
How cute is that?
This is my kind of laid back place!
The patio outside is large and very inviting.
There are large cushioned iron furniture covering the patio.
One of the corners held a tall fireplace with surrounding couches.
I could definitely see this place being good for a happy hour hang out after work.
My co-workers and I came here for one of our lunch breaks.
We only had an hour and were short on time.
Two of my friends shared a fajita salad.
Others ordered the mini pizzas.
The mini pizzas looked like those Lean Cuisine microwave pizzas in size and appearance, but they tasted pretty good.
I, myself, ordered a sizzling beef fajita platter.
It was very similar to the one that you'd get at Chilis.
The beef was very tender and not chewy at all.
I really enjoyed my meal.
We were all very stressed though, because we got there at 1pm and didn't get our food until 1:40pm, so we basically had to scarf our food down in 10 minutes to give us 10 minutes to drive back to our office.
I just didn't understand the wait because the place wasn't crowded much at all.
Only 3 or 4 tables at the entire large restaurant seemed to be occupied.
I still like the setting though, so we will be back.
Maybe we just need to make sure we have more time next time though, so we don't have to stress so much.
...Or maybe it's a sign that we should just come for happy hour instead?

Went on a Saturday afternoon because you can take the dog and sit outside.
15 minutes from receiving a menu to ordering.
30 minutes to get 2 salads and 2 burgers which were lukewarm.
Another 15 minutes just to settle the bill.
I don't know if it is lack of staff or ll bad management but a quick bite to eat took over 2 hours.
I will not be returning.

I was really in the mood for pizza and wings so we thought we would try a new place.
I will not return.
We ended up sending back the pizza because it wasn't good.
It had a burnt carbon taste to it even though it wasn't burnt.
The wings were ok.
I wasn't impressed over all.
Service was good and so were the drinks.

Been here a few times.
Family friendly place with great food.
All fresh and all super tasty!
Have not had a bad meal yet and the beers are always awesome!
I feel very comfortable at this place and have no complaints.

We took both of our dogs here after a vet appointment and it was pretty awesome.
The service was pretty slow but since we weren't in a hurry it wasn't that big of a deal.
Our waiter Billy was awesome and very knowledgeable about what the restaurant had to offer.
He saved us 15% on our bill!
The atmosphere is very friendly and relaxed.
We sat outside (because we had the dogs) and it was very nice, could have used some misters though.
Everyone there customers and staff were really friendly.

my husband and I sat for 30 minutes without being waited on while waitresses and waiters stood around talking to each other.
This is the 3rd bad service experience.
Will never go back

The great thing about Uncle Bear's is tha dogs are the theme and real dogs are allowed!!
The other great thing is that Uncle Bear's supports local dog charities and gives back to the community!!
Yes, the food and the ambience is great, which is very rare for the Surprise restaurant community, so I say 5 woofs all around!!!

My favorite bar and grill in Surprise!
Absolutely love the staff!
Food is very good!
Love the blackened chicken sliders!
Oh and love places that give you peanuts and you throw the shells on the floor.
Very nice patio!

The food and the service was really good.
Best burgers in town.
The stuff very was friendly.

Too inconsistant.
It is either really good or just blah

Came here on a Saturday morning.
Our waiter Mike was excellent.
Very attentive to our needs and brought me refills without asking.
The breakfast was excellent.
I had the country steak and eggs.
The gravy was amazing.
Everything tasted fresh.
I love that this place is dog friendly on the patio.
We bring our two pitbulls here often and the staff take good care of them keeping their water bowls full.

Appetizers are ok but I go for the drink happy hour.
Great prices and every server I have had there was friendly and courteous and attentive.
I'd go here just for the servers.

This was not the first time we've been here, we usually have great service and the food is usually great too.
However this last time we went we had to walk out!
They sat us outside like we asked, then we ended up waiting at least 15 minutes just for our server to take our drink order, which she never did so that's when we walked out.
She didn't come running to us until she saw us leaving, too late!
There was no excuse for her ignoring us, 3 different groups of people came after us, sat in a different section outside, and their server was on it!
Too bad we did not get that server :(  So we left and went down the street to Red Robin, much better service!

I, too, have been to Bears several times and had good service and good food.
This last time, 10/27/2013, I sat outside as usual.
I sat there for several minutes and was ignored by both a waiter and a waitress.
I then noticed a "reserved" paper on the table and figured that they were waiting on the rest of the party to arrive.
I stood up to one side and waited for someone to notice me and seat me.
I was ignored by two more waitresses and ended up walking out.
I will probably go back because the patio is dog friendly, but this experience really spoiled it for me.

The food was blah.
We had wings with no flavor.
Ribs and pork plate was too sweet and tough.
With a dollop of cole slaw.
The prime rib sliders were ok.
They had to be eaten with the au jus or they would have been totally gross.
The waiter was not helpful and slow.
We won't be back.
Sad

What can you say about place that encourages throwing food waste on the floor and allows dogs.
The furnishings are a little awkward.
I felt like I was in some warped combination of Petsmart and a children's play center.
Service was good.
I had the prime rib sliders, they were ok but not good enough to risk having a wind come through and put dog hair in my food.
I had their wheat ale-it was pretty decent.
I doubt I would return, but if someone I knew really really wanted to go there I would go.

Came here for happy hour with my work.
They were not super crowded, but seemed understaffed.
Our server seemed harried and did not come around much.
We practically had to trip her to get her attention .
Food was ok, I enjoy the turkey melt and their hush puppies are awesome!
Was loud as it got crowded and pretty cramped.
Would go back but not a first choice.

Was really hoping for a better experience.
Once we walked in, we noticed there weren't a lot of people for a Saturday afternoon and college football.
We liked the idea of a dog theme, and the peanuts in dog bowls.
We really were disappointed that our waiter had no idea of what beer was available, which resulted in my having to order a different beer 3 times because it turned out the beer wasn't available.
I commented to our waiter that the manager needs to do a better job in having the opening meeting to outline the beer selection so the waitstaff are prepared and don't look like fools to their customers...and the waiter agreed.
Never saw the manager making rounds.
The chicken wings were just average and I have to say the Thai peanut sauce is too thick and pasty.
We drank our one beer each and had a few wings and left.
I don't foresee us going back, too bad.

There are ups and downs to this place.
The food is on the fence.
Their cookie dessert is amazing but their barbeque.. Not so much.
Also the atmosphere gives a mixed message of outdoors and busy versus inside and relaxed.
And lastly the cleanliness of the whole place is not so good.
I found a bug on my table and they make you throw food on the ground.

It's simple, something has changed since they have opened.
I went there on the 26th and the hostess was so friendly and that gets a 5 star rating but from there it all goes down hill!
The wait staff is not great, the cook puts food up too soon before the other food is ready making it so the fries come out cold and then you need a do over and the prime rib sliders are shaved now so they can throw the fat in there.
It was so disgusting.
I have to admit I am picky so I took them home to my husband and fellow yelpers HE DID NOT EAT THEM enough said, THIS MAN EATS EVERYTHING!!!
NEVER AGAIN!!

Our night at Uncle Bear's started out pretty well.
We drove like 25 minutes to get to this location because we were craving the nachos and ice cold beer.
The beer was cold and the nachos were tasty.
We ordered dessert and then everything went downhill.
The cookie was cold and rock hard, and the ice cream was so hard it seemed like it had been in the freezer for months.
My husband and I were talking amongst ourselves and the bartender starting talking with us.
Everything was fine until he started saying things that were quite insulting to both my husband and I.
My husband was so annoyed and angry that he didn't even want to tip the guy.
I did, even though he was very rude and made our experience an unpleasant one.
Note to bartenders: don't piss off the patrons because it makes your wallet a whole lot lighter.
We will not be returning to this location purely because of the unpleasant service.

We are always looking for some place new to try on the west side of town.
Stopped in on Sunday, 1/12/14 - probably won't be stopping in again.
Waitress never showed up for about 15 min.
They sent the bus girl over with a rag and spray bottle (twice) to see what we wanted.
She tried but had no clue.
We had a coupon and that really confused them.
Ordered a Guiness and sent it back - yuck- watered down or something.
Food was just OK.
Many seats in the place were open - we sat in a quiet corner - then a large family of 6 with very young kids had to be seated right next to us....why?
with so many tables open?
Ladies room was out of TP - Sorry - nothing good to say today.

We have been coming here since they opened up in 2012.
Service seems to have gotten better, but I still try to avoid this place during football games.
Service tends to be a lot slower during game day.
However we still love coming here, we always bring our pet here with us.
Food is great, and very affordable.
But we just heard they will be changing their menu soon!
Going more to the menu they have with the Uncle Bear's Brew menu?
That means, prices will be going up as well.
Hope they don't change to much, would be sad if we would have to look for another pet friendly restaurant.
Until then, this is still one of our favorites!

We were excited to go to a dog friendly place but had no idea that we would have to wait forever for us or our dog to eat.
The food was okay.
The service was horrible.
If I go back I hope I don't get the same waitress.
They really need to work on getting better servers, it was ridiculous.
If you advertise that you are dog friendly and you have dog food options maybe you want to have that in stock.
They didn't have anything and we took our dog their for their birthday.
We ended up getting a burger for our dog, crazy!

I want to like this restaurant.
I've been here twice and each time I'm disappointed.
This time I had the French onion soup and meatball sliders.
The soup was very salty, so much so that I could not get two swallows down.
The sliders were okay, nothing over the top or impressive.
The meatballs had good.seasoning, but the slider lacked sauce completely.
The waitstaff are always friendly and accommodating, but slack in customer service after you've been seated.
We were promised our check and a to-go box and waited nearly 20 minutes for our waitress to appear again, only to have forgotten both.
I won't be coming back to Uncle Bears.

I've been back several times since the 10/29 episode and have received excellent service and good food.
I guess the bad trip was an anomaly.
The nacho plate is great.

Great service and food the Cajun belly rub burger was nice and spicy and the outdoors fireplace was a great spot for a cigar Craft beer selection was a bit limited but the specials were a DEAL

We had a great time at this American restaurant!
Brought the dog, sat on the patio near an awesome fireplace and had good, albeit unhealthy, food.
Ate nachos (really good because each nacho had toppings and was separate from the other chips), wings and a pizza.
Wings were meaty and crispy and the pizza had an awesome hand pressed dough.
Met other cool people that brought their dogs to eat and started up good conversation.
Staff and clients were friendly.
Had live music that started about 730 and the singer was really good.
We will be back!

Lunch there yesterday with Nena Moreno.
What a fun doggy-themed bar.
Dog-bone shaped bar tables, peanuts in the shell at each table.
Yeah, you can throw your shells on the floor.
Great food and their steak fajitas are melt in your mouth tender and flavorful.
Will definitely be a favorite of mine and will be going back again.
So many different types of food.
You can bring the doggy with you on Saturdays if you care to drink and dine on the patio.
Prices are very reasonable.
Try it, you'll like it!

My girlfriend and I had really bad experiences both times we have went here.
Bad service, slow food times and no mgmt presence.
I did like the theme with the dogs and the dogs on patio but everything else was disappointing.
I know they have some great reviews here but I just didn't have it both times we were there.
With the competition in surprise ratcheting up they will have to do much better to get or keep our business

Servers are attentive and their queso rocks!

The address listed didn't take me to the restaurant but it was right across the street.
We went in during Sunday night football and loved the table with the tv.
Busy but service was very good and food was great.
We really enjoyed ourselves and I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family.

This place has suddenly closed - our loss

My favorite bar and grill in Surprise!
Absolutely love the staff!
Food is very good!
Love the blackened chicken sliders!
Oh and love places that give you peanuts and you throw the shells on the floor.
Very nice patio!
Loved this place and was a regular here.
Now they suddenly close and give no explanation.
They removed themselves from Facebook where they could have posted a reason so regulars like us were not wondering why.
Business always seemed good too.
Thanks for nothin uncle bears!

