I don't write many reviews anymore, but Chanpen Thai was so inspiring I just had to contribute!
South Phoenicians and Tempe residents rejoice, because this is seriously the best Thai food I've had in quite some time, possibly ever!
Anyone who knows anything about food understands that its the little hole-in-the-wall shops that are the best and this place is no different.
I'm honestly a little worried about when the word gets out because its such a small location, they will easily be packed.
We ordered some of our favorite standards: fresh veggie rolls with tofu, veggie pad thai and veggie panang curry.
Everything was seriously amazing.
Even the heat was just right...we ordered everything at a 3 on a 0-5 scale and it was perfect.
The curry flavor and creaminess plus the veggie selection and giant tofu chunks was the best panang I've ever had.
The pad thai was exceptional, again with the giant tofu chunks.
Serving sizes were great.
I was hoping to try dessert, but the food was so phenomenal I couldn't stop eating it!
They have a pretty extensive menu, and it sounds like they are pretty much willing to make anything the way you want it.
They asked us if we wanted to add tofu to the fresh rolls even though it wasn't on the menu, and made sure egg was ok in the pad thai.
Their lunch specials also look good for $6.
We were also told that on Friday and Saturdays they will be offering DELIVERY!
We are in trouble.

Don't judge a book by its cover!
This place doesn't look like much but the food is amazing!!
I will tell everyone I know to try this place out!
The owners are super nice and give great service as well!

Chanpen thai is the best cuisine I ever went.
Great foods and service.

I just moved from Gilbert Az.
to South Phoenix and unfortunately, there are not too many great restaurants here.
Thai and Indian are my favorite, so I was delighted to notice this tiny hole-in-the-wall Thai place open up on Broadway just west of 28th St. You really need to pay attention not to pass this place up.
They decor inside is very quaint.
They can probably only fit about 15-20 people packed tight, but I love places like this and  I've been sad not to see more cars in front and I finally got to go last night and brought a friend and we both LOVED it!
We were they only ones there (at 5:30p) but about 6 other patrons rolled in over the next 30 minutes or so.
We pigged out too (hey, I wanted to support the business!).
We had green curry with pork, drunken noodles, Tom Kha Gai (coconut/lemon-grass soup) and for desert, we ordered a sticky rice with mango (choices are mango or ice crème...no custard unfortunately), plus they brought us a free fried banana (looked like egg rolls) with chocolate sauce (I had to bring about half of all this home).
Everything was incredibly good.
I would give the top-most rating to the soup.
The portion of mango on the sticky rice was massive.
I'd guess 1/4 pound.
I suspect that won't last long once they get established, but who knows.
I'm sure they are trying extra hard to please and we were!
The only complaint I have is their Thai coffee was too sweet.
Still pretty good, but if I have that problem again, I will let them know.
I will definitely go back and hope others will too to ensure they stay survive.
A nice little oasis in this Thai-barren desert.
One last note, Thai Basil is one of my favorites and as far as food quality and flavor goes, I would say these two are about the same.

SOOOO happy to have a great authentic Thai restaurant near work.
I had seen Chanpen a few weeks ago while out running errands on lunch, and bookmarked it as a Must Try.
Boy am I sure glad I did.
It's a small hole in the wall spot, maybe seating for 30 max.
The lunch specials all hover around the $6.50 range and come with this awesome soup and an egg roll (that comes with your food, so don't be sily like me and order extra egg rolls..you won't be able to finish it all haha).
The soup came out first.
it was a semi spicy vegetable soup with some red curry and lemongrass.
Just a killer way to start my meal.
I went with the Pad Thai with chicken and Shrimp.
Easily some of the best pad thai I've ever had.
It had a very citrus-like quality to the sauce, which I liked.
i ordered mine 2 on a scale of 1-5 for spiciness.
I could have handled the 3 and I don't really like super spicy food.
Another diner with me ordered the spicy noodles (drunken) with chicken.
This is my fave dish from Thai Hit, and the one here at Chanpen is just as good, if not better.
All in all, a great meal and a killer lunch spot in the area.

Small building but great food!
Had the pad Thai and loved it!
Good price and very friendly service!
Best Thai food I had so far in the valley.
A must for all of us who enjoy authentic family cooking!

This little restaurant should be called "Da Jewell in Da Hood" Best drunken noodles I have had anywhere; tender, just the right amount of moistness with perfectly cooked veg nestled throughout.
I chose chicken as my meat, which was tender, juicy breast meat.
The wonton soup is fresh tasting, with tender pork dumplings, chunky vegetables, and savory broth..
I will be getting that to go each time I visit, which will be often.
My friend ordered the yellow curry, which i tasted, and that was amazing!
They give you the choice of heat from 1-5, and it is consistent time after time, unlike other Thai restaurants whose heat factor varies, depending on the chef that is working that particular day.
The egg rolls are crispy and full of flavor.
Now that I have tried them, they are a must.
When we went, going only due to the Yelp reviews, we noticed there was only one car in the parking lot, joking as we walked in, that It was the cook's car.
We were wrong....it was the cooks and the owners and the server's!
This mom and daughter team do it right.
They comped us a desert...phyllo wrapped condensed milk...I know, I know sounds awful..but get ready for a party in your mouth!
You must try it!
The owners are from Thailand, which makes for authenticity, and I must say, are the most gracious, appreciative business owners I have come across.
Don't let the location and modest appearance of this treasure fool you or keep you away.
Go....you won't be sorry.

Only reason it's only getting 4 stars is because I've only eaten here once.
My boyfriend and I decided to give them a try as they're super close to our house and I was really craving Thai.
I ordered the green curry with vegetables, he ordered the panang curry with tofu.
We split our orders and both were delicious!
Though, I'll admit his was a bit more flavourful, they we both spiced perfectly and had a wonderful taste.
Very, very happy we gave them a try, definitely want to return!

As a Thai food lover I am particular about my Thai.
I tend to like my food a bit on the spicy side but not sweet.
This place is one of the best I've had so far.
Family owned and Mom does the cooking.
Can't get any better than that.
Ordered a Pad Thai with shrimp and chicken  and Royal Curry (Yellow), both medium spice.
Both were excellent and way above average..
Highly recommend if you love spicy Thai like I do.
Service was great, very friendly and food was quick.
I don't live in the area but have bookmarked this restaurant and a place to dine when I am nearby.

Crazy little gem hole-in-the-wall.
Excellent food and quick service.
Its not spot on authentic but its good, cheap, and perfect for lunch.

So I find this place very close to my work and excited to get some Thai food.
I decided to stop by and just pick up food to go.
The place is very small, maybe 4 tables at most.
I placed my order and waited for 40 minutes to find out that they hadn't even started my with my order.
I asked a gentleman sitting there and he stated that he had only been there twice and waited for a lengthy time for his food as well.
I ran out of time so I cancelled my order.
I'm sure that the food is good I just don't have hours to spend for lunch.

I visited Chanpen on a Sunday around noon.
Despite their being a few large parties in their small restaurant, I received some of the best service I have ever had at this  kind of restaurant.
It was unexpected, and nice.
The food was good.
The atmosphere needs a little work, so know you are going for the service and food if you visit.
They have great weekday specials, and brought me a free fried banana as a gift for visiting.
I drank five glasses of water (I requested my food very spicy), and each time, the glass was promptly refilled.
I will be back!

Great Thai place.

Smaller the better!
This quant little restaurant is located in the most peculiar location, middle of nowhere.
But like a treasure, when you look for it, the rewards are spectacular!!
The restaurant is small.
So do not expect to have your order quick, the wait is very extensive during lunch when it's packed!!
However, do expect the most delicious Thai food EVER!!
I've traveled to Thailand numerous times and ate quite a lot during my stay there.
The constant eating and bingeing has developed my taste buds for something spicy and delicious.
Restaurant after restaurant I've search for "that" distinctive flavor of authenticity, but no matter where I look, nothing ever turns up.
I'm not going to say Chanpen Thai Cuisine is authentic Thai food.
However food is never authentic unless you eat it at the actual country it's from.
The service is great and the food is deliciously flavorful and there always seems to be a good movie playing.
This restaurant is a wonderful addition to the world.
But a minor or major footnote* if you ask the chef to cook a certain Thai dish or a real thai style alteration to a dish, regardless, if its on the menu, she will make it for you* Authentic, this is the place after all.

The portions are wonderful, the food SO flavorful, and the quality outstanding --- If you look at my other reviews I am kind of a Thai fiend.
Also, if you look at Chanpen's other reviews there's only 1 negative review and it's because he said the food took to long to make.
These people deserve your business.
They're one of the only unique ethnic spots on the South Side, and the tender love and care they take with each dish makes them a stand out.
Lemon Grass Soup (AKA Thom Yam Goong) is super fragrant and delicious Musaman Curry is super sweet, filling and decadent Thai Iced Tea is super concentrated, which is nice because you can add more milk and make it last.
Woo!
So glad this place exists : )

I can't tell you how glad I am to have a Thai place in South Phoenix!
My partner  and I decided to check this place out tonight.
I had the Panang curry and he had the drunken noodles.
Both were excellent!
I always eat brown rice and I was glad that was a choice here.
I can't wait to go back and check out other items on their menu.
I would give the place 5 stars if I could order a beer...I love to drink Singha with my Thai food.
Next time I will pick some up and bring it with me.

Delicious food and excellent service.
The place itself is pretty small and basic, nothing too fancy.
Frankly the fact that a Thai restaurant exists in South Phoenix is a great treat so I was not going to be judgmental on the decor.
We ordered spring rolls and they were excellent as well as Thai iced tea (which is pretty much delicious everywhere you get it).
I got the vegetarian Pad Thai and I am kind of picky about it, I don't like how a lot of restaurants prepare it but this was quite good.
Especially of note was the server who asked me if it was ok to make it with eggs.
I find a lot of servers don't seem to care about your dietary  needs or consider that someone might be a vegetarian or vegan...so bonus points for that.
Our server was all around excellent and quite attentive (but to be fair we were dining at an odd hour and the only ones there).
My friend got the drunken noodles and thoroughly enjoyed them, I had a bite it was quite good.
Unfortunately I was much too full to try dessert, but I will definitely be going back.
I encourage everyone to go here and keep this place open!

I ordered lunch to be delivered from here after reading the reviews.
I was impressed!
The egg rolls were cooked to perfection, not soggy or oily AT ALL.
They cut a hole in the delivery container so the steam from the egg rolls could get out and avoid making the egg rolls soggy.
I ordered the lunch portion of Pad Thai (medium/hot spice level) and it has some serious heat but not so that it's not enjoyable.
The noodles are perfect, chicken is juicy and has a wonderful flavor!
Delivery boy was very nice.
I will be ordering from here again!

Okay, I had to re-review because they're SO GOOD.
I feel almost guilty eating this food.
Their portions are huge, and they give you so much of the good stuff.
Simply: Great portions They deliver til 4pm (What other Thai place does this?
) Their food is spice well/appropriately (they'll stop you if you're about to mess up) They're super nice/their Customer Service is incredible.
Let me put it this way.
I have never had Green Pineapple Curry, but the person I spoke to on the phone described what I was going to experience, flavor-wise, perfectly.
I ordered it with Mussels, and I got SO MANY.
For Seafood eaters out there: You know it's a total bummer when you get like 5 total pieces of seafood because the restaurant wants to skimp.
Also, no issues with time here.
The food was ready in 20 minutes as promised.
I love them for pick up/take out.
I eat so much that I can't stop and it hurts.
Yum.
Yum.
Yum.

Ever since Palee's Crown has closed, I have been trying to find a replacement.
I finally found it!
This place is very easy to miss, but you will be sorry you did!
Food - Amazing.
Some of the best Thai food I have ever had in the valley  Price - Very fair for the food you get  Atmosphere - This place isn't that great to look at, but you aren't here to enjoy the art.
You will wait a bit for the food.
I have only ordered out, but you can wait 20-25 minutes for your food.
It is worth it, BUT, don't expect a quick lunch if you work around here unless you call in early

I adore this place.
Their food is amazing and the staff is friendly.
There really is nothing more to say than that.
Just wonderful.

I just discovered this restaurant off of 27th Street and Broadway, half a mile from my office.
I will be a regular.
The food is VERY good.
I had the complimentary lemon grass soup, thai egg rolls, and green curry (with chicken).
All were very well prepared, great portion sizes, and spiced perfectly (I requested spice level 4 out of 5).
I also like that they offer brown rice - great for the carb conscious.
If you also work around the Broadway and 32nd Street area and have been disappointed for years by the lack of quality restaurants in the area do yourself a favor and try Chanpen Thai.
The dining area is a bit small/limited in seating, so if going with a larger party for lunch try to get there early.
They also deliver.

the food is great and the prices are reasonable.
Please do not judge the outside appearance of the restaurant because they have so much potential inside.
I got that Pat Thai and it was delicious along with a crab puffs.
If you are in the neighborhood I would definitely recommend stopping by.
it is 1 of the only south Phoenix Thai restaurants so you should check it out.

Get their coconut soup without mushrooms and the number 42!
This is a great place, they remember you if you stop by a few times.

Picked up takeout order tonight.
I had the Drunken noodles with Chicken, and the egg rolls.
Both dishes were very tasty, and the person taking my order was friendly.
I'll definitely try some other dishes in the future.

Called to order the pad thai from the lunch menu that comes with shrimp and chicken for $6.50.
I asked for tofu instead of chicken.
They asked how spicy I wanted and I asked for medium.
When I picked up, I was charged $2 extra because they gave me tofu and extra shrimp instead of chicken.
The server was apologetic about charging it.
Ok, fine although I would appreciate being informed when I placed the order.
Went back to the office and opened it up.
No tofu, 4-5 shrimps in it, and not spicy at all.
My friend also asked for medium spicy on her pad thai and nada, they just did not add the chili at all.
So why bother asking how spicy we wanted?
The noodle is a bit soggy but pretty good overall.
Since it's nearby my office and there's no other Thai place nearby, I will give it another try.
Please do not disappoint me the second time.

a friend of mine mentioned she tried this place for the first time tonight and was impressed with the taste, so i had to try it same day.
i love to support small business owners when i can and hope they can eventually move to a larger building once their profits soar.
food - SO good that this will be our go to thai restaurant from now on.
egg rolls, papaya salad, pad thai, curry - all great  heat - i have been able to take 'thai hot' at other restaurants but here i would stick with their 'level 5', maybe a 4 and then add some heat on my own.
we ordered the papaya salad (i think it was a 5 and was pretty hot for my mom...so they brought out some sticky rice/mango/coconut sauce to help soothe the burning lips - but it was SO good.
delivery - they only deliver on thurs, fri and within a 3 mile radius but i plan on taking my dinners to go if i dont end up eating there.
family - its family restaurant and we met the mom and she was fantastic.
the daughter was our server tonight and was a sweetheart.

Fantastic Thai Food!
Friendly service too!

Great place to eat!
The place is tiny but well worth trying it out.
We had the Panang Shrimp Curry, the Drunken Noodles, Lemongrass soup with mushroom and Chicken.
Great food!
Totally recommend!

This really is a hidden jewel.
I love finding new "go-to" places on vacation and this will be on our list from now on.
The appetizers were very good.
I loved the crab puffs, satay and pot stickers.
Crisp fried perfectly.
Coconut soup was spicy and would be great for a cool night.
Masaman curry was as good as I have had.
The fried tofu was a little large for me, but that's a small preference thing.
Very good service, which is a big thing.
Try it, it really is worth the trip.

I'm typically the one finding the places to eat with friends - it's no different with colleagues.
A bunch of us were on a business trip in Phoenix and needed a place to lunch.
I pulled out my trusty Yelp iPhone app and saw that there was a 4.5 star rated Thai place less than a mile away - how had we missed it until now?
As we drove towards it, the surroundings shifted - a sensation I've experienced many times growing up in LA.
Yes my friends, we were entering the ghetto.
Key indicators included:  * disproportionally high number of check cashing/liquor stores per capita * excessively sagging guy at bus stop * slow moving angry looking guy on bicycle  We passed Chanpen on the first go-around - it was tiny and rickety.
We u-turned and parked.
Looking at the place, I couldn't imagine fitting a full sized commercial kitchen inside, let alone places to sit and eat.
I started to second guess myself - where had I brought my colleagues?
I looked up, thinking of the 4.5 star rating, and the 5-star elite member reviews - I walked confidently towards the door with Yelpy resolve.
When we got inside, it became clear that large parties didn't frequent Chanpen (I think they do a large volume of their business by delivery).
It took tetris like skill for the waitress to get some tables arranged so all 7 of us could sit together.
I ordered the red curry lunch special, with fried tofu and brown rice ($6.50).
While I waited, I had a hot tea - it came in the largest tea mug in history, and tasted like warm Thai tea nix the sugar and condensed milk.
I henceforth dubbed it the "skinny thai tea.
" It was awesome.
When the food came, we were all impressed, it looked very fresh and well presented.
But man oh man, when I tasted my first bite of red curry tofu and brown rice, I nearly traveled to another world.
The food was so light it almost floated, but somehow the flavors were so rich and balanced I could get lost in them.
Everything was so fresh I swore they grew it out back.
I was shocked, but it all started to come together - 4.5 stars on yelp for a slanty shanty mid-ghetto?
Yes... yes absolutely.
I've eaten at a lot of Thai places - this may be the best yet.
The service was also superb - super warm and friendly.
I will come here every chance I get.

Really great food, friendly service.
Medium spicy was hot but delicious.

Food is tasty however the lunch portion was pretty small.
The location is shady.

Went in during lunch and wasn't expecting much.
The restaurant looked exactly like a shop from Thailand, small, dirty, and shady.
So I'd assume the food would match it's looks, but none the less, I still gave it a try.
All I have to say is, "WOW, do not judge a book by its cover!
" This is the best Thai food I've had on the South Side and in Arizona.
Best Phat Thai ever!
Great food, excellent portions, and a friendly service.

I really can't say enough good things about the food and the service.
The coconut soup is an experience in taste and aroma.
The pad Thai is phenomenal.
They offer 5 levels of spicy, so don't worry if you are a spice wimp like me, just order a 1 or 2.
In addition to the food, the customer service is well as good as it gets.
Tonight, even though we arrived near closing time, they not only stayed while we ate, but then brought out some green tea ice cream enticing us to stay a bit longer.

After hearing several rave reviews of this place, we decided to check it out on a Saturday night.
It's a few miles from home and it's new, so the positive reviews made it a must.
What we hoped would be a rare family dinner out (our son was even on his best behavior) ended up turning into a takeout experience.
We were too hungry to wait behind another group for one of the very few tables.
No biggie -- I just wish I had been better warned that it's tough to get a table here.
Our takeout order was ready in a little over ten minutes, maybe fifteen, and the server/cashier offered us a couple of complimentary bottled waters as we waited.
So we were impressed with the friendly service and good communication from the kitchen.
We ordered a couple of noodle dishes, including pad thai, as well as a curry entree.
All were excellent, with subtle yet flavorful sauces and veggies cooked just right.
We shall return soon and try the dine-in experience, maybe on a weeknight.

Really good food.
I'm not a fan of Thai but my wife loves it.
We were both thrilled with what we got.

Holy smokes!
This is spicy little nugget of tastiness is a surprising bit of heaven in an unexpected location.
Dishes are fresh and made to your desired level of spiciness.
Thai food is at it's best at Chanpen.
The service is impeccable.
The sweet young waitress even brought over an orange, neatly and decoratively cut for my toddler when she noticed the food was too spicy for the tot.
She then brought a bit of candy for my older daughters once they had finished their respective plates (first checking with me if that was okay).
In spite of the small dining space, this has to be one of the best restaurants I've dined at in a long time.
I'd give it five stars if it was only a bit bigger.
That's the only caveat with this place.

It is in a kinda sketchy hood, and I would just get take out, it only has like four tables in it.
However, the food was very fresh and flavorful.
I have nothing to complain about, my Pad SeeYew (?
) was the best I've had in town.
It is very far from my house,  so I don't think I will be visiting frequently.
But Tempe folk and south siders should feel lucky to have this place.
Chanpen and her daughter are very friendly ladies.

Some of the best, most flavorful, Thai food in the valley.
I ordered spiceness 2 (out of 5) and thought it was perfectly spicy for me, a mild-moderate spice eater.
I had the panang curry with tofu which was good.
My husband had the drunken noodles with beef which was also quite flavorful.
This restaurant has moderately increased prices since opening but offers green tea ice cream with chocolate drizzle as a complementary dessert surprise.
It was quite refreshing.
The bench could use an upgrade as my guest and I played a game of tug-of-back.
I lost.
The staff really seems to enjoy themselves as loud bantering in another language dominated conversation throughout our meal.

Chanpen is as close to the streets of  Bangkok you will get without leaving Phoenix... the food  took me down memory lane of my recent vacation to Thailand... the exotic flavors, aromas, spices, and taste....Pad Thai,  Chicken Curry, and fried banana dessert.
WOW this place is great!!!
It is Authentic, genuine, and is run by friendly-happy people!
Yes, I will be a return customer!!

My co-worker and I have been on the hunt for new places and foods to eat for lunch.
She suggested us going here and the first thing I did was go onto Yelp to read the reviews.
Thank you in advance for everyone reviewing the place, because if I didn't read the reviews and just went here...
I would have reversed and drove to back to work.
I have NO idea how they are able to fit a kitchen in this facility, but they make it work.
The place is very small, the place is smaller than 600 sq.
ft. but they make it work with 2 booths and 3-4 tables.
Food was amazing, I got the tofu drunken noodles, spice level 3,and that was enough heat for me.
I had heartburn afterwards but that is my fault for not taking an acid reducer prior to eating spicy food.
Other than this place being small, there are no complaints.
My lunch was 7 dollars and that is cheaper compared to the other Thai resturants right off broadway because they charge 9 dollars for the same food.
The food was good and I would come again for lunch!

The BEST Thai restaurant in Phoenix.
The staff are friendly, and make you feel at home.
The food AMAZING!!
Try the pineapple red curry, drunkin noodles, and coconut curry soup (those are my favorite).
My husband and I have a spicy palate, so we ordered the soup at a heat level of 4, and the curries at a 5, and it was a perfect blend of heat and flavor.
Enjoy!

Chanpen Thai is a hidden gem!
My husband and I had been wanting to try it since hearing rave reviews from fellow foodies.
We decided there was no better day than May Day and set out for our culinary adventure.
We agree with other reviewers that the neighborhood is questionable and that the restaurant is cozy, but don't let that stop you from experiencing some of the best, most affordable Thai food in the Valley!
He ordered Pad See Ew with beef, spice level two, and I had Red Curry with chicken, spice level three.
Both dishes were quickly prepared and were divine.
The service was professional, but what impressed us most was that the chef personally stepped out to check on how we enjoyed the meal.
For this, as well as for the delectable dishes, we'll definitely be back again ... and again ... and again!
Read this Phoenix New Times review if, after this and the other reviews, you are still contemplating where you'll enjoy your next Thai meal: http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2013-03-07/restaurants/chanpen-is-back-in-the-usa-lucky-us/.

Simply amazing food.
Rice was perfect.
Got one of the tofu currys level 5.0.
Best curry ever, best Thai in the valley.
Very friendly staff.
My only complaint is that the 5.0 was not very spicy, but I can't really tell anymore.

What a wonderful find!
South Phoenix has proven to be a challenging area for quality, non-chain restaurants, so we are very excited to have this place as an option.
I had the green curry with chicken, and my other half had sweet and sour chicken.
We ordered our meals with medium spiciness, which still had our noses running and our mouths panting.
The flavors were spot-on and the vegetables were crisp and tasty.
We felt that the portions were enough for two meals.
The staff and owners are courteous and friendly.
Honestly, who cares about the building?
We were there for the food!

The spice levels go from 0 to 5.
I like spice and ordered a 3.
The dishes had a light comfortable burn that.didn't overwhelm the flavor.
I'm sure a 5 will be something to be reckoned with.

Seriously the BEST restaurant in this area!
We went on Father's Day and it was the perfect place to go as it wasn't overly crowded.
There are only 5 tables in the entire restaurant so it is SMALL.
The bathroom is strange and dingy but the food and the service makes up for it.
Maybe I should back up.
We ordered the egg rolls and the spring rolls.
They were not good.
The veggie spring rolls were actually not good at all.
Was like a cheap wilting bag of lettuce/carrot mix from the grocery store rolled up.
I only ate half of one.
Then came out the food.
My girls were sharing a tofu pad thai.
It smelled DISGUSTING.
I think maybe I am just not a fan of pad thai?
My husband got the chicken sweet basil heat #5 and was in heaven.
My son got the red pineapple curry with beef heat #3 and very much enjoyed it.
I had the eggplant with tofu heat #1 and it was seriously AMAZING.
Yum!
Yum!
Yum!
Then for dessert we were brought out complimentary green tea iced cream and fried bananas.
They are so good!
I could never eat here again and not order them.
I keep thinking about them 2 days later!

Just visiting Phoenix for a week and was in need of some good Thai-style curry.
This place has solid, traditional homestyle Thai food served by very sweet people.
The restaurant is small and out of the way.
The green curry with chicken was delicious, just the right consistency of curry broth, super fresh veggies and tender flakes of chicken served over yummy rice.
I had the Mango juice with it, and they treated me to a scoop of Green Tea ice cream afterwards because it was so hot outside.

Favorite Spot when I'm traveling in the Phoenix/Tempe Area.
Drive slowly or you may miss this little place.
Food is amazing.
Green Curry is a favorite and I like that I can order choice of meats.
Always piping hot and ingredients have been consistently fresh.
I order a spicy level three which is hot, but not overwhelming.
Restaurant is friendly and small, the staff offered soup at no charge while I waited for my take out order.

I'm basically obsessed with this place.
Truly life-changing Thai food in a tiny, unassuming spot on a pretty empty street in south Phoenix.
I've tried the chicken satay (large portion and STELLAR peanut sauce), lemongrass soup (amazing with level 3 heat - just enough to warm you up but not overpower the flavors), pad Thai (ok...never been my favorite dish), and several curries (all are great!
)  A handful of tables inside and minimal AC (if at all?
Lots of fans going and moderately warm but not hot to me).
Quick service from the one server/cashier.
The epitome of a great hole-in-the-wall spot!
Bonus:  Got our waitress to write me a little note in Thai to take with me on my upcoming trip to Thailand!

The best Asian food I have tasted in the PHX/Scottsdale area.
Stopped in for my first time after landing at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.
Unreal Green Pineapple Curry and Fresh Rolls.

Great food and excellent servers!
Will definitely come back!

I must be honest; I have ate at nearly every Thai restaurant in all of Metro Phoenix.
I love Thai food.
I had never been to this restaurant because of the location and appearance.
What a foolish mistake that was... the food is here is A+.
I have always been a big fan of Yuphas in Tempe but Chanpen has finally brought competition.
I am excited to have a great Thai food place close to work.
The staff was very friendly and I felt right at home.
I will definitely be back.
Thanks Chanpen

This was my first time at Chanpen after driving by it every week.
You don't think much of a tiny, rundown place like that, but I was craving Thai food and it was a mile away, so I decided to go to Yelp for some reviews.
I wanted to be a part of one of those 5 star meals!
I ordered the Panang Chicken (level 3 spicy) and waited about 20 minutes for my order, everyone that ordered behind me got their meal before I did.
I was like, whaaaaaat??????
So the waiter apologized for the wait, brought me my complimentary drink, my lunch to-go and I was off to eat my lunch at the office.
LET ME TELL YOU THAT THEY REDEEMED THEIR SELVES WITH THE FOOD!!!
The chicken was tender, the carrots were the right consistency!
I have to say that the rice was a bit mushy on the edges, but that's what happens when I'm not lining up at 11:30 like the regulars.
There are a hand full of parking spots and maybe 7 tables inside, so if you don't get to park, keep trying, but make sure you get some of this authentic Thai food.
This place is very special!

Chapen is a cute little ma & pop type Thai place.
I was staying at a hotel by the airport and was in dire need of a restaurant for dinner and i found Chapen on Yelp with 5 star reviews.
You wouldn't expect it to be a restaurant, it looks like it should be a house.
There are only 6 tables and the whole family works the restaurant and the food is excellent.
I ordered the Massaman Curry and it was great.
They have us complimentary green tea ice cream at the end of the meal and even a free bottle of water while we waited for our cab to pick us up.

Wow!
This place is tiny and absolutely packed at lunch time.
Definitely hole in the wall decor - but the food is outstanding!
I had the Pad Thai and I have to say it was the best I've ever had.

Thanks again to all the yelpers for finding me another great place to dine.
That said, it may not be in the best area, but I would not say it's the ghetto.
It is a pink house turned into a restaurant, next to an empty lot, on the south side of Broadway rd.
Yes is it by low income housing for sure; but I was half expecting to be running to the entrance from my car, from some of the descriptions.
Okay now that's out of the way,  let's talk food.
My party order several things, something we like to do when trying a new place.
We started with the chicken satay and fried tofu, both good just not what I expecting.
Next we got chicken Pad Thai, Pad see-yaw (totally spelled wrong) and a Pan Ang curry dish.
All were tasty.
My only complaint was the Pad Thai serving seemed small for dinner time.
The other food servings seemed like a fair value.
One person in the party got Thai iced tea, now that was yummy and super sweet.
At the end, the owners brought us some free fried bananas with chocolate sauce drizzled on it,  also good.
I would go back again.
On another side note,  though it was small, we went on Saturday night at 630pm and we were their only customers, so I am guessing they get busy at lunch (on the weekdays), based off most of the previous reviews saying that it is super busy.
Also, thank you to the yelper that suggested level three spicy, it was just right.

This place has it all...great food and great prices...favorite lunch special is red curry w chicken and iced tea...  Only thing they should do differently...get a bigger restaurant location to accommodate more people...
This is a rare find in a dodgy part of PHX...but completely worth it.

For never having their food in my life this place was pretty good.
The customer service was excellent.
We arrived at about 7:30, when they closed at 8.
We were immediately treated by the nice cashier.
We decided to take the food to go since they would be closing soon.
They had options on how hot you wanted your food.
On a scale of one to 10 which I thought was great.
However, I did not like the drunken noodles.
It may be because I have never had this food before.
But other than that the wontons and everything else was really good!

I was in AZ for a family trip so I searched on Yelp for a good Thai restaurant to eat.
Chanpen Thai Cuisine in the result with 4.5 stars.
So I can't here on 08/28/13 to try the food out.
It is a small house/building.
Inside it is soooo small & only have a couple of small tables.
We orded 3 dishes, the drunken noodle, the pai thai, and the beef salad.
The waiter, aka 1 man does all, he's the cashier, the bust boy, the order man.
Omg, it take forever for him to come to our table & take the order, the next worst part is the food take about 40minutes to come.
Omg, & the worst part is the food is so horrible, the noodle in the pai & the drunken noodle was all mushy/over cooked.
The meat in all the dishes are not fresh & tasted weird.
The beef salad was sooo salty.
It's very pricey & it is the worst Thai food I have ever eat.
Omg, what a wasted of money & time.
I will never never stop by here ever again when I'm in the area.
They need to improve the food or shame on them for calling those horrible dishes Thai food.

Just had the Penang chicken spicy as they can make it!
Just brilliant - great flavor / tender chicken : tasty veggies - like I said brilliant - bru you fellas make lekker kos!!

I just are here with my parents and we were a little worried when we got there.
From the outside it looked small at a little sketchy.
The B health code rating didn't help.
Do not be fooled by the external appearance,  the food here was great.
Seriously the best drunken noodles I have ever had in my life.
Portions were good too.
The only minor thing was I ordered a 5/5 for spiciness and it wasn't as hot as I expected.
My parents were happy too.
Our waitress was extremely pleasant and gave us a free bowl of ice cream!
I can't wait to come come back!

Excellent food and service!
We had yellow curry and #37 (can't remember the name) ice tea was fantastic and although they do not sell it, waitress sent me with a to go cup!
Also gave us complimentary dessert-fried bananas were delicious!

Good food, right price and the right attitude.
Hard to find a good combination like this even at upscale or chain places.
Will be back for sure

I actually have been going here for a while now.
The food was excellent.
Though the past 3 times I have gone the food has declined rapidly.
Super soggy noodles and still frozen crab puffs aren't my idea of a good meal.

Wooooow!!
The red curry chicken is having a party in my mouth!!
(hot:4).
I walked in and was promptly and politely greeted; ordered my food to go and the young man apologized that it would be a few minutes and handed me a water.
Great food, great service... Glad I stopped in!

I was, indeed, hesitant when looking at the exterior of this place and no customers.
So glad we decided to go ahead and see if the Yelp reviews were right.
Best Thai food I have EVER had.
The 3 on the 0-5 spice level was perfect for our Pad Thai with shrimp/chicken.
The Crab Puffs were fresh and just melt-in-the-mouth goodness.
Also loved the flavors in the Won Ton Soup.
Service was EXCELLENT and she brought us free fried bananas for desert when she found out it was our first time.
Yummy!

Good Thai, but I'm from California and am a bit spoiled with good Thai food.
Not very hot, would probably make excellent take-out.
Very friendly staff!

A tiny place with amazing food!!
Flew in from CA hungry and stumbled onto Chanpen.
Oh happy day!
Delicious!!!!
Wonderful service too!

I liked the food.
However, It was warm in the establisshment.
Not good for summer dinning.
UNless you do carry out.

I order chicken and shrimp pad thai togo.
came home and open the box, all I see is noodle, chickens and bean sprouts.
did they forget the shrimps???
the chickens are dry and the noodle is mushy.
will not order again

I'm not a Thai food expert, but everything was delicious.
Each dish was so different and flavorful.
Will definitely go back for more.

I thought the Pad Thai would be amazing from the reviews I read but after getting takeout and getting home to find out the sauce was not like regular pad Thai and it was a little orange and tasted off I was saddened.
I have been craving Pad Thai since I got pregnant and I rarely eat out and I was excited to eat here.
I don't know about the other food here, I liked the service though.
I was given complimentary soup and a glass of water while I waited for my take out and everyone working was friendly.
I would come back here but not for Pad Thai.

It's true that is the best Thai food :)

Undecided between 4 and 5 stars.
Outside of California Thai and my favorite Thai place that closed this seems to be the closest to perfect Thai based on just one visit.
I had what they call Sweet Basil here and ordered 4 out of 5 for my heat level.
4 is seriously hot and I don't think most people will order 4 here but for me it was enjoyable.
The sweet basil here is full bodied and packed with lots of flavor and has that just right sauce that this dish needs.
They use white meat chicken that seemed hand sliced and not chopped but it was moist and developed with flavor.
so that's fine.
I liked the crisp fresh green beans in this dish.
The portion was larger than I was excepting since Thai usually runs on the small side.
But what made the dish pop really was the well made sauce.
It was really great with the right amount of flavors but could have been more like California Thai with just a touch of more basil.
The sauce was so good my husband took my rice and added to what was left on my plate and my serving plate and wiped them clean.
My husband had a similar dish called Sweet Basil Noodles with Beef.
The beef was very tender in a similar sauce with a nice assortment of vegetables in tasty noodles.
I don't know if they usually give out complimentary dessert but we were given Fried Bananas that were a perfect sweet ending that seemed to have a cooling effect for us after this full flavored Spicy Thai.
Prices were very reasonable I think our bill for two full entrees (not lunch) and two beverages with tax came to $21.00.
I do note this is a very small NOT FANCY place with tables close together.
They have their own parking lot so parking is easy.
Open 7 days lunch and dinner.
4.5 stars

The outside seemed small, like a very small house, but the food was good.
It was as spicy as I ordered, my sinuses were cleared!
(: the cost wasn't too high either.
The only thing I thought was a bit difficult, was that it was a bit hard to understand the mother (there were 2 people working, a mother and a daughter) besides that the food and service were great!

Took a trip one afternoon for lunch with my wife.
It's a small place & parking lot very small also.
We arrived inside & seated ourselves as they looked extremely busy.
It took awhile to get someone to take our order.
Once they have it almost took almost 45 minutes for our meals to arrive.
I was trying to enjoy my lunch but the booth had beaten backrest which some portions were covered in duct tape.
When someone on the opposite side of the booth sat back, it push you forward which felt the backrest would eventually break.
The food was ok.
Nothing to rave about.
The fresh rolls looked brown and dingy which we didn't finish.
I'm a huge fan of Thai Food but felt this place fell short of fresh ingredients.

Found this little hole in the wall Thai place and we absolutely loved it!
We just coined this restaurant " our new Thai place".
Clean restaurant and friendly servers.
Bathroom was tiny and kind of dirty, but I didn't really mind.
He ordered the beef red curry spice level 3 and I ordered chicken drunken noodles, level 3 and Thai Tea.
It was all delicious, especially the curry.
I would have licked the bowl if the restaurant was empty.
I never had drunken noodles before but I thought it was quite tasty.
The level 3 for curry was perfect but it was extremely spicy for the noodles.
Finding this Thai diamond in the rough made my day.

I would eat here every day if I could.
Best Thai in the valley.
I love the pad thai!

Great food, Reasonable price, and Good service!
My favorite dishes; PadThai, Spicy Noodle, Yellow curry, and Lemongrass soup.
I will definitely be back and try some more :-)  I love thai tea here.
Rich and strong flavor also not too sweet, just perfect!
My friend tried thai coffee, she said it was good too.
I don't have a chance to try their desserts yet.
Maybe next time I will save some room for mango sticky rice and green tea ice cream.
Umm!
Yum Yum!

I decided to stop here and order the Drunken Noodle dish on a referral.
WOW!
This is like a serious hole-in-the-wall.
I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into.
Anyway, I was well attended by the staff there and they were very efficient in getting the dish into the to-go box for me....and got myself some peanut sauce on the side (A must-have for any Thai dish)  Driving back to work, my entire car had the intoxicating smell of Drunken Noodle...I knew what I was getting myself into, but not to the fullest extent until I took my first bite.
I mix the peanut sauce into the spicy drunken noodle dish...it was seriously the best thing I could have ever consumed on a Wednesday!
Oh my goodness....time decided to stop during my lunch break because every bite was so orgasmic and I began to cherish every bite I took.
Thanks Chanpen for the best Wednesday afternoon of my entire life!

The food here is delicious!
The yellow curry is my favorite.
My coworkers and I get lunch here every thursday and its the highlight of our day.
Thai thursday is the best!

Chanpen is DELICIOUS.
The best Thai I have had in Arizona by far, and I have eaten at every Thai restaurant in Tempe and most in Phoenix.
The Tom Yum is amazing, and the drunken noodles are incredible.
Also, fried banana.
I can't wait to try many of their other dishes.
I can't recommend it highly enough.

Oh my god this place was amazing.
Once again Yelp has shown me another amazing restaurant.
I saw this was near my work and decided to give it a try since it got such great reviews.
I got drunken noodles with tofu and spring rolls.
I got the number three level of spice which was perfect.
The food was great, I mean orgasmically great!!!
I've had plenty of Thai food but this is by far the best I've had in Phoenix.
There is a great vegetarian option for almost all the dishes according to my very helpful and attentive waiter.
Also they have an amazing lemongrass soup.
The actual place is super small and intimate.
This is not a fine dining establishment.
It's total "hole in the wall" which I find are the best restaurants.
Basically EAT HERE IF YOU WANT ONE OF THE BEST THAI MEALS IN PHOENIX!

Love.
I love this place.
I hate hyping places up but this is the best Thai I've ever had.
Location: south Phoenix, in a small stand alone building that looks like a house.
Ample parking.
Not gorgeous from an architectural standpoint but interesting.
Ambiance: very simple inside.
Decor is pretty cute.
Honestly I liked inside - you can create your own ambiance depending on who you go with.
Service: very good.
Everyone is friendly and attentive and my water glass never went empty.
Food: awesome.
So fresh, so much great flavor.
The pad Thai was so tasty, chicken wasn't dry by any means.
Red curry was oozing with coconut milk goodness and basil and tofu.
Chicken satay skewers were lightly spiced and juicy.
Sticky rice with green tea ice cream was the perfect size and a wonderful end to a wonderful meal.
Also loved the small container of super super spicy chilis on each table.
Price: very reasonable.
I will be back!

Pretty bad.
Super ghetto building, very ghetto location in general, the food was average at best for someone who knows Thai food.
Also how can you possibly have air conditioning not working and still be open in the summertime Phoenix?
That just makes the meal miserable!

Probably best size is 4 people here.
Really great whole in the wall gem.
Loved the service and the food complimented all my expectations of Thai cravings!
Missed the lunch specials by an hour, but the fried banana that came complimentary to my meal was good enough!
Plus: chicken larb and Thai tea.
Deltas: cream cheese crab wontons (not so much)

Wonderful!!!
Stopped by on way home from work today.
Ordered the chicken spicy sweet basil.
Yum !!!
I have class this place for the past 9 years and never went in because of the small building  when I saw the Yelp reviews I decided to try it .will go again and  again amd again now.
wow I have been missing out!!

The Red Curry (option number 1) off of the lunch menu (with a requested spice level of 3), was amazing.
You have a choice of tofu or chicken, and I chose the chicken).
The chicken was tender and lean, while the coconut milk gave the dish a hearty, rich quality.
The Thai peppers slowly but surely ratcheted up the heat to a bold but satisfying level.
This dish comes with well cooked side of steamed white rice.
The portion of rice wasn't huge, but turned out to be the perfect amount when I finished.
This dish also comes with a small bowl of the soup of the day.
The soup I had was good, but did contain some cabbage which isn't my favorite.
The broth was piping hot and flavorful, leaving the impression that it was a quality soup.
The egg roll that accompanies dish is tasty, but so small that it made me chuckle.
Lastly,  the size of this restaurant is too small.
It was completely full at 1:30 pm in the afternoon.
A table became available after 10 minutes, but groups over 4 will find they need luck on their side.

Chanpen would probably be a four-star place in LA or SF, but we're in the desert and it's easily the best Thai food I've had in Phoenix.
It's a very small place and you shouldn't expect anything fancy.
The family that runs the place is very friendly.
I tried the chicken larb, pad thai, and panang curry.
The meat in larb was a bit dry but the flavors of all the dishes were on point and done very well.
They will authentically spice it up for you if that's what you want so be careful with the heat scale.
Complimentary dessert (we got green tea ice cream) is always appreciated.
Check Chanpen out if you haven't for Thai.
I think the difference between their food and other popular spots in town is quite noticeable.

This place is a true neighborhood gem.
The food is fantastic, and while the decor is not fancy we still find it romantic.
The service is also great, fast and friendly.
It almost feels like we're dining in someone's home in Thailand.
It always hits the spot when we're craving Thai.
Our usual favorites are the Tom Yum soup with shrimp and beef panang curry.

I have been meaning to try this place for over a year and after reading the Yelp reviews I decided to call and place an order.
We had the green curry, drunk noodles, spicy green beans with beef, and the chicken fried rice.
The food was Excellent..
The service was great, the girl who took my order over the phone was helpful and friendly and when I picked up my order the young man was very kind and helpful.
I also grab some peanut sauce and it was fabulous!!
I can't believe I wasted all this time driving by.
I will be going back very soon.
South Phx doesn't have much to offer when it comes to food, but this place is one that will be enjoyed for years to come..

Worth the wait.
The wait was 1 hour long since the place is super small.
But don't let the looks of the place scare you.
The food is awsome.
Salad,  soup, pad thai, chicken curry.

I have to say, I have eaten a spicy dish here during the summer, and even though I was sweating through my blouse, I would come back just because the food is authentically great!

I work in South Phoenix and it's very much a food desert for the intrepid soul who seeks something other than Jack in the Box for lunch.
I was happy to see that there was a Thai place on yelp and tried it right away.
I really like Chanpen a lot--for starters, the food is great.
I've tried a lot of things off the lunch menu, the red curry, yellow curry, spicy sweet basil, drunken noodles, and spicy fried rice.
I was not disappointed by any of these.
I also love the fact that there are five levels of spice, and if I order level 5, it's actually spicy!
It clears my sinuses.
Finding food that I actually think it spicy is really hard for me, and at least one of my five stars is for this reason alone.
I do think it's probably better to get take out than dine in here since the place is small.
They are great at take out--they are extremely accommodating.
If you have a bunch of cash from your office staff they will do each order separately and give you change individually.
They will put one or two on a card and the rest cash.
Anything you want--plus an extremely convenient box for your mass order of food and free water bottles.
They're also pros at taking phone orders, I swear sometimes I'll call a pizza or other takeout place and the person on the phone is clueless and doesn't understand what I say--but for one, the number system of the lunch specials and spice level makes ordering easy, and for two, the staff is just good at what they do.
If you DO dine in for lunch, the cabbage soup is very tasty.
The price for lunch is excellent.
The portion size is perfect for lunch and they give you quality over a quantity which yields leftovers.
The little spring roll that comes with your meal is crisp and tasty.
I've had beef and chicken in the lunch specials and they've both been delicious.
I definitely recommend Chanpen to anyone who wants Thai in the South Phoenix area, and also the Tempe-but-close-to-south-phoenix area.

Hands down best Thai place in Phoenix.
Don't let the exterior scare you away because the taste is worth it!!
There is limited seating so prepare for that or order for takeout.

Wow, wow, wow!
The food here is FANTASTIC!
We took a chance stopping in this tiny little house-looking restaurant in a very seedy looking neighborhood because of the high Yelp ratings, and it is now my favorite Asian restaurant in AZ.
My husband and I love the red curry and coconut dish, the drunken noodles, the fried tofu, and the iced Thai tea (AMAZING!!!
) The Pad Thai was just OK, not much flavor or spice, but everything else we have tried has been amazing.
The Chanpen was chosen "Best Asian" restaurant a year or so ago, and I can definitely see why.
Put your blinders on to the neighborhood and the un-fancy decor inside, and just focus on the food.
If I could have given 6 stars I would have.

My family just loves this place.
We found it through yelp and it's exactly the kind of place we enjoy.
It's a family owned dump but so cute with a warm atmosphere.
The food is really good and fresh.
They always start with some delicious soup--spicy and tasty.
My daughters eat the noodles and I love their sweet and sour pork which are outrageously good.
This is an inexpensive, casual place but you won't be disappointed.
Our meal at lunch for 3 costs around $22.

The most amazing yellow curry chicken I have ever had.
I like the fact that you can pick your level of hotness.
I have to say this is the best I have had in Phoenix.

O.M.G.!!!
Hands down best Thai food I've had outside of Thailand!!!
Do not let the outside appearance scare you off  - as they say, you cannot judge a book by its cover and it is so true about this restaurant!!!
I was here with 3 of my friends for lunch on a Saturday, two of them had never eaten Thai food before.
We all loved it!
Unfortunately for us we live in Tucson but we have all said we will be back!
I love love love spicy food so I was happy to see at the top of their menu they had a 0-5 spice level when ordering.
I told the waitress that I wanted my food to be a 10 if possible.
:-)  She said no problem and then came back to me after bringing our order to the kitchen and asked if I wanted my food "Thai style with Thai chilis"  - YES PLEASE!
Wow, I was so happy when I got my food!
The drunken noodles were amazing!
I can hardly wait to go back and take my husband this time.
This is a hidden gem for sure!

fantastic thai spot.
i'd be tempted to call it a hidden gem, but over 100 yelpers have already "found" it before me.
+1 for that hole-in-the-wall feel.
maybe 7 tables inside.
+1 for very friendly service.
+1 for good wonton soup, served as soon as we sat down.
+1 for great lunch prices.
+1 for great pad thai.
i'm not an expert on thai food, but this seemed pretty darn authentic.
one of the best meals we've had while vacationong in phoenix.
recommended!

Absolutely the best Thai in Phoenix!
For almost 3 years I have been trying to find a half decent Thai restaurant here and all have come up short, until today.
Based on previous reviews I decided to take a chance and order take out.
The first positive sign was the way it was packed, each item wrapped up well and placed in a box.
When I got home and tasted it, I was blown away!
Green curry chicken, Sweet basil chicken and Tom Yum soup.
All had great flavor, cooked and seasoned perfectly.
It's a bit of a hike from me in Arcadia but well worth the drive.
I'll be making this a weekly stop.
Solid!

Best fried rice I've ever had.
Drunken noodles were fantastic.
staff was incredibly friendly.
Even brought out a complimentary ice cream for my 7 year old son and I.
We will definitely be back.

Local gem!
Very small, six tables inside.
Big flavor, great service and worth waiting for a table.
I have eaten here four times now and extremely satisfied each time.
Don't let the location fool you are cause you to drive by.
You can order your food on a spicy scale 1-5.
I like spicy and a 2 is about my limit here.

A hidden GEM!
This is the BEST Thai restaurants in Arizona.
My husband ordered the Seafood Combo Hot Pot and I ordered the Chicken Pad-See-Yew and both dishes are to die for.
The combination of all the herb and spices are perfect.
The staff is wonderful, always welcoming and friendly!

I work by this place and my coworkers and I decided to give it a try.
Ever since than, this place is my favorite place to go for thai food.
I would always order the Rad Nar which is the big flat noodles mixed in with your choice of meat.
Pretty good.
I also even had some friends try this place.
We tried the seafood combo hot pot, drunken noodles, yellow curry, broccoli beef, noodle soup and their mango w/sticky rice.
EVERYTHING was amazingly delicious.
We even got complimentary desert.
They gave us fried banana with green tea ice cream and topped it off with a chocolate drizzle.
That alone just made my meal that much better, The staff is great.
They are laid back and their customer service is above average.
So, this place is the best place for thai food in Arizona.
Been there so many times and it has never been disappointing.
Strongly suggest giving this place a try.

This place is amazing.
Even though I am a diehard BBQ guy...
This place will make it less difficult to stray.
Defiantly worth the trip.
Small and quant but the food makes up for the neighborhood.

I will echo what all the others have said.
This is great food, great value & made with love.
Had the fresh spring rolls, drunken noodles & green tea ice cream.
WOW!
what a meal.

Delicious spot.
When I say a hole in the whole it really is.
Leaving the restaurant boundaries I feel I'll be in a part of some Boyz N The Hood movie.
lol By far the food I have tried is amazing.
I tried the noodle soup and it was perfect.
The service was very friendly.
The dessert was on point.
I got the sticky rice mango and it was perfect.
Still more to try on the menu so I'll give it a 4 star for now.

Best thai food hands down in Arizona.
I always get the yellow curry extra spicy and it's the best curry that I've tasted!
Excellent customer service.
This is a hole in the wall restarunt!

After two visits I'm still undecided between 4 and 5 stars this place is a solid four stars at least.
This is a very TINY place that isn't fancy and only has a few tables but also serves very above average Thai Food.
We tried the Chicken Pot Stickers.
They were packed full of tasty seasoned moist Chicken and were fried crispy in clean tasting oil.
My husband had the Sweet Basil Duck and ordered it at a 4 level heat out of 5.
The Moist Rich Duck was Roasted and then added into the flavorful Fiery Sauce and with Crunchy Colorful Vegetables.
This dish was excellent and was a bargain at the (I think) $10.99 Price.
I ordered the Green Curry with Chicken also at a heat level of 4 out of 5.
I received a very Velvety Well Balanced Aromatic Sauce also with crunchy fresh vegetables but with not bad but slightly dry chicken.
It didn't come out as spicy as I wanted it because it was close to being mild but I thought it was still delicious and I would still order it again.
They surprised us with complimentary ice cream.
The Owner/Chef Personally Thanked Every Single Person for Coming In.
A really Good Place for Thai Food.... Shame it's not an area I normally can go to or I'd go more often.
A true 4.5

Best Thai food in Phoenix.
We live in Buckeye but we will definitely make the trip back here for dinner again.

Was back here again!!
This is the best place for Thai.. Love the food and the service :)

Being a Thai food junkie and a Los Angeles transplant, finding an awesome and might I add relatively authentic Thai joint has been a tad bit difficult here in the Valley of the Sun... Thankfully with a little digging I ran past some awesome articles about this joint so it was placed on the top of my list of must try restaurant list!
It's a bit of a trek for me, but it was well worth it.
The service was amazing, they were friendly and helpful without being over bearing!
We ordered a bit of everything, and it was all amazing.
Prices were super cheap for the quality and amount of food you get, I had days of leftovers and left full!
They even gave us free desert (green tea ice cream!!!!!!
)  I will be back!

My wife and I found this little gem when we moved to South Phoenix, and I have to say it's the best Thai food I've found in Phoenix, and nothing else is even close.
I typically get cashew chicken.
They offer 5 levels of spiciness for their dishes, and I absolutely LOVE spicy food, so I go for a 5 every time.
Let me tell you, it does not disappoint when it comes to flavor or spice.
My wife, on the other hand, typically gets royal curry chicken, with a spiciness level of 1 (she can't even handle the spice of black pepper).
The curry is wonderful by her account (she loves curry) and also by mine (I have never been fond of curry until trying Chanpen).
It's often the holes in the wall that house the greatest treasures when it comes to cuisine, and this is no exception.
If you like Thai food or even if you don't, you owe it to yourself to try Chanpen.
It's the best Phoenix has to offer.

Best Thai food in Phoenix.
The Pad Thai is incredible.
Red curry chicken is my favorite.
The green tea ice cream is home made and my favorite desert.
We are addicted to this place.
Lunch is around $6.50 for soup and entree.
Doesn't look like much for the outside but the food is spectacular.

This place is amazing!
Best Thai food I've ever had!
Highly recommend this place.
Every time we go in there the manager always recognizes us and gives us a huge welcome.

Love this place!
The family is great and always welcoming.
On pick up orders they usually give you a free bottle of water.
The food is amazing, could be a little spicier but that's my opinion.
The lunch specials are fantastic!

Don't let the looks of this place keep you from coming.
The food is GREAT!!
Had the vegetarian pad thai, thai hot.
Delicious!

Fantastic Pad Thai at a reasonable price.
Friendly service, love it!

I had ordered the Veggie hot pot it was delicious came with broccoli, carrots, and bok choy.
The service was great!
I'll be back again!

