Dr Philips is a great doctor.
He takes time to explain everything.
He will also explain in simple terms so children understand.
He is getting set up in this location from his old 85226 address.
Not as fancy.
I'm more concerned about a doctor's ability versus the carpet color.
I would highly recommend Dr. Philips.
He is a conservative doctor with spot on accuracy to diagnosis.

The outside leaves much to be desired but they Dr is AMAZING.
I wish I could have him for my regular Ped.
We visited on a Friday afternoon when my oldest was sick and could not get into his regular doctor until Monday.
The building is old and the carpet is dark with very few decorations so I was a little unsure at first.
When we went back the Dr came in and immediately started talking to my son (12) and asking him all kinds of questions.
When my son asked questions back he took the time to explain what he was doing and what he was looking for.
He then spent a good 15 minutes listening his lungs, feeling his stomach, really doing a very detailed exam before he made any recommendations.
I felt very comfortable in his assessment and he was right on.
This will be my first choice for after hours or emergency going forward.

Took my son today as his pediatrician is not available on weekends.
Dr Phillips is wonderful, has a way with children and explains things wonderfully.
My son, who is 2 usually cries at the doctor, after seeing Dr Phillips he said to me " I stay here" he didn't want to go home!

This is by far the best urgent care I have ever taken my children to!
They are 5 and 3 now and have been going there since they were babies.
Dr Philips is the only doctor there but he is by far the best pediatric doctor!
I wish he could be my kids pediatrician.
We like him for so many reasons but these are by far the most important ones:  1.
When my kids were babies, they had these awful symptoms like bumpy red rash on their faces and bloody stool.
Every other doctor we saw said something like ezcema or infection in their colon or something.
Took each of them to Dr philips (they are 2 years apart and their symptoms varied) and he was the ONLY one who ha the right diagnosis.
They had protein allergies!
Started using Alimentum or Nutrimigen formula and the assumptions were gone in less than a week!
Every one of his diagnoses have been spot on and suggestions for treatment worked.
He takes his time with us to hear everything and explain what is happening inside our kids and why.
Our kids love him and trust him.
He will often know what the issue is before we even finish explaining symptoms!
I would recommend him to any parents for their kids!
Its totally worth it to pay more for the urgent care over primary care, for his opinion!
My only complaints are: wish he could be our kids regular doctor and wish he saw adults, too!

The outside had me worried a bit but I couldn't be happier with Dr. Phillips!
My poor daughter has been running a high fever and she couldn't get into her ped today.
Sun Valley is the closest ped urgent care near us.
I am a bit of a hypochondriac.
My kids never get sick so when they do, I tend to think the worst and panic.
It doesn't help that I look up symptoms online and think my daughter has meningitis!!!
Dr. Phillips was great.
He didn't dismiss my concerns and explained to me how and why my daughter did not have meningitis.
He was great with my daughter too.
Even managed to get a laugh out of her when she's feeling so miserable.
His exam was very thorough and he made sure to answer all of my questions.
I didn't feel rushed and he didn't make me feel stupid for thinking my daughter had meningitis.
He is wonderful with kids, and wonderful with anxious parents like myself.
Bonus: he is an ER pediatric physician at Banner as well.
Also, we were in and out in 30 mins.
No wait.
That has NEVER happened to me at an urgent care.
This place is a total gem and will be my place of choice for after hours care for my kids.

Dr. Philips is gotta be one of the best pediatricians my son has ever seen!!!
Clean environment and great service!

Oh my goodness!
Dr Phillips is absolutely AMAZING!!
He was very thorough in explaining everything that was going on with my son and made me feel so much better!
I so wish he took regular patients!
I live in the area so I know that the outside/surrounding area is a little shaky, but I will never hesitate to bring my son (11 months) back now that we've been there!
Very clean office and the front desk girl was very very nice and helpful!

Dr. Philips is amazing.
I like the way he interacted with my son and with us to help us understand the problem with my kid.

Dr. Phillips is the best pediatrician I have encountered.
We have been seeing him since my son was an infant and he's 9 now.
He has caught things that his regular pediatrician overlooked or misdiagnosed.
The office looks kind of ghetto, but the medical care is excellent.

One of the finest in the valley  Dr Philip is the best pediatrician that I have come across.
He takes the time to understand the parent's concern and provides the best possible outcome.
It is hard to find such doctors.
I understand that he is an ER Pediatrician and has a long tenure.
The urgent care was located on Chandler blvd and used to have about 25 Five star reviews on google.
The new location doesnt look greatt but this is least of my concern.
I am looking for accurate diagnosis.
thank you Dr Philip

My baby boy had developed a nasty cough so we did a yelp search for a good pediatric urgent care open on weekends.
Low and behold we found Dr. Philips and saw his great reviews!
We arrived here on a Sunday afternoon as the office opened and were still 3rd in line.
After about a 30 minute wait the nurse saw us followed by Dr. Philips.
Short version of a long story...he was, in my mind, the ideal pediatrician.
He knew right away what my son had and presented to us the most detailed and descriptive diagnosis I have ever heard... full upper torso sketch by the doctor and terminology included!
Plus he mixed some humor in to make light of the situation and our nerves with our son's first Illness.
We were very impressed with the visit and appreciate the doctor's passion for his job.
My son eventually got well which is what Is most important.
5 stars for Dr. Philips without a doubt.

