Working out cannot get more fun than this!
A coach who is not only talented but also cares about each of his athletes!
Always kind and always fun!
Not to mention I have never looked better!
I love going to crossfit!

Very hospitable to a motivated drop in - thanks!
Knowledgable coaches that are happy to help and share the passion for crushing an afternoon wod

The coaches are awesome, and the members are even better..
If you want to live your life to the fullest.. do CROSSFIT

Found Crossfit Magna on Google two years ago and been going there since then.
I didn't know much about crossfit so I looked at a few different gyms in the area and after calling Brian and speaking to him on the phone, it sounded like the best place for me.
There were no contracts, and the first week was free to try it out, plus it was closest to my home so the location was convenient (area around PV Mall).
My gf and I went in for the first workout and were impressed.
Brian and his wife Katie were extremely friendly and professional.
There were no high-pressure sales tactics to sign up for anything, just sign the waiver and start working out!
After the workout we decided on the 3 day per week membership but soon transitioned to full-time as we were both seeing great gains from the training and made many friends in the gym.
We usually go to the 7pm class during the week because it fits our work schedule, and the Saturday morning class.
They have early morning classes also for those that go before work.
Two years later and joining Crossfit Magna is one of the best decisions we have ever made.
We actually look forward to going to the gym in the evening after work.
I can't say that about my previous training regimens.
With Crossfit you have to be careful about the gym you pick as they are definitely NOT all the same.
Some coaches are great, some not so great.
Most of the time it's Brian or Katie coaching, but all of the coaches we've had at Magna have been terrific.
We couldn't be happier.
Great job Magna!

A good friend recommended Magna a couple years ago and I tried it out once and loved it.
Great culture, great people, awesome workouts.
I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in living a healthy, active lifestyle.

I went to Hell and came back with Satan's pitchfork all in a matter of 1 hour.
After taking a year off from Crossfit so I could focus on school, I decided that I had to get back to a box.
I searched around my area and did my research on all of the boxes in my area and discovered Crossfit Magna was one of the closest one and also had the best programming available (you can check how they program by going here http://www.crossfitmagna.com/).
I got in touch with Brian and he welcomed me in with open arms and offered me a free week (that's right, FREE week) to test it out to see if the programming was right for me.
The coaching that Brian and his wife Katie offered, along with all of the other coaches, are top notch and everyone was very professional so there was no question that I would sign up.
Fast forward 9 months now and I have made massive gains since I started.
I lost 3 inches and 5lbs (I'm 31 years old, 5'10 and now weight 168lbs), but I gained even more muscle than from the other Crossfit gym that I went to.
Originally I started out at the 3 days so I can get my skinny, fat ass back in shape and eventually switched to full time so I could keep up with the competition.
The family environment and friendly atmosphere makes me want to work out every day.

I have been going to Crossfit Magna for a little over two years and I absolutely love it.
There is always a great competitive atmosphere and everyone there feels like family!
Working out with my friends and husband is something I look forward to every day!

Great place with a really cool vibe!
It doesn't matter if you are new in the CrossFit world, here you will find people willing to help and a coach who cares about his athletes.

