On an evening walk through Roosevelt row during the monthly First Friday event, I overheard what could only be Jazz funk pouring out from the door just up the way.
I walked by and someone sitting out front invited us in for a listen to their free music event.
Once inside, the wife and I were greeted by the snack bar ladies asking us if we would like one of their cookies, candies or sodas in the bottle; we got a diet coke for a $1.
The Nash a decent sized venue with about 12 or so four seat tables to sit at, none of which are particularly better than another, with the tables in front being the only exception.
The music was good, if you like Jazz music as I do, but I think the band playing this night put together an oddly slow paced set with more of a blues and 'experimental' Jazz than I would have liked to hear.
From the amount of people walking out during their set, seemed like others also harbored the same opinion.
I usually like my jazz with a little side of funk; a thick base line, Jazz guitar, and complimentary piano and horn of some type.
We stuck around for about 5 songs and decided to move on.
It was First Friday after all.
This place could really use some Kool, and maybe even the Gang.
I imagine the music is subjective and changes on an event by event basis.
I feel they really could step up the quality of foods, snacks, and drinks.
The venue seemed more like it catered towards a teenaged crowd, especially considering their food choices were chips, candies, etc, and no adult beverages in sight.
Although I can't see many teenagers running out to listen to a night of Jazz, I could be wrong though.
If I find that someone worth listening to is playing at The Nash, I will likely head out again; but I don't think I would plan on just dropping in randomly for an evening of Jazz.
Happy Yelping Phoenix.
I can't get enough of that funky stuff!

This is the perfect addition to downtown Phoenix's cultural offerings and I hope it stays around for a long time to come!
Unique venue to showcase Arizona's jazz talent, you can see our state's most well known jazz legends performing alongside up and coming students.
A living laboratory of teaching, collaboration and some pretty fine improv on open mic nights, which already have quite a following.
Only the basics here food and drink wise (prepackaged soda, water and snacks) so grab a bite to eat or a round of drinks somewhere in the neighborhood before you arrive.

This is a brand new music venue in Downtown Phoenix.
It's very well done, with a nice ambiance and a section of the room set aside as a stage.
Everyone who works there is terrific and very helpful, nice, etc.
The room is simple, the acoustics are well done, and the restrooms and such are clean.
But, that's it.
There isn't a patio or really any food (except the costco type snacks for 1.00, etc.
), beverage service, etc.
I would have given it a 3 star, but the venue is so promising I want others to visit it.
The BEST music is here, and it will only get better!

Downtown Phoenix now has jazz@!!!!

Great little jazz club!
I can't wait until they have their liquor license, but until then you can BYOB.
$5 to cork wine, and $1 per beer bottle so it's an added charge, but worth it.
The jazz guys here are amazing, and its $10 a person, $5 for students.
Keep that ASU card forever, ladies and gentlemen!
This place is worth it.

I have been to the NASH a couple of times now--both to see Carmen Ramirez and her band--both evenings were great--the music is good and room is a great intimate setting for jazz.
They let you bring in a bottle of wine or some beer which makes the evening very affordable--will look forward to other opportunities to go listen to music there.

The Nash is a place that I have been wanting to check out for a while now, and some friends were there Sunday night and told me to come join them, so I did and before I got their I told a friend where I was going because I knew he liked live Jazz music and told him to meet me there, an impromptu double date of sorts    I arrived a little after 7 and I have to say I was immediately impressed with The Nash, what a cool lil spot to listen to some live jazz music.
The place just has a cool vibe, and its only 5 bucks to sit and listen.
It is a byob, so if you want wine or beer, remember to bring it in, also there is $5 corking fee.
Here something most don't know about me, My dad is a pianist and my mom was an cellist (though neither play now) so music has always been a part of my life and ever since I was little I have loved the look and sound of a baby grand piano and the cello, well any musical instruments really, so it was a real treat to see them on stage being plucked & played!
I'm definitely looking forward to coming back to The Nash to listen to some more live local musicians.

I wasn't quite sure what to expect of this place, so expectations were low.
Luckily, our experience exceeded expectations and I look forward to going back.
Beware it is BYOB and you need to pay a corkage fee.
We relaxed and listened to some great music...all within walking distance from our downtown loft - you can't beat that!

Heaven in the Roosevelt District -- which keeps getting better and better all the time!
Went for the first time last night to the Mike Vax & Jessie Maguire TrumpetFest.
Heaven.
I brought an all stops pulled bag of wine and snacks with my companion, and the volunteers never batted an eye.
Perfect.
They let you bring in any food items you like.
Again, this little club is total Heaven.
I'll be back often.
It's the greatest place I've been to in the Valley since moving here 6 years ago.

The music is great and the location downtown is long awaited... but the atmosphere is just missing a little.
Don't get me wrong, you should go check this place out on a Saturday night with a few friends and a bottle of wine.
However, the most recent review was 5 stars and I just don't want folks to be disappointed.
Prepare that the vibe is not like The Rhythm Room which has tons of old school charm and character.
The space is very clean and new with square 4-top tables and acid stained floors with a raised bar stool height table in the back.
So it has the feel of a nice cafeteria rather than a jazz club.
My advice- go and stay when you feel like the cafeteria vibe, because the musicians are fun and you will still have a great time.

This is a nice mellow place to listen to good live music.
Like another Reviewer noted, it doesn't have the vibe of Rhythm room.
It is super clean and relaxed.
The volunteers who checked us in and sold the beverages (non-alcoholic) were super pleasant.
The crowd is easy going and mixed ages.
It's BYOB which does help keep your cost down when going out for on a Date Night.
It was almost all couples when I was there.
Great performance and she was relaxed and engaged the audience.
Great Date place for those who love music.
I gave it 4 points because it was super cold but hey, I'm a woman and we're never happy with the room temperature.

We met up with some friends at The Nash last night and it was so great!
The Soul Advocates were amazing.
We really enjoyed our time!
The place was packed and had a great vibe!
We will definitely return.

I've passed the neon sign like a million times, assuming this was just some quiet little jazz house.
I was wrong.
It's a booming, hip, jazz house, and I'm a dummy for not checking it out sooner.
I was totally buzzed on a First Friday, the place was packed, and we were all bobbing our heads to this really groovy band called "The Stakes".
Yeah, that's a plug for a band I've barely discovered, but they kick ass.
The acoustics in this venue were divine.
Loud, but not overpowering with some crappy PA system (like certain small venues on Indian School).
Cool and comfortable, and no one has to leave all sweaty (Like a certain small venue near Grand).
I had tons of fun.
I'll come back with my friends.
The BYOB thing sounds weird, but I can deal.
Just don't look at me weird if I waltz in with a case of PBR.
Kidding.
Kind of.
Get cultured.
Go to The Nash.

