Great pizza, and even better atmosphere.
Loved the bread, and all the dishes tried.

I loved the atmosphere here ---  intimate.. elegant... classy  lots of great Italian dishes to choose from.... steak... pasta... pizza... excellent dessert  and strong cocktails....  expect to pay Vegas dinner prices.... but well worth it...  efficient service from the hostess to the waitstaff....    - easy to grab a table or snag a seat at the bar...

We stopped here for a bite after watching Le Reve, and really enjoyed it.
We got the pancetta fettucini alfredo - with some of their cheese bread and then a side order of wings.
The wings - were spot on.
The bread, was delicious.
The pasta, was VERY rich - but still tasty.
If you're staying at or near The Wynn, I would definitely recommend this place.
Especially over their crappy buffet!

I throughly enjoyed my meal and experience at Allegro, located inside The Wynn in LV.
I went with a group for an early dinner before a show.
The sangria is some of the best I've ever had- light and fruity.
The pesto and bread basket served before the meal are both delicious- I usually don't eat too much bread before the meal, but I couldn't help myself- sooo good!
I ordered the pasta carbonara- it was rich and creamy.
Everyone else enjoyed their meals too.
My friend's veal chop literally took up an entire plate.
I also enjoyed some pistachio and chocolate gelato for dessert- yum!
I definitely recommend.

Tuesday's Restaurant Week dinner was at Allegro inside Wynn.
It took over the space that was formerly Stratta.
Alessandro (of TC Masters fame) got the boot.
Chef Enzo Febbraro was highly regarded in Washington DC and hails from Naples.
The restaurant has only been open a short time, but it's already getting great praises.
Our table for three wasn't ready when we arrived so we ordered wine at the bar.
$42 for three glasses: riesling and pinot grigio.
They later seated us in the bar area, which I found a bit odd since this area is generally reserved for those without reservations.
The restaurant week menu had three choices for each course.
We decided we'd each order something different and share so we could sample a bit of everything.
One of the entree choices was spaghetti and meatballs, but we learned while the restaurant does make its own pasta it does not make its spaghetti.
Odd.
We wanted to try homemade pasta so the waiter asked the kitchen if we could substitute the lasagna.
They approved, yay.
For the first course we had Bianca Pizza Mozzarella; Proscuitto, Arugula, Shaved Parmesan, Panzanella Salad; Tomato, Cucumber, Celery, Red Onion, Double-Baked Fresella, Red Wine Vinaigrette and Calamari & Shrimp; Fried Calamari, Shrimp, and Cherry Peppers, Spicy Tomato Sauce.
The Bianca pizza was fantastic.
Crisp crust, gooey cheese and topped with Proscuitto and Arugula it reminded me of the flavors we enjoyed while in Italy.
The Calamari was very good as well.
Tender and lightly breaded with a kick... just the way I like it.
The Panzanella was a bit bland and the weakest dish.
Next up was Roasted Pink Snapper; Escabeche of Vegetables, Salmoriglio Sauce, Chicken Parmigiano; Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella and Baked Lasagna Napoletana; Meat Ragu, Meatballs, Smoked Mozzarella.
The snapper was delicate and nicely prepared.
The pickled vegetables were much too pickled for my liking, though.
The Lasagna was very meaty.
Too meaty.
I've heard raves over this lasagna but it didn't thrill us.
I'm not one who enjoys chicken parmigiano, in all honestly, chicken dishes in general don't appeal to me, but this was excellent.
It was giant breast well seasoned with light crisp breading.
The sauce wasn't acidic.
We agreed it was likely the best any of us has had.
Who knew?
And finally, dessert offered a Cannoli; Sweet Ricotta Cheese, Candied Citrus, Chocolate Shavings, Cassata Frozen Nougat, Raspberry & Meringue Sorbet and Tiramisu; Mascarpone Mousse, Coffee Soaked Lady Fingers, Chocolate Liqueur.
The cannoli was not liked by any of us.
It was heavily orange flavored.
My bite brought back memories of spoonfuls of Trix as a kid.
The Cassata was nicely done, but it was the Tiramisu that wooed us.
It's right up there with the one made by angels at Circo.
Overall, we enjoyed a delicious meal.
Service was great until the very end when it took forever to close out our check.
Being held hostage is a definite pet peeve, but our waiter did go above and beyond to see about getting lasagna so it was forgiven.

Very fun experience I must say.
There is really good people watching here because you can be sat right next to the casino floor.
And this is the only place at the Wynn that you can get a decent meal at 3AM (at least I believe so).
Spaghetti and meatballs on the late night menu.
A bit on the pricey side, but hey, you can't expect any less from a top notch Vegas hotel.
I'm a huge fan of the spaghetti and meatball, but I think this place can work on their recipe.
Call me crazy but I tasted too much fennel... but it was 3AM so who knows what I was tasting.
I also found a bit of a sausage in my pasta.
(I pretended I was upset with the server in that the kitchen accidentally dropped food in my pasta that wasn't supposed to be in it.
But to be honest, I was pleasantly surprised.
It's like when you get that random onion ring in your fries at Burger King.
Best feeling EVER!!!
)  But the waiter said that they add sausage to their marinara on purpose for flavoring.... Hmmmmm, should I believe him??
Our server could have been completely serious, or he could be really witty and thought of a great response right on the spot.
I will never know, but I will always remember this night and that lonely sausage.

An elegant restaurant meets late night, place doesn't close till 6am,..but I came here for dinner with the bros, since we forgot to make reservations at sw, I ordered the Risotto Pescatora which comes with shrimp, scallops, calamari, mussels, clams.
It was sweet, risotto was cooked nicely, it was like mushy, but not to the point of poridge, but this was my first time having risotto, so not sure on how it should taste ha...none of the seafood was overcooked.
Tried some of my friend's Biaca pizza, which had prosciutto, arugula, and cheese, I am a sucker for prosciutto, and it was pretty good, great sized pizza that you could share with two.

This review is specifically for the server named Davide.
We arrived at this restaurant around 4:30am on 9/3/2012 (after a night of dancing at XS club).
After getting seated, my sister started to feel cold since the AC was blasting in the restaurant.
A friend of ours took of his dress shirt for to cover her but later was told by a man in the suit that he cannot wear a tank top in the restaurant.
We then asked a man in the suit if there's any blanket or warm cloth for my sister so she doesn't get sick.
The man stated that they didn't have any blanket, and then suggested her to use napkins!
(How is napkin going to keep her from getting cold?!
)  Then comes Davide, this wonderful and courteous waiter, who did his best by asking everyone if there's anything to cover my sister, he wasn't going to give up, and that's when the man in suit realized he needed to do something, thus, he FINALLY brought us a t-shirt that he had at the back.
Had it not been for Davide, my sister will probably end up getting sick.
So I appreciate Davide's persistence!
Thank you!

Great food!
Vegan options!
Pricey, but not bad considering this is The Wynn.
We ate here after my mom won over $200 on some slots.
Funny sidebar: I also got fooled by an escort here the day before.
Thought she was just a girl interested in me.
Insert awkward moment when she walks by me while I'm there with my mom and brothers.
LOL!

Really good Italian meal, with generous but not over the top portions.
I liked my linguini clam sauce, fried spicy calamari and bruschetta.
My husband got the lamb Osso buco (not veal ) which was prepared, beautifully, braised lamb, falling right of the vibe, tender juicy, not at al fatty.
Would say, great service from our waiter Alex, and our compliments to the new chef who paid us a visit all of us in our party appreciated it and truly enjoyed our meals.
We were too full for dessert but my guess is it would've great as well

Fun bartender, kept us laughing while we drank.
Didn't get a chance to try the food, but it's a nice place.

AWFUL!!!
My girl friend and I went here last night around 4am hoping for a nice, quiet dinner.
Right off the bat we were treated with disrespect from the hostess who apparently doesn't enjoy single females in her restaurant.
The place had maybe 3 tables of people and 3 people at the bar total.
After sitting, the service was slow and inattentive.
My friend tried to order a drink only to be told that the bar was probably closed but they would check on it.
They never did so she ended up ordering her own 10 minutes later.
Our food was DISGUSTING.
The salad tasted bitter and awful.
My friend liked the soup but I didn't..  the pasta was just meh.
Some extremely drunk hotel guests sat at the table right next to us and slid their table into ours for an attempt at a 4am hookup but we tried to be nice to them.
One of them ended up getting really rude so we had to tell them to get the hell away from us.
They caused a small scene and were kicked out by security.
I do applaud our waiter for helping us out.
While the guys were next to our table he took a sip out of my water.
I obviously wouldn't want the water after that so I told the waiter and he took it.
I ended up with no water for maybe 20 minutes until I tracked down someone else and he got me one.
We asked for ice water and never got that either.
ugh.
So, not even 5 minutes after these two guys get kicked out from the place, the hostess sits two more drunk guys at that same table.
Not even 30 seconds after sitting down the guys are asking us 1,000 questions and being loud and annoying.
The people that worked there were laughing..
I was too because I had given up on having a nice dinner at this point.
We weren't asked if we would like anything else before receiving the bill but my friend wanted more drinks so they had to go back and redo it.
Then, part of our bill was put onto the neighboring table's tab so we had to talk to those annoying guys even more  He took both of our bills back and then ours came back with one of THEIR items on it.
It finally got fixed and we tried to get out of there as quickly as possible.
There's not much selection on the menu either.

Their penne pasta is cooked just the way I like it.
My best friend and I were trying to describe it the next morning and the only words to come out of our mouths (and at the same time) was "AL DENTE!!!
"  We also got the bianca pizza which was really great.
It's thin crust and you can taste each and every ingredient (prosciutto, arugula, etc).
The spaghetti and meatballs wasn't my fave but my friends really liked the meatballs.
My friends and I went to Vegas twice in 3 months and came here both times after XS.
Overpriced for what you get but it's Vegas.
The close proximity makes up for it (although it doesn't feel so close by the end of the night when you're dying in your heels)!

Love the fact that they have vegan options and let you customize decisions.
The not so good: it's expensive?
It's in the Wynn so expected.
The service is not good for a higher end restaurant, it took 10 minutes to get water, 20 minutes to order.
We asked for bread and it came out at the same time as our meal.
We customized a vegan pizza from the mushroom one on the menu, which was encouraged.
It was mediocre at best and cold.
When asked if liked it, I said it was ok and would not order it again.
Our server proceeds to say well its best the way it is put on the menu with regular cheese.
If I ate regular chees do you think I would have ordered soy cheese??
Think before you make ridiculous comments.
On another note, very upset that this restaurant serves two veal (baby cow) dishes.
Get with the times and quit serving babies.
I would not recommend this place due to price, poor service, mediocre food, and not caring about animal welfare.

I can safely say if you ate here you would enjoy it fully ...
The food is excellent and although it is truly delicious you get the sense it is healthy too and not made with a bunch of butter or other junk...
I really loved the overall experience and definitely would go back in the near future...
I got to meet the head chef as well and you can tell he has a passion for food and really cares about all of the people who come to his restaurant... Really a great guy and I wish his place the best because they definitely are deserving of success...

This is by far one of the best Italian restaurants I've had the pleasure of eating at!
Italian isnt my favorite cusine but I could have fooled you by the way I gobbled up the truffled risotto & Lasagna!
Amazing little pizzas and impeccable service!
The chef stopped by to say hello after we raved about the food which is always a nice touch.
We have now made it a must stop on every visit to Vegas (3 times so far!
) & have sent friends visiting Vegas as well, whom also rave about the food & service.
The Wynn always gets it right and congrats to them again for this new Chef!!!
Can't wait till December when we come back for the 5K!

We always love our Italian food so I couldn't resist checking out this place when we were inside Wynn checking out the casino.
It was a great find and the decor inside was executed perfectly!
The staff we really quick to serve us and the meals came out really quick.
We had asked for a white sauce instead of the tomato for one of our meals which they got wrong but were very apologetic and came out just as quick with another one for us.
All up a great meal and find in such a great casino.

Allego, formerly Stratta, is one of my new favorite restaurants.
We had great service, I love the location, and the food was wonderful.
Allegro's proximity to the La Reve show makes this an easy to get to after show dining spot, which is exactly what we did.
Its just across from the ticket counter.
I had heard the meatballs were the go-to item, and they didn't disappoint.
The portion was out of control big is my only complaint.
I only ate about 30% of the pasta, which made me feel so wasteful!
The meatballs were very flavorful and I think you get three or four large meatballs.
The margherita pizza was one of the best I have had!
It was so authentic and the thin crust was perfect.
It tasted just like pizza in Italy that I had many years ago, it took me back!
The pear cosmopolitan was very good and strong, just like I like it!
We had excellent service too.
Our waiter was friendly, checked on us, and brought us delicious breads.
YUM.
I loved it!

Well, the food was generally good.
The calamari was disappointing, the tomato soup was tasty and the mushroom pizza was good but too much of something.
I loved the first piece but then really struggled to eat any more of it, not sure why.
Maybe too much truffle oil made it just too rich?
On the other hand, our waiter was exceptional.
He was very friendly and professional and he spent just the right amount of time at the table, never checking on us too often or not often enough.
As a caveat, I absolutely adored this restaurant when it was Stratta.
Part of the reason for this trip to Vegas was to eat at Stratta one more time before my husband and I moved to the East Coast.
Unfortunately, we didn't do our homework and I didn't know it had changed to Allegro.
Once we arrived, I called the Wynn to make reservations at Stratta and they assured me that although the name had changed, the menu was the same.
It is not.
It has the same structure (i.e.
it's a typical Italian menu but it also has a small vegan section) but not the same dishes.
So, 2-stars because I've experienced better both at this "same restaurant" a year ago and elsewhere in Vegas.

Was seated right away without any reservations, had a New York strip steak with a side of asparagus - was amazing but the steak was a bit too rare for "medium".
Service was excellent from the minute we arrived.
Will be back!

Stratta/Allegro same thing.
They have two Yelp pages so I'll just copy and paste what I wrote on the other one here:  I am completely disappointed in this restaurant.
I used to come here with my family whenever we came to Las Vegas because we enjoyed their service, food, and ambience.
We came to Vegas during Thanksgiving and made reservations to come here for Thanksgiving dinner.
When we showed up we realized that it was empty- that should've been a sign.
When we made the reservation we mentioned that we had a baby in a stroller so they could accommodate us accordingly.
We get there and the hostess was going to seat us in the corner by the casino and have us put the stroller outside on the casino carpet!
Thankfully, our server rushed over and had us sit in a corner which had more room for a stroller (and just made more sense).
We ordered one of their pizzas as an appetizer because bottom line is, they have damn good pizza.
The pizza sauce they use is amazing.
When placing our orders our server let us know that they might be out of turkey dinner but might have one left.
It was only 6:30 so I was shocked but my thought process was "MIGHT have one left....MIGHT not be fresh" so I decided to get a steak instead.
We all ordered different types of steaks and shared some side dishes such as the sautéed mushrooms and potatoes au gratin.
The potatoes were not cooked and were super thick chunks.
Our server apologized and brought us out another batch.
Yet again, not cooked thoroughly.
I mean, you expect them how to properly cook what they advertise at their specialty sides.
My steak was cold, as if it was sitting out there for an hour.
Our server was kind enough to reheat it but once it came out, it just didn't taste right.
I've had many steaks in my life, really good high quality ones but this was not worth it at all.
I can get over the fact that with the price it doesn't come with any sides.
But don't serve me a slap of bland meat for your jacked up prices.
And learn how to make potato au gratin please.
If it's on your menu you should know how you prepare it correctly.

Going between 2 and 3 stars...can't reallly decide.
Had a reservation for dinner, when we approached the hostess stand she immediately barked out "do you have a reservation" not "hello or good evening".
They were both rude and snobbish.
We were seated and drink orders taken right away.
We started out with a couple apps, and before we were finished, there was a busser that grabbed our plates before we were done.
We felt rushed.
I decided to order the lasagna.
I have to be honest, Ive never ordered lasagna at a restaurant, to me it's like ordering spaghetti and meatballs, both you can easily make at home.
Nothing on the menu really jumped out at me.
The lasagana was good, but for $28, I really didn't think it was anything spectacular.
Our server, Jamie was great, this was the reason I decided to give 3 stars instead of 2.
Food was ok, ambiance was ok.
I don't see myself returning here.

Coming here after the Le Rêve show made for a perfect finish for an evening out.
The Service was prompt and food came promptly.
Ordering the Arugula and Parma Ham Pizza with a New York Strip steak - both entres were very tasty.
Only thing disappointing with the New York strip steak was that you had to order accompanying vegetables separately making for an expensive dish.
House Chardonnay was smooth and delightful.

Allegro is a good Italian restaurant at the Wynn.
I really enjoyed the food and the wine that we had.
My only issue is that we were sat at a very weird table/booth that had me  essentially climbing in and out of it.
Not too cute in a dress and heels.
I probably would go back; it's a little (SLIGHTLY) more affordable than other sit down restaurants in/on/around the strip

Being the lazy bum I am, I didn't want to venture too far from my hotel (the Wynn) for a nice meal in Vegas.
Seeing as how the Allegro was right under me, and it was reservations only, I was expecting some fancy ass food.
Between four people, we shared a margherita pizza (which was totes boring), fried calamari (best part of the meal), a pasta dish each (I got the cannelloni, which is basically just spaghetti with pork baked in a mound of melted cheese) and a glass of wine (the other best part of the meal).
So basically, a pretty meh meal at a pretty meh location (no good views, right by the roulettes, loud peeps erywhere) for a pretty not meh price (I believe it came out to be like $70/person).

Dinner Friday night was superb.
Chef Enzo greeted us and the meal was perfect.
Great pizza, divine meatballs , veal parm to die for and a "pesce" that was great.
Thanks Chef!

I chose this restaurant mostly because it is located in the Wynn, the loveliest hotel on the strip.
It was a decent meal, but nothing special.
They brought bread, of course and it came with a tasty garlic and bean spread.
We started with the calamari, which was average.
My Caesar salad was good, but not omgosh good.
My husband had the minestrone soup and enjoyed it very much.
It was the best course for him.
For me, my lasagna entree was fabulous.
I loved the small bite mixture of sausage and beef.
Unlike most lasagna, this one wasn't heavy on any of the ingredients.
It was the perfect balance of noodles, cheese, sauce, and meat.
We didn't stay for dessert.
Service was adequate.

The most exciting thing for my family vacation to Vegas was to stay at a nice hotel, eat at great restaurants, and experience great service.
The Wynn is a beautiful hotel, Allegro has very good food, but service at all Wynn restaurants were terrible.
From the very beginning the host(esses) profile you.
If you are not in high end designer clothes you'll receive the condescending smirk to let you know you're not important.
For someone who uses their work clothes for a wedding, funeral, or other like event, they are not making enough money to be a judge.
In fact, a message to the staff at Allegro....You are all servers, you are expendable!!!
It took our server a very long time to come to the table.
I can assume that when she saw we had kids she was thinking to herself, "great, kids".
While I can appreciate that thought, my kids stay on their bottoms and keep their voices down.
Before passing such judgment why not greet the table and get an impression?
Once our server made her way to us she tried hard to be cordial and hide her opinion.
When she realized we weren't afraid to order from the menu she immediately perked up.
Because the bill is high she knew at that point that he was going to get a good tip, so she tried harder.
As a former server, I was offended by her reaction.
I truly believe you appreciate the job you are in because there are plenty of people who would love to have your job.
Fortunately, the food was very good.
My daughter had a pizza, and my other daughter a noodle dish.
They were both delicious.
I had clam linguini which was amazing and my wife had lasagna, equally good.
Had it not been for the the initial greeting by all parties, the meal and experience would have been great.
Because of the poor service from the host and server in an industry that relies on great service, Allegro earned itself 3 stars.

Stopped in for a quick bite since I only had about an hour before I had to get to the airport.
Sat at the bar since they offer a full menu and they couldn't seat me right away.
Not sure why since there were plenty of open tables but they were showing the NCAA championship at the bar so can't really complain.
Ordered a Caesar salad and their rib eye steak.
Caesar was good no complaints but the steak was definitely not worth the price.
For $44, they had some tomatoes and a cheese layer on top which I'm assuming is there to make up for the lack of quality.
Wasn't the worst, but definitely average.
Wasn't cooked to my request.
I asked for medium rare but most of it was medium.
Didn't have time to send it back so I tried to make the best of it.
I really want to give this place 3.5 stars because of the bartenders.
They are really attentive and want to make sure you're taken care of.
Really impressed by them.
Im sure I should've gotten a pizza but I had no time to go elsewhere and I was wanting a steak for the one day I was in Vegas on this particular trip, just thought being in the Wynn food quality would've been better.

I had previously eaten here twice and did not enjoy it at all.
Food was average-mediocre, with high prices on top of that.
Went here last weekend for a late night dinner (2am-ish type dinner), ordered a ton of food with my friends, and it was incredible!
They must have changed the menu, the chef, the recipes, something, because everything was excellent!!!
My 2 favs were the gnocci-OMG-off the chain-it was so good we ordered 2, and the truffle pizza-we ordered 2 of that also!
WOW!
We also ordered the margarita pizza, the calamari, spaghetti, and....that's all I can remember.
All were very good.
The place was packed at 2am-we waited about 20 minutes for our table, which is always a good sign:)  Will definitely come back here...great job for turning the restaurant around Steve Wynn-I'm a fan!

Went here for dinner.
I'm not a fan of Italian food, but it was great!
I had the AMAZEBALLS radicchio salad (ginormous and fabulous and delicious and full of all kinds of crunchy green goodness) and the seafood risotto (also fantastic).
We were offered the choice of sitting in the restaurant, or the lounge.
We ended up in the lounge, which I HEARTILY recommend, as it affords excellent people-watching opportunites -- our table was right by the casino walkway, and so much fun to mock all the pretentious idiots walking past!
This place is schwanky, without feeling overly pretentious.

Very cool little spot in the Wynn.
We sat at the bar and had some drinks with Bill.
He was a trip and a great bartender.
The drinks were really heavy pour.
We split an order of the Prosciutto and Arugula pizza and the Lasagna.
The pizza was probably the best thing we had there though.
Crispy crust on the bottom and really tender on the top.
The lasagna wasn't bad, it just wasn't as great as we had hoped.
It had chopped up Italian sausage on the top that sorta ruined it for us.
It wasn't like crumbled up sausage, it was like cooked in the casing and   Very friendly atmosphere and pretty good food.

This is a great late night joint.
Our server was very kind and helpful.
We got there at around 1:15 am and were seated promptly.
The server was eager to make good suggestions and they were even able to make a specialty dish from me off the menu.
It was delicious.
Everyone liked what they ordered, and we got a complimentary dessert as it was someone's birthday in our party.
The service was great, the ambiance was nice.
It is a little pricey but hey, you get what you pay for.
Worth a late night dine!

Overall the service and vegan food is good but not my favorite.
The atmosphere is loud and the chairs are not that comfortable.

After seeing a picture of their lasagna in an issue of Desert Companion, I put this place on my "list" of places to try.
I got a little worried though with all of the mixed reviews I had seen...  We started out with the calamari and Caesar salad, both of which were above average.
Similar to my experience at SW, a really tasty bread basket was brought to the table.
I ordered the lasagna, but requested to hold the pine nuts, the server said that unfortunately they are inside of the lasagna and cannot be removed.
I found this kind of strange, but I understand perhaps this dish is mass produced so I lived with it.
The lasagna was good and better than what I have had at Chicago Joe's or The M, but I would expect that for $10+ more!
It uninformatively wasn't worth the price and quality that I've had at other higher end Italian restaurants.
I did pull out a few pieces of hard fat/meat which is understandable because it wasn't ground beef, but obviously isn't a highlight of the meal.
Overall the setting is very nice, but I wish I could have spent that money at a higher-end experience.
For a measuring stick, I had a much better meal at Bootlegger Bistro with just a slightly more casual atmosphere for a lower price.

This is located inside The Wynn.
Nice restaurant with good food and drinks.
Our group had fried calamari and homemade pizza.
Those pizzas were amazing.
I am wondering if they have their own brick oven.
It is open later than most other restaurants in this casino.

Despite having four nightclubs, the Wynn-Encore complex has an amazing dearth of late-night eateries.
The only actual restaurant serving food was Allegro, which was initially pretty crowded but I was later able to find an open seat at the bar.
I went with the wood-fired Meatball Pizza ($21).
It comes out as a somewhat large oblong-shaped flatbread cut into eight square pieces with each square containing a small wedge of meatball.
Doubtless, it hits the spot late at night when you're jonesing for food, but I wouldn't recommend Allegro for anything beyond that purpose.
The pizza and meatball lack any distinctive taste, and a better presentation would have been to cut the meatball lengthwise and scatter throughout.
Frankly, one would probably be better off  getting room service.

Our first night in Vegas was especially nice after our big party dined at Allegro.
The staff was very helpful in accommodating our large group, seating us in three smaller tables, and making sure we were all well taken care of.
Our beverages were always full, bread for the table came in a variety basket and served warm, and appetizers came out very timely.
For dinner, I ordered the Gardein Chicken Parm...it was very tasty!
While I do prefer vegetarian meals over eating animal products, I was a little hesitant as I've had a less than pleasant experience with Vegan cheese at a pizza shop in LA.
However, the Vegan cheese was delicious and I was so happy with my meal!
The only thing our table thought was quite interesting was our appetizer pizza came out within 2-3 minutes of our order.
We were all happy about that because we were hungry, but it was also questionable as to why it came out so early.

Went for the cocktails Friday night and for dinner Saturday night.
Please make a reservation as there are always people outside lined up to eat.
There were 2 groups waiting in line and my brother and I had reservations and they got seated before we did.
The waitstaff is friendly and courteous.
The food is delicious and the cocktail menu leaves you wanting to drink more.

Great Flat Bread Pizza, I had the Prama, Arugula and shaved parmesan cheese pizza, yummy!.
Descent service, great view of the poker area at the Wynn.
A little pricey,   I stay at the Wynn/Encore when in town and always love this place.
Consistently good.

My wife and I settled on Allegro for our Anniversary as we wanted to go to a nicer restaurant where you needed to dress up.
When we arrived several people were in jeans and a t-shirt even though the website listed that collared shirts are required for men.
We were also surprised to see kids in the place even though on the website it says they are not allowed.
The food arrived and it was absolutely awful, everything was bland and boring, I could have had a better meal by going to Olive Garden and spending 1/3 of the price on the food.
Thanks for ruining our Anniversary dinner Allegro.

HUGEEEE pasta portion.
Appetizers were definitely not needed with the heft of my spaghetti.
When I can't find something thrilling on the menu at an Italian restaurant, I'll often opt for the spaghetti with meatballs.
It's a classic dish that, if they can't get right, bodes unwell for anything else.
Fortunately, the noodles were cooked al dente and the meatballs moist.
Unfortunately, we started with a selection of cured meat and flatbread pizza so I was stuffed by the time my entree arrived :(  Came back later after a night of drinking, though, to have some extremely satisfying post-drinking pizza.
But so did everyone else.

We stopped in for a quick bite to eat before our show.
Very impressed with how fast they were able to seat us, considering no reservations and a Saturday night.
The bartender made sure we had a drink while we waited.
Our server was unprofessional, not trained very well in customer service and lack luster with his service.
They served our bread basket 30 minutes after we sat down and removed with in 10 minutes.
Our chicken francaise was DISGUSTING.
The very 1st bite was nothing but oil filled chicken.
I have never had it prepared like that and I had to cut to the middle just to get some kind of decent bite of chicken.
Our server took forever to check on us, was barley around when we needed our check and took forever again returning with our change.
My stomach is still churning from that horrible display of food they called chicken francaise.

I dined here with coworkers on two different occasions while on a recent biz trip to Vegas.
We had worked long and hard all day on the two occasions that we visited so we wanted and needed something delicious yet reasonably priced and conveniently located within our hotel as we were dining into the later hours of the evening.
Good thing for us that Allegro is open all night until 6am!
When I originally checked reviews of this "casual" option within the Wynn, we were almost scared off with the amount of people that ordered "pizza" - we didn't necessarily want food that was uber casual and being from NYC/NJ, we certainly did not fly to Vegas for a flat-bread with high end cheese and sauce.
But guess what - it was delicious!
I didn't order it myself but on both occasions at least one of my coworkers ordered a flat-bread pizza and was extremely delighted!
On both nights I tried a slice of each and enjoyed both the meatball version as well as the Vegan with roasted veggies on top.
The first night I ordered the Amazing Fava Bean & Yellow Beet Salad to start and had the Veal Marsala for my entree.
A couple nights later I had the Arugula Salad along with the Mushroom Crusted Salmon.
I could probably eat here every night and be perfectly happy with this fresh, delicious food!
It all starts off with a beautiful bread basket and a white fava bean & garlic spread so don't miss out on trying that!!
The Banfi Chianti Classico is highly recommended but there are actually several wines on their list that are reasonably priced.
Definitely dine here at least once if you are staying in the Wynn and looking for an affordable but classy "casual" dinner option.

Trying to decide where to eat before seeing Le Reve, we were walking around the Wynn and found Allegro.
We put our name on the list and stopped in the bar.
The drinks were very tasty so a great start.
Got seated and decided on the special, which was a homemade sausage and buckwheat pasta plate, and the Zuppa Guazzetto, as well as a side salad.
The caeser salad was split for us to share and very nice taste and portions.
When the entree's arrived, both were good, but we thought the Zuppa was a little bland.
The special plate was flavorful and unique, but wouldn't be a repeat for me as the buckwheat flavor was a little overpowering.
The other dinners we noticed from the nearby tables were nice portions, pizzas looked great as well as the spaghetti with meatballs.
In retrospect, I probably should have gone with a pizza, the spaghetti or lasagna, but we will go back to try again.
By the way, Le Reve is spectacular...

Good overall, but over priced in my opinion (but most restaurants on the strip are).
We had calamari and bruschetta for an appetizer (both good) and I had tuna (good, but a little too much salt and cream sauce on the veggies was kind of heavy).
Portion size was normal for the things we got, not too big, not too small.
Didn't get dessert because there was nothing that I especially like (and I generally like dessert).
So I don't know if they're good or bad, just nothing I wanted (no cannoli).
Service was pretty attentive, far better than average I'd say.
Overall just nothing special that would make me want to go back.

Excellent Italian food.
I have eaten here three times and had great experiences each time.
I've had the veal parmigiana, rigatoni and meatballs, and the margarita pizza.
I didn't care for the meatballs, but I wouldn't say they were "bad".
I just didn't like them.
The wait staff was very attentive and the service was excellent.
They ask for your last name when you get seated and the call you Mr./Ms.
X for the rest of the time there.

I was extremely skeptical whether I would find anything to eat here when my friend suggested it, but I was instead so giddily surprised!
They have gluten-free pasta made from quinoa & corn!
And it was dairy-free to boot!
Besides the pasta being a tad al dente (gf spaghetti noodles need to be cooked slightly longer otherwise they'd snap into short pieces like it did for my dinner), it was delicious - full of seasonal veggies and drizzled with olive oil & crushed garlic.
I finished the entire plate (and the portions were not skimpy).
A definite Vegas regular for me from now on!

I chose to eat at Allegro because it was reasonably priced and right by the theater to see La Rev.
I have to say, I was very pleasantly surprised.
This is a classic Italian restaurant.
The food was just excellent.
I found it even better than Sinatra's next door, for far less money.
I had the lasagna.
It was as good as I have ever had it.
Service was great.
We had tickets to the show, so dinner came out fast, but not rushed.
Even talked to the head chef, who was a very nice guy.
If you want a nice and casual Italian meal for a descent price, I think Allegro is a great choice.
It is better than many of the more famous Italian restaurants in Vegas.
Highly recommended.

This place rocks!
I really cant tell you how I have missed it in the past.
Maybe because usually I am headed to the "Sports Book"  and just walk right past it.
This is one of my new favorite spots.
The food is delicious.
If you want a quick bit and don't want a fancy sit down this is it.
GREAT food and GREAT atmosphere.
The flat bread pizza is awesome!

Appetizers: The arugula salad ($12) had a really good home made lemon vinaigrette which was maybe a little salty but over all well done.
The Escarole and Bean was tasty but nothing special for $13.
Arugula Salad (12) and Escarole and Bean Soup (13)  Entrees: We went with the Stracci Pasta (28) which is like torn pieces of flat pasta and Lentil Rigatoni (27) which had a really yummy filling which served well with the rigatoni.
Wine: $19 for a glass Red Wine, that seems a little crazy, especially considering I ordered at the bar just waiting for our seat.

Came here at 5:30 on a Saturday night and we walked right in since it was pretty early.
My family had the pepperoni flatbread pizza and they raved about it saying the bread is what made it special.
Had the shrimp ravioli and it was good but nothing special, which is sort of the vibe going in the restaurant -- good but nothing special.
Nice spices and and good bay shrimp garnished the ravioli, but the ravioli themselves were sort of rubbery and had an unpleasant texture.
5/5 for the service of Allegro, and 2/5 on the food, even the bread basket we got was cold, and if you're in the Wynn and want some good eatings consider Bartolotta but dress appropriately or one will be denied access.

The lasagna took me back to my childhood - Sunday meat sauce was everything I had hoped for.
Also had the veal parm - gigantic portion and the taste was good.
Bone-in chop for the veal was fun but didn't really add much.
Nice atmosphere, good wines by the glass - a nice place to eat.
If you're looking for southern Italy - this is it.

Strata, Corsa, now Allegro!
Still tastes the same... still a staple for us when we are hanging out late on the strip!
Oldie, however, a goodie!
Always the savory smell of meatballs, even though I do not eat meat anymore :-)  Your constant companion,  ~deirdra

Been here twice and loved the food and cocktails we got.
Topped our meal off with a creamy cappuccino and call it a night!

Super spendy but the only thing open late with Vegan options.
The brussell sprout and potato pizza was pretty self-explanatory and nothing special.
Great service though.

Came here to eat after watching le reve :) At first I was a bit skeptical about spending so much money on Italian food but I was pleasantly surprised by the food!
We ordered the rigatoni with meatballs and the bosco (I think that's what it was called?
) pizza.
The rigatoni was good but the pizza was delicious!
It was topped with mushroom puree, ricotta, and truffle oil.
I would definitely recommend the pizza if you decide to dine here!
The pizza is also large enough to share between 2-4 people :)

The risotto is my all time favorite dish at the Italian restaurant.
Very nice interior with Dean or Frank singing in the background.
The service is fast and friendly.
The food is very tasty, and they give you a nice size serving that is really.filling.
Five stars.

What a lovely restaurant.
The service was great and so was the food.
They had a quinoa pasta and the gluten free eater in our party was so excited to be able to have pasta--she really enjoyed it.
Others had the pizza Bianca and the veal Marsala.
No one had anything but good things to say.
Save room for dessert-the pistachio cheesecake was amazing.
Very family friendly--I would recommend this to anyone looking for a nice Italian restaurant.

We arrived at 4:30.
They informed us they were not open for another hour.
we stopped in elsewhere before returning at opening time.
The seating is in view on the casino.
Our server was very kind and accommodating.
We ordered the truffle pizza.
My friend visiting from Vancouver had already eaten but he took us here just for this pizza.
The bread came in a variety with a nice sauce for dipping.
So good I took some home.
The pizza was lovely.
More rectangular shaped.
Mushroom in a paste sort of texture spread under the cheese.
A nice scoop of ricotta on every slice.
The truffle...
Always amazing on my palette.
Loved it.
No need for any condiments on this one.
Would definitely come again and order this.
Service was great!

We were at the Wynn for a conference and heard rave reviews about this place from our colleagues.
I wish I had tried this place earlier.....yes, the food was that good.
This restaurant is very veggie friendly and the service is top notch as well.
I ordered the following: - Margherita Pizza: This is DELICIOUS!!!
I wish I had a bigger tummy to stuff the whole pizza that night.
I was craving this pizza the next day as well.
It is thin-crust and very well made.
Loved it.
- Mezzi Rigatoni: This pasta is made European style without any sauce.
It has butternut squash, lentils, and fresh herbs.
We ordered it without the Burrata Cream.
The pasta was delicious.
I am craving it as I write this review.
Overall, I was very happy with the food and service at Allegro.
My company has an annual conference at the Wynn, and I cannot wait to go back to this place and try the other vegetarian options on the menu.

We spent 5 days in Vegas and ate here twice; and we weren't even guests of the Wynn!
Between the two visits, we sampled quite the spread... Let me just say that the bread and garlic spread they bring out at the beginning of the meal are TO DIE FOR!
For all of you carb-concious ladies out there... SUCK IT UP AND EAT THE BREAD; you will regret it if you don't.
Margherita Pizza = large, super thin, amazing Calamari = not very big of a portion, great dipping sauce, standard breading Caesar Salad = big, great for sharing, mild in the garlic department Seafood Risotto = not as good as you would think, tomato sauce base, not creamy, strong seafood flavour (on the tasting menu but don't let that fool you), expensive.
The atmosphere, service, and prosecco we all awesome; the hostess team is really friendly and fun to talk to.
Don't go in wearing sweatpants, but not over-the top fancy either.
Bread and pizza.
Enough said.

Allegro was great.
Came here even though (unfortunately) staying at another hotel after come here last trip to Vegas.
The food is amazing and the waitstaff very friendly and accommodating.
They were able to alter dishes based on food preferences and allergies.
We had the bruschetta three-way to start.
And for entrees had a pizza - incredibly thin and light crust, much better than overbearing thick crusts - and the quinoa pasta.
Who knew of quinoa pasta?
They've got other good vegetarian and vegan options even though that's not their focus.
All this great food and serviced was topped off by some pretty good drinks poured heavy.

This is the Italian Restaurant for the Wynn.
Started with a couple appetizers for thew whole table, calamari and bruschetta.
Easy enough, right.?
Well not so easy for this place.
The calamari looked like the phony calamari (pig intestines deep fried) with each and every piece looking identical.
And it was rubbery and served luke warm.
The bruschetta was even worse.
Two pieces of stale, cold toast,one topped with a tomato slice and a piece of cheese, the other had a slice of tomato, and some sort of potato sausage ball sliced into four cubes.
I quit there,and did not even order a main course.
Please Steve, get someone in there who knows how to cook!

We went here because it was the only late night place open at the Wynn, where we stayed.
The service was slow and the food was good, but not mind-blowing.
I would probably venture out of the Wynn to find late night dining next time.
It's overpriced and not worth it in my opinion.
But it tasted good!

Bar area is a great scene!
Go there if youre in a social mood though, not when youre trying to feed your face;-) I totally couldnt get the guy next to me to chill!
The salmon was really good, and they had a great wine selection!

This was the only restaurant opened in the Wynn when we arrived around 3am.
For this restaurant they will confirm which room you're staying in so you can have either the option to charge it on your hotel bill or pay normally.
Very elegant, and very presentable from the outside in and even on the tables with their silverware and folded up napkin.
The service was very professional considering that it's located inside a very nice hotel.
But when it comes down to the food, I was not impressed nor my friends.
We all felt that it very bland and just attracted the customers by its nice scenery.
If we had the option we would've ate elsewhere, but we were starving and that was the closest restraunt we knew of.
If you can make the drive or walk to another restraunt within the area, I'd reccomend it.
You might get better food, but kudos to the service indeed.
Slightly dim inside, and they have a pretty extensive wine menu if you fancy wine.

Great food, and good vegetarian options.
Drinks were also excellent.
It's pricey but worth it for a special dinner.

Two nights of amazing club fun was followed by two very late night (or early morning) meals at Allegro.
I always seek out macaroni and cheese when in a drunken haze, so was bummed when the menu didn't have it listed.
Whether it was the adrenaline still coursing through my body or the alcohol, I insisted the waiter ask the chef if it would be possible to make macaroni and cheese.
BOOM.
Ask and you shall receive.
And it was sooooo good.
Totally legit 4 cheese macaroni with a baked top.
The second night there, I once again asked the Allegro server for macaroni.
He insisted it wasn't possible only to return from the kitchen saying, "Been here 3 years and still learning new things.
" :).
Have a feeling I'll definitely be back in the future!

The best part of this restaurant was the super hot group of Brazilian girls sitting next to my buddy and I. I would go back for sure if they were there again.
Don't come here for the pizza.
There is a simple problem with the pepperoni pizza: it doesn't taste good.
It was also $24 and when you throw in drinks, tax and a tip.
That dinner was about $50.
Definitely not worth it.
The only reason this place gets 3 stars is because its very convenient for people staying at the Wynn who don't want to leave the hotel at 4am.

Visited on 2/22/2014 before catching La Reve.
Our sever Roger was amazing.
Attentive and knowledgable on wines and food recommendations.
We were a group of 4 and went for the 4 course Chef's tasting menu.
Delicious!
We enjoyed all of the items that are prefixed.
Be forewarned that we were close to full after the first course of appetizers and we had to stop eating so we could enjoy the rest!
Great size portions but almost too much.
Being a group of hearty eaters however we finished up everything they brough after the appetiizers..haha..My favorites: meatballs, carpaccio, bruschetta, Rosotto Pescatora, filet mignon and eggplant parmesean that was served with the entrees.
We struck up conversation with a  wonderful woman dining alone who had the salmon and kale salad.
She raved about both!
Would definitely come back and it was just a few steps from La Reve.

Great service, excellent food, Linguine and clams, Callamari, excellent simple arugula salad.
Straight forward service and solid food nestled between Encore and Wynn .
Pizza could use some love ..

Nice Italian restaurant.
I had 18oz steak with asparagus that was great.
It was better than the steak I had the night before in Del Frisco.
My boss had meatballs and pasta which he thoroughly enjoyed.

I came here to eat after seeing La Reve.
I was also staying at this hotel.
I highly recommend this hotel, not just because it is top notch service and clientele, but because every restaurant I dined in was very helpful and aware of the food allergy issue with gluten and dairy.
Most places at the Wynn have a special menu, and the Chefs will come talk to you.
Here at Allegro, the drinks were spectacular.
The salad I had was beautiful and yummy.
I just can't say enough about the food here.

Not sure what to say about Allegro.
The restaurant is nice, and the food is ok, but the outrageous cost of the food ($30 for a person pizza) really makes me question its worth.
The positive is that it's open late (but most places in Vegas are) ... and the food is good ... but if you're going for cheap eats then this isn't the place for you.
Overall I don't think the quality of the food justifies the cost.
But that's just me.
Stay Cheerful ;)

If I could give 3.5 stars I would.
I think I thought more of this place before but my recent visit here was just ok.  Service wise they were friendly even with a toddler in tow, but food wise...meh...the calamari appetizer was ok, dipping sauce was tasty.
Pizza and lasagna was ok, it was good but nothing so amazing that I would make a trip to the hotel just to eat it.

So I was meeting friends from out of town at the Wynn.
They suggested we just stay at the Wynn for some drinks, appetizers, and great conversations catching up in life.
Allegro is someplace that they have been too few times during their stay this trip so why not.
It was the first time for me.
Talk about great service and even better memory from the hostess.
Like mention before my friends been here couple times already.
So as soon as we were getting seated she mention remember the name and just something hardly see restaurant takes notice of repeat customers.
Overall our waiter was very attentive giving us time too order knowing that we were more about conversation then eating.
Never empty glass of beer or mixed drink the whole time.
We went just for appetizers and drinks.
Not problem.
The menu is your standard Italian fare  high end strip $$.
I let my friends order since they been here few times.
We got the beef carpaccio and meatball pizza.
The beef carpaccio was nice.
It was refreshing too see carpaccio not about bunch of stuff under or topped off.
It was simple just shaved parm, nice wild mushroom of some sort, and seasonings on top.
One that with each bite can taste majority beef just the accent of the toppings.
The pizza very thin crust style pizza or could call it new york style.
I liked the meatballs nice flavor, moist, and juicy on the inside cooked properly.
The tomato sauce felt like could have had more flavor.
Overall would say solid pizza but thin crust style had better at other restaurants.
The bread basket like the assortment.
Allegro definitely has your upscale Wynn feeling too it.
The chairs really comfortable and talk about heavy.
It takes effort too push your chair in more less when your about too leave.
seriously.
Thankfully its open kitchen because nothing inside terms of decor that really makes it stand out.
I feel better Italian high end places on the strip or outside the strip.
I would be open too going back trying more of the menu.

What a great place to get casual or fancy.
Beautiful setting and great location.
My husband tried their osso buco, that was amazing and so huge.
You would think that the portions in a nice pricey restaurant like this will be tiny, but this could have been enough for three big men.
On the other hand, I had the no-meat half moon ravioli, that was the best ravioli I've had yet!
Unfortunately, their online menu isn't updated, so I can't figure out what was inside of it.
SOOOOO GOOOOD though !!!
Definitely going there again when we return to Vegas!!

Came in around 1:30 in the morning on a Friday, so of course they're sort of busy.
Understandable.
However, it took forever to get attention from the waiter after he left the menus.
The food didn't take long to come out after we ordered, so it wasn't the kitchen, it was solely the wait staff.
I ordered a Caesar to start, a petit filet minion, with potatoes au gratin and asparagus as sides.
Yes, I was starving.
First bite into the salad and the only thing I tasted was salt.
I had maybe 4 bites and put it to the side.
My perfectly cooked meat was inedible with how much salt was added on.
I was so saddened by this.
As you might guess, this was the same story with both of the side dishes.
The cocktails weren't anything to get excited over, and the glass my champagne came in was sticky.
Gross.
I would rather eat a sandwich at the quick 24- hour cafe right next door next time I'm at the Wynn.

What stood out to me most about Allegro was the high quality of ingredients.
On that first bite, you can tell that the olive oil is extra virgin and the parmesan is freshly shaved.
Everything they served was imported from someplace legit.
It's a nice enough place in terms of ambiance and the edge table where I was seated was excellent for people watching on the casino floor.
The service was attentive without being annoying and took special care to remember who I was on subsequent visits.
The prices are a little high (but that's the Wynn for ya) and it's not exactly like grandma's kitchen (preventing that elusive 5th star) but as far as Italian restaurants in a desert go, head and shoulders above the crowd.
Dine in confidence.

Pretty good food.
Nice wine selection, little pricy.
For being the only place open late on a Sunday night, they did very well.
The appetizers we great.
Got fried calamari and some little flat bread thing.
Main course was pretty good, again little pricy but I would most likely go back if I am at the Wynn again.
If you have a hankering for some Itallian food, this place will hit the spot.

After La Reve, very convenient location, but really mediocre food.
The Carbonara was horrible, over-cooked pasta, tasteless sauce.
Mozzarella and prosciutto appetizers were beyond boring.

Allegro is open in the middle of the night - awesome!
We went after an evening at XS.
The food was quite good; I ordered the canneloni and also tried my friend's pizza.
Nice ambiance and friendly service.
The only down side are the prices (as to be expected in Vegas).

Allegro gets a huge amount of foot traffic because it really is the first restaurant seen coming from the parking garage and Encore hotel.
My buddy and I tried this place out and were left full and satisfied.
We shared the bianca pizza which wasn't really that good.
In fact, the crust was really dry and the flat bread lacked cheese.
As an entree, this pizza is large enough.
My buddy ordered the carbonara which comes with homemade pasta, a pretty heavy cream sauce, great smokey bacon, mushrooms, and nasty bell peppers!
I would have loved this pasta to death but the bell peppers ruined it for me.
I had the moon fish that's served with mushrooms and lobsters in a citrus sauce.
I didn't particularly like the sauce being overly tart and acidic but the fish was cooked properly.
Allegro is a rather casual upscale restaurant but there are many better options at the wynn/encore

