Newly opened on Waterloo Place, Pep and Fodder, from the team that brought you the Bon Vivant, is a smart and stylish city centre cafe.
The cous cous salad I sampled was beautifully seasoned, packed with flavour and a complete riot of palette pleasing joy.
Overall, we said: "So I was very pleased with Pep and Fodder.
It certainly merits a return visit, once they've had a chance to bed-in a little more, and once they have their soup on the go.
It has a nice array of cakes and pastries, too, so it may well be worthy of a visit from our Cake Questing friends soon, too.
I'd heartily recommend you pop in, next time you find yourself at the east end of Princes Street.

Very, very friendly, good lattes, nice croissants and pastries.
We stopped back im after a few days and the staff remembered us and asked how our trip has been.
Very charming atmosphere, kind folks, good teas and great vibe.

great addition to the central cafe scene.
I work nearby and despair of Starbucks etc.
P&F provides a nice relaxed space with great food and coffee, and friendly service.
I feel strongly about the need to support such places but this is a place that I would come to anyway because its great.
I thought the pastries were fresh.
The paninis were interesting and packed with flavour.
Above all for me, the benchmark, great flat white.

I kept forgetting about Pep & Fodder.
As soon as I heard it had opened, by the owner of the Bon Vivant (a favourite bar), I put it top of my 'to try' list.
But it's in such an innocuous wee spot and not in an area I normally pass, that I kept forgetting.
Until one late Saturday afternoon after a hike around Arthur's Seat and Calton Hill found me more than hungry and in need of food and coffee, and just about to head to Broughton Street.
Wait, no!
Pep!
Let's go.
I really like the interior, and the friendly smiling staff.
The only reason it's currently sitting at three stars is the choice seemed to be a little lacking.
It could be that it was slightly later in the day (2.30pm) but they had one type of soup on and maybe 4 sandwich choices?
And a few of your standard cakes.
Now this is still good, but the Edinburgh café scene is a varied and strong one.
Specialist coffee shops, specialist tea shops, specialist soup cafés, cafés with the best caramel shortcake, cafés with fresh juices and smoothies.
I think for me what Pep & Fodder was lacking was anything special that helped it stand out.
If I were in the area, I would certainly go here again, but I wouldn't come out of my way.
That is the only reason though - it's not convenient.
The carrot and orange soup was quite nice, and a good portion.
And the pastrami and beetroot panini was really good and generously filled.
I really enjoyed my lunch here, and the chilled out quieter atmosphere.
And I'll definitely go again to see what else they have to offer.
It could be that it's new and still finding its feet.
I imagine perhaps more deli items, like cheese boards and olive selections and 4 types of bread might bring out its strengths more.
Knowing the Bon Vivant and how good their food is, from their £1 starter bites to their full mains, I think perhaps Pep & Fodder is just still growing into itself and I hope it'll catch up.

This is a nice little coffee shop near the western corner of Regent Gardens.
My sister and I stopped in and had coffee and (I believe) a sweet lemon bread, both of which were good.
The staff were friendly and chatty.
The décor was also pleasant, with bright colors and some neat art hanging on the walls.

Despite working nearly opposite Pep & Fodder for the first 4 months of its existence, I had never noticed it before.
Oops!
And since moving jobs I've not been up Waterloo Place way for a while, or at least not in search of food.
But, this Saturday, after a stroll up Calton Hill and in desire of some lunch and a cup of tea my boyfriend and I strolled past and thought "Yep, that place looks nice", and it was.
The decor's lovely, the lime green tiles particularly, and they were playing a Beatles best-of (FAB).
The chap who seemed to be in charge was very friendly, to everyone and not just us, which really makes you feel appreciated as a customer (I was asked twice how my soup was).
I had a breakfast tea and their soup of the day, carrot and corriander which was served in a mug with a slice of bread.
I've been trying to cut down on starchy carbs but couldn't resist the bread, mmm.
My boyfriend ordered a mocha which was served in a little glass cup.
Sweet.
Price wise it came to less than £7, which wasn't too bad.
I'd agree with previous reviews that comment on the selection available (or lack thereof), only one soup, and teas listed as "Breakfast" and "Herbals" (I assume if you enquire further they have several, as I spotted an Eteaket sign, but it's not obvious).
Oh, and whilst the breakfast menu looks decent it was strangely lacking in eggs.
But, it's a nice cafe, and perfectly located for a quick pick-me-up after visiting Calton Hill and if I'm in the area again I'll pop by for a brew.

