Above the Crust just opened up.
It has really nice atmosphere, a couple tv's and friendly workers.
We dined in but they also deliver.
I am really picky about my crust but this was probably the best I have had that I can remember.

I can't say that I've tried the pizza yet but the homemade potato chips are life altering!
One of the Moms at the dance studio close-by highly recommended them so I just had to see for myself.
They are well seasoned, crispy and hearty!
They also come with a tasty ranch dressing that has a nice garlic punch.
My two daughters consumed most of the generous portion of chips and have begged to get more every time I've taken them to dance (3 times a week).
I'll try the pizza some day...if I can ever resist the chips!

The best pizza in town.
Seriously!
Huge slices great toppings and good specials!
Hope all of you enjoy

Above the Crust has an outstanding menu.
I am a hearty eater, but find it hard to consume the whole stromboni, the large delicious Antapasta Salad, and so many more excellent choices.
The pizza is the best I have had since NY days.
Thank you Above the Crust for your prompt service and fresh hot pizza and more.

Best pizza within a 15 mile radius and actually tied for best overall in Vegas in my opinion.
The sauce is just sweet enough with a perfect blend of cheeses.
I have also had the wings and fingers--- amazing and I am very picky about good hot fingers.
They have great specials that they post on Facebook.
The large pizza and wings for 24.99 was an amazing deal.
The pizza was too big for the box and the wings were plentiful.
They give tons of homemade ranch and even threw in some garlic knots.
It's best eaten there but even to go this is the best pizza I have had in a long time and certainly the best in northern Vegas!
My only slight complaint is the outer crust can sometimes be very crunchy while I prefer it a bit chewier but still delicious and not enough of a concern to lose a star.
You NEED to try this place :)

The large pepperoni pizza was very good.
It had a ton of cheese, good crust, and plenty of pepperoni.
It is nice and close; a bit pricey but better quality than the regulars like Pizza Hut, Dominos, etc.
I called in the order and it was coming out of the oven when I got there about 12 minutes later.

Read the reviews and couldn't wait to try this place.. that was my first mistake, I should have waited a long LONG time ;)  Firstly, the restaurant is located in a small strip mall with some funky parking.
Went in, was impressed with the cleanliness and it certainly smelled wonderful.
Hubby was hungry, so he ordered the chips and dip, 2 garlic rolls, and a large pizza..
I quickly changed it to a small pizza, and I'm doubly glad that I did.
Chips and dip arrived - hubby thought they were both fantastic.
I thought they were good, but hardly "life altering".
The chips are homemade, no salt on them, and fried until hard.
They're too thick to be called crispy.
The dip was called Ranch and it was all you tasted.. Ranch dressing.
If there were other seasonings in there, they were lost.
Then the pizza arrived, and we reminded the guy about our garlic rolls.
He quickly returned with 2 foil wrapped rolls.
Hubby opened his and tasted it immediately.. then set it down and never picked it up again.
He said it was cold and boring, so I didn't open mine at all - not going to waste time on something that bad.
The pizza toppings were fresh and the crust was crispy.
Not thin, not thick, but sturdy.
However, the sauce had virtually no seasonings to it - a frozen pizza generally has more flavor than this did.
There was a shaker of oregano and another of garlic located with the shakers of pepper flakes and dried parmesan cheese.. once those were added, then it was okay.
I have serious issues with a pizza that has to be seasoned afterwards.. isn't that the cook's job?
I had one slice, hubby had two.. and we tossed half the small pizza as not worth saving.
On a plus note, the fountain coke tasted great ;)

Above the Crust is a great neighborhood Pizza Place!
Staff is very friendly and the place is spotless.
The parking...who cares!!
Its a quiet older strip mall..who cares!!
Its about the Pizza...and well the pizza is darn good!
We enjoy the calzone and stromboli as well.
They are huge and sooo cheesy.
The garlic knots are fantastic, tons of flavor...perfect with the garlic ranch.
Tonight we enjoyed the chicken cordon bleu pizza...outstanding!
The two slice special with a drink is a great deal at 5 bucks.
Oh and Fried cheesecake....seriously!

Local pizza with a gourmet attitude.
I ordered a Greek Pizza with Chicken and it was fabulous!
The spinach was sauteed perfectly to blossom it's flavor, the chicken was moist and tender, and the cheese was a wonderful blend of mozzarella and feta.
This was followed by a fresh, hand made cannoli!
Great spot!

Ordered a salad and a couple slices with  pepperoni, jalapeño and pineapple.
Pizza was very good - crust with a little crunch, not overwhelming sauce but a little sweet and spicy.
Salad was giant and full of decent greens (no iceberg here!

I've seen this place driving by numerous times -   I called to do a delivery and the lady that helped me was nice, she just seemed a bit unorganized.
I don't mind if someone is new, and this may have been the case.
They delivered within 40 minutes which is what they stated.
The lady that delivered was nice, but she dropped my food on the porch.
I felt horrible for her and she seemed genuinely sorry.
I told her it happens and not to apologize.
The pizza box barely opened, but it was all squished together.
I didn't want her to have to go back so I told her I'd keep it.
I still tipped as well.
She said she would call me when she got back to the restaurant to offer me a free pizza.
That never happened unfortunately.
I ordered -  Fried Mozzarella - very soggy when they arrived.
Garlic rolls - they were good.
Very thick heavy bread.
Sausage and black olive pizza - I was very disappointed with the pizza.
The sausage was a bit odd.
They had sliced sausage and it seamed to be huge thick chunks of chicken sausage which I'm not a fan of at all.
The crust was okay.
It tasted like most frozen crusts on thin crust pizzas.
Also, they had almost no sauce on the pizza at all.
I had a side of marinara that came with my fried mozzarella that I ended up dipping my pizza in to get more of a taste.
Overall, the food to me seemed very poor and lacking in much flavor.
Pizza seems to be a very hard thing to get right.
I was hoping well for this place, but it looks like I'm going to have to stick to my normal pizza joint.

My family and I dined on the large AC special pizza.
Good and tasty thin pizza.
We will be coming back.
Decent prices.
Nice guy behind the counter.

The pizza was delicious and the sandwiches very large and flavorful!
A great place for families!

WAs next door getting my car checked out, and had time for a slice or two  of pizza.
It was really good... Nice crust.
Sauce was good.
and the cheese was perfect..  What more can one ask for.

We found this place on Yelp and will definitely be back.
The staff is friendly and courteous.
The restaurant is clean and the prices are reasonable.
I love that their large pizza is actually large!
I will say that if you like your hot wings wet, you have to ask for extra sauce.
Overall great meal.

Had an opportunity to check this place out this evening with my meetup group the Las Vegas Pizza Posse.
I had heard about the pizza and just had to try it for myself, and I have to say I wasn't disappointed.
Some places slather on way to much sauce and it drowns out the other flavors as well as making the crust almost inedible, but not this place.
Let's start with the crust (since that's where all pizza begins), just the right amount of doughyness and crispy outer edge, that perfect flavor that melds with the sauce, the cheese and just the right amount of toppings for that explosion of flavor in your mouth.
I happen to be a real bacon nut, and I have to say I'm not sure what kind of bacon they use, but it sure was full of flavor, and pieces the size that when I bit into bacon I tasted bacon, not everything around it but the bacon.
The service tonight was really good, they definitely know how to take care of their customer.
One little extra is the fact that you can stand at the glass and watch as they make your pizza, not always important to some people, but I really like the fact they don't disappear into the "magic kitchen" and come out with the piping hot pizza.
This is a GRRREAT place for taking a small group of say 10 to 14 people (we had 13 and no problem with seating for everyone), so if you're looking for a place to take your friends, family or co-workers be sure to check this place out.

I'm a NYC girl and you know we need a good pizza when we are craving food from " home".
Do not miss out on the AMAZING pizza from Above The Crust.
We go almost EVERY Tuesday for the buy one get one free special.
Throw in a couple of cannolis (made to order) and you have a meal fit for a NEW YORK KING !!!!
Highly highly HIGHLY recommend !!!!
Love you guys !!!

We were hungry but wanted to stay close to home so we ended up at Above the Crust.
I've had their pizza and chicken wings at Johnny Fontane's before and thought they were both good.
The first thing that caught my attention as I was walking up to the counter to place our order were the garlic rolls.
They looked so good.
We got a large half sausage and half pepperoni pizza and some garlic rolls.
Pizza: Great thin crispy crust, tomato sauce didn't taste like cheap goo, the sausage and pepperoni made the pizza a bit greasy, and the cheese stayed ooey gooey.
4/5  Garlic Rolls: Comes with marinara.
Warm rolls that are garlicky and tasty.
A bit crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside.
4.5/5  The girls that work here are really friendly, attentive and were making sure the place was clean.
They deliver and they have BOGO cheese pizza on Tuesdays.
The owner is from New York...mmmmm...pizza!

We ordered their pizza, wings and fingers for a small party.
The quality was good and they delivered in half the time.
We are excited to find a tasty pizza place close to home.
We are definitely fans of Above the Crust.

There is nothing NY about this pizza.
I dont understand why all these yelpers gave this place such high marks.
My cheese pizza tasted like it was sitting out all day then thrown into the oven to heat up.
It tasted just like a frozen pizza.
Crust was thicker than typical NY pizza.
And the cheese and sauce were nothing special.
On a positive note, the cashier/waitress was more than willing to make us a new pizza when we told her we were not happy with it.
We opted out.
I really dont think there was anything they can do to make it taste better.

Anyone can make a pizza.
This place has perfected it!
Perfect crust, fresh toppings, excellent customer service.
Kid approved!
Lunch special is excellent.
Two slices and a drink for $4.95.

GLUTEN-FREE AND AMAZING!!!!!
Now that I've shouted it to you, I finally found a pizza that I crave.
Not a cracker-crust or a board, this gluten-free crust is delicious.
The sauce has a delicate blend of perfect herbs and spices.
The owners truly care about their product and it shows.

I'm from NY, got a slice and wings.
Slice was really good, wings were good too.
The owner is from NY and is really nice.
definitely will be goin back for some legitimate new york slices.

Came here last Friday night based upon the Yelp reviews and it was convenient.
We got the large AC special pizza for $18.95.
The toppings were green bell peppers, onions, sausage and pepperoni.
The sausage was round and thinly sliced like pepperoni is.
The portion of sauce was okay, not skimpy but not overly generous.
The sauce had a slightly sweet flavor to me, which I didn't prefer.
Tasted home mad though but still doesn't necessarily mean it is excellent merely because it is home made.
We took it home so I can't judge whether the crust was crispy or not - we heated it back up when we got home prior to eating on a pizza stone so the crust was crispy.
So overall decent thin crust pizza, not on par with Lombardi's in NYC or such but decent.
I am a thick crust girl but as thin crust goes I prefer the thin crust (and thick crust) over at Dom Demarco and I personally think that is more "authentic".
The caveat being I am not from NY but I have ate my way through it.
I think the price is a little steep for what you are getting but I am glad I tried something new.
I wasn't thrilled with the ambience in the restaurant, that was the deciding factor in taking it home.
They tried to make it a warm, fresh venue with the paint and decor, however, the acoustics were poor and although there were only a few people in the restaurant it seemed loud.

Soggy bottom, that's the ultimate no no in my pizza loving eyes.
The sauce, toppings.
Everything else was good, New York style, tons of cheese.
The soggy bottom completely ruined it though.

Been living in Las Vegas for a good amount of years now and I must say I was very pleased with the pizza from Above the Crust pizza and you can't go wrong on Tuesdays when their large pizza's are 2 for the price of 1!
The pizza has a very good crispy crust and a good amount of cheese and sauce.
The sauce is a tad bit on the sweet side but at least it has flavor which I can't say about other pizza joints in the area.
The only thing that is holding them back from a 5 star review is I felt they could've added more pepperoni to the pizza.
They're kind of cheap when it comes to toppings.
I will gladly be visiting Above the Crust the next time I'm in mood for a NY style pizza on Tuesday.

We ordered delivery last night.
It was edible, but I've had better.
If there is a next time I will not order spinach in my calzone.
It was like they balled up frozen spinach , squeezed the water  out and threw it in.
No seasoning, it was barely warm.
It tasted gross.
Once I removed the spinach ball from the calzone, it was decent.
We also ordered a buffalo chicken pizza along with buffalo chicken fingers.
That pizza was a disappointment because it was only a cheese pizza with cut up buffalo chicken fingers on it.
Where's the blue cheese crumbles?
The side of hot sauce?
It was just so-so.
The crust was good.
And why is there no web site with a menu?
Sorry, but it's aight....

Pizza time!
Order a Sausage / Pepperoni Pizza.
Very greasy and cheesy...just how I like em!
The crust REALLY reminded me of take n bake pizza LOL.
Tasted different than any other NY style pizza I've had before...does authentic crust = cheaper ingredients = take n bake flavor?
Overall, it was good...just not my style of dough I guess.
Also ordered Garlic Rolls!
Good amount of garlic flavor with a sweet marinara.
I enjoyed the crispy outsides, but the insides were a little bit more "doughy" than I would have preferred.
Perhaps it's just the dough they use here?
I'd recommend giving it a shot if you are in the area, but it didn't really impress me personally.

I ordered  a gluten free pizza with jalapeños and mushrooms, Italian wings, and a side salad.
Everything was SUPER good.
The food came in a timely manner and was hot and fresh.
Well definitely order from them again!
So happy they deliver to my area!

I'm a recent NY transplant and I tried Above The Crust on a whim one day.
I've tried a few other places around town and NOTHING is as good!
I'm addicted to Above The Crust and I drool just thinking about it.
I eat there at least three times a month.
I can only speak about the cheese slices (because why bother with toppings?
It's just so good plain!
) and they are perfect and never disappoint.
I ask for mine well-done/extra crispy.
The owner and whole staff are incredibly friendly!
Just GO here!

Really great pizza!
Service is quick, quality ingredients, good value

This place was great!
The chicken cordon blue pizza was incredible.
Long stringy cheese.
Hot wings were superb.

I love this place.
Im kind of particular about my pizza and this place has become my go to spot.
I've also enjoyed their wings and fingers.
Good portions for decent prices.
It's a cozy little family owned place.
I'm assuming the man I always see working is the owner and the girls that are working are his daughters.
Very friendly people.
I'd recommend anyone to try it.

The pizza is great.
The calzones are amazing.
The girls are sweet and they are convenient to get to.

Sooo good!
The pizza here is AMAZING.
Plus their lunch special is a GREAT deal.
Two huge slices of pizza with a soda for $5.95???
YES PLEASE!
Their garlic nots are delicious and the perfect amount of garlic for this garlic lover!
And the owner is So nice!
Will definitely be back here every chance I get!

Well my mom came in here for lunch today with some Co workers and insisted we come back for dinner.
My father and I had the fried zucchini as an app which was incredible to say the least!
And we also had their baked ziti pizza.
....TO DIE FOR!
My mom had the meatball parm sub that's or of this world.
The sauce is home made and so full of flavor it should be illegal!
If your not eating here I don't know what your doing with your time!

OMG.
This place is great.
Being someone who is from the east coast I'm a big fan of New York style pizza.
This place nails it.
The crust is so good, the pizza is so cheesey and it's not greasy like most pizza places who claim to have "New York style pizza".
Get ye cheese pizza and ask for their homemade ranch on the side (it is so good).
Dip your pizza in the ranch and enjoy, you won't regret it!

Damn good pizza.
$26 for a large 3 toppings with extra cheese.
Pricey...but damn good.

I was shopping at the nearby Centennial Center as I do pretty much every week and even though there are many food options within the shopping center, I was bored with those options at the moment.
I decided to pull up places on the good ole yelp app and came across Above the Crust.
It's on Ann Rd across from Painted Desert, so not too far behind Centennial Center.
Deciding to give Above the Crust a try, I stopped in and placed a order.
They have so many good deals going on each day!
It being Tuesday meant that I could get a large pizza free with the purchase of a large pizza and toppings an additional $2 each.
I went with a large cheese and a large pepperoni and added a couple "Garlic Rolls" priced at .95 cents each.
I really liked the taste of the pizza and the sauce on it.
The rolls had a nice garlic and butter flavor on the outside, the inside was a bit too much bread that was tough.
I prefer a more traditional knot personally.
When I walked in, I was greeted with a friendly hello from all the employees and I was given a menu and a flyer that shows the current daily specials offered.
Sunday and Monday ($32.95) - Large pizza, bucket of wings, 4 garlic rolls and a 2 liter of soda.
Two for Tuesday - Buy one large pizza get one free.
Wing Wednesday (24.95) - Sampler bucket of wings, choose up to 4 flavors.
Friday Special ($29.95) - Large pizza and a bucket of fingers.
Stromboli Saturday ($17.95) - Large pizza and any stromboli.
Daily special ($5.95) - 2 slices and a drink.
They offer delivery and also offer sandwiches, salads and calzones.

