Overall 3 Stars  Ok show.
Not sure if I would recommend.
But if you love MJ, you will prob love the show.

First of all, I like Michael Jackson.
Am I obsessed with him?
No.
I got tickets to this on the showtickets.com site for over $50/person (better to buy via this site.
)  You could also buy through Ticketmaster.
So be it, this is Vegas and I'm there to have a little fun.
There's tons of other shows a whole lot more expensive.
I figured it would be a fun and interesting show.
This show is held at the older Rio Hotel off the strip.
I must say, this will be in my memory for a LONG time and I wouldn't mind seeing it again someday.
The guy who played MJ, named Justin Dean or Deem (don't know exact spelling) was PHENOMENAL!
He looked, sounded, and danced just like MJ!
He had those dance moves down pat!
His look and voice were just about as close as an impersonator can get.
I had a good seat right up front.
The show lasted a good hour.
The back-up dancers and musicians were also great.
Now yes, they did have us waiting in line for an hour before they opened the doors since it's first come first serve for each of the seating areas, but that's not any of the performers' faults.
The employees even handed out t-shirts as we entered the theatre.
At the end, there was a photo opportunity where people could take their picture with the impersonator.
It was $10, but I went ahead and did it for fun...what the heck!
I even told Justin that he did an amazing job and he was nice and gracious.
Anyone who likes Michael Jackson will love and appreciate this show.
My boyfriend thought it was fabulos as well.
Think of it this way...the impersonator must be good, he's performing in Vegas after all!
If he wasn't any good, no one would see his show, but the place was packed and I went on a weekday in Dec.

IF YOU ARE A MICHAEL JACKSON FAN, THIS IS A CANT MISS!
With that said, I am not an MJ fan but I respected him as a performer and a true entertainer so impersonating him is not an easy job.
From beginning to end, this guy Justin Dean performs nonstop with little rest.
The show is only an hour but imagine yourself trying to sing and dance for 60 minutes!
So I give him props in what he does.
He gets as close as you can get to the real thing.
The stage and lighting are pretty good.
You got a combination of live music via one guitarist, a drummer, and a DJ who plays background music.
His back up dancers do a solid job.
There is really not a bad seat in the house.
Only negatives I observed were that the sound of his voice when he sang was a bit low.
Sometimes the music was louder than he was.
The other thing was that some of the dancing has more potential to get even better.
For example, when he was singing Smoothe Criminal, what would really stand out would be if he did the "lean" just like in the video.
Just that alone would be awesome to duplicate on a live stage show.
Overall, if you are a hardcore MJ fan, 5 stars would be automatic for you because in your eyes he probably would do no wrong.
In my opinion, its worth seeing at least once.

The guy was exceptional.
I love MJ and I think many MJ fans would like this production.
He has the look, sound, flare, wardrobe, dance moves, etc.
I just love this tribute and MJ deserves an entire tribute show in his honor.
I would go back continuously if the price was right.
The shows gets off to a rocky start (with a little lip synching and some mediocre dancing) but as it moves, it gets so good...and so real.
They also need way better marketing for this show.

The actual show was definitely a fun experience.
So, I'll tell you why the three star rating.
Minus 1 star because of the line management and they didn't start the show on time.
The line to get in was absolutely ABSURD.
The ticket said that the show started at 8:45, however, the line didn't start moving until 9:15.
The show started at probably 9:30.
Ridiculous.
Minus 1 more star because the performance was a little low budget.
For a Las Vegas show that we paid $50/ticket, it looked a little on the cheap side.
For example, the Jackson 5 costumes just didn't work.
Way off.
The good part about the show was the actual performance.
I thought the performer did a good job with his representation of Michael Jackson.
The backup dancers were great as well.
For someone that isn't an extreme MJ fan, this was a thoroughly enjoyable experience that was really entertaining.
I did take my Mom, though.
She is a huge MJ fan who lived through the glory days of the Jackson 5.
She seemed to enjoy it less than I did, possibly because she was able to notice more inaccuracies.

Fantastic show!
The guy has all the moves and the exact voice I was really surprised the place was rockin.
So don't believe the haters trust me, it was really good.
He sang all the songs, great back up dancers, awesome lighting etc.
It's a Vegas show people go have some fun and drink a few cocktails.
If you're expecting THE Michael Jackson well honey let me tell you he is dead I am sorry but this guy right here, he will let make you believe he has come back to life for an hour or so.
Go enjoy have fun I also think they have a great deal on Groupon.
Heeeee Heeeee!

I'm not usually into impersonators and I am an MJ fan.
The show was actually a fun and entertaining show.

Awesome show

If you are a Michael Jackson fan you probably won't be disappointed with this show.
It was a tasteful production...not some tacky impersonator show.
A tip...when you get your ticket(s) you don't need to buy the VIP/golden circle level, no point in spending the extra $$.
This is an intimate venue so the seating is not different at all.
All the vip ticket gets you is earlier seating and table service if you want to order from the bar...that's it.
The views are the same just because this is such a small venue.
If you are staying on the strip you might as well save yourself the cab fare or driving and take the free shuttle that runs between Harrahs, Paris/Bally's & Rio.
The show runs about an hour.
4 stars because as someone else pointed out it does seem a little low budget, but hey, it's not a Cirque production.
Marked not sure for kids...first, kids shouldn't be in Vegas.
Secondly, not sure if they would be familiar with Michael Jackson...depends on their age.
Also, depending on age, the doors for seating open around 9 so this may keep them up beyond their usual bed time

This show was fun and entertaining.
The guy who plays Michael did a great job!
He looked, danced, and sounded like the real deal.
I really liked the back up performers and there were many memorable parts of the show for me.
I don't know if I would have paid a full price ticket ($55 on Ticketmaster).
We bought the Living Social voucher.
The show was only 45 minutes long.
The show seemed a little low budget for the original price.
We had the VIP seating and we could see very well.
It was an intimate venue.
I also really enjoyed how the back up performers came out to the audience.
It was a fun way to spend our night in Vegas.

I bought my tickets on on Vegas.com and I paid a discounted $64 for VIP, which is usually double.
I agree with Jaramy 5/1/13 description but the extra $5 bucks went a long way.
With a purchase of 3 or more tickets they threw in 1 FREE kid ticket + 6 FREE MJ Live T-Shirts.
My group ages ranged from 8 years to 76 years, and YES all enjoyed the performance.
We were all pleasantly surprised that the "Michael" performer (a.k.a.
Michael Firestone) sang live and danced so well.
He sounded exactly like MJ, it was amazing!
The male and one female Asian dancer in the group were without a doubt on point and mimmicked the "Michael" quality back up dancers of the past.
But the other female performers were stiff yet really pretty, which in this case, helped their dancing abilities.
My only compliant, (slash) recommendation would be to get to the ticket office as earlier as possible.
I stood in a line at will call and the casino only had one person behind the counter to service like 25 people in line, and man-o-man that "Shante" was SLOW?
But after 45 mins with being only 5th in line, the show was  great and left you believing Michael Jackson was REALLY on stage.
I wanted to give 4-stars for the wait at will-call, but that would be a dis-service to the performer Michael Firestone, Thank you sir for a job well done!

It's alright.
I  mean it's entertaining but at the same time, it's not flashy Vegas luxurious type of show.
For me, I had a livingsocial deal $56 for 2 so it was worth it.

I loved this Show!
It was full of energy and the set design, dancers and costumes were top notch.
My kids truly enjoyed it as it felt like MJ himself was there.
Jalles Franca was very professional!
Awesome.
I asked permission to take photos of the show and I was granted permission.
Wow!
I took many good shots.
I used a Nikon D70s with 55-200mm lens and no flash in aperture mode and sport mode.
Wonderful results!
If you are in Las Vegas and you are looking for a kid-friendly show, THIS IS IT!
Jalles works very hard making Micheal Jackson come to life.
I appreciate his skill and talent.
If you are a true MJ fan you will love this show.
Tell everyone you know so if they ever go to Vegas, This show is a must see.

pretty small venue for a "vegas" show.
big negative - had to wait in because there is no seating arrangement Positive - MJ songs!!!
do I need to say more???
not worth $40........

This show was awesome.I saw MJ at Mandaly Bay and this show was so much MORE!!
!Being a MJ fan all my life Jellas Franco as Michael.
really did a fantastic job.This show was so much fun and after he took the time to autograph the photos we bought!!
!Would totally recommend this to anyone who loved MJ!!!!
Lisa Meyer

I would say this is the next best thing to seeing Michael Jackson live.
The Michael Jackson impersonator actually sings every song.
There was only maybe 1 or 2 songs that i could notice that he didn't sound too much like the real Michael, but then again who sounds like the real Michael but no other than himself.
In the beginning of the concert he sings a song then talks to the audience with the Michael Jackson voice, and I was like wow this is crazy.
Every dance move is on point.
The theater is a nice small theater so basically where ever you decide to sit at, you will get to see Michael just fine.
I haven't seen any other Michael Jackson tribute concerts so i can't compare this one, but if you decide to go, you will not be disappointed.

Sorry I just did not like this show.
I felt like the impersonator did an excellent job imitating MJ dancing.
Where was the big Las Vegas production?
There was only a guitarist, keyboardist and a drummer with no good backup singing.
The performance sounded like a karaoke.
Come on Rio make it a big production.

Nice venue.
We went for the Michael Jackson tribute concert and had a BLAST singing along with "MJ".
The venue was clean and the seating was all pretty good in terms of view.
The bathrooms were convenient and there wasn't a big wait at the bar.
Nice venue and great show :-)

Show was fun and entertaining!
Big draw back, everyone around me (in  front of me and to the sides of me) was using flash photography making it difficult for me to see at times.
I think flash photography should not be allowed.
No need to buy more expensive seats, small venue any seat in the room is a good one.

GREAT SHOW.
We got comped tickets for the VIP a d it was great.
The Brazilian MJ impersonator is GREAT.
He's friendly too.
We all took pics with him after and he's awesome.
Brazilian Michael, if you read this don't forget you owe me a hat still!!

wow!
amazing probably one of my fav cir shows in vegas!
my fav is ka !
my show was at 930pm and i arrived on time.
the place was super packed i had to ninja my way through the herd of people that likes to just stand there in the walk way!
right when you show your tickets and get in.
theres  photographers ready to take your pic like its the red carpet .
very interesting and a bar to your left .
the showroom is very nice and spacious.
we sat towards the back since i like to see the whole room from side to side because theres usually dancers or some cir going on.
the show started promptly on the time.
right from the beginning to the end i was on the edge of my seats waiting to see what the next performance!
everything was beautiful played from costumes, dancing, and story!
i freaking loved it!
i want to take my mum whose a huge mj fan!
ok this is the bad part- we were seated next to  the aisle and that sucked because when the show was starting and im getting interested watching, engross theres people coming in late walking and its super dark inside because of the lights on stage .
next, the seats.
theres no room from your knee from the seats in front of you.
of course my row i had people needed to pee so instead of just scooting back and make room for the person to pass, i had to get up every time to let them pass.
other than that perfect!

This show starring Michael Firestone plays in the 900 seat Crown Theater.
We had general admission tickets so we were seated a bit toward the back and left of center, but both the sound and view were very good.
Most of Michael Jackson's biggest hits and signature dance moves were covered during this 60 minute performance.
We thought the accompanying band and eight dancers were all very good.

Yes, there are no assigned seats in the theater and if you want to sit close you should arrive nearly an hour before show time.
That really doesn't bother me, that is kind of what a lot of the shows here do in order to rush you in and get you out for the next show.
The person who plays Michael is very, very good.
His voice and his moves do the King of Pop proud.
My biggest complaint with the show is that it is short of an hour.
It could be at least 20 to 30 minutes longer.
I had a deep discount on the tickets, but if I paid $50 a ticket, I would feel a little bit cheated for getting under an hour of entertainment.
I would have loved to have heard songs like "Ben", "Scream," or even someone who could be a Janet impersonator.

I was able to attend this show on Friday, November 15th 2013.
I was completely blown away by MJ's performance.
I was told by a couple of my friends to go when Jalles Franca was performing.
My friends weren't wrong; Jalles sang the songs just as I remembered Michael doing them and Jalles' dance moves were equally incredible (someone has been study Michael Jackson for a long time).
I had decent seats, with saying that, I don't think there were any bad seats in the theater with the way Jalles was constantly running around the stage and keeping you pulled into the MJ experience!
I can't wait until next time I am in Vegas with my entire family; I just hope that Jalles is the entertainer at that show.
Great show Jalles!!!
I highly recommend this show!

Parts of the show were really spectacular.
Other parts were just ok. Would be great if somebody picked up this show and put a little money into it.
The MJ impersonator has talent.
Only about 2-3 of the back-up dancers were even ok.
The rest were on par with a good high school performance.
So much potential to be really good.
Make this a $100 ticket, double the effort and this could be amazing.
With that said, it was a good time for $50 for some MJ fans.

I was able to attend this show on Friday, November 15th 2013.
I was completely blown away by MJ's performance.
I was told by a couple of my friends to go when Jalles Franca was performing.
My friends weren't wrong; Jalles sang the songs just as I remembered Michael doing them and Jalles' dance moves were equally incredible (someone has been study Michael Jackson for a long time).
I had decent seats, with saying that, I don't think there were any bad seats in the theater with the way Jalles was constantly running around the stage and keeping you pulled into the MJ experience!
I can't wait until next time I am in Vegas with my entire family; I just hope that Jalles is the entertainer at that show.
Great show Jalles!!!
I highly recommend this show!

You know that little voice in your head that says not to go down that alley or drink that last drink?
I was feeling that when booking for this show, but I thought, "Hey, it's Michael's music, I can do that.
"   Boy, was I wrong.
Any time that you are seeing an impersonator, you have to remind yourself that they will never be as good as the original.
Good, maybe even mediocre, and most of the times just god awful.
This falls into the category of sheer fuckery, almost comical, and a bit sad.
If you're playing Michael Jackson, you have to have the chops to not only sing, but dance as well.
I felt that I was at a Happy Hour Karaoke, the dude's voice annoyed the heck out of me and he also forgot the lyrics most of the time!
The mic went out at some times too.
I found myself completely ignoring him and focusing my attention on the dancers and the musicians--that itself tells you it wasn't worth the price!!
As much as I was glad it was over, it was only an hour!
Really??
I hated that the switching from song to song was so fast, it didn't give enough time to let the moment simmer, so to speak.
It was like a game of how quickly I could get through the songs.
SMH.
The audience seemed amused.
Some people really go into it, so what do I know.
The place is circular with seats, plus a bar that charges ridiculously for their drinks.
Meh.
Do yourself a favor, save your money and go see MJONE at Mandalay Bay.

A must see to Believe!
Absolutely Loved this show, Michael lives on!!!!
Good job Rio for grabbing this show, definitely a Golden Show!

Thank you groupon for this opportunity.
Was able to get tickets for $33.
I'm going to sum this review up with one run on sentence:  If someone were to take me to this show while mj was still alive and told me it was the real mj, I would have never disputed that person, but would thank them graciously for the experience.

It's fine but not amazing.
It's just like a small concert but by the end of it, you feel like you may as well have just listened to an album or something.
The bar is way overpriced BUT they do give you a fat amount of alcohol in a drink.
And you can't bring outside drinks so be aware of that.
I wouldn't recommend seeing this if you're a huge MJ fan because you are either paying a lot for sitting close enough to the stage for your attendance to even matter or you're sitting way too far to even enjoy yourself.
However, I don't think it was bad enough for me to not have gone at all.
I feel that it was as middle ground as I can get.

Saw this show this past Monday.
Seems to draw big crowds so would recommend showing up before 815pm for a 900pm show.
Had a deep discounted GA ticket so just to put in perspective.
Reg price is $64.
GA seats are in the back on regular chairs so do not expect comfy seating.
In fact try not to sit behind anyone because the seating is not theater seating so heads will be in your way.
I suggest sitting closer to rail with no one in front of you even if it is to the side is better than seating toward the center and back.
There were plenty of MJ songs, Billie Jean, Bad, I'll Be There, etc so if you like MJs music there is some fair amount of entertainment.
However I was not wow'd.
Could be in part due to the venue and bad seating.
His singing is ok, not great.
It is fast moving so that keeps the pace fast and less boring.
It is an average show at best so just dont have too high expectations.

Great show.
Entertaining and fun.
Costumes were great and MJ looked like the real MJ

This show was ok...I am a huge Michael Jackson Fan...I felt that the performer didn't really have enough natural energy and no originality....it was sort of like he had watched a million Michael Jackson performances and performed them to the letter.
It was sort of cookie cut for me!
Not a lot of passion in the act...but  I clapped my hands and enjoyed the music though.
It was entertaining enough for a night out in Vegas.

We like MJ and love his music, but we were so bugged that the performer kept breaking character after most songs.
He thanked people in his regular voice and character, completely taking the audience OUT of the dream that you are watching MJ.
The whole point of an impersonator show is to trick the mind that you are seeing the real deal, but this guy jolts you back to reality every time.
The back up dancers are pretty lame, and surprising for Las Vegas, even at the Rio.
The music is generally good, but if you happen to miss this show, you like will go on just fine.

Went to go see MJ Live last night with the hubby,   Obviously you can expect the typical Las Vegas Impersonator type, So for those reviews expecting something a lot like Michael Jackson, you're crazy.
Anyway, for an impersonator he was fantastic, the dancing, the singing, just made you feel great and Since I've never been to a MJ concert when he was alive, it made me imagine what it was like, the thrill of thriller, and the activity throughout every song was very moving.
The only thing that was a little off, there was absolutely no commentary between songs, just went song to song to song.
The only talking was the narrator at the beginning and end of the show.

I'm not an MJ fan, but the tickets were comped, so can't complain.
The performer's voice is even higher-pitched than the real MJ's was, so wasn't quite right.
Real MJ fans will probably enjoy it, though.
They did a fairly decent sampling of his anthology.
I'll give them a "B" for effort.

Best Michael Jackson impersonator.
Buy the tickets through group on for VIP seat you pay around $33.
i was three times in this show and i like it.

We went to the show that featured Jalles Franca as MJ.
The show was great!
After we got back to the hotel, we watched some Michael Jackson videos and Jalles' dance moves pretty much were dead on!!!
He was also very nice and humble and autographed the picture we purchased.

Entertaining impersonator!
Toni sang well and danced lively.
The show gets off to a slow start but by the third or so song everyone is clapping and letting loose.
I would recommend this show to families of young children.
Line up early though!
Only complaint: Bouncers jeered behind the audience members...apparently motioning for us to leave faster.
While "Michael" was sweet and patient.
I would watch this show again.
Rio ask your bouncers to be more professional (at all times).

Excellent show!
Justin "Michael Jackson" was good.
He had all the moVes down.
Very nice voice.
He blew Human Nature out of the water.
Would highly recommend this show.

