Holy cow, when did good old Sizzler get so expensive!
The Steak and Lobster which used to be an affordable $14.99 is now $21.99!
Even the senior meals have gone up.
And the steak looked pretty tiny, even for $8.99 (see photo).
It was a tad chewy but did have real good flavor.
The broccoli was excellent, Texas Toast was good, Peach Lemonade was pretty sweet.
It was included with the meal but I would rather pay a dollar or two less and just drink water.
I don't drink much during meals.
I don't know why they make you pay up front when everything else is like a regular restaurant, server double checks your order, brings your food to you, checks back to see if everything is ok, refills your drink etc.
My server, Andrew, did an excellent job.
I thought it was a good idea to have people cut into their steak when it arrives to make sure it is cooked the way they like.
That probably saves problems later like people taking advantage by eating part of a steak and then saying it isn't done right.
Mine was perfectly cooked for medium rare.
The broccoli was cooked perfectly.
I could taste salt on everything though.
I noticed alot of overweight people eating there, probably because of the all you can eat salad bar.
I felt like I got a better deal money-wise at Golden Corral based on my last visit there but the Sizzler is close and convenient to motel.

Ordered fish & chips......steamed broccoli was cold.
(wouldn't melt butter) Fish was under cooked.
Chatted w/manager.
Comped me my next lunch.
This was the first time I have ordered food from the kitchen.
On the flip side, the salad bar is wonderful!
The cold is cold, the hot is hot.
Constant attention is given to cleanliness & freshness.
Try the fried chicken wings, and ask your server for an order of cheese toast.
Yummy

Wow, what a blast from the past!
I hadn't eaten at a Sizzler since it was popular in '80s, so when we saw that they opened up again where Taco Tote used to be, we had to go and check it out!
When we walked in, it was like reliving my childhood, when we went to Sizzler as a special dinner, to gorge on the salad buffet and the unlimited fried shrimp.
Seeing that the salad bar itself was $8.99, and that for only a dollar more I could get a half dozen of fried shrimp, I figured I might as well!
The shrimp comes with your choice of side: either some incarnation of potato (fries, baked, etc.
) or veggie (Such as steamed broccoli).
The shrimp looked just how they did in the '80s, pounded then battered and fried.
They were decent, nothing too special, but not bad.
The salad bar has various salad greens, toppings, and dressings to choose from.
There's also an area with cold shrimp and halved avocados.
I was excited to see that they had such high quality items, but unfortunately the execution was something left to be desired.
The shrimp was deheaded, but whole, so if you wanted de-veined shrimp you had to de-vein them on your own.
The shrimp was also overcooked, and a bit tough as a result.
The avocado was a nice touch, but unfortunately many of them were slightly under ripe, so they tasted a little sponge-like rather than creamy.
The hot foods section along the corner area of the buffet has items such as buffalo wings, meatballs in marinara sauce, and a taco bar.
There are also desserts here, like brownies, bread pudding, and soft serve ice cream with various toppings to choose from.
The taco bar was probably the best part of the hot bar.
There are various outer shells to choose from (Tostada, hard taco shell, soft tortilla, taco salad bowls), 2 meats (Ground beef and carnitas), and veggies (Such as pico de gallo, jalapenos, guacamole, cheese, lettuce).
There's also gooey nacho cheese and refried beans at the counter.
The carnitas was probably the best out of all the taco toppings.
It was slow cooked, and had a rich, deep smoky flavor.
Service was good, drinks were refilled and dirty plates were removed as needed.
One thing to note is that you cannot add tip to your receipt since you pay for your meal first, and then sit down, so cash will help for tipping your waiter!

Great alternative to the now defunct Sweet Tomatoes.
A huge unlimited salad bar with tons of choices and all very fresh.
Also included is a choice of 3 different soups, tacos with all the fixin's, wings both hot and mild, and pasta and meat ball sauce too.
Nice clean decor and good friendly help.

OK; let the haters give me crap, but I don't care.
I like this place.
I asked yesterday about whether this restaurant was still open since the website was down and I could not find any information on this location.
So the responses to my question were not helpful -- just a lot of nonsense from people trying to be funny, I guess.
So I drove up there for a late lunch with my daughter yesterday and found it still open.
We both thought this place was very good.
Let me explain - the entrees like shrimp, steak, fish & chips, ribs, chicken, burgers, etc.
etc.
are mediocre at best.
But the salad bar is super great.
I am a salad bar fan and they have a lot of fresh salad materials, great condiments, and great salad dressings -- whomever makes the salad dressings or whomever they buy them from, makes topnotch salad dressing.
My daughter liked the blue cheese dressing which was creamy and rich (not vinegary) with big, big chunks of blue cheese in it.
The salad part of the salad bar is better than most other salad bars -- like I said, I like salad bars.
Better than Golden Corral, better than Ruby Tuesdays, better than Souper/Salad!
and Sweet Tomatoes.
And BTW, the soups were excellent too -- three choices yesterday -- clam chowder, chicken noodle, and broccoli/cheese.
The other part of the salad bar was chicken fingers and Buffalo wings.
They also have a complete taco and tostada bar too, with lots of stuff, including fresh, shredded carnitas.
They even have the tortilla shell bowls for making taco salads.
And FRESH (fresh and super good) guacamole.
Some fruits, jellos, puddings, cakes, cookies, and soft serve ice cream with a lot of toppings.
My daughter said the soft serve was good quality type, similar to McDonald's -- she should know....she is a junk food/fast food expert.
But the best part is that the price for the salad bar is $6.99 (lunch) - AYCE.
And for $3-4 more, you can add a nice entree.
Fish and Chips for $3; Half pound cheese burger with fries - $4, and the same for six, big, deep fried shrimps.
I ate all my food including the salad bar stuff and the entree, but my daughter took her fish and loaded baked potato (substitute for french fries) home.
She said her strategy was going to be to order an entree with salad bar the next time, and again take the entree home for her dinner to eat later.
I kinda agree with her on this strategy, it is certainly worth the price.

= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!
= = = = =  Yeah, happiness is a new Buffet to try!
I missed the September opening of this beautiful Sizzler until it showed up in a Talk Thread a couple of days ago & Robyn N. alerted me to it.
This location features a big, beautiful, very comfortable dining room.
I started with a bowl of their famous Clam Chowder, & it was delicious.
Soon, attentive Miss Jeanelle brought me a basket of hot Texas Toast to go with it.
Next it was on to the rest of the feast of 83 foods (plus sauces & dressings), including these tasty treats:  Avocado slices, EXCELLENT cottage cheese, FRESH pineapple, two kinds of fish, hot wings, fried chicken wings, Rotini with Maranara sauce & meatballs, tacos (su elección de Carnitas o Picadillo), more soups (the cheesy Cream of Broccoli was great!
), tortilla chips with delicious, zingy Guacamolé, & so on, ending up with a nice Chocolate Sundae with nuts.
It's a high 4-Stars for this excellent alternative to the Valley's ubiquitous Oriental Buffets, priced reasonably at $7.99.
:-))

Ate lunch here yesterday.
This time I only had the salad bar for $6.99.
Still very good and one of the best deals in town if you include the hot bar too.
Salad material choices are excellent, dressings are rich and thick, good soups, and the hot bar selection is pretty good too.
So even if you take an entree, the price is still an excellent value and worth going for a casual lunch or dinner.

alright, you live in Mesa so you ain't picky anyway!!!
This was my second visit to Sizzler, and I was hoping that the old memories would come out this visit.
NO LUCK!!!
aside from the obese, crippled, and people with kids(not to mention the Mexican lady dressed to the T's) there really isn't much good to say about Sizzler.
OK, the salad bar is nice and clean, the wing and taco area probably has some dated food.
I ordered the mini shrimp(all you can eat) with a backed potato(requested a little butter and sour cream) a roll and a drink.
The mini shrimp was either over cooked or fried twice because it was hard as a rock, it was all you can eat and one plate was all I could eat.
A little butter and sour cream totally dominated my tater.
as soon as Jazz set it down, I removed the humongous clump of butter and sour cream.
NOTE, the ice cream was good.
Well, Sizzler is in the right place, MESA!
I won't be going back.
The old Sizzler was a cool place, not like this one.
So, if you can't see your shoes, go there.
If you need to raise your cholesterol, go there.
I am positive after eating most of the people head to Bookmans...nuff said.

I was actually a little surprised how much I enjoyed my visit here.
Staff were very friendly and attentive, and the food was better than I expected.
There are a few surprises too, like a mini taco bar with some pretty tasty pork meat and cheese sause, fresh halved avacado that you can eat by the plate full, and all the other little things you'd expect from a salad bar.

I haven't been to a Sizzler in a long time.
This review is for the Salad Bar only.
The salad was fresh and ample variety of fixins.
The hot dishes, chicken was dry...too long sitting out, not one single piece was eatable.
Skimpy on the soups and tacos.
Overall at best 2.5 stars.....

I took my 10 year old, my 7 year old and my almost 2 year old here for a Saturday lunch.
I had not eaten at a Sizzler in 15 years.
Lunch for the three of us was $25.
Kids under 3 are free.
We just did the salad bar.
But let's be serious, not a one of us had a salad.
I ate wings till I exploded.
Not the best quality or the biggest wing but hot and flavorful.
Taco and nacho bar was good.
Mac n cheese made my boys happy.
The soft serve Ice cream was a huge hit!!!
We got home and all wanted to relieve some pressure and nap.
We will be back.

My kids wanted to go back, so of course, we went back.
Not a good idea.
The service didn't exist.
Our plates were never cleared and our sodas never refilled.
Horrible.
Ice cream machine didn't work leaving 3 very upset kiddos.
The best part was the flip that my stomach made during the long two mile trip home.
I need to set far higher standards for my kids.

This is the only Sizz in the immediate vicinity.
I was telling my wife a few days ago that I hadn't been to a Sizzler in a few years and it was high time that we went to one in the Valley.
Today, we did.
Good steak, nice shrimp, not so good salad.
In a lot of ways, this Sizzler is kind of like getting Black Angus and Sweet Tomatoes rolled into one, only that it's a step down from Black Angus and two steps down from Sweet Tomatoes.
Overall though, we had a really nice meal.
The holiday sale of steak and lobster was really nice for my wife, and the "endless shrimp" with a steak filled me up nicely.
The salad just didn't do it for me--something about the taste was bland, but I don't go to the Sizz to graze on salad.
For me, it's all about the meat, the seafood, and the.
Cheese toast!
Yes, this old favorite of mine going back to the 1970s is still here, and still as good as ever.
You don't get the old fashioned plates with the wood underplate and the metal main plate any more, but you still get the same reliable Sizzler steak taste at a reasonable price.
Yes, there are better places to get a slab of meat, but Sizzler will always hold a special place in my heart for a decent steak and fixins with the family.
We'll be back.

Save your $ and time, go somewhere else!
1st there are a TON of "snow birds" that eat here.
I mean the entire place is covered with white haired individuals and you will overhear their loud conversations about the "multiple surgeries" and "horrible symptoms" of this and that...
It's obnoxious.
In fact, when we walked in two elderly couples blatantly cut in front of us.
The lady at the register saw it, and did nothing.
Evidently, unless your old you are second rate here.
2nd on a Friday night at 6pm they were out of salmon?
What?
So we both got the alfredo.
Bad choice.
Even our waitress commented "I think it's disgusting here"... why is it on the menu then for $13.99?!
It tasted like a smart ones microwavable dinner.
Gross and watery with ZERO flavor.
3rd their salad bar was OK - no tomato soup, onion rings, sprinkles or cheese toast (staple items at the Sizzler I once worked at).
Overall, we paid over $30 for bad service and terrible food.
We won't be back and I don't recommend it!

I was SO excited when this Sizzler opened, hopeful it would be better than the one in North Phoenix.
I went and it was the Sizzler of yore...the Sizzler I grew up with.
I've had 2 less than stellar times here, once I ordered a chicken dinner (malibu or something) and one was good while the other one was disgusting.
The manager on duty, quickly rectified the situation, and I didn't miss out on food since the endless salad bar comes WITH your meal, I just ate from there until I got my new order from the kitchen.
My last time I went I got the Chicken Alfredo, a first for me at Sizzler.. it was 'eh" nothing special, about 1 step above a smart one...wasn't bad, wasn't good, just edible.
After my second bad "Dinner" experience I've decided to just stick with the salad bar and cheese toast.. it's really all I go there for..
CHEESE TOAST lol.. and their salad bar is just like I remember as a kid.
My sister and I have eaten here countless times just because of the nostalgia it sparks from our childhood memories.

The steak was actually good, but the fried shrimp was kind of below the average.
The salad buffet was just fine, sweet tomatoes is definitely better, but I may miss the fried wings and tacos!

Was running errands with my GF yesterday and decided to stop here for lunch since we love the salad bar, especially with the senior citizens price.
I had forgotten that Sizzlers advertises menudo on the weekends, so I was pleasantly surprised with the offering this Saturday.
The menudo was pretty darn good -- not the best I have ever had, but very good.
It had enough tripe and hominy (in fact too much), but it did not have any cow hooves or shank/ankles, but still tasted pretty good.
As condiments, they had chopped onions and cilantro, but they should have had Mexican oregano and crushed red peppers to round out the condiments.
But all-in-all, it was very good and with the salad bar, it was freaking great!

Sizzler is good.
Generic salad bar but the clam chowder is amazing.
I like going here.
BUT don't order to go.
They have no lids for salad dressing and nothing to put the soup in.
And no to go cups

It's crazy to revisit a place that I worked at 20 years ago.
The best part was the Texas toast,  it's the same exact recipe they had when I worked here.
But make sure you ask for it because it doesn't automatically come work your meal.
Salad bar was good and clean today on father's day with 3 soups,  potato skins,  shredded pork,  ground beef,  ice cream machine, fruits, pudding and much more.
The salad bar is a great value.
Steak and seafood prices are quite pricey, but for 2 senior meals and and a salad bar with drinks included we ate for under $30.
My dad enjoyed his lunch so we will be back.

