My waxer, Aubrey, was very friendly and she made it feel tremendously comfortable for my first time getting a Brazilian wax done!
I read about how pushy they are with their products and stuff; however, it doesn't mean you need to buy anything.
The wax itself wasn't too expensive since they have me a discount for being a local which was nice!
And honestly, for my first time it wasn't as painful as I anticipated!

While I have my regular spot for these types of services, I needed a last minute appointment at the end of the day and European Wax Center had one, so kudos to them for that!
The facility was clean and modern and the staff was nice.
They offer a free wax to first time customers or a 50% upgrade for certain areas, that was great!
I felt the corporate vibe the second I walked in there though.
At check in, I was immediately approached with purchasing a package and as a first time client, I'm not about to buy 12 services before even trying the place.
My waxer was pleasant enough but awkward to try and carry a conversation with...and anyone that knows me knows, I can talk to anyone!
I've been getting waxed for years and this was my first experience with hard wax...I can honestly say that I prefer traditional wax with strips.
The waxer seemed to have trouble pulling the strip in 1 clean shot and had to try several times making the experience really uncomfortable.
I won't go into the other issues I had trying to pay as I chalk it up to being the last appointment of the day.
I will say that anyone working the front desk should have knowledge on how to void a transaction if need be.
The girl was super nice and accommodating but being told I would have to wait for the manager to get home and do it from her home computer was irritating.
That said, the issue was cleared up and the staff made sure to call me right away and let me know.
If you're looking for a wax center that can accomodate last minute appointments, uses hard wax and is very reasonable priced, then this may be the place for you.
Personally, I'd rather pay a few more dollars and have better results and a better experience.

I can honestly say that after a second visit here, the customer service is phenomenal.
The people, at least in this location, seem to truly care about the experience each client has.
Love that.
My waxer, I think her name was Carrie, was nice and got the job done quickly (which is always a bonus).
She advised me that booking my next appointment immediately would save me money and earn me points toward future services and products, pretty cool.

The staff is very friendly.
They are well trained.
The facility clean.
The rooms private.
The price a little high, however you will receive 5 star treatment.
The wax was different, no strips to pull it off.
It did not hurt my eyebrows.
The reason for 4 stars.
The upsell.
They really work hard at selling the other products and services.
The push was on buying packages.
I can live without that.

This review is longer over due.
As far as waxers go they are very thorough, quick and friendly.
The rest of the staff not so much.
I stopped going because I always felt pressure into buying things(like putting product on the counter while I'm paying for service) and attitude made me uncomfortable.
I went every 3 weeks for almost a year.
I just gave up.
Nice area, lovely waxers...
The rest of the staff not so much.
Maybe I'd return, maybe not.
They get my recommendation for great waxers, clean place, wonderful location, affordable & last minute appts.
That's all

I really love Annie!
I have been to several places and this is by far my favorite place to get waxed.

I was a first timer to waxing and I've been going here for about 6 months now and I've been through a few different wax specialists.
All of the staff is super friendly they make you feel extremely comfortable.
But hands down my favorite would have to be Trisha she's super outgoing and does an amazing job.
I would highly recommend her to anyone looking to get a wax and she gets the 5 stars.
:-)

Staff is really nice here.
I go to nicole and she prides herself on her work.
She likes to shape the eyebrows and to make sure she gets it all for you.
She does ask me if its to my liking and she likes putting on the powder on your brows to give it more shape.
I also notice she will ask me every time if I wanted to change my look.
Which is nice.
In case I want more of an arch this time or not.
One draw back is I think they are required to ask if you want any of their products...it seems they always have a but 3 get 20% off.
What also bugged me a little was they are also required to suggest new products to you...saw you haven't had your nose wax ever...they will ask if you want to try it...and leg wax etc.
I think it'd just up selling...but it's not like other places don't do that.
Other than that great place.
:)   I like their packages...I bought unlimited eye brows for 13 months.
It was a lot up front but seeing how I go every 3 weeks I think it's worth it :)

I've been coming here for about 7 months already & absolutely love it.
I will never go anywhere else to get my waxes.

I just had my first brazilian done by the wonderful Nicole.
She was very informative and the whole time I felt like I was taking to an old friend not just someone who was about to pour hot wax on my lady parts.
She was kind and gentle in explaining the whole process.
I paid 23 dollars since it was my first visit and I bought the ingrown hair serum which was 25 dollars.
Not too bad!
I will be back here most defiantly!

I've tried most the girls but Stacey is awesome!!
She did my eyebrows and she did phenomenal I have the 13 month membership for brows and she will be the only one I see from now on!
She's awesome

Trisha has been my wax specialist for 1 year now.
I've had bad wax experiences up until meeting her.
She is the only reason why I keep renewing my membership.
Super friendly and professional.
Customizes my experience to my liking.
She is very sweet and absolutely amazing at what she does.
You won't regret it.
Thanks Trisha *kat

