May this be a warning to those considering doing business with Home Envisions LLC.
I made the mistake of hiring Zeb Pearce to build concrete countertops in my kitchen.
I told him what I envisioned and he assured me that would not be a problem.
He was confident in his abilities to deliver.
He FAILED to deliver what he promised.
Zeb did the work himself with the help of two others.
Such poor craftsmanship resulted in the countertops cracking within 8 months of being poured and sealed.
I informed Zeb of the cracking and he agreed to come over to fix the mistakes.
However, rather than coming out himself, he sent two others to make the repairs.
The job came out worse than the initial botched effort.
I have yet to hear from the owner, Zeb Pearce, to see if I was satisfied with the work completed, nor has he come out to inspect the finished job.
I do not know what goes into obtaining a contractor's license but I can't imagine that it is anything too difficult, as this guy clearly has no idea what he is doing.
To illustrate how little he really knows about his craft, he actually included a photo on his website without my consent.
I hope by sharing my experience I can prevent others from making the same mistake that I did.
And believe me, hiring Home Envisions LLC would be a tremendous mistake.

This has been the best remodel experience we could have ever hoped for.
Zeb took the reigns and offered great suggestions for our kitchen remodel.
We had an idea but he developed the vision.
We are thrilled with our beautiful counter tops and new cabinets.
We are having him back to complete the flooring in a few months!
Excellent service and so attentive to detail!!!
Thank you ZEB and HOME ENVISIONS!

Great work was done by these guys.
They built me a bad ass outdoor kitchen complete with custom fire pit and pizza oven!
My patio is totally hooked up for outdoor entertaining.
The space is more functional and flows and through the yard much better than before.
Zeb brought several sketches and worked the layout over and over till it was perfect, awesome job!
Thanks zeb and team!

