I love this salon!
New management started as of summertime and they have really done such a great job at making this salon much, much better than it used to be.
The staff is very polite and they will do what it takes to make sure you're happy with your services.
They really do pamper you as much as possible (at one point, I had three lovely employees working on me) and it was so nice to relax and get pretty.
They are inexpensive, too.
I recommend them to anyone looking for a new nail salon!

I take my girlfriend here all the time and she always walks out happy.
We go here at least every two weeks, even get myself a manicure.
Highly recommend it!

Did an awesome job on my full set!
They are the perfect length since I have a two year old I don't like them long!
The only problem is the cut my finger with the drill.... She needs to be a little more careful and then it would be all good!

I just went here for my first time on Saturday.
I'm pregnant and I decided to get a pedi spontaneously so I walked in without an appointment.
I had gone to three other places that turned me away because they were too busy.
Finally I went here and it was nice and calm and they sat me right away.
It was probably one of the best pedicures I've had.
I got the Deluxe Spa Pedicure for $35 (Cheaper one was $30).
I love when places work on the heels and calves a lot and they definitely did.
They had a sugar scrub, oils, lotions, hot towels and hot rocks.
They had great massage chairs and made sure you got a complementary water or hot tea of you wanted.
It was so relaxing and great and the staff was really nice.
Definitely going back and highly recommend it!

I went for the first time earlier this week and had a manicure and spa pedicure.
The spa is VERY clean and new.
The pedicure chairs are also new and very comfortable.
I was the only client and had a very relaxing experience.
The quality of the work was definitely above average, also the majority of the polishes are O.P.I.
and other comparable brands.
I also asked to see the Shellac colors although I did not do it this time.
They had well over 20 colors to choose from and that may be an underestimate.
I did not ask the price of shellac mani so not sure how much they charge for that.
They had a frequent customer reward program, basically when you spend $100 (over multiple visits) you receive $5 off.
The price for a basic mani and spa pedi was $45 which is right in line with everyone else in the area.
The owner was there and could not have been nicer, she was so genuinely sweet.
I'll be back!

I went in for a full set of acrylics and the staff was very friendly and made sure I got exactly what I wanted out of my experience!
The prices were great too!
Would definitely recommend!

The people here are amazing!!
The owner was so nice and Marie does the BEST manicure ever.
She takes her time and makes sure that my cuticles are in tip top shape!
I'm so happy I found this place.
I will most definitely be back!
Come check this place out!

Pretty awesome place!
Got a pedicure for 35$ and it turned out really nice!
The ladies do very thorough painting and don't rush one bit!
I loved it!

They were very nice but my nails were very thick.
I'm not sure if it was the product but I had issues with my nail coming completely off.
I went to one place for over a year and never had one lift so I stopped going.

Awful!
I asked for back fill and she filled off my entire nail and expected me to pay for a full set.
Bad quality nails in the first place.
The First Lady said it was $15, then $20 and the last lady tried to charge me $40.
When I asked for a back fill.
Absolutely horrible!

This is my 3rd visit here and I will never be back!
If I could give it 0 stars I would.
I brought my niece here to celebrate her being on honor roll.
I will never return and I will not recommended this place to any one.
You can get a better pedicure at a better price elsewhere.
The customer service is horrible.
If you come here,  only stay if the man and old woman are here alone.

