I love coming here to wash my car.
I have the cheapest plan, $16 per month for unlimited monthly washes (2x per day) this includes your basic wash and free vacuums.
I started out with the highest plan $22 per month which included air fresheners and little wipes to wipe down the interior of your car as you rolled through the 3 minute wash.
But, I felt it was a bit much for myself as I carry my own wipes and have my own air fresheners as well.
With the and, they stick a small bar code on the inside of your windshield so that you just pull up and the machine will scan it and you roll on through.
It is pretty awesome.
They do have a restroom inside as well as additional you can purchase to clean your car.
Oh, almost forgot to mention the bug prep station.
A long handled brush to scrub away all those bugs you picked up on long trips before heading into the wash.  Definitely worth a try.
I personally love it :)

Absolutely love this place!
For $16 per month I can go through any location whenever I want whenever my car needs cleaning.
Its quick and the people who work there couldn't be friendlier!
There's a self serve vacuum/detail station as you exit the wash.
I would highly recommend clean freak to anyone!

I've been coming to this location for almost a year now.
I use the monthly unlimited plan which is well worth the price for me living in the valley.
The prices for the single wash are very reasonable and you get a good car wash for the drive through.
You vacuum yourself as well as compressed air to air out the water from between spots on your car (think door jams, mirrors, grill, etc) in a shaded area.
I don't mind the self vacuum/air after the drive through as washing my car is almost like therapy.

I won't say what spilled on my floor carpets, but their vacuums can REALLY suck!
Thank goodness because I thought my carpet in my truck was ruined.

Great inexpensive car wash with powerful vacuums!
They also have air guns to blow away all the dust from your dash and water from all the hidden spots on the exterior.
Very simple process, pay the fee, drive through the wash and vacuum.
I have only used the pay per use program but they also advertise an unlimited wash starting at $16.00 per month.
The grounds are very clean and and the process is easy for anyone to use.
You can also purchase passes online if you want.

This is a great value.
Automatic wash does a good job for the most part and for 5 bucks.
You also get free vaccum and air blower to finish the job.
They have an unlimited card you can buy if you like to wash often.

The friendliest service ever!
Great value, I pay $16.00/month and get unlimited car washes.
I'd highly recommend this to anyone who likes to keep their car clean all the time and have a quick convenient way to do it!

This car wash does a pretty good job on cars, but never quite gets my Jeep clean.
The Jeep is usually dirtier than the car for obvious reasons, and the tires are larger so their cleaning and protectant brushes never cover them completely.
Overall it's an OK value but not great.
The $10 wash is similar to what you get for $15-18 at most of the full-service places, but here you are left to dry, vacuum, and clean dashes yourself.
I can't say I'd recommend it really, unless it's for a quick exterior wash.

Love the concept.
This location has vacuums and compressed air stations to help you out after the wash.
The customer service here is top notch.
Seems to be the same core crew of young men and women.
This was an old Danny's Family store.
Unfortunately I think they may have just refurbished the existing wash system to make it their own.
This wash just does not get your vehicle clean.
If you're there to wash away a bit of dust I think it's fine.
However, if your vehicle is 'dirty', good luck.
Several times I've had to ask to go back through.
Also I've noticed an ongoing issue with the compressed air nozzles spitting out a greasy residue.
I brought it to an employees attention and they said it would be addressed.
On a recent trip the greasy haze was still coming out of the nozzle.
Purge and clean the air system?
Here's to hoping the owner can address these issues.
I really want to like this place.
But at this point unless something changes, once my gift card is used up I won't be back.

The only place I'll go to wash my car from now on.
Love that there's FREE vacuums and compressed air -- very easy to clean my entire car with just those two tools.
Customer service is always great and the pricing is competitive (I usually go with the $10 wash).
I'd much prefer to do the drying and interior myself anyway, as the people at other local places that do it for you are usually less-than-thorough.

Place has a problem with their machine.
I am a monthly paid member and only donut because I frequent the one on grand and van buren but the one on 59th and Bell always leaves soap only drivers side area.
Despite brining this issue up to them they never fix it which is frustrating.

Ok, the car wash itself is awesome.
It does a pretty dang good job of getting the car clean.
The design of the car wash is poor!
When it gets busy people are everywhere blocking traffic.
It wasn't well thought out at all.
The customer service is always good and we are frequent customers.

I don't think I will ever go back to waiting an hour for my car to be washed at a full service car wash. For $5 I get a car wash, a cloth to wipe the inside of my car, and compressed air and vacuums.
I'm in and out in 10 minutes and my car is clean with no hard water spots that result from my car waiting in a long line to be dried.
I only wish there was a location closer to me, as I usually have to wait for an occasion to be in the area to justify the visit.

