First time we tried this place.
The food was fine.
Not particularly memorable, but not bad.
I like Genghis Grill better, but this place is cheaper.
And the quantity of food is reasonably generous.
Menu seemed to have a variety of choices.
I quickly narrowed in on the yakisoba.
The teenager went for a teriyaki bowl of some sort.
Both came with rice, and we had enough left over for another meal later.
I wouldn't make a point of coming here, but if I were in the area I could see stopping in for an (relatively) inexpensive bite.

If you're a lover of katsu or teriyaki chicken/beef, this is a great fast-food restaurant.
The food is cooked after you place your order.
The grill right behind the counter so you can see you food being cooked immediately.
Portion size is fairly large and they have a nice selection of lunch combos.
I love that they have the sauces on the condiment bar so you don't have to ask for more sauce!
Parking can be difficult since it's part of the Tempe Marketplace, but not a huge deal.

Great place to go if you don't want to wait for a table at the other food spots.

KInd of crowded at the Marketplace on Saturday nights, but Yogi's had no line and was open til 10pm after the concert.
This place hit the spot with a simple white meat (add 99 cents) chicken veggie teriyaki bowl to go.
The small was pretty big for $7, so that was enough.
Chicken was freshly cooked and some good sized veggies including the usual suspects (carrots, cabbage and broccoli) were present.
Some weird signs all over regarding misuse of to-go sauce were kind of freaky.
You can't get self service sauce to go and they charge 25 cents for more sauce.
This is kind of lame because the two cups they gave me ran out before I was done.
Are you really going to run out of freakin sauce if somebody grabs two extra tiny cups?
This policy was lame.
Shame on all the sauce abusers in Phoenix and Yogi for being so damn cheap and petty.

not a big fan of chain sushi restaurants, this place falls into that category.
This a cookie cutter sushi place.
I went here only because someone else was paying.
If I'm paying I usually spring for more quality where the chef puts a little more soul into his craft.
If you want better sushi try a real sushi bar.

My chicken tasted raw.
It didn't look pink .
I kept trying to strain my eyes to be sure.
And the rice was also kind of cruncky like it wasn't finished cooking.
Someone train the new guy how to do it properly cause it had been fine in the past.
Internet worked good enough for me to leave this review.

Pretty solid in the fast and easy category of food.
My latest venture there produced white meat chicken yakisoba noodles and vegetables and a side of seasoned white rice which might have be free or at least uncharged.
The sauce was spread evenly and the strips of chicken were plentiful.
Veggies were mostly carrots with a few broccoli crowns.
About 8 bucks before tax.
Tried the new spicy sauce and yes it is spicy.

The teriyaki bowls here are usually pretty good.
Unfortunately, the service is usually pretty bad.
Come here for the food.
Don't come here if you want good customer service!

Just got out the movies and wanted something fast.
Go in and it smells amazing.
Chicken cooked on grill in front of you.
Super nice ppl and food ended up tasting very flavorful.
Hit em up after movies.
I had chicken teriyaki and pot stickers!

Food is okay but the service here sucks.
Last time I walked in at 830 and they told me that I could only order something that was teriyaki because they weren't making sushi, salads, gyoza, etc.
Nothing.

Great food and I love the choices!
The kids like to eat there too which is a plus!
my sons and I love the teriyaki chicken and they have a great variety of rolls.
We stopped in for a bite before seeing a movie a few weeks ago.
We will definitely be back.
Great choice for a quick meal!

I come in here minimum four times a week I work in the Tempe marketplace and let me tell you the food is really good but their service is absolute crap they are so rude they don't even look at you in the face.
They look at you like you're asking something wrong if you ask for an extra sauce I was like 22 cents short and they wouldn't give me the food.
Like I said I come here all the time.... No more.

I know it might be a little rude to come in late to get food but we came in 10 min before 9 o clock and they said they were closed... Hmm don't post you close at 9 pm when you stop serving before that...say that you close at 8:50...thanks!
Didn't push to get served because we didn't want spit in our food.
Guess I'll never find out how the food here tastes like

Been to all these "otokoy bowl" types all over.
This one has great flavor.
The chicken is seasoned and marinated.
Simple things like kombu on the rice.
Impressed.

