I reserved a car for 8:30 am friday the night before.
When I came to Enterprise to pick up my car at 9:15am, they said that the car was just having an oil change and it was going to be on its way soon.
The car never came.
They kept on telling me that the car was coming and I didn't have a ride so I couldn't leave.
I asked if they could drop me off so they did.
They picked me up at 11am and gave me a 10%discount but didn't think it was worth it.
I will never rent a car from them ever again.
They wasted my time!

We always rent a car at the airport but we were going to be in town for 2 weeks and decided to rent at another location.
Mostly because of the savings and extra fees attached with renting at Sky Harbor airport.
We chose this Enterprise location because of the proximity to where we were staying.
We had reserved a mid size car but interesting enough when we got there to pick it up they didn't have any.
They offered us several other vehicles (none of which worked well) but took the boat size SUV in the event that we would come back the following day and swap it out for what we originally ordered.
The manager, Matt B., tried to be accommodating.
He said that Sundays tend to be one of their busiest day and they get a lot of cars returns.
We came back almost at opening on Sunday and the place was already busy.
With only 2 agents at the counter it didn't take long for a line to form and have to wait.
Wouldn't you think on one of their busiest days adding staff might be good idea?
It wasn't like we just drove off with our exchanged vehicle.
They had to still  clean it and send the car through the wash before it was ready.
That all took awhile.
Megan, the service agent, was aware of the long way wait and tried hard to get us in and out as quickly as possible.
Was the extra time and hassle worth it?
I'd have to say YES!
The cost differential for renting a car for 2 weeks was over $800 for choosing an off site location.
While this cost differential is unusual it's always worth checking as renting at the airport is expensive.

Car itself was ok - although they gave me a car that had not been washed nor vacuumed, not very professional.
I was in a hurry so I never said anything (although I shouldn't have to request a clean car should I?
) I requested they charge a specific card upon return rather than the card on file.
I even handed the card to the CSR and they still charged the card on file vs the one I gave them.
Also, they placed a hold on my card as well as another card.
They said they refunded the one card only to later find they charged it.
It is currently under dispute.
Fun time being charged in total 3 times for a dirty ride.

I had the best experience, we had to get a car last minute on a Friday because my husband car broken down & went into the shop, they were able to accommodate us so fast & then we were able to keep it an extra 3 days.
Then I was running late to return the car got there right at closing 6pm, I was needing a ride home &  even with coming late one go the girls brought me home about 5 miles from there office.
I was so grateful as it was 103 outside!!!
Thank you all at this enterprise I will rent here always!!!

