This is the second time I have been to this new Jimmy John's location.
I thought the first time I went there maybe they were still new and that's why my beach club was missing sprouts...not the case.
Today I ordered a beach club -unwich (hold the bread) and again no sprouts, or really much of anything.. so glad I paid $7.00 for lettuce a slice of turkey and tomatoes...my receipt says beach club...which according to the menu (and every other Jimmy John's I've been to) includes: turkey, cheese,avocado spread, sliced cucumbers, sprouts, lettuce, tomato and mayo.. eh, look at the picture and tell me what you see.
On top of that.. it was definitely not fast and no one was freakin'..more like we were all waiting around wondering when we were gonna get our overpriced, not as advertised sandwich.

I love this place!
Been here many times, friendly staff,  they have always been quick, and I'm always happy with the food!

I still would go with a Subway sub instead!!
Maybe it was the service that left me wanting more, but I couldn't even find napkins at this place, and the young man that took my order rushed me through it.
I will give it a second try some other time, but for now it was just OKAY.

Okay I have grown to love this spot!!!
** I am in a good and stable relationship with the Beach Club sub right now!!!
:) The dynamic combination of Turkey, provolone, avocado, lettuce, tomato and sprouts with added hot peppers and super light mayo!!!
********Oh soo delicious!!!
********** PLUS!!!
The staff working here is oh soo nice!!!
Maybe the last time that I came here I over analyzed the place, which I sometimes do!!
So I apologies for my previous review, I now know where you guys place your napkins and I'm no longer feeling pressured to make a fast order!!
See ya around!!!

You have been weighed and Measured and found wanting.
First time ever ordering from Here.
Had never had anything from jimmies.
What a disappointment, especially After hearing all my friends rave about the place.
Get a sub with 2 count them 2 slices of roast beef.
There is more meat on anybodies sub than what I got from jimmie.
The bread was one of th ebest I have ever had but noting else existed on the sub.
For that exhorbitant pricing on 2 subs pickles and chips I could have bought a bag of fresh rolls, 1/2 lb of roast beef, 15 oz bag of chips Mayo and all the fixins and had more than I could eat.
I may in the future actually stop ni and try it and ask if they would put some meat on the sub this time but Not really worth the effort when port o subs exists.

This place is better than the one at Desert Ridge- but it seems to have the same problem.
Good food- bad management.
There were about 6 employees in here when I came in and only 2 of them were actually doing something.

This place has always been good to me... Fast service and healthy options.

40min for a sandwich to be delivered not mind blowing like the radio said.
I order here multiple times takes at least 40 to 50 min.
Kinda sad.
Sandwiches are good because you have to wait for so long you get hungrier.

Just wow.
Not like any JJ's I've been too.
They fought over who would take my order.
No one wanted to.
After finally someone stepped up instead of a happy greeting I got not a word and after taking my order I was told the total and given my card back with a thank you or a smile.
It just seemed like they were more disappoint to get a customer even though they weren't busy at all.
With two order my sandwiches weren't freaky fast actually freaky slow.
And the presentation was horrible.
There was more outside of the sandwich than inside.
With a subway right next door you would think they would be better.

Tasty bread and quick service.
Good place for a quick lunch.
I like their veggie sub, its quite tasty.
My husband has liked everything he has ordered, but complains there is not enough meat.
You can buy their day old bread for 50 cents a loaf.
Awesome deal.

They were actually friendly at this location.
The Scottsdale location should learn from them.

Disappointed that Jimmy John's skimps so much on the meat now compared to what they used to.
My sandwich felt a little light walking out the door, and only found 2 slices of meat on my sub when I got home.....forced to have a second dinner.
I think a handful of almonds would have been more filling.
I'll pay for a sandwich that satisfies me, but won't be happy when I pay any price for one that make me hungrier.

I like Jimmy John's they make great sandwiches, and delivery time is awesome!
But if your going to set the bar that high, you have to maintain it!
The last two orders have both taken three times as long as normal, and my last sandwich was sloppy.
This location needs a serious management review.

