I stopped in last week for happy hour.
The bar area is small and cozy.
The modern cowboy decor fits right in with the rest of DC Ranch.
Bob's baby burger was good of course with the green chile on it.
Who really needs the big ass burger any longer when a smaller portion is enough?
I also enjoyed the fish tacos which were breaded and fried perfectly.
Nice friendly service.

I live very close to DC Ranch.
I invited friends from downtown Phoenix to join us at a new restaurant in DC Ranch.
I made a reservation on OPEN Table, easy enough.
We all got there about 1/2 hour early, we had no problem sitting at the bar.
We wanted to sit outside, but there was no available.
Again OK.  We ordered Apps.
Cheese plate fantastic, Mussels excellent, Crab cakes soso,    Dinner was mixed.
I had this, very tasty:  'Red Bird' Rotisserie Chicken  Tamale Pie    16   My Wife enjoyed this very much:  Alaskan Halibut  Corn Flake Gremolata,  Candied Tomato-Jalapeno Salsa    25   Two people had hamburgers Inedible So well done Problem: waiter never came over once to see if everything was alright.
That is not acceptable.
Enough said

Overall, a very underwhelming experience for the prices.
Small inside with the majority of tables outdoors on the patio.
They have plenty of heaters for the patio, but if it rains (which is not too often in this neck of the woods lucky for them), they'll be down to about 40% seating capacity.
So many off-putting things happened on this visit, I don't know really where to start....here's the highlights (lowlights?
):  1)   The rotisserie "meat of the day" was the prime rib on our visit.
By 7:30pm, the waiter came back after taking our order to inform us that they ran out of prime rib for the night!?
Since 4 people at our table had all ordered the prime rib, we had to re-think our orders.
Very unpleasant, as we had come that night with the intention of having the prime rib.
So much for that.....  2) The NY steak I ended up ordering was tasty and cooked perfectly, but @ $48.00 for an a la carte steak, I'll head to Mastro's and at least get a basket of bread on my table, and be in plush surroundings instead of a patio facing the parking lot.
3) The sides were good.
We ordered mushrooms and the green chile mac & cheese.
But, portions on the sides were very small & not really enough to serve 4 people (again comparing to Mastro's, whose sides are ample).
4) Service was sort of chaotic with items being brought to our table one at a time by different people.
The waiter seemed kinda out of the loop on what was happening at any given time.
5) Robert McGrath was there & appeared to be "expo'ing" food, which had him with his back to the restaurant the entire time.
As he is the "name" of Market Street Kitchen, they really should have him out on the floor more, talking to people, checking tables, etc.
Seems a waste of his reputation to have random, management guys with little to no personality as the face of your restaurant.
The problem I have with many restaurants like this in Scottsdale, is that they want to charge top dollar; but don't have the food, dining experience or service to back it up.
They need to get way better at the whole package if they want to compete in this market.
As much as I don't really care for chain restaurants, I could get a tasty steak dinner @ Outback for half the price, get bread and salad included, and better service to boot!

Had a good meal, great service, love the sushi style cheese and charcuterie board order form  Really expensive really for a local joint  Great service

First time here and have to say we were quite impressed  with the food.
Got there around 5:00pm and order from the Happy Hour menu.
We thought it was a good way for us to share and sample different things.
Order the green chili pork stew , fish tacos and bob's baby burger.
We enjoyed all 3 dishes.
It was more than enough food for the two of us and the bill was less than $30 (no alcohol).
Main dishes sound interesting, but if you aren't that hungry and get there before 6:00pm, the Happy Hour menu is the way to go.
Would give it another star, but don't think it would be fair when we didn't order a main entree.
Plus, there were a couple of quirking things about the place.
The green chili pork stew is served with 3 flour tortillas.
When we were have way through with it, the waitress asked how we liked it and if we'd like more tortillas.
We said "sure" and she said "Would you like 1 or 3?".
What happened to 2?
Anyway, we said 1.
She ended up brining 3 to the table.
When she set it down, she said, "They plated 3, but I only charged you for 1".
What?
You're going to charge me for an extra tortilla?
First, you didn't tell me there was an extra charge and secondly, I hate when restaurants charge extra for stuff like that.
It's so petty.
Like a Chinese restaurant that charges for extra rice or those packets of soy or sweet and sour sauce.
I'm Chinese, so I can tell you just how petty it truly is.
The other kind of strange thing is that they put a carafe of water on the table.
Like the idea, but could you give us some ice in our glasses or in the carafe?
We will be back though.

Girls night out!
Woo-whoo!
Not so much....company was great, the food not so much.
What a disappointment.
Four out of the six women ordered the chopped salad.
It should have been renamed the onion salad.
That's all the four of us tasted.
Offered a second option:  no menu, but manager came out and said what would you like.
Geeze, how about a menu.
Second meal came out much later.
Our other two guests were done with their meal - akward!
2 of us had burgers and the other two salads.
This place is known for their burgers.
Sure, if you like salt and mediocre burgers.
Anyways,, all i can say is don't bother.
Instead of comping the meal and making everything wrong right, the manager just argued that they had issues with the salad and its coming off the menu and blah blah blah.
Thought we were "nice" women.
Sure we are, but not when all that could have gone right...went wrong.
Accept that there are  issues that still need to be ironed out, but dont blame us for not finishing our meals and voicing our complaints-make positive changes and maybe, just maybe we could possibly considering coming back...highly improbable.

I would like to like this place as it is close to home, but Wow what a disappointment.
the green chile stew is good enough but I echo a previous reviewer as to why they charge extra for a tortilla when what is served is not enough for the stew.
H ave you ever been charged extra For a extra slice of bread in any other restaurant anywhere?
My  Wife was totally unimpressed with her yellowtail snapper and was about to throw something at the rude waiter the third time he called her "Darlin".
Another "tacky" touch was the waiter scooping up our signed restaurant receipts before we left the table.
By the way, they have been open for a month or so and already raised their prices on many items!
Good idea, bad execution.

It's been a delight, eaten there twice, Had the order by the ounce meet and cheese as a starter both times.
I saw a reviewer complain about the special being sold out and yes that happened to me also, but I ordered off the menu and it was great.
I have the feeling it's a real chef who runs this place and it shows in quality food.
I might give it 5 stars but its a little more casual than that, but I'd feel comfy in a suit or otherwise.
If you haven't been it's worth a try and it really is quality.
I'd knock it on the wait staff but only that they are young and a bit green but nothing rude or wrong, just the two times I've been, but I waited tables as a kid so I know how it goes.. and the food trumps any little issue with enthusiastic waiters...

Can't say enough about this place!
A truly unique dining experience that faultlessly blends the best in culinary vanguards with classic comforts through every facet of the restaurant.
The bar features wines on cask and contemporary renovations of classic cocktails along with great craft ales.
Started with a few selections from the charcuterie & fromagerie and then as an un-bashful party of four we dined communally, sampling delights from every section of an exceptional menu.
Crab cakes, scallops, sea bass, prime rib - all spectacular!
The mussels were a definite standout.
Higher quality food than I've had at much more prim & pricey venues, with superb service entirely devoid of pretension.
The staff are as warm & welcoming as the fabulous yet comfortable decor.
A fine addition to the DC Ranch neighborhood!

We have been a couple times because we like the atmosphere and this time went in for dinner.
In the past we sat at the bar and had drinks and appetizers.
The cheese plate is very good and so was the scallops.
For dinner this time, I had the salmon and couscous.
I was not impressed, it was dry and lacked any flavor.
I am not a huge meat eater so I never thought we would eat there for dinner but our friends wanted to go.
I must have looked over the menu 100 times trying to find something that looked appealing.
I was hoping for a good salad but the waiter downplayed all the salads and none really sounded that good.
Overall I was not impressed with the food and the prices are outrageous.
I will happily pay high prices for a good meal but for a mediocre meal, not so much.
There are other choices in DC ranch that are much better that I will go to in the future.

My husband and I went around happy hour time, but prepared to have dinner as well.
We sat at an open table in the bar but it seemed to take quite a long time for our server to notice we were there and he definitely wasn't what I would call friendly.
We go out to eat at least 5 or more times per week for lunch or dinner and as such we are exposed to a number of service environments.
This was really lacking.
It is very disappointing when you spend half of your evening trying to catch the eye of your server.
My husband had one of their specialty drinks - the dark and stormy - which was ok.
I had a glass of wine and then we ordered the Pretzel Crusted Crab Cakes - very dry and no seasoning.
The aioli on top was quite tasty and had there been more of that, could have helped with the blandness of the dish.
We also ordered the Baby Back Ribs which were dry and overly sweet.
We then shared the Rotisserie Chicken over tamale and the chicken certainly was the best thing about our visit.
They have an outdoor rotisserie and this chicken was SO moist and flavorful I wish we would have just ordered it.
I wouldn't go back just for the chicken though when there are so many other great choices in the metro area.

I'd heard mixed reviews on MSK so on our regular Friday lunches out, my companion and I decided to see for ourselves and went there yesterday.
Atmosphere okay, service Outstanding, food marginal at best.
Interesting as we arrived we were 1st offered the bar to sit at, mmmmm, interesting offer, but we declined as the place was 1/3 empty, we opted for a table.
As I said the service was outstanding and we could have wanted for nothing more, except better food.
Kitschy but limited lunch menu, my companion said "interesting that the menu is 3/4 alcohol" so she opted for the Salmon, Apple, and Brie flatbread, and I had the burger.
I always search for the perfect burger.
Well this was not it.
Impressive yes, muddled flavors YES.
Huge bun, green chilies, cheddar cheese, large juicy patty with no flavor and a grilled onion made up the offering.
The flat bread was beautiful but so salt laden all my friend did is drink water the rest if the day to not dry up from the inside out.
I'd possibly recommend MSK for cocktails after work, but for a meal, I'll not be back.
We'd had such an AMAZING lunch last week at Searsucker in Fashion Square (fir less $'s) which made our trip to MSK seem so insignificant and not worth the calories.
Hopefully something can be done to 'right the ship' at MSK, as DC Ranch Marketplace is ripe for another restaurant to compliment the offerings there.
So don't say I didn't warn you!

We dined here last night (Sat).
First time in.
We live in the area, so were excited to see market street get another place to dine.
Nice decor, looked busy and lively.
Better than we expected.
The food was good, but pricing for what it really is.
The service was pretty bad, and very slow.
We like the crowd and feeling, but the food was just average.
We may go back, but not really our first choice in the area for a simple tavern/bistro menu.

Very nice.
Excellent service, very good food.
I recommend for a nice, quiet, dinner.
Service considerably better than most restaurants in the area.
Great food too.

What can I say about the food...BBB.
Blah, Bland and Boring  What a disappointing experience.
I should start off by saying that I am not a fan of McGrath - personality wise but, I did (once upon a time) like his food.
Also since I live in far N.S its nice to have options in the area.
We decided to give this place a try last night and what a huge disappointment.
We arrived early for our reservations and were seated directly, the bus boy was very quick with the water - good.
Waitress was m.i.a for what seemed sometime - maybe she wasn't told that she had a table.
But, once she appeared all was good.
Food...not so good.
The signature pork chile seemed bland (not what I remember it to be) but, good enough.
2 entrées, the pork rack and the short ribs.
The short ribs are absolutely drenched in a Dr. Pepper sauce.
They were moist but, I couldn't taste much beyond that sauce even when I managed to wipe it off the meat.
Overwhelming!
The chile risotto, not cooked properly.
Not al dente simply not cooked.
Also room temperature and absolutely no flavor, despite the fact that I added salt and pepper still no flavor.
The dish did come with a little frisee salad with I believe marinated red onions, this was nice - wish I had more of that on my plate!
The pork rack better than the short ribs but, again no flavor.
The restaurants signature and concept is based around the Wood-Fired Rotisserie, one would think this would impart a ton of aroma and  flavor but, no, nothing.
Again BBB and Dull!
The grits might as well have been cooked in nothing but water.
Side - Super Greens, Kale, Bacon, Red Onion, Cider Vinegar - OK there is nothing I love more than kale in any variety and any preparation, I simply love it but, this was the worst thing I've ever eaten in my life.
The kale was tough and had an extremely gamy taste...
I couldn't stomach more than two bites then had to send it back.
Someone did come out to inquire about the kale and offered us another side dish which we declined.
The service turned out to be very good and we were also offered complimentary desserts which we also declined - at that point we were no longer interested in seeing more from the kitchen.
I'm not sure whats going on in the kitchen but, clearly flavor is not on the agenda - is anyone tasting this food?
At this rate this may go the way of its predecessors - out of business.
So $100+ later and I wished we had just gone across to Grimaldi's for pizza!

We stopped in one night and where told they were full the place was empty.
I thought it was rather weird but they said we only take reservations.
The place looks amazing and I thought it must be worth the wait.
A couple weeks later we finally got around to making a reservation.
Upon our arrival no one was at the front counter to greet us however what appeared to be 4 waiters talking not even 5 ft away and not one of them would acknowledge us.
After a couple of minutes we were finally greeted and seat at the table.
The food is so so very bland and over priced for the portion.
We need a good local place that will stay around I only hope they can figure it out.

Great inside, staff was nice, bussers come very quickly, food was below average.
We had the Sunday BBQ special, sounds great on the menu, but where is the flavor?
Also had the bacon jalapeño Mac and cheese.
Didn't go anything for us.
The prices do not match the quality of the food.
The chefs may be famous, but the food doesn't show it.
We were disappointed

It is sad to have to write this review because I wanted this concept to work out, but with the lack of quality they provide to their guests, I am not sure how long it can survive.
It is sad really because it is such a nice looking restaurant and could have such potential, not like the last three in that space that failed miserably.
I know that Chef Robert McGrath is an award winning chef and as such I can not imagine that he would be proud or even accepting of the foor coming out of the kitchen.
I took my family to the Sunday dinner because the daily special of a BBQ feast sounded amazing.
We arrived and our table was ready and our server welcomed us.
We ordered the filet medium rare with brussels sprouts, of which the filet was well done and the Brussels sprouts were brunt, hey don not ask me for meat temperature if you can not cook it accordingly.
Two of us ordered the BBQ feast and it was far from a feast.
Bone dry pulled pork that looked and tasted like it was pulled two days ago and then heated up in a microwave.
The ribs had not a trace of BBQ, no sauce nothing again bone dry.
The miniature sides, one fork maybe, were as plain as the rest of the meal.
So disappointing.
Our 10 year old ordered the pork Hangar steak which was dry and chewy.
To add insult to injury, our  8 year old wanted spagetti and meatballs from the kids menu and what arrived was a soup bowl full of 59 cent  canned spagetti with three minuscule meatballs, at a mere 8.00 charge.
In fact it was so bad that we ordered the chicken fingers and fries, of which the only edible thing was the fries.
Our server did not even ask why the "spagetti" was left untouched and we had to order another meal.
As mentioned before I can not believe that Chef McGrath or Chef Matthew Taylor are proud or accepting of what leaves their kitchen, let alone serving canned food on a kids menu that I would not even feed my kids at home.
Not what I would expect from any restaurant, let alone from a finer dining establishment with renowned chefs.
Further what about quality control?
There are some high-powered and experienced restaurateurs at the helm of this restaurant, perhaps they should spend some time there and ask their patrons.

Went on 1/25 at 1:45,well after the lunch hour.We split a hamburger,which for some reason the cook couldnt cut in half,we had t do it and put it on a plate (not a major deal,but odd) The burger itself tasted like a frozen unseasoned piece of hamburger,really really bland.The hamburger had bacon,chile,oniontomato,lettuce,aiole spread,and cheese....I think that was to cover up the frozen crummy burger patty.Fries were good,that was about it.This is not a do over.Horrible.

Nothing has changed except the prices.
Green chili stew had no cheese and was mostly fat, not pork.
The signature dish was  not good.
There are several places in N Scottsdale with green chili stew that is much better and more reasonably priced.
The last time I was there the med rare burger came out like shoe leather and the "grilled onions" we're ice cold.
The service is mostly good but the food is less than airport quality.
Go at your own risk.

We have been here three times now, and we really like this restaurant.
I was surprised at the negative feedback as we have always had good food and good service.
Granted, we have always eaten at the bar where the bartenders have been super nice, knowledgable, and very efficient.
We do like the meat and cheese starter option that comes out on a wood cutting board with fun and tasty sides such as gerchin pickles and chili pistachios.
Have had other dishes which were good and hot.
They have a decent wine list and know how to make a good cosmo!
Decor is nice, modern, clean.
One of our favorite restaurants in Scottsdale!

Well let me say first that we ate at 5 pm because they told us they were sold out.
Next, there were 3 of us and 2 entrees 1 side, 2 glasses of wine and 2 beers and our tab was 160 dollars.
Enough said about prices.
The steak was overdone, while the burger and fries were good.
The mac and cheese was the highlight.
When the manager asked about our experience we shared our disappointment.
He told us that our server was "one of his best" and how shocked he was.
Server then tossed down the dessert menu and couldn't get our tab quickly enough.
If management doesn't want to know, they shouldn't ask.
No need to go back.
Phil's grill or Flemings are always outstanding at less than half the price.

Finally a place in dc Ranch with an urban city feel good staff and good vibe at the bar.
Food drink and service all worthwhile.
Good people washing, loud vibe, but you can still converse with your barmate or table mate.
Parking was a breeze.
Cheers.

Not good, although it was super busy.
Out of two dishes at 8 pm on a Saturday, ordered the walu fish and came out not cooked, the then pan fried it to cook it, but it was not quality fish at all, and no flavor on a sloppy cheese sauce that was supposed to be a "crab fondue.
"  It's trying to be more than it is and failing miserably, walk a few doors down and go to herb box.

Frequent this hard working bunch!!!!!!!!
Creative and Comfortable Menu.
Nice wines on tap and some great values on the list(and I hear some new additions should be on soon).
Charcuterie board is top notch as was the Filet.
Good twist on the Beet Salad with a Pomegranate and Citrus edge.
Staff is attentive and accommodating with pertinent suggestions to your hunger level and mood.
Also nice to see the owners present and engaged with customers....

What an Experience!
I arrived at MSK and was promptly greeted, by who I think was the owner, with a warm and friendly hello.
Decor and ambiance was lovely and I couldn't get enough of the rotisserie aroma throughout.
I ordered the Walu, a new creation of chef Matt Taylor.
It was amazing with sophisticated flavors.
It left me feeling satisfied and light at the same time.
We enjoyed the unique cocktails and tap wines.
Our server was entertaining and knowledgeable.
Don't miss out!

Really amazing food!!
Started out with a pork app., very nice flavors to it.
Shared the salt baked walu and the Friday night prime rib special both so good.
For cocktails a must try is the sazerac.
Server was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable

I live in DC Ranch and was really excited that a new restaurant was opening.
The atmosphere was nice (music ok at best).
I asked for a substitute for mashed potatoes and they told me There are no substitutions on sides,  "The dish is served as selected",  and the bartender laughed when we asked for a plain cheeseburger!
$14 for 3 fried green tomato slices & 6 little rock shrimp- and it was average at best.
I think the chef & bartender take themselves a little too serious!
When the top restaurants accommodate substitutions, they might want to follow suit.
They are in a location that has a 100% failure rate- let's see what happens.

On vacation in AZ and just so happens my lifelong friend is a Chef here.
Stopped in for dinner and was blown away.
The staff here is incredibly nice and knowledgable when it comes to the menu.
The food was incredible!
I strongly suggest any of the fish that is a daily selection.
We had Swordfish and Opah which was outstanding.
And if you have found a way to save room for dessert, go with the root beer float.
Made with special order Sarsaparilla ice cream!
OMG delicious!

Good food and great service.

My boyfriend introduced me to this restaurant and it was delicious.
Since January, I have returned three times and always get something new.
I really like the cheese plate.
The mustard applesauce it comes with is amazing.
I have also had a fish special there and jeez that was great.
They recently changed the menu.
I ordered the green tomatoes.
YUM.
I definitely recommend it and I always bring new people there.
Everyone seems to enjoy their meal as well.

The appeal of Market Street Kitchen is 5 stars!
Perfect area, perfect outdoor seating, perfect ambience.
Sadly, the food and service didn't match.
I wanted it to be great because it is so dang cute.
Bottomless Mimosas for  $10  is the only reason I would be back.
Food:  Chicken chilaquilas were not what I expected.
I have a hard time liking something when it veers from the traditional style.
If it's not broke don't fix it...right?!
This wasn't bad but it wasnt great!
Small and more of a bake then a casserole, which is what chilaquilas are.
Eggs Benedict were very very undercooked, sauce was extremely thick, and worst of all it was cold!
Once we told the server he brought back another batch.
The eggs were still undercooked and the temperature went up about 1 notch.
Pet peeve: When sides are not included!
We got tator tots.
They were good and you could share them, but its not a 5 star restaurant and its not dinner time.
Lunch should include sides... Just my opinion.
Service:  Ehh.
The manager didn't even say anything when he brought over our second batch.
When we tried asking for extra plates and silverware they walked away and never came back.
We had to ask the hostess for help.
Not cool.
Service: 2 stars

Decided for a casual date night on Market street.
This is our second time dining here, and could be the last.
The first time was OK, and the wife wanted a casual at the bar dining experience and stay close to home.
The décor is decent, and fun people watching, but mostly an old crowd, very few of the 30-50 crowd.
The service was decent.
Wine was served warm or room temp, not acceptable to me at higher end places.
The food is average, but not bad.
Just don't expect a gourmet experience.
Overall we wouldn't return, Hope another one on market street doesn't bit the dust.
Sure would be a nice concept of a center street and mingling, but most places in here just seem to crash and burn after a year.

First time here and must say it was a pleasure.
Right from the wait staff to the cocktails (sazarec), warm olives, heirloom tomatoes, and last but not the least the prime rib.
Lets not forget the rum cake.
Voila!
A fantastic first visit.
Can't wait to come back!

Just had brunch and it was great.
Can't beat the endless Bloody Mary and Mimosas.
Highly recommend.

I hate to see the terrible review Oliver K posted because I have found my new favorite restuarant.
The brunch was so interesting and our beautiful waitress, Kendle, was attentive and very sweet.
Keep brewing that amazing tasting coffee!!!
Aaaannnd .. .
that tempura bacon is going to be my new addiction!
Loved it!
As an artist, the decor was to die for.
I loved the take on the Urban Western Chic look.
I can't wait for cooler weather because you will find me in that beautiful patio sipping their signature drink.
I loved it and will be back on a regular basis.
Good job!

Cool place with nice ambiance.
I came here for lunch with my boyfriend: fish tacos were ok and his shrimp po' boy was good.
The side salads were too sweet in their dressing and only one type of green.
Service was a little helicoptery...it's nice that you are trying to make sure we have a good experience, but not when it is interrupting our conversation over and over.
The manager came over twice to ask us how things were...on top of the waitress having already done it after every single item that came to the table.

I want this place to succeed.
Market Street needs good restaurants, shops and foot traffic!
Had lunch here with my fiancé, future sister-in-law and future mother-in-law.
Good thing it went well.
:-) We just had water to drink because of the heat wave that week.
They all had the fish tacos and all three gave very positive reviews.
One thought it had a little too much spice and cabbage.
I had the MSK burger.
It was AMAZING.
Great patty, cooked to order, plus Tillamook Cheese, fresh tomato, grilled onions, and gribache - I didn't know what gribache was (mayonnaise-style cold egg sauce in French cuisine per Wikipedia!
) but apparently that's a pretty common question.
Either that, or they made me feel better about not being that cultured.
I am slightly picky but ordered it with no substitutions.
I'm so glad I did - it was unique and one of the best burgers I have ever had.
I loved the gribache addition!
The bun and french fries were also very good.
The non-food details:  The restaurant is a beautiful space with an open kitchen and rotisserie cooker you can see from one side of the dining area.
Bathrooms were small but clean.
Our server was very knowledgable and cared so deeply I assume he was a manager or part owner.
He guaranteed I would love the burger or he said he would buy it for me.
I really did love it and was happy to pay.
I will be back for dinner or brunch soon so I can give them more of my money - hopefully the dining experiences stay fantastic and this place can keep turning a profit and stay open!

Yay I'm a fan indeed.
We never go wrong here, go early to grab a seat at this DC Ranch staple for dinner service.
We first noticed it as our vet is nearby and occasionally I go running around the market area and back along Thompson peak.
Fridays & Sat are prime rib night (practically every day has a related entree special).
Hubby and I shared that and the super tasty MSK Burger.
PRib was mouthwateringly perfectly pink and medium on the edges as ordered, the au jus is somewhat repurposed into a jelly of sorts type of consistency so more spreadable than a dip-n-dunk traditional method.
Always necessary is the dollop of horseradish that's not too pungent but gives that requisite kick.
The other star of the dish is the homemade bacon blue cheesy mashed potatoes.
Chunks of bacon for everyone on a fried pork diet and enuf tang from the cheese to elevate the richness of flavor and (un)fortunately caloric figures as well!
On to the burger, it felt like a 10oz patty served on a great pretzel like bun with enough density that half the burger ultimately filled me up.
With Tilamook cheese and added fresh sautéed onions, keeping it simple is best.
At $14 its a tasty choice gourmet burger fit for 85255 zip coders.
Loved the seemingly scratch made ketchup too!
Lastly, despite seldom indulging in dessert we were convinced to try their creme brûlée.
What irritates me is over torched brûlée to the point of warm to hot melted custard.
But MSK does it right and the vanilla seed packed buttery consistency of their brûlée got high points as it was cool-to-cold upon taste, kudos!
Gluttony is a deadly but oh so addicting sin!
MSK is a crafty joint with gourmet freshness.
Also loved that were promptly seated served and out in a scosh over 30 minutes as we had a movie to catch!

Fantastic food!
Great little find in DC Ranch.
The night we went, they had Swordfish as the special.
I couldn't believe how good it was!
Great environment to hang out as well.
I will become a regular there with the great food and great service!

A chic restaurant with fabulous food...who doubts a James Beard recommendation!?
Our dining experience was as close to European cuisine one will enjoy without crossing the pond.
Gary and Kendall were friendly, helpful, accommodating and more.
A great dining event...did I mention that the food was exquisite and devine?

I was disappointed this time.
The service was great.
The food however was certainly not what one would expect in the least from a restaurant of this calibre.
My prime rib was tough and rubbery and so was the duck entree which my husband ordered.
I had a solid experience last time around so maybe it was just a bad night.

Not sure why all the mediocre reviews before.
Have been by this place many times.
It looks really cool from the outside and in.
To start, the drinks are amazing, albeit not for the faint of heart.
This place knows their liquor!
And not everything vodka and blanco tequila, we're talking the good dark stuff too (they make a sazerac that is as good as any I have had in New Orleans, and that's a lot!).
As for the food, I can see why some people don't like it.
Its adventurous, and probably a bit too out there for some, but I think the Chef cooks exactly how I like to eat, so it gets high marks for me.
My wife would only give this place 3 stars, I would give it 5, so we settled in the middle.
This place is my go-to for cocktails in my neighborhood, and for hearty interesting flavors for dinner.

Visited MSK on October  18.
The charcuterie plate was very nice, after that it was all downhill.
What is it that makes staff feel entitled to offer mediocre service  and mediocre quality food .
The green chili was bland, the orechietti dish was tough and burnt.
I sent it back , was not charged for it and no one came over to apologize etc.
the manager walked around avoiding contact with customers..........wake up folks your job is customer service, it's easy.
The owner/manger was at a table ignoring everyone.
A manager told the waitress to take the orechietti back to the kitchen which he should have handled.
There is nothing adventurous about this place.Restaurants come and go in this town.
Hopefully the next guy will get it.
It is not on my return list

We found this place as we check out the area...the atmosphere is awesome.
I told my husband that I would be back before the food was served.
O...how wrong am I!
Service was S L O W...it took 30+ minutes for our food (actually, they weren't served until we asked the waitor to check the kitchen and BAM he walked right back with our food!
It makes me wonder if our food was sitting in the kitchen for a while).
P.S.
Less than half of the room (indoor and outdoor) is filled.
We've ordered a steak and egg ($18), an omelette w/4 self-picked ingredients ($14), and a cajun fries ($5).
The steak was about 5oz the most with one egg on top of it.
I asked for medium rare but it was medium - medium well.
Omelette was OK but the tater tots were scattered/broken/over cooked.
The fries didn't come but they gave us a wrong plate.
By the way, our food was in room temperature (I guess I was right that they were sitting in the kitchen for a while).
YUCK!
We've different waiters (3 in total) at different times as we tried to get our service.
They either walked by without looking or nowhere to be found.
For a moment, we were thinking if we were being discriminate but we realized the large table next to us waited as much as we do.
Yes, they gave us a new steak and egg plate.
It was perfectly cooked and the food was hot.
Cajun fries finally arrived but there was no cajun, just regular fries.
The person who cleaned our table was the best among this lunch experience.
He was smiling the whole time, make sure the table is clean, and refill our glass accordingly.
One more comment...food was way too salty!
VERY DISAPPOINTED!
AT the end, I revised my earlier disclaimer to my husband.
WE WILL NOT COME BACK!

Oh boy, this place was terrible.
Great location, great ambiance, everyone was very nice.
The food however, was awful.
We went for sunday family dinner.
My grandfather had a steak he could hardly cut.
If you are going to be next door to Flemmings, and charge their prices for a steak, it had better be good.
I had a pork chop-mediocre.
The grits had absolutely no flavor.
The collard greens had so much vinegar, they were inedible.
The hamburger was also tough.
Perhaps they are freezing their meat.
I am always cautious when I enter an empty restaurant.
The answer is always the same.
Bad food at top dollar prices.

Takeout horrible.
What a way to ruin Minnesota's fish.
And some white creamy dipping sauce?!?
What was that?
Tasted like a warm rancid pickle dipped in an over vinegary mayo...nasty.
Back to the Walleye...this place does it all wrong; no flavor on that fish at all...salted used-rubber tires tastes better...

We were interested in brunch and saw that it is offered here.
We sat outside on a beautiful morning.
I started with a bottomless Bloody Mary and they were true to the name.
I got refills.
We tried deviled eggs and tempura fried bacon as a starter.
Eggs good, bacon not so much.
Bacon doesn't need to be in tempura.
My wife had eggs Benedict and liked them.
Friend had omelette and it was good I hear.
My steak and eggs was the best thing at the table.
Unfortunately the tater tots were seasoned in a strange way that none of us liked though a week later I don't remember exactly what.
Service was pretty good.
We sat outside because the music inside was so loud that conversation was difficult.
At least one other inside table made the same choice a minute later.

I had the fish and chips, dry and even the fries weren't good.
My wife had the fish tacos,  very disappointing!
Desert wasn't great ether, we live locally,  but won't be back :(

Food was AMAZING!
Shared the garden omlet with tater tots and the brioche french toast with a friend and it was delicious!
Service was great too.
The staff was really friendly, and our cups were never empty.
Definitely going to go back.

The omelette I had for breakfast, unfortunately, was unremarkable.
Very small for $12 with no sides except for tater tots.
I requested toast instead and what came back was two slices of, for lack of evidence, wonder bread toast.
Not buttered either.
Asked for a coffee with my breakfast.
The staff was overtaxed so they forgot that too.
To me, it comes off like they're trying to grab some of the weekend breakfast crowd but yet are only half committed to the effort.
Was hoping for better because I like the location and decor.

First time, March 28th, wonderful dinner.
Restaurant was busy and the service was excellent.
Server Courtney did a wonderful job.
The rest of the wait staff was well orgnaized and pleasant too.
Food was delightful, fresh, nicely plated and priced fairly.
Drinks were well pourded and nice selection of crafted cocktails and wines.
Definitely we'll be back.

Wife and I went last night for date night.
The staff is very knowledgable and friendly.
Nice place to go for relaxing dinner and conversation.
Love the patio!

Stopped by here by accident to grab lunch.
Very nice atmosphere.
Casual but with very cool decorations.
Love the Edison lights wired into the bar!
We both ordered the BLT.
Beautiful presentation, huge pieces of smokey bacon, yummy deviled-egg mayo, tomato didn't have too much flavor but they rarely do this time of year.
Only negative was that it wasn't terribly busy and it took a bit of time to get our food.
Not a real big problem.
I would love to come back for dinner sometime.
Menu looked good.

Yelp, you slacker!
You're supposed to let me know when I live in close proximity to the BEST BREAKFAST SAMMIE EVAR.
Holy.
So I've only been to MSK once; they hosted a happy hour for my work on my 2nd day on the job.
They set up a cute appetizer display in the back section of their dining room and I remember being enamored by the gigantic walls of wine bottles that surrounded us.
I wasn't there too long, but I remember the deviled eggs being tasty and the cheese display with crackers being a treat.
Yesterday we decided to make use of an MSK gift card we'd had a while and landed on them for brunch.
I'd stalked the menu online as I am wont to do for basically every restaurant and I thought I'd go with the garden omelet.
However, I saw another patron on the patio get her breakfast sandwich delivered and KNEW I had to switch up my order.
(Aside on the patio: So perfect on a breezy/sunshiney/thank you Jesus not too hot April morning.
)  The goods: Grilly-toasty bread, eggs, white cheddar, spinach, diced portobellos, thin spread of fire-roasted tomato goodness.
I left the bacon off, boyfriend kept it.
SERVED WITH A SIDE OF GARLIC TOTS?
SERVED WITH $12 BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS?
(We did our best a 4 apiece.
Then I took a 2 hour nap.
) WHY AM I YELLING?
Because it was absolutely glorious.
You don't get an option for your side, so you better like tots (who doesn't?
) and not try to be healthy with fruit or tomato slices or something.
Service was prompt (he knew the importance of mimosa refills), busser/drink refiller and manager were both friendly and chatty.
I'll have dreams about the breakfast sandwich for many moons to come.
An all-around great experience.

I got the Market Salad, and the Market Crudo.
Boyfriend got the macaroni & cheese and Fish of the day, Ono with quinoa and celery/fennel garnish.
-The salad was pretty unremarkable.
-The Market Crudo was spectacular, it was Salmon that day, and it was some of the choicest slices of sashimi I've ever had, prepared with Salmon Roe, Basil, Grapefruit slices, and wasabi.
The menu did say Ponzu sauce and I definitely got served soy sauce.
Would have been better with Ponzu.
-Mac & Cheese was fantastic, rich, little parmesan-y with broccoli in it.
You get a small serving but it's so rich you are thankful for it.
-Service was impeccable.
-The restaurant itself is GORGEOUS -SO much fun to walk around "Market Street" after eating here

Wow...wow.
Our first clue should have been that us was relatively slow on a Friday night.
Seated...no one speaks to us for 15 minutes.
The service was non-existent.
Maybe the food is good, maybe not.
I won't be going back to find out.
A waste of time.

This was our first time here & we were impressed.
Kendal's service was outstanding!
The food was amazing... We ordered a bottle of wine & received the cheese plate for free.
The cheese plate was the best mix of cheeses we've ever had.
There is this pear/horseradish spread that is out of this world.
My husband & I just went wheat free & all the dishes are labeled GF & V.  Corn meal trout &  southern risotto (featured in this months Phx Mag) were both very tasty & I would highly recommend.
We will definitely be back.

Great experience at Market Street Kitchen.
We enjoyed salmon, fried green tomatoes, and the market street fish (escolar).
The service was great too.

Delicious!
Went for brunch and it was lovely.
Great atmosphere and great food.
Bottomless mimosas and bloody marys for $12.00.
I had the French Toast and it was amazing!

