It's panda, quick, consistent, decent "Chinese" food.

Bad business practices.
This place is a rip off.
They charged my card then told that the food was going to take 10 min.
As we were in a hurry asked for our money back.
They refused so we called the police.
Police were able to get our refund.
Never will go back to this place again.

Asked for white rice 3 times and they still gave me brown rice.
Oh yeah there was a piece of a napkin inside my tray.

Be careful....I saw the guy serving the food and handling money.
When he will serve my food I asked him to talk to  the manger and he said 'I'm the manager ' still I told him the risk of food contamination with the money but he didn't do nothing turn back to the food and keep serving food without washing his hands.
Place has no FDA licence to be reported !

I avoid Panda Express.
In the past, I've had vegetables that are mush and have felt sick to my stomach.
However, with our kitchen being worked on, this was one of the few options for a healthier lunch.
I had not eaten from the Buckeye location before.
The good: I had the vegetables instead of noodles/rice, and they were actually very fresh and crisp.
I was pleased.
Nor did I feel sick afterward.
The meh: I had chicken and mushrooms, and the Shanghai Angus steak.
They were okay.
The flavors are so strong they make the meat and vegetables all taste the same.
It was all quite edible, but I can cook better at home and for a whole lot cheaper.
An acceptable place out of desperation, but hey, I've had worse.

We have eaten here a couple of times.
Is it gourmet Chinese food as the sign proclaims?
Maybe if your definition of gourmet is different then mine.
The service is ok.
Some of the people are really bubbly and others are not appearing to be very customer oriented.
If you get the teriyaki chicken breast it is tasty and you get a bunch of it.
The egg rolls are nasty.
It is not just this location, but every Panda location.
For a quick bite to eat this place suffices.
Nothing special.
The parking lot is pretty clean, usually the inside is pretty clean.
My wife likes Panda more than I do.
I suppose if it were not for her that I may not eat here at all.

The chicken was ok..but if they could please COOK their veggies....that would be lovely.
My broccoli was very raw and undercooked.
Not really gourmet.

