Very inexpensive prices, but don't let that fool you, they do quality work.
Small  shop, but very busy.
I went on a saturday morning just after they opened and it was busy already, but I only had to wait a short time which was fine with me because my nails turned out excellent.
The lady in front of me had a free style design put on her nails and it looked so amazing when the nail technician was done.
I found this place by driving by while visiting another store in the area, so glad I did, it will be my new salon.

Best nail salon in Peoria!
Ana's prices are super reasonable and her work product is consistently high quality.
I love this salon....the owner, is so personable.
Its amazing how she remembers the names of each client and details of the conversation you had with her during the last visit.
All around good experience.

I went in today to get a new set, as the ones from a different salon were coming off already.
The shop is lovely.
Nice decor.
Very clean.
Good space.
The three ladies there were all busy, but a couple of them stopped long enough to say "hello" when I walked in and asked what I was looking for.
Because there were three people in front of me, I had a little bit of wait, but that was alright, as i needed the old nails soaked off.
It took over an hour!
I ended up having to go back to get my nails and pedicure done, as I had to take my husband to work.
When I walked back in an hour later, they immediately seated me in a chair for pedicure.
The lady who rendered the service was a kind older lady.
She did a good job and I really enjoyed the massage.
She made sure my polish was very neat.
Kelly, who did my nails, did a wonderful job.
She made sure they were all even and a little on the thick side with the acrylic, as I asked.
(my nails are VERY thin) She did a beautiful job and even added a design.
Only a little filing to remove a sharp edge or two when I got home and I am very happy with the results.
Pedicure= $18 Removal of old acrylics= $10 Full set of new nails with design= $30  All in all a very pleasant experience.
I will be returning to this salon.

Best pedicure my mom and I have ever had!!
Very reasonably priced.
Great stone massage and good chairs.
Very friendly and not rushed at all!

My favorite nail salon!
Ann and Kelly are amazing!
I love having Ann for my initial full set then having Kelly for my fill ins!
They are VERY sweet and always remember my preferences for my nails every time I come in!
They have an amazing nail color selection, magazine collection, as well as TVs.
The actual shop itself is very clean and tidy all the time and the atmosphere is always fun and easygoing, they know how to keep the conversation going and they know when you don't feel like talking.
I would highly recommend this place to everyone, I haven't been to another place since I found them!

