I went here on the 2nd day of business so I still think they are working out a few kinks.
I love the different options they have which make it stand out more than Chipotle.
I had the chile beef burrito enchilada style.
It was really good, it was so big I couldn't finish it.
The bf had a steak quesadilla which he loved and my friend had nachos which looked good.
There is stuff on the menu that I will return to try.
It looked like they hired about 100 people and had them all working!
It was kind of confusing at times but I am sure with time it will all get ironed out!
Good Job bringing something different to the area!

I think this location obviously has some kinks to work out but otherwise our meal here on opening day was nice.
I'm a big fan of the location in Mesa and didn't like the food quite as much at this new store in Phoenix.
I can't pinpoint it and I'm not sure where the difference was but my typically veggie salad just didn't have the same wow factor.
Having said that, the customer service was great and all workers were extremely friendly.
This goes for both locations but I take issue with places that charge extra for something like sour cream.
Overall an OK experience, will return after they've ironed out some issues.

Fun and tasty!
We stopped in at Cafe Rio Mexican Grill (odd name, great food) and were very satisfied with the food, the service and the general atmosphere of the restaurant.
The staff was very attentive, clearly motivated to do a good job with the new restaurant and it is a bright and cheerful place, fun to visit.
I had the enchilada which had a good amount of very fresh chicken, the sauce was very good, just right on spiciness, and the pinto beans and Mexican rice were as good as any I've had.
Definitely on my list for return visits to sample more of the menu.

Glad to have this amazing restaurant in our neighborhood!
Went for the first time last night...friendly, fast service & food was awesome.
We are hooked!

Queso!
Guacamole!
Amazing tortillas!
Freshly squeezed Mint Limeade!
I loved the environment.
I felt very welcome and was totally entertained!
Make sure you tell them if it is your first visit, order nachos and get a surprise!
We will be back!

Cafe Rio strikes me as morph of Rubio's decor and Chipotle's (slightly expanded) menu.
It was clean, brightly colored and the service was quick.
I ordered the Sweet Pork Barbacoa Burrito (pictured) and found the title to be spot on.
I was a bit put off by the sweetness of it, finding the sauce to taste like an extra sweet BBQ sauce.
It completely overpowered the flavor of the meat.
The pico de gallo topping would have been just average, but I must say the diced tomatoes were ripe and tasted just off the vine.
Be aware, the acoustics of the restaurant and the music over speakers make for a loud environment.
I couldn't even hear the employees' questions!
There are so many dining options in the area that I'm not sure I'll return.
If I do, I'll steer clear of the sweet sauce, but give the yummy raspberry lemonade another swig!

My rating is based on the fact that as a vegetarian, they charge $8 for a small mediocre bean burrito.
Maybe if this bean burrito were exceptionally good or large in size, but it was neither.
I'm not saying that if your idea of Mexican food is Chipolte, you will not find what you are looking for and be happy here.
But if what you offer your vegetarian customers is deleting the meat and not adding anything else and charging full price, I can get MUCH BETTER elsewhere and pay way less.
GRINGOS:  Take off the Chipolte blindfolds!
Go to a real Mexican restaurant and see what real food is supposed to taste like!

We went for dinner in early Sept, 2012.
The vegetarian salads were loaded with romaine and white rice and black beans mixed together.
The bean mixture had a pasty consistency.
The tortilla underneath the salad is cold by the time you can get to it.
The noise level was quite loud both in the volume of music and overall acoustics.
The evening sun poured in to the entire restaurant and people were walking around shielding their eyes.
Not a great first impression.

Food is pretty darn good - they get points for having fresh made whole wheat tortillas, free quesadillas for kids under six, and a free enchilada style option on the burritos.
I prefer the red sauce to the green, the pinto beans to the black beans, and the Barbacoa to Chipotle's lame excuse for Barbacoa.
I only wish they were consistent in their prices and service.
One day I got a tiny scoop of guacamole for free, the next day it was $1.50.
Then they charged me $7.50 for a plain cheese quesadilla when the week before it was a fraction of that price.
I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that these are just growing pains, but seriously $7.50?!?

Cafe Rio was an experience, we were very rushed in the ordering line, while they were singing there enchilada cold stone song.
They messed up our burro orders giving our order to someone else, and having to re-make our burro.
The line was chaos, the sound was chaos and it was average food.
The lighting in the dining room was a little dim for day time.
The TWO good things were.... the tortillas (YUM YUM) and the wide selection of lemonade drinks.

I loved this place.
Now I was first expecting a little resturant.
When I went in, it was kind of like a chipotle, but better tortillas!!!
You have the tortilla makers, then the food prep, then the cashier.
Our cashier was adorable!
Loved her, I think her name was Chrystal.
She was very sweet and made sure our order was right since it was our first time there.
First bite was DELICIOUS!
will certainly be going again!!

Pretty cool new place.
My Friends Dubs and Becca H. Introduced me to this place.
Apparently they are everywhere in Utah.
I ordered the special fish tacos.
One of my favourite dishes anytime I eat "Mexican" food.
They were actually really good.
Great Flavor and the tortillas were a good pair.
Sides were just meh...
This place is loud.
Everytime someone orders nachos the entire staff breaks into a nacho inspired rendition of Macho Man.... Its hilarious at first but in the end can be obnoxious after 10 times.
Then to have to go home to a 7 year old with it stuck in his head.
Not the business.
I'd go back.
My kid ate free, and that's always a plus.
Trying something different next time.
Everyone's plates looked really good.

Food was good and the price was great but I'm not a big fan of the cafeteria style dining.
When you get your order, it comes in this metal dog bowl looking dish on a traditional cafeteria plastic tray... yuck.
Why can't they just bring your order to you in a nicer dish?

Loved everything about the tacos, especially the sweet pulled pork.
Fresh handmade tortillas also taste delectable.
If I had any drawbacks it would be that they are sort of stingy with toppings/sauces.
Otherwise you are best advised to come here on Taco Tuesdays for $1.50 tacos and buy a lot of them!
Sweet pulled pork is out of this world!

I love Cafe Rio - the service at this location was extremely laid back.
Visited after the lunch rush, so the employees might have been slowing down since no one was in line behind me.
Employees did not look happy - but the food was really good!

This place is what chipotle would like to grow up to be.
Everything isvfresh, fast and however you want it.
I love that they will put anything on anything that you want!
I like some enchilada sauce on my nachos thank you, and they put it on for me!
Getting a salad but don't want the big hunks of lettuce they use?
Ask for the shredded lettuce, you'll get it.
I like that you can customize your order because I'm a custom orderer.
The prices are great for the huge amount of food you get and the staff is always pleasant.
It dies get loud inside but that's because it's a  popular, casual place.
I wouldn't change a thing.

YUM!
Went here with some sorority sisters after an afternoon of volunteering.
I am fairly certain it's a newer place and just had its grand opening a few weeks ago.
I ordered a salad with came in the soft tortilla shell.
I got the chicken, lettuce, gacumole, pico, tomato, cheese, and a wonderful creamy chiptole dressing.
I devoured it.
It was so delish.
The best part about ordering at the place to is that they will sing to you if you order nachos.
I couldn't make out what they were saying 100% but it was entertaining.
They also have a really festive array of drinks.
Your typical soda machine of course, but off to the side is about 4 cooler of fun mixes.
There's mint lemonade, Mexican limeade, and 2 others.
All made in house and totally authentic.
They are making their claim to fame with the torillas though.
I would recommend this place to just go and eat their bread all day.

Taco Tuesday it was.
Because of a demo project that went awry down the street from my house, we found ourselves on this night, sitting in the dark, wondering what to do.
Going through all the usual neighborhood haunts, we decided to break out and try something new.
Cafe Rio opened recently in the T&C mall, and being on something of a Mexican kick lately, we decided to give it a whirl.
Walking up to the door, we see that it's "Taco Tuesday", with all Tacos $1.50 each.
Not a bad deal.
It's a bit confusing walking in, as the menu is not readily viewable, you have to actually get in the line to see it.
So, if you decide after reading the menu that you really wanted a Potbelly sandwich, you now have to push your way back out of the line.
Fortunately, we did find something we wanted, and besides, Potbelly was eerily empty.
The menu and ordering system is sorta like Qdoba, but different.
You can order combinations of enchiladas, tacos and burritos with rice and beans, or ala carte.
The meats are each prepared differently, Pork Barbacoa, is shredded pork in a sweet sauce, vaguely barbecue-ish.
The chile beef, is shredded beef, with (they say) chiles in it.
There is also a steak, chicken and fish option.
As you meander down the line, you first pass the tortilla-making station, this is pretty cool, tortillas are rolled out and cooked right there, on a rotating griddle.
You know they are fresh and who can resist a fresh tortilla?
Not me, that's for damn sure.
I chose an Enchilada combination with the Chile-Beef mixture and throw in two Pork Barbacoa tacos.
The enchiladas can be dressed with three different sauces, a green, and two reds.
I asked for the hottest sauce they have.
this was tossed into a metal to-go dish and placed on the oven belt.
The Pork tacos were grilled slightly, then placed into those fresh flour tortillas, and we moved on down the line.
This is where you do the add-ins, beans, black or pinto, rice, Pico, sour cream and lettuce.
I did it all.
The enchilada was not bad, the beef was flavorful, but hot is not how I would describe it.
Even after pouring a liberal amount of Cholula on top, it still was only mildy spicy.
The Pork tacos reminded me of Milagra Grill, but these tacos were larger and had a candy-sweet taste to them.
Cholula did not help them either.
There is a large drink bar, with sodas, teas, horchata, lemonade and flavored syrups for mixing in your drinks.
There were no lemon wedges for the tea and the black tea was marginally fresh.
The dining room is reminiscent of a grade-school art class, with paint splotches smeared everywhere on the wooden chairs and tables.
This meal was not bad, and the price for two came in around $15, but nothing really jazzed me enough for a return visit, not even the fresh tortillas.

Over priced and mediocre food.

I'm glad that Cafe Rio Mexican Grill opened up in Town and Country.
We have been to Cafe Rio a couple of times now.
On Tuesday they have tacos for $1.50.
Cafe Rio is now my favorite place for tacos.
The beef and pork tacos are the best.
If you are looking for a good taco you should check out Cafe Rio.

I've eaten here about three times now, and I have to say I'm a fan.
I've eaten at their location in Gilbert several times before, so I knew what to expect when walking in.
The place is colorfully decorated, with different colored tables and chairs of all sizes for seating.
Their food is cooked fresh, they will make what you want to order on or off the menu.
I usually go with the shredded beef taco with some kind of beans and rice.
This is a hearty meal, and let me tell you, its filling and delicious.
I love their shredded beef, as its really moist and juicy.
Their tortilla's are made fresh by hand, and you can watch them  make it as your standing in line.
Overall I love this place, but at times, I feel rushed through line.
I also have a hard time hearing the guys behind the counter when they ask me stuff like what I want on my taco.
Honestly, I know my hearing is good, so I think its the noise from behind the counter that drowns them out.
I have to ask them a lot to repeat themselves, and its not that they aren't loud enough....but in between the glass that's separating you and the noise from the kitchen, I have to keep saying "HUH?
ONE MORE TIME PLEASE.
"  Also, sometimes i feel rushed at the register when i pay.
I take my time and put my money back in my wallet and make sure I have everything before I take my tray, and sometimes I feel like they want me to hurry up so they can keep the line down, and not have it pile up.
(I know, fussy, right?
)  LOL  Overall, I love their food here and I really enjoy eating here.
I plan on coming back in the future to eat more, and even though its on the pricier size, I'm definitely a fan!

Best Chicken Salad Ever.

I have to say, this was totally solid.
Is it as good as some of the Mexican food you can get here in Arizona?
No, but that would be ridiculous to expect from a chain.
I shared the enchiladas with my mom and they were really tasty, as were the rice and beans on the side.
I came back a few days later just to get some queso dip to go (I'd been craving it, okay?
), and while it was pretty good, I wouldn't call it life changing.
If you go, definitely get either the mint lemonade or the horchata-- both are great!

Good food quick service even when busy and good prices

I have heard several people talking about this place the last few weeks, so I thought I would give it a go.
I love that the Camelback corridor is blooming with new restaurants, but no need to go back to this one.
PRO's: The restaurant, cafeteria style, is extremely clean!
Awesome!
The menu, several options to the core styles of Mexican dishes (ie: burros, tacos, etc) Around $8 for a generous meal for one...not bad!
CON's: Service is slow.
Going through the line of 'fixings' takes a while.
If you want lettuce in your burro, prepared to have it on the side.
They make your burrito with choice of meat, cheese, beans, then 'nuke' it in a conveyer belt toaster oven.
(really)?
I asked for lettuce in my burrito, and they said they put it on the side as to not send it through heater.
Tortillas made there...but nothing to write home about  It's not a terrible place to go...just nothing worth having a frequent visitor punch card there.
I would suggest Panchero's (exact SAME concept) over Cafe Rio.

My feelings about Cafe Rio turned dubious when I saw prices higher than Chipotle or Qdoba, with fewer meat choices (no carnitas!).
The dubiousness doubled down when  I got a look at the fixings.
It was a long look, as the large staff seemed utterly uninclined to wait on me.
After a long while, one gal pointed me out to another, who smiled at her coworker and went back to whatever she was doing with the grill.
At this point, I gave up and left.
The idea that checking off store tasks is way more important than waiting on customers probably comes from management, so I'm not going to blame the very young and probably inexperienced staff.
But if it's your business model to figure that customers can damned well wait until somebody gets around to them and there's no hurry or need to even acknowledge them waiting, then you'd best be either way cheaper or way better quality than your competition.
There is no reason I'd give Cafe Rio a second chance.
I went to one of the other restaurants in the same strip and had a very nice experience there.

I've been here quite a few times and love both the pork burrito - enchilada style and the pork salad - they are the best!

my rating is specific to the tuesday taco special.
It was tacos for $1.50 each now $1.75 but well worth the extra 25c.
Option of pulled chicken, grilled chicken or beef.
I always get the pulled chicken.
The flavor is fantastic, like it's been cooking all day.
Moist & full of flavor.
My absolute favorite part is the tortilla.
I almost always order extra as a side.
They are made fresh minutes before being used & are perfect!
I am a self proclaimed tortilla snob & love these- somebody please get me the receipe!!
just love watching the girls roll them out & heat them while I wait in line.

Okay I always compare this place to Chipotle.
Its kind of the same concept, but way more variety.
All in all this place is great, but it does NOT feel as healthy as chipotle does ;) haha.
What is great is the tortillas (freshly made and MUCH MUCH better), the beans, and the guac is different not better but delicious!
Tips on ordering, I love the sweet pork.
its good in a burrito, in a salad etc.
I know my friends like the green chile beef which is also good.
You know what is great?
The fact that they have taco tuesday for 1.50 tacos.
Umm wow.
you cant get the steak though, its not on the deal.
but get one of everything if you can fit it in ya!
The tortillas are the best part.
really.

I've given this place 3 shots and I think it pretty much sucks.
First, I guess I can say one good thing about them, they make a pretty good quesadilla and their tortillas are really good, too.
Other than that everything else is pretty much garbage.
Another reviewer said that this is what Chipotle strives to be, I think that's the total opposite.
First of all the ordering system is awful here, way too complicated and when they're busy there's way too many hands flying across each other trying to make too many different things at once which I've seen create order mix ups and total confusion.
All of the employees I've come across have been rather blah, yet they still have enough energy and personality to sing cute little Mormon songs when someone orders nachos or extra cheese, and then continue to serve their customers with a frown on their face and I don't give a shit attitude?
This review is getting too long, but the basics are good tortillas, shitty burritos, poor execution, staff that doesn't care, extreme waste of food and packaging (get an order of chips and see what I mean), way too much sweetness in their barbacoa and chili, and no real consistency.
Also when I get a burrito at Chipotle if I finish the whole thing I'm super full, yet I don't feel like total ass.
When I finish like 3/4 of a burrito here or even the only thing I like on the menu, a steak quesadilla I feel god awful.
Must be the quality of the food?

Well, where do I start?
"Let's start at the very beginning.
A very good place to start..."  (Sound of Music, anyone?
)   First of all, did anyone in this company compare what $7 will buy at say, a Cafe Rio and a...Chipoltle?
Because you can eat almost 2 times at Chipoltle for what you pay at Rio...and the two times you eat at Chipoltle is four times the amount of food at Rio.
What about flavor?
I don't know.
I had enchiladas.
I got the grilled chicken (vs the shredded chicken in water in the stream table) and that upgrade alone cost me $1 more.
What's up with that?
You don't pay anymore at Chipoltle for grilled chicken...anyway, I chose the "medium" sauce ("medium heat" or "spice", said the grill-man/manager and in fact, there was no heat at all)  because he said it "...had the best flavor".
It was good.
Not great.
Barely good.
Just not $10 worth of good.
Two chicken enchiladas, rice and beans, 9.86, I think and that's not with a drink, just the enchiladas..  Second, why is the place is called Cafe RIO?
"Rio", as in Rio de Janeiro..., right?
Let me ask you this: WHAT DOES RIO DE JANEIRO -- IN BRAZIL, MIND YOU, what does that have to do with Mexican food?
Rio de Janeiro is precisely 4761 miles or 7660.45 kilometers from Mexico City.
Wait, what?
Why not call McDonald's "Hawaiian Hula Burgers"?
Why not?
Because it makes no sense.
A lot like calling a Mexican restaurant Cafe Rio...just sayin'.
I ate next door at PotBelly a couple of times, good sandwich, but this Saturday, I just FELT like enchiladas and I thought it would be as good and cheaper than Arriba across the street.
I was wrong.
My order came out of the unfriendly Quizno-like toaster, and because the single line guy was busy, my hot enchiladas just sat there.
Then, when the single line guy DID have time to prep my order, the cashier simply HAD to speak with the manager, again, while my order just sat there.
Reminded me of the same kind of neglect I see EVERY SINGLE TIME AT The Habit.
Your order just sits there.
Any competent food person could figure out a system better than no system at all!
I cannot recommend this joint for anything.
And I've seen one in Tempe or Mesa.
Website is HORRIBLE.
Can't get a menu, near as I can tell.
Some guy's mug, all ego.
The free market is hard to predict, but I'll take Carolina's or Chipoltle on a bad day over this dump.

I finally made it here for lunch today.
Not in the mood for meat, I ordered a veggie burrito, which consisted of rice and black beans.
(The menu also listed guacamole as a vegetarian ingredient, but that was conspicuously absent from my burrito.
) I specified "enchilada style" for my burrito, meaning that they coated my burrito with a hot sauce and melted cheese.
Overall, my first experience was pretty favorable.
The tortilla was fresh and, since heated to melt the cheese on top, soft and easy to cut.
Together, the black beans and rice made for a great combination, but the "enchilada style" sauce, while mildly spiced, could have been a little spicier.
If you are looking for an authentic Mexican culinary experience, Cafe Rio would probably not be on your short list, but the ingredients are fresh, the food is good, and the menu makes for very good Mexican fast-food.
I would definitely go here again.

Shock & Awe.
It must be in their business model somewhere.
You'll be shocked when you get up to the register and $12+ for a simple chicken salad with a tortilla.
And once the shock value wears off and you finally take a bite of your salad you will be in awe that you didn't pay half the price elsewhere for a better salad.
The only thing that was enjoyable about the salad was the cilantro vinaigrette (which by the way when I asked for an extra side I was given two options.
"Do you want the $.50 or $1.00 extra?
" How about this is an $11.50 salad and an extra side of dressing is the lube before I get violated in exchange for some romaine lettuce?

I'm a dual citizen and have lived in both Mexico & the U.S. so feel I'm qualified to say Yolanda's pork tamales are the BEST I've had in a restaurant!
This isn't a fancy place & no liquor license, so if you need Mexican beer with your meal, get the take out & take your food home.
The staff even sings!
I always give a Cinco de Mayo party (not a big holiday in Mexico but good excuse for a party in May!
) and this year I'm ordering dozens of tamales from the Cafe Rio!
PLUS, I'll be back soon!

We walked in past nine in the evening and the manager, Jim, was excited to see two new patrons.
He had us try some samples of the horchata and this mint lime drink.
Everything was fresh and made from scratch each day.
He was very excited to tell us about all the great things and helped us figure out what we wanted to eat.
We ordered the carnitas burrito with everything (they have fresh jalapenos) in it, including the enchilada sauce on top.
It  was very filling, tasted fresh and had lots of flavors.
We also ordered the carnita tostada, with the whole wheat tostada.
It was more like a big salad, but it was pretty good.
I would get shredded beef next time because the carnitas did not blend well with the other flavors of the tostada taco.
Jim is right; the horchata is the best in town.
Would stop by just for that.

Cafe Rio just isn't up to par for Mexican food.
I ordered 3 tacos with steak/guac and a small drink, total $14!
Seriously, way over priced tacos for so little.
The tortillas may be homemade but I can get tortillas just as good or better at other Mexican food establishments.
I had asked if I could get cheese on the top of the tacos, it would've cost extra.
You got to be kidding me!
The lettuce was poorly cut, huge pieces that makes it hard to eat it in a taco or even a salad.
Really messy prep area and the staff pretty much lazy about how they prepared the tacos and other guests meals.
People were not that friendly nor seemed to like their jobs.
Good location to be in, yet not worth the trip.

I don't really see why I should choose this place over Del Taco or Taco Bell to be honest (let alone Chipotle or Fillie's).
The staff would be the same (maybe better) and I'd get more food for almost the same quality.
Watch out with their Taco Tuesday special.
$1.75 for a small soft taco.
If you get the "tacos", don't take the beans and rice or drink when they offer it or the special no longer applies and it jumps up to $6-$8 they don't let you know till you get to the register where they offer you a drink for a few dollars more like what happened with me.
Leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
But I went back anyway, not to be fooled again only to find out you can only get a limited amount of ingredients in the tacos for the special to apply.
I don't think I could even get cheese on it.
So I said whatever, paid my money and sat down to eat my limited tacos w/ no drink and suddenly the dining area seemed a little darker, the music a little louder and more irritating, and other diners with the same butt hurt looks on their face I probably had, and probably thinking, "Why in the world did I come here?
" too.
Café Rio gets one star in my book for having a misleading/unclear menu, unhelpful and unfriendly employees, nickel and diming approach guised as specials, overcharging for small portions of food with limited ingredients, and charging extra for things that come standard every where else.
Literally, the only positive I can say for this place is that some of the ingredients are fresh, but in the face of all those other factors and my experiences there it doesn't really matter and I won't be back.
If I'm going to have Mexican food I'll just go to one of the other 6 or so Mexican places that come readily to mind, not to mention the other local, less marketed restaurants that I use yelp to find that that eclipse this place with their better service, food, prices, and atmosphere.
For all those reasons, going here is just unthinkable to me.

I love options.
I'm the kind of person that when I have chicken strips, I want 4 different dipping sauces.
This place fulfills my need for options in a way that their competitors can't.
The menu is a little confusing, and the daily specials board doesn't have prices or explain that it includes a drink.
I had the special, the chicken tostada salad, a tostada with rice and beans, piled with romaine, chicken, pico de gallo, a dollop of sour cream, tortilla strips, and some dressing that tasted EXACTLY like the jalapeno ranch I covered everything with at Chuy's when I lived in Texas.
I also ordered chips and queso, which came with a pretty good salsa and more pico.
Drinks!
Vanilla coke!
Horchata!
Tea and lemonade!
(See what I mean about options?
)  Everything is served in foil "to-go" containers, with lids on the condiment bar for easy transport.
Next time I go I think I'll try one of the tortillas they seem so proud of.
Oh, and visit their website and click "I don't care" down toward the bottom.
You'll thank me.

I'm not a big fan of Mexican food so I ordered what I thought to be the "safest" choice on the menu- the sweet pork tacos.
I would have ordere the grilled steak or chicken but I don't want to pay the extra $1.
I ordrered 1 sweet pork taco meal that came with rice and beans.
I thought that paying $7 for a meal with no drinks is pretty steep.
Overall, I paid $8.50 for my food and drink.
The pork was pretty good- it lives up to its name- "sweet" indeed.
For all you guys out there who like your meat savory, order something else.
Also, I felt rushed when ordering.
It seems like the staff wanted their line to move as fast as possible.
I felt that  giving me 3-5 seconds to decide on what I want in my taco was a great inconvenience.
Overall, the sweet pork taco was good and the service was mediocre.

This place is set up like Chipotle or Qdoba or any of those places.
I ordered a burrito with sweet pork, enchilada style.
The meat was very sweet, good, but maybe a bit too sweet.
I'd try the steak or something else next time.
The rest of it - tortilla, sauce, rice, and cheese - were good but not great.
Overall, it was tasty, but I think I prefer Pancheros, then Chipotle, then Qdoba.

WARNING!!
THIS PLACE IS DANGEROUS!!
Look, I love Mexican food and yes I understand that RIo Cafe is the same concept as Chipotle and Qdoba, but according to my eyes and my taste buds, this place is waaaaaay better.
And according to my wallet and my checking account waaaay more expensive too, almost double =S (hey nothing is perfect).
First of all the tortillas are AMAZING!, they are made right there in front of your eyes, all the ingredients and fresh, and they give you so much food!
I confess that I am piggy, I eat A LOT, but when I go to Rio, I never finish a meal.
My favorites are the salmon salad, the nachos (hey I'm a girl still growing up haha), and the tacos.
I like the barbacoa, it's just that sweet kick in that pork that I love so much!
I have to make a confession: Yes, I agree, it is DELICIOSO to eat here, but a little too expensive for my budget, HOWEVER...
I keep going back....
why??
Because they have the BEST Horchata I've ever had in my life and believe me, I have tried many horchatas in my life.... just sayin'.
So go ahead!!
Give it a try!!!
Even if you don't want the food, go ahead and try that amazing Horchata, DELICIOSO!!
RIQUISIMO!!
YUM!
=)    Ps.- If you are on a diet, don't even drive near it!
Even though everything is fresh, there are a lot of calories on those yummy tacos/enchiladas...even the salads.
Read the nutritional facts menu before you order if you are being healthy conscious about what you eat.
(see?
I care people, I care...)

2.4/5  - How can you make Mexican food without any flavor?
Ordered the BBQ pork burrito.
Heard a lot about and read a lot of great reviews about this amazing BBQ pork.
Turns out it is shredded pork with a very bland ketchup/honey sauce on it.
I understand it's a chain and you aren't going to smoke the pork or anything that would add flavor during the cooking process but to skimp out and get the cheapest tasting BBQ sauce?
Why even try?
The other meat choices are shredded beef, shredded chicken, steak, and grilled chicken.
The shredded beef didn't look too bad but the shredded chicken was sitting in a bunch of grey water and looked like it came out of a tuna can.
The employees screwed up my order a little bit, but I forgive them due to the environment they have to work in.
When someone orders extra meat or cheese they all have to scream "extra meat" or "macho man" or something else incredibly obnoxious that I couldn't understand.
You can see by their face they are miserable doing it and I don't understand who they are doing it for.
Does a customer exist who takes great pride in everyone within earshot knowing the standard is just not enough for them?
If the owner or manager of the restaurant is reading this review, KNOCK IT OFF!
It's not funny, clever, or whatever else you think it is.
If you are looking for better quality Mexican food in the same price range first go to Baja Fresh (or Una Mas in the Bay Area), then Qdoba, then Chipotle.
On the way back I thought about whether there is any reason I would ever go back.
The only thing I could come up with is if you really want BBQ and your wife really wants Mexican and you want to be nice and compromise and get a really crappy BBQ Burrito then maybe you go here.

Service has become horrible at this place!
Todays date..May 31st, 2013 at 8:16pm.
I usually go about 5-6 times a month to this location in particular and have noticed it going downhill.
Finally this last experience inspired me to write my first Yelp review.
Two people in front of me and it took twenty minutes to get through the line.
They only ordered one dish each so it's not like I was behind a football team or something.
Kid behind the counter was as inefficient as I've ever seen plus looked stoned.
Eyes half shut and glazed over.
He struggled to put together each meal.
African American kid.. All smiles and chatty but to the staff talking and talking to the girl sweeping the floor while the lines just stacking up behind me.
Management didn't do a thing..
Most of the people were in back slicing and dicing oblivious to the front.
Finally I get my time consuming order 3 tacos.
Lol.
It's been carried around the kitchen, half forgotten on the grill.
Now it's time for checkout.
Standing at the register for 5-10 min.. What appears to be a manager rolls past me to grab a drink at the soda machine.
Starts chatting up the girl restocking the lids at the soda fountain who I later find out is my cashier.. After they joke around for awhile he rolls back past me and heads back to slicing and dicing in back.
Cashier finally comes up.. No sorry for waiting nothing.. Asks me what I had, I reply chicken tacos and ask for a drink.
She runs my card, bags the food and walks away.. No have a nice day not a word.
I'm home now.. Live less than a mile away started writing after finishing 3 luke warm bland tacos.
Probably not going back.
Until they upgrade their staff.
One more thing... Get rid of the singing..
It's demeaning to your staff.
I'm sure they don't make a ton of money and to have them drone out some half hearted song about cheese or a new customer is revolting.
And really...after waiting for the length of time it would take to wrap up a meal at a fine dining restaurant.... Do you think my moods going to improve with the staff taking time out to sing??
It only perpetuates the situation.
Putting a little more feeling behind the droning isn't going to be the solution either.
Definitely need to train your current staff to kick in when there's a wait or higher some new people.
I'd get rid of whomever the manager was...
Ridiculous!

There was a homeless man collecting the trays on the outside tables, didn't think much of it and continued in.
Took a few minutes to figure out what I wanted.
We proceeded to walk up to order and the homeless man was blocking my way.
He smelled like alchohol and tried talking to us.
He stood there staring blocking our way until I finally said excuse me and went around him.
The workers could see the whole thing!!
I tell the worker the man was bothering us and pointed him out.
By then the homeless man was at somebody's else table bothering them.
The worker did nothing so I told him to get the manager.
The manager didn't want to do anything either and tried to laugh it off.
Finally she went and told him to leave a good 5 minutes later.
Then I got charged for 3 tacos instead of 2!
The charge is almost $1 for extra cheese!
They put the cheese on the bottom of the taco, I want cheese on top but not for an extra dollar per taco and a song that is sung when you order extra cheese.
On to the food....
The pork was dry and flavorless..
The barbacoa was sweet and I really don't want my tacos to taste sweet like candy.
Overall I will not return or reccomend.
If I want those types of tacos I will stick to chipotle.

I saw a similar review to what I am about to write from Bill F down below and I just have to agree and say the same and add to it.
Went there on 6/12/13 ... service is HORRIBLE.
Went around 9:15 at night still 45min before closing.
There are 6 people behind the counter doing work, except actually helping us out.
Finally one of them decides to help us (there are two of us no one else in line) Was about the slowest process I've ever seen in my life.
took us over 15 min to get through.
Part of the problem was NO ONE was helping him.
I asked a question about the desserts (as he was making my food) so he had to stop what he was doiong ask, go get someone, etc ... instead of her just taking the initiative.
So Service was SLOWWW.
Food was OK, above a taco bell but does that really say much?
I asked if i could have black beans with my quesadilla, apparently it doesnt come with it and I can't have that.
We also bought a burrito and apparently hot sauce is an extra cost, really hot sauce?
Anyways this was my 3rd time and last time there.

Its good, not great.
Again, is just a Chipotle with more options so if you like Chipotle you will like this place.
The way food is served is just like in Chipotle (buffet style) most importantly they also compare in flavor.
Which, in my opinion, is just OK.

As a vegetarian it is hard to find fresh fast food to enjoy.
This place is awesome!
I order the tostada every time and have never been disappointed.
Especially on Wednesday when it is the deal of the day and discounted.
They have a wonderful house ranch dressing that is great on all the items as well.
My husband orders the sweet BBQ in burritos and loves it.
It doesn't cost extra for enchilada style which makes seem like you are in a sit down Mexican restaurant.
I would rather go here than any other Mexican restaurant hands down.
I also love the different drinks that they have there which you can't get anywhere else such as mint limeade and many other tasty drinks.
During lunch if you order ahead it's easy to just come and pick up your meals.
They even have a punch card so after you buy 10 meals you get one free.
I LOVE this place.

I just finished eating my take-out dinner from CRMG on Camelback.
Don't get me wrong, there is a lot of food left, unfortunately it's in the trash can.
What I noticed behind the counter was a lot of confusion among way too many high school employees.
It looked like they opened last week, yet they opened at least 6 months ago.
I used CRMG online ordering tool.
That worked.
I ordered the beef nachos and a beef burrito.
When I dug into my nacho's I didn't like that there was barely any cheese.
Also, they seem to use cheddar which once it cools changes your nachos to NACHO.
Impossible to separate.
I gave up on the nachos quickly - no flavor and a pain to eat.
Time for the burrito.
What the burrito lacked in flavor, it made up for in size.
What flavor was there, was not what I expected.
I ordered with a medium verde salsa - which it appeared to have - but it also had some kind of enchilada sauce.
The two combined to be inedible.
I ate less than 20% of the burrito before trashcanning it.
All in all, it was a wasted $18.50  Under no circumstances can I envision a return.

The food here is very good, hence the three stars.
However that is only part of any dining experience.
The service is pretty bad.
My wife and I were the only ones in line and it took us 8 minutes to get through.
The guy behind the counter kept talking to a guy who had already completed his order.
BTW, we have had slow experience at multiple locations.
You guys should take a trip over to Chiplote's and learn how to run an efficient line.

I stopped in for lunch today.
The portions were HUGE and the toppings were plentiful!
I ordered a veggi burrito.
It was great!
The tortilla was freshly made and the toppings were fresh as well.
Service was quick but the place was super crowded and there wasn't enough seating.
I'm likely to return for dinner but probably not for lunch if I am in a hurry.

Stopped by for lunch with a friend one weekday afternoon.
I'd heard him talk about this place a few times as its' close to his office so I had high hopes.
It's very latin themed when you walk in, bright and cheery colors.
I would describe it as a closer to authentic Chipotle.
They have burritos, tacos, enchiladas, etc.
and you make your meat selection and choose your sides.
I had the taco combo with fire grilled chicken, rice, and beans.
My mouth started watering as I saw them hand making the tortillas.
I paid for our meals, stopped by the drinks and got some horchata (they're selection of jugos looked great), grabbed a seat and dug in.
I really liked the tacos.
I've never had Chipotle's tacos but these were a mix between street tacos and your taco bell fare, and I thought they were great.
The rice and beans were okay.
I wish there was one closer to where I live but I'll definitely return.

absolutely in love with their tortillas.
I like to buy a few to take home & use for tacos and burritos.
sold a la carte, one big burrito size or two small taco size sell for $1.

Heck yes!!
Since moving to the west valley I can only dream of Cafe Rio in Gilbert, but no more!
This location is still a drive, but its much closer.
I'm still hoping they open one near west gate.
Cafe Rio how I love thee, let me count the ways.
I was first introduced to it by my boyfriend who went regularly in a different state and swore I would like it, even though I'm not a fan of Mexican (yes!
I said it!
) I ordered a chicken salad with pinto beans and all the fixings, extra cheese (shredded).
As directed by my man I chose the tomatillo ranch dressing.
Taste buds delight!!!
Fresh quality ingredients.
No iceberg lettuce here!
Great meat, and no fat/gristle like Chipotle loves to charge you premium prices for.
Everything is delicious.
I've been going to Cafe Rio now for 4 years and I'm still having a love affair with their salads.
I keep meaning to try a burrito but I just can't pass up the crisp coolness of the romaine lettuce and cilantro.
Mmmm.

I decided to come in around lunch time on a Tuesday afternoon.
As I was entering, a couple of businessmen were leaving and talking about how busy it gets because of their specials.
I knew what they meant when I saw the line but I figured it must move quickly, so I decided to wait...it was lunch after all and a place being jam packed at that time is generally a good sign.
The special on Tuesday was tacos for $1.75...beef, chicken, or pork.
I ordered one pork and and one beef.
With rice, beans, and a drink, my total came to just over $5.
Not bad at all.
The beef was really good, the pork a little disappointing.
Too sweet for my taste.
I was happy with the rice and beans and the horchatta hit the spot.
Oh..and the TORTILLAS!!
Best part of the meal.
I ordered my food to go and took it back to work to eat.
In the end I exhausted almost my whole lunch break (I was gone for 25 minutes).
You can send your order in ahead of time online so you don't have to wait.
That may be the way to go for someone who has a short lunch break.
I may try that next time.

Wow, Mexican food as good as I get in Vancouver.....
I have been trying to get my fill on Mexican food while here in AZ and got drawn in to Cafe Rio by their fresh homemade tortilla sign.
It is kind of sad when the tortilla is the highlight of the meal.
I ordered the Maria Enchilada with medium salsa and had pico de gallo on the side.
It was so devoid of flavor, spice or heat that I would consider it the equivalent of Mexican baby food.
There are so many other better places to go.

Have you ever had a meal that leaves you equal parts full and unsatisfied?
It happens to me all the time.
Here's the deal: When most people are starving they'll eat anything right?
Like, "Is there peanut butter or maybe some triscuits in the cupboard.
Oh good, I'm starving.
I'll eat those.
"   I'm the opposite.
A very common exchange in my life is:  Me: I'm staaaaarving.
Someone (slightly) more rational than I am: Um, there's a kitchen full of food right there.
Me: No, I'm starving!
I need something really good!
I can't waste this!
Yes, that's right.
I don't like to "waste" hunger.
And that is exactly what I feel like I did at Café Rio.
After reaching full-on STARVATION MODE one Tuesday Night, I set my sights on Taco Tuesday and began to research.
Yes, this is how seriously I take my bouts of hunger.
It involves research.
After reading Yelp it appeared that both Café Rio and Rubio's had $1.50 tacos but Café Rio was a couple miles closer and Rubio's only had fish tacos on special so we opted for Rio.
Upon walking up to the entrance, we realized were surrounded by children, which was curious.
The place seemed like Chipotle-esque fast casual Mexican.
Certainly kid friendly but it's not like there was a damn play place involved.
We felt like we were at a day care.
It was extremely confusing.
So we get in line and have no idea what the hell is going on.
It's hard to tell if they are an "order-off-the-menu" place or a "walk down the line and pick what you want you want" place.
So I just shout three different types of meat at the guy behind the counter and hope for the best.
Finally, it appears like I've reached the portion of the line where I will be dressing my tacos.
"Do you want lettuce and pico de gallo" "Yes please"  No other questions followed.
I saw cheese.
I saw beans.
I saw rice.
Were any of these offered to me?
No.
Finally when it became clear this was not a "point and get" situation, I asked the guy behind the counter if they had a hot salsa.
"We have our Salsa Fresca, it's the hottest we have, and it's FREE!
"  Um, yes I would assume it's free considering you are a MEXICAN RESTAURANT and it is a side of SALSA.
Lance and I both got 3 tacos, I got an iced tea, and our bill was $16.23.
Now, I wasn't a math major, but that doesn't sound like $1.50 tacos to me.
Turns out only one of the tacos we got was on special ($1.75, actually, though I did get my $1.50 number from Yelp so that's not their fault).
Grilled chicken and steak were not on special.
All of the sudden, Rubio's started sounding really good.
We chose a corner table and proceeded to feed our starvation (did I mention that we were STARVING) while some Adderall-ridden 5 year old danced about 3 feet away from us.
Yes, I said dance.
Girl was jumping up and down like she was at a damn Ke$ha concert with absolutely no regard for the people around her, which was probably just as well because we were too busy stuffing our faces with dry chicken, diced tomatoes posing as pico-de-gallo, and lettuce.
One thing I will say is the tortillas were delicious.
We go to leave and see a sign by the register: Children 6 and Under Get a Free Quesadilla.
Aha, mystery solved.
Probably the most satisfying part of our visit.
Moral of the story: There's a Chipotle across the street.
There's a Rubio's two miles away.
There's probably freaking peanut butter and Triscuits in your cabinet.
All of these would be better options than wasting your hunger on this place.
Unless you're under 6 in which case, quesadilla party at Cafe Rio.

Pork tacos are real good.
My wife likes the pork salad.
All tacos are quite good.

This place is like Chipotle or Qudoba, except  not as good as either one.
I only had the salad there and nothing else so this review is based on that, but I could still see everything everyone else was getting and it didn't look too much better.
They make fresh tortillas which is nice, but it is sort or counter to the store bought type consistency of the guacamole.
I prefer Chipotle, Qudoba, and Gadzooks to Cafe Rio.

Came again on a Tuesday but I swear the sign today said that the tacos were $1.95.
I opted for a burrito and was fairly underwhelmed.
I got the beef which was good, but when I got it enchilada style I asked for mild sauce, not knowing it was green.
My fault I guess.
You know when you get mild and it ends up having a little spice?
Not here.
Mild = tasteless.
if there is a next time, I'll have to get the medium or something hotter.
The people behind the counter scream things to one another and then they all repeat...I think it's supposed to be entertaining but it's obnoxious.
Maybe I'm just yelping while grumpy...

This place is gringo heaven, the music is much louder than it needs to be , the food is average by the time you stand in line and order, wait to pay and get to your table your food is less that hot.
A co worker recommend this place trust me there are to many good Mexican hole in the walls that are clean and have great food in this neighborhood

Great food, I would come here for the handmade tortillas.
The service on the other hand is terrible.
On the 4 occasions I have been here I have always had some problem with the service.
They do not communicate with each other well.
I wanted a veggie salad and the first guy put meat on it, than the cashier charged us for the guacamole (which comes with the veggie option) and she charged us for the meat after we told someone 3 different times that it was suppose to be veggie.
It is a cool environment but service needs work

Very delicious pulled chicken tacos.
The rice was undercooked, but the tacos are so good.
It's my new fave taco place.

Best flavorful food out of all Mexican fast casual restaurant chains.
My favorite two items are the tacos and the salad.
The tacos with grilled chicken rock!
I added some of their ranch dressing and special crumble cheese to mine and they were wonderful.
The taco salads are great also.
Lots of flavor.
Unlike other previous reviewers I do not need a concierge to work my way through a fast casual restaurant.
Read the website, take more than 2 minutes to read signage and ask questions if needed.
Staff is friendly sometimes a little slow in the head but I don't consider this full service.
They have daily specials unlike chipotle or Qdoba and outdoor seating options.
Check out the drink options,  amazing refreshing choices like sugar free strawberry lemonade.
Delicious

If you like soggy, mediocre burritos and rude service, this is the place to go.
This is the Southwest.
There are too many quality options out there to waste any time or money on this place.
Go to Gadzooks or Filibertos if you're looking for some fast Mexican food.

I lived by the first Cafe Rio ever (provo, ut)and have been eating there a couple times a week since.
I used drive to Gilbert on weekends to get my fix so I was so excited when they opened up by home.
The opening crew was energetic and refreshing at first but now the crew is cranky!
They act as though you are bothering them being there!
I can't believe how much slower they are now without the originals there.
I will give props to the Same great food and our sweet lady who works both in dining room as well as in the back... restocking the food!
Hey name falling me now,  but she is the BEST!
Her love and smile is the ONLY thing that makes me come back to this location.
Please find a crew who represents your brand better... there is no love anymore

I've always loved this place.
You have to try the shredded beef salad.
It's the best thing on the menu by far!
And the house dressing is delicious.
Kids get a free cheese quesadilla when you order an adult entree which is great.
This specific location has never had super friendly employees...
I just remember the Gilbert location being so nice and this one is lacking in that department.

I love this place.
One of my favorites from now on.
I had their shredded pork salad and the nachos, Yummy!

Cafe Rio is addictive.
Their sweet pork (marinated in Dr Pepper I hear) is some of the best I've had.
Their tortillas are fresh and taste amazing.
Their tres leaches is fantastic and I really enjoy the horchata.
This is a much more authentic and tasty alternative to Chipotle.

So I was in Vegas on business and my client took me to eat here (at the Vegas location).
It was awesome!
When I got back to AZ i Googled them to find a location close to me.
Well there are none that are really close to me, but I went out of my way to eat here and show this place to my wife.
For some reason it was not as good as the location in Vegas but it was still very good.
Whenever I am in their neck of the woods I will hit it up.

100x better than chipotle or the like.
Tortillas are made fresh, everything tastes fresh and flavorful.
I had the burrito made enchilada style with hot sauce and cheese, baked.
Few downsides - it's a little pricier than competitors, the salt level is on the high side for the meat, and some of the staff can be rude.
But it's totally worth it for the food that you get.

Great food!
nice place, staff if very friendly!
They got my vote!

This restaurant has the worst customer service I have ever experienced.
The person serving me rolled her eyes when I asked to not have cheese on a tortilla (I had never been given a choice).
The other person literally did not guide me through any choices (he said "what do you want?").
Then he walked away in the middle of serving my sister.
Awful awful.
I asked for a manager and the person at the cash register looked at me like I was crazy.
I will never go back.
This place needs a manager and a major customer service overhaul.

I absolutely love the Rio!
I stopped in one afternoon, and experienced the absolutely BEST tacos I've had in the Valley.
Homemade tortillas that can't be beat.
If you're looking for a fresher alternative to the burrito chains, then look no further!

I have eaten here 3 times now.
Each time I keep hoping I will like it more and more.
Nope.
I really liked the ranch tamitillo dressing, but the meat was not as tasty.
The pork was too sweet for me.

SUPER SLOW!
Never been to such a slow Cafe Rio.
There was no one in line, but it too 10-15 minutes to get food.
Poorly organized staff.

I LOVE CAFE RIO!!
I have been going to various locations for about eight years and I LOVE their pork!
YUM!
YUM!
It is VERY unique.
Try it out (: Even my super picky mom likes it.
Wow!

To paraphrase Woody Allen, "Such bad food, and such small portions".
Like Chipotale/Qdobe/America's Taco Shop but not as good.
The good: Fresh tortillas  The bad: Everything else.
Service was bizarre.
Weird combination of personalized, non-personalized and uncaring.
I asked for my burrito as dry as possible and they made it sopping wet.
Literally dripping out the tortilla in multiple places so I had to knife-and-fork it.
Pork barbacoa was unique and sounded great but was not very good -- waaaay too sweet.
Going down the service line, they asked me what kind of salsa I wanted ("none, thanks") and proceeded to dump a bunch of cheese inside my burrito without asking:   "Um, I'm sorry, but I didn't ask for cheese and can't have any" "We put cheese in every burrito" "You asked me what kind of menu item I wanted, what kind or rice, what kind of beans and what kind of meat, but you just put loads of cheese on everything without asking?
" *Rolls eyes and remakes burrito and begins to fold it* "Excuse me, can I get lettuce in it?
" "It goes in the oven, so we don't put it inside (places in oven), you get lettuce on the side" "But......."  So I can't have what I want or the way I want it.
Got it.
To boot, a relatively small portion and about $1 more expensive than Chipotle/Qdoba, etc.
No thanks.
I'll go anywhere else.

I keep going back to this place because I love their salad bowl; however, I hate how every time I go my salad gets smaller.
Also, I do not like that they move so fast even if I am the only person in line...give me some time to be able to tell you what I want on my order without rushing me like there is no tomorrow.
The staff is friendly do not get me wrong, but they just need to chill a little....

The salmon tacos are awesome.
My coworkers and I are here every Friday without fail.
The special drinks are great.
I like the mint lime.

Great food.
Excellent value and great service.
Always suggest the salad with the sweet pork Barbacoa.
Excellent choice try it.

I am so excited that they opened a Cafe Rio here in Phoenix!
Their fresh tortillas are AMAZING!
I love getting their Salads with chicken and their house ranch dressing is to die for!
I think that is one of the reasons why I go there!
I just wished they had a few more options for toppings!
I will be back!

3 words: blah, blah, and blah.
Food is bland.
Staff demeanor was poor.
Would go back only for the homemade tortillas.

Love this place!
Such tasty burritos.
What's not to love?
Fresh made tortillas right in front of you, tasty meat choices ( I like the sweet pork!
) and make sure to get it enchilada style to get it smothered with awesomeness!
Then get ready for some tasty hot sauce variety to choose from.
I'm proud to say I overheat every time I come here.
Thanks Cafe Rio, I heart you

This is literally my favorite place to eat in the entire world.
If I was on death row a sweet pork burrito smothered in medium sauce would be my last meal.
Go out of your way to try this place out.
Everything is good on the menu and they have taco Tuesdays.

