The first time I went here, we had a Jeep lock that after many years of having it slammed by kids, finally went kaput.
So we had them repair the mechanism.
Funny thing was they did a complete inspection and had a long list of items they said needed repaired, such as the radiator needed flushed, the serpentine belt needed replaced, there was a problem with the suspension, the rear seal was leaking, and they suggested getting a transmission service as well.
All we wanted was for them to fix the door latch.
And some of the things they suggested were done less than a year ago.
So we just had them fix the lock.
Or so we thought.
Everything seemed fine until we discovered that the door no longer locks using the remote.
We can only lock it manually.
When presented with this they said that they'd look at it but we might have to leave it there or come back when they were less busy.
So we found a good day and brought it back in.
We decided to take it back and also get the radiator flush ( because we knew this DID need to get done and though we've done it before, it's a bitch to do on this car ).
A service they estimated at $49.99 with their coupon.
And we were hoping they would be able to get the lock finally fixed correctly.
Instead, they claimed the the upper and lower radiator hoses needed changed out, the thermostat as well, maybe the radiator and water pump, and it needed back flushed.
They guesstimated this to come in at close to $550.
So my wife said to them, how about just doing the flush?
They declined.
They didn't want to do just the flush.
So she wisely decided to wait.
And when she got it home, it was leaking coolant all over the garage.
What they missed entirely was the 4 inch crack in the radiator!
They did however say that if we got it back to the garage they'd take a look at it.
Here's what we did instead.
We got a new radiator, took out the old one, found the hoses to be perfectly fine and not needing to be replaced, changed the coolant out, cleaned the hoses, put a new radiator in and did all this for the cost of the radiator.
Do yourself a favor, DO NOT GO HERE.
They still haven't fixed the original problem ( and that cost us over $300.
) but were all gung ho to find other things to fix ( or not, as is the case ).
They just don't seem very reliable, competent, or honest.

Not sure whether the same people are there since the previous review.
My guess is no.
I took my car to Sun Auto to have the A/C recharged.
They did a complimentary inspection and pointed out some things that would need attention, but nothing critical that needed to be done right away.
They even checked the thickness of my brake rotors, since the front pads are beginning to get low.
The owner is a friendly guy who is fun to chat with, showed me several things on my car for my own information, told me a few things I can do myself rather than having them do them.
They found no leaks in the car and said that overall it was in very good shape (I bought this car about six weeks before I took it in).

I called and made an appointment to have the transmission serviced and asked them to tighten a squealing belt that was just changed at the beginning of the month on my daughters car.
I sent my daughter to have the work done.....BIG MISTAKE!
Nothing like preying on a young girl.
They said it's squealing because oil is leaking on it and it needs to be replaced.
The oil is belt dressing that I sprayed on it to avoid having to go to another auto shop.
They wanted to charge her $90.00 to power wash the engine to find the oil leak!!
And $172.00 to replace a brand new belt!

This place is horrible.
I have taken my car In there for them to fix my power steering pump 2 times.
1st time went well I paid them over 1500 to do it and it lasted for a month.
They obviously didn't fix it, because I was on the other side of town and my steering wheel seized up.
You think after spending that much money it would be fixed right, so they had me bring it back in and fix it for free.
(2nd time)  About 3 months later right now, my power steering is still making more sounds.
I'm pretty sure it's not the parts fault, they just never fix it right.
I'll call again and they will just have me bring it back in so I can pay more for something else they won't fix.
Real high class establishment!

I found this shop through searching the BBB for a shop with A+ rating.
They have always bent over backward to give me a more than fair deal with pricing and explained my car issues to me in a thoroughly, so I could make an educated choice on what I could afford.
I've done my due diligence to compare their analysis and pricing and they've always been the best.
Being a woman and having many cars, I've have dealt with many shops that are condescending or overly flirty, and none of the guys working there are like that.
Very professional, honorable, and serve the community well.

Went in for an oil change.
Told car will be done in 45mins.
Went for a walk and called to check on car to see if it was ready, guy told me that they did a tire rotation and two of my lug nuts were stripped so its going to take 10more mins.
Told me that they are replacing the lug nuts and its probably going to cost me about $2 each.
seems fair to me, so I went ahead with it.
Walked back to the place to pick up my car.
Guy told me that because my lug nuts were chrome, the price of the lug nuts were $8.50 each instead.
So I ended up paying more for the lug nuts then I did for the oil change.
I was not even told they were going to do a tire rotation on my car in the first place, I just presumed it was going to be an oil change and that's that.
I didn't fight my case and just went ahead to pay the $$ and left because I wasn't sure how much a lug nut would cost.
After doing some research on the internet, I realized that I could get a set of 10 chrome lug nuts for $15.
I paid $17 for 2 lug nuts!!
All in all, I feel ripped off.
They took advantage of the fact that I don't know much about cars.
I should have read the reviews before trying the place out!
I am definitely NOT returning!
Thank you for nothing!

So I went in for an oil change last week and they told me my headlight had burned out.
They asked me if I wanted to purchase a new one but I declined.
I figured I could find something cheaper elsewhere and sure enough i went to autozone to visit a friend who works there.
As he (my friend) started to put it in, he wiggled the old lightbulb around and sure enough it turned on.
I found it a little fishy from the beginning that my headlight all of a sudden wasn't working.
Before you fall into their trap of overly priced car maintenances, always get a second opinion!!

A year and a half ago I took my car in to look at the breaks.
They said that my rotors were bad.
They said they could shave them down for $589.
I said ok and immediately felt swindled.
I called my friend who works on cars and he said it's more expensive to shave them down than to buy new ones ($150) and he would put them on for way less.
I called Sun Auto back literally 2 min after I said ok and they said they were already done with one.
I work in the machining business and know it doesn't happen that fast.
Also, shaving them down is all labor cost which auto places generally charge$100 - $175 an hour.
This is if they spend even ten minutes to do something.
I told them I just can't spend that kind of money.
They said they would stop with just the one and I could come pick it up in 10 min.
(That sounds safe!
) They told me I had to pay $350 and I had to bring them back there to Sun Auto to finish the job because I would be charged more by other auto places.
I payed and left.
When my friend went to take off the rotors he noticed they were a rusted on.
Sun Auto never took them off!
All they did was put new brake pads on to make it feel better when driving for about two weeks.
A set of high end new brake pads cost $50.
Lesson learned!

