I had just moved to the area and needed a nail salon.
I was pretty specific on my requirements.
Let's just say I refuse to go to the places found in your shopping malls & on every corner.
I came across Avare, walked in, made an appt.
for same day, met Heidi and loved her.
Prices are the same as what I paid back in Chicago.
She is great!
And I had the same nail tech, a friend of mine, for over 8 years so I was happy to find Heidi and her services so quickly.
I have now been back a couple times.
Very cute, airy overall space as well & rest of staff are also friendly!
Highly suggest for gel nails!

Found this salon on Yelp when I was searching for a good gel manicure.
There was only one review but it was a good one for Heidi.
And it was close to my house.
I really enjoyed the manicure and Heidi's company.
I'll definitely be back, maybe for a manicure AND a Brazilian Blowout!

I been going to nail salons around Mesa since I moved here five years ago.
I been to those that are found in malls.
I even been to a nail salon in a hair salon and it was all drama.
With Heidi you will find professionalism and friendship and great service.
Heidi pedicures are outstanding along with her nail service.
I highly recommend Heidi and Avare for nails and pedicures.
I have also been getting my hair done at Avare for over a year with Tammy Crist and highly recommend getting your hair services done with her.

What a great experience!
I was from out of town and my nails needed some attention badly.
I was able to get right in with Heidi and she did a fantastic job on a gel fill.
She was very nice and efficient.
Excited to know she does pedicure's!
I will get that booked the next time.
Overall very nice salon.

Thank you Tammy for fixing my hair!
I love it!
The color is perfect and I am getting lots of compliments!

I'm delighted to have found a sassy new salon near me!
I'm new here and worried about trusting my hair to new hands, but Pam was amazing!
She fit me in the same day and crafted a style I've never tried before but absolutely love!!
Well worth the price, which was reasonable.
Yay!

