Terrible!!!
I came in for a simple serpentine belt fix.
It came off after a speed bump that I took too hard.
They wanted a $50 'diagnostic' fee and then were already talking about replacing the belt, the tensioner and a pulley or two before even seeing the car.
I explained that all I needed was the belt put back on just so I can get home, switch to another car and take my kid to his first day at 1st grade.
The attendant continued to insist that it was not possible, despite signs all over the place that this was a place for COMPLETE auto care.
Sounds like to me they were just in for the complete UPSELL and attempted raping of my wallet.
Way to win relationships with your local community and build trust with potential customers!
Not.
It's a damn shame.
The mechanic looked like he wanted to help out, but it I come to find out later that the attendant I was talking to was actually the manager.
Take your car elsewhere.
The only thing you'll get here is a bigger headache than what you started with and a much lighter wallet if you let them CON you into some 'work.
' Shame on you Firestone on Rainbow to tarnish a good name like Firestone!

GREAT!
I was in dire need of four new tires.
I called around to many places in the area, not only was Firestone the best price by far, they were very eager to earn my business.
I was taken care of by two excellent servicemen from start to finish, Justin, and Barry.
They were both helpful, knowledgeable, and happy to have me there.
I was fully explained everything that would be done, and everything that they offered to check free of charge.
After the tires were put on, they informed me that my car was in great shape, and nothing else needed to be done at this time.
I HAVE NEVER BEEN TOLD THIS AT AN AUTO REPAIR SHOP.
I can't explain enough how refreshing this was to hear.
All in all I had a great experience here.
5 stars.
Ask for Barry in the shop, or Justin in the service dept.
They will take great care of you as they did me.

I recently had some issues with my truck not starting.
I was sick when I took my truck to the Firestone on Rainbow.
The guys there were really nice.
They listened while I explained the issues.
They even gave me a ride back home, so I didn't have to suffer while they looked at the truck.
Even though, they couldn't find the source of the problem the first time, they were still very nice and helpful.
About two weeks later my truck died again and even though I was across the street from a Firestone, I had my truck towed back to them.
Once again the guys were helpful.
They were able to diagnose the issue and within a reasonable amount of time replace my fuel pump.
The techs even took the time to explain the issues to me.
I don't feel like they tried to up sell me or get me to do work that didn't need to be done.
I was very happy with the friendly service that I received.

I recently had an alignment done on my car at this location (rainbow and 215) and when I got my car back it was in the same if not worst condition   than when I left it.
I was informed that one of the nuts for a tie rod was ceased, I didn't have time at the moment to ask for a refund or redo the alignment, so I took it to another Firestone and they had no problems in performing the procedure correctly.
I have read some of the reviews for this store and dismissed them, I made a mistake.
I would suggest that you do your research when going to places like these, but you can always use my experience, for example, and learn from it.
Although the problem was solved, I would recommend that you avoid Firestone altogether, the only honest place in Vegas that I have found is called Allied automotive located on desert inn just west of valley view.
Hope this helps.

My truck needed an oil change and it had been having a problem with stalling since my last oil change (at a different merchant).
I was impressed with the friendly and knowledgeable staff (especially Justin and Thomas) both in person and on the phone.
The shop itself is clean and modern with ample parking and convenient hours of operation.
The oil change was standard, but I received an excellent promotional price.
My other problem was investigated and solved at a very fair price and I was given a comprehensive quote for other services -- but I wasn't pressured to get any of them.
Again, very friendly staff who listened to me.
I would definitely recommend and return to Firestone.

Whipped in with the wife's car due to a low air indicator.
Guy hooked me up with a quickness!
Friendly, fast service, good job!

Slow service.
Waited over 2 hours for oil change.
Watched others come and go.
Clean place, friendly service but mismanaged.
I will take my business elsewhere.
Slow service.
Waited over 2 hours for oil change.
Watched others come and go.
Clean place, friendly service but mismanaged.
I will take my business elsewhere.

Honestly, I live all the way out in  Los Angeles but come to Vegas frequently.
I love the service here at this location specifically.
All the gentlemen that work here are very helpful and know there stuff.
I purchased the lifetime warranty for a wheel alignment when this location newly opened.
The guys there have a sense of humor thats enlightening and definitely helps time go by faster when you are waiting for your car.
This place was the location also for my car's very FIRST oil change.
It is pretty safe to say that I am happy with Firestone and their services.
I will definitely recommend this place to anyone for all auto service needs.
You guys have my business for the long run.

Very professional.
Being a woman, I almost expect to be treated like I don't know anything,but that wasn't the case here.
They actually listened to what I had to say and never once made me feel belittled.
I'll definitely come back

I had my brakes serviced there a month ago and had to bring my car back in because the brakes wouldn't stop squeaking after the service.
Squeaks happen sometimes during routine brake work but here is why I won't take my car back - both times, the shop did not put the valve caps back on my tires after airing them up.
While this is a small item (incredibly irritating nonetheless), it demonstrates to me a lack of attention to detail.
If you can't expect them to simply replace a cap, what do you think will happen when asking them to do major work?

Mixed feelings but more good than bad.....
Needing an oil change and being that this place is right around the corner from my house I called  in and was quoted 90 minutes to 2 hours for the oil change.
I arrived just a few minutes later to drop off my car.
The place seemed clean and the guy behind the counter (Thomas) seemed pleasant and professional.
Looking around it did seem like they had a lot of cars to work on and he expressed how they were always busy.
Thomas and I talked a little bit and he did the standard up-sale routine..no big deal, you can pretty much count on this.
Thomas advised me that I  likely needed to change my timing belt and that my engine could be blown soon if  I didn't do it.
He quoted me $800 for the timing belt and water pump for parts and labor.
I left my car there and began the short walk back to my house.
I made a few calls and determined that I could pretty easily get the same work done for $450.
After 3.5 hours of waiting I called them and asked how long it would be and was told it would be an additional hour for the work.
After 4 hours of waiting I got a call from Firestone and they told me that there was no oil in my car and they put 2 quarts in my car as a courtesy and didn't actually do the oil change.
They said that I should bring it back in a week and get the oil changed and I owed them nothing.
I was pretty unhappy with the time they were off by in their quote for an oil change, twice as long as they said.
This is something they do all day every day, seems like they should have it pretty ironed out how long things will take.
However I cannot deny the customer service they provided was above average and they actually seemed to care.
They took their time and explained things well.
Their quote was higher then the others I called for timing belt and water pump as well, but I expect that from a chain maintenance place.
In the end I would have to say they seem trustworthy which is important when considering where to take your car, however  I would allow some extra time for an oil change and maybe shop around for a better price on any major maintenance you may need.

Rip off !!!!
All I can say.
I went there on Tuesday morning 7/16/13 because I needed a tune-up for my car.
Walked in and welcomed by a mechanic there.
After he looked up my information in the system and said I need to change the valves cover gasket too because it's leaking.
I asked for the total price of both tune up and change the gasket.
He said the total would be around $700 something so I said I don't have enough money so I will come back the other day ( reason for saying that because I only needed the tune up now I need another gasket change and the price is too high!!!!
) but he didn't let me walk out that easily and he asked me if I want to register for the card at their shop so I could pay with the car like a credit car that has $1200.
I said ok and after 10 minus I got approve but I tried to walked out and he said you have $1200 in your card right now and 10% off why don't you just do it right now, do it when you can.
I still tried to avoid it and said I'll come back and he raised his voice.
At the point, I can't stay anymore and walked out.
These people are trained to rip off people.
So I searched on Yelp for another place and it showed that one place call " Busy Buggy " so I went there, got my car back at 1:30 for tuning up and valves cover gasket changes plus put on the rotor and brake pads which I had the parts and brought it there for them to installed it plus rotation.
Surprisingly, $510 for everything and I got $25 off because now they are offering buy $50 for a deal of $75.
Clean office and free sodas, cookies and ice cream for the hot days plus free ride home if you have to leave your car there.

I stopped in to Firestone Auto Care on a Sunday afternoon for some assistance with my tires.
I have these weird custom air nozzle caps on my tires that require the smallest allen wrench, without it you can't get the caps off.
They were very busy working on several cars but a young guy was very willing to help and filled all 4 tires for me.
He didn't ask for a tip, and didn't even hint that he was requiring one.
I will be back for other services based on this simple visit where I asked for a favor and they were so helpful!
Bravo!

Love the service there, Thomas was very friendly and professional.
I bought a lifetime alignment from California and expected that would work here too.
I had a Nail in one of my tire, he told me to bring my car in and did all what I needed just the way it support to be, got out in 1:30 hours.
Very happy with this location and will highly recommend it, thanks again Thomas!

I'm rating this place a 5 star for a second time because they deserve it!
I pulled up the other night when my PSI reading was low and without skipping a beat, Shawn Paul hopped over the chains and started filling my tires.
This is only my 2nd time here and he remembered me as if I came by yesterday.
I was very impressed.
My oil indicator light was on and being that my membership with an auto shop is across town, I figured I would ask.
Shawn told me he doesn't do quotes as he is just a mechanic but that he would be happy to send me a quote if I provide him my contact info.
He sent me the quote as promised and it was cheaper than the other place I've been going EVEN with the membership I have with the other place.
I made an appointment and brought my vehicle in this morning.
When I arrived my appointment got lost and wasn't in the system but I was assured that it wouldn't be a problem.
They asked me if I wanted to sign up for their preferred membership program and he explained it to me.
Sounded like an awesome deal so I signed up and was approved.
I now can get 20% off any service over $299 and my oil change today is FREE!
Also I get $20 off of oil changes for life.
WHOA!
Why did I ever go anywhere else?
The staff is some of the friendliest I've experienced in the auto shop biz.
They seem to really care about saving you money while making sure your car is taken care of.
Very impressed by this place and so glad they are conveniently located across the street from my house!
Win!

It's like that one place I went to in downtown San Francisco whose establishment name I forgot but, it's like their 2 sausage, 2 bacon and 2 eggs for $2.50 deal, ...an oil change, tire rotation and nitrogen tire fill up for $20... one heck of a meal of a deal, if you're a car, and I like to keep the nelly fed ;P

i'm glad other people have had a good experience here, but i just had my second bad experience and i didn't even have to leave my house.
I was here earlier in the year for an oil change, waited over 2 1/2 hours, the estimated time was much lower, we saw many people come in after us and leave before us, they never apologized for the wait, and to top it off they didn't put a sticker in my car to let me know when to come back, and they didn't reset the "service needed" light.
I just called to inquire about a transmission flush and when i explained to the guy what was going on he bluntly said my transmission is shot and he couldn't do anything for me.
how can you know that with certainty without looking at my car first?
he got snotty when i tried to make an appt stating he didn't have any this weekend.
That's fine, they will never get my business again.
The location on Maryland, however, has always been fantastic, go there instead!

I feel comfortable recommending this business for all auto repair tasks.
I have been here with a variety of different maladies for my car with over 100k miles on it.
Frankly, I feel the staff are professional and prices are acceptable.
They try to "Make Deals" and "Work With You" and compete on price but I would rather have a constantly competent and responsible, trustworthy , "automobile maintenance is an exact science and we're the scientists" kind of experience than a cut-rate, discount, everything is on sale kind of experience.
Fortunately, this place delivers both to a degree.
I liked Barry and Thomas, but all the staff leave good impressions.
To forge a metaphor, there are auto care businesses like a "L"... You get a real sharp drop in experience satisfaction pretty quick... And there are auto care businesses like a "T" where the quality is pretty strong and supported all the time.
That's this place, a "T".
People bring in the craziest things (complete with the anger and frustration that is natural when facing uncertainty)  that must challenge the mechanics and front staff.
I know I have.
I'd just go bonkers if I had to work here every day.
I'm glad these folks are working here , and I think you will be to.
Tips: go online and apply for the Firestone credit card before you need it!
Also, have a friend pick you up so you don't have to sit next to the guy writing Yelp reviews.
:-)

I usually feel uncomfortable going to places that have to do with car repair because being that I'm not an expert, but not completely an idiot either, I usually feel like companies like these are trying to dig deep in my pockets.
I must say that is not the experience that I got here.
Let me give a little background saying that I came here for a rear tire replacement.
I was looking for Bridgestone in particular and FYI, Firestone and Ted Wiens is the only one that carries them in Las Vegas.
So that is what I was informed.
I'm currently driving on a spare and that is very dangerous considering that you can only drive 50mph on it and most roadways on average is 55+.
I for certain have a heavy foot so I needed to replace it pronto.
It was a Sunday, too.
I went to Sams Club, called Firestone, Big O, TireWorks, and TedWiens.
Only firestone and Big O was open.
Barry, was the one that had assisted me and he is the CSM.
Extremely helpful not only on the phone, but also in person.
He made me feel at ease versus pressured about the choices that were available to me.
My car is less than a year old so I was leanin on just replacing the one tire vs all four.
Barry even suggested that with me having an all wheel drive car, it was recommended that I should actually be changing all.
BUT luckily I knew that much about the replacement.
Anyhow, after thought I decided to just get one replacement.
I called the next day and Barry set it all up for me.
I mean he did the invoice and everything.
All they had to do was check me in and take my payment.
Although my wait was long since I came in last minute, that was the only downfall.
Experience leading up to it, was great.

Get the lifetime alignment Warranty well worth it.
Bargain with the guy he will lower the original quote.

I went to firestone today to have my rear brakes replaced and my front rotors checked due to vibration.
Meinecke had told me that my back brakes for at 20 percent.
After a break inspection, I was advised that my brakes were in good condition.
I  had the front brakes done and the rotors resurfaced.
Also had an alignment and an oil change.
The advisor James was very helpful and I will definitely be going back here again.

As we were heading into Las Vegas from Southern California, the "check engine" light illuminated our dash.
This anxiety inducing light gives me images of my car stranded down a desert road only Jimmy Hoffa and I know about.
I called every shop in the vicinity and all were closed or closing (6 p.m.).
I punched in the last number (and last hope) Google provided and was connected to the Service Manager Barry.
He stated that he would be able to take in my vehicle for an oil change as his last customer (I was still 30 mins drive away) and assured me he would stay open late to provide this service.
This location went above and beyond for my car and I couldn't be more grateful.
If I lived in Vegas, this would be my go-to location for all services.
Thank you, Barry!

My first few visits here were to fix a problem that another shop couldn't fix.
Firestone diagnosed the problem, stayed open late to fix it, and called me to let me know that instead of waiting till the next day, I could come by the shop to get my car since a manager would still be there doing paperwork.
And this was done free of charge.
My next visit here was to find and fix an oil leak.
I was told the work would take a whole day, so I dropped off my car at 7:00am.
Due to being backed up they didn't start on my car until 3:00pm, but I didn't know that until I called them that afternoon.
They insisted that my car would be done that day, but at 8:00pm they called to let me know that it wouldn't be done till 11:00am the following day.
I was admittedly very upset, and I let them know as much.
After picking up my car the next day the store manager spoke with me and discussed my disappointment.
It was an annoyance for sure to not have my car back in time, but based on Firestone fixing my car for free the first time and the store manager taking his time to speak with me the second time, I believe that this shop really does care about their customers and wants to make sure that they keep coming back.
I did price shop around different mechanics and Firestone seemed to be average; low on some things and high on other things, but overall close to the prices of other shops.
Another great thing is that they are open seven days a week, and on most days till 9:00pm or so.
Many shops are closed Sundays and close by 5:00pm other days.
Based on customer service I would come back here in the future.

A-team customer service.
Stable, dependable crew.
I am very thankful for this location because I  have had very strong,  positive experiences here especially after many bad experiences elsewhere.
My experiences include: 4x new tires (get the lifetime warranty), alignment and balance (upgrade to the lifetime for the best value), New battery plus new alternator.
I  am very satisfied with the service I  have received.
It may take time (they have become popular for clear and obvious reasons) but I  know the work gets done correctly and they stand behind their results with a rock-solid warranty.
I  am comfortable recommending this crew at this location for a variety of reasons: A) I  know the work will be done correctly B) warranty is extremely valuable C) exemplary customer service .- explores price and value options automatically .- politeness and never rushed counts extra .- no bull, no hassle quotes D) Harvey Firestone: "I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business" banner hangs above the entrance to the garage...meaning this is a business that believes in defensible ethics (which is more than I  can say about other experiences I  have had with "Great Big Goofy Dealership")  I  have great respect for this businesses.
I  think you will too.

A+ service.
frankly, what come to expect, and why I've been using Firestone since 2006.
I was up in Vegas working on a contract  job, when stopped in for new tires.
Thomas and his team did a great job, they got me a good deal on4  tires, and also located and fixed an issue.
Good quality, service.
I always tell people I like firestone because unlike their competitors they're open late, and 7 days a week for those of us who work a normal 8-5 job and can't take 3 off hours for tires.
I highly recommend these guys, for their dedication to customer service, and customer loyalty.
I came away not only with what I needed and more, but an education of what was done, so I feel more at easy as I make the 5hr drive back to Arizona.

Drove into Las Vegas for the weekend and JUST as I parked my car the check engine light went on and my car started spluttering.
Fearing the worst (Namely being stranded in Las Vegas on a weekend when all mechanics were closed and with 300 miles between there and home) I found this Firestone open bright and early on Sunday morning.
Thomas Meyers and his crew were wonderful and efficient.
They got my car fixed and ready to hit the road in a record amount of time and I made it home that night after all!
They even gave me rides to and from my hotel so I could pack things up while they fixed my car.
No complaints--saved my bacon!

went in for a 30 dollar oil change and they told me I needed new shocks, struts and tires.
at the low, low price of 1600 dollars.
got a second opinion and found I did need new rear shocks.
but no struts or tires.
it's all about trust with me.
it's all about the upsell with these people.
will not visit this location again.

I have been getting my oil change at Firestone for 3 years.... And I called to see if this location would top off my oil because it's low...
This gentleman named mark answered the phone.
Worst customer service and he was just so rude about me coming in for 3 seconds for a top off.
He was saying he couldn't do it unless I was doing a repair on my oil leak that IM DEFINITELY AWARE OF.
Thanks jerk!
You lost my business!

More than anything else about this experience, I appreciate Thomas's help and honesty.
As a single woman in a bind, his experience and his candor were very helpful.
My car was towed to this location by Geico after I broke down up the street.
It is far from my apartment and inconvenient, but I thank God that this is where I ended up because I felt that they had my best interest at heart.
I took off one star simply because of the price, which I imagine is determined by the franchise, but was still hundreds of dollars higher than any other quote I received (I understand that Firestone's quote was for more total services, however they insisted on completing all of the extras, which put me outside of my budget).
All things considered, I will return here for simple work because I respect their work ethic and every single staff member that I interacted with was helpful, friendly and kind.

Fixed my flat for free without trying to sell me on anything....rare!
Thanks!

