I don't know where to begin.
The owner of KB Mobile, Kenny, is a repair-guru!
I discovered him years ago when I was still in graduate school and still driving my clunky 'ole Mercury Cougar.
That car had so many issues...and towards the end of its life, the issues were getting costly.
Not only that, but the dealership as well as the other shops I visited in town were not getting things quite right.
For example, I paid over $1,500 to have something in the engine fixed, and then a month later, the same problem surfaced again.
The dealership quoted me ANOTHER $1,500 to have the same issue in the engine fixed.
I refused to pay it, and I began my search for someone to get to the bottom of the problem.
I found Kenny through a friend and gave him a call.
He showed up at my doorstep with a huge smile on his face and an amazing, trustworthy energy.
Hey, I'm a clueless young female-- he could have told me, "Yea, the dealership is right, but I'll only charge you $900," and I would have gone with it.
But Kenny did not simply use the dealership's diagnosis.
He took the time to 1) accurately diagnose the problem on his own, 2) give me a step-by-step break down of what he was going to do to fix it, and 3) save me loads of money on the repairs.
I think I paid around $400.
I kept Kenny on as my trusted mechanic for the rest of my Cougar's life.
(I had that car 12 years until the transmission quit!!
) Now I have an Audi (hooray!
), which Kenny knows tons about-- and he has officially completed its first repair.
I won't go into details, but the bottom line is this--  *Kenny is 100% trustworthy *He is 100% brilliant when it comes to repairs on both budget and luxury vehicles *He is 100% professional  Really, I can't recommend this man enough.
Let me end with an analogy... let's pretend you are dying of some strange, unnamed disease (morbid, I know)-- and you visit the Mayo Clinic, and the local hospital, and the alternative holistic dude at the juice bar... but none of them is able to help cure your illness.
In fact, some of them even prescribe medicines and surgeries that you pay loads of money for, but that do nothing for you.
Just when you think you are dead for good, you find Dr. Kenny.
He shows up at your house, opens up his black bag, runs a few tests on you, and immediately knows exactly what your illness is and exactly how to fix it... and he does.
The end.

Just had my vehicle looked at by Kenny.
He and his associate were on time and most importantly he didn't try to sell me on a a repair that could wait.
I will most definitely be calling on Kenny when I am ready to invest in that repair.

Finding a reputable, honest, trustworthy auto mechanic is like finding a needle in a haystack, it's not easy and that alone was stressful, along with not knowing what the issues were.
After several Yelp finds later, I came across KB Mobile Auto Repair.
Only have 3 positive review was skeptical but I decided to give them a call.
I made an appointment for he next day and he was able to accommodate the time.
Kenny and John showed up at the house and within 15 minutes, he not only diagnosed the problem but gave me a quote.
A quote that was so unexpected, I jumped on it, it was a fraction of what a dealership or shop would have charged.
It took a total of about 1.5 hours to get everything from the supplies to repairing the issue to testing out the car to make sure the problem no longer existed.
What I appreciated about them was their professionalism, their candor, their 'cut to the chase' attitude.
They were not there to sell me any other repairs, or swindle me for more money; they were in, they were out, and they got the job done.
I was impressed how quickly they diagnosis the problem then come to learn that Kenny has been working on cars since he was 7!!
They will travel anywhere, perform work on all sorts of vehicles, and can do just about anything you need.
They were both very respectful and very polite, which is rare in this town.
They were genuine and very approachable, down to earth guys.
I highly recommend these guys to any one out there looking for an honest, professional, convenient, auto repair mechanic, these guys are absolutely legit.
I would definitely use them again and pass their names out to family and friends.
I had a wonderful experience.
Like I said, finding that one auto mechanic is like finding a needle in a haystack, but this one needle just got bigger in a much smaller haystack!!
Thanks Kenny and John!

I just have to tell everyone about the service I received, at very fair price!
I had just arrived home from a Family Reunion trip and had car trouble.
I went to a shop and they did a test and said it was a sensor and would be $385.00 and needed a tune-up also!
I knew I needed a tune-up and had that done, but did not have the sensor fixed!
I bought the sensor and installed it, as I was told that was my problem!
It was still running bad and I broke down and was towed home!
I called a mechanic, he said after I put the sensor in, it needed to have the codes reset.
He would be there within two hours and never showed up!
I then called Kenneth and told him all of what had been going on with the car and mechanics, he told me something altogether different and that it was my fuel pump!
Kenneth gave me a price over the phone and came out to check the car.
He did a test in less then five minutes and it was the fuel pump.
I made an appointment and he had it fixed and running in half an hour!
Later that day while driving around it started to run funny again and I called him and he told me that the replacement sensor may not match the original part, to put the original back in and let him know!
I put the original back and my car runs so well, I can not tell if it is on or off, seems better than when it was new!
As he told me, he is the best and I tell you HE IS!
Mike R.  Pontiac Montana SV6

