Team Beckers did such a wonderful job in helping us find our dream home, our 1st home as a married couple.
We did not make it easy for them as we had a lot of factors to take in to consideration but their persistence, patience, true honesty, experience & professionalism shined through and really got us that beautiful house we wanted in the right location for the best price.
You won't be disappointed at all with their services Mr & Mrs Morris

Lisa from Team Beckers is the kind of person that gets things done.
Period.
I recently recommend her to a friend and they worked tirelessly to help him find a second home in Las Vegas, NV.
It's obvious that her strong work ethic has helped them achieve a number of successes in their career.
Now if I could only find a way to deal with people like her on a consistent basis!

Team Beckers are hands down AMAZING.
They are great people.
My wife and I were finding our first home and thanks to the hard work and dedication of Team Beckers we were able to find just that.
I am definitely going to recommend them to everyone.
Many people stress about buying a new home, but if you have a good and knowledgable realtor such as the Beckers, the process will go by soooooo smooth.
Please, if looking to purchase, CONTACT TEAM BECKERS...you wont regret it!

Buying my home in this market was frustrating and very time consuming, but Lisa and Peter helped me every step of the way with a positive, 'don't give up' attitude.
After a year of either losing out to all cash investors that I just couldn't compete with or not finding anything I liked, Team Beckers was still there every week helping me search.
They never forgot the little details that I mentioned, months prior, about what I was looking for in a home/property.
Lisa was better at keeping track of my paperwork than I was!
I always got a response or an answer to a question within minutes, and they understood the urgency of the market very well.
In the end, Lisa and Peter helped me find the house I've been looking for all along.
This team is very professional, responsive, and on the ball!
Thanks for everything!

