Good, quick, honest, reasonably priced auto service.
Most recently I had my oil changed here.
It was $22.99, and I was in and out in under half an hour.
Good stuff.
They're friendly enough, and there's free coffee and bottled water while you wait.
It's also directly next to The Boulevard, so you can go do a little shoppy shoppy to pass the time if you feel so inclined.
I say go for it.
Oil changes are important.

Had a 10 am appointment here on Wed/2 Aug: - Orrin, the general manager, was professional and friendly.
- I went for the  a) $164.99 lifetime alignment service = $189.99 - $25 coupon (thru the Firestone.com website you can get this offer for $169.99 which is still a deal) b) $71.96 lifetime balance & rotation  - They were done in under 2 hours and informed me the results of my alignment pre and post fix, even giving me a print-out.
They also said they tested my car battery and recommended a replacement.
As they don't sell my size car battery (or any batteries at all?
) they weren't looking just to make an upsale.
Unfortunately this store didn't have tire nitrogen refill.
- The Firestone alignment/balance+rotation lifetime services are valid at any of their stores nationwide, so it'll really pay off for me in the long run.
Had a I bought my tires thru Costco, Costco would have provided lifetime balancing, rotation, flat repair and nitrogen refill (at Costco's with nitrogen; the Summerlin Costco has it).
-  Previously I had used Bob Scher's Goodyear for a one-time fix which came out to be: a) $69.95 alignment b) $51.80 tire balance & rotation - So I'm definitely glad my buddy mentioned that Firestone offered lifetime servicing at a fair price.

Hands down the most dedicated team I ever encountered.
Honest and hard working is an understatement for these guys.
I had a flat with my diesel truck tire and these guys worked into the late hours trying to repair it.
In the end they could not do the job because they were under equipped.
( note to management ...... Give these guys the tools they need !!!!!
)  Orlando recommended me to Purcell to finish the job.
I took it to Hector who completed the job and did not charge me because he felt empathy towards what we had gone through to get our tire fixed.
At Firestone Orlando and Richard gave me the best customer experience to date.
There were two other guys at Firestone who also helped but I didn't get their names.
May god bless these guys and prosper them   Ben......

Always very helpful and considerate.
When i called today about having them check my transmission, the guy referred me elsewhere since they don't deal much with transmissions.
I really appreciated his honesty.
They have always been fast with oil changes, and have never been rude.
(unlike the S. Rainbow location) I definitely recommend this location.

Jeff is awesome!
I was having car concerns and was unsure of the issue.
He offered to take a look at my engine and after finding nothing, suggested we take a drive to see if there were any symptoms.
With my car running okay, he provided me feedback and answers to all of my questions.
Not only was he knowledgable, but he was very honest as well!
It's so hard to find people who are honest and are actually willing to help you nowadays.
I did not end up going in for any services since my car seemed to be okay, but I definitely will be back for any car maintenance I may need in the future!

Great service.
Very accommodating and careful.
I would give it five stars but the only draw back is.
Cons:  1.
They don't use sockets with wheel lug protectors, so there is a chance to scratch up painted or wheels with tight lug nut space.
The price is higher.
I went in for just wheel balance and it was $76 for four wheels.
Other places are $48.
The price justification is life time wheel balance.
Is a great deal, but what if I don't need life time wheel balance?
Pros: 1.
Later hours open till 8PM 2.
Has plenty of techs working so the wait isn't bad 3. nice comfortable waiting area.
Next to shopping mall so you can step away to go shopping while waiting for your car.

Fantastic service!!!
Jeff was extremely patient and thorough explaining the service being performed.
Technician Orlando was outstanding and detailed as well.
They even let me watch the work next to the car.
Clean and professional.
I fully trust them as much as my previous authorized car dealer.
Great job guys!!!
Thank You.

I began using their services when I first moved to Las Vegas about eight months ago because they were close to work, and had financing available.
The service was decent.
One manager did a great job explaining everything in detail, though he did make a comment that if I posted an adverse review, they would remember it.
The prices are quite expensive when you consider the diagnostic fees, the higher markups for parts, and the increasing cost of labor.
It is really a place to go for convenience, especially with this unbearable heat in Vegas.
At least when I was living in California, we had better weather to work on a car outside, I knew one friend who knew how to fix cars, or I had an honest and experienced mechanic nearby that knew what was wrong based on descriptions given without having to charge for any diagnostic fees every single time.
In April, I went in for a diagnosis of a recent car problem where it stalled at a stoplight, only to leave with a $453.67 bill after all of the work was completed.
The problem was simply replacing a leaking coolant recovery container, one that is easily unscrewed and lifted out.
Within the next day, the car developed a new problem where the temperature sensor kept coming on.
The AC had also suddenly stopped working immediately right after I had received the car back from the shop.
I went back and saw their mechanic.
He could not figure out why the temperature light kept coming on.
As for the AC, he suggested it could be a slow leak.
I will say that he was quite attentive and caring about details.
I know that it is all purely speculation, but the AC actually worked fine the day I brought it in (blowing cold air), it suddenly did not work (blowing hot air) when I had received the car back...  Anyways, he had asked me to bring it back another day as it was getting late and they were closing, but since I have to work all the time, I could not afford to leave the car over there for another full day.
Their other manager, was very helpful and pleasant, until this issue had come up, granted they have been busy lately and backed up with plenty of customers, he had this look, the type you give a customer when you think they're creating trouble, either that or he knew something else.
All I can say is, after spending over $1400 total in three separate repair dates (approximately $700, $250, $450) at the same shop for less than a one year period (under 8 months), please have some respect than to give me a dreaded look.
I since started a new job this month in North Las Vegas and could not afford to have a car giving me trouble, especially with this Vegas summer heat coming up, plus the car stalled again, so I traded it in for a new car.
The old car was only worth $450 trade in.
In my opinion, with the ease of a Firestone credit card, it is easy to up-sell pricey services on 6 months interest free, but the customer suffers with the bill.

