Went here with my friends to test out the new taster menu before the official launch of Three Birds.
(Half-off, woo!
)  First impressions: Similar layout to the previous restaurant Le Mouton Noir, but a bit lightened up.
Great intimate and cosy vibes with approximately 9 tables.
Also worth mentioning that the staff are all delightful and really knowledgable to the new menu.
You would have thought they had been working there for a while.
The menu looked delectable, and as a result we took some time in deciding.
Our waitress was very attentive and enjoyed answering our questions with enthusiasm.
There was a great mix on the menu.
There is a decent selection of bites/sides along with starters and mains (about 4 or so) with a few specials on the boards.
We went for:   - Pigs ears with salt and aioli (see photo) - Large Vegetarian Mezze platter with goodies such as curried lentils, kimchi, oatcakes and hummus, pickled egg with beetroot, some sort of beetroot coleslaw, amazing spicy sweet potato cakes, and Asian cucumber.
All displayed on a wooden board to share.
(see photo)  - The special of oxcheeks with a star anise jus.
This was a bit small.
The portion was lacking for the price.
Mains we got:  - Eggs ontop of tomato sauce with pine nuts, goats cheese, and flat bread.
This was delicious, really enjoyed it as an interesting lunch.
Nice and hot and presented in a frying pan (see photo)  - Chicken thigh with rocket and tomato slices.
It was expected that we pita chips in the salad were to be crispy, however they arrived a bit soggy.
There was also an absence of balsamic on the salad, when the menu clearly stated the dressing was to contain my friend's favourite vinegar.
Though, the waitress promptly brought over a small carafe with balsamic to drizzle atop the chicken salad when asked.
Was a struggle to cut the chicken into smaller pieces because the bowl was quite small, however the flavours were an appealing balance of lemon with sweetness of the tomatos.
- Smoked mackerel on a baguette.
Looked delightful however could have used an extra piece of bread.
A bit small for a main.
Overall I'll be back.
This was week 1 and it was delightful.
I can't wait to see how they progress with their menu and frequent this local when I can!
p.s they have Wi-Fi!

Great service, great food, cosy atmosphere.
From the moment we walked in we felt welcome, at ease and we were definitely well fed.
My hoarse throat was noticed and some prosecco was offered, which was a nice touch.
After a vegetarian mezze platter, we then had a lovely red wine with our "Big Cow" (essentially a giant board with a big 600g steak, bag of fries and some small sides).
Dessert was a gorgeous brioche and butter pudding, and my partner had a dessert as well, but I can't remember what it was - he definitely enjoyed it however.
Perfectly cosy for our anniversary, and while more than we would normally spend on dinner out (we've had a low income for a while), it was a special occasion and well worth it.
We'll go back for sure.

Hhhhh

Great food for even better value.
Fun and great presentation of great simple food.
Friendly people and cozy place - highly recommendable.

Carrots cooked in coffee, pickled egg, the smokiest of baba ganoush, home made falafel, salsa, beetroot, bread, and fries in a little brown paper bag.
This was the main contents of my delightful, delicious meal at Three Birds.
Claire and I both opted for a starter and side rather than a main.
So I went for three sides: the sesame-seed chicken strips, the vegetarian mezza platter, and fries to share.
Considering that the chicken strips were only £4 I thought it would be a very small portion.
I was wrong!
This, alongside the vegetarian mezze and fries more than filled me.
This and the fries alone would do me for lunch.
The vegetarian mezze was beautifully presented, and had the aforementioned curious and curiouser options.
Claire described it as "the David Lynch of mezze platters" (we had just been talking about The Returned, and David Lynch style shows).
I really, really enjoyed it - a curious journey through strong, dazzling flavours.
Each small item on the mezze board had it's own distinct flavour, no wishy-washy so-so things here.
The sesame chicken was indeed coated in sesame seeds, delightfully crispy and yum.
The fact that the fries came in a brown paper bag made my day.
I'm already planning a meal back here, hopefully to get the sharing platter as a main.
A whole stack of pork ribs to share, with fries and sides?
Yes please.
I think I've found one of my new favourite local restaurants.

Oh my oh my!!!
Did I not like this!!!!!!
Yum!
Came here for a friends birthday with a very food savvy crowd of people, mainly waiters and waitresses from some of Edinburghs best eateries and I think I can say we all left very impressed with what we found.
Before starters we also had a plate of the Crispy Pig Ears, yep thats no typo...pigs ear.
And im happy to report they were delicious served with a nice aioli and sea salt.
For starter I opted for the pigeon breast on a bed of peas and pine nuts.
Simple cooking and really delicious.
The pigeon was pink, juicy and so tender.
Winter might be coming but at least that means game birds are back on the menu yuuuum!!.
For main out of a table of 14, 11 of us went for the same thing!!!
The steak special cooked in a bone marrow butter.
OH LORD.......
I had mine rare and as well as being perfectly cooked the flavour was incredible.
The marrow flavour was there to be enjoyed.
Superb.
Deserb, a mango sponge with vanilla icecream.
i also tried the blue cheese icrecream and the cheese board with my dining chums!
All lovely!!!
The service, the wine, the evening.....lovely place.....lovely food!
Cant wait to go back!

I came here with Jenny L for a catch up dinner and to try out this tucked-away restaurant up Bruntsfield way.
I went for a bowl of soup for starters, the veggie mezze platter for mains with a side of chips.
I was too stuffed for pudding!
The food here is home-made, fresh and unusual.
My soup was very tasty - barley broth if I remember correctly - and was meant to come with kidney something or other (except it didn't as the kitchen was out).
So an odd and interesting combo.
And very nice too!
The mezze platter was weirdness personified, but not in a bad way.
I've never seen a mezze plate like it (see pics!).
There were some very, very strong flavours and everything struck me as just a bit out of left field.
The baba ganoush was extremely smoky, there were pickled carrots that tasted like coffee and hard-boiled eggs that had something extra added.
It was an odd plate of food.
Just a bit weird....
I kept calling my plate the David Lynch of dinners, haha.
And it was!
I would definitely come back here to try more of the menu and find out what oddities and delights await my palate...

A-may-zing!
The boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere to have lunch to celebrate us having put up with each other for five whole years, and Three Birds immediately sprung to mind.
It's in an area of town that we haven't visited recently, but used to frequent in the earlier years of our relationship (alas, moving to Leith two years ago has meant we've neglected Tollcross and Bruntsfield recently) so it offered both the chance for a big old nostalgia trip and for some delicious food.
And it was a good choice!
Lunchtime on a Monday meant that the restaurant was quiet, we were only joined by a table of ladies who lunch and one tourist, but that was a good thing as food and drinks were served promptly (and with a smile).
I'd already ear-marked (ho ho ho) the Crispy Pigs' Ears with aioli and sea salt, having seen them on their menu online, and was excited to try them given they're not something you typically see on menus.
They were really nice, crispy and flavoursome, with the aioli and salt being perfect accompaniments.
Sure, the thicker pieces were a bit chewy but you are eating ear so what do you expect?
We opted for the two-course lunch for £9.95, starter and mains, with boyfriend going for the bbq pork belly and myself for the lamb kofta for starters.
Mmmmmmm!
Both were the right side of spicy and full of flavour, I could easily have eaten a bigger serving.
And I loved the two toasted pittas my kofta was served with, perfect for scooping up any remaining chickpea and tomato sauce.
As for mains, well neither of us could see beyond the beef cheeks in porter, with roast potatoes and shallots.
Absolutely delicious, easily the nicest thing either of us have eaten in a long time.
The cheeks were beyond tender, melt-in-the-mouth, and to die for.
I also ordered a salad to keep things healthy, which came attractively decorate with petals!
We didn't have pudding, as we had a film to catch, but we will definitely be back to sample more of their delicious wares.
Especially given how good value everything is, two courses for less than a tenner is fab!
And our 500ml carafe of white wine was nicely priced at £8.
So, go go go to Three Birds!
You won't regret it.

Ribs!
A whole plate of ribs, just for me.
Well, also for my partner as it was a sharing dish.
But when they brought out the  big wooden board piled high with pork, beef and lamb ribs, my wee heart was singing.
In my previous review, and previous visit here, I had a wonderful array of veggie mezze with the likes of carrots soaked in coffee, home made baba ganoush, and boiled eggs pickled in...something delicious.
And so, after that mid-week girl-date dinner, I knew I had to come back soon for a Saturday night boy-date.
The restaurant is quite small, and our table was very close to two others.
This doesn't bother me at all, as I like a buzzing, hub bub of chatter and chowing; but the waitress did occasionally have to brush against our table in order to reach one behind us at the window.
The menu has about 8 starter options, 5 main options and 3 'sharing platter' main options, including the ribs we had, a beef steak and something veggie too.
There's also lots of side dishes, including the veggie mezze, which I had and which was delicious.
My fish goujons I had to start were great, but the ribs stole the show.
Each type of rib (beef, pork, lamb) were marinaded in a different sauce and tasted entirely different.
I've never had lamb ribs before, and they tasted so good I knew they must be so bad for me.
Lamb, tasty tasty fatty lamb, mmm.
Despite being full, as the mains had been so delicious, we ordered two desserts.
Ice cream sundae with rhubarb compote, and a gluten free vanilla sponge with sloe gin.
Both were great, really filling and generous portions.
It's a great place for a date, for a family meal, for a midi-week girl date, for a birthday dinner with friends, and for lunch I imagine.
It's homely but stylish.
It's great for anyone who likes delicious food.
We had to book 5 days before to get a table on Saturday night, which we only had for 1.5 hours.
A hidden neighbourhood gem, but evidently a very popular one to the Bruntsfield area!

This place is fabulous!
I came here for date night with my beau and I cannot stop thinking about this place since!
It's quite small and intimate with beautiful art work and lighting.
The staff were polite and good natured.
They also had great recommendations on food or wine selections.
It is a bit pricey, so if you're looking for cheap this might not be the place.
If you're looking for a sit-down meal with quality ingredients, great staff, and good atmosphere, this is your spot.
We started off with crispy pig ears.
AMAZING.
It was exactly how I expected and perfect with a touch of sea salt.
My beau had never experienced the texture and flavour before but he loved it.
Then we moved on to our appetisers.
I had the seared pigeon breast with picked pear.
The pigeon breast was cooked so slightly and delicious, we really enjoyed the slightly earthly but light taste.
My beau enjoyed the fig and goat cheese wrap sitting very deliciously on top of a beetroot yogurt.
We both love fig and the goat cheese thus the combination was mind blowing.
For our mains, we had the grilled seam bream and the special, grilled seatrout over a bed of couscous.
Both dishes were cooked to perfection and filled with flavour.
For dessert, we loved the Rocky road ice cream sundae.
It was a bit unexpected and a little difficult for me to share but alas, we loved it.
We loved the wines as well.
For starters we had the col di sotto pinot grigio and finished with the Francesca Bay Pinot noir.
Both excellent with our meals.
Again, highly recommend this restaurant and I am already demanding that we go back!

Whenever I give a place five stars, I usually hum and haw for a good while beforehand, doubting myself.
When it came to writing this review for Three Birds, I had no hesitation in clicking that 5 "Woohoo!
As good as it gets!
" stars.
I came here on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch, it was fairly busy as it very often seems to be.
We were met by our very friendly and engaging hostess and took a table window.
It's a fairly small place, intimate, light and bright thanks to the large glass windows.
The menu is brilliantly varied.
Offering some unusual, maybe even eccentric, combinations but after eating there would have no trepidation ordering anything on the menu.
It seems to change very frequently; I assume based on season and availability.
They have a great range of soft drinks; hot and cold.
Lots of local beers and a nice selection of wine.
Initially, after eating well at breakfast, I intended to order light.
I had a chargrilled prawn salad.
The prawns were served whole (sucking out the head juice is one of the best bits!
) with a lovely dressing.
It was perfectly cooked, crisp and refreshing.
However, I underestimated my appetite.
Having spied the seafood sharing platter contained a pot of spoots, I asked if I could have them on their own.
Our hostess said she would ask and moments later the chef came to our table and told me he didn't have many left but that he would happily create something for me with what he had.
After establishing I love seafood and that I was quite a fussy diner, he went back to the kitchen.
Shortly after he brought me the spoots, along with delicious hunks of monkfish, asparagus, green bean and pea salad.
All served with, what I kid you not, was one of the best sauces I have tasted.
After finishing I even asked for a spoon, not wanting to waste a drop.
Monkfish and spoots are easy to overcook and turn horribly rubbery.
Not here.
They were juicy, meaty and just spectacular, it was   As I think I have already expressed, service is top notch.
Friendly, relaxed and eager to please, the staff are delightful.
After asking for the bill, lunch got even better.
£9.50 for a two course lunch of this quality!
Quite incredible for Edinburgh.
It's worth phoning ahead as they are often very busy and I have lost out before without having a reservation at peak times.
And doing what they're doing I can't see them having any trouble getting bums on seats any time soon!

