Got a basic four piece.
Cole slaw is banging, fries are crinkle cut, comes with a kind of rémoulade sauce, or a spicy ranch, that is really good.
Chicken had been sitting in a steambox for a while, I was just about to get grumpy, when dude came over and asked if everything was okay..you know me..lol.
I told him everything was great but the chicken, he ran back, and brought me 4 fresh pieces that were juicy but not rubbery.
Place has a disco ball, and a bose sound system, playing all the crappy house covers you can imagine, I figure they support gay marriage..lmao

This is a second time to this new location...
Guess what????
It's still great...
The family hit the store about 11:00 this morning and we had the place to ourself... Don't know if its because of the long weekend or the ASU students haven't found it yet... Food was hot & good, service was great, place was clean and neat...  ASU, students your missing out on this place... old Devil...

Good place, good service.
The food's good too, but you better like chicken fingers.
Much in the style of In-N-Out burger, this place goes with a very minimalist menu - chicken fingers and fries.
The food was good but not having any choices bores me...

I can best describe the chicken as "KFC done right.
" The batter is tasty but not too greasy.
The employees have outstanding customer service and regularly ask how everything is.
Furthermore the atmosphere is inviting and creates a since of positivity.
For a fast-food joint, I really don't see a reason to "raise Cain.
" This fine place deserves your hunger.

If you're in the mood for chicken tenders and fries, this is the place for you!!
If not....don't come here because the menu options are limited.
Went here at around 12am Thursday night and were immediately greeted by a super friendly cashier.
He was really great.
It was our first time here so he explained the menu and what not.
Ordered the "3 FINGER" (3 chicken tenders, crinkle cut fries, Texas toast, regular size drink, side of cane sauce).
The food was delivered to our table promptly.
The chicken was SUPER hot, I couldn't eat for 10 minutes.
Fries were good but the portions were really small :/ I really didn't even want the Texas toast at first thinking eww a big piece of bread?
But it's actually REALLLY good!!!
The meal came with a side of their secret sauce which was pretty tasty.
The customer service was great, an employee checked up on us to see if we needed anything and offered to throw out our trash.
The place was very clean and seemed well kept.
I will come back again if I ever need a fix for fried chicken deliciousness

If you want some of the best chicken tenders ever, come here!
Been here a few times and have gotten the tenders, fries, texas toast and lemonade.
The tenders are to die for!
Nicely breaded but not so breaded that it overpowers the chicken.
Tastes like real chicken, not any processed crap.
Nice and hot, great taste.
And the dipping sauce they give you is amazing!
That stuff is addicting.
The crinkle cut fries are nothing special but very solid.
Not bad by any means but just  nothing to write home about.
The texas toast doesn't look like anything special but its actually very good.
I'd recommend laying a tender on the toast and having an open-faced sandwich.
They say the lemonade is fresh squeezed, I didn't really believe it but I love a good lemonade so I ordered it even though it was an extra $.30.
OH MY GOD BEST 30 CENTS I HAVE EVER SPENT!
They are not lying when they say it is fresh squeezed.
Easily some of the best lemonade I have ever had.
The pricing is pretty decent for what you are getting.
Their 6 tender meal with 3 sides (fries, toast and cole slaw are advertised but you can substitute any of them for extra of something else.
I get either extra fries or toast in place of slaw), 2 sauces and a large drink is going to come out to around 8 or 9 bucks.
Could be a little cheaper for the amount you are getting but the quality of the food justifies it.
My only real complaint is that they need to give out more sauce!
If the worst thing about this place is they need to give out more of their fantastic sauce, I'd say it's a place worth trying.
Highly recommend!

Raising Cane's is definitely a nice place to eat at.
Good atmosphere and the chicken is nice and crispy.
The texas toast is also very good.
Eat here and thank me later!

Tried this place today and it was good.
I had strips and fries.
The dippng sauce was pretty good also.
I will eat here again.

I know people who rave WILDLY about Raising Cane's, but I just think it's okay.
I've eaten their twice, once drive-thru another I ordered inside.
The service is quick and friendly and the restaurant is always clean.
If you want something flavorful, I would suggest going somewhere else.
But if you have a chicken tenders craving, you probably can't go wrong here.

Great chicken tenders.
Juicy and tender staff Are really nice  Reasonable prices.
This is a keep coming back place :  )

Amazing!!!
Watch out chick fil a!!

Meh.
The food was just ok.
I guess I expected a bit more flavor from the tenders and maybe a variety of different dipping sauces to choose from for my tenders.
Cane's own sauce was ok.  My kids did not care for it.
The Texas toast and fries were good.

Delicious, juicy and tasty chicken.
Very simple menu but they do it well.
It's like the In-N-Out of fried chicken.
The texas toast is awesome and that sauce, whatever it is.
nommmmm.
Would go back a whole bunch if I wanted to be the fattest person on earth.

Great amount, great tenders, great price.
Open late.
Love it!

I was headed over to Sleepy Dog, to get one of the wonderful Pizza's from the food truck provider, Pizza Deux, but they had closed up shop so heading back home i saw this place and decided to  give it a try.
Well, I have to tell you, their chicken tenders are amazing!
Tender and juicy and just wow, and so well complimented by the Cane Sauce, which is sort of like a peppery thousand island.
As for the Texas Toast, okay but seems odd, maybe it is from a different food culture of which I am not familiar.
The  fries, nothing special though the coleslaw is light and just slightly sweet and a good counterpoint to the chicken tenders.
I'm not a big fan of fast food but this has an unexpected authentic feel and quality that runs rings around the chicken tenders at places like Popeye's.
Looking at some other reviews it seems the reason for the quality of the chicken is that it is never frozen, good to know, see what you can learn from your fellow yelpers?
Bottom line, different from your average fast food chicken place and worth a visit.
:-)

Love the Simplicity of the menu (Chicken Tenders, fries, coleslaw and sliced bread) and quality of food!!!
Best Chicken Tenders I've ever tasted and the Cane's Sauce is amazing!!!
2 Thumbs up

This is absolutely the best fast food chicken I have had.
The service is great and quick.
I have been there 4 times in the past month and every time the service is great and the food is fresh.

The chicken tenders at Cane's is amazing.
Gone many times with friends just to hang out and eat some really good chicken.
Environment here is really coo after the Devils win a mens basketball game.
The staff are also really relaxing and helpful.

This past Friday I decided to try Cane's on my break because coworkers have said how good this place was.
Well let me just say, fighting all the traffic near ASU, while the Tempe Arts Festival was taking place and University shrinking down to one lane was well worth it!
Plus even after my 15 minute drive back to work my food was still hot.
I got the 3 Chicken Finger combo which came with fries, Texas toast, Cane sauce and a drink.
It was probably the best chicken fingers I've ever had!
The chicken fingers are made with 100% never frozen chicken tenderloins which is marinated for 24 hours so they come out extremely moist.
They're perfectly seasoned and breaded, not too much and not too little.
The cane sauce is so yummy.
It tastes like it has ketchup, mayo, worcestershire, seasonings but I'm not sure what else is in it, however its excellent, you have to try it!
The Texas toast had a crisp outer crust but is soft inside.
It was buttered and wonderful.
The fries were pretty good basic fries; salted and crinkle cut.
I highly recommended trying Raising Cane's if you've never been!

The chicken and bread-delectable.
The sauce- good, and the fries-meh.
Good price and good customer service.
Would go back next time I'm in the area.

Originally tried this in Las Vegas... and these are about as good as chicken fingers get and the Texas toast is heavenly.
I am NOT sold on their fries or coleslaw.
I would like more dipping sauces to choose from too.

Its pretty good juicy fried fattening chicken and their frys are good too.
I even like their sauce but I know there is sugar in it and it will make my ass fat.
Just two chicken fingers with one sauce is very filling.
If you are really hungry 3 is more than enough.
Worth trying.
My only reservations is that I know these chickens are given added hormones, fried, and too much sugar used but tastes great.
If they got healthy with it I would give them more stars.

I can never make up my mind so it's nice that they only have a few god options.
Good place to eat when you are really hungry, as these meals will fill you UP!
I also heard a rumor that it's not low fat.
I'm not sure I believe it, though.
I like that they advertise the #hashtag in the drive thru so you can upload your pics to social media!

I enjoyed this establishment.
The staff was friendly and the food came out fresh and quick.
I like the food here better than "Rock-n-Roll Fingers" here in Tempe.
The chicken fingers, fries, and garlic bread tasted really good.
Also, this place even has a drive-thru which is nice.

It's a chain, so if you've been to one all you need to know this is one is particularly clean and has great hours, but service can be slow when crowded.
If you are new to cane's the simple question to answer is can you eat chicken?
No?
Sorry, you're unlucky.
Yes?
Run, don't walk your way here!
Chick-Fil-A can keep the chicken sandwich, these guys invented the chicken finger!
Just get three things: chicken fingers, sweet tea, and sauce.
The fries are ok, so is the toast, but really everything here is just filler.
The sauce should be tested it's that addicting it's a little warm but not spicy and the sweet tea might be liquid sugar, but no part of your tongue will care.
The chicken itself is juicy and will not last.
Within minutes you will have a "i ate the bones" moment.
Faults?
Price.
After tax I spend around nine dollars which is a different tax bracket compared to most fast food, but it's a great occasional guilty pleasure.

Cane's sauce - need I say more!!

Looks like everyone is dumping loads of hot goo into their pants and onto each others faces again about a place that is mediocre at best, and a disappointment in general.
One of my staple items at any restaurant is chicken fingers.
They are easy to eat, they are fucking delicious, it's hard to fuck them up, they have a load of protein, and they are a vessel to get sauce in and around your gag reflex.
Which leads me to the problem with this dump: THEY HAVE ONE SHIT SAUCE.
The sauce is not spicy, it's not ranchy, it's nothing you want in your mouth.
It might just be some salad dressing.
The texas toast, again has no real taste.
Chicken = ALSO Bland.
I've had bowling alley chicken fingers that are better than this.
Who the fuck has crinkle cut fries Cane WHO.
Crinkle cut fries?
FUCK OUT MY FACE.
I'm never going here again.
Go literally anywhere else and you'll get better chicken.
I resorted to using leftover McNugget Buffalo sauce that I thankfully had in my fridge, or I would have had a rough night.
I did eat all of it, dissapointed, but hey I had to eat.
So 2 stars for being better than something I would throw away immediately.
GOOD JOB.

The chicken is very moist, however the flavor is just so-so.
I probably won't go back.

they only have one menu item- chicken fingers- so they better be good right?
they are!
on occasion, one might be on the small side but they are always juicy & delicious.
Today I bought two strips brought them home and added to chopped romaine with some fresh diced tomatoes.
Made a delicious salad when tossed with a side of cane's sauce.

People are nice, food is AMAZING!
There is no reason not to love this place!
I get the box combo, minus the coleslaw and an extra canes sauce!
HIghly recommend and if u are skeptical about coming, do it!

Went to this place this afternoon, not knowing any thing about it.
It had people inside and cars in the parking lot so I decited to check it out.
Simple menu made deciding what to eat easy.
The service was quick and the food was brought to my table.
The chicken fingers were good, however I think the fries left some thing to be desired.
Over all, not bad.
I'll be back.

Best fast food restaurant I've ever had.
The sauce is phenomenal and the chicken fingers are great as well.
There menu is simple and you will not be disappointed!

There is no reason not to love this place.
The prices are inexpensive and they are opened past midnight.
Li love the bread and the sauce!

I've been here a couple of times   The service is good the staff very friendly.
But their food is mediocre at best.
I really don't understand why everyone LOVES this place.
I would much rather go somewhere else to satisfy my chicken strip craving.

One of my favorite fast food places.
Cane's started in Louisiana and they were everywhere in New Orleans.
It is nice to see more popping up in the valley.
They only focus on chicken and they know how to do chicken right.
Sweet Tea is great!
My personal favorite is the #1 no coleslaw extra toast, but you cant go wrong with anything on the menu.
It is a little more expensive than some of the other fast food places, but the quality of food is worth it.

Had an issue, and the management immediately solved it.
No eye rolling, just respect for food and great service.
Awesome.
At this point they could spit on the food, and I would be happy.

Been going to Cane's since I lived in Vegas.
This place always delivers a solid meal at a reasonable price.
It is like the perfect marriage of flavors in each bite with the slaw, bread and fingers.
The chicken is even better back at the house heated to a crunchy level and dusted with your choice of spices.
Of course, you also always need to buy an extra Cane's sauce, so your not skimping on your dipping.
Great sweet tea too!

Decide to try this place and was a bit disappointed that  I waste my time and money on it.
I thought it was going to be some spectacular food when it taste no different then chicken strips you would get at Sonic, McDonalds, etc.
Its way OVERPRICED.
I wasnt happy that there was only one dipping sauce flavor.
It was gross.
We also ordered the sandwhich and wasnt too happy it had that sauce spread all over it.
I asked for larger Lemonade and was given a small size.
The coleslaw tasted funny so want fond of that.
Only thing I ate was the texas toast and that was pretty weak too.

Definitely wasnt impressed with this place.
The drive thru was very fast and efficient but the food was all luke-warm and a bit soggy.
The sauce was lacking interesting flavor.

Like it!
Simple menu and fast service are a good start.
Meals all seem to be a pretty good value for what you receive.
The fingers were fresh & tasty, fries & slaw also very good.
Didn't have that "I ate a greasy fried lunch" feeling an hour later, like some fried stuff will do to you.. that's a huge plus.
Not quite to the high standard of the now-defunct Rock & Roll Fingers, but close.
A solid 4 stars, and will definitely be back.

Like a previous reviewer mentioned, Chicken fingers are a staple item.
When you order them at a restaurant, you know what to expect.
It's always at least a solid meal, and sometimes it's a truly great one.
So it's kind of amazing to me that a place that sells ONLY that can screw it up so bad.
The chicken fingers have soggy, weak breading that is devoid of any satisfying crunch that you can usually find on chicken fingers.
The actual taste of the fingers themselves is slightly "off", almost like the chicken is toeing the line of going bad.
The sauce (which, if you don't order a meal, you have to pay extra for) is some weird amalgamation of other sauces that work as chicken finger dips that ends up being off-putting and weirdly spice-flavored (you're better off with ketchup here, as lame as that is).
The texas toast, despite looking like it's a step-up from something standard, tastes like ordinary toasted bread.
In its defense, it's the least offensive thing here.
And lastly the french fries, something that many would compare to pizza in that, even when they're bad, they're still pretty good, are genuinely pretty bad, and some of the worst fast-food fries I've ever eaten.
They look like freezer-section Ore-Ida fries, they taste like Ore-Ida fries, and I would be pretty damn shocked if I found out that they weren't actually just Ore-Ida fries.
Eating here was an awful experience, but under some circumstances, it could be salvaged.
I've had meals this bad before, at restaurants where you had other options, and later grown to love some of the alternative choices.
I've had meals this bad before, at restaurants where the food was cheaper, and enjoyed the fact that I could grab a bite on a budget.
But I've never had a meal this bad, at a restaurant that ONLY sells the one item, for such an un-appealing price.
I can't think of a single good thing to say about this place, and can't imagine any reason why I would ever want to return here.

Raising Canes is hands down the best chicken strips joint in all of the land.
I'm a Californian and unfortunately we don't have any of these anywhere in sight.
I usually get my fix whenever I hit Vegas.
I was in Phoenix for the day and totally remembered that they have Canes in the area.
Their chicken strips are amazing along with the Canes sauce that comes with it.
I always go with the Caniac Combo even though it's a lot to eat.
The Texas Toast is amazing as well.
It compliments the food very well.
I give this place a 5 easily, especially since their restaurant area is open until midnight.
The other locations nearby are only opened until 11, with this one being open an extra hour.
It definitely helped since I visited about 11:40 in the evening.
Definitely hit this place up.
The staff is pretty nice as well.
Great overall experience.
I can't wait to come back!

Where do I even begin!
being in broke college student this is one of the best fast food places I've ever had the fried chicken is great the Texas toast is amazing french fries are good cold slaw is also very excellent.
But when it comes down to it nothing beats the cane sauce!

Tried Raising Cane's for the first time.
It wasn't bad.
It was flavorful but for the price it won't be my go to chicken place.
I prefer the other popular fried chicken place (from Louisiana).
I ordered the Caniac Combo with the 6 tenders.
The chicken is good.
The sauce is great.
It's just that 2 meals costs $18?
To me that is a little steep for fast food chicken.
The coleslaw was my least favorite.
The TexasTtoast was a nice compliment to the meal.
If I was with a group and they wanted Raising Cane's I would go back.

I like this location and love the food.
Only down side is it can get pricey and also being near the Arizona State University campus, it can get packed.
I do like that they have a Cane's Club card you can get by going on their website and filling out information.
For doing so, you receive a free Chicken Box meal complete with drink, so that's incentive to go back for more and future visits.
I will be back for more visits in the future I'm sure, especially since I have a Cane's Card.

Holy crap this place is spectacular!
Customer service is their number one priority and the people who take your order even make me laugh on the regular.
Their other number one priority is quality chicken.
Thats's right, they have two number one priorities.
They are multitasking their excellence!
Also they will substitute stuff like if I don't want coleslaw i can just have more fries or another AMAZING dipping sauce.
Oh man I just remembered the sauce.
I gotta go guys, i need to go eat some raising cane's.
You should too, but lemme get my order in first.

This place is pretty cool!
I like the actual restaurant.
The decor is awesome and I like their disco ball!
Good music for college students and perfect location for ASU students!
The food is delicious but would def not eat it regularly.
Super greasy (would be great after a night on Mill tho).
The chicken fingers were fresh and all white meat.
Super crispy!
And the sauce goes well with it.
There is a copious amount of fries that went with the meal.
Btw I ordered the Caniac.
6 chicken fingers, texas toast (which was bomb but also greasy) , cole slaw, and a pile of fries.
And a large drink.
when I say greasy though...its not swimming in oil.
Just the right amount of grease i think.
It could get salty but the coleslaw cuts the saltiness.
Perfect balance.
Would definitely comeback!
I wanna try their sandwiches!
The combo meal I got came out to 8.98... Kinda pricey but it fed me and my sister pretty well.
3.5 stars!!!!

If you are a chicken finger fanatic like I am, this place is heaven!
Great price for the value!
You have to try these chicken fingers with their famous Cane's sauce!

Everyone always raves about Raising Cane's, so naturally I had to go and give it a try.
I'm generally very health conscious and not a fan of fried food and wouldn't go out of my way to eat it either.
But we were close by and I really wanted to know what the deal was with this place.
The inside looks very nice.
It is clean and has an appealing decor.
The menu looked very simple, we ordered two of The Box, which comes with (I think) 4 fried chicken strips, cole slaw, fries, a buttery toast, and a special sauce.
The chicken was good, the meat inside actually looked and tasted like chicken.
The sauce had interesting flavors.
I really liked the cole slaw though, and the toast...
I think totally unnecessary and just adds more carbs to the meal.
They should offer some healthier options to that, maybe some apple slices or a side salad?
The overall experience was very pleasant.
As I said, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go and eat there but I would definitely let friends peer pressure me in going :)

No ranch!?
That's like a deal breaker.
The "special sauce" was ok.
I mean everyone has a "special sauce"....let's think of something more creative.
Nonetheless...good was fresh and fast.
Fries were a little soggy.
No strong distinct flavors.
Tasted like your average chicken fingers and fries.

This place reminds me of east coast dining.
Foods  here is very decent.
I like their deluxe combo.
It gives enough portion to be full.
This is family friendly restaurant.
Because of the location, you will see many College students.
If you don't like that atmosphere and prefer the quiet atmosphere I would reckoned different location.
One in Gilbert, which opened recently is great for the family.

First had Raising Canes in Vegas last year.
I was very happy to find one on this trip to AZ.
The sweet tea was excellent.
Chicken strips were crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.
Bread was great.
Fries were just ok, but you are here for the chicken strips anyways.
This experience matched my expectations.

I got the Caniac combo and it's was really good.
Love the house sauce the have.
Good portions and it's not pricy.
Only thing I can complain about is being charged extra for lemonade and it wasn't even that great to begin with.
Overall great food for the price.
Definitely would recommend to my friends and family.

I've eaten at the ORIGINAL Raising Cane's on the campus at LSU-Baton Rouge.
Granted, it was 15 years ago when I was still a student.
I've also eaten at the one in my hometown of Covington, LA.
But today was my first day eating at a Canes outside of Louisiana, and all I can say is that it was A LIL' TASTE OF HOME!
I relished the Cane's chicken, perfect fry batter, Cane's sauce, slaw, and Barq's rootbeer.
BTW, Barq's originated in Biloxi, MS, which is on the Gulf Coast.
The Texas toast is perfect, but I've never cared for their crinkle fries.
They're pretty cheap.
They taste like the Walmart "True Value" brand of crinkle fries.
No joke.
Other than that, I highly recommend Cane's.
If you only eat three things, eat this: Barq's Rootbeer, slaw, and a lot of chicken with Cane's sauce.
Southern people know how to eat!

This place is delish!
my co-workers and I come her often.
I do wish the canes sauce didn't cost extra.
The little container they give you for 4 chicken strips just isn't enough

Sometimes the size of the chicken strips is a bit suspect in the box meals.
If you want the most bang for your buck order the sandwich with an extra side of Texas toast.

They fry their chicken in a peanut oil making it taste great.
It's pretty unhealthy, as everything is fried, buttered, or has mayo.
The staff is very friendly and the place is clean which is hard to find now a days in tempe.

Location: Close to campus, easy to reach from both sides of road  Inside: Kept up by college students so was messier than the other Raising Canes in the city, bathroom was messy when we went  Time are: 5pm on a Friday  Food: Food is delicious as always.
Canes sauce is always the best.
Recommended based on food but might want to eat at other location if you want a cleaner restaurant.
Great college good though.

I honestly do not see what the hype is about... Their chicken fingers are good...
BUt amazing... Their sauce is okay... Nothin special to me...
I may stop by again if I have a craving for chicken fingers..
But I will not go out of my way to drive here

Best fast food style chicken.
They use the best ingredients and there chicken is high quality and cooked perfectly so it melts in your mouth.
And amazing sauce.

Keeping this sweet and simple, this place is GREAT!
Best chicken fingers around :)

This place does a fine job at cooking chicken tenders and fries.
They even got the Texas toast down to a perfection.
Came in here while trolling around Tempe and decided to give them a shout out.
Located very close to ASU and should be a popular spot when you need to catch some bird.
Ordered the biggest thing on the menu called the Caniac Combo.
Stopped drinking the dreaded soda pop and went with some dihydrogen monoxide.
It is a lot better for you and the price of the combo goes down quite a bit.
The menu here is very simple and they give you a basic no thrills meal.
You can always substitute some of the sides if you so desire.
The big thing everyone cries about is the top secret sauce.
Maybe I missed the boat on this one but it is nothing more than some doctored up mayonnaise.
Food is pretty good and the chicken is very tender.
Good chance they are doing that southern trick of marinating it in some seasoned butter milk overnight.
That always keeps it juicy and flavorful after frying.
Would like to see some more dipping sauces.
Just take some regular Franks hot sauce and add equal parts of brown sugar and simmer it in a pan.
Some country fried chicken gravy would be good also.
Maybe just offer some jalapenos or something spicy to add a little kick.
Definity gets really busy around lunch time.
Saw tons of sweaty blue collar workers (like me) coming in and chowing down on big plates of chicken.
Some of them looked like they could have skipped the soda pop as well.
Recommend bringing your own dipping sauce or hot sauce to complete the occasion.
Some people just need more options.
CLUCK CLUCK A-OK!
3.25 STARS

Always grab the box meal.
I switch out the toast for the extra bread sometimes :) I'm a fatty lol.
But I have to say there chicken fingers are amazing!!
Just love the consultancy of this store.
Line in the drive thru moves quick even when it's all made fresh.
I always grab a sweet tea cause for some reason it's freaking amazing there.
Will definitely keep coming back :)

