This place is a joke.
They post great prices on Craigslist but thats where it ends.
Ive called/emailed their Mesa location 4 times over the past 7 days.
No return call or email.
I then called their Scottsdale location and he couldnt explain Mesa.
But he took my info and was going to call me back shortly to set up an appt to come by with samples and to measure.
Two days go by, no call back.
I called back again and he said ""well how much carpet do you need"  Apparently because I only want one room done, I am unimportant.
Good luck with your business

Stay away from this place.
Their post on craigslist is a joke.
They never showed up on the schedule date to do the work.
I had to call them, they sent the wrong material I ordered a job that was supposed to be 2 days took over a week.
They sent this guy who was terrible, first he didn't speak English so he had to communicate thru someone else, I couldn't wait for them to leave my house because he was so unprofessional.
They didn't finish the job and cost me any additional repairs.
I had to pay more than originally quoted because supposedly the office forgot or didn't tell them the scope of the work.
Even for free I wouldn't want them to do any work for me.
Stay away from this place its a rip off.
After I told someone about whom I have he told me start praying and he was right.

I just finished an extensive remodel of our house.
AZ Discount Flooring did all the tile and shower demo and then they also installed a new tile shower, tub wall, tile floors, bathroom & kitchen backsplash, carpet in bedrooms, and wooden baseboards throughout the house.
They also cleaned and sealed all the tile afterward.
It turned out beautifully.
I am extremely happy with the final product.
Pros: AZ Discount Flooring had the very lowest priced travertine I could find ANYWHERE.
I did extensive research and their price ($1.99/sq ft for 24X24 travertine) could not be beat.
Their install price at $2/sq ft and $1/sq ft to clean and seal was also quite reasonable.
I had three different installers quote me anywhere from $3/sq ft all the way to $8/sq ft to install travertine.
The quality of the materials is excellent.
I absolutely love my floor tiles.
They are beautiful.
The glass tile and backsplash materials and the wooden baseboards are also very nice.
The quality of work performed was also good.
My floors are all even and the grout lines are 1/16 and look fabulous.
At the end of the project we had a surplus of tile and the owner, Marie, took the surplus and gave us a refund--keeping us below budget.
Cons: The store seems to do alot of business with contractors and sub-contractors.
Because of this, it is difficult for a layperson (like myself) to schedule and communicate plans.
Do some research on what you want before you go in and make sure you are prepared with your measurements and exact list of what you want.
Different crews do each part of the job.
I had a different crew for my demo, tiling, carpeting and baseboards.
This can be confusing as some parts of the job (like who re-installs the toilets or who demos the baseboards) could be performed by many of the crews.
Make sure you nail down all of these details to avoid confusion.
The project took about 2 weeks longer to complete than originally intended.
This was mostly due to a 1-2 person tile crew.
They did an excellent job but probably needed more help.
Bottom line is that you get wonderful quality for a very low price.
The trade-off is that you have to be the one who is on top of the project and be organized because this place is crazy busy.
If you are looking for alot of hand holding and quick return calls, this is not your place.
If you are looking for the best deal possible and you are patient and willing to do some work--contact AZ Discount Flooring.

Called to schedule an estimate for a 7100 square foot office space to redue all tile and carpet.
Lady with accent answered the phone very rudely and when I asked to speak to a sales associate she ask me "for what?
"  ummm flooring maybe.
Not a good start and decided not to go any further.

My experience with Arizona discount flooring diverged significantly from some of the other postings.
I had a very positive encounter with the company, as well as their sub-contractors.
The owner Marie excelled in helping select a travertine floor that meet my needs.
I will say after doing some research was by far cheaper than the competition at the time.
The sub-contractors that did my demolition work, in addition to the actual laying of the tile were prompt, courteous and skilled in their trade.
To be honest most of the time these guys were working 10-15 hour days to get my tile done on schedule.
To summarize the entire process, I would say it was all in all a great experience and would not hesitate for a minute using Arizona discount flooring again (which I plan on doing for some stone work).

