I would say try it out but be ready for a little more grease than necessary.
Basically the food is good but not if you are anywhere close to wanting to eat decent/healthy :).
This will be a place that we do not go frequently but maybe every once in awhile when we need a good burro/burrito.

As good as the original Libby's El Rey Cafe in Globe, AZ.
Libby's daughter, Marisa, is using the same homemade recipes tested since 1947.
If you've been through Globe, you should know Libby's.
Now, East Valley'ites have a chance to try.
The complimentary tortilla chips they bring out are called "butter chips", and you will find out why.
But don't fill up on them.
Guac was not out of can.
Everything is homemade.
I had the Green Chile Burrito Enchilada Style.
I shouldn't have finished it all.
But I did.
Go check 'em out!

My husband and I found this place last week while on a run.
Excited for good authentic mexican food we thought we give it a try.
Glad we did.
I was not a fan of the rice or chile relleno BUT the beans.
OH the beans and my husbands tostada, beef taco and enchilada with red sauce (which I got a bite of all :-) ) were delicious.
Only being a mile away from home we will definitely come back.
I love small family owned businesses and this is exactly that.

Quaint lil place.
Great service.
The beans and beef taco are delicious.
Not a fan of the rice or chile relleno.
I'm definitely coming back.
It is a small place so food takes awhile but that's to be expected I think.
Very enjoyable.

This is the same El Ray as the one in Globe, AZ.
I'm excited to have a decent Mexican food place close.

I come from a small Arizona town, and while I like several "chain" Mexican food restaurants, I have missed that REAL Mexican food flavor.
Here it is, found again, at El Rey Cafe!
If you are looking for a fancy place with white tablecloths and china, this is not your restaurant.
But if you are looking for friendly service and crazy good food, you've just found it.
So far I've tried and loved the butter chips, salsa, green chile, red chile, and chile relleno.
Looking forward to consuming the rest of the menu soon.

Marisa will take care of you!
A true mom & pop place.
Run by the daughter of the original Libby's El Rey Cafe in Globe since 1947.

Old school mexican restaurant.
Food was good,  no beer, A/C was marginal.
Not for those looking for the chain restaurant atmosphere.
Very traditional.
I'll visit again when the weather is cooler.

