Fine dinning in a relaxed way, I like that.
The place is very nice with the smell of their own smokery [pinesmoked venison and pigeon, olala!
] They have a very nice yard and blankets to cuddle up in whilst having a smoke or just gaze at the stars.
I had pigeon for starters and then the pinesmoked venison that was pure bungey jump, meaning WOW.
One can feel that it is a new place and the staff is trying to find their feet in the work but service was great and food was top top.
Expensive, of course, but worth it.

There was much talk of Timberyard before and after it opened in Edinburgh.
There are many foodies in Edinburgh, there are many great, nay, wonderous restaurants in the capital.
So when a new restaurant opens to a hushed hubub of excitement amongst potential diners, it both has a lot to live up to and a lot of eager customers waiting to try it out.
And so, when I walked past the huge, giant, bright red doors on a misty Autumnal afternoon and realised *that* was Timberyard, I immediately went in to have a wee peek, and having done so, booked a table for dinner later that week.
I'd heard that they have their own smoke house, and smoke their meats in house.
And that the menu changes seasonally (as is so very in vogue just now).
Looking at the menus pinned to the wall, I could see that they were very specialist, sumptuous but not that extensive.
Four options for mains.
But I did like that there were both 'Bites' and 'Smalls' as starter options.
Perfect for having a taste of some of the delicious dishes without ordering just a little too much.
The restaurant itself does live up to its name - it was literally an old timber yard that has been converted.
So think bare white stone walls, a hugely tall ceiling, it's almost cavernous, and it doesn't feel too big or empty or cold.
Candles light the restaurant, many many candles.
A small couch and rug area where you can wait for your table and enjoy a cocktail make it feel homely.
The bar itself allows a drink without the need for a table too.
It's fine dining cuisine, but in a laid back, homely and welcoming atmosphere.
The staff are all incredibly friendly and down-to-earth too.
I would agree with Peter S and say that they are perhaps still settling and finding their feet, but I loved that as the waiter was clearing our plates he told us how he'd smoked the pigeon himself earlier that week, and described how he did it.
That did make me smile.
As for the food itself?
Well, I don't give 5 stars lightly.
The bite options on the menu allowed me to try two different 'starters' -quails egg, and smoked pigeon.
The quails egg dish was literally one quails egg, although it was perfectly cooked with a slightly runny yolk.
And the pigeon was equally petite but equally delicious.
The main - the first on the list - venison, with red cabbage, port and parsnip.
Simply outstanding.
The meat was perfectly cooked - so perfect - and whilst it was a modest portion, in keeping with fine dining size, it was just right.
Venison is a rich meat, and any more would have been too much.
On that note, if you are starving and like big portions, then you might leave a little hungry or having ordered all three courses, paid the price, and still not feel stuffed.
But that's the point of fine dining - to enjoy the flavours and leave satisfied but not overly full.
Just a fair warning for those who prefer quantity sometimes.
(Or not to come after you've run a marathon, say.
)  Due to the slightly higher price tag, I won't be returning too soon.
There are some places in Edinburgh that do very good food but at a lower price.
Not as fine dining as this, but still equally as enjoyable.
£17.50 for a main is more than my wallet can allow for my regular meal out.
But if there were a special occasoin - family visiting, a date, a celebration - I wouldn't hestitate to recommend or come back to Timberyard.

I went to this place for a friends birthday meal.
Boy, was it worth it!!
Food was amazing and service fabulous.
The waitress even sympathetically advised me what was best to eat in consideration of my horrible hangover!
Wine looks quite pricey at first glance but it's the way they've grouped the wines by type on the list.
There are cheaper bottles further down but don't expect a cheap night.
I'm definitely going to pay them another visit.
Try a Lavender Gimlet that's all I can say!

On a Friday evening the place was packed and we had to book pretty far in advance so needless to say the atmosphere was buzzing.
Its in an old timberyard obviously and has a lovely rustic charm, floor to ceiling wine rack and a wood burning stove.
What more do you need?!
The staff were lovely - knowledgeable and enthusiastic and very helpful.
Make sure you order the shrub cocktail its amazing with or without an oyster or two!
They have a 4 course set menu (you can have less if you want although you would have to be mad!
) The idea is that you have a bite, then a starter, your main and a dessert.
For £22 its pretty darn good value I think.
All the dishes we had were tasty and delicious and with some opting for the a la carte we tried quite a few.
My favourite was the soused mackerel and the venison.
The place has loads of locally sourced, home smoked or cured and exciting dishes to tempt you.
I love this place, its a bit more expensive than some places but is perfect for a celebration or romantic dinner...

Fresh local ingredients, prepared flawlessly and imaginatively, without pomp or pretense.
Everything I seek in a restaurant.
LOVED it!

Hands down, #1 for us in Edinburgh.
Had a great time here.
From the service to the drinks to the food, everything hit just right.
Super casual but nothing is taken for granted.
Servers bounced around but this did not detract as they were all knowledgeable and friendly.
They even had gluten free bread for my boyfriend which was as good as my regular bread.
Food was interesting and well presented.
Wines and cocktails were varied and reasonably priced.
I could have eaten everything on the menu and one day I hope to return and do just that!
We should have come back for a second dinner instead of M*** G********.

Timberyard is my new favorite restaurant world wide.
It has a simple modern appearance yet is rustically sophisticated.
Simply put this chef is gifted.
Every dish is bursting with creativity, technique, and flavor.
Every bite was bliss.
They have only the best locally sourced ingredients and many have even been foraged!
The Chef makes the menu based on what they have available so it is constantly changing.
The staff are all charming and sweet as can be.
You wouldn't believe it, but this is a family run business.
Son and father as Chef, daughter, friend, boyfriend are all servers, brother is the mixologist and mom's upstairs.
They bring a warmth to this stunning, modern perfectly executed establishment.
We will be returning before our trip is over with out a doubt!

Went here two nights in a row and enjoyed  the awesome atmosphere, exelent service and delicious food.
The coctails are awsome too.
The best place I have ever been to.
Get there fast!

After hearing about Timberyard all over the place, I decided that we needed to try it.
I was attracted by the setting, the stories of the food, and the fact that they have a little garden out back where they grow some of their greens.
So, we booked up a table weeks in advance (if you want to come at a reasonable time on the weekend, book early .. but having said that we visited just after the Festival so that could well have had something to do with how few tables they had), giving ourselves loads of time to look forward to it.
The setting didn't disappoint.
It's gorgeously industrial chic (and yeah we were totally getting design ideas for our kitchen).
The primary colours are white and dark brown/grey with splashes of colour from the tartan throws on some of the chairs.
The Man observed that (despite the woodburner in the middle of the room) it must be a nightmare to heat such a large space, so I guess the throws come in handy at times.
One of the serving staff explained the courses to us, encouraging us to go for all four courses and saying that they're on the small side.
They have two menus - one that's standard and one considered a "pre theatre" type menu that's much more affordable.
Interestingly, we seemed to be able to mix and match across the menus which was lovely because the mains on the pre theatre were almost half the price (£11.50 vs £19.50).
For our bites, The Man got an oyster while I had the young herb salad with honey and sunflower.
He loved his oyster and wanted more, but I wasn't very taken with my salad.
The herbs were a bit overwhelming in their flavour and could have used some normal lettuce to balance it all out.
The sunflower petals were a gorgeous touch, though.
For starters I had the duck egg with spring onion, and The Man had the sardine.
I am super picky with eggs and found mine just *slightly* underdone because the white was a bit gooey for my taste.
That's really just being picky though as the dish as a whole had a gorgeous rich flavour.
The Man loved his sardine.
I had the beech smoked sirloin for my main, while The Man had the lamb.
Again he loved his, finding everything melt in your mouth amazing, while again I really enjoyed mine but felt the sirloin was a bit over cooked to my liking.
It was more medium/medium done than medium rare.
We then shared the chocolate pudding which was ridiculously amazing.
Really really ridiculously amazing.
We also got coffees which came with vanilla fudge and little lemon cakes.
We found the portion sizes to be fantastic - I always prefer more smaller courses than big plates of food, which allows you to be comfortably full instead of stuffed, and makes for a more leisurely dining experience.
The staff were outstanding - perfectly attentive and charming while being both relaxed and professional.
I originally approached this review prepared to give 4 stars for the small issues I had with the food but when I compare this meal with others I've loved, this easily equals and could possibly top them in quality.
Even The Man, ever a skeptic when it comes to trying a new restaurant, said he would return in a heartbeat.
From the minute you walk through the huge impressive doors, you know you're in for a really unique experience.
Yeah, it's SO cool and it's SO trendy right now, but so what, I'm sold.

Came to here on a busy Friday night with friends and absolutely loved it!
Felt like I was back in Willamsburg for a minute, but quickly the vibe overtakes you.
The decor and theme is well executed and the same can be said resoundingly for the food.
With every bite, you think you knew what it would taste like but then you realized you had no idea- in a good way!
Start to finish, our entire dinner was exceptional and the staff attentive.
Highly recommend!

This review is purely based on the service and not the food.
I didn't go there for food, just some birthday drinks before I headed to dinner.
I have heard rave reviews about their food, but knew they had drinks so thought I would try it.
It is a beautiful space, we were seated near the entrance, which I assume is the waiting area, which despite the door opening and closing and letting the cold in, was ok.   We asked the staff member that sat us if we order from the bar or if someone comes to us, they said someone will come to us and gave us menus.
So, over 10 minutes later no one had come to take our drink order.
We should have just gone to the bar, but we weren't in a hurry so we thought maybe they were busy.
Just as was about to give up and go to the bar someone came over and took our drink order, which was one beer and a gin and tonic.
Needless to say, it took almost another 10 minutes before our drinks arrived.
And no one came back to see if we wanted another round.
I'm sorry, I don't mind waiting if a place is super busy, but they didn't seem to be as I watched the person that took our order chat for a few minutes with a co-worker for a while before they even started making our drinks.
Being in the service industry, I would just have appreciated some honestly about if they were too busy to do drinks for us or if it would be quicker at the bar.
I will at some point go back in for food as I don't feel like this typical for their service at Timberyard, but I was pretty disappointed with having to wait 20 minutes for two basic drinks.

I so glad they kept the big doors from the original Lawson's Timber just adds charm to the place.
Firstly the food is devine.
Secondly the service is friendly, relaxed and very knowledgable.
Thirdly I will come back for more.
To start we ordered a sauvigion blanc, which came from Marlborough, New Zealand.
Tis was delicious on the palate.
It went well with all 4 courses I had choosen from the menu.
The little bite was a lobster broth.
Starters was a crab, creme fraiche, horseradish, spiced bread.
I choose smoked pork loin, belly, onion, artichoke for the mains and to finish was Marshmallows, chocolate, spiced oats, fig, milk.
The serving are quite small but I was quite full by the end - quite full and happy!
I'm chuffed to say we have something like this in Ediburgh and I've finally now experienced it!

We visited Timberyard at the end of January when it was bitterly cold!
We were early for our table but had heard they do good cocktails so we thought we would have one or two before dinner.
We were lucky to get a seat on the sofas beside the wood burning stove - just what we needed after the walk in the cold!
The menu is simple with only 3 choices per course, but everything is fresh, tasty and beautifully presented.
There are 4 courses to choose from, an amuse bouche type course, and then starter, main course and dessert.
They also serve some very tasty bread, ours must have come from the oven as it was still warm!
As it was January the menu was more gamey with both Vension and Pigeon appearing on the menu.
Being not a big meat eater I was happy that there was a good veggie option for each course as well.
The serving staff were pleasant and well informed about each dish they were serving.
In some aspects the service may have been a bit on the slow side, however it was such a lovely space with a relaxed atmosphere (plus we weren't in a rush) that we didn't mind!
I look forward to returning in the summer to be able to sit outside in their garden and also to see how their menu changes with the seasons!

An even better 5 stars than last time.
We brought my parents here this past weekend and everything was spot on.
I think that the creativity of the dishes, the staff, and the little extra touches are what really do it for Timberyard.
I forgot to mention in my first review that when you sit down you are treated with warm bread and, as was the case last  weekend, whipped butter with crowdie, accompanied by juniper smoked pepper and something green (I keep forgetting) with the salt.
OH SO MUCH HEAVEN.
Honestly, warm bread and butter is great enough, but the crowdie and the seasonings sent this overboard.
OH and there was smoked bone marrow too.
UHN.
Full after the bite, starter and main, we oped for coffee (and a cheeky mead for me), which came with the standard fabulous little sweet bites.
Between courses we popped out into the garden to see the chickens and quails (cute and little) and decided it would be a gorgeous place to come for a cocktail on a sunny afternoon (add that to the list after a flush month!).
If I could come here once a month, I would.
It's just fantastic.

Timberyard is innocuous from the outside, easily passed unnoticed at the bottom of Lady Lawson Street but as soon as you open the huge glass doors, the stylish interior and vibrant atmosphere make for a very warm welcome.
Inside is a very chic, stripped back 'rustic/industrial/warehouse' environment.
With the bar in the middle of the main dining room and a large blackboard on the back wall with rotational beers and cocktails written on it.
The open plan dining area is huge, tables are well spaced, offer plenty privacy but also retain an intimate feel.
There is also a tranquil courtyard, a perfect space to enjoy the sun with a drink in hand.
The food menu is meticulously assembled with a dedication to local, seasonal produce and sustainability; they even filter and bottle their own water.
But more than that, it has a very nordic feel (think Noma-ish) with plenty foraging, pickling, smoking and ingenious ingredient matching but also combining classic French technique with a nod to traditional Scottish dishes as well.
The food most definitely delivers the promises it makes on paper.
Timberyard is all about flavour, flavour and flavour.
Everything you will eat will be a taste sensation, I promise.
In addition to the quality of the food, the presentation is beautiful.
Each dish a work of art.
The drinks options are of the same high standard, offering a very comprehensive wine list, creative and unique cocktails and a good selection of beers.
Service is faultlessly smooth.
Staff are very friendly, striking a perfect balance by being attentive without being intrusive.
I think Timberyard offers pretty good value for money.
Some of the larger dishes aren't inexpensive but the menu is made up of 'bites' and 'small' plates as well, offering a unique sort of tapas/French/Nordic fusion.
Complimentary fresh bread (complete with whipped crowdie butter, celery salt and juniper infused pepper) and 'afters' of mini lemon meringue biscuit tuiles and white chocolate cylinders also adding to an already spectacular first impression.
In summary, Timberyard is an awesome place to enjoy fine dining in a relaxed, casual environment with a great buzz and without fine dining prices... mostly.

