The main water line from the meter to the house was leaking.
Called MC Plumbing on a friend's recommendation.
Jose was here in less than an hour and gave an honest evaluation of the situation.
While some may consider it "up selling," I found Jose to be honest and frank about the repair options.
Having been a mechanic, I know the value of doing a job one time and doing it correctly and well.
Jose and his crew arrived the next morning as promised and did the job correctly, well, and with good humor in the 105 degree heat.
They also corrected existing issues that existed from when the house was built and when the water softener was installed 20 years ago; no additional charge.
If all their plumbers are as professional as Jose and his crew, I would recommend them to anyone and every one.
Thanks for a job done well and as promised.

There was a problem with my back and front yards and they were flooding.
I called Scott in a bit of a panic and he sent out an awesome guy right away, I think his name was Jose, he explained the system I had to me.
Turned off the water so that it wouldn't continue to flood and was extremely nice.
I'll definitely be calling them in the future for any plumbing needs.
Thanks y'all!

With company coming tomorrow, our puppy chewed through the hose connecting the water supply to the toilet in our guest bathroom.
We rushed to Lowe's to buy a new connector and found we could not get the old connector to unscrew.
So next option, duct tape!
Not a success!
I jumped on Angie's list and found MC Plumbing.
I called and explained the problem.
The gentleman said someone would give me a call to coordinate soon.
Jose called in less than an hour and said he could be at my house in 15 minutes.
Jose was very professional, friendly, and knowledgeable.
I learned the valve and hose we had installed were a one piece design.
Jose got right to work and replaced the entire valve and tubing assembly in less than 30 minutes.
We might have been able to find someone to do the job cheaper but the quick response and job well done were well worth it to me.

