Best quality cut I've ever had.
Period.
I live in Tucson and I still drive all the way up here for my haircut.
H (The owner) has a steady hand and really takes his time, you really feel like it's a special experience.
The cut is professional and H is very courteous.
When he used to work in Tucson I had a custom design in the side of my head and he executed it flawlessly nothing is too much for him to handle.
I have had short cuts, mohawks, and now long parted hair so I know he is good with all styles.
He is also good at edging up and lining up my beard.
There's nothing like that fresh shot of confidence when you go into a weekend with the perfect haircut, and he has delivered without fail for seven years for me.
The only negative is that there can be a bit of a wait in the afternoons and weekend.
I have never been here for a shave, nor do I know if it is offered.

This man can cut hair!
He can cut Jesus hair.

I like this place.
The owner really does his best to make people feel comfortable.
The place isn't exactly the best with two seats and not exactly modern place, but somehow that just seems to be where the best barbers are.
He really takes pride and care in his work, which ended up having a much longer haircut than I've normally had.
So in conclusion, the place may not look the best, but it's definitely a top-notch barber.
Hard to believe I've found a new one so fast.

Moved here from Tucson 10 years ago and I finally found my barbershop.
This man knows what he's doing.
I have seen him cut every type of hair there is.
Everyone leaves with a smile on their face and I will be a returning customer.

Never in my life have I had a worse haircut.
H seemed competent and acted like he knew what he was doing, but unfortunately for me, another guy cut my hair.
He was super awkward and seemed completely out of it.
He didn't understand anything I told him, and after what felt like an hour in the chair, I was shocked when he gave me the mirror.
I asked him to change a few things, and to his credit, he did try, but he was unable to make it any better.
Instead of risking him making it worse, I got in my car and drove straight to another barbershop.
Never again.

Cool guy and very skilled in his craft.
Definitely recommended.
Thanks H!

This guy knows what he's doing.
Excellent haircut and conversation.
The place might not look like much by "some people's" standards.
Let those people get their hair cut by someone else.
H, as he is known by, can cut my hair any time.
By the looks of the number of customers showing up right after me, the only problem you might have is getting in the door on a busy afternoon.
Keep up the good work H, and thanks for the great haircut.

Checked this place out for the first time today with my 4-year-old.
My boy went first and H did an awesome job.
VERY friendly and GREAT with kids.
I got my cut right after and also received a PERFECT cut by H. Hands down best barber in the valley that I've experienced.
He knows what he's doing!
We will DEFINITELY be coming back!

Found this place on yelp, went for a cut.
He did a great job.
The owner is really nice and makes you feel welcomed.
He knows what he's doing too.
I found my new spot!

Stopped in here today for a quick cut.
After reading many other yelp reviews (all 5 stars) I figured I would give it a try.
Got exactly what I asked for and for a great price too!
Will definitely be going here from now on.

Awesome barber, I plan on making this my permanent place!
The owner/only barber currently, is very thorough and precise with each and every haircut.
That means, of course, that he spends much more time (20-30 minutes for what I saw) on each person.
If you're used to the standard sports clips in and out within half hour, don't expect that here.
If you have a few people ahead of you plan on hanging out for a while or run some errands and go back.
The potential wait is a small price to pay for such great service and quite reasonable prices!

I visit Tempe often, and H is the guy I go to for a cut.
Truly lives up to his name: A Cut Above... everyone else.
Nice guy...
Tremendous talent.
Highly recommend.

Highly recommended!!!!
you won't go wrong at this place.
This guy is awesome, he asks before every required detail and tries his best to get you a haircut you want.
He gives proper time and attention to your haircut.
As an added bonus, you won't feel bored because of his interesting and engaging talks.
If you are looking for a quick haircut and don't care about your hairs then this is not a place for you.
This is a place for getting a great haircut.

This place is great.
I went from paying $25 dollars a cut back in Cali, to paying $15 dollars a cut, and getting a better cut then i ever did back home.
He's very consistent, talented, and its evident after talking to him that customer satisfaction is a big deal to him.
This is my new my new permanent place.

This is a cool barbershop.
When you're having a boy Josh hook me up.
If you looking for a barber shop to do nice work, in a cool atmosphere come here.
Either Josh or the owner will hook you up.

First and probably last barbershop I have been to in Arizona.
Amazing work done on both my son and husband.
A little bit of a wait, but totally worth it.
Great fade work!

