If you happen to find yourself at the food court in Aliante Station, I would suggest you save yourself the hassle and skip Capriotti's.
I hate to say it because I really like Capriotti's (see my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/capriottis-sandwich-shop-las-vegas?q=nicole) and because this location is the closest to my house.
But I have had too many problems here that I have now decided I will either drive further if I need my sandwich fix or find somewhere else to eat.
Of the four times I have eaten at this location, I have had problems during three of them.
We had a 30 minute wait for 2 sandwiches.
We ordered two medium sandwiches but when we got home we realized that one was clearly a small.
We ordered one small and one medium sandwich but were charged for two mediums.
The employee noticed his mistake after charging our card and said there was nothing he could do except offer us a bag of chips (which we don't eat).
Also, my husband's Veg Cole Turkey was very skimped on toppings.
It's a good thing I know how good the customer service and quality of food is at the other locations.
Otherwise, if this was my only experience I'm not sure I'd bother with a Capriotti's again.
Located in the Aliante Station food court next to the movie theater.
Note: They do not sell large-sized sandwiches.

Sometimes the wait is long due to only one employee being there but food has always been good

So far I have been underwhelmed by my two experiences here.
I found the employees to be friendly, and the food tasted fairly good.
But there was just no pizzazz to it, and in each case it took about 20 minutes to receive my freshly prepared order.
On my latest outing I ordered a 12" Cheese Steak with Mushrooms, Sweet Peppers, and Fried Onions.
The grinder was cheesy and filling, but contained well done pieces of beef and was not that satisfying.
A generous amount of ketchup was provided on request as a dip, which perked up the taste of the sandwich somewhat.
Only potato chips are available here, although in each case I would have definitely preferred French Fries to go with my sub.
Upon checking into Yelp, I received a free large fountain drink of my choice.
I opted for Dr. Pepper, and appreciated the gesture.

Hmmm ... Philly Cheese Steaks.
It is such a comfort food.
I stayed at the Aliante Resort and ate here twice.
My first sandwich was so delicious I decided the next day to order another one.
The second wasn't as amazing but it still hit the spot.
The sandwich is a little pricey costing me around $10.
And that does not include chips or drinks.
My cheap butt decided to have a cup of water instead.
When I am back in LA, I will definitely stop by

They have online ordering so if you're in a rush to see a movie, this is a nice bonus and can pay for it ahead of time.
The bobby here was just as good as other Capriottis.
The order placed was exactly right.
Made our movie in time!

Been to other Capriottis in town & this favors the least.
My order is always the same & have received it consistently in other locations.
My large Philly Cheese Steak did not look like a large at all.
It looked deflated, squished, lacked meat and cheese.
Other locations are extremely generous, taking pride in their sandwiches.
This one seems to not do so.
Sandwich should be divine if I'm paying $9 for it.
Just saying.

What more can I say.
Best Cheesesteak outside of Philly.

Have been to several Caps around the valley many times, always a consistent brand.
This was my second visit to this location, both times have been sub par.
Last night was the same.
Actually watched the guy making my Bobby picking and eating meat while making my sandwich.
Blah.
The overall appearance of the place was nasty and dirty.
Will not be returning to this location.

Part of the group wanted Capriotti's and the others wanted Rubio's.
It worked out well because the food court at the Aliante Casino has both.
I went with Cap's and got the Slaw Be Joe.
I love this sandwich.
The combination of roast beef, cole slaw and Russian dressing is fantastic.
They did it up right with generous portion sizes.
One in the group got the cheese steak and said it was great.
The other got the ever popular Bobbie, which was overly heavy on the cranberry.
The staff was friendly and I got a free large fountain drink for my check-in on Yelp.

