I hired Moving Buddies to move my mom.
They did an awesome job!!!
They were on time, very efficient with packing and making sure nothing got broken.
I'd hire them again!

We have used Moving Buddies many times and are always impressed with their job.
They are very careful with our items and very flexible with any job.
Call them for small and large job.s

Talk about punctual, efficient and affordable!!
Moving Buddies has it all!
They showed up early, moved my stuff out of my 2-story house and into my new upstairs apartment in under 3 hours.
They didn't stop until the job was complete (not even to take a break!).
Thank you, Moving Buddies, for making our move easy for us.
I will highly recommend you to anyone that needs movers!

What more is there to say?
They're quick, efficient, timely, and professional.
They can do small moves through their personal pick up truck, otherwise, they don't have 18wheelers.
Nevertheless, they get the job done.
Andrew is very helpful so give him a call for all your moves.

Andrew and Bo were on time, hard workers, careful, and genuinely nice guys.
I knew prior to calling them that there was a charge for stairs, but even with the fee their flat rates were lower than other movers I found.
They showed up exactly on time, and quickly unloaded my two packed uboxes quickly and carefully in less than an hour and a half.
I'll definitely be contacting them again as soon as my fiance moves into town in a couple months.
Note to all people looking for movers--don't forget to tip!

Let's face it - moving sucks.
Oh, not the adventure of discovering new activities and restaurants, or meeting people and making new friends .
that part is pretty cool.
But hauling all your stupid crap up and down stairs, on to and off of trucks - that's a beating.
Based on the reviews here on Yelp, I recently hired Moving Buddies to help move me into a 3rd floor unit (ugh!).
I was glad I did.
They were on-time, efficient, careful, and quite friendly.
As much as it could, the process actually seemed to go by really quickly.
During the move, the guys gave me a ton of helpful advice on area things to do, where the nearest services were, and what not.
As a bonus (and very unexpectedly), there were even discussions about the EPL, the state of local British pubs, and being a sucker, er, I mean, having a fondness for animals.
The next time I need to move, or need to recommend a mover, it won't be anywhere close to a tough choice.
I will call Moving Buddies every time, and if I ever encounter Andrew in a pub, the pints are on me!

Worked out a schedule time with them through email on the website.
They showed up as scheduled I pointed to the uhaul and they got to work.
Quick and efficient.
Thanks guys.

I used Bo and his van about a year ago to move here to Las Vegas.
I'm planning on moving back to L.A. soon and will be using him again.
His prices are awesome, he went and grabbed my stuff in L.A. from a storage place and my old apartment, without my supervision and saved me a trip back to grab all my stuff.
All told he only charged me $350 and I gave him a $150 tip because he was so awesome.
He then invited my wife and I to an Oktoberfest in Las Vegas.
Not just service but a friendly and personal approach to it all.
Who says customer service is dead?
Not with Bo!
Do yourself a favor and hire these guys, way easier and more pleasant than trying to do it on your own.
And realistically not that much more expensive than getting a U-Haul and doing it yourself.

I used Andrew and Jeff from Moving Buddies for a recent move.
They were great.
I had lots of communication with Andrew ahead of time, so knew when to expect them and the approximate cost for my specific move.
They showed up when they said they would, did some extra work for me (like moving things from a storage unit), took care with my items, packed the truck professionally, and unloaded everything very easily and efficiently.
It was a long day for them as they had a big job in the morning before they helped with my move, and it was one of those toasty Las Vegas afternoons.
It didn't seem to phase them.
They never seemed to slow down.
I will be using them again.
I would definitely recommend them.

Happy to recommend Moving Buddies!
On time, efficient, careful and experienced...this is my 3rd move with them and I am still a satisfied customer.
If you have to move- do yourself a favor and call Andrew and his team!
Big or small jobs are no problem.
Odd shaped pieces don't faze them and they bring their own equipment!
Thanks for making our move that much easier!

Absolutely loved these guys.
They were very professional and kind.
I had just move to LVNV from TN and after 30 hours of driving, I was exhausted.
I saw their ad on craigslist after going through dozens of  other  "spam" advertising.
I was happy they came to help me on such short notice (same day).
They were very quick with moving my things into my 2nd floor condo and very gentle with what I consider to be my precious, fragile items.
Listening to their accents were an added bonus ;)

Absolutely amazing!!!
They wrestled a lot of furniture and stuff out of a small apartment and didn't scratch a thing!
Extremely hard workers!
And, it was 115 degrees when they did it!!
Pleasant and professional.
We cannot say enough good things!
HIRE THEM!!!

When I found these guys through Yelp, I shared their website with my girlfriend who told me it would probably turn out to be a scam...
I'm going to be telling her about how wrong she was for a very very long time.
Andrew and Patrick helped with moving my apartment into my moving truck, and they were great.
I'd started loading things myself before they got there and thought I was doing a great job but my 2 bedroom apartment full of stuff wouldn't fit.
Andrew got into my 16' Penske truck and reorganized everything in a matter of 20 minutes leaving PLENTY of room.
That's all it took for me to realize these guys are pros.
They had my upstairs unit moved out in just under 2 hours--less time than they quoted me initially, but I helped carry as well.
I booked them at the flat rate for the 2nd story 2 bedroom move, and I don't regret it a bit because the price was more than reasonablet.
I never felt rushed, they just worked very efficiently.
When I arrived at my destination 1300 miles later, my belongings hadn't budged.
That was even with me driving the truck (like an idiot most of the time).
This was an extremely positive experience, and I'm glad I didn't try to load this truck myself.
Do yourself (and these guys) a few favors before you move: reserve their help early because they book up, don't skimp on the moving blankets and ratchet straps (Harbor Freight has both for CHEAP), pack everything ahead of time and stage it so its ready to go out the door (they're too nice to say it, but I bet it drives them nuts when people waste their time), assemble your things outside of the truck and let them arrange it inside (it'll make the truck more balanced weight-wise and help ensure your stuff doesn't move while driving), and (I don't think this is required, but it's kind) don't be afraid to give them a hand (nobody likes moving, these guys do it for a living, it has to be a hard and thankless job that exposes them to a lot of people on one of their worst days--helping out will make your move faster and their job easier).
I'm not in Las Vegas anymore, but I'd work with them again and again.
Price, service, attitude--these guys are the best!

I had some cubes being dropped off at a self storage unit and hired moving buddies to unload them for me as I had a few heavy items I needed help with.
Unfortunately, only 2 of the 3 cubes arrived so what was going to be a quick job, ended up being even quicker and almost unnecessary!
Timeliness and Crew 5/5 - 2 of them showed up 10 minutes early ready to help.
The job was done ahead of schedule.
The guys themselves are great!
Good value for the money and personable too!
Administration - 4/5 - I was never told about minimum time on my written quote yet it was asked for when the job was complete.
Probably some internal communication issues and I was happy to pay as its pretty standard.
Packing skills 2/5 - This team looked like they were pretty new.
I had to stay by the pods to keep inventory to find out what was missing.
Everyone in the crew knew a 3rd pod would be arriving yet when I went back to the unit to see how it was packed, it was worse than a 3 year old playing Tetris!
Basically, they filled up the bottom half of an oversized unit making it:  1) impossible to get in or around the unit when only 1/3 of the cubic space was being used.
2) impossible to put any more items in (despite knowing a 3rd would be coming!
3) so that I had to I spend 2 hours of my own time redoing their work.
Overall, moving buddies did what they were supposed to do, just didn't really excel at it.
Sadly, due to their lack of followup, I have chosen another provider for my future moves.

Andrew and Patrick arrived on time, charged us a very reasonable flat rate and completed the job in exactly the amount of time they estimated.
They even stopped at our storage with us to drop off/pick up a few things!
They brought their own equipment and 2 pick up trucks in case we needed more space.
Best value and fantastic/honest service!

These guys are the best!
They helped my hubby and I unload our U-Haul after we moved up from California in August.
They worked very very hard on a very hot day.
I would definitely recommend moving buddies to everyone.
I know when I move again I will be giving them a call for sure :)

I can't say enough good things about Moving Buddies.
Not only did they fit the move in last minute on the day before Christmas(!!!
), they were just all-around awesome.
Absolutely the best moving experience I've ever had of 5 moves in Las Vegas.
The 3 man crew showed up on time and ready to work.
They were incredible.
Friendly and no attitudes!
Super cool crew.
I really didn't have to supervise the load; just a walk thru pointing out what needed loaded.
They didn't slow down until I insisted they eat lunch.
They absolutely insisted on ensuring all boxes went to the proper rooms.
We had two items with minor damage but Andrew was upfront and honest immediately.
It wasn't anything that was their fault; more my packing method but I appreciated that they were forthright.
Their rates were crazy good and I had no problem tipping them extra for a job well done.
I wouldn't hesitate to use their services for anything from small furniture delivery to a huge move.
I absolutely will recommend them to others.
Moving Buddies made moving much less stressful.

Good Guys that did Good work, were on time, efficient, funny to the point that even though they were working hourly we were hoping they'd stick around awhile longer.

Four very friendly guys showed up at my house on time and ready to load our four-bedroom home into an ABF trailer.
They were fast and seemed efficient.
And then.
Our trailer arrived at our house and what wasn't completely broken was well scratched.
Our refrigerator had a hole punched right through it.
Our brand new upright freezer was scratched and dented.
Our child's crib was broken, her changing table gashed.
Our bed frame was warped and many of our boxes smashed.
So many were clearly marked "fragile" and placed on the bottom of stacks.
My bookshelves were unsalvageable, our dressers missing chunks of wood.
The only thing that made it through the move unscathed was the dog bed.
I can't begin to explain how crushed I was to find all my belongings ruined after these guys promised they knew what they were doing.
(I sent this review to them before I posted it to see if they could explain.
The response I got was that it sounded like the trailer flipped over.
I assure you, it did not.
)   -----  I'm not one to continue the conversation like this, but that response cannot stand.
I asked if the company had insurance.
That is not extortion.
That is standard practice in this industry.
I just regret not asking that question before I hired Moving Buddies.
For those reading this: they have no insurance and do not cover any of the items they break.
It's not worth the risk.
Trust me.
This was the first time you requested photos.
I will email them today.
I too am flabergasted by the hole in the refrigerator.
Trust me, it's not something I was expecting as I unpacked into my new home.
Your men didn't even use the total 24, not the 12 you claim, moving blankets we provided, for which I have a rental reciept if you'd also like a photo of that.
It was not the fault of our unloaders.
As soon as they saw the damage, they called us into the trailer to see the damage before they unloaded anything.
ABF was not at fault here.
The trailer was untouched and the items were still where you had packed them - just damaged from the poor quailty of packing and the way in which things struck/rubbed against one another.
For a company that does not even carry liability insurance, words like "extortion" and "mentally unstable" in response to a 100 percent accurate review are more than unwise.
They are libel.
You might choose to be more careful with other people's belongings and your choice of response in the future.

I found this company on Yelp and I wasn't disappointed.
I only had a few days notice to move.
Andrew and his crew were considerate, down to earth, arrived on time and were great to work with.
I would definitely use again and recommend to my friends.

Hands down, the best movers in Nevada!!
This is the second time that I have used Andrew and I was even more satisfied this time than the last.
The first time was just to move a treadmill but he had to move it up a narrow flight of stairs.
He helped us get it set-up and charged us a fair price, much less than anyone else wanted to charge us for a moving a heavy, single item.
This time, it was moving our entire upstairs condo into our new house across town.
Andrew arrived on time with two other assistants.
They helped us finish our packing and took great care loading our furniture and fragile items.
They worked quickly and wasted no time getting us moved.
They were very helpful getting our furniture situated to my wife's approval.
I would highly recommend Moving Buddies to anyone who needs a mover, whether it is a few items or a large house.
I know I will never use anyone else.

Moving Buddies did a great job for me!
They are quick and efficient with great attitudes.
Thanks guys!

Great group of guys.
They would rather have their men drop then the work stop.
Made the move from a apt.
On the first floor to a third floor apt across town way better than trying to do myself.
Thanks guys for all your help and will recommend you to everyone

Andrew and Bo moved me from Henderson to Riverside (Southern) California March 2013.
They arrived at my apartment right on time and loaded the contents of my one bedroom apartment within two hours.
After the 5 or so hour drive, they unloaded the truck and moved me into my new apartment with two hours.
(Note that both apartments are on the second floor.
) All told, they couldn't have done a better job!
Please note--this review corrects my earlier post wherein I stated that two items were missing after I unpacked.
I was totally wrong!
The reason I thought so is that the Riverside apartment is extremely small, so I wasn't able to unpack everything.
I profusely apologize to Andrew and Bo for my erroneous review.

6 out of 5 stars if I could.
Andrew and his crew were amazing!
They were professional,  polite, hard working and just great guys.
I cannot say enough good things about these guys.
We rented our own truck and they filled it with a 4 bedroom house in an hour and 15 minutes!
Best moving.company around!

