It is probably because the time of day we came in that the donuts were not fresh.
But we were, OK, I was craving some of my favorites.
I selected the three and was only happy with my old fashion donut.
The chocolate one... the chocolate taste wasn't what I am usually used to.
The glazed just was too dry.
I will have to go back bright and early in the morning closer to home and do this review again.
What a pain, not, joke only.

I love the peppermint mocha ice coffee, even the hot peppermint mocha coffee tastes good.
I come here when I have chance to indulge in some delicious coffees.

One of our first stops for gas on our drive down to Loosanna to pick up my lil girl last month.
Dad goes across the parking lot for his Mickey D coffee fix here in AZ and I see the Dunkin Donuts across the way.
So as a consumer of pop culture, ESPN watcher and avid listener of comics who've grown up back east proclaiming the virtues of this chain's coffee as being the best thing evaah (just like the NY pizza thing), I figured I'd give it a try.
Verdict- not impressed.
7-11 coffee is just as damn good.
Pure n Simple    Altho the variety of donuts behind the case looked tempting and I guess they're gonna branch out to bagels when they come to CA.
Either way...not making a special trip once they get to CA

My mom lives in Buckeye, so I'm here pretty often.
When I visit, I literally go everdayday to this place.
The wifi never works here, but the coffee and donuts are the best and way cheaper than Starbucks!
They do keep it pretty clean as well as the bathrooms.
Customer service is average besides sometimes waiting more than five minutes at the register because staff is hiding in the back or tending to the drive-thru customers.

We came here on a Saturday morning and I suppose they're probably busier on the weekend mornings.
The woman who took our order through the drive thru was very friendly but they were out of a few types of donuts.
The woman at the window wasn't friendly at all.
We ended up getting a half a dozen donuts and one iced coffee.
The donuts were all really good and very fresh, surprisingly!
The coffee was terrible though.

I don't really eat donuts, but I do love their iced coffees!!
Im an addict.
Its my everyday drink whether its cold or hot.
Love, Love, Love them!
Also, at this particular location, the staff is awesome!!
They know who I am and what I order - even when I don't...lol  I love my morning girls and guy!

HORRIBLE customer service!!!!
If it werent for the fact that they are conveniently located for the begging of my morning commute, I would NEVER go there.
You get the feeling that the entire staff is terribly incovenienced by your choice to give them your business.
I've had better service from the IRS!

If you want your fancy flavored iced coffee, sure go here.
But if you want a good version of their namesake- doughnuts, then go elsewhere.
Specifically, go south to Fresh Donuts over by Jack in the Box and Fry's to get some of the best doughnuts ever.
The customer service here is not too great.
In the morning, you know, their most busy and would be focused time, they do a poor job.
No, "thank you"'s, and a lack of attention when we placed our order and pulled up.
So, if you want decent coffee, dry, chemically enhanced (and chemically tasting) doughnuts and somewhat poor customer service, this place is right up your alley.
But if you like quality and local business, head over to Fresh Donuts.
Like I said, it's great.

Literally the worst customer service I have ever experienced.
Everytime I go there the staff members are so unfriendly.
I have done plenty of surveys and so have my neighbors who go there and nothing has changed.
I went my last time today.
My cashier Ashley D was so rude.
I told her to have a good day to see if she would even respond since it's a trend that they don't respond.
She just looked at me and I said wow you guys just never tell anyone to have a good day do you ?
She responded sarcastically and said have a fabulous day !
Very sad.
I called the manager on shift and didn't seem to care one bit.
Very unprofessional.
Never will I ever go there again and neither will friends and family who have experienced the same thing.
They need to get their act together.
Very sad !

One of the worse dunkin donuts around.
They never get an order right...I mean really how hard is it to make a bagel with butter!
When you get the food on the second try it tastes ok.
But the service is horrible....either the local high school kids working the counter while hanging out with their friends or you get miserable servers who can't say hello or thank you.
If you want a really good donut fix go to fresh donuts about a half mile down the road on the other side of the street by the frys.

If there was a rating less than 1 star, that's what I would rate this Dunkin Donuts.
First off, like the other reviews for this location...the customer service is beyond horrendous!
I don't know what is wrong with the mgmt here, but they need to learn a thing or two about how to train the staff on how to treat the customers.
There is no customer service at this location at all...sorry.
You all suck!
To the stupid lackluster teens who work here, I hope to GOD you go to college and get a degree to hopefully one day get you a better job where you really don't need to have customer service skills because I feel that you will never reach the peak of decent Customer Service at all!
SPLENDA means NO SUGAR IDIOTS!!

