I had the 1/4 pound Nathan's dog and Bud Light for $2.50.
The dog is cooked on a  rolling rotisserie like you see in 7-Eleven but I was surprised because it tasted pretty darn good.
Probably because the Nathan's dog is all beef.
It was a little greasy but that's the way an all beef dog is going to be when cooked properly on a rotisserie.
I ended up eating at this place 4 times while I was in Vegas getting the special each time.
The atmosphere is dive like which is a good thing.
The food is nothing special but I am giving this place 3 stars for the super value.
A decent cheap meal.
Check out my blog "Tales of a Flying Brick" for more details...

feeling local... great bar.
cheap drinks.
awesome bartender!...
mamasan is awesome ;)

Two Words...
Dive Bar.
This is the place the locals go...and tourists like myself who are looking for some cheap booze to start the night off.
My friends particularly like this place because this is the type of place they're used to back home.
It all started out as a joke last year when the "Construction Workers Welcome" sign caught our attention...we just found it to be funny along with the dollar hot dog sign and whatnot.
We got sucked in there of course and hung out a while.
I left smelling like an ashtray and at the time probably one of the only females in the bar along with the bartender.
I'm speaking from a tourist perspective here...but I'm not sure (besides happy hour) where else in the area you can get dollar beers, and three dollar fire ball shots so I'm down for the free drinks but I typically don't come to Vegas to hang out at a place like this.
But, if you're traveling on a budget...hit this place up to get the party started!

I'm a local Las Vegas gallery artist, this is my all time favorite bar.
The bartenders are all amazing except for the blonde, sad, plastic stuffed bartender that works there at night.
She is a horrible bartender, doesn't know simple math and isn't nice to look at even when your hammered.
If your there sit at mamasan's bar or brittney's bar.
Not the blonde!!!
There is also a obese Samoan dick head security guard there on weekends.

This is what I want when I come to Vegas and need a quick drink, satisfy a slight gambling itch at 5pm on a Friday, chill out for a few and get out of the Vegas heat, and enjoy some decent hard working folks.
Dive bar, $1 Michelob Ultra, Bud Light and Hot Dog for $2.50, nice bar tenders, decent video poker, and attached to a grocery/liquor store to allow me to restock on my way back to the hotel to get ready for the evening's adventures.
Will absolutely be back here while in Vegas again.

