Not the best dentist office.
Definitely had to wait some time before being seen.
I appreciated the directness of the dentist on if I should be getting an onlay.
In the end, in getting it or not getting it would lead to the same end result, a crown, so might as well wait.
I typically go to a different dentist office in N. Scottsdale and they seemed to always push preventive procedures, like the onlay.
The reason that I would return to the dentist in N. Scottsdale and not this one is because I felt the area where patients went looked dingy and dirty and I was very queasy about the dental assistant placing the x-ray bites in my mouth (used mouthwash like crazy when I got home!).
Also, they made it seem like they were doing me a favor cleaning my teeth and the teeth cleaning lasted for a short time where it felt like they only cleaned a couple of my teeth.
(Maybe I have really clean teeth though, who knows) The office I go to in N. Scottsdale uses a water pick thingy and they spend a decent amount of time going over all of my teeth.
I will not re-visit this office again (as like stated above, I've experienced better) but I do appreciate the dentist's second opinion on having an onlay done.

was not very pleased with my visit, I was made to wait longer than my Appt time by a half an hour showed up 15 min early for paper work so a total of 45 min,  only to be given a hard time because I didn't have  a not from my Dr because I was pregnant (which I asked if I needed when I made the appt and was told no) I then saw the Dr and was basically told they could do nothing for me I explained I was in a lot of pain and he didn't even give me a script for antibiotics to get rid of the infection from the abscess tooth, all they did was take one x ray and never even gave my mouth an exam.
Front lobby was dingy and not well kept the light in the bathroom was out and basically I really feel I was not treated as well as some of the other patients in the office.
( I felt like they catered specifically to the Latin population ) I will be looking for a different Dentists ASAP.
I can say one of the girls in the lobby who then also served as my hygienist was very sweet and that is why I gave them 2 starts instead of one.
But save yourself time and frustration go else where.

GREAT office, GREAT staff...
I have been with Palm dental for last 2 years.
Dr. Ash is More than Awesome.
I had pain for 3 years and every time i went to a Dentist they made my pain even worst until i found Dr Ash.
I had the best experience there and for last 2 years i had no pain.
I highly recommend him and his staff.

