I have to give these guys the highest marks.
I have been eating a no sugar, no flour diet for a while now (eating like a caveman!
), so I am used to getting the weird and annoyed looks when I ask what is in the food or salad dressing.
But I have to say these guys at Smashburger must have a corporate culture that teaches... "make the customer happy" and do it in a "happy way".
Everyone from top to bottom went out of there way to get my questions answered and give me sugestions on how to order to accommodate my eating style.
The food was good and fresh, and since they moved in right across the parking lot from my office, I will be eating there a lot.
They gave me a hint that you might want to try, if you want to avoid the salad dressing ask for the Smash Sauce (olive oil they use for the fries) that has some herbs already in it, then use the fresh lemon slices and make your own dressing.
Way to go Smashburger!

First time in and it was WONDERFUL!!!!
I will be back for sure!

This place is excellent!
I don't know what they put in their burger but I think they are the best I ever had!
Service was even better, The place was packed however took care of us very well!
I wish their new business years of success!
I am so excited to have a new restaurant like this close to us in NE Mesa!
Have the fried pickles you wont be disappointed!

Awesome visit!
It was super packed in there but the two cashiers got through the massive line quickly.
When it was our turn, the cashier Savannah was super nice and helpful!
Our food was fantastic and the employees that were bussing the tables were also really cheerful.
I will absolutely go back and tell all my friends in the process.
Go eat here!

Went to Smashburger last week with my dad for the first time.
That location just opened and he lives five minutes away.
He admitted that he's been there 5 times in the last 7 days!!!
I was very impressed.
Tasted like a burger I had in Beverly Hills for $50!
Very fresh, outstanding flavor.
The Smash fries were awesome also.
Nice environment.
A little noisy, but that adds to the experience.
The staff is all great; very attentive and all seem to truly be enjoying themselves.
The only very minor critique I could come up with is they need to find somewhere else to plug in their rechargeable vacuum cleaners; just looked a bit tacky near the public restrooms while the rest of the place is very polished; I'm guessing they're way ahead of me on this!
Will I be back?
You bet!
My only concern is that my dad will be having breakfast, lunch and dinner there!

Great burgers and fries, close to home.
Much better then 5 Guys.

We finally tried Smashburger, it's been the talk of the neighborhood.
Living in the vicinity and it's so exciting to have someplace new to try.......we couldn't get in the 1st few weeks, lines out the door.
We 1st tried calling in our orders, but the phones were constantly busy.
NOW...1st go on smashburger.com and join the smashburger club.
You will receive a coupon for a free entree, basically buy one burger, get one free.
Week 3-we decided we would order out, so we called in our order and they said it would be ready in 10 mins.
Yipppeeee!
We order the Classic, Truffle Mushroom Swiss and smash fries.
OMG....so delicious.
Now, we know what all the rave is about.
The burgers were cooked perfectly and everything including the bun was delicious.
One note...the fries were a little cold, but we nuked them for approx.
20-25 seconds...they were awesome.
The atmosphere is not that impressive, so take it to go.
The staff was very friendly and our order was ready when we got there.
We will be back now that we are in the smashburger club.
No special passwords or hand shakes needed.

burgers are good and the smash fries are the best

We finally went to Smashburger after our daughter told us how fantastic it was.
I wasn't convinced it was my kind of place.
But shame on me.
I love the fact you can pick your burger size.
And the rosemary and sea salt fries are beyond good.
Beer is cold.
Food is awesome.
Service is enthusiastic and friendly.
My kind of place after all.

Once you've tried a burger here, you'll never want a hamburger anywhere else!

I've been hearing about this place for awhile and I just don't see it.
Will take Five Guys over this place anytime.
The hamburger wasn't horrible, just so greasy, it was running down my arm.
I would expect this at the Heart Attack grill.
We also ordered the chili cheese fries.
Was told it was enough for two people, and there was three of us, so got one order.
That order of fries was about the size of a medium at McDonalds, and it was not much different from McDonalds either.
(other than the chili and cheese) For the price paid, ($33 for 3 hamburgers, drinks and 1 fries, I will pass on this place and head for Carls Jr or jack in the Box!

Good food, clean, with a friendly helpful staff.
Price seems a little high for the caliber of food.
Would give it 3.5 stars.

I am in the process of moving down to Arizona from Utah, where I first fell in love with Smashburger.
I love the flavor of their burger!
It was a bit of a drive from Gilbert, but well worth the trip.
My only complaint was that the counter girl who took my order was clearly not schooled in customer service and seemed disinterested in even being there...if that experience were to continue, I would likely not return often, as a smile and a greeting is the minimum standard that I expect for service, even at a burger joint.
Thankfully, the burgers were so good that I forgot all about the bad service at the counter, and enjoyed my meal.
In addition, there was a person who came by and brought my wife and mother-in-law complimentary lettuce and tomatoes for sandwiches that did not normally include those items, and did so at no charge.
I was very impressed with their desire to make us happy, which far outweighed the poor attitude of the teenage girl who took our order.
The regular fries and sweet potato fries were very good.
My mother-in-law had a chocolate shake, which she loved!
The prices are high for a burger joint, but in my opinion it is well worth it, just for the flavor...and I recommend the mushroom swiss burger  I love that I will be able to continue my love affair with Smashburger now that I live in Arizona!
Five stars from me!

Really, really good and fresh ingredients.
Feels a lot less greasy than other burger places.

Burger had a good home grilled taste, kids hot dog was good tasted like a Costco hot dog, smash fries had zero garlic taste, and the Az Cobb was very fresh but not exceptional.
Overall good food but not worth the money.
Did NOT have any ice cream but that did look good.

My first time to a Smashburger joint, and boy was I impressed.
I really wish this chain was where I live, near Seattle, WA.
A really good burger, fries, and a soda manages to stay under $10 (at least here in Mesa, AZ).
What makes Smashburger a cut above the likes of Five Guys and Fatburger?
It's one word - FRESH.
Everything with the burger is top quality, fresh ingredients.
The Arizona Burger had delicious and fresh tomato, onion, avocado, and chipotle mayo.
You can tell the burger patty is fresh and probably hand made, and the egg buns are great.
The fries are also a special treat, with olive oil, rosemary, and garlic.
Yummm!
Smashburger is truly "As good as it gets" for a burger joint!
Fatburger and Five Guys make pretty good burgers, just not as good as Smash... and only Five Guys comes close in the fries category.

Was in town for the weekend and needed a quick lunch.
I had the Arizona burger and the rosemary garlic fries.
All around a good burger and fries at a good price.
I'm a fan.

Love this place.
We've been here 6-8 times now and each time the food has been outstanding.
The teenager loves the Arizona burger (Habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipotle mayo and fresh jalapeños on a spicy chipotle bun.
) I've tried the Classic (which is perfect!
) and my newest favorite is the crispy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.
Smashfries (1/2 sweet potato and 1/2 regular potato) are addicting.
The only downside to this place is that I wish is was just a touch bigger - seating can sometimes be limited.
Great service too!

I'm sold!
Ordered take-out and everyone loved their burgers!
Superb black bean veggie burger.
Just really great food.

My first and second time to this restaurant where excellent.
Great Food , great beer, one of the best hamburger places you can choose Period.
Can't wait to go back!

Went there today with the family for the first time based on the great yelp review; well worth it!
The place is clean, the staff is friendly, and the food was excellent.
Definitely will go there again!

It is Smashburger, where they smash the lights out of your burger, throw a jalapeno on it and call it Arizona __something or another.
It's cool for a quick bite.
That's about it.

THE most Awesome Burger I have ever had at a restaurant!
If you are not Starving then don't order the Big size...its huge...but oh so juicy and delicious.
Thank goodness they provide a big stack of napkins at your table because you will need them.
One order of fries is plenty for two people too.
The restaurant was bright, clean, and packed!
The service was great...very friendly people.
And the food came to our table fast!
We will definitely be back :-)

This place is OK.
I love their burgers and I like how many toppings and combos they have.
However, I was a little annoyed the last time I went here because I asked for my arizona burger as a salad and it came on a plate with 1 leaf of lettuce and barely any guacamole.
I went back and said I'd be happy to pay for a bowl of lettuce, and instead I got a tiny side tray of greens.
My burger was still pretty good, but I was annoyed that I wasn't able to get what I'd asked for.
How hard is it to have a "burger in a bowl" option?
And you'd think with all the gluten-free/low-carb customers smash burger must have that they would make this option convenient and appealing to their customers, instead of just plopping meat patties onto plates.

Downgraded to four stars, because they messed with my favorite burger and turned the mushroom swiss into a truffle burger of some kind.
If you like the more pungent, earthly taste of truffles, then maybe this burger is for you.
I do not.
So, while I still like the other menu choices, the old mushroom swiss flavor was my favorite...not any more.

My fav burger place!
Love the smash fries!

Is there a better burger joint in AZ?
I think NOT!

This place not bad.
Pretty good for a burger place.
Burgers were delish!
I got the bacon cheeseburger  on multigrain bread.
Really yummy!
The reg fries were good.
Don't bother ordering the shoe string onion things ..
They're freaking oily and a waste of money.
The rosemary fries are ok but too too oily.
The prices are ok a bit much for a burger.
$5.99 for bacon cheeseburger $2.99 for reg fries.
$6.99 I believe for the bigger version of the AZ burger which my bf said was pretty good.

Smashburger, how do I love thee?
Let me count the ways: I love your rosemary sweet potato fries.
I love your AZ burger and the fresh jalapeños.
I love your grilled AZ salad- freaking awesome.
And lastly, My kids would kill/maim for your new mint Oreo shake.
Smashburger, we're going to have a long and lovely relationship.

Smashburger is a wonderful place for a great burger.
We used to go Fuddruckers but now go to Smashburger.
My wife and I split the Big Burger with grilled onions, lettuce and tomato.
the Burger tastes wonderful.
You do not need to add Ketchup or anything else to it.
The big burger is plenty for the two of us.
The regular fries are thin and nice and crisp.
I am not a fan of sweet potato fries but my wife says that they are excellent.
We probably go at least once a week.
I complete the on-line survey and get my fries for free.
The Grandkids are fans also.
The staff are always warm and friendly.
The only thing that would make us happier is if they offered 1/2 regular and 1/2 sweet potato fries.

Went for the first time the other day and I'm addicted.
Fries and a regular-sized burger will run you about $10, but it's absolutely worth it.
The sweet potato fries were perfect and I'm still having day dreams about the burger days later.
Perfectly greasy and flavorful patty, perfectly melted cheese, and that bun - the carb addict in me couldn't be happier.
Can't wait to go back, and I'll definitely be getting a milkshake next time... you can get it in Nutter Butter flavor.
This was a thing I didn't know I needed, but now I really need it.
Oh yeah, and the service was great.
Everyone was cheerful and friendly.
Couldn't ask for more.

5 stars for the dark haired man working the cash register.
I'd buy a truckload of burgers and fries from him any day.
I don't think he would fit in my take out bag.
Yes, great restaurant....excellent service, clean & organized restaurant, and great tasting food!

Oh Smashburger...where have you been all my life???
I would say these are the best burgers ever!
So juicy and so delicious!
The haystack onion rings and regular fries are great.
The garlic rosemary fries are okay, just not my cup of tea.
Shakes are delicious.
I haven't tried it but they also serve alcohol here, you can't beat a burger and a drink!
Now for the service.
The dark haired girl at the register could use some lessons in delivery/communication.
She came off super snotty.
I don't think that was her intention, she is young so that may be the reason.
There was a runner in the dining area named Alexis (I think) and she was AMAZING!
She was super helpful and very friendly...you're going places Ms. Alexis, keep up the good work.
Bottom Line: Super awesome burgers, check this place out for sure.
Try one with an egg or with avacado, it makes the burger even better!
Yummy!

Love this place.
It's very busy, though, and you can expect a wait: especially if you go on a Friday or Saturday.
Good luck finding parking!
The staff are friendly and courteous, the restaurant is clean, and the food is superb.
May I recommend the avocado bacon burger with bleu cheese and a side of haystack onions?
The buns are soft and fresh and the meat is flavorful.
I'm not a huge fan of the fries - they are the skinny kind and I prefer something thick, but when you can have haystack onions instead for 30 cents more, who cares?

With all the 5 star ratings I was really keyed up to try a Smashburger.
Here's what I found: +'s  My burger was cooked to perfection,(if you don't care for pink in the middle, ask for well done) the onion, lettuce & tomato was fresh & crisp.
We liked the hamburger bun.
Three kinds of tea!
Clean booths and the music was at a level that we could talk to each other.
The service was friendly and helpful..   -'s:  Great fries can make up for a lame burger and maybe fair service, but  little inch long or shorter matchstick fries are the ruin of a good burger place..
The smash fries aren't anything extra and we wound up dunking them and our fingers in ketchup.
Over $17.00 for 2 burgers,a rather small order of fries and an ice tea.
We lucked out on parking.
I can see that parking would be an issue where they are busy.
Wish we had tried the haystack onion rings.
No Veterans discount.
I signed up on the internet for the Smashclub and was hoping for a discount coupon, Didn't happen  Wanted to give a four, but there are better out these at about half the price.

The food is really good, but we had one big complaint.
We tried calling their phone to order take out ahead of time, and it was constantly busy.
We decided to drive down and make the order at the shop.
The line was long, and we decided to try calling again, to see if they picked up the phone.
We STILL got the busy signal, but THERE WAS NO ONE IN THE KITCHEN USING A PHONE.
We're starting to think that during their busy rushes they keep the phone off the hook to avoid taking phone orders, because this is not the first time we haven't been able to get through on their phone.
This is a horrible business practice.

I don't know what all the fuss is about, burgers are boring , the fries are basic the smash fries have way too much rosemary .
Two burgers and one order of fries almost $17 , no thanks

Love the olive oil fries and great tasty burgers.
The bad is the prices, they can be a bit pricey.

Best burger spot around the area.
Great service,  tasty burgers, and the prices aren't bad

Solid burgers.
Really like the bread and topping options.
Always served hot.
They do a nice chicken sandwich for health conscious days.
Very good shakes as well.
The herbal iced tea is a rare find and is a nice blend w a hint of spice

