I've been here on 3 separate occasions and have been seen by 3 different techs.
On my 1st visit, my tech was a man who had a thumb nail missing on his right hand (sorry, I didn't get his name).
The pedicure was good and the massage that went with it had just the right amount of pressure.
Now to my hands.
He was very particular on how my elbows were positioned.
He kept repositioning them.
I found that odd and annoying.
My 2nd visit was with Tricia (if I was solely basing my rating on her, I would have given it 5 stars).
She was very good.
She worked quickly and seemed to be quite the perfectionist.
My nails with her lasted almost 5 weeks without a single lift, even with painting the house and doing some spring cleaning.
For my 3rd visit, I called and asked for Tricia, but she was off.
What nail tech takes Sunday off?
(Well, good for her) So, I walked in and hoped for the best.
I ended  up with Ivy.
She has a permanent pleasant 'smile' on her face.
The massage part of the pedicure was weak and my nails were thicker than I like, but the experience was still a good one.
This is your typical nail salon, with nice decor and two tv's on the wall.
There are quite a few nail stations with probably just as many pedicure stations, maybe 10 or so.
I normally bring my own polish for my toes, but from what I can see, they do have a large selection.
They always seem busy, but people don't seem to wait any longer than 10 minutes.

I've been here three times and have no complaints!
I like this place a lot more than Red Persimmon.
First time was a walk-in and they got me seated in 10mins with Tram who did an amazing job.
Next trip, Tram wasn't there so I had Cindy who I plan on going back to from now on, though after observing the techs next to us and their happy clients, it's safe to say this place has good people!
Mani's are always done carefully and not rushed through - no accidental pokes here:P  They also have the UV light that's quicker than other shops and they are for individual hands so you don't have to think about not touching your nails together.
For gel mani its $35 and for gel mani and regular pedi I hashed out $60.
Walk ins seem to be accommodated very well and the wait is about 10-15mins.
I just wish I knew how to operate those massage chairs for the pedi :/ LOL They also accept cards without extra fees!

Favorite place for a mani/pedi!
I've been going here for over a year now & my experience is always great.
Ivy used to do my nails & she was amazing & super friendly but she doesn't work here anymore.
So now my go to nail technician is Tricia!
She does a great job & takes her time!
Even when there's other customers waiting I don't feel like I am being rushed.
My pedicures with regular nail polish last about 3 weeks & my gel mani can stay on for as long as a month.
I usually don't bother messing with massage chairs when I get a pedi but the chairs they have here are pretty comfy & massage well.
The massage during the pedi is great too.
It doesn't feel like they're just applying lotion to my legs.
I usually make an appointment but even when doing a walk-in I've never waited longer than 10 mins.

I will never come here again.
I paid $55 plus tip for a full set of gel nails yesterday.
I had to come back today to have them fixed because the metallic stripe fell off in the shower.
Also, my daughter got her nails painted and on one nail, the polish was so thick that it wasn't dry an hour later.
I had to have the nail tech remove all the polish from that nail and re-paint it.
A simple manicure (paint only) took almost 2 hours!

Deluxe with extra massage was the most awesome.
The service, the place, the overall was excellent.
I was visiting from out of town and they took us right in on a Sunday.
We will be back!!

It was my first time in and I must say I think I found a place that makes me happy, lol.
It's not far from where I live, and the lady (think her name was Cindy or Mindy or something) was amazing.
Did my gel pedicure, gel fill, and waxing in an hour and a half and did a great job.
She didn't talk to me, (which I loved since I'm here to relax, not make friends) and she was very professional and gave me exactly what I wanted and constantly asked if I liked how it was turning out before it was too late.
Ill definitely be back!

I was in the neighborhood after a doctors appointment.
I decided to try this area out.
Walked in they were rude, walked back out and went somewhere else.
They were also very dirty so that was a huge factor in me leaving as well

First time here to get a pedi.
Since its closer to me I gave it a try.
I waited about 5 minutes so I ran to Starbucks to get a drink.
I got back and sat in the massage chair.
The water temp was lukewarm.
I had to figure out the massage chair on my own.
My normal place sets it for me.
The tech was friendly but no speak a English I think.
Starting June 2014 they will add $1 for credit/debit charges.
My pedi was $30, $25 for pedi and $5 for skin removal with the cheese grater...lol.
Not bad on the pricing.
Clean store.
It was an hour before closing and all techs were busy with 3 people waiting.
I was satisfied.

USED to be a loyal customer here.
Today I went in for a pedicure and manicure and was given a male tech..
I had to ask 3 times for warmer water, never got it.
My tech didn't understand English, which became irritating when having to wait for another tech to translate our conversation.
My massage was short, the length of Justin Timberlake's TKO song which is barely 5 minutes long.
I treat myself to pedicures and the best part of the pedicure is the massage, I tip them even more when it's a good massage and was very disappointed today.
Any other time I got a pedicure at this salon I had callus remover and a good scrub, today that was also not given.
This was a totally different, half assed pedicure that I have never received from this salon before.
His tools were dirty to me and over all the salon is dirty especially compared to other salons I've been to, another big turn off with this place.
New tools should be taken out for any nail job, EVERY TIME.
I called the salon manager  to explain my disappointment in my service today and she was extremely rude back to me.
From here on out, I will be driving an extra 10 minutes to Haute Nails on  6640 Durango Dr  702-586-0888

