Me: "Do I need a stamp to get back in?
"  Ticket taker: "you can get a wrist band at the snack bar, it's $2"  Avoid this venue if you can

I've been to this venue plenty of times.
It's small, but snacks and drinks are cheap and parking is free unlike the Marquee.
The only thing I don't like is that they charge for wristbands to leave the venue and come back in.
Shouldn't a ticket stub or stamp suffice?

If John Lennon and George Harrison rose from the dead to play one more Beatles concert at the Nile, I wouldn't go.
It was easily 90 degrees inside and they actually have the audacity to charge $2 for a re-entry wristband.

My daughter and I went here for a show three years ago, and it was so awful that we still talk about just how terrible it was.
It's our benchmark for how horrible a concert experience can be.
It was easily 90 degrees inside the venue, and that is a conservative estimate.
There were several opening bands, so we thought we'd get some fresh air before the headliner.
Nope.
After PAYING for a reentry wristband, our choices were to stand in the alley by the front door and smell the dumpster, or move around the corner and smell the cigarette smoke of all the smokers who didn't want to smell the dumpster.
We chose the smoke, only because there were benches over there.
The combination of the heat and the stench made my daughter sick, so she got to throw up in the filthy bathroom a couple of times.
I tried to get her to leave but she had her heart set on seeing the band.
Finally, 3+ hours after we got there, we got to see the band we went there to see.
They were great, but I just couldn't enjoy it at that point.
I was hot and tired, and feeling ill myself.
I've never been so happy for a show to be over.
Avoid this place like the plague.
Like the clap.
Like a Kardashian.
Stay far, far away.

My favorite venue.
We don't have any good venues on the west side so I'll willingly drive thirty minutes out of my way to come here.
It's an all around great venue with the big shows being upstairs ( The Nile) and the smaller, more intimate shows downstairs (The Underground).
The staff are great and treat the musicians insanely well which is rare in this state.
From the perspective of an audience member and musician who has played and gone to shows at this venue for years I'd recommend going to a show out at this place or booking a show here.

The Nile Theater is the only REAL venue to experience music at.
Been going there since I was 13 years old, I wouldn't change a thing!

So full disclosure: I used to give away tickets and advertise shows on a radio show I did a while ago.
However, I still believe I'm being as fair as possible.
This is hands down the best venue in the state in terms of intimacy.
The upstairs room has played host to some of the best shows I've ever seen (Converge, BTBAM, etc).
These shows are made better by the lack of a barrier between the stage and the crowd.
This idea of being up close is an experience I cannot replicate.
The downstairs part (called the Underground) is even better.
It gets sweltering hot down there.
However, the shows that go on down there are only aided by that - they get fairly intense!
There is no alcohol.
However, what they do sell (water, snacks, drinks, etc) is actually sold at a fair price in comparison to other venues.
The venue owners and staff treat everyone like human beings and they really take care of the bands and people who go there.
The prices for the shows booked here are also pretty cheap from either of the booking companies that book here (Mantooth or Kollective).
The reason why I am docking a star comes down to two reasons: the first is there isn't an easy way for disabled folks to get to the Underground.
The other reason comes down to the stage layout - some shows have had to cut out their production because there wasn't the capability to do so, particularly if they had projection screens and the like.
However, I believe that the intimacy that the venue provides is worth some of that production being cut out.
Overall, I do believe that this is the best venue in the state.
I've been to almost all of them that metal shows play at, and every venue equal to it has shut down or has dropped off in quality (with the exception of the Yucca Tap Room).
The shows are great, the people who book for the venue are genuine and kind to everyone, and all of the shows that I've seen there fail to disappoint - the staff goes out of their way to provide a good time.
If a band you like plays there, you can rest assured that you'll have a good time and it won't cost you an arm and a leg to have fun.

Okay so here's the deal.
As someone who has been to tons of shows, ran shows, played shows in many different venues, and has a background in audio engineering: this venue in terms of sound is one of the worst places ever.
Half the speakers are damaged, the FOH engineer makes bands sound horrible, and the overall acoustics for this venue are some of the worst I have heard across the United States.
As an actual venue, it's a neat little place.
Depending on the security guard, they can be nice or terrible.
The head of security is a total douchebag to men most of the time.
Playing shows here is even worse than seeing them.
If the owners of The Nile would just invest a little money in some acoustic treatment, and just fix up a few things here and there, it would be an amazing venue to see bands.
I like the layout of the venue and the look.
But I have yet to hear a band sound good here.
Even national touring bands I've seen at other venues sound terrible here.
So The Nile should keep the vibe, and fix the sound.
I personally would pay a little more for tickets if it meant a better sounding show.
I try and avoid shows here as much as possible.

There's a separate entry for the basement of this venue, "The Underground", so I'm just focusing on the ground floor venue here.
First of all, I don't have a problem with the entry/staff/security of this place.
Getting in is relatively easy compared to some other venues around the Phoenix area.
There's no bar, so that's something that's important to know if you're expecting that kind of thing, but to me I'm usually going to see the band first and foremost, so I don't really have a problem with it.
The interior of the venue isn't bad.
It's a bit of a dive but not excessively so.
It can get really hot in here, but that's sort of par for the course for AZ venues like this one.
It's a bit more stagnant than a place like Marquee though even in the summer because there doesn't seem to be much air running through the place (Marquee usually at least has a few huge fans set up in certain places).
I'll have to echo a few of the other reviewers here.
Where this place takes the hit is in the acoustics category.
I came to see the hardcore/metalcore band Converge here.
The band itself thrives on having a raw sound, but even with that in mind the acoustics still brought the sound down in a big way.
I can't even imagine what it would sound like to hear a band with a more refined sound in this place.
I can't speak for the place having bad/broken speakers like the other reviewer did.
To me, the sound issues seem to come mostly from audio reflections off the walls, but I'm no expert.
2 stars is a pretty low rating to give for mostly just the one problem, but it's the most important aspect of a musical venue.
I'd take expensive drinks, shoes-off security pat-downs, and more expensive entry if it meant the bands would actually sound decent.
I'm not saying you should avoid this venue completely, but I would only go if it's a band you truly don't want to miss.
And even then, be prepared for a show that doesn't really sound all that great.

Pretty sure no one reviewing this place has ever been to a venue before.
Or maybe its just me.
Staff is pretty Rad, and always books good tours and packages, great for the local scene and a good place for bands to get their chops.
Sound upstairs and downstairs is usually excellent, and although it gets hot in the summer its always a good time.
Anyone complaining about the sound (looks like alot of you) is probably in one of the local bands who cant play their instruments or one of the touring primadonnas who aren't sure how to do a proper sound check or work a mixing board.
Overall great place, and one of the last true DIY venues in the country.

Broken sound system, dirty, $2 to get a wrist band for re-entry, dead crowd every time, BUT -- where else can local bands play?

We did a show there the other night with Hopsin.
The sound wasn't so great in that place, but i talked with the guy throwing the show and he did state they are cheaper then most venues for the capacity.
He also stated he had to rent his own speakers etc due to their lack of a good sound system.
All in all the place was ran pretty well.
No alcohol was served , which is fine with me as i  don't drink.
Not sure if they ever serve alcohol or not.
I did like the cool underground stage, made for a great green room area and would be perfect for an underground hip hop show or even video shoot.

Ticket prices aren't too steep, but maybe that's because they realize how awful and douchey their venue is.
For a theater the size and feel of Home Depot, they have a badly-directioned, tinny and small sound setup.
The attitude of the bouncers depends on the alignment of far-off star systems it seems.
Sometimes they openly deride and bully kids and other times they're nice, helpful and don't treat you like a prison inmate like at the Marquee.
Also, I guess the high school goth girls they have running the box office/tickets are too cute to clean ANYTHING there or they're too cheap to hire some sort of janitorial service, because holy christ I've never seen more disgusting bathrooms and floors and lobby.
I know it's a RAWK venue but they also pride themselves on continuing the tradition of the theater space on their website.
But really, as nearly every other review has stated: $2 just to go out and smoke or take your merch to the car or do whatever the hell you'd like to do?
That's just ridiculous.
It serves absolutely no other purpose than to make money.
The Nile IS a predominately teenager-dominated venue and the kids deserve better.
They're locked in enough at school by bully enforcement authority figures.
They don't need the possible best nights of their young lives ruled by that too.
Still, the Nile isn't all bad.
They book great acts, many small and up and coming and that's admirable.
They just need to respect their CUSTOMERS and the kids whose lives are maybe being changed there every night.

The staff is fun and friendly.
The sound is great, and the house music that is played between bands is awesome, which makes the usual standing around between bands fun and much more bearable.
This is BY FAR my favorite venue in the valley!

The staff seems nice but with lack of air conditioning the experience is just awful.
We came to see BTBAM but had to leave before the band went on.
Wish we would have known about this before we wasted money on this show.
Thanks for the heat stroke.

I went there once and will never go back.
It's an okay venue to see a show, sound wasn't as bad as I've seen other reviewers complain about and the $2 to buy a wrist band for reentry is a joke.
If you dare to go be careful where you park.
I made the mistake of parking in the parking lot of the tow company that is next to the Nile.
Although it says restricted parking it doesn't state for which business, I didn't even see the tow company was there as it's the back of the building, I thought I was in The Nile's parking lot.
After I found out my car was towed one of the security guards said it was announced during the show which car's where being towed, it wasn't just a random announcement about cars in the gravel and my car wasn't.
This is a total scam, the tow company towed about ten cars that night.
It cost me $300 to get my car back.
Since I am disabled and unemployed this has been a tremendous burden on me and my son.
Originally the security guards said they would pay to get my car back, but since the owner wouldn't release the car that night they didn't.
A terrible experience all around.

