Fabulous experience, my photos turned out perfect.
The quality was amazing.
I'll be returning for all my future printing needs.

Great customer service and great quality work.
Some of the other print places in the valley had really high prices but they have reasonable prices and awesome customer service.
Both Dieter and Paul have helped me (the owner and general manager) and they clearly care about their customers and products.
Dieter even helped me out to my car to carry the painting when I had my two kids.
We will be using them for all our printing and photography needs!
(they photographed oil paintings for us that we are having made into prints)

Phoenix Photo Lab is the most professional place to get your digital files printed.
Excellent customer service with efficient turnaround time.
Paul who owns the place and Dieter who helps manage the shop are friendly and take the the time to understand the print project.
They gave my prints individual attention.
They are perfectionists.
You will not find a more well priced service for the quality of work.

These guys are really amazing and I would give them my highest recommendation for any of your photo needs!
I have been working with them on a project to scan and digitize all of our family photos...approximately 4,000 photos.
They are the only company I will go to for all of my photo needs.
I would highly recommend them for the quality of their work and as an added bonus they are really great to work with!
5 stars all the way around!!

These folks are top-notch.
I had one of my images printed here and then framed, and they did a wonderful job.
Alice, the framer, is a real pro and spent a lot of time with me making sure everything was right, and the final product was spectacular.
I'm very happy with their work and I'll be back.

Customer service is awesome here!
They will sit and have all the patience in the world for ya while going threw all the details needed in your orders.
Prints came out nice.
I would totally recommend if your looking for a solid printing company.

