Been to WISH twice since they opened, Great name...Whats your wish?
Finally a great place for locals close to the strip but also just FAR enough away, cool vibe, great music and great off the strip prices with plenty of parking!
Close to my home to go out for a drink or stop in for a drink and unwind on my way home!

Wish is definitely the best new spot for locals in Vegas!!
I've been there twice now & recommend everyone checks it out local OR not!
Awesome atmosphere, good music AND reasonable drink cost!!
Not to mention no cover charge at the door!
FOR ANYONE!!
Also, bottle service is affordable @ Wish.
(Talk to Jeff, he'll take care of you)  I will definitely be going back!

Wish is definitely the best new locals spot in Vegas.
If you are tired of Blue Martini, you have to check out Wish!
Everyone there is so friendly.
Jeff (the owner) does a great job of making everyone feel special.
Next time you're thinking of the perfect spot to hit in Vegas, be sure to check out Wish.

If you're looking for a good place without all of the hype and pretentiousness of a typical vegas lounge, this is the place to go.
Chill seats and cheap drinks, what more do you want?

Awesome space.
Bartenders & staff were super nice!
Excited to see the venue when I'm not so busy NERDY DANCING...

Thank you...Thank you...Thank you  A big shout out to Jeff the Man In Charge of this beautiful, sexy, classy, dark, fun bar and lounge!
They make some great drinks and the beer on tap is nice and cold!
I attended a Yelp event here and was really impressed with this Amazing Sexy space that has such a cool vibe!
The staff is Fantastic!
I never knew of this charming bar and lounge until now and we will be back for sure!
It is cool, has a great bar and bartenders as well as a nice area to dance and is just Sexy Sexy Sexy inside!
We will be stopping by again for a drink or perhaps some bottle service.
This is a WIN for us locals and visitors!
A big thank you to Wish Lounge for being so Kick Ass!
-Nikki :)

Thank you Wish for opening a fun spot for locals to go.
Your staff is friendly and outgoing.
I have been a guest twice and will definitely be back soon!
It's really nice to have a place to go to have fun where you meet other locals.
The decor in Wish is unique and the music is great.

I have been to many clubs and lounges, on the Strip and off, and Wish has become one of my new favorites.
The interior design was great.
You walk in and the bar right in front to get some drinks before making your way inside.
As you walk up towards the DJ, you have lounging areas on the sides which leave plenty of dance space in the middle.
Don't have to worry about people going crazy around your seats as they tend to migrate towards the center.
As for their sound system and quality, Wish has one of the best I've heard out here.
Loud enough to party, but not overbearing to be annoyed with through the night.
Wish is a great spot for locals, but check it out even if your visiting, it won't disappoint.

Wow!
first off let me say this place is beautiful!
The interior is very plush, and on par with some of the mega-clubs on the strip.
The prices are very reasonable (think i was paying around 5 bucks a drink).
Its a very non-hassle environment, you walk right in and there are places to sit down WITHOUT getting bottle service, this is something vegas defiantly needed.
GREAT JOB!

Wish has a Wednesday night brunch that starts at 3am.
I had never heard of the place but we ended up here with our LAX hosts one night and it was a lot of fun.
The location is on Las Vegas Blvd but farther south than the majority of the casinos so it's really more of a locals spot.
Wish has a nice atmosphere, decent music, and yummy mimosas!
Check it out for something different.
It's also open on the weekends.

I still kick myself for missing Nerdy Dancing II.
After reading everyone's review of the event, I was hoping to see what I had missed.
With the right themes, this is a fantastic venue.
It is spacious and gorgeous.
The dance floors are broken into two areas.
The main one with the dj is a waste since the stage protrudes so far into the floor.
With a band this would make more sense, but in this capacity it was ridiculous.
I was unsure if the second one was meant for dancing or not until the manager made a comment about having a huge dance floor and we were dancing in the hallway.

This was the last stop on the 3-UYE tour.
We haven't been back ever since Nerdy Dancing 2, so we were ready to dance the night away.
At the door, we ran into Fellow Yelper Nikki H. and her man, and we navigated the crowd to see where the rest of our party was hanging out.
We met up with Justin, Janel, Erica, and Sarah Marie who were shakin' it up front.
Looking around, we all realized we kinda sorta crashed a party for Plush(Big and Beautiful Women).
Wish nightclub had been transformed into Plush Nightclub, and I think they didn't mind a few Yelpers coming by to get our dance on, as everyone else around us were hella bumpin' and grindin' and totally backin' that thang up!
We hung out by the bar area later with Christina, Arvin, David, Stephanie, and Michael until we were ready to call it a long, fun filled evening with good times and great peeps...ALOHA!!!
YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(26/100) "Nerdy Dancing 2.5!?!?!?!

So came down here on a Friday night to check out the local scene.
Well the NO COVER advertisement is a lie and no one was even here.

Cute nightclub off the strip with and friendly staff.
I would definitely go and check it out again!

Great night life ..music and  atmosphere are off the hook!
this is why its Vegas baby!

We had only been here one other time for a private Yelp event and still find this place to be a great place to meet up with friends.
We came here after leaving a different club and found ourselves crashing a "Plush Party" which I guess takes place on Friday nights.
It really felt like a great big party more than club setting which was very welcomed.
Although located at one end of the strip it seems to fill up with locals making this place a great place to dance the night away

