Great customer service, friendly office staff and knowledgable technicians..they replaced my windshield without any problems..
I would definately recommend them to anyone..

Accommodating, fast and friendly!
they cam to my house and only had me out of my truck for 30 minutes.
Would highly recommend them to anyone.
Marc

Adrian did a fantastic job installing the windshield on my 2005 Corvette.
Everyone at Universal was very friendly and accommodating.
They worked with my insurance without any issues whatsoever.
From my initial inquiry, to the post install followup call, they were informative, knowledgeable, and professional.
I would recommend them to anyone who needs auto glass work.

So a windshield repair pretty much goes well... or it does not.
From the start this process was efficient and painless.
The appointment process of friendly and efficient and completed in less than 7-8 minutes (more than 1/2 that time was taken by insurance company verification procedures and not by Universal Glass!).
The tech (Dennis) came out ON TIME.
He identified himself appropriately and informed me of what was going to happen.
After a few minutes he rang the doorbell again to inform me of a piece of trim that was broken.
I knew it was already broken and told him so.
30 minutes later he rang the doorbell again and indicated the job was done (the exact time he said it was going to take).
He also fixed the little trim piece that was broken.
Nice touch.

Vince replaced our windshield on 5/29/13 - We have full glass coverage, so no money out of pocket.....
The technician arrived on time, and  completed the job earlier than estimated.
Not much else to say - Very professional, and we would definately use this company again.
A no BS experience, with a minimal amount of effort on our part.
Period.

I just had my windsheild replacee earlier this month.
I called around a couple of places and got absolutely outrageous quotes.
When I called for a quote from Universal Glass, the man on the phone actually seemed like he cared.
He even asked what prices I found and matched my lowest price even after giving me his quote.
I told him I would pay his quote because it was more than resonable.
He said he could have someone out on Monday.
I didn't make my decision quite yet so I said I would call him back.
I was waiting to hear from some other places.
He was also very knowledgeable about the glass that would be installed in my car and was more than happy to answer any of the questions I had.
Before hearing from other places, he called me back apologizing that he misspoke about being able to  have someone come out on Monday but he could for Tuesday and that he would honor the lowest price I found.
I was pleasantly shocked at the fact that he called me back  and was persistant that he would only charge me the lowest price I found that day.
I decided right then and there, and made an appointment.
They were on time, fast and efficient.
They even gave a follow up call and assured me that I can call back if I had any other questions or concerns.
I was extremely happy with the service I received with this company and if the glass lasts (:-P)  I will definitely call them back if i need another replacement for that car or any other vehicles I own.

Lady I spoke with was really great and gave us all the information we needed.
Decided to choose them for our glass needs.
The day of the appointment scheduled, no one shows up so I called.
Apparently I wasn't in the system.
Incredibly disappointed.

Was happy with the service they provided.
Called them on the weekend and had an immediate response from them.
They came out the Monday and gave me a quote.
Steve said Door needed to be  replaced so we did not have window repaired.
Thanks for the quick response.

Friendly customer service, and the technician was professional and did a great job.
My windshield looks great, and I'm very picky about my truck.
Would definitely recommend.

Called Universal one day for windshield replacement.
They came out the next day.
Service provider was very courteous, professional and efficient.
Price was reasonable and very fair for product and service delivered.
Only downside is service tech could not provide a receipt for the cash payment.
Not a big deal unless you had a problem in the future.
I will call this business again when I need a windshield.

