A fine local establishment off of Roosevelt St and an active participant in First Friday in Downtown Phoenix.
Known for live glass blowing and having a DJ out back.
The store inside has a great variety of  merchandise to keep their clientele happy.
The newest edition and collaboration with the artist community are the painted ceiling panels.
Take some time and explore the store.
Be sure to look for the sandwich boards along Roosevelt St as well as Central Ave when in search of Bud's.
Open your mind :)

This place is legit.
Stopped by to get a new bowl for my "water pipe", and couldn't be more pleased.
All their pieces are made by local Arizona glass blowers, and they are apparently a talented bunch.
The intricate designs and little aspects of my bowl really make it stand out and catch your eye.
What's more is they offer my favorite blend of american spirit cigarettes and at a cheaper rate than circle jerk.
I checked in using my yelp app and also got 20% off of my purchase, what's not to love?
Don't pass up this joint bud.

Yelp was kind enough to direct me to this fine establishment the last time I was in AZ and Ive never stopped thanking them since!
Even driving to the shop the neighborhood is to artistic and appealing to the wondering eye.
I loved everything about this shop!
Bud was so helpful and full of information in regards to helping us place an order for custom blown glass!
I have searched far an wide for a shop like this through out San Diego all the way up the west coast and never found anything that compared.
Every pipe is it's own true piece of art, much like everything else there!
If you are looking for the best experience and possibly even just a smile on your face, stop in and say HI to Bud.
It'll make your day.

A nice clean place for your CenPho smoking supplies.
The owner is always behind the counter, super nice guy and he knows his products!
Oh yeah!
Great prices to boot!
Big ups!

The owner is extremely knowledgeable and friendly.
The shop is clean and the product selection is amazing.
I'm even more impressed at the effort to showcase local products AND art.
I work on Roosevelt Row and I'm very glad to have them as a new neighbor.
: )

Friendly, down-to-Earth owner aided me at counter.
Aided me in proper Kratom selection; (I threw out my back severely and didn't want to deal with Urgent Care hell).
Shop was cozy, easy parking, convenient off Freeway, well organized, and crammed with lots of variety.
Has a more sophisticated and mature feel to it than other head shops, making you feel like you're in a respectable establishment more than like you're going into some adult video store with some wasted kids running it (the vibe I get from other head shops).
Will likely be my place of choice in the future, and highly recommend.

This is THE Phoenix smoke shop.
I knew I was in good hands when I saw the selection and the knowledgeable and friendly staff.
They gave me a few free screens and even a sample of an herbal blend the owner had been working on.
The pipes are easy to view and are organized by the "manufacturer.
" I use that in quotes because all the pipes there appear to be from local artists.
I know people will see a lot of shops around and may have difficulty choosing, but do what I did: make Bud's Glass Joint your first, last and only shop.

As a self professed conneseur of head shops and all things related, I can honestly say that Bud's has the elements that make head shops important and fun to patronize.
A supporter of the community, a giver of genuine advice/recommendations, a carrier of quality products, a purveyor of value, a positive staple and lynchpin of their street, a thrower of killer parties/shows, and a balanced activist with a sense of decorum that can ONLY come from years of experience in the business.
As a native Phoenician, I've been going to and purchasing from head/pipe shops all around the valley for the better portion of my life, and I can easily say, that Bud's Glass Joint is truly THE SHiT.
Whoop.

Beautiful, artistic designs made by local artisans.
Exciting inventory of unique items.
Excellent business practices.
A credit to the downtown arts community.

Awesome head shop in Phoenix.
Supports local glass blowers and have some great products at reasonable prices.
Their employees are super chill and knowledgeable.
Highly recommend!

