Decent pizza place to go to.
The pizza itself tasted ok, I'm not entirely sure though on how fresh it tasted.
The toppings did not seem to really stand out.
After eating the pizza I got kind of sick but I don't necessarily blame the pizza.
Maybe it was too much eating out or perhaps those waffles I had for breakfast.
o_O

Went to lunch today at Pop's Pizza and it was great!
I got the veggie pizza and the bf got a meat Stromboli.
Both were delicious!

The dough on Pops Pizza is very light.
The way crust should be!
It has its own signature style and taste and I love it!
Whenever I'm on the strip, this is where I come for a Pie!!!
Polite Staff, very accommodating :)

Meh- nothing special except that its walking distance from Mandalay Bay...

Good quick pizza here!
Pizza crust is not too thick, but not cracker thin, just right.
And the sauce is yummy too.
Nice small strip eatery, next to the McDonalds across the street from Manadalay Bay.
Locally owned and operated which is always nice to see!!
The missing 5th star is because the salad could use some work, it's iceberg lettuce (yuck) with mozarella, onions and tomatos - although the raspberry vinaigrette was tasty!
They have a combo deal - $7.95 for two slices of cheese ($0.50 upcharge for other toppings) and a drink or one slice, a salad and a drink.
Oh!
And the tiramisu and cheese cake are delicious!!
They're open till 1AM during the week, 3 AM on weekends.
It's really pretty busy around lunch time with a mix local folks stopping in for lunch and tourists looking good quick pizza at a nice price!

Pizza here is so good!
Fresh and ready to go:) The crust is to die for!
:) You've gotta try the garlic knots as well!
The employees were very helpful and accomadating.
We'll be back :)

Pretty good for the price but nothing to write home about.
Pop's was across from my hotel (Mandalay Bay) and I wasn't in the mood for a $40-100 meal so I found pop's on yelp and walked over.
7.95 for a slice of cheese,  side salad and a 21oz drink.
.. not bad for Vegas.
Pizza was decent but it was fresh out of the oven hot.
It's kinda hard to mess up or judge a slice of cheese lol.
The salad was fresh and the ranch was yummy.
I also ordered garlic Knotts 5 for 2.99 sooo good.
If you want cheap and fast and your down on that end of strip, it's worth a try.

Imagine being really drunk and tired of walking and your staying at mad bay and you hungry boom bam bing order some pizza makes you the happiest person alive.

Went there after recovering from a long night at edc and didn't want to wait for a long line at a buffet or restaurant.
Super bomb pizza for my tasting and definitely good size slices for the price.
Customer service was awesome especially with Nikki (sorry if misspelled) as she was very polite and answered some questions about cool things in the area.
Atmosphere was very laid back as there was also a TV to watch the game.
Definitely reccomend and probably will return ;)

Need a break from the super pricey Vegas Strip that eats a hole into your wallet?
Pop's is a breath of fresh air with its decent pizza at a reasonable price.
It is a nice place to decompress and blend in with the wall coverings.
Pizza was hot, slices were big and ingredients seemed fairly fresh.

