This is a really nice salon!
Their equipment is top notch.
Even their lowest level beds have the high pressure face lamps.
I have used the level 2 beds only a few times and already got a great base tan.
Plus the bed has a jack for my iPhone so I can listen to my own music if I want.
I did try out the upper level Prestige bed the other day.
Wow.
That bed is AMAZING.
It instantly gave me that dark bronze color.
The owner is really nice and they do those little extra things like greeting you by name when you walk in the door and offering you a free bottled water when you leave.
I'm so glad i decided to check this place out!

This was my first time going here and I enjoyed it!
The ladies greeted me when I first came in and were really friendly!
They showed me all of their tanning beds and did not try to sell me the most expensive membership package which is great!
Ill definitely come back here again!

I love this place!
Super clean and friendly, great prices.
I love that they really talk with you about your needs, skin care etc before recommending a package.
Owner is always there and super knowledgeable and very nice.
Very comfortable here and the little extras really make you feel special- especially the cold water is really nice when leaving!

I rated this place one star because I'm so unsatisfied with my 50 dollar air brush tan.
I get airbrushed tanned all over the place ; California, Vegas , Miami and now AZ and this is the first time I've been disappointed ...  1.
She air brushed me very unevenly  2.
She did one half ass coat  3.
The air brush came off literally the next day 4.
Way over priced for what she recommended  5.
My appointment was at 5 and I was seen at 5:20  6.
The receptionist guy was very rude   One thing I can say positive about this place was it was clean other than that it sucked!

They are super friendly and they even took their time to show the salon to me.
They even told me about the different beds they had and the difference in how they work.
They told me about the different memberships and no once did they try to pressure me to buy the membership.
They were very knowledgeable also about skin care and skin types and what would be the best way to go with tanning as it has been a while since I have gone to a tanning salon.
After my tanning session, they gave me a water (which they told me that they do that because staying hydrated was important) they asked me how my tanning session was and where very caring about the time you are actually in the tanning booth.
Each time I have been there everyone of the staff has been super nice and workable with me.
They have always given me the impression that what I say is important and that they want to make it the best experience ever.
I would totally recommend them to everyone.
One negative thing is that their lotion is really expensive but so far I have been impressed with the results so I guess you get what you pay for.

