Let me start by saying I'm hooked to this place!
Awesome burgers and generous servings of fries.
Forgot to mention their soda fountain, it's the bomb!!!
I've been to a lot of overpriced burger joints here in town.
They're cheap and beats In-N-Out by a wide margin.
This is probably the best I've ever had!
:)  PS  The first one I've been to was the one at Premium Outlet South.
Let me remind you that you definitely need to spend at least 30min working-out before going to Five Guys... LOL

My visit was on 9/9/12 on a Sunday.
I *really* wanted to like the place since the chain has been widely successful and my friends never stop raving about it.
Keeping in mind that the joint just opened a FEW days ago, all the flies made my first (and last) experience a bit uneasy.
I'm pretty "meh" about burgers - I can get pretty satisfied with a dollar menu McDouble.
The fries were extremely hot AND just as soggy.
Not good.
The burger was so huge that I had no idea how to even eat it.
It was pretty good even though it just fell apart after taking my first fail bite.
Haha.
Why I don't want to return anymore is because I was eating a burger with my gf and we heard employees talking about their work.
Don't get me wrong I worked with food for several years and there is always a time and place for backstage conversation which by the way is AT THE BACK!
AWAY FROM PEOPLE!
I just felt so uncomfortable after hearing the employees LOUDLY say "Just do it the customers will never know the difference" and "They will never find out" ..Uhh.. You literally JUST opened the joint  a few days ago and are already doing something shady?
*shivers* This mystery could be anything from major unsanitary issues or simply be a tomato being sliced too thick or thin on accident.
Who knows?
Whatever.
For all I care it's probaby something that would explain all the flies hopping around all over the place.

As Emmy said in an earlier review, I really wanted to like this place as well, my wife loves them (yep again proving how subjective food can be) I found them to be, well ok, nothing amazing and over priced.
A bacon cheeseburger with mushrooms, the burger patty itself was ok, the mushrooms were fine, the bacon overcooked and something I really hate on something that is supposed to be a good burger, processed American cheese.
Why oh why take a good basic foundation and ruin it with a slice of processed cheese, then charge $6.99 for it ?
Our fries were good, not great but good and I really do think chains such as this and In-N-Out set themselves apart by using freshly cut fries.
So in the end, a semi good meal, not something I would rave about, when it comes down to it, a double double is better in my book and half the price.
So in the end, two burgers, one large order of fries and two sodas, $25, to much money for the product.

This location just recently opened and after a very stressful day at work with a very late lunch, I wanted comfort food.
And sometimes a juicy hamburger is the perfect comfort food.
And after having a horrible experience with the Five Guys out South on Eastern I felt they were due for a second chance.
Ordering was fast, service was friendly, and I like all the various options you can choose to load up your burger with.
I ordered the spicy fries and was handed a drink cup.
After paying I turn and...whoa, what's this?
Do I see the new Super Coke machines?
Why yes I do and there's two of them.
At this point even if the food sucks, I get vanilla cherry Coke and life is good.
I pick up my food and I'm like dang these fries are good.
Too good as I'm through half of them before I remember I got a burger to try.
Unlike my first experience, this one was what I expected it to be, and my faith in Yelp and other sources in saying Five Guys really was all that had been restored.
Overall I wish the fries had been a bit crispier, but the bacon cheeseburger was perfect, and the vanilla cherry Coke was awesome.
(I'm not supposed to have any Coke these days so this was a treat for me).
4 Stars for Five Guys...and yeah I won't come back too often as it's bad for me, but one can not live on Thai food alone which seems to be what I eat a lot of these days.

Fast food or gourmet burgery?
They make your burger fast enough, but it is not your typical fast food burger.
I have eaten at other locations, but this was my first time at this one.
I got the bacon burger, all the way with peppers, and shared fries with my friend.
You definitely need a fork to eat the burger, because as I was eating all the toppings started to fall out.
The fries were unfortunately oversalted.
Service was nice enough, they greet you as you enter and say goodbye as you leave.
I like how one of the guys kept shouting things like "good job team, keep it up, etc.
" as they went through making the orders.
But they should be more aware that it is an open kitchen and that we can hear everything else they say.
FYI you can get your burgers with no bun ala "protein style".
Ask for extra lettuce.

I really like Five Guys hamburgers.
However I don't like them enough to go all the time.
I think Smash Burger and more critically "The Habit" is far tastier.
NOW I am not going to spend time knocking these guys.
Here's my BEEF (ha ha) with Five Guys:  Their hamburgers are WAY too messy... they need to provide forks and knives to the customers and they need to have a salad option.
This is what I love about The Habit.
The fries are quite good, but PLEASE crinkle cut them!
The burgers are good but...
I'm not sure there is something about them that while it tastes "burger-ey" it doesn't make me crave them like I might something more substantial like the burger at The Capital Grill or STACK which is the best burger I've ever had.
I love the fancy coke machines, but that isn't a reason to go to Five Guys.
I've been three times now... twice on my own and once to take people who have never been and wanted to try it.
My feeling is this:  I don't crave it, and it's not bad.
PS the hawt dog is better than the burger   Me gusta mucho Five Guys hamburguesas.
Sin embargo no me gusta lo suficiente como para ir todo el tiempo.
Creo hamburguesa Smash y más crítica "The Habit" es mucho más sabroso.
Ahora no voy a gastar tiempo llamando a estos tipos.
Aquí está mi BEEF (ha ha) con el Five Guys:  Sus hamburguesas son demasiado desordenado ... que necesitan para proporcionar tenedores y cuchillos a los clientes y que necesitan para tener una opción de ensalada.
Esto es lo que me gusta de The Habit.
Las patatas fritas son bastante buenos, pero POR FAVOR, corte ondulado de ellos!
Las hamburguesas son buenos, pero ... No estoy seguro de que hay algo en ellos que, si bien su sabor "burger-ey" no me hace anhelar ellos como si yo pudiera algo más sustancial como la hamburguesa en The Capital Grill o pila, que es la mejor hamburguesa que he tenido.
Me encantan las máquinas de fantasía coque, pero eso no es una razón para ir a Five Guys.
He estado ya tres veces ... dos veces por mi cuenta y una vez para llevar a las personas que nunca han estado y quería probarlo.
Mi opinión es la siguiente:  No me antoja, y no es malo.
PS el perro hawt es mejor que la hamburguesa

Today went to Five Guys Burgers and Fries..Didn't even know it existed.
Well..Let me tell you..it's great.
It reminded me of maybe a burger joint that would be located in NY.
The burgers were great and they even carry my favotite tea, which is, Gold Peak sweetened Green Tea!
The atmosphere was lively and the staff was very nice and quick.
The location is great because if you happened to be shopping at Target..It's located in the same parking lot.
I say...Try a new burger joint and sit down and relax at Five Guys Burgers and Fries!

We eat here every other weekend.
And the food is the kind of food you will dream about.
Its something about the burgers here.
Can you say Oh my GOD Good!
I will stand in line for days for this burger.
Its got that BBQ taste its always fresh and hot.
The staff are the best they are quick and professional.
Sometimes they sing ok maybe they chant or something.
But one thing is for sure they have the BEST burger in the business.
I don't recall a burger better than them.
This is the supreme comfort food once you eat here you will find out just why the food is so irresistible!

I came in one night because I wanted to give this place a try.
I got a Little hamburger with the basic toppings.
The second time I came I got it with jalapeños.
I really like the beef patties, but the part that sold it for me was the ultimate customization.
The jalapeños were really hot too!
It's so nice to get a good jalapeño burger with my favorite sauce of all time...A1.
The other part that sold me was the soda machines at this location.
The soda machines are worth the trip!
It is the only place I can indulge in my favorite soda of all time; Caffeine Free Diet Coke with Lime.
I like the peanuts too, but the fries are OK.
I prefer McDonalds or In-n-out to these fries, but I think the first comes down to personal taste, so I never order them.
Go try them yourselves!

Hmm Fast food but not fast food.
I like, but only like.
This reminds me of another place around town and good idea but a few improvements will make it even that much better.
SO this is a fairly new location and they are still working out the kinks the food is good but a few others would have helped a virgin like me ;)    My first time to any Five guys I expressed that at the counter I would have thought the nice college/late high school student would have helped me at that point.
The menu is plain a no frills menu but sadly I guess my brain was completely shut (like a lot of us) off after a hard days work.
So i did not maneuver the menu well.
I ordered what I thought was awesome but as he called it out I found out I ordered a DOUBLE "OMG I can't eat that?!
LOL Im sorry"  He says oh?
ok I will redo it for you let me call the manager..."  Waiting waiting... Me "ahh ok I will just have the double I'm sure it's great and I need to get on the treadmill anyways.
"    So I get my food, great stuff nicely done our table shared a bag of fries yes a bag we ordered a small but it is a bag!
Burgers are just as huge, a big bang for the buck I will be back but may ask for help in my newbs ness ;) in the menu department!

I gave this place a try after hearing that it is better than its competitors.
The burger was good and I enjoyed the toppings.
The cajun fries were good and they gave you too much.
I split a large with my wife and we dint even get to the up they come in.
They had ticket he amount in the bag.
I would go back but it is not my first choice

Great authentic feel but not a fan (yet).
It was my first time ever at Five Guys and some things really impressed me like the complimentary peanuts, insane soda machine and the sheer dazzling amount of choices to customize your hamburger.
I had the regular with a side of fries.
I wasn't really blown away by the fries, mainly because they were a pitch too salty.
The fries are sliced large and fried with that crispy brown finish that resonates home-made style fries.
I personally prefer thin fries with the yellow finish with a slight crisp, like the ones at In-and-Out or Smashburger.
The hamburger is satisfying and savoring with every bite.
However towards the end it can get very messy and almost laborious to finish it.
I thought it lacked a certain "wow" factor and the fries are mediocre.
My friend said that the burger is way better with customizations such as the A1 sauce and etc but I was expecting the regular one to pull through and blow the competition away.
Definitely gonna try the customizations next time but it won't be for a while.

if there was a way to rate this place zero stars i would, it is overpriced garbage, you can get a better meal for 1/3 of the price at in and out.
i paid 15$ for a burger drink and fries, which is fine for a restaurant but a take out burger shop?
$2.50 for a small fountain drink, and the cup even says "best $5 burger i have ever eaten" i grew to be a fan of this place in florida, where a meal costs $7 and the amount they try to charge for one of their mediocre burgers here is absurd!
unless they change the prices i will never eat here again, they are basic burgers you can get at in and out and they charge 5x the price!
save your money

Simple burgers with great taste.
You get to choose your own toppings and enjoy peanuts while you wait.
I've tried four different locations so far and everything is always perfect!

had a bacon cheese burger and medium cajun fries.
they even dumped extra fries in my bag.
so awesome!
the food here is amazing.
the only gripe i have about it is that its a lil pricey

This place is amazing.
I've been told to come here by multiple people including friends from back home in Oregon.
I love that not every burger is the same and they make it for you the way you want it.
The fries they have there are also very good and this place is defiantly worth stopping by.

I just.... can't.
About a year ago I swore off Five Guys.
They had appeared on the Vegas scene in all their glory and they have since multiplied.
I visited 5 Guys in Henderson, and 5 Guys in North Vegas.
Each time I just was not completely impressed.
The burger, to me, was too loaded with stuff, it was too compacted in the foil, the mustard and ketchup and mayo was all over the place.
The fries, although good, were too many, too much, ridiculous.
I don't want a bag of fries - I wanted a little cup of fries, why is that so hard to do 5 Guys?
I get it.
It's their thing, but I guess I just don't like it.
Compare this with Inn N Out, clean, fresh, nicely wrapped burgers.
Crispy lettuce, not too many condiments.
French fries - perfect, crispy, lightly salted, and served in a nice clean-looking white tray.
The fries are not spilling all over your burger in the bag.
No.
They are just as they should be - contained.
I tried 5 Guys again.
I happened to be shopping at Target.
I happened to be hungry.
It had been awhile so I thought maybe, just maybe I would give 5 Guys another shot.
And it all came back to me...
It's just not my cup of tea.
Only cool thing - New-Age Coke Machines.
BUT.
Firehouse Subs have these popular machines as well.
I will go to Firehouse Subs next time, or Inn N Out... anywhere but 5 Guys.

My hamburger tasted like fish, I loath fish.
:( Everyone thought I was crazy, but when my husband tasted it I was redeemed.
I was given another one and that was was pretty good.
They give you a ton of fries.

Hands down the best hamburger chain in the world.
No cheese fries at this location hence 4.5 stars.
If they served alcohol it would garner 5 stars.
Ordering isn't an issue for me as a veteran but the family ahead of me was so slow that it killed my mood.
Free peanuts is always nice but if you are a novice and load up on them your meal will become a to go box.
Burgers are always awesome with tomatoes mushrooms ketchup bbq sauce mayo lettuce steak sauce mustard and large cajun fries on the side which are refilled if you can handle like me.

Oh yes!!!!!
Gosh these burgers are just so amazing.
Juicy flavorful and huge.
I got the little burger cuz that's really the normal size lol the "regular" one is just so big I can't finish it.
The bacon, cheese, onion, ketchup, mustard :))) and most amazing patty :))) these are what burgers are meant to taste like.
Now the fries :)))) oh my you have to get Cajun seasoning.
And eat them before your burger cuz they are phenomenal while hot :) they also have a machine that dispenses any type and flavor soda you could want.
My go to cherry coca cola :))) go go go now!
I just ate and I want to go to give guys for a burger still ;)

Going to keep this one simple, came here when they first opened and things haven't changed.
People are very friendly and that's about it.
This burger consistently reminds me of a Bob's Big Boy burger yet 3x the price.
In and Out, Fatburger and Smashburger will continue to be better as far as taste and price, especially the meat flavor and toppings.
Some people love this place from their other locations around the country, but an official meh from me for this location.

Burger was nothing special.
After all the hype I was looking forward to this.
In-n-out burgers are tastier.
I had the Cheeseburger here, and a few fries.
Would prob not come back unless it was the only option I had.

Cheeseburger and fries were delicious!
Prices are seasonable for the size of the burger and all the condiment options to choose from.
Service was great!
Friendly and helpful staff.
Clean seating areas inside the restaurant.

The food is good, not excellent, but good.
I can also appreciate the traditional American road cafe look.
What I don't like is the price; I personally find both In N Out and Smash Burger better quality food with better prices.
Also, I'm not sure if it's normal but a ton of fries were dumped in our bag over the burgers as what I assume to be extra.
I appreciate the gesture but thanks for the burns guys.

If you like soggy fries and tasteless beef patty regardless of condiments.
This is for you.
My two cents: stick to steak and shake or whatever your regular joint is.
We crossed the street to L&L to finish dinner.
I will post the picture of the soggy fries.
You can see my order clearly say "no pickles" on all the burgers but they were packed with pickles.
Size is bigger than your standard size, so down size your order.
That was no biggie.
One star: Staff was nice.
Over rated and priced food.
Wasted calories and money.

The burger was the best burger I ever had, and the best customer service.
When you go to this location you will never leave hungry.

Was really hungry and ended up here.
Burger is unremarkable and fries not crisp.
Also, they don't have ranch in the building.
That's not acceptable.
Upside:   Free peanuts!

Burger is very sloppily thrown together.
However it was very tasty!
Fries need to be crispier.
Cajun fries are the way to go!!
Service is very good!

A great place for a small joint like this on the west coast.
Better burger and fries than in-n-out!

