Hands down, the best pizza in the East Valley!!!!
Tastes like I'm back in New York City, that's how good the pizza is!
They do all sorts of combinations and toppings.
Mmmm mmmm good.
The hero sandwiches and wings are good too.
Located in a strip mall next to AMC movie theaters, it's a great place to go before or after the movies.
And they deliver, too.
Much better quality than chain pizzerias.

My son and I have been here a few times after going to a movie at the AMC Theatre and we love their pizza -- reasonably prized, HUGE slices, variety of flavers.
The crust is perfect and as close to NY-style as you can get.
They have outdoor seating and they door serve beer and wine if you are so inclined.
I wish they would open a branch downtown -- seems like we are missing a good by-the-slice walk up pizza joint downtown.

not bad but can't say I loved it.
But I'm picky I'm from NY.
I'm a pizza snob

This is my go-to pizza place.
I'm from upstate NY (not NYC), but this is as close to home as I could find in AZ that delivers to my ahwatukee apartment.
There are other pizza places that I enjoy in the valley but the sauces really differentiate themselves.
I prefer this sauce since it's more like a tomato and minimal sweetness or spice.
The quality is always fantastic, friendly staff and nice variety.
- The pizza sizes are actually very large.
The "small" is about the same size as a dominos large, and the "x-large" is just huge.
- Meatballs are large and filling as sides, you should get them.
2 comes with the order.
- The wings are my favorite of the valley and they actually come with carrots and celery.
Also, blue cheese isn't something odd for this NY place, because if you are from NY you DON'T use ranch on wings.
Also the blue cheese is great and chunky like it should be.
Also, the sauce isn't thick, maybe a little oily, but I enjoy it.
I ask for my wings to be cooked crispy and they come out perfectly.
- My family has also ordered the spaghetti dishes, and meatball subs.
Everyone was happy with the choices.
- Garlic knots are fantastic also, order plenty.
:)  If you go to the actual restaurant they sell slices, and serve beer and wine.
Great for a date night because it's next door to the AMC movie theater (Ahwatukee 24).
The service is quick, so you can get a quick bite before the movie.
Sure it's more pricey than some chain restaurant, but the quality is great, and it's a family owned restaurant.
Something we should support here in the valley.

Some of the best pizza around.
They have local beer on tap and good wings as well.
The best part is you can enjoy almost any pizza by the slice.
Try the chicken Alfredo pizza or the shrimp scampi pizza!

Small counter service restaurant serving a large variety of pizza slices.
Also has salads and pastas.
A few tables, always well kept, self service soda.
Good place to grab a bite for lunch, take out, or after a movie.
I prefer a thicker slice of pizza, but this is pretty good.
Sign says Brooklyn style.

This is the second time I ate at Vincent's and I'm... not sorry I ate here.
The restaurant is pretty clean and the atmosphere is nice.
Hailing from South Jersey, I'm obviously not a New Yorker, but I've had my share of authentic, New York-style pizza.
I ordered two slices of plain cheese, which they shuffled into the oven to reheat.
The pizza crust is pretty thin, so it got pretty crispy in the oven.
It wasn't bad at all, but it tasted like any Sbarro's you could find at a Mall food court.
I happen to like Sbarro's, so as I said above, I wasn't sorry.
The portion size was very generous, though; both slices were huge and very filling.
It was just kind of hard to fold and pick up at first, due to how crispy the crust was.
I think next time I will order a whole pie from Vincent's (especially after reading some of the other reviews on here) because I have a feeling I'm missing out by ordering premade, individual slices.
This definitely isn't a bad place to stop at for lunch before a movie next door, or whenever.

Based on the reviews we wanted to check it out.
Being from Brooklyn and knowing what great pizza really is,  I wanted to see for myself.
It's a counter order place which is fine for just a casual slice before a movie but not any ambience for dinner.
Had couple of different slices, one Sicilian and one regular.
Nothing special on either front.
Not bad but not the texture and experience people were raving about.
Not going out of my way to go back unless maybe before a movie.

Very good NY style pizza, thin, chewy yet crisp crust and light sauce with lots of melty cheese.

Actually came to the shopping complex to eat at Pita Jungle, but then we got hungry for pizza after seeing the sign.
We should've went to Pita Jungle.
This place was pricey!
$4.25 a specialty slice and $6 +.75 for sauce for mozzarella sticks!
Seriously?
We only got 6 sticks!
For that price the sauce should've been included!
As for taste is a "meh.
" Not the worst I had, but far from the best.
I'm not sure what is famous about this pizza, but I will not be back.

Best sliced cheese pizza in the Valley!!
Service is amazing, and the pizza is wildly amazing!
Honestly, I never thought I would like thin pizza, but this place is insanely awesome!

This pizza is as good as it gets.
Fresh dough made daily and baked crispy on the bottom.
Fresh and delicious ingredients on top.
Beyond that, the desserts are amazing, the prices are reasonable, the atmosphere is comfortable, the staff is helpful and friendly, the service is quick, everything is clean.
This place is the best.
The owners, Tom and Olivia, are great folks!
You'll love this place.

I've been here twice, first time was last week with a coworker.
I was happy to see a well displayed $6 lunch for 2 slices and a drink...Pizza was OK, edible, not great but different, I like things mixed up a little, so different is good for me.
When my coworker sat down, she was surprised by the bill, (it was her turn to buy) because we had both bought the $6 lunch deal and we shared some zuccini sticks, but the bill was nearly $25.
The zucchini was NOT $12, so what was the problem?
The girl behind the counter said we had gotten a couple of premium slices, so OK. Well today I was in the area and it sounded good, so I dropped in.
I asked the girl behind the counter which slices of the several types of pizza displayed were included in the $6 lunch deal for 2 slices and a drink.
She said just pick a couple and we discount it.
So I picked a couple, jalapeño and pepperoni and the other was ham and pineapple..... Good to go right?
Nope.... Nearly $9 at the register....
I asked what was up and she said they discounted the items I selected.... Bottom line, they could not show me any pizza that qualifies for the $6 lunch, so essentially THERE IS NO $6 LUNCH DEAL AT THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I grabbed my credit card and left, ended up eating at the restaurant next door.
The employees are totally in the know on this scam, there was no question about it.
I DETEST DISHONESTY AND WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT... Now you know, they are dishonest and the pizza is nothing special.....
I don't like giving such a negative review, but dishonest bait and switch scams infuriate me, it's thievery.
According to my coworker, the place just changed ownership, and the owners and staff were much better before....... Shame, could have been my $6 "go to"lunch....

Mediocre pizza.
Ordered pizza for the Super Bowl and they only had half our order ready 40 minutes later.
Pretty much ruined our party.
We'll get our pizza from some place more reliable next time.

Well, the salad I ordered looked like it was pre made two days ago & the pizza was made a heated up ... Not good.
Better out there!

Good Food, HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!
My husband & I have been here a few times, it is right next to my work.
Previous to today, we have only had pizza slices & of course Thrify's Ice Cream.
EVERY TIME we go, no matter how busy(or mostly NOT busy) they are, our food takes FOREVER!
Honestly, there have been times that we were the only customers in the restaurant, and everyone was standing around talking/texting and no one was working, ridiculous.
Today, we had a dealchicken coupon, and when I presented it, the cashier had NO IDEA what I was talking about and did not know what to do with me.
That started the frustration.
The she stated that a calzone would take 30min..ok, I had an hour lunch today, so that didn't bother me too much.
We also ordered stuffed shells and ice cream.
WELL, as time went by, no food, no food.
I even went up to the counter, told them that I was in a hurry, and asked for our stuffed shells when they were done, since I knew the calzone would take 30 min and did tell them that I was not told the same for the stuffed shells, and was confused, but stated as soon as the stuffed shells were ready, they would bring them out.
Waiting, waiting, waiting...no food.
I went back up again to check on food and our calzone was sitting there, I asked for it & she said she would bring it out to us.
By the time we got the calzone, I had 10min to eat.
3 min before leaving, the stuffed shells came out, I told them to box it.
I inhaled my food, sent the other half of food home with our 2nd meal, and told him to enjoy our ice cream.
It really is too back that the staff can not get it together, because as I said, their food IS really great, but I wont go back to that lousy service.

