I live here, been here almost 2.5 years now.
No real issues or concerns.
The actual manager is pretty good and the maintenance supervisor, Kyle, is very good & efficient at what he does.
The assistant manager, Cynthia, is pretty terrible.
Re-signing the lease I asked why my rent went up.
I heard "everything's going up except my salary", like I cared about her paycheck or quality of life after that.
Later, they switched the front gate from key cards to button remotes.
When I asked her if I could set it up with the button inside my car, her response was "you have to find the maintenance guy to do that"...instead of her setting up the appointment.
She is just plain lazy as a sack of turds.
Besides that though, it's fine here.
Nice pool...front pool at least...back pool is hit & miss.
The fitness center is great with a nice racquetball court, basketball court, and sauna.
Base rent on a 1-bedroom is $750ish, garage is an optional $60.
Gated fully even during the day.
Pretty calm and peaceful inside.
Online bill pay so you don't have to walk to the office to drop off a check.
Easy access to the I-15, Las Vegas Blvd., and the airport.
It's cool, I'd recommend the place.

DO NOT RENT FROM SUMMER WINDS 89123 - I was there just 4 1/2 and they went up on my utilities granted it was only like $7 I took my concerned to the office.
So when my rent was do they took it back.
So I guess they noticed I had not been there for quite6 months so they rejected the requested.
But you best believe when 6 months came it was on my billing statement.
I'll be darn even 6 months after that they went up on my utilities yet again.
So their explanation was (( WE HAVE A COMPANY THAT COMES IN AND DOES AN ASSESSMENT EVERY 6 MONTHS AND IF THEY GO UP ON OVATION PROPRIETIES WE HAVE TO RAISE OR RESIDENTS UTILITIES )) Really!!!
And when I went to sign a new lease I asked about if this will be ongoing she said most likely, they have no control over it.
Might I add when I went to sign my new lease they went up on the rent.
People not $10, not 30, oh no not even $50.........$70.
REALLY!!!!
Yeah and my neighbor asked me do you notice there are like 2 - 3 U-hauls out here with ppl moving at the end of every month I said yeahhh I thought it was just me.
Now I see why everyone is moving.
You would think they would have enough since to retain good residents.
To end all!!!!!
I left my apartment in very good conditions.
Even the guy that did my walk through ask me did you even live in here???
That is how clean I left it.
He said but if the Lady in the front office did your walk through she would mark you off for the smallest thing to try and keep some of your $.
I said well I paid the $300 nonrefundable fee that should cover anything he said listen to what I tell you they will get you.
Sure enough they kept some of my $.
I was going to call with concerns on why I didn't get my full amount but I know they would smoke screen the situation.
So I decided to place this review instead.
Summer Winds wasted my time and $.
Finding a new place to live and moving expenses are not cheap.
I wish I had read all the negative reviews before I signed a lease with them.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.
You will be very disappointed.

I've had a couple friends live here and it can be hit and miss like any place.
I actually go here and work out currently.
Just enough stuff to get me sweating.
It also has weights and sauna.
I never use the sauna but I know it's hot as hell in there!
Back to the apartments.
I've been in the two bedroom and love the way it's set up.
It has a double master which is really cool for room mates just sucks when you have to go in their bathroom as a guest.
They have a gate and my friend still hasn't put her name in so I have to wait to get in all the time, secure I guess.
Always have a place to park and my friends like it there so I'm happy with it.

In the honeymoon phase, everything was lovely.
Now at the end of the lease...  Not so much.
The place isn't a slum, I must say that.
But it's become a trek to the end of our lease.. My main problem is that I can hear everything that is going on above my room and I have done everything from go up and talk to them, to making 3 attempts to complain to the staff, to calling the security.
I feel helpless and just want to get away from the place.
-The security situation- *Staff: First time I complained, they said that they would send a letter.
The second time I complained, they told me to call the security and then report back to them.
The third time I went, they told me that security hadn't reported anything so there was nothing that they could do.
*Security: The first time I called, I could hear my neighbors playing a gun game.
I could hear every shot and every yell from them at 11:30pm.
I call the security and they tell me that they'll get someone out there and call me when they get there.
30min later, luckily it's still going on.
They call me and verify where the issue was, they hang up........... 15 minutes later I hear a radio outside of my window so I figure someone is here!
Nothing happened.. At all.
I just didn't understand it.
The second time I call a few weeks later, a man picks up and I tell him that I wanted to complain...
He tells me that no one is scheduled for that night and then places me on hold.
I've been putting up with my neighbors for a majority of this lease now and I'm just ready to get away from the situation.
I only see conflict coming from paying any more visits up there so I'm remaining patient.
-end-  My other issues:  *Today I just discovered that we're supposed to give 60 days' written notice that we will not be renewing our lease.
We're 5 days past the 60 day mark...
This just can't be real life.
I'll admit, I fear more fee's coming about, due to a pipe burst that happened last march.
Seriously, out of nowhere the pipe behind my toilet burst and flooded my apartment.
It was a freak occurrence!
This stuff happens!
But I worry about them treating me like I done it and taxing us for it.
*Over the last year, we've had a pipe burst and flood the apartment, 2 out of the 4 burners go out, and our dryer died on us last month..
Since it's so close to the end of our lease, were kind of tired of having to deal with things.
So I'm not complaining about it not being fixed, or even going out..
It's Just the fact that we've already had to so many times.
I'm starting to feel like we moved into a dated unit.
The floor, in a few areas have gotten soft, as a result of the flood and the maintenance guy acknowledged the spots that we pointed out..
But for some reason I fear that they're going to tax US for that, come security deposit time.
We'll see though.. Just speculation.
*The maintenance staff is cool!
Total buddies!
But the staff in the office.. Not so helpful.
I'll admit that they try to help..
But I've got some issues that just haven't been resolved..
So the only way around that is to find someone else that'll better deal with these issues.
*Upon reading the reviews that have been posted this year, it looks like everything is going up!
I feel like the $830 + utilities for the 2 bedroom is steep, knowing that I can rent a condo in this area for around that and have to deal with less.
I don't know anything about any break-in's but just reading about that (a few reviews ago) scares me, and I don't doubt its validity due to our security (or lack thereof)  *The perks!
Great location!!!!
Talk about a central point in town!
Freeway entrance is a few minutes away.. Talk about convenience!
*Trade Winds are where we're staying.
I love the layout.
But the kitchen is kind of small..
Overall: This was our first apartment experience and we've gained a great amount of knowledge of what to look out for

NEVER RENT HERE !!!
YOU WILL BE SORRY,   Rude Staff, only nice if you're new tenants.
Rent went up to high Utility Bills goes up after 4-6 months of living here.
Very dark at night time.
Very poor management.

