This is one of the greatest consignment shops in the valley.
If you haven't been in you better head on over!
They take in only what you want to buy, so there is no sifting through junk.
Tons of clothing, furniture, and home goods.
Warning: You can't leave without buying something!
And even better, you can bring in that stuff you don't use anymore to consignment and either make some cash or apply it to store credit and start your style anew.
Seriously!
If you love My Sister's Closet you will love Turn Styles (probably more!).
The girls who work there are so friendly and always helpful.
It's a fantastic experience everytime, you can't wait to go back to see what's in next.
(They put new stuff out EVERY DAY!

Great place to take nicer clothes (and home furnishings!
) that clutter your closet.
Remember to have them on a hanger when you bring them in!
When consigning make sure that you specify that you'd like to have store credit OR cash.
It's difficult to change your account once you are registered.
Of course, you receive more compensation when you opt to receive store credits.
I made the mistake of declaring "store credit" when I originally wanted cash.
However, there is such a nice selection of items in good condition that I haven't regretted my decision.
I'm saving up my store credits for one of the schmancy furs!

LOVE IT!!!!!!
Great prices, good selection, and super nice employees.
I am planning on going back on a weekly basis to get a scoop on all the deals.
Lol.

2 WORDS: SEMI-ANNUAL SALE!
First of all the sale starts with 50% off merchandise, then goes to 75% off!!!
Hello new wardrobe for less than $50!
There are always plenty of cars in the parking lot so you know this is a great location!
Not only that but I love how bubbly and friendly the staff is!
I've been to other TurnStyle locations too; at each location you can feel the personality of the store... and I don't think I've ever stopped in a store and not bought something :/ (sorry wallet)  Definitely Check it Out!
Furniture, home decor, and clothing!

Horrible customer service, no wait, NO customer service.
No greeting, no inquiry while I was in the store.
I took my 2 blouses to the counter to check out and the clerk there, without looking up said "we don't check out on this side".
Ok... so took the blouses to the other side and another clerk checked me out.
No smile, no conversation, no THANK YOU.
The merchandise is usually pretty good, but there are other good consignment stores in the Valley.
The other Turn Style on Tatum/Bell is usually friendlier.
Must be better management.

