Nice sized inventory, very helpfull.
My first mango tree I purchased here almost 4 years ago gave me 17 fruit this summer, a Carrie mango.
I visit 3-4 timer per year to see the new stuff.
Highly recommend

Shamus is great!
He's super knowledgable and took the time to teach us a ton of stuff.
He's also way cheaper than the big box stores.
Thanks Shamus!

This place has really interesting plants.
If you want something unusual that isnt sold at the big box stores, you should check it out.
We just bought a mango tree and so far it is doing well.
Shamus spends a lot of time telling you what to do with the plant and gives great advice and tips.
You can tell this is a guy who loves his plants.
Follow him on facebook for updates on what plants he is selling and when he will be in the garden.

A banana tree in az!
who knew?
This place is awesome and expensive.
Make sure you wear pants and shoes not shorts and flip flops or you will have 1mil mosquito bites

Great advice and ideas working with Phoenix Arizona soils.
The owner was helpful, thoughtful and knowledgable .
We got wonderful ideas for creating balance and nutrients for our fruit trees and plants.
If you are interested in Tropical and Sub Tropical trees and shrubs give them a call.

he's technically closed for the season, but after a phone call, he will let you peruse on appointment.
i am absolutely flabbergasted by Shamus' skills.
he literally grows tropicals...and they thrive!!!
without much water, without a ton of humidity...who knew?
i only assumed that none of his plants would live a month in AZ.
i've eaten nearly everyone of the tropical fruits he grows....but only in places like laos, thailand, guyana, chile....basically anywhere but here!
and i just still can't get over how he grows them with ease!
he does have a day job, so this is not like a nursery per se.
it's his house and yard, so it's best to follow him on facebook for updates and times.
he doesn't sell lantana or prickly pear or really anything desert related (or anything under 20 bucks, but you also pay for the expertise).
what you will find are...pineapple, mango, passion fruit, guava, breadfruit, dragon fruit, lychee, banana, suriname cherry, and any other kind of tropicals.
Shamus gave me excellent planting, growing, and caretaking tips to ensure the mango tree i bought today would actually live.
he also advised me on some of the other tropicals i have (pineapple, and plumeria) that don't really seem to do anything.
i'm re-invigorated to start up the tropicals with better success this time.
cash only and call him first...like i said, it's his home, not a retail nursery.

