I usually visit the clinic in Summerlin because it is close, but if I need Dr. Blank on a certain day and he happens to be at the Centennial location, then I schedule an appointment here.
Similar to my Desert Valley Pediatrics review in Summerlin: Our pediatrician is Dr. Blank, and for him alone, I give 5 shiny stars.
He is very professional, knowledgable, gentle & friendly to my 2 kids.
I always come in with a long list of questions and he is very willing to answer every one of them with a smile.
The nurses and office staff are an average of 3.
Some are really friendly and others look/act like they wish they were elsewhere.
Since they are working with kids, I just expect them to be more approachable and warmhearted.
Like all doctor offices, you spend a lot of time waiting in the waiting room regardless of your appointment time.
But, at least this office has a partition between the healthy and sick waiting rooms with separate entrances.
I also like the fact that there aren't toys in this room because who knows how often those are sanitized.
So I recommend bringing your own if you need to keep your child occupied.
But, there is a TV in the waiting room programmed on a kid friendly channel, and who can resist an episode of Dora the Explorer.
The Centennial clinic shares the parking lot with the Centennial Hospital and other clinics, but there is always plenty of parking every time I have visited this location.
Telephone appointments are easy to make, and they always call with a friendly  reminder days before.
I tend to be an over cautious parent and make appointments for everything.
However, the peace of mind that I get after visiting is well worth it.
*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 30/100*

I'm giving 5 stars mainly for Dr. Downey.
He's been my children's Doctor for nearly 23 years.
My eldest was sad to have to leave him since they really only see children until they turn 18.
I have a special needs child and Dr. Downey has always referred me to Doctors who have been awesome in treating her with her needs.
Dr. Downey always takes his time, never in a rush and always pleasant!
The staff have always been pleasant as well.
Sometimes the wait is not so pleasant.
I highly recommend this place for your children's care.
We've seen other doctors there as well and they've all been very good.
My favorite is Dr. Downey!

I'll start off by saying the office staff was pleasant and the wait was relatively short.
We came about 30 minutes early to fill out paperwork since this was our first visit due to a recent move.
I also like that there are separate entrances and waiting areas for sick and well children.
If it wasn't for the nice staff, I would have given a 1 star rating for Dr. Burford.
I was given great recommendations for her, but I do not see what the other parents are raving about.
Our records had not been sent to the office yet so she started with no history on my daughter.
She immediately told me she was too skinny and I needed to supplement her by adding butter to her food and giving her carnation breakfast drinks.
My daughter has always been petite and her previous pediatrician has never made any sort of comment about her being too skinny.
She is a very healthy 2 year old who is very active (swimming and park daily) and eats a large variety of healthy food.
I was never once asked about any of her eating habits or her growth patterns.
Dr. Burford then proceeded to very quite literally chew me out for refusing a flu vaccine.
I was barely able to get a word in the entire visit about my daughter or why I refuse the flu vaccine.
I left the office fuming and feeling bullied if not harassed.
Needless to say, I called our insurance to switch my children's pediatrician as soon as we got home.
Maybe the other doctor's in the office are great, but Dr. Burford left us with such a bad impression that we will never return.

I had a mis diagnosis at another pediatrician that led to my 4 month old son having to have major brain surgery, so I was very skeptical when searching for a new pediatrician for my 4 children.
I learned of Desert Valley Peds from a friend who loved Dr. Blank.
I made an appointment with Dr. Ky and LOVED the full attention care we got from him.
He took his time, asked questions, let me ask questions, and all of my children feel completely comfortable.
We have also seen Dr, Nyarko and love him as well.
The only negative experience we have had was with Dr. Burford.
It was a sick visit and she was the only Dr.
Available and she rushed us and was not friendly which made my son scream the entire visit.
I wouldn't use her again, but all of the other doctors are great!

I usually go to the Summerlin office but this time Dr. Nyarko was only available at the Centennial location.
I had to see him immediately so it was a plus he was available the very moment.
The lady at the Summerlin set me up there and then.
Gave me directions to the Centennial location and we were on our way.
Once I arrived the girl in the front Maria (I think that's her name) was expecting me even though I was 6 minutes late.
They called us right away and every person we came in contact was very understanding and nice.
Even gave us some electrolyte when my son was crying.
If it wasn't so far we would come here every time but we're closer to the summerlin office.
The doctor is always patient and explains everything to us.
Im glad to have him as my kids doctor.
The wait is way faster than the Summerlin office, way busier at summerlin.

I actually don't dread these doctors' visits, my poor son does and I understand why.
They vaccinate them for everything under the sun nowadays and it pains me when I have to force him to sit through it.
My favorite part about this pediatrics office is there double sided entrance.
One entrance for sick children and the other side for the non-sick kids.
There was nothing worse than sitting in the old pediatrician's office next the sneezing, coughing, snotting child and praying your kid doesn't catch it.
And vice versa, I didn't want to have to be the parent with the sick child while the well kids are running around.
We see Dr. Greenspun and we really enjoy her.
We have seen Dr. Key (sp) once, only because Greenspun was unavailable.
She is kind and helpful, and answers the many questions I have.
I am no expert because this is my first child, so it is nice being able to get answers from a professional rather than google, if you know what I mean.
Most of the nurses are friendly and nice, we've only run into a couple who seemed unhappy, but who knows if they were just having a bad day.
I can imagine it gets hard to work with so many different kids every day.
The office is rather large as well as the patient rooms.
Not much kid friendly décor, but they make it colorful.
Once you get into the room to wait for the doctor it seems that it has been rather long waits.
This most recent visit we waited for about 30-45 minutes.
My son actually fell asleep waiting.
So far we love this office and we will continue to come see Dr. Greenspun.

Dr. Downey is outstanding.
He is so nice and so good with kids.
Every time I have a visit with him he answers all of the questions I have about my daughter and is so patient with all of the questions.
Appointments need to be made as far in advance as possible as he is quite popular.
The office is really good about setting these up with you in advance so it's never an issue unless you have an emergency.
If that's the case they can always slip you in but chances are it will be with another dr.
The girls at the front desk are always very friendly and I think it's overall a great welcoming place.

If your a cash patient WATCH OUT for all the SURPRISE charges.
Not only do they charge you $100 "down payment" they also charge another $16 then charge to do a oxygen reading of $40!!!
It's a clip on your finger to read oxygen levels, give me a break!!!
(That should be included in the cost to do basic vitals.
I.e.
Weight, height, blood pressure..but NOOOOOOO not Desert Valley they want an extra $40!!
I had 3 kids sick, $300 upfront, $120 for OXYGEN READINGS, $105 for rapid strep test...which they all had.
When the bill came it was another $275!!
1 dr visit=$600+meds.
CRAZY!!!
I would Never recommend this practice, cranky staff, rushed doctors , plus you never see the same Dr. Twice.
It's whoever is in the office at the time.
Another experience I had.... My son had blood work done, they put a rush on it to know results same day, I left 3 messages and it took them 4 days to get results to me AND charged over $300 for 2 viral tests done.
(Over $120 was for the rush)  My son was still sick and they refused to call in an antibiotic and wanted me to bring him in again??
They only care about how fast they can see as many patients as possible and didn't answer any of my concerns OR questions.
Had to get to that next patient.
Thank God Quest Diagnostics gave me an AFFORDABLE cash discount.
Unlike Desert Valley Peds.
Terrible practice, if your a cash patient DO NOT GO THERE.
They do NOT tell you all the EXTRA charges and think 20% off is a "good deal" BUT only if you pay NOW.
Terrible practice!!!

