Best massage ever!
How can you beat the price too!

Santiago massages are a great price for the quality!
He's the best!

Great massage!
Felt really relaxed after.
Will be coming back for sure.
Excellent customer service.

5 STARS for both quality and value.
Jimmy is the best and he has the experience to back it up!
You simply cannot beat the intro deal and you DON'T NEED A GROUPON to get it - even though he advertises it regularly with coupon sites.
Before you buy the coupon, I would just call him up and ask for his introductory offer.
My wife and I have been getting massages increasingly more and more for the past 10 years.
My wife has averaged more than 1 massage per month in the past 3 years, and almost 2 per month for myself.
We have gone to numerous places in the East Valley using Groupon-type deals and also to QC Reflexology which is slightly cheaper, very good, but less consistent in good quality due to different masseuses.
I have been going to Jimmy for well over a year now and he is excellent.
His regular monthly charge plan is almost the cheapest in the valley.
I can't guarantee that you will think he is as good as I do because everybody is different, but I can pretty much guarantee that you will not be disappointed.
When you combine a bottom dollar price with top dollar experience, no one can beat him.

Tried to use Santiago's for a deal that I purchased from Amazon local.
When calling to schedule we repeatedly played phone tag and when we finally spoke he stated that he was too busy to schedule me for my deal until after the expiration (even though his voicemail mentioned that he had several times available just days away, but magically when mentioning my deal he was booked several weeks out).
Instead of an extension on the deal or a mention of an introductory offer, I was scolded for not calling months in advance.
This company may offer great massages (I wouldn't know), but their business practices leave much to be desired.
I would recommend spending money elsewhere.

Santiago is terrific!
I have had a massage here and my friend too.
I also had my grandson get one.
Now I am going to call for the other grandson to get one to be relaxed and feeling good!

Do not go!
Very dirty!
I felt uncomfortable as soon as I walked in the door.
The first thing he wanted was to make sure groupon was processed.
Got in the room and it was greasy and dirty,  bedding felt, smelled and looked as if it has not ever been washed!
I got dressed and ran out didn't even care  that I lost my money through groupon!
Decided I will not buy another groupon unless I  have checked reviews beforehand.

If you want a quality massage do not go here.
He has poor customer service and does not massage any muscles.
It feels like he is slopping oil all over with an occasional hot stone.
I've had several massages and never have I had one so bad that I would not recommend the person doing it.
I bought this as a groupon and I felt that I overpaid for the service.

This masseuse changed addresses.
he is now on 33 N. Lindsay Rd.
Gilbert Arizona 85234 - the phone number listed is the same!
I have bought a 2 massage package from groupon.
The first Massage was ok ( not great, but acceptable)  and redeemed without problems.
I then booked the second appointment and shortly after realized I was not going to be able to make it - so I called, spoke to Santiago, cancelled that appointment ( with plenty of notice) and booked another appointment over 3 weeks down the road - when we would both be available.
A few days prior to the appointment i received a missed call from Santiago - which I though strange, but called back and left a message saying I was returning his call - and for him to call me back if he needed to talk to me.
On the day of my booked appointment I left work earlier and headed to his location, only to find out he had someone else booked to the same time slot I had.
I am under the impression this client was not on a discounted rate, so Santiago gave him my spot.
Santiago then said I "did not show up" for our previous appointment ( even though I gave him more than a week's notice) and said he called and left me a message ( which he never did).
He even said I called him back, but he did not pick up the phone or returned my call.
I am not sure if Santiago is disorganized or dishonest - either way I have no intention to ever set feet there again.
It does not surprise me he has so many poor reviews, and I am sorry I did not check his reviews before.
My mistake.

