After descriptions of Cranachan & Crowdie being oatcake heaven, courtesy of fellow yelper and book clubber, Blythe R then I had to check it out.
A well timed tweet of a gluten free product display meant I headed there at the weekend.
C&C's location on the Cannongate and the 'Scottish' produce aspect of the shop means it will no doubt do very well with tourist trade.
This is the place to come for Scottish food and drinks, with a (very) large selection of oatcakes, spreads, preserves, drinks, biscuits, preserved meats and cheeses.
The store is actually well laid out and not too cluttered.
There is a gluten free section which stocks some oatcakes and biscuits.
There is more choice of the non-gluten free oatcakes and there are a few varieties of wheat free oatcakes, with just one gluten free version, which you can now pick up in any supermarket so I wasn't wowed there.
Obviously being an independent shop, you will pay more for these items but I did find some brands I hadn't heard of such as Angel's and they also have the full Lazy Day range which most supermarkets stock but only in one or two options so this was nice to see.
There is a good selection of beers and ciders from local and independent breweries but I didn't spot any gluten free beer options.
I was however parted from my cash (biscuits first) as I then spotted some lovely balsamic vinegar which I used to always buy at the Ayrshire Farmers Market and I couldn't resist.
Price wise, that was around £5 but I used to pay around that at the market anyway.
I would pop back to Cranachan and Crowdie for odd items or if I had guests visiting from abroad if I wanted some 'Scottish' brands as I know I'll be able to get them here, instead of trailing round endless supermarkets in a fruitless search.
I'm probably split star wise - between 3-4 for this place.
Being on a budget means I won't be here often, but I will pop in every now and again for a few treats or if there is another 'savoury not sweet' event here as the venison is meant to be fab...

It's difficult not to rave on and on about Cranachan & Crowdie - I love the fact that it does what it says on the tin.
The best of Scotland, made in Scotland.
It's so refreshing that I can walk in to the shop and know that anything I choose is of fantastic quality.
And Beth and Fiona are a breath of fresh air too - proprietors and present and really keen to share their knowledge, their journey and their collective passion for everything Scottish.
A great shop - I wish them every success for a wonderful idea put in to practice.
PS: who knew that Puffin Poo would taste so lovely?

i had the pleasure of visiting this wee shop for an open night with total food geeks.
it was quite a nice treat as the purveyors were on hand to chat with us and explain the ethos behind the cranachan & crowdie.
we were also treated to edinburgh rasberry gin mixed with elderflower cordial, mulled cider, and some tasty nibbles :)  I was slightly aware that this place had opened a few months back but being in a part of town i tend to avoid, i'd never ventured in.
i'm quite glad i took the time too though as there were so many lovely socttish items on offer!
loads of food!!
really loads of it!
teacakes and shortbread and oatcakes and chocolate and tablet and fudge and oatmeal and sauces AND all of it made right here in scotland.
not to mention the variety of spirits and beer they have on offer as well.
would you like an innis and gunn beers?
of course you do!!
here have all the types they make!
or how about a lovely edinburgh gin?
the rasberrry and the elderflower blends are available here for a very reasonable £12.99 in the pocket book size as described by one of the owners.
i also noted they have the black isle beers and an edinburgh made vodka infusion if those tipples take your fancy.
i left the shop about £15 poorer but with a lovely box of christmas shortbread, whiskey truffles, and mulled berry chocolate.
sadly all gifts are for other people or i fear i may have eaten a wee bit of each last night!
i will definitely be fighting the tourists down the royal mile to make another trip to this wee gem of a shop!

I've enjoyed a few trips to this establishment, picked up a few old family favourites and picked up good quality scottish made gifts (not the cheap tac you find in some shops nearby), for friends visiting from abroad.
The owners were very helpful and very knowledgeable about the products they sell

A great purveyor or Scottish produce, in their small chilled section they have some of the best things yould hope to find at the farmers market available on a daily basis, including some of my absolute favourites, Great Glen Game, Summer Harvest Mayo and Arran cheese:)  Well worth a visit for any foodie :)

I love this wee place on the Royal Mile.
It's a definite go-to for gifts for foodie lovers/non-Scots or for wee treats.
As Jurgen D says, it stocks the quality small supplier/artisan produce you expect to find at a farmer's market & you don't need to wait til the weekend or get up early :)  There's now a wee section devoted to gluten free produce which is great to see.
The staff are friendly and helpful & they often have events on which you can find out about on their twitter feed.
But best of all, they now have an ice cream counter.

This is the best place to find high-quality Scottish foodie gifts and produce.
Everything they sell is produced in Scotland and of the best quality, and prices reflect that but it's often worth it!
They have lovely shortbreads, jams, chutneys, whiskies and even cheeses and refrigerated fresh items.
In addition, a great perk for locals is that they pick up fresh breads from the Manna House bakery (for the same price as the Manna House!
) and it is so convenient to be able to buy good quality fresh bread on the Royal Mile.
I'd highly recommend popping in here for gifts or for things for yourself!

Having been in Edinburgh for quite a few years, I don't really check out shops on Royal mile but this is a must-see place if you're looking for a special treat, rather than the standard tourist tat!
The staff can help you out making a difficult decision for a gift or treat among a great selection of items - All manufactured in Scotland.
I was introduced to award winning products (Great taste 2013) including venison salami (which I had to buy for home consumption!
) and smoked almonds, which everyone must try at least once!!
You will find a very good selection of craft beers, cheeses, awesome garlic pesto dip, oat bakery, pottery and other high-quality items!
As my fellow Yelp friend Jamie said, "It's somewhere you'll find great quality, authentic products, unique gifts and souvenirs all in one place.
" For sure, I'm going back to Cranachan & Crowdie for more!
;-)

We went here on the Eat Walk Edinburgh tour, and went back after to get some Scottish goodies!
Anne and Fiona were very informative on the tour.
They actually work with local business to create new goods for their stores.
On the tour we tried some Venison which is top rated in the UK.
We also tried some Sherpa blue cheese and Clava cheese.
The best part for me was the oatmeal crisps!
They were like crackers but not at crunchy.
I ended up buying some Charlotte Flower chocolate.
It has smoked sea salt in it!
This was an idea one of the owners of the store had.
If you are in Edinburgh for a quick trip, make sure to hop on here for some Scottish goodies.

