I dont know when they opened, but we were driving through and it said now open.
Having been to Swagat many times ( still love swagat)  this was a welcome change and just a new place to try some desi food.
Really really good!
Very happy for having stopped by with a friend for lunch.
Very affordable and hot yummy food, and the quantity was more than enough we were quite stuffed and content.
The food in itself is yummy we ordered the vegi thali and it came with four big naans, a side of rice and three veggies plus kheer and raita.
We also had an option of  either soup or salad to start off with.
This is one place I will be stopping by often.
Ambience is nice and staff is very friendly :) , was a pleasure to dine here and I will definitely be back for more and be sure to recommend this  place to  friends.

This was one of the best indina restaurants I have ever been too.
My girlfriend recommended the place after her coworker visited the restaurant for lunch.
The food was was very flavorful and the service was very welcoming.
I couldn't stop stuffing my face with the delicious food.

The chicken tikka masala is a great favorite.
My two kids (ages 4 and 7) eat it like it's ice cream.
The restaurant was hopping...a great new Indian restaurant on the west side.

Great Indian?
My favorite part of this restaurant is their lunch menu (they don't do buffets) it is so affordable, so you can take multiple items home to try!
For under $30, my hubby and I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Shrimp Vindaloo, Lamb Biryani (rice dish), garlic naan, plan naan, and extra raita.
All meals come with their cumin toasted basmati rice!
We have enough for at least another meal and half!
I am so excited they opened.
Haven't ate in yet, dinning room looks nice and staff is always wonderful during counter service.

Embarrassed to say I am new to Indian Cuisine :)  That being said the waitstaff here was incredible in helping me decide by making accurate comparisons.
The flavors keep your mind guessing and your palette interested.
They get an A+ from me on portions, affordability, knowledgeable waitstaff and flavor.
I'm HOOKED!!

I stopped at Dhaba for the first time this week.
On the good side, the restaurant looks very good and the staff is courteous and efficient.
Also, our naan bread was delicious.
On the bad side, the very bad side, the lamb vindaloo was inedible.
It appeared to be canned tomato soup, slightly spiced and heated with some lamb dropped in.
Terrible!
The chicken tikka masala was barely passable.
I think the sauce also came from a jar, at least it tasted like it.
I cannot recommend this restaurant for anything other than naan.
If you want Indian, any other Indian restaurant in town would be better.

Indian food is one of my absolute favorite cuisines for its flavor, spice, and creativitiy, but the price of it versus my grad student budget makes it a special treat only.
After seeing Dhaba's affordable lunch menu online, I had to try this place out.
I'm incredibly happy I did.
Surprisingly quiet for noon on a Saturday, but it just meant that my food came to me faster.
The $6.95 lamb curry with basmati rice was savory and delicious.
Medium spicy was definitely medium, so as a spice enthusiast, I'm getting hot next time.
For the price, I certainly didn't expect a choice of soup or salad with my entree, but ta-da!
I chose the lentil soup.
While it was a very small portion, it was really good, with carrots, vegetables, and lentils in a light broth.
The strawberry lassi arrived with whipped cream and a cherry on top, like a strawberry shake, but one sip revealed a great blend of strawberry with a yogurt tang.
It went really well with my meal.
Last but not least, the naan.
Garlic naan.
It's my weakness, and this is some of the best I've had.
$2.95 got me a basket full of hot naan crammed full of chopped garlic, cilantro, and ghee, and it was wonderful.
So for $13, I got a meat curry, soup, lassi, and naan.
There are Indian restaurants that would charge me that for the entree alone, and the quality of the food was the same, if not better.
Dhaba is definitely worth a visit.

My husband and I were in Middleton in September for the Midwest Tandem Rally and happened in for dinner after a day of riding.
We were absolutely delighted with the food and service.
We were told they had just opened that week and sure enough, I couldn't find any place to give them the glowing review they deserved.
Fast forward to November and we went back for a weekend "get away" from the Twin Cities and had dinner again here at Dhaba.
Still one of the best meals we've had out and a real bargain too.
I actually signed up for Yelp just to give this restaurant a review.

Excellent food, best Indian in Madison that I've had Nice place great service awesome prices

Dhaba Indian Bistro is so good.
I've only ordered take-out so far, but the dining room looks nice.
I love all their choices of naan, the Samosas and their many vegetarian choices.
I'm able to spend about $13 and stretch it to two or three meals!
They let you choose how spicy you want curry dishes, which is nice.
Flavors are vibrant and so good...
I might have to order from them for supper tonight just thinking about it!
Definitely worth a try.

A lovely oasis of elegant, yet personal, table service in a mecca of fast food lunch joints and chain restaurants by Greenway Plaza.
Extensive menu selection, delicate spicing, refined presentation--all served by waitstaff who clearly know their menu and are enthusiastic about it.
Attentive service , yet unobtrusive--no " hi, I'm Patel, your new best friend " business--just genuine care and grace about your experience.
All dishes are served promptly (no worries, office park crowd)--in lovely crockery and china, with starched cloth napkins and substantial silverware--no sporks here--creating an atmosphere of grace and relaxation--even during a busy lunch hour.
Quiet enough to hold a conversation without employing lipreading skills--another plus.
(No typical Indian buffet scene to ensure you'll get the flu bug either.
)  Dhaba also offers take out menu to consider for dinner when commuting home.
Best basmati rice in town--all very reasonably priced.

So glad we found a good Indian restaurant in our area!
Woo hoo!
We order the fish masala (medium spicy) and the chole with garlic naan and it is soooo delicious.
The prices are reasonable and the food is so flavorful!
Also they are very quick when we call to order takeout so we have been very pleased.

For all the people stating that this is the best Indian food in Madison, I can only assume that they have not ever been to Maharaja.
Or Swagat.
Maharaja is the best Indian restaurant in Madison, and we have been going there for years.
But to keep an open mind, we have tried Dhaba twice in the past month.
First of all, the place itself is nicely decorated, and the service is excellent.
The waitstaff are polite and attentive, and there are plenty of them.
But the food is just not that good (other than the Naan).
Every entree comes with either soup or salad.
We have gotten their lentil soup both times, which is buttery, thin, and tastes very little like lentils.
However, it's not bad, just not very interesting or lentil-y.
For main courses, we have had the Chicken Shahikorma and the Chicken Tikka Masala, as well as the Spinach (ie Palak) Paneer (a combo of spinach and farmer's cheese-like cubes) and Spinach Aloo (spinach with potatoes).
The first time we tried the Chicken Shahikorma, I was suspicious that the base of it was actually canned tomato soup with a few spices added.
Seriously.
It was a very thin sauce, with cut up chunks of nicely cooked chicken breast in it.
But the sauce was not like any shahikorma I've ever had, and it was not interesting.
The second time we came we had the Chicken Tikka Masala, and strangely enough, it had the exact same sauce as the shahikorma.
The two dishes should not, repeat not, have the same sauce.
And the Chicken Tikka should have been made with chicken cooked in the Tandoor oven, but there was no evidence that it had been.
We felt a little ripped off that the two dishes use the same sauce.
They should not.
The spinach dishes were ok, except the potatoes in the Spinach Aloo were undercooked - as in crunchy.
I didn't eat them.
The Naan is great, I admit.
But the rest just is not that good.
Seriously, if folks want really good Indian, go to Maharaja and get the Chicken Shahikorma or Tikka there.

We decided to try it because of the good reviews it's been receiving and we were VERY impressed!
I don't pretend to be an expert on Indian food, but this is the best I've ever had.
I used to go to Swagat (which is also good), and there were a few Indian places I frequented when I lived in Denver, but this blew them away,  The Garlic Naan bread is a MUST, we're still craving it today.
I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala on a recommendation and it was awesome and my wife ordered the Beef Mushroom which was also excellent.
We ordered take-out and the food was ready very quickly and it's also very reasonably priced.
Plus, they give you a 10% discount if you pay in cash.
We have a 1 year old and are always looking for good take-out options, Dhaba might have just jumped to the top of the list!

Let me start by saying I'm Indian and a bratty SNOB when it comes to Indian food.
My family is Punjabi like the family that owns the restaurant, so I very much appreciated the mostly North Indian menu.
Food: YUM!
We have the Non-Veg appetizer platter (SO GOOD!
Keema Samosa was one of the best I've had).
We ordered malai kofta, chicken tikka masala with garlic and chicken naan.
We later got some Saag (spinach dish) and kheer.
Naan - We ended up trying garlic, chicken and plain naan.
All kind were great!
Malai Kofta - Best I've had in Madison.
I've tried a few other places and they just don't hit the spot the way this one did.
Chicken Tikka Masala - It's the only chicken dish I think is ever worth ordering at an Indian restaurant.
This dish was literally designed for Indian restaurants, it's not authentic to India rather Great Britain.
So I don't bother with anything else.
Dhaba's was reallllllly good!
Saag - My mom licked the bowl she was so in love with it.
Kheer -  I'm not someone who usually likes kheer but we had some at the end and I stole my mom's because it was just the perfect balance of sweet and creamy.
We ordered at a spice level 3 and found it perfect.
I'm not someone that loves spicy food (ie.
Hyderabi, Goan, Pakistani food..
I can't handle you) However, I do like some heat, so the 3 was honestly just perfect for my mom, sister and myself.
My mom was even having a little bit of a hardtime handling that, but she's been cooking without much spice for the past year.
Restaurant Decor: I really like how they've decorated it and appreciated the folk artwork and punjabi music playing in the background.
Totally like a real 'Dhaba' (dhaba's are the Indian version of fast food joints... you pull over on the side of the road to a usually sheltered/tented area.. at least in Punjab & enjoy the whatever deep friend/sloppy delicacy you are offered... usually some sort of comfort food.
Back to the review).
Overall this place is awesome!
I'm totally planning to cater for one of my wedding events from them!
P.S.
If you like Taste of India on Monroe street or Brookfield/Fox Valley, the owners family runs those locations as well.
TWO THUMBS UP!

This place is an amazing find.
Only one issue is that it is not open Monday.
Great food, staff is fantastic and friendly.

Came for lunch on a weekday.
It was pretty busy, but the service was still quite good.
The  menu is quite large, with lots of great curry options.
Chicken Madras was excellent, but the cheese naan wasn't great.

This is probably the best Indian restaurant I've been to, i would definitely recommend it.
I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was delicious.
Affordable prices and good service as well.
They were very helpful for explaining what a lot of the food on the menu was.

I have had nothing but amazing food and fabulous service here.
My favorites include the Tandori Mixed Grill, Chicken Madras, and Chicken Tika Masala.
Be sure to try the peshwari naan-a sweet kick to the traditional naan.
You will quickly become a regular.

On a recent search for a great local indian restaurant we discovered two within a mile of our house...both are great but this one is our new favorite!
Easy to miss from the street, it's worth the search to find.
We have been back twice and service has always been prompt and personable.
The food is equally fantastic!
My husband is a huge fan of their tandori chicken and myself love their mango chicken and chicken tikka masala.
The "dinner for two" is a great deal and a fun way to try a few entrees too.
The naan was also great as well as their lentil soup.
We are looking forward to going back!

Absolutely the best and most authentic north Indian (Mughalai, Tandoori) food I have EVER eaten!
This is a great place, run by folks who seem to have been in the restaurant business for some time.
More then anything else, the owners are involved in the kitchen, and that shows in the quality of preparations and serving.
Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for good north Indian cuisine!

Beautiful afternoon sitting outdoors at Dhaba.
The lunch specials sounded so good that I had a chicken lunch special and my wife had the vegetarian.
Both were made to medium spiciness and were served promptly.
Cold Indian Kingfisher beer went well with both.
AAA+ service.
We sat outside and enjoyed the day.

What a disappointment!
The lunch menu is cheaper because they mix in stale food.
Don't be surprised if you discover stale pieces of meat in your curry, dry, leftover rice or undercooked bread and appetizers.
Guess thats why its more affordable than the dinner menu.
To be fair we have found the food to be surprisingly good at other times.
Kid friendly too.
But its a hit or miss.
Depends on the day and what you order.
The quality  of the food is terribly inconsistent.
Ice creams are ok, other desserts not so much.
I was born in New York and I've been to authentic Indian restaurants so this doesn't come close.
The asian lady at the reception is cold and stand offish.
Everyone else is warm and if not for the occasionally well made dishes, I doubt I would go back.

Amazing service and turn-around time for orders!
Very pleasant staff and the food is incredible!
A gem in Madison!

I ordered from this restaurant like three weeks ago through the grubhub delivery service, for my boyfriend I ordered the chicken shahi korma and it was decent, he did not like it too much and for me I ordered the paneer Masala which supposedly comes with cottage cheese, onions, tomatoes, raisins and cashews ( they call it a royal delight) and all I got was "a royal fiasco"!
It was a container with a red liquid (which I imagined it was a can or two of tomato paste with 5-6 cubes of cottage cheese, I couldn't believe it!
Not even one raisin or cashew or anything similar to a veggie or nut, I spent $13 for that!
As you can imagine, I will never ordered from that place again.
The Maharaja restaurant it is expensive also but they really do have nice flavorful dishes with veggies on them!

All potential for disappointment gets checked at the door and never makes it inside.
The friendly owners, portion-to-price ratio and succulent entrees make this place 5-star awesome, a must for anyone who enjoys Indian food.
This time while I waited, the owner told me all about Uttarayan, one of India's many major festivals.
I brought home the chicken tikka masala (wife's favorite) and the chicken vindaloo, along with the veggie appetizer sampler.
The samosas are a personal fav and I get those every time, if for no other reason than the sampler of sauces they serve with them.
Nirvana for me would mean being dipped in those sauces.
Please don't eat me though.
The pakoras (fried veggies in a hummus batter) are also perfectly dippable and probably taste slightly better than I do.
For entrees, I ordered the masala mild, but would step that up a notch next time.
The vindaloo was medium-plus spicy and perfect -- just spicy enough to make my forehead sweat but not so spicy as to dominate the flavor.
The chicken in both entrees was tender white meat, expertly cooked.
Eat here.
You won't regret it.

I just died and went to Indian food heaven.
Seriously though, if I were on death row (that would suck but...)this would come a very close second to my family's homemade Cincinnati chili.
In the US it's very difficult to find the quality of Indian food you will find in the UK.
Yes, the UK where I believe Chicken Tikka Masala is going to be declared the national dish over fish and chips!
You cannot turn a corner without smelling the Indian food bliss slap you in the face.
AND finally!
I have found an Indian restaurant that has met their match in the US of 'Merica!
Dhaba Indian Bistro is ah-mazing!
So what was for dinner you ask?
Lobster Madras with Garlic Naan.
No, Lobster Madras (a little spicier and more flavorful in my mouth) was not on the menu.....but they made it.
No questions asked.
I knew the Vindaloo was too spicy and the Masala too weak for my buds so...they just smiled and brought out a beautiful dish full of those Indian flavors I have missed so much.
Too bad they're not in my hometown; I'd be there once a week...minimum.

I think I could eat here every day and not get bored.
The staff is informative and helpful.
The samosas are brought with a sampler of sauces, each one is fantastic.
It is mouth watering good!
The garlic naan is very tasty.
My husband's co-worker ate here everyday for 3 months while she was here for business.
I can see why, the items on the menu are delicious.
This place is a MUST for anyone wanting to experience the best Indian food in town!

The food is really high quality and tastes great.
On the weekend, you can get a vegetarian thali for $7.95.
That gets you.soup, three different vegetable dishes, several pieces of naan, delicious rice, desert.
Now, this is not your buffet variety food, the thali is freshly cooked, and you can tell.
The spices and flavors are sublime.
You are offered mild, medium or hot, as desired.
So, instead of feeling like you have to get your money's worth at a $11.95 buffet, try this place out.
If you pay cash, they give you a 5% discount.

Came recommended by a friend.
The staff was very attentive, and the food was delicious.

This was my first time I've had Indian food, so I was skeptical...
But this place was so good, I took my boyfriend.
He also loved it!
My favorite items on the menu are the garlic naan and chicken Curry #5

I am not a huge fan of Indian buffet since the quality tends to suffer at buffets.
This one is a welcome change.
we usually do carry outs on weekend.
Paneer masala is very good.
Their breads are extremely tasty and fresh.
Each bread had two big pieces so two people can share.
There's a good variety of breads available spinach, aloo, garlic etc.
Would definitely recommend this place.

I would say this is a 4.5 than 5.
Dhaba calls itself an Indian Bistro, and it works for the most part.
It serves a choice of salad or soup (dal) with every meal.
They have sort of a modern feel.
It works.
Dhabha in terms of menu items offers nothing special compare to Maharaja, Mahrani, Taj and Swagat.
Minerva does offer a different menu.
They just do it MUCH better.
Also they don't offer the lunch buffet but rather a lunch menu which is also a welcome change!
Lunch buffets just don't have the quality or freshness, plus you cannot cater the spicyness.
Finally, a thing I love is their Thali offerings on weekends.
Meat or Vegetarian.
I do wish they would let you mix and match the thali with the offered meat and vege dishes, I would be willing to pay a dollar more for it.
I am not a vegetarian but enjoy vege food and meat dishes :P  My recommendations: - Their Breads ( I don't know why but theirs is far superior to the competition- true tandoori flavor) - Chicken Chilli - Lamb Samosa - Spinach and Chickpeas.

Arrived at 2:30 with my wife 30 mins before they close for the afternoon and we were refused service.
Perhaps the food is good.
I'll likely not try again.

My wife and I went for lunch.
The food was very good.
Traditional Indian fare, done well.
Food was hot.
Service was attentive and unobtrusive.
We'll go again.

Unexpected delicious lunch at a place I never heard of.
I had this incredible platter (thali) of fabulous vegetarian dishes.
Every dish was distinct and robust.
The platter included rice, Chana Masala, vegetable korma and palak paneer.
All was accompanied by a flaky naan and Gajar Halwah for dessert.
I need to bring my Pakistani boyfriend aka significant other, partner, boy toy, or whatever you call your guy at age 60, the next time I come.
I would be interested in his take.
I plan to take home significant leftovers so he can try them tomorrow.

We tried this for lunch on a Saturday.
We were the first people to arrive for lunch a little after 11 AM.
The server didn't mention the specials...we saw them on the way out.
We ordered appetizers that appeared to be reheated a bit, they were not hot or very warm at all.
The soup was brought out while we were eating our appetizers, shortly afterward the entrees were brought out while we were still eating our appetizers.
The lamb masala had good flavor for left overs.
The same for my wife's vegetable vindaloo.
Naan is an extra charge, soup  is included.
All in all, clueless service as far as normal meal service goes (but polite).
Reheated food passed off as made to order.
For  a $31 lunch I would rather check out a buffet for $10 less for two people.

We are always looking for a good Indian restaurant; Dhaba is okay, but I'm not sure we'd make a special trip to go there again.
We began with samosas this is maybe my favorite appetizer, snack there is.
Theirs, however, was not up to par at all.
First, they came out way too soon, which means they were made previously and reheated (we were there for an early dinner as we did not have lunch).
They were on the greasy side, but the worst part was the taste.
They had no spice whatsoever.
I've had samosas just about in every major city in the country that has a population of people from southeast Asia--and I expected some spice.
They were so bland, it was like eating mash potatoes in a pastry (and very little texture as well).
I do want to say that when we sent the back, they were taken off of our bill.
The rest of the meal fared better; my husband and I shared an order of Chicken Tikka Masala, which was flavorful.
We also shared the Vegetable Mix Curry, which also was good.
The nan was a tad on the greasy side and cooled off very quickly, becoming a cracker.
I think we're still looking for that amazing Indian restaurant...

This Indian food is great, consistent, and delicious.
Jump in and start eating!
When Dhaba opened in Middleton, it became our weekly take-out option.
I've never actually been to the restaurant as my co-worker always makes the pickup.
Over the last six months we have rated each dish to our preferences.
Here is our list of the best tasting meals that we've had.
Sadly, we have not yet eaten our way through the whole menu.
As long as Dhaba makes food, we'll continue eating our way through the menu.
We've gone heavy on the lamb and vegetarian dishes and skipped most of the chicken and beef.
That said, here is our list of favorite dishes.
All dishes with an asterisk are my personal favs*.
Apps ==== Lamb samosa* Mixed vegetarian platter  Bread ==== Onion and pepper Kulcha* Garlic Naan Spinach Naan  Biryani Rice ========= Lamb Biryani  Lamb Curries =========== Lamb Vegetable* Lamb Masala  Chicken Curries ===== Chicken Tikka Masala  Vegetables =========== Dal Makhni* Baingan Bhartha* Paneer Masala Matter Paneer Malai Kofta  Try Dhaba and enjoy them for yourself.

The Girlfriend and I tried the vegetarian dinner for two.
I don't know what was in it, but it was great.
The waiter was friendly and didn't laugh at us when we were confused on what to get.
-Signed that guy.

This Place is so close to my office that it was inevitable to try.
so glad i did, the best, most flavorful dishes are served here.
the cheese naan, although not too traditional-Indian, is the best I've ever had.
their chicken Masala is also incredible.
The price is right for on the go lunches with generous portions.
a bit overpriced for dinner with same menu/portions as lunch, and that's why they get 4 stars!

Another delicious meal, this time with Tariq by my side.
He really enjoyed his food but will never stop measuring the food against the incredible delights at Anmol in Milwaukee.
That said, Dhaba did just fine.
We were both over-hungry after spending a couple hours at Shoe Box.
We had the Allo Tikki Chat to start.
Chana Masala and a yummy potato mash together with some sauce.
For entrees we had Lamb Bhartha and Paneer Masala.
There was loads of tender lamb in a wonderful sauce.
The paneer are squares of homemade cheese in a creamy masala sauce.
Both were perfectly seasoned to the medium spicy we requested.
We also had the naan that was soft and tasty.
Tariq had chai which was excellent, not too sweet and I had a Mud Puppy, dark beer.
The beer was a good compliment to the spicy food.
The service was excellent.
I would have liked a little time to finish my appetizer before the entree arrived.
Final bill $47 with a full meal of leftovers to go.
10% discount for cash.
We shall return.
Get the to the Dhaba.
No excuse not to.

The food was delicious and well complemented by a wonderful atmosphere and service!
The chi, nan, and biryani were to die for.

The food was great.
Unfortunately due to a chef error they put mushrooms,which I'm allergic too, when we requested none.
They apologized and gave the meal for free, but I'd recommend being careful still.
Their chai was good, but I still miss the taste of jaggery.

Although there are several good Indian restaurants in Madison, there are few to none where I actually want to sit down and enjoy a meal.
So I do take out.
Dhaba is the exception with its wide open windows and floor plan, and overall pleasing ambience.
Plus the food was excellent.
The veg samosa was perfectly cooked, and even reheated beautifully in the oven the next evening.
The crust is the tough part with samosas.
These were flaky with no toughness.
The lamb vindaloo was certainly lively, but not too spicy.
(I ordered it medium hot and it came that way--sort of 7 out of 10 on the heat scale.
)  The lamb was sufficiently tender which is the first thing I look for in an Indian lamb dish.
I thought the sauce was a bit one-dimensional, but still satisfying.
Could use a side of raita.
The baingan bharta was the best I've had yet.
It had that beautiful mashed consistency with plenty of zing from the garlic, ginger and eggplant.
The chicken spinach dish featured plenty of skinless chicken thigh, almost too much in that I really love that curried Indian spinach sauce with just about anything.
So the chicken kind of dominated the dish.
I ordered ginger naan which was sprinkled with cilantro and was both tasty and useful for sopping up the delicious sauces.
Caution: Yelp had this place listed with a full bar, now corrected, which was wrong.
WIne and beer only.
We will be back when in that part of town.
The ambience and table settings are comfortable.
I won't have my sights set on a Beefeater martini now that I know.
I look forward to exploring more facets of Dhaba's reliable cuisine.

This weekend we ventured out to an Indian restaurant that has received lots of love from Yelpers.
Though a little bit far from where we live, it was worth a trip.
Coming at 1145, the restaurant only had some customers inside.
I love the ambience and the decoration.
Pretty, neat and clean.
When we walked to our table, my eyes are set to the announcement on the wall that says: ' if you pay in cash, you'll have a 5%off for lunch and a 10 % off for dinner.
Fair enough.
Once we were seated, the waiter came right away and brought the menu.
Four of us chose one different dish so we could try four different meals.
We had quite a variety of meals: naan garlic, fish vandaloo, chicken curry, shrimp curry, lamb biryani as the main courses.
Samosa and lentil soup for appetizers.
For the drinks, we had mango lassie and chai.
Was a good experience!
The price is reasonable too!
We'll be back!

Food: We ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and Paneer Masala.
The waiter asked us on a scale from 1-5 how spicy we wanted it.
We both said 4.
The Paneer Masala had a little bit of heat but the Lamb Vindaloo was not spicy at all.
I thought Vindaloo was inherently spicy?
Service: was poor.
It was 8pm on a Friday night.
There were a few parties waiting to be seated, but the host did not bother keeping track of who was there first.
After being seated, we waited for 10 minutes before someone came to our table to get us water and take our orders.
The food took about 45 minutes to an hour to arrive.
The waiter did not come by at all after taking our order or dropping off our food.
Finally, it was just as difficult finding someone to bring us our check.
We get it.
You're super popular and busy on a Friday.
Work on your customer service.
Either hire more staff so each table can get the attention it deserves or train your staff better.
Dhaba is out of the way for me and I probably will not return.
There are other restaurants with better service that are closer to me.

This walking distance from hotel Hilton Garden which was nice.
I wanted to try out authentic Indian food.
This place was good, atmosphere quiet, nice and ok to eat by yourself.
Service was also good.
Now the food - too many choices but I ended up getting chicken Marsala with bread with mixed ginger and yogurt.
Very good just wanted it to be more spicy.

My boyfriend introduced me to Dhaba Indian Bistro a few months back and I have been a fan ever since.
I have yet to have a bad experience with either the food or service.
The staff is very friendly and definitely remember regular customers   I really enjoy the basmati rice.
One thing that I do like about Dhaba over my favorite lunch spot Curry in the Box is that they do not use jasmine rice.
While I do like jasmine rice, the basmati rice is a better fit for the curry.
Long grain rice blends very well with the thickness of the curry.
They offer a large variety of curries ranges from types of curry's and spice levels.
The work on a 1-5 scale of spiciness, with 5 being the hottest.
Let me just say that I have gotten a yellow shrimp curry dish on a 2 scale and it was spicy so be warned.
A scale of 1 is your safest bet.
My boyfriend who loves spicy food can barely withstand a 3.
They offer quite a bit of curries, shrimp, chicken, beef, lamb, goat, etc.
I must admit that I am not the biggest fan of their cheese roti bread.
I definitely prefer Curry in the Box roti bread over Dhaba, however, Dhaba's bread is more thicker making it easy to dip the bread into the curry and eat.
Their prices do go up during dinner.
Even though I've only gone during their lunch hours, I was told by a regular that their serving sizes aren't any different from lunch to dinner so keep that in mind.
It's a nice outing for people who really enjoy Indian food and/or curry.
I know for some people, the smell of curry really turns them away from eating at places like such but the restaurant does a great job with "hiding" the smells.
Curry can be very overwhelming but the aroma when you dine ad Dhaba is very inviting.
I would give them a 3.5 stars.

My boyfriend and I absolutely love this restaurant!
The service is quick and the wait staff is very friendly and professional.
Try the garlic nann - it has cilantro.
I usually get the chicken tikka masala.
You can order the food from mild to spicy on a scale of 1-5.

This was the first place I ever had Indian food.
I GREATLY enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala.
I went back quite a few times because I worked across the street.
I've since had other Indian places and I can say this is the best I've had yet.
The cheese naan was on point.
The service was superb.
Very friendly always.
They even let us know that they have "off the charts" spicy.
The hottest they have would rate maybe a 2 on the Thai spice level.
So if you request off the charts they give you some extra spice to add on your own.

Small little place that was very clean and modern.
Ordered the lamb vindaloo extra spicy and it wasn't very spicy.
Service was a little slow and they only gave us one serving of rice for two dishes.
Had to ask for another, but it took a while to get the attention of our server.
Food was good, but not spicy like requested and like it says on the menu.

