WHAT A FIND!
I hope I never need a repair again, but If I do, I know where to take it.
I had cracked my screen on my iPhone 4s pre-coffee yesterday and noticed them after stopping at Dunkin Donuts and just stopped in.
CJ was honest, attentive, quick and his prices were more than reasonable.
iFix really saved the day!

We were in Scottsdale for a meeting.
Wife notice sign so we stopped in - looks like they recently opened.
She had a big chip on her back iPhone 4 glass and wanted it fixed before it completely shattered.
For a little extra was able to change her Phone into a Red iPhone for about the same price as our deductible WITHOUT having to wait at cell store.
Walked next door for coffee and when we returned she now has a red iPhone.
Owner was knowledgeable and friendly.
He described how he can practically rebuild the entire iPhone - speakers, internals etc.
I am dropping my over priced cell company insurance as his rates are basically what I would pay as a deductible - saves me about $20.00 a month/$200+/yr on our two phones.
He also repairs other electronics but have not tried anything other than iPhone.
Highly recommend.

This place saved my life!
I dropped my iphone and shattered the back side glass.
I thought there was no way to repair it.
I found these guys and called CJ who really knows his stuff.
I came in and he took my phone, gave me a great recommendation where to grab some lunch, and by the time I was back my phone was repaired.
Fast repair, great price, and great customer service!
Thanks CJ!

CJ is great, we use him for all our computers, business and personal.
Highly recommended.

Quality work and reasonable prices.
Definitely the place to go for a broken iPhone or iPad screen.

They fixed my iPhone's screen and power button.
Awesome work.
My phone looks brand new.
They also fixed my friend's iPhone's home button for free just because I was already getting work done.
As of 8/28/13, - iPhone 4s screen replace = $79  Highly recommend these guys.
They did fantastic work at a reasonably price.

Fixed my iPhone 5 in 30 mins.
I had a baaaaad crack.
It was all crack, actually.
Just shards everywhere.
CJ and Elizabeth do this all day long.
This is easy for them.
They are pros.
They will handle your product with care and without the bs quasi-hipster attitude of some apple 'genius.

Very professional from the beginning to the end!
Elizabeth is energetic and the work that was performed is second to none!
I highly recommend using them!

iFixAZ is awesome.
They were able to fix my cracked iPhone 5 screen very fast.
It looks brand new.
I would highly recommend them to fix any mobile device.
Thanks.

I had (another) broken screen in my iPhone.
It was fixed in less than 90 minutes.
CJ and the receptionist were sweet and helpful.
Price was reasonable too: $79 for the screen fix, $15 for a new battery (I mentioned it seemed like the phone wasn't holding a charge well so he offered to replace the battery at a reduced price) = $94 out the door.
I couldn't be happier.

Owner is extremely personable cares as much about the customer as he does the business.
Gonna take all my broken electronics here.

So much better than those pop-up shops you see around town!
CJ has fixed a couple iThingies for me.

Stopped in today after researching other, local repair shops that would have required traveling farther and spending more.
CJ was pretty backed up, but had my wife's Samsung S3 repaired by the time he promised and it looks factory fresh.
The workmanship was excellent, the rates were completely reasonable and affordable and I saved hundreds of dollars in not having to replace the phone.
The wife is happy, I'm happy and now I've got to go dig through my old tech to see if there's anything else I can throw his way.
Great service with honest ownership that knows his craft.
I highly recommend iFixAZ!

My wife woke to a catastrophe early this week.
Her lightning cable broke off inside her iPad4.
She was devastated.
I followed all the Apple online protocol and as a result took it to Apple Store in Scottsdale Quarter for evaluation.
These guys really could be the next great sitcom.
After waiting twenty minutes past my appointment time, Debby Downer's male counterpart impatiently waited as we were invited to the bar.
He spouted a well rehearsed company line, meant to deny Apple's responsibility for poor design.
Then he said he had no tool to fix the iPad.
He suggested (wait for it) I take it to a jeweler and if that failed a dentist.
I had enough of this corporate BS and did what I should have in the first place, checked yelp.
And there I found CJ.
What a terrific guy.
He fixed this insurmountable problem in three minutes.
He charged me next to nothing and was pleasant and insightful throughout my visit.
I definitely will use him again.

Quick turnaround, knowledgable staff and priced fair.
I will definitely use them again.

Quick service, friendly people, fair price, and a yelp coupon.
Does not get any better.

Awesome experience.
You can either go to an Apple store and pay $80'for a new iphone battery or go to this place and get the same one for $30.
They were very nice, fixed it within the hour, owner is a smart tech guy, and they looked very busy.
I will use them again and tell everyone else I know to go to them.
I can tell the owner is proud of his business.
I think they should franchise and open in the malls.

picked up my finished iPhone from cj.
GREAT JOB !!!
My poor iPhone 4 16 gb had a small chip in the corner, and recently it turned into a full on cracked screen.
I was devastated, but thought I could live through the cracks.
Turns out it bothered me more than I had originally thought.
I know what everyone is saying...why don't you just get the new iPhone?
Well..my phone is working great, and although I can use an upgrade for the 5s, I would rather wait for something that WOWs me more.
Long story short, I dropped my phone off @ i fix az to have it repaired...grabbed lunch with the wifie ...then picked it up on my way back to work.
wow.
45 minutes and $62 later my phone looks great!
Thanks cj i fix az is the best

My iPhone 5 was pretty thrashed.
I was skeptical that anyone would be able to repair it.
Replaced screen and LCD and its working perfectly now.
I was a high maintenance customer because of the extent of the damage.
They stand behind their work 100%.
High integrity.

I walked in just before 10 and left before 10:10!
My screen was fixed to perfection at a great price!
Can't say enough about this company; it's awesome!

They backed up my old computer for about half of what I thought I was going to pay.
They were professional and friendly.
Can't ask for more!

Great guys, great service.
The broken screen on my iPhone 5s was fixed as promised, when promised, and at the price promised.
Maybe that sounds like faint praise, but in today's world, straight shooters like Chris and company are to be lauded.
I hope I never break my phone again, but if I do, I'll be back.

These guys fixed the cracked screen on my Samsung Galaxy S3.
They charged a very reasonable price and the quality of their work was satisfactory.
They were able to complete the work in a few hours which was also good.

I had a terrible experience at Apple in which isn't worth my time to even explain.
However it made me look into other options.
I found iFix through Yelp and I had a great experience.
It was close and convenient to both my house and work.
The 2 guys working were very nice we joked about my Apple nightmare.
I was in and out in an hour and they were $70 cheaper then Apple and they had the added bonus of not being genius twerps.
I will be recommending them from here on out.
Thank you guys!!

Another excellent repair of my iPad mini screen.

I have been doing business with CJ since he first set up shop inside a Cricket Wireless store front near Walmart.
Now he has his own operation conveniently close to Trader Joe's off Frank Lloyd Wright Boulevard.
My latest visit was to find a solution to my waterlogged iPad Mini, for which the Apple Store Genius people gave me a complete run-around, suggesting that I would be offered $160 for it by their recycler.
Two weeks later, the offer came back as ZERO!
CJ put on a new screen and dried everything out for $110 ($50 cheaper than I could find via Craigslist), and it is now as good as new.
Time elapsed - 24 hours so that it could "set" overnight...
I can't recommend him and his two charming helpers highly enough.

I work in the same complex as this company and CJ has been the best to work with.
It started with him replacing the screen on my IMac because it had a chip in it.
I ordered it and he popped it on with great simplicity.
The next round came in when I needed to replace my hard drive in the same machine.
I was scared to do this because I thought I might lose passwords or data, but I did not lose a thing.
In fact it was exactly as I left it, only it came back with a solid state hard drive that has been the best thing since sliced bread.
If you need anything repaired, CJ is the best and will make sure it is done right!

we brought our one year old Wii U in, which decided to die one year on the anniversary of our purchase of it.
CJ, the owner, took it apart, cleaned it, and found out it wasn't broken at all - just clogged with dust, which overheated it, and tripped its internal breakers.
We got our Wii back, and we paid virtually nothing for the service.
The guy knows his stuff.
Good to know there is place that fixes all these things - I probably would have bought another Wii and been fuming for a year about it had I not saw his sign that said he fixed video game consoles.
Definitely worth the time.

I would not recommend this company because they just do not have business ethic.
They replaced the battery of my iPad, and the battery replacement itself was ok.
But...  1.
The home button of the iPad was broken.
Before the iPad was handed over to me, a guy checked my iPad.
He obviously noticed that the home button was not working properly (he pushed it many times and frowned his eyes....), he handed it over to me, and said "Everything works fine".
I checked it myself, and I pointed it out that the home button did not seem to work well, he checked it again and said "I apologize I did not notice that".
He promised me to fix it the next day, so I left the store.
So the next day, I came back to the store, and saw my iPad.
The button did not seem to recover 100%, but got better.
And I noticed that the screen film was removed, so I asked where did it go.
The same guy responded "During the repair process, the film got burned - it was really messy, so we just removed it".
I told him why they did not put a new film because they should be responsible for the mess, and the other guy in the back room responded "we can order a new film for $5 if you want"....
I just could not believe that I was receiving that level of customer service and having that conversation.
I cannot judge the level of their technique, but I cannot trust them and would never recommend to my friends.

Great service.
Cory repaired my phone quickly and less expensive then most places I checked.

great speedy service

