I came in with cough, fever, congestion, sinus infection ... you know, the usual.
They are open late and that is a huge plus.
The place is nice, clean and well maintained.
All MAs were really nice, quick and helpful.
I was seen by PA and she quickly diagnosed me with bronchitis and sinus infection, gave me meds (pharmacy on site, another plus) and sent home.
Couple days after I went back because my cough got out of control although other symptoms were fine.
This time there was a doctor there who came across as complete and utter ass.
Didn't even bother to spend time and listen, gave me steroid shot and breathing treatment that didn't do anything for me, coming out I had full blown cough attack.
That pissed me off completely.
True, they did not charge me for the second visit, but he didn't do anything to help either.
If I need, I will probably go back (hopefully there will be no need) but I'll make sure to inquire who is working first.

And now after everything they keep sending me bill, after the doctor and MA on the front office confirmed that I won't be charged for the second visit.
Of course, whenever I call I get someone who has no idea how to respond to my questions and keeps promising I'll get a call back.
Urgh ...

We are sick and tired of this location mainly because of the doctor.
The doctor that we have seen the last two times is an old grumpy doctor.
My wife took our son in on Saturday, August 17th, 2013 at about 4PM because he has been having cold like symptoms for like 5 days and nothing was helping so we suspected an ear infection.
The stupid doctor says why didn't you take your son to his pediatrican?
Umm, hello, its Saturday 4PM and the office is not open hence the reason why we are here at Urgent Care and then just because my son was chewing some M&M's the doctor said how I am supposed to examine him?
Well, sheesh, I didn't study to be a doctor or anything but you wait until the boy is done chewing his M&M's and then you proceed with the examination.
The doctor is an old man, he is grumpy and I don't know if he is bitter because he should be retired and doesn't want to work but you don't treat patients like that and for that reason this Urgent Care Extra location has lost our business and we will happily take our business elsewhere.

I saw a P.A named Micole She was nice and attentive I woke up with my eye swollen shut turns out I had a clogged gland I think She did well

I went to this urgent care tonight because it said they had on site x-rays and I suspect I may have broken my tailbone.
I paid a $60 co-pay for vitals and to have my butt poked 5-6 times.
Was given a referral for imaging elsewhere and that was it.
Ill have to pay another co-pay there!
I came here specifically so I wouldn't have to do that.
The doctor I saw never said anything outright but his attitude about me "still" breastfeeding my son was obvious and disgusting.
I left in more pain than I arrived.
With no painkillers because they're apparently not safe for breastfeeding, despite the fact that I was actually given some after giving birth!
I am totally disgusted with my experience here and unless they take steps to fix it I will not be returning.

This place was awesome.
Check in for a free script.
The 3-4 times we have been there have all been great.
Quick, clean and effective.
The older doc, can seem a bit rude but he was great with us.
The Doc who stiched my daughter's chin,did awesomes.
Yesterdays nurse and doc were fast and friendly but did not waste our time.
The front desk was helpful, even when faced with checkin tasks she never say before.

