Don Masters was referred to me by a reputable Dental Consultant.
His business is such a  wonderful find.
I was contemplating changing CPAs, but was afraid to do so because of a long history with the previous accountant.
Don and his staff were very helpful and up-to-date.
He is meticulous with bookkeeping and is honest.
All calls and emails are returned promptly.
He knows his subject matter and is excellent at tax planning.
His fees are very reasonable as well.
I trust him implicitly and would highly recommend him to other professionals for accounting, tax planning, bookkeeping as well as monthly payroll.
All these services are rendered with complete confidentuality and trustworthiness.
I am just sorry I did not find him sooner!

Don has been serving my tax return needs for the past 3 years.
He's always prompt at returning my emails and addresses my email in it's entirety.
He's been very helpful when I have certain questions that I need answered.
He's straight forward and has provided valuable information regarding the taxable aspects of the adoption of our child.
Professional and reliable, I highly recommend Don Masters.

Experts in all things related to accounting and taxes!
Very professional, attentive, and able to save you money without sacrificing integrity.
Amazing!

Dave Ramsey recommended Masters as an ELP in my area.
- I can't wait to finally have our tax return looked at by a professional.
This sure does relieve my husband and I from the pressure of thinking we may have prepared our tax return improperly.

Donald is very good at tax preparation and very accommodating to your needs.
He was willing to stay after hours to meet with me and was very affordable.
I would recommend him to anyone

Don delivers!!!
We went to him to do our rather complex 2013 taxes.
To be honest, we were expecting to have to owe Uncle Sam.
When all was done, we ended up getting a small refund!
Yes, he is busy and can take a while to do the job.
However he always answered our questions, and finished the job exactly when he said he would.
When it comes to things I'm not an expert in, I always go to someone who is an expert.
Don exceeded our expectations, and has earned our future tax and business needs.
Skip the computer software and go see Don!

