Dr. Lyon is amazing.
I have been coming here for over 3 years whenever I have a problem (ex-dancer..
I have lots of problems!).
He's always patient, has a wonderful massage staff that know their stuff, and I walk out sore, but better.
Also, his little box of starburst at the front desk is just delightful.
You have to enjoy the small things, right?

I really like the combination of massage and adjustment that Dr. Lyon suggests for me.
I am an engineer and bothered by my neck and shoulder pain due to long hours of sitting before computers.
After 3-4 visits, the pain factor reduced to ~30% vs. what it was before.
And after more than 10 visits, I feel very little pain now.
The-massage-then-adjustment approach really works for me.

Amazing, knowledgeable, and personable.
They took me in on short notice and answered all of my questions regarding health and how to move forward with my wellness plan.
Highly recommend for anyone who wants to get a wellness check-in and a great experience!
Plus, the massage is wonderful.
:-)

On Thursday I went to the ER because I had high fevers and a non-stop headache for 5 days.
They did a couple tests to make sure I didn't have something serious, diagnosed me with an Acute Upper Respiratory Infection, and said my headaches were from the acetaminophen I was taking.
Offered me Vicodin for my body pain and said not to take any OTC pain relievers.
So, there I am with a high fever, headache and pain and nothing to do about it, because I refused the Vicodin.
Friday I called Dr. Lyons office they were booked, but he had a cancel he called me and said they had an opening.
My massage therapist was amazing, she tailored it for healing and gave me holistic tips to lower my fever an ease pain even gave me some oil I could use to open up my chest.
Dr. Lyon gave me an adjustment, he was gentile, friendly and knowledgeable.
All I can say is I should have gone to Dr. Lyon instead of the ER.
I experienced immediate relief.
I walked into his office with a 103 fever, and searing headache, when I got home it was down to 100.1 and headache free!
My fever has stayed down, and my headache is gone.
Dr. Lyon's adjustments are so reasonably priced that not having insurance doesn't propose a problem!

Called to confirm my appointment an hour before it began.
"Ya we will be here.
"   Showed up 20 min before, stayed til 15 min after.
Did 2 laps around building, and never got acknowledged once.
I mean, gorgeous establishment, absolutely stunning exterior and interior, great soothing music, but where are the employees?
Wow.
#Fail

Dr. Lyon is a caring and professional who treats you like a person, not a patient.
He has performed several adjustments on me and always listens to my concerns.
He takes great care in ensuring that I am comfortable and eases any anxiety that I have before adjusting me.
I have worked with other doctors who have performed adjustments but have not taken the time or had the patience to make me feel like they care about me.
Their techniques were a bit aggressive and I was more anxious in their offices.
Dr. Lyon has always worked with my schedule and is very accommodating.
I have recommended friends and family to see him and he has worked wonders with their conditions.
I would happily recommend him and will continue to visit his office for my needs.

I am more than pleased with the level of customer service and chiropractic care I receive at Lyon Chiropractic.
The staff is friendly and doctor Lyon is an excellent practitioner.
I would recommend Lyon Chiropractic to anyone looking for a friendly and professional environment where they can receive top quality care.

