This Toppers Pizza place recently opened near us.
We only order carryout, so delivery is not a factor in this review.
We got two pies and an order of their "Topperstix," specifically Pepperonistix.
Here's our review:  SUMMARY: While we enjoyed the pizzas, and the exceptional customer service was appealing, the lusterless taste kept Toppers from displacing Roman Candle as our high-end pie preference (Glass Nickel is the runner up) while the slightly higher prices and further distance will retain Papa John's as our "quick-and-cheap" pizza of choice.
Toppers will likely be a once-a-year option for us, or less.
THE MAJORS: I focus on five areas as the major factors in a successful pizza experience: Service, Price, Quality of Toppings, Taste, and Reheatability.
SERVICE:  A+  -- They nailed it.
The phone order was great.
The person who answered was enthusiastic, efficient, and gave me some guidance.
He read the order back.
The pick-up was even better.
All of the employees were very professional.
They greeted me when I walked through the door, lots of smiles.
Drivers were moving quickly, but respectfully, around me.
When they got my order the clerk actually opened the pizza box and took time to verify all of the ingredients were right.
I could tell she was actually doing it because she looked back and forth from the label to in the box making sure each was there.
By the way, service is really important to us.
PRICE:  C+  -- Overall, I think their menu prices are fairly reasonable.
Cheaper than Glass Nickel or Roman Candle, but more expensive than Papa John's.
I was glad we had a coupon which saved us some dough (meaning cash) and probably wouldn't order from Toppers without one.
That's sort of how we are when it comes to carryout pies.
I would have rated this a C, but two factors helped out: 1) No "premium" topping prices, all toppings are the same price, which is how it should be done.
With three types of pepperoni on the menu, this was pretty cool, and  2) They accepted our coupon, but did not take it, so we can use it again.
That really helps.
TOPPINGS:  B  -- We tried several of their unique toppings including thick-cut pepperoni, garlic-roasted tomatoes, and hand-pinched Italian sausage as well as a few of the standards - regular pepperoni, green pepper, and onion.
The portions might have been a little on the low side, but not enough to disappoint.
All were of good quality.
They aren't organic or locally sourced, but well above average.
Thick cut pepperoni was very good (not as good as Roman Candle's), as was the Italian sausage.
The onion and green pepper cuts were nicely sized, not cut too small as many places do.
My wife really liked the garlic-roasted tomatoes.
TASTE:  C-  -- Despite the quality of the toppings, the overall combination of those with a lackluster sauce and mediocre crust was not exactly thrilling.
It wasn't bad by any means but there wasn't much notable about the flavor.
I think the sauce played a big role, or rather didn't.
I like some Italian spice in my sauce, maybe a little sweetness or zing sometimes too, anything that adds character.
Topper's had essentially none.
As for the topperstix...meh.
Bread with cheese and some diced pepperoni that you could occasionally taste.
Nothing "good" there.
REHEATABILITY:  A-  -- I know many don't factor this in, but since it's just my wife and I, when we spring for a pizza pie, we always have leftovers, which means we plan on getting another meal out of it.
When reheated pie is bad, I never feel good throwing it out.
Neither Roman Candle or Glass Nickel reheat well.
Papa John's on the other hand, reheats better than any pizza I've had.
So yes, to us it's important.
Toppers fit the bill.
I reheated two pieces and it was surprisingly close to the original experience.
The crust and toppings all held up well and the cheese didn't get too greasy.
THE MINORS: With reduced emphasis, I also like to weigh these less-important factors.
APPEARANCE: B  -- The pie looked good; I mean, I wanted to eat it.
The toppings were appealing and there were generally enough of them.
The smell was good, but not that "I can't wait to dive in to this pie" smell.
COUPONS: B-  -- Some good savings to be found, but they were obviously geared towards bigger families (or bellies) than my wife and I.
MENU OPTIONS: B  -- Some nice options on the menu.
Sandwiches (called "Grinders"), wings, and quesadillas help to round out the menu.
As for toppings, they have a better selection than the big names (Papa John's and Pizza Hut) and some top shelfers like the aforementioned thick cut pepperoni, hand-pinched Italian sausage, smoky BBQ chicken, grilled chicken, taco meat, and steak; last, there are the total rarities like noodles, potatoes, and gyro strips.
MISCELLANEOUS: Socially conscious!
At the end of every transaction they ask you if you'd like to donate $1 to help feed Madison's homeless.
Final Ratings:  Avg.
Grade - C+

It was good in college and its still good now!

I have ordered delivery from here a few times.
Each time it gets worse.
This last time it was over an hour before I received it, the driver apologized and said he was new to this area, ok, but then I opened the box.
There was virtually NO cheese on the thing.
I'm talking a speck here, a speck there, MAYBE 5 specks total.
I immediately called them and the girl on the phone said they would send another one out.
I said I couldn't wait another HOUR and she assured me they'd get it there quicker but I explained that I had already used almost an entire bag of my own cheese and started the oven to make this edible.
She said she would tell the manager and have them (the next day) send me coupons in the mail for a free pizza of my choosing.
It's been over a week and I haven't received anything.
Even if I did I wouldn't use it for that location.

one word    YUCK  !!!!!!

We ordered sandwiches for delivery on a Tuesday night.
The ordering process was smooth, professional and polite.
The order arrived within the stated time, so that was another plus.
Now the minuses...when ordering the person taking the order offered me a deal of two sandwiches plus two 20 oz.
sodas for $12.99, then proceeded to tell me the total would be $16.46.
That's a hefty delivery charge if you ask me, and sorry but that reduces the tip!
I understand the driver does not receive any of the delivery charge, but jacking the order from $12.99 to $16+ makes me not have much left for a tip.
Now the sandwiches...we both ordered the Philly Cheesesteak.
They were both covered heavily in cheese, making the bun a soggy mess.
Cheese seemed to be the main ingredient in the sandwich, very sparse with the meat and veggie toppings.
Bottom line, would never order a sandwich for delivery again, would never order the Philly Cheesesteak at all and probably wouldn't bother with the pizza after reading other reviews and having better options available.

We have had nothing but good luck with them.
Quality food, super fast delivery, and everyone is very polite.
I was surprised this time that the specials were gone and a delivery fee was added, but the guy on the phone was up front about it.

It's pretty good overall but they were too light on the sauce and the music inside was disturbingly loud.
Pretty good.

The food was fantastic.
I had a Buffalo Chicken grinder and a small order of Topper Stix.
The sandwich cam piping hot and toasted to perfection.
It was delicious.
The stix were as they always are...amazingly fattening.

Skip the delivery, go for pickup.
This has to be one of the most creative lobbies of a pizza place I've come across.
4 TVs, with one always on Nick Jr.  My 3 year old appreciates that.
Not to mention a basketball hoop, hula hoops, and other fun things to keep you occupied.
That is to say you won't be waiting forever for your pizza.
Typically just a few minutes, but a fun atmosphere to be in.
The food, oh yeah.
It's solid.
Great specialty pizzas, including the buffalo chicken pizza and the taco pizza.
Not too many places make a taco pizza around here.
This place does, and it's great.
It's a great choice for the family.
While it may not be the cheapest place in town, it's a great choice.

For late night delivery it is pretty standard.
Nothing really spectacular, nothing really crap.
If glass nickel pizza isn't delivering or  if you're a third shifter look for something other then the vending machine special, this option isn't to bad.

Let me start by saying I'm a New York native and I'm generally not satisfied with the delivery pizza options in the Verona area.
That said, Topper's is very good considering its competition here on the south side.
I ordered the 2 medium pizza deal for $7.99 (3 toppings) which is a very good price compared to Glass Nickel and AJ's.
I also ordered hot buffalo boneless wings.
The crust on the hand-tossed pizza is superb, compared to every other pizza joint in the area.
It has that super chewy mouth feel with a foldable slice that I have been hard-pressed to find outside of New York.
The cheese is decent low moisture mozzarella, not bad but not spectacular either.
It's the same cheese everyone else uses and it's head and shoulders above the plastic, sickly sweet stuff that Pizza Hut throws on their pies.
The tomato sauce is pretty standard too - the dipping sauces, while not my preferred way to eat pizza, make up for otherwise slightly bland tomato sauce.
I could not stop dipping once I tasted the parmesan garlic sauce though - it is absolutely fantastic.
Fresh toppings round out the four stars - no canned mushrooms here and the onions were obviously sliced recently, not sitting in cold storage for two days.
As far as delivery goes, Topper's will be my first choice for value, and for that amazing crust that makes me feel like I'm 16 again, walking to the park after school and buying a couple slices of pepperoni from that pervy old Italian guy that ran the corner pizzeria.
Glass Nickel is a close second but far too expensive for my preference.
The boneless wings?
I'll have to revisit them another time.
They had a nice hotness to them without too much fire, and were cooked well, but the breading was soggy with buffalo sauce by the time they arrived at my door and I missed out on the crunch factor which is the only reason I really ever buy boneless wings.
All in all, Topper's is my new favorite in the Verona area, but they don't really have any decent competition.

