Can't believe there aren't more reviews about this place.
Anyways, I lived here from November 2011-September 2012.
If you're considering moving into this apartment complex, take the advice that I gave the couple sitting with a leasing agent as I turned in my keys to move out...which was walk out the door and run away as fast as you can.
This place is a nightmare.
The people that work here are completely rude and condescending.
The people that live in this complex never seem happy.
I didn't see one neighbor smile in almost a year.
But It's not difficult to understand why.
The insides of these apartments are DEPRESSING.
I had a large floor plan, 2 bedrooms, 2 baths and you would walk into the place and the feeling can't be described.
The kitchen is small.
Everything seems "closed" and dark.
Everything is old and crappy.
And I was in a remodeled apartment.
I really couldn't have imagined walking into that place another day.
It's just such a sad way to live.
And I had one of the nice ones.
It's not like these apartments are cheap either.
I was paying $930 a month for rent.
I've moved into a MUCH nicer place in a MUCH nicer neighborhood and am paying almost $100 less, and the APS bill is 1/2 what it was at Broadstone.
These people place the "Scottsdale" tag on the complex just to pinch more money out of you.
It's Phoenix, and it's the most overpriced dump in the area.
And don't get me started on the maintenance staff.
I told the people in the office 3 times my dishwasher was broken.
They came and "fixed" it.
They fixed it for a 3rd time, I came home, put a load of dishes in the dishwasher, left the house, and came back to my kitchen flooded with water.
That was the tipping point for me.
For the price, the experience, and nature of the whole place, I think a park bench in downtown Phoenix would be a better alternative than signing away a year of your life to these people.
They don't care about you.
Oh, and by the way, my last month I had the option to either get them a Cashiers Check ($8 charge at my bank) or go through their online pay system which charges a $24 convenience fee.
Real nice.

Unlike the first review mine is positive.
I currently live here and so far my only gripe has been the extremely inconsiderate and rude younger residents being unable to comprehend that screaming at 5 am on a Saturday isn't acceptable.
Aside from that, the NEW management seems to be upgrading thnigs, any issues I've had were delt with in a timely manner and none of the residents seem to be as depressed as the original reviewer stated.
Hopefully they keep repairing and upgrading.
No bugs, no old or broken appliances.
All in all so far so good.
EDIT*** This complex is no longer managed by Broadstone, so again the previous review holds no grounds really anymore.

I was leaving at this  place for over 3 years.
It was not too bad.
Maintenance ok, electricity little high.
The only think that I will complain is about this.
They charged me when I left : 41 dollars for water 100 dollars for carpet cleaner  150 dollars full clean  200 full pain  Trash removal 50 and another 50 for mirror mounted on calling .
Total 591 dollars .
And believe me I cleaned everything when I left Just make sure that you will fix and pain everything like new once you leave .

beware!!!!!!
(i do not live here, but my boyfriend does.
and i have experienced this company's bs firsthand.
so, i feel like i have the right to review it.
i will be so happy for him when his lease is up.
this place adds a ton of unnecessary stress to your life!!!
)   if i could give zero stars,  i would!
this apartment complex is terrible.
management doesn't care about their residents.
they are rude and it takes forever to get a maintenance request taken care of.
the worst thing about this place is the fact that they have a deal with a towing company, kwiktow, where they have the tow trucks randomly drive around the parking lots and tow residents cars.
this happened to my boyfriend's car.
he got home and not even an hour later went back outside to find his car was towed.
they are supposed to give you a warning before towing your car.
he had been parking in that spot for nearly 6 months with no problem.
the assigned parking spots they give you are farrr awayyyy from your front door.
so, many residents make agreements with eachother to trade spots so that they can park closer to their apartment.
the apartment complex is clearly just money hungry!!
i mean this is supposed to be your home, a place where you feel safe and comfortable.
not a place where you have to constantly worry if your car will be there when you go off to work in the morning.
the water bill is always ridiculously high because their sprinklers are broken and flood the parking lots.
why should residents have to pay for that??????
there is something wrong with the plumbing in my boyfriend's apartment and both toilets overflow at their own free will.
he has come home to find the toilets overflowed all over the floor.
he called the office and told them about the emergency and they say oh we're so sorrrry we are sending someone right away!
but guess what?
every time it happens, he has to keep calling them back.
he has waited up to 2 and a half hours to finally get someone to fix it.
but they don't even really fix it.
hence, why it keeps happening.
they once had an actual plumber come and look at it and he said something needed to be done or else it was going to keep happening.
the plumber told the maintenance man that they needed to put a camera down the line and the witch in the office apparently decided against it.
just hours later, it happened again.
one time it happened at night and he called the emergency maintenance line again and again and left messages with no response whatsoever.
not even in the morning did they call him.
he had to call and bug them til someone came.
so he had to go use a public restroom.
not to mention.
when my boyfriend was at the office with beth signing the lease and all, she asked him what day he wanted to move in.
he told her he was unsure and that the date might change due to his busy work schedule.
beth told him that it was fine and that he could change it no problem but to just choose a date.
so he did.
when he called her to switch it to a few days later she then told him he would still have to pay prorated rent for the original move in date because you are not allowed to change your move in date.
so, in other words, she straight up lied to his face.
thennnn, when it came time to move in, she didnt have the keys made.
which is ridiculous considering they should have been ready for the first move in date.
i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy!!!
stay away!!!!
highway to the danger zone!

