On Friday, May 3rd, my girlfriend and I went to the Grand Opening of the Sapphire's Pool and Day Club.
For the chaos that was expected on an opening and holiday weekend I was thoroughly impressed!
Our waitress was super nice and extremely fast with our drinks (and we ordered a decent amount).
We also ordered from one of the  bartenders a few times that was super friendly as well.
Even the security staff had a great sense of humor and were very personable.
From walking in just past 11am when they opened until 7pm when they closed this was a great day in Vegas!

Amazingly small but classy and beautiful pool.
Friendly people too.

Now granted I was at Sapphire for a concierge event, similar to Elite events where they really treat you like gold in hopes you refer their establishment.
Well job well done because this day/pool club was AMAZING!!
We walked in to 2 of the Sapphire honeys in bikinis for a nice photo opp.
Then tons of booths set up.
A heirloom tomato, cheese and vinegar booth, a mac & cheese with lobster booth, steak, chicken, sausage and veggie kabobs, and did I mention the alcohol??!?
A belvedere booth (my personal fav), absolute, smirnoff (new red velvet flavor was awesome), a tequila booth, and many more.
Also, we didn't even truly need any booths.
We were hooked up with an open bar wristband, and they were walking around serving sliders and shrimp cocktails.
There were misters going to keep us cool, people playing in the pool, and the men of sapphire making rounds so all the ladies were entertained.
They offered us each a daybed/cabana to return and enjoy.
As well as a t-shirt, hat, glasses and a free drink inside the club.
The only downfall of this event was that it seemed the girls working were not so much the "cute girls" Like hey ladies, free house fee, and only the desperate ones took the bait.
Not that many attractive girls til you got to the inside of the club.
But as for a cool adult day time pool hang out, mission accomplished.
Can't wait to return and enjoy my free cabana.
Thanks Sapphire for hooking us concierges up!!
Job well done!

great place to chill and cool down and have a good time DJ  is  awesome as well awesome staff everyone is really friendly i had a really good time will definitely recommend

My friend won a comped cabana courtesy of Jelli Radio.
As I am readjusting to life in Vegas, I thought why not check out this new spot.
This pool was amazing!!!
For a Sunday afternoon, the DJ was on point (spinning mostly house and hip-hop), we were treated like gold, and the service was impeccable.
The space reminded me a little bit of Venus at Caesars.
Not too crazy or packed, super chill, very laid back atmosphere, with a bit of a more mature crowd.
There were two pools, the main one which had a water fall in it.
The second had a side glass, so you could see glorious legs and bottoms in barely there swimwear.
There were beautiful women and hairy men everywhere.
Our cabana was large and lush.
Plenty of seating.
Had a giant plasma screen tv mounted to it.
There were mango-peach scented cooling towels in the fridge.
I am not sure if the calmness on this day was due to the rain that was occurring in parts of the valley, it being the Sunday after 4th of July weekend, or what, but I really dug this spot.
I am not quite sure if it is topless.
There were a lot of ladies running around with Sapphire pasties on their tatas...
I did bust out the ladies and no one yelled, so test your luck ladies.
My only beef is that I had to valet my car.
I only had $1 in my purse.
I didn't feel too bad for tipping a buck when I was forced to valet.
Despite this little bump, I will definitely be back and recommend it.
Sapphire was shining bright like a diamond, y'all!

My wife and I had the best time here!!!!
Even before we went the customer service was great and the limo driver was prompt and very nice.
The DJ played great music, the service was perfect and the drinks were strong :) We live in Vegas and will definitely be going back, it's easily better than the more high priced pools

Wondering how to spend your summer days in Vegas?
Sapphire Pool and Day Club is the place thurs-sun 11-7pm!
The cocktail, bartenders, host, security and management are all on point!
They create a one of a kind pool experience with attention to detail and some of the most delicious cocktails!
Cabana attendants even go the extra mile chilling beers on ice pool side and offering ice towels.
Now what pool could be complete with out some entertainment?
There is Deejay TrueLove who mixes everything from top 40s to throwbacks.
Oh and have you seen the girls?
There has def never been a pool party with so many lovely ladies who are friendly and beautiful!
There are dancers at the pool who are there to party, gogo dancers keeping the energy up and bottle service girls popping everything from magnums of Dom to the classics like Grey Goose.
When I'm looking for a place to tan and sip some drinks I'll def be back!

Beautiful Pool.
Great food.
Amazing staff - from the valet guys right up to the General Manager.
They've done this right.
As nice as any pool in Vegas.
You won't be disappointed.
The facilities are awesome too.
Cant say enough good stuff about this place.

Ok, so I read all the reviews here and thought that this place looked like a fantastic place to spend the day.
And I wasn't wrong....almost.
Let's start with what was fantastic: the venue (great vibe, we got upgraded from lounges to daybeds), the pick up from our hotel was on time, the driver courteous, all the staff, in fact, were incredible EXCEPT one of the dancers.
I was so happy with our day out til this incident happened.
Management, if you read this, remember you can work very hard to please a customer, but if they feel wronged at all that customer service doesn't count for anything.
The incident in question involved the dancer Toy.
I decided to go for a dance with her despite my girlfriend's protests that she didn't feel that Toy was a nice person.
The short version of this story is when I was having a dance with Toy the conversation was: Toy: "Are you going to tip me?
" Me: "What does that get me?
" Toy: "Me not walking away.
" Me: "OK.
Walk away if you want.
"   At which point, after about 5 mins of the 15 min dance I'd paid for at a cost of $200, she walked away.
She then proceeded to tell management that I had done something I can't write here several times and to kick my girlfriend and I out.
So they did.
In fact, several guys and a girl from management came over to my day bed, surrounded me and escorted me out.
I told them my version of events (I was sober) but they said that effectively they have to take dancer complaints seriously.
So it strikes me that dancers have this power leverage.
On the plus side they gave us a ride in a limo to our hotel and the staff were amiable throughout the entire incident.
Unfortunately, that does not change club policy.
I had been offered a discounted VIP table at Sapphires the same evening.
As if I was going to go!
So Sapphires lost a bunch of money there.
Overall, excellent staff, fantastic drinks, great atmosphere but management policy to side with the dancers needs more flexibility.
Thanks for the day, but that one act means i will never go to a Sapphires event again.
EDIT: Management responded to this review positively, offering me a comped day bed and other nice things.
It's at these times that customer service is most important, so props to them.
Although I can't take them up on the offer, it is appreciated that they took the time.
I have increased the stars to three from two.

98 dudes VS 2 hookers.
The pole dancers were having fun and entertaining.
Seriously, it's a sausage fest and way too frickin' loud.

Looked promising and the reviews were good, so we tried it in a Groupon deal.
Surprised by the $75 f & b minimum on loungers and the entire "stage" level being reserved for "VIPs.
"  Combined with the fact that the place was nearly empty at 1:30 on a Sunday, we left after 20 min.
I will say that the staff was super friendly.
I can totally see how some people might enjoy the place, but it just want our scene.

Overall I had a great time this past Sunday.
The DJ was amazing!!!!
I would go back there just for him honestly.
DJ CAMPAIGN or something like that.
He was good enough that I'd actually look him up to see where else he DJ's.
He had the whole pool going crazy.
Yup seriously that good.
Anyway, as a female going to a pool party at a strip club, I was worried that I'd feel out of place and self conscious but it wasn't like that at all.
The staff was friendly, especially Terry who frequently checked in with us to make sure we were having fun and well taken care of.
The "entertainers" were relatively friendly and didn't make me uncomfortable as I expected.
I would go back but I'll be checking to see who the DJ is first cuz I think he's the reason the whole experience was 5 stars for me.
Without him, I'd have given it a 4.
Also, locals are FREE which is awesome cuz other pool clubs want locals to pay cover and I'm not cool with that at all.

So I came here looking to kill some time before my flight on a Sunday afternoon.
I came here looking to go to a strip club but seemed that all that was going on was their day party so decided to check it out.
So what had me confused about this place was... Is it a strip club?
Or is it a night club?
Either way they had a live DJ spinning Rap and Top 40.. the crowd is all over the place at this place.
There is your younger crowd as well as the old pervs.
About 90% of this place is filled with guys and the bouncers are kind of douchey.
I also felt kind of worried since they have police officers patrolling the pool party.. first time I seem police hired as bouncers.
I did enjoy the valet service they had though for 20 bucks they will take you back to your hotel and they take you in a party shuttle.

Interesting place

This pool was pretty awesome!
I went on a Friday with one of the pool tours.
Great music.
Volley ball game in the pool.
Good food.
The limbo.
Free giveaways.
What more could you ask for?
The crowd was cool, not one of those stiff crowds like at the Aria pool.
Normal people having a good time.
I would definitely come back.

