Starbucks corporate people.... please step up your game!
I was pleasantly surprised to see a Starbucks in Caesar's Palace, they are located in the Augustus tower.
I was salivating all morning thinking about a strong cup of Joe and delish pastry, until I visited.
I ordered my usual, an Americano, and when I went to the sugar and creamer counter... there is NO SUGAR IN THE RAW.
Really?
Not only am I getting charged an extra $1 + for all items because its a Starbucks in Vegas, and everything is overpriced, but NO SUGAR IN THE RAW.
Get it together, people.
If you're going to charge extra, please have our condiments available!

Perfectly situated right as you exit the guest elevators of Harrah's Casino Hotel, Starbucks is the destination for most guests for a quick breakfast and coffee before hitting the penny slots!
There was usually a line, but it moved quickly.
The only complaint I have is that they didn't put out condiments such as cinnamon and nutmeg, like most other Starbucks do.
The workers were nice and got our orders right each time!

Conveniently located for me right by the elevators so that I can blunt my hangover from the night before.
The staff is fast and efficient.
Minus half a point for not being able to take my Starbucks card off my phone, and minutes half a point for not being able to refill my card.
Why?
Well, that's because Harrah's (or their parent conglomerate company) wants to control every freakin' thing, so they're not fully part of the whole Starbucks network.
That right there, my friends, is some douchery.

Starbucks is a corporate chameleon.
It can change to whatever environment they are in.
The Starbucks in Caesar's Palace is a cafe with a hotel lobby feel.
While the new Buffet grand opening in Caesar's Palace got all the press, a new Starbucks in the Augustus Tower opened without a word.
To this day, Caesar's Palace is keeping their new Starbucks a secret.
In a way, it is like finding Secret Pizza in the Cosmopolitan.
On Saturday, I was exploring around Caesar's Palace when I noticed the iconic Starbucks logo near the elevator bank.
I decided on the spot to try it.
This is a busy Starbucks.
Obviously people who stay in the Augustus Tower enjoy Starbucks.
What stood out in my mind is that the seating is a large two sided couch.
It is interesting seeing strangers sitting on a couch drinking coffee.
On both sides of the couch are wall paintings that celebrate Las Vegas.
I said that Starbucks is a corporate chameleon.
I uploaded a picture of "Welcome to Starbucks" on a copy of the "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign.
One side of the couch faces the hallway of the Augustus Tower, which could be interesting people watching.
The other side faces the counter.
At the counter, the baristas were friendly.
Near the counter was a constant line.
Where the Augustus Tower Starbucks is low on seating capacity, it is high on price.
This is the Strip after all.
As I said Starbucks is a chameleon.
I am optimistic that they will change the personality of future stores to fit into other places.

Located in Planet Hollywood next to the Sex & The City Slot machine game and across from Spice Market.
I love my coffee.

yep , its a starbucks.
actually a dead starbucks.
was able to walk right up to the counter.
It is a nice place to get a drink and relax.

