The Flamingo pool has seen better days but those days as long gone since they turned it into a day club but just plain trashy  compared to Marquee Day Club at the Cosmopolitan and Encore Beach Club at Encore and the pictures of the pool on the Flamingo website are very deceiving.
To enter the pool, you have to walk outside of the habitat towers from the filthy hall into the wildlife park and walk a long path towards the end of the hotel near the valet just to get to the pool.
You can see a lot of non guests just walking into the pool and you wonder why it's so packed?
Before entering, security checks your ID if you're below or over 21 and if you're over 21 you have to get a wristband to stay in the Go party pool but if you're under then you are only limited to the kiddie pool which is above the Go Pool.
The pool is nothing I would see in other resorts I've stayed in Vegas (Bellagio, Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Paris, NY NY, Excalibur and Orleans) because the pools are clean and don't have beer cans all over the pool and lots and lots of chlorine !
The music was way to loud to just relax and listen to your iPod or read a book, pool security is very unprofessional and treat you like another number guest or non guest and some of the lifeguards just mingle with the crowd instead of sitting at there posts.
I'm more of a relax by the pool and get my tan on kind of guy and stay by the pool for hours but I stayed here for less then an hour and left me with a bad taste on the Flamingo and the rooms and nothing special but that's another review.
The best pool IMHO would be the Mirage pool because it's more upscale, cleaner and has a better looking crowd.

Was there in August.
The pool was a full party atmosphere.
DJ Reaction pumping the tunes, Free Beer Fridays.
Booty shake contest in the afternoon.
Yes the walk was a little long to the entrance of the pool but nothing terrible like the last review stated.
Once we got established we had no issues.
The waitresses kept checking to see if we needed drinks.
Security did their jobs, keep an eye on everyone and remove the CLOWNS.
All in all a great time and I would stay both at the Flamingo and the Pool again.

Perfectly acceptable pool...although the loungers are WAY too close together...best spot is across from the dj booth...which is near the bathrooms and the bar service....and gets sun most of the day.
Attractive and fun ladies doing a pretty good job of keeping your thirst slaked.
Music is "bumpy" but decent....way too damn loud however...impossible to have a phone conversation.
Prices are standard...about $25 for a bucket of 6 beers...I think...domestic crap beer..but drinkable.
The Flamingo hotel has seen better days...the place is more or less a dump....but the pool is reasonably well maintained.
This is not the hoppin' adult place it once was....no fornicating in the cabanas anymore !
If ya go....go early to get good seats...and be aware where the sun is relative to shadows from nearby buildings.

This place is fun, the vibe is relaxed and spring break at the same time.
Its cheaper than most other pools.
Get there early because chairs are a rare commodity.
Room key gets you in free.
Eat before you get in there too, because there will be signs at the beer stands for food....they don't have any.
You have to order all food through roaming waitresses and it could be a while.
But we got some nachos and they were up to my pool food standards for sure.
Its fun, try it.

This pool party is always fun!!!
I frequently visit Vegas and I love this pool.
The other pool parties are so expensive and a hassle to buy tickets that I just prefer to come here!
Its always a good time!
Music, booze, hot bodies what more can you ask for!
Oh, and no children must be 21 and over!!!
Vegas is not for children.

This was my first time going to a public pool party.
My friend who was recently here told me that this was his favorite pool so I decided to listen to him and go here and the key selling point for me was that its adult only pool area.
Since we were not staying here, it was $25 for guys to get it but it is free for ladies.
I was so happy I came here.
It was really hot so I spent most of my time in the pool.
I really loved the waterfall with a little cave area.
The music was great and the people were so friendly.
Since I was by myself I made new friends.
The only problem is that you have to get there early to get descent chairs.
I'm planning on having my bday in Vegas next here and I really want to rent a cabana or get a day bed depending on how many people join me.
The drinks I got there were awesome.
The sunrise sunset was delicious and so was the Hangover.
They have 3 or 4 different bar areas so its really fast and easy to get a drink even on a crowded day.
They have food but you have to go up the stairs to the other pool area to get it which was fine.
I am definitely coming back here.

Spent the weekend here with a girlfriend for a little staycation on the strip.
Had a blast at the pool.
It was so hot out & those frozen drinks were awesome.
It was fun to stand under the waterfall in the pool.
A totally refreshing way to cool down.
We had no problem scoring a place to sit.
And from where we were sitting the people watching was great.
Cant wait to come back again some day.

Question, if you have one room key, but 2+ people, does that cover all the people in your group, or does each person need a room key?

The properties around this pool does this pool area NO justice!
The Flamingo is a total dump, and the HGVC behind the pool is a half a step better than the Flamingo.
Nonetheless, the Adult pool is pretty descent.
It's not over priced like most other pool parties and the water is pretty well maintained.
It doesn't turn a hazy grey by mid-day which is totally disgusting!
Anyhow the service from the girls are awesome.
They are always on top if their game, and you're never with an empty cup.
We rented the day bed, which turned into a total waste since it was way too hot to lay out.
We got there plenty early to find good free beds, but we immediately went for comfort and convenience.
Prices of drinks are average, but the quality is pretty damn good.
The food is descent and is competitively priced.
The cabanas are not really cabanas compared to the other hotels, but then again it is the Flamingo.
Day beds are descent, but only two with a canopy.
DJ is kinda spotty.
The music paused several times, songs were restarted, volume fluctuated suddenly and then the music turned off all together for 2 min.
Everyone is pretty friendly and surprisingly enough even the meat heads are nice.
The pool is the only reason why I would think the Flamingo is getting any business.

Stayed at the Flamingo the past 3 years just for the pool.
GO pool is always a blast.
The 22$ drinks and strong.
Decent food.
Friendly staff, good music and a fun crowd.
Go pool is for 21 and over, they also have a nice separate pool for kids with a water slide.

POOL: Why we chose the Flamingo, THE POOL!
The GO pool is totally worth the stay.
There is one major big pool with a waterfall and there is a small pool towards the entrance.
The upstairs area pool is for kids and families.
There are palm trees in the water and there is a small lagoon area.
Dancers come out at around 11 - 12:00 PM noon to dance while trendy tunes are blasting around.
They have happy hour specials from 8 to 12 PM.
$20 bucket of beer (5) and $5 bloody marys and Coors Light cans.
There is a grotto, several drink stands and servers that walk around to take orders of food and drinks.
We ordered a chicken quesadilla and chicken tenders and were super happy with the taste and portions.
Can't complain here.
You are not supposed to bring in food or drink.
They will allow coffee and water.
Yes, things are a bit expensive in regards to drinking at the pool.
Their collective flamingo cup with slushy alcoholic beverage runs about $22.
Get there at 8:00 AM when the pool opens, so you can get a good seat, otherwise you won't find one and you will have to lay your towel out by the pool and sit.
Cabanas get booked fast.
Daybeds are $249.
Not sure how much lounge chairs are.
Think you can book ahead on the cabanas, possibly online.
NEED YOUR ID and ROOM KEY TO get into the pool, so plan ahead!
Towels as you walk in.
Not a pretentious pool.
People from all walks of life.
People were nice, wading in the pools, striking up conversations, dancing, tanning and having a great time.

I have to leave a review for this pool.
You would NEVER in a million years think anything from the Flamingo would be halfway decent... but this pool is crazy legit.
The drinks aren't as expensive as other pools (think: Wet Republic) and there's no entry fee.
Yet, they still have a DJ and several bars around the pool.
There's a really cool waterfall and tons of lounge chairs around the seating area.
We fell in love with it, especially after the DJ announced there would be a booty shakin' contest.
OH MY GOD.
Tons of hot mess females trying to pop and drop in front of everyone at the pool = pure entertainment.
Go here!

If you haven't visited the Flamingo GO Pool then you have basically never experienced life.
Wait, how can I word that more appropriately so that it does not sound like I am exaggerating?
How about: I can't remember the last time I had as much fun as I had at the Flamingo GO Pool, it is literally the best place ever.
It will put all of your previous vacations to shame, you'll probably die when you realize what a terrible time you had on your honeymoon in comparison to the GO Pool.
It's that great.
Seriously, BLOW THE WHISTLE, ITS GOING DOWN AT THE POOL!!!
After deciding on a staycation we chose the Flamingo because I wanted to see the birds and (like all girls) I like all the pink things.
We stayed the night in the casino, walked around on the strip and did other lame Vegas things.
The room was also amazing, BTW, and the guy at the counter gave us a small upgrade and was totally awesome at not being a customer service failure.
In the morning we went to the pool intending to stay just an hour or two.
Yeah right, impossible.
Once we were nice and drunk we realized we had to work the next day and headed home.
Luckily, chlorine washes away the smell of bad decisions.
We were in the grown up pool and not the kids pool, because we like our pool to be slightly less than 85% pee.
If you like Vegas-y things then you're in luck because you can shop, gamble, eat, dance and DRINK all in the Flamingo pool for grown ups.
So why wouldn't you?
And yes, it is crowded.
So get there and start day drinking at 8am!
That's what I say.
Where in Vegas is it not crowded?
You know, you're right, I'm sure the nightclubs are much less crowded.
More room in the pool for people who don't hate fun.
Next time I am going to bypass Vegas and hit the Flamingo GO Pool and I'm not even being funny right now I am dead serious.
Heads up, security will probably have to escort me out from now on until I get banned for life.
Even then, I would put up a Facebook fan page and tweet them like every day asking for permission to return because this place is AMAZE.
The kids pool looked nice, too.
If you're into that sort of thing.

The Flamingo Hotel & Casino has the most amazing pool I have ever seen in my life.
We could not get enough lounge time!

I have been here several times with friends and loved it every time.
The only reason I gave it a four star instead of a five is that the water is sometimes a little warm from all the people in the pool and that kind of weirds me out.
I am sure that is not the fault of the Flamingo, and the water is clean and hygienic.
Their Long Island Ice Tea's are strong, so be warned.
You will not end up a little drunk, you will be embarrassing drunk, which is something I specialize in, so I would know.
There are generally a lot of people there and everyone is friendly and in party mode.
They have misters which is great for out-of-towners who aren't used to this heat, which makes up close to 100% of the people there.
They also have these cool water slides on the side for kids, however, my maturity level dictates that I would definitely have to try them and they were fun.
My friends and I were the only ones over ten years old on them but we didn't stay long.
Great atmosphere to nurse your hangover or drink your way out of it.
Be careful in the heat out there though when you are hungover, it sneaks up on you.

We rented a Cabana on June 20th in the adult pool.
It was a great experience.
Our waitress allowed us to buy five buckets of beer while they were still at the lower price and brought us a cooler to put them in.
Our Cabana girl was very attentive and regularly checked on us, making sure we had water and everything was good.
I love this pool as there is always good music, you can drink in the pool and there is an awesome waterfall/grotto area.

This is the best free pool on the Vegas strip!
The pool is free for hotel guests and charges about $15 for non-hotel guests.
Drinks are reasonably priced at $35 for a bucket of beer (free beer Fridays includes an extra beer for free) and $16 for a specialty cocktail...which the bartenders make very well and strong!
Get a pink cup and bring it back for refills.
It's cheaper though to just order the specialty drink in a cup and pour it in your cup yourself.
The atmosphere is very chill including the people.
There is a grotto area and even a few areas of shade around the pool.
The palm trees give it a tropical feel.
They usually have a DJ and on weekends there are contests if you choose to participate, winner usually gets a $50 bar tab.
Chairs are often hard to come by so I'd suggest get there early to snag your spot.
We've been here several times and have never had an issue with leaving our stuff.
We continue to visit Vegas at least on a yearly basis and this pool is one the reasons we stay at the Flamingo!

The Go pool area is fine, the way one must enter, is down a long walkway.
the worst thing is that there are not enough lounge chairs, and management knows this.
The worst part is that being a hotel guest, means nothing as far as getting a chair.
every local who wants to come in is welcome( just pay $$$ ), as well as guests from other affiliated hotels.
That means unless you want to get in line at 0700, and wait for the opening at 0800, run to grab a chair, you won't find anything.
So the average couple that parties late, wakes up and has breakfast, rolls out to the pool by 1100, is never going to get chairs.
How fun it is to be hung over and forced to sit on the concrete next to the pool.
thanks to all the non guests, your pool stay sucks.
Oh , they may offer a daybed or cabana, but it will cost way more than the price of the room.
The Flamingo needs to worry about its guests, not the other hotels and locals.
This will not happen because why would they make the guest feel comfortable, when they already have there money?
The other people are paying to use the pool, so why would the not take free money?
Its Vegas, and we the paying customers, are all ( Chumps ), so thats that.

