The food was pretty good, but the waits are too long, wouldn't recommend stopping if you have a flight to catch soon.
The problem seems to be that when we went to lunch, there was apparently 1 woman, prepping the plates.
That is, the food came out of the kitchen to this one woman, who finished the plates-soup, breads, tortilla chips, whatever.
Why only 1 person??
Quite a few times the servers were backed up standing there waiting for her to finish.
Really a long long wait for soup and salad, and fish tacos.

Today I had a flight out of Phoenix and did not have time to have lunch at home.
I was so excited to see one of my fav restaurants now open at the airport.
I was excited to find the same great food and same great service but now at the airport.
My food came out quickly, and one of the managers (Charles?
) thanked me for coming in.
The same great service I was used to at their original location.
You can tell that everyone here is on their game!!

Great restaurant and now they have a satellite location at the airport!
Awesome staff and service that is very friendly and helpful.
Food is very flavorful and fresh.
Ingredients are top notch and it is definitely reflected in the food.
I love that the airport now has a great food option instead of the normal fast food garbage!

The best airport food!
What a nice place to relax, enjoy great food and drink before a flight.
I really liked their Prickly Pear Margarita, very tasty.
I had the Dixie Chicken which is pan fried chicken with a cinnamon roll on the side.
Yup - sounds wierd, tasted awesome!
Friendly wait staff and good service.
I would go back even if it wasn't in an airport.

Great restaurant especially for an airport

Awesome service!
Everyone from the hostess at the front, our server and then when we were leaving.
We stopped by to eat before boarding our flight home to Los Angeles.
Ordered the taco beef short rib, the Howie burger and side of fries.
I can't describe how juicy my burger was!!
Medium rare...oozing cheese and tender sautéed red onions.
The short rib was also flavorful and loved the dark crispy pieces.
The fries....what can I say?
It's crispy, thin, seasoned lightly and just darn heavenly good!
As you walk out of the restaurant, you can grab a salty chocolate chip cookie!

Great option if you have time - I waited 15+ minutes to get my food to-go.
When it finally came out, it was delicious - just glad I wasn't in a rush to get to my flight.

Long wait time for a basic food item.
Yes, it was tasty and I had high expectations given the lofty prices here... but it took nearly 15 minutes and I ordered from the fast to-go counter.
They need to fix this if they're going to be in business at an airport terminal, or they need to warn everyone that it may take 15 minutes.
And when you're waiting for food to hurry through security to make it to your plane - that 15 minutes feels like an eternity.

Really good food!
The burger was delectable, the short ribs were tasty in just the right way.
I seriously recommend you get something that includes their house made tortillas.
About the service: they must be reading the reviews here, because Thursday night (day before yesterday) service was tremendous.
Did not ever have to wait for anything, and they were proactive but not overbearing about checking up on us.

This is NOT airport food!
It's wonderful and as good as the regular Chelsea's restaurant - - the chicken soft tacos are excellent.
The service is also very good!
If you're at the Phoenix airport give it a try!

Wow.
That's all I can say.
Even in an airport.
Wow.
Food was great!

It's one of the best causal dinning places in the Valley!

Get to the airport early and relax with a nice drink and some tasty food at Chelsea's Kitchen @ Sky Harbor Airport.
Good beer selection.
Tasty appetizers.
Wait staff is friendly.

Oh fellow yelpers, is there anything more wonderful than an unexpected food find, a bit of culinary serendipity to brighten one's day?
Such was my experience when coming across this delightful eatery in none other than the Phoenix Airport Dining area, next to Sauce, another solid eatery.
I was catching a morning flight to California for the holidays and realized that Chelsea's kitchen had been put in since my last visit.
I was charmed by the lights above the bar made from antique spritzer bottles and felt a little like I had stepped into an establishment in that greatest of American cities, New York.
As it was a bit early for me for lunch I ordered the oatmeal, which as far as oatmeal goes was excellent but I also ordered a cup of coffee and most glorious of surprises, they bring you a mug and a good sized french press, which you let sit for a few minutes and of course....you guessed it, press.
The coffee was amazing.
I asked the bartender what he thought and he agreed that it was exceptional.
Best of all, between the oatmeal and the coffee the whole bill was only $8.20 and with tip, $10.50, that is a heck of good deal at the airport, not only on price, but on the exceptional quality.
After reading the other reviews I'll be going back to the airport for something other than a flight and you guessed it, to eat at Chelsea's kitchen.
Note, I loved the place but I want to try a meal or two before I consider the coveted five star rank but from my initial experience, a solid 4 with 5 start possibilities.
:-)

Really?
Did I just have the BEST prime rib dip sandwich at an AIRPORT?
Yes!
It happened!
This charming restaurant (yes, charming - it even has a fireplace!
) is located in the middle of Phoenix Airport, before going through the security lines.
I was impressed that they were able to pull off an environment that feels like a 5 star restaurant in the midst of all the hustle and bustle.
The only time I was even reminded that I was in an airport was when I saw a few people with luggage under their table.
Service is first class, food is a little pricy (but typical of the airport), menu is outstanding (they aren't messing around with their french fries!
) and there is even a free gourmet cookie before you leave.
Love it!

What a gem at the airport!
Stopped in and had carnitas, Brussels sprout salad and sangria.
I have eaten at the other location, but this one is just as good, if not better -- and at the airport!
WOW.
My server, Regina, was pleasant and helped keep us moving.
Don't hesitate to try Chelsea's at the airport in Phoenix, AZ.

Phenomenal food!
Airport food no less!
Coworker and myself took a short trip to AZ and winded up here on the flight back.
Just seen this place and walked in.
Ordered: Chicken Nachos - Really good flavor...cheese was sharp and ingredients were fresh as can be.
Best part was the guac was real, not the baby food style guac!
Short Rib Tacos - Flavors and tenderness were off the charts!
I asked the waiter what the best thing was and he suggested this and man was he right.
I'll go out on a limb and say it's one of the best things I've ever ate.
Well rounded flavors and just great ingredients.
I'm coming here anytime I fly through PHX...SERIOUSLY!

This review is more about the service than the Food.
I had the food here once before and it was fantastic.
So when my friend came in from Denver, I said yes, let's meet here ,the food is great!
Well, the food was great!
Awesome for me.
I got the Brussels sprout salad,which has a touch of bacon.
$14.00, Very good but, very high priced even for the Airport.
My friend got a burger that came with fries.
For $13.00 that was a bit high I thought.
The bun completely fell apart, & we don't know why.
However, the food is very good, so that is not the issue.
The issue was our server.
She was the absolute worst!!
Everyone else is happy in here, taking good care of their customers and really working hard.
We had to get the one that did not want to be there, that did not have any idea what was going on in the restaurant at all.
Our server was Imelda, She may of been having a really bad day, or just completely uncaring about her job.
We waited about 20 min for our food.
Which of course this is a sit down place, so I am not complaining about that at all.
However, In over an hour in the place we were never offered a refill on our tea.
I had hot , she had Iced.
Our food was brought out to us, she never asked , do you need anything else, how is everything, something more, a refill, dessert...Nothing.
when she did a drive by to throw the check on the table, I was able to ask for a Take Away container for my friend.
Which she did bring to us.
But, really it was a horrible experience with Imelda.
I would watch her walk around not really doing anything, just stroking her hair.
I wondered why she did not check on us.
It was 2:30 in the afternoon she was not even busy.
The place is decorated very nicely.
With a nice faux fireplace which I think is really nice and relaxing.
I really wanted to have a nice time here, I told my friend from Denver that she was going to love the food here.
Maybe we will try it again.
But, I will be sure to get a different server.
The hostesses were sweet and friendly.

I can't believe some of the best food I've had in Phoenix is at the airport.
In the ex-location of not remotely missed Chilis to boot.
My waitress Regina surely has shrines built to her by tired discerning travelers.
She sat me down, told me to relax & enjoy, explained the specials, gave me her recommendations & left me only after explaining where I could charge my phone.
I'm a foodie from San Francisco.
The swordfish tacos Regina recommended were sublime with wood fired fish that melted in my mouth & corn tortillas still hot from their maker.
I'm an ex-waitress who knows & appreciates being waited on by a server who knows food & cares for her diners' enjoyment.
Regina was that.
I will be back here every time I come through Phoenix.
Did I mention French press coffee?
Oh yes

This has to be one of the better airport restaurants in any airport.
The only bad thing is that it is outside of security and is not the fastest place.
But the food is really good and they have a decent wine list.

Nice spot located inside of the Phoenix airport.
There usually aren't too many healthy options when eating at a bar, let a lone a bar inside of an airport-- this one is no different.
The beer however is delicious, I recommend the Duvall, it is a light blond brew packed with taste.
I had the veggie burger and deviled eggs (bacon optional).
Both were just OK.
There are a number of T.V.
's throughout this establishment for your viewing pleasure and life will move forward as planned.
Keep it moving people!

Here's the scene: A near-empty airport food court with chairs everywhere.
Over on the side you see a restaurant with comfortable chairs, filled with people.
Wait, there's a wait to sit down?
Chelsea, whoever you are, thank you.
As some other reviewers have said, this is a restaurant you would go to in NY/SF and just enjoy the food.
Although I only had one thing there (the prime rib dip + au jux), it was extremely tasty and came in large portions.
The waitstaff was very nice and at the end of the meal you can grab a sea salted chocolate chip cookie (not too big of a fan, honestly) and be on your way to your destination.
Sure, you'll dip a little bit deeper into your wallet, but not by much.
If you're in the PHX airport and need some food, this is the place to grab a meal!

Swordfish tacos were delish!
With a very cold Mic Ultra.

dined here for a quick lunch before my sister left for her flight!
service is good and good is good as well.
price is a little much, but that's what you get for dining at the airport.
would definitely return!

Very impressive for an airport oasis.
The bar is spacious with a number of interesting brews on tap.
The menu is eclectic with many of items fresh and home made.
The atmosphere is anything but your typical hard plastic airport food court.
I typically spend some time here waiting for my friends who are traveling in from other places and I almost forget I am in an airport!
The only knock is the typical airport price bump, but that is going to exist for any establishment in the terminal, so I can't blame the restaurant too much.
Keep in mind it is before security which has its own pros and cons, but I highly recommend it either way.

All the food was great!

Best food I've ever had in an airport.
If it were near me, I'd eat here regularly.
The brussels sprout salad was excellent, the prime rib I added to it outstanding.
The bloody mary was very good, but quite pricy -- over $10 each, and not a generous serving.
And, don't judge me -- it was a long, emotionally-draining weekend, and I was in a goddamned airport, so I got the pie.
The key lime pie was terrific.
Something to look forward to when passing through the Phoenix Airport, of all things!

Got to the airport early and needed some breakfast.
We wondered around a bit to see what our options were.
This one seems like the best option.
Sigh, why does airport food have to be so expensive?
Here's what we ordered: - Eggs Benedict - Pancakes - Steel Cut Oatmeal  Food was good.
Loved the pancakes!

Really nice people, but after 20 min no food no drink - so I had to leave.
I will try again - but very er annoying...
I cannot eat grains thus my choices are limited - only place in all of Phoenix sky harbor one can get JUST meat or JUST veggies with out some blasted type of grain associated with it.
This I know is stupid SH admin.... just try and get a cab in under 10 minutes and you will see what I mean...

Location in the PHX airport, great beer selection and food (try the Deviled Eggs if you're into that kind of stuff).
The bartender was really friendly as well.

What can I say for an airport restaurant, this place is over the top good.
Good music great bar staff good electrical plug ins at the bar for laptops and oh did I mention the deviled eggs for four bucks?
Yum yum

Hostesses here are difficult and make you feel unwelcome.
They wouldn't let me sit at a patio table to enjoy a drink and an appetizer while the patio was 2/3 open tables.
I had to promise to be no more than 30 minutes so that a 'real diner' could have the table instead.
Sorry for inconveniencing you Chelsea's Kitchen.
Not to worry, we left after 30 minutes as promised for fear of being asked to leave if we ordered a second drink.
For a place that doesn't take reservations, you would think they would allow a first come, first serve patron to enjoy their beautiful patio.
Sadly, the hostess took the enjoyment out of a otherwise lovely Saturday afternoon.
She could at least smile.

The salmon was cooked perfectly, the dressing had a hint of lime and garlic...it is the most delicious salad I've had in a while...unexpected pleasure at Sky Harbor

Love this place!
Recommended by one of the airport greeters and what a great airport restaurant!
I started with the special squash soup...
It was perfect.
Not too sweet - just right with creme fresh and pine nuts.
I then had the sashimi grade ahi tuna tacos and they were killer!
Just get 'em!
Service was friendly and attentive.
I'm a big fan after one visit.

Why do I bother spending 1 minute of my time on this...because entrepreneurs that are doing well deserve praise and those that don't deserve to be exposed.
The waiter I had the pleasure of dining with had a fine sense of timing, patience and service.
My food was tasty and well presented.
Their egg white omelet with herbs was very well prepared, hot & the light avocado on top added a touch of creaminess!
Franky, I was surprised at how well this egg white omelet was prepared (compared to others I've tried).
And their french press coffee hit the spot (I couldn't imagine Starbuck's hitting the spot like this did...wow!).
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.
Keep in mind that you're in an airport, so you may need to wait a few minutes at the podium for them to seat you.
Cheers to Chelsea!

Really?
At an airport??
Who would ever expect to get real restaurant quality food at an airport.
This is not chili's this is go out to dinner fine food.
I had swordfish tacos.
A full swordfish filet comes out with all the fixings.
Green beans were crisp and tasty.
Servers were all friendly.
Good job!

For airport food this place was top notch I had the steak tacos which were excellent my coworker had the filet which he said was one of the best steaks he has had in a while.
If you are stuck at the PHX airport I would check this place out.

Situated inside the airport.
Gourmet Kale Salad with Salmon.
Very good service.
Great job.

We stopped here during a layover at PHX airport.
Not sure how long it's been here, but it replaced the Chili's that used to be here...so...how was it?
meh....  way over priced for the food....and they REALLY like kale....kale everything....  it's fine to eat here once or twice...the portion sizes are VERY small...see the photo I uploaded...pay a premium for a cheese burger...litle tiny patty hidden in a big bready bun and TONS of kale 'slaw' on the side...or tons of french fries....WEAK!
I understand it's an airport but, this really was very cheap and 'low brow'...especially for a place that's trying to pass itself off as being 'higher end' than the chili's that used to be there.
the food itself, was decent enough.
No complaints about the flavor or quality.
Burgers were cooked properly to order.
Service was fine....really, they have a captive audience in this airport.
There just isn't anything else for a selection if you want an actual sit-down meal.

Great breakfast.
Didn't expect a French press when I ordered coffee!
Outstanding service and delicious food.

Curiosity got the best of me this morning.
I was heading into Scottsdale on the Metro Light Rail, when I decided to checkout the recently opened Monorail into Terminal 4.
We just spent $1.7 billion on this "Disneyland" facsimile.
My impression you ask?
Absolutely worth every penny...FAST, SMOOTH, EXCELLENT SIGNAGE, NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE AFTER BUYING YOUR LIGHT RAIL PASS, SIMPLICITY PERSONIFIED, NO PARKING FEES, SAFE.
After a bit, I got a bad case of the hungries and found "Chelsea's Kitchen".
What a treat I found.
The Chelsea Omelette was loaded with spinach, cheese, ham, guac, a delicious fresh fruit cup and black coffee...all for $15.00 The service by Nonnie was SUPERB.
My fellow guests next door were professional people from Sedona.
We all agreed, Terminal 4 is a "must stop" on your next visit to Sky Harbor.
VERY IMPRESSIVE.

Typical airport service, most food was very good.
First off, soda drinks are In a can.
The Deviled eggs with bacon appetizer were delicious, and served on a cool wooden plank.
Rotisserie chicken was soggy and shriveled on the outside, not crispy and rotisserie looking, but the fresh veggies were delish.
Burgers were unique, cooked to order and tasty and had nice presentation.
Chicken tacos were build it yourself with an ample portion size.
Coffee was French press and spot on.
We had to flag down the server for refills, sauce needed, and plate clearing.
This part put a big damper on our supposed fine dining in an airport experience.

For the first time, I tried Chelsea's Kitchen in Sky Harbor.
Having tried every other spot in the LGO family, I was really impressed with Chelsea's in Terminal 4.  read in the paper this restaurant was evacuated due to a fire which occurred about 2 weeks earlier, however no signs of damage.
Unfortunately, I rarely fly Southwest but the inter terminal bus comes every 5 minutes.
This restaurant is very large for an airport and actually makes you feel as though you aren't in an airport.
This is wonderful unless you miss your flight.
The service was up to the LGO stand, though not Misfit which is by far the best run in their family of restaurants, from a customer perspective.
We had the kale salad with salmon, crudo and ahi tartare along with some good red wines as it was post-large lunch and not quite dinner.
Everything was of the quality I'm extremely used to at LGO, meaning excellent ingredients, prepared perfectly with "special" presentation.
Great job and I look forward to returning!

I love this restaurant and have only visited it about three times.
The bartender Matthew (I'm pretty sure) is so nice and friendly and makes the best drinks.
This is one of the only two restaurants I will eat and can't wait to go back, OH and visit my parents in Surprise :

very cute for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
the outdoor patio is adorable.
I loved the deviled eggs and my kale salad!
Friend got the ahi tuna salad and loved it as well.
They put fresh twists on ordinary dishes and for the better.
Service was a little lacking but it was just so quaint, I got over it really quickly!

Customer service?
Hospitality?
What's that?
I arrive for a late lunch at 3:20pm with about 40 minutes to kill before my flight home.
The restaurant is about 30% occupied.
The hostess leads me into the seating area and attempts to seat me at a small table for two.
Again the place is quite empty.
I request a larger table, perhaps one of other ten or more open 4 top available.
She says they are getting ready for the lunch rush and doesn't want to give up the tables for a party of one.
I remind her it's a little past three.
She says, "Oh, the dinner rush".
I mention again it's just after 3pm.
She lets me know the rush starts early.
She offers another table tucked in the corner.
I think great, it's a less desirable table but with more space.
She leads me to another 2 top.
I tell don't bother I'll take my business elsewhere.
Which I gladly did.
It's my guess this is the way this restaurant operates from a management level.
Time to reevaluate your procedures.

I don't travel very often so I am a little late in noticing that many airports have foodie-friendly sit-down restaurants.
Chelsea's Kitchen, which features fresh, local fare, is one of them.
The service was great - my waiter was charming ad funny - and the food far exceeded my expectations of airport food.
I also had a fresh and creative cocktail.
I only wish I had time before my flight to try a dessert.
Chelsea's kitchen is a very good reason to get to the airport extra early.

This has got to be the most over priced under taste place in the airport.
15 dollars for a salad that is maybe worth 5?
Seriously?
Keep walking and save your wallet.
Wendy's is better.

Wow- was not expecting to find such a great place to eat while waiting out my 4 hour connection!
The food was fresh and exceeded my expectations.
Definitely worth the additional trip through security.
Fantastic roasted tomato soup.

Ok, now I'm really shock!
Having the chicken mole tacos.
Unbelievingly great!
I hope they keep this quality up!
Heck, before you know it,  I'll want to come to phx airport for the food!

Met up here with a friend for dinner who came in for a meeting.
Seeing as how it's in the airport, I was skeptical.
We had the kale/quinoa salad, deviled eggs and chips and guacamole.
Kale salad was pretty good size.
My friend brought up a good point- you want to share this or at least take the rest to eat later.
It's a lot of roughage for one person.
Good and light dressing.
The flavors went well - kale, quinoa, sunflower seeds, red bell pepper, lemon rind zest, Parmesan cheese, and grapes.
Refreshing.
Eggs were yummy but is anything not when you put bacon on it?
Good heaping amount of mixture.
Not thee best I've ever had but pretty darn tasty.
Chips and guacamole are house made.
Nothing mind blowing but still good.
Salsa had a kick and roasted flavor so that is good.
Not weak.
Overall, pretty good for airport food considering I dont think highly of airport food.
This did not let me down.
I heard they make handmade tortillas so I gotta try their other location.

Staff ruder than the main resto.
Yikes.

Best airport food I've ever had.
Brussel sprout salad is awesome.

Really unexpectedly good!
Had the chicken mole tacos.
Meal was delicious--loved the guac and the kale salad was a nice, bright surprise!
If I'm ever back in Phoenix, I'll stop in!

So it was my second time eating here, but lunch instead of breakfast.
The place itself is comfortable to sit in, but the music can get loud, and this is annoying when your flying out earlier.
The food in general is good.
Nothing special, but will do the trick if you're hungry.
My only beef with this place is the service.
Servers are great, but the orders are s...l...oo..www.
More than what I expect to be honest.

I was meeting a friend for lunch on her layover and we chose this spot to catch up in a relaxing setting.
It was just that.
We talked for awhile and finally ordered.
Thanks for great service and letting us chill there for awhile.
To us, the time was going by too fast!
We even outlasted our server and had other well mannered servers complete the end of the experience.
Thanks Dawn and Dawn.
I had never been to this chain before, but I loved the food and there were other things I wanted to try on the menu.
I heard the French dip is awesome.
So that'll have me coming back!
I live in town so it was interesting trying to get into the airport, but in the process I got to use the new SkyTrain, which was cool.
Lucky for me, I don't have to go to the airport the next time I want to dine at Chelsea's Kitchen.
I appreciate the local Phoenix culinary influence in the airport, but it's also nice to know I don't always need to worry about airport antics if I'm not traveling.

Excellent!
If I lived in Phoenix, I would consider driving here for dinner.
The sauce bin the carnitas had great flavor and texture.

YEAH!
Best place in the airport!

Teeming masses of hungry foodies have overrun Chelsea's original location, making the parking situation difficult but not impossible...you'll need to be somewhat creative.
The problem, as I like to define it is this: The lure of a fine meal, fast service and reasonable prices simply won't dispel the shame associated with blowing a valet.
Hello Chelsea's Airport.
A mere five miles from the original located in Terminal 4, this location is never crowded and, if you're in a hurry, they offer a Chelsea's Express window adjacent to the entrance.
On my most recent visit, the rotisserie prime rib was in order.
Fortunately, they had an end cut available, making the experience even more enjoyable.
The sides were equally delicious.
Blanched, cold green beans in a light lemon vinaigrette along with a DD-cup of garlic mashed potatoes.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Oh, and the parking is ample, Sky Harbor Terminal 4 charging only four dollars per hour.
Four bucks!
That's it.
A lot less messy too.
Any bets on how long it takes for YelpHQ to remove this one?
I've never made their ROTD award, but I do routinely win their other ROTD award.
"Removal of the Day.

Talk about fine dining at an airport!
There is really great ambiance at this place and the prices were affordable.
I had the ahi salad which was good... needed a bit more flavor but it was just great with the guac side and my glass of wine :)  If you are at the Phoenix airport, this is a must :)

Had breakfast and dinner here while waiting for flights and was impressed with the service and the food.
Will take friends here for dinner and add it to my places to eat.

Maybe the best airport food you'll ever have.
Is this really an airport?
I had the salmon which was perfectly cooked with fresh mashed potatoes and crispy green beans.

Man, what a find for the airport.
I wouldn't even classify this as "airport food".
Came in with low expectations and left completely satisfied!!
We started off with the "homemade" guacamole and chips, which were excellent - VERY fresh and authentic tasting.
Had to try a half-order of the Deviled Eggs and they were well worth the indulgence.
For entrees, my wife had the Green Chili Tillamook burger, while I had the Ahi Tuni Taco platter.
The burger was cooked to perfection, as was the seared tuna.
My son tried the fried chicken "kids meal" and ate every bite.
Equally, they had a nice selection of draft and bottled beer and spirits to choose from.
Great service from our server, Will, too!!!
All in all would "mosdef" will come back to this place when traveling thru PHX and would love to get down to their main restaurant in DT Phoenix!

Mehhh... Airport Food.
But it's Chelsea's Kitchen!
... but in the airport...
So confusing.
I've been to Chelsea's kitchen outside the airport and something happens to food when it is brought into an airport - it doesn't taste as good.
The presentation isn't as beautiful....   Side of potatoes $3   - crumbly, mushy, weird tiny cubes of seasoned potato that I would have easily believed were from a crappy corporate luncheon catered by Joes Shmo Deli in Wichita.
The Huevos Rancheros were OK. Not worth the $13 though.
Only had one corn tortilla buried under a mound of scrambled eggs with sauce, a pile of bitter greens separated it from a side of potatoes.
A prettier side of potatoes than the other side of potatoes we ordered.
However!
Our waitress was very sweet, talkative and attentive.
Loved her.
She's getting married in November so congratulate her if you go!

Love this place!
I was waiting for my flight and had some time to burn and needed to eat dinner, and since I'd never been to Chelsea's Kitchen I decided to give it  a shot.
Big props to the creators for really thinking about what consumers might want.
My phone was in dire need of charging, and it was one of the FIRST things I asked the hostess when I walked up.
She said all bar seats had outlets, and since I was by my lonesome I really didn't need or desire a table.
It drastically cut down my wait.
But they really thought about the typical airport traveller when they put that feature in- so cool!
Phone plugged in and merrily charging away, I sat down and was fairly quickly given a menu.
For my drink I got the French Sailor- delicious, fresh and refreshing and light, just the way I like my drinks.
For my meal I got the fried chicken sandwich (what can I say?
I was going on vacation.
Calories don't count!).
Both were fantastic.
The sandwich came out promptly, and their fries are shoestring fries- my favorite.
It does have a bit of kick- I think there is sriracha in that aioli, so beware.
Now as a side note- it was a bit difficult to get my bartender's attention.
I attribute it largely to being busy, really.
Once I did he was prompt, friendly, and very helpful.
I noticed it got MUCH better once the large majority of the patrons around me took off for their flights.
So take note that if it gets busy you might have to wait a bit.
Thankfully I wasn't in a rush.
It does make me want to eventually check out the 'real' Chelsea's Kitchen.
This place was pretty cool and I'd make sure to stop by next time I'm in T4 at Sky Harbor!

I had the best greyhound of my life here.
It's great to have the option of eating in style and having a quality meal in the airport if you so choose.
I just don't know when I will ever be early enough before a flight to enjoy it.

Flying out of Phoenix, we made time to eat dinner here before our flight.
From the moment we sat down, the server was upbeat and attentive, which made the meal very enjoyable.
We ordered deviled eggs and couldn't figure out how many eggs for them to put bacon on, when she wisely suggested she would bring it on the side.
The eggs were good - a little too much sweetness (sweet pickles?
pimentos?
) for our taste, but entirely satisfying.
Also ordered the tuna tartare/guacamole appetizer.
It was good.
I had the ahi tuna tacos and the fish was seared just right and had good flavor - along with the sides of guacamole, salsa and cabbage (I think), there were a couple of sauces to add to the make-your-own-tacos dish - and they were yummy too.
Hubby had the short ribs taco dish and thought it was delicious.
Daugher ordered the special soup, which was a canteloupe/honeydew gazpacho-type concoction.
She wasn't fond of it (even though she loves those melons) and the server was great in recognizing that and with no hesitation offered to substitute the chicken tortilla (I think) soup instead.
That bowl disappeared so fast it would make your head spin, so it was a good choice.
The drink menu was very nice, with a Tito's vodka rounding out an adult lemonade beverage.
And, of course, the nice little salted chocolate chip cookies as you leave are delicious.
I would definitely return.
PS-3 stars because the food is A-OK; extra star for the excellent service.

Wanted a sit down lunch after checking in @Sky Harbor... what a find.
Ordered the Howie Burger, wife had the Veggie Burger... both were excellent, mine came with a side of kale slaw that was the bomb... kale, grapes, tomatoes & a bit of quinoa.
Also totally surprised to find St. Bernardus Abt 12 on tap!
A very highly rated 10% ABV Belgian Ale... rarely will you find it in any liquor store, much less on tap at an airport restaurant.
Service was top notch from Host and Waiter.
Big screen TV allowed us to watch Tiger clean up @Firestone while we ate.
Don't lose track of time though... the restaurant is outside of TSA.
We ran into a 45 minute line and made our flight just in time.

We eat at Chelsea's Kitchen all the time and love it.
Wish I could say the same for their location here at Sky Harbor.
After a dozen or so meals here I can give you a pretty good idea of what to expect.
The location is great, terminal 4 outside of security between the A & B concourse.
Very nice design and comfortable.
Unfortunately that is about where things go south.
The service is abysmal, it takes forever to get your food and more often than not the food is cold.
This morning I ordered a hot breakfast sandwich which came out room temp and the turkey was refrigerator cold.
The one bright side is our waiter was very attentive today.
So let's talk about the caliber of service.
Who trains these people?
The hostess practically ignored us indicating that when the other lady returned she would seat us.
Hello, the place was dead, show some initiative and seat a customer.
First impressions really do matter.
After waiting a minute the lady who did seat us didn't say a word or make eye contact.
Hello again, customer service rule, make guests feel like you want them in your establishment.
Whoever trains the people at the airport gets an F as the experience in no way resembles what you get at the 40th street location.
If I were Chelsea's I would be concerned that the additional revenue would not be worth a tarnished reputation.

YUM!!!
My friend and I stopped in for lunch because this looked like a comfortable place, and each of us was leaving from separate terminals, so it was convenient being right in the middle.
Delicious food at reasonable prices, whether or not it's an airport restaurant.
My friend had an onion soup, which surprised her with a kick from red pepper flakes.
I enjoyed a delicious bowl of chicken tortilla soup and although it needed a pinch of salt, it was a great consistency and very good with fresh avocado chunks on top.
We shared an appetizer of some mouth-watering deviled eggs with bacon sprinkled on top... comfort food to the max!
The restaurant is lovely and very cozy; the service is very good; and the prices are a good value for airport dining.
If this restaurant had a location in Sacramento, I'd be a regular!
NOTE:  If you don't want to sit down and dine, the restaurant has a take-away counter located to the right of their restaurant entrance.
Not sure whether they sell a limited or full menu, but I'd bet it's a great option if you're short on time and want something to munch on that's satisfying to the palate.

Fine Dining - NO Slow Service - YES Kale - Definitely NO  tried the short rib tacos not impressed it was more like a plate with some pot roast, kale coleslaw, salsa and a couple of corn tortillas.
very unimaginative and not worth the $$$  you can sit down in a restaurant atmosphere but the service is TOO slow and the food is not on par with the prices that are being charged.

It's pretty easy to forget you're in the airport while eating here...but then you see the departure screens and you're quickly reminded!
The food at Chelsea's Kitchen is pretty much on par with their food at their 40th street location.
The decor isn't quite as charming as the decor at their main location, but then again, it is in the airport!
Prices are about the same as the main Chelsea's.
Some of the items are reasonably priced and others are a little pricier, but their food is worth it!
I love their cheeseburgers, french fries, salads and fish tacos.
If you must eat at the airport, do yourself a favor and visit this local favorite to enjoy some quality food before boarding your plane!

So, I read all the wonderful reviews and thought how great--fabulous food at the airport!
I was seated promptly and spoke to the waitress, Christina, about vegetarian options and, on her recommendation, ordered the veggie burger (no bun) and the side veg of broccoli rab, which she described as "yummy"and asked for a glass of water with a slice of lemon.
Water arrived: no lemon.
Food arrived, delivered by someone other than Christina.
Burger on large slab of iceberg lettuce.
I  took a first bite of burger--lukewarm temp.
But the sauce on the side was good.
Brocolli rab was cold.
When (with the assistance of the gentleman at the next table), I was finally able to get Christina's attention, I asked if the vegetable was supposed to be cold.
No, she said.
So, I sent it back.
Take two: at my prompting, Christina reached over to the bar and dumped a piece of lemon into my glass of water.
A third person came to my table with a veggie burger and broccoli rab but no sauce.
I tried to point out to him that the sauce was missing and he waved me away.
I tried the brocolli rab the second time--this time literally handing a piece to Christina and asking her if she thought it was warm.
She didn't.
She asked me how the burger was this time around and I said that as I was still waiting for the sauce chances were that if it were hot, it wouldn't be by the time that I got the sauce and a third try on the vegetables.
Decided to find a place that can actually serve hot food--maybe even the first time.
So much for fab food at the airport.

Short rib tacos (what, what?!
) with  kale and beautiful corn tortillas...legendary!
Couple that with the fact it is airport food...yep, you heard me.
Get your butt on a plane to Phoenix, eat here and go home!
You'll thank me.

Love the atmosphere here as a great place to relax before a flight or people watch!
Comfy seats!
Great food!
Try the shushimi tuna salad!
Kale salad rocks too!
Had their wild mushroom soup today!
Totally rocked my world!

Airport prices.
Check.
Airport quality-HELL NO.
Great guacamole, in house made chips served warm with a nicely balanced salsa.
Easily one of the best ribeye steak taco platter I have ever had and the hot off the homemade press corn tortillas and interesting quinoa/kale salad made for a fabulous texture, flavor mix.
If I would have had more time, I would have indulged in an adult beverage and possibly had more room for the one bite of dessert I could shovel in before having to run through security.
Yes, good enough to visit the real deal somewhere in town but great enough to make a little extra airport time to indulge.

Good selection of ipas, good music, the chicken nachos were amazing.
Came with a very generous amount of quality guacamole.
Enjoy.
Excellent service.

Excellent veggie burger and kale slaw.
A great treat for an airport eatery.

Had a burger here before my flight and the chef was nice enough to split my plate with my mom (we were hungry, but not enough to each have a burger).
They had a generous amount of fries and even added extra seasoning per my request.
If you're in the airport waiting for your flight and looking for a place to eat, they may seem pricey but its because they actually have good food.

The butternut squash soup w creme fresh was amazing.
Short rib tacos will not disappoint.
They come w home made corn tortillas and more guacamole and pico de galleo than you will be able to eat.
A small kale and grape salad w quinoa makes this a great dish.
I can't believe I am at the airport, this food is way too good!
I'd seriously drive to Sky Harbor Airport and eat here even if I wasn't traveling.

Flight was late.
Plus, I gotta fly SW on a Sunday night.
Read: zero flight etiquette and crew making stupid jokes attempting to make up for being an hour late that make my walmart shopper-filled plane snicker.
But i digress.
Plenty o etiquette at this place.
Sat at the bar.
Jazz and latin over the speakers.
Bartenders as they should be.
Dressed in white with black vests.
Attentive.
Quick.
On point.
Not pushy.
Got the menu.
Ordered the french dip which did not disappoint.
Good, crunchy on the edges bread...rare beef on the inside.
Mmmmm.
Didn't mind the spiced-mayo stuff that came with it.
Had the broccolini with parmesan and sauteed onions.
Very good.
Nobody slapped the check on my table two seconds after i stopped chewing.
Respectful-like, see?
So, french dip is very good.
The ceviche looked fantastic, too.
Service was perfect.
I will come here again.
No longer mad because of my delay...belly-full and at peace.
Thanks, Chelsea.

While waiting to catch our flight home, hubby & I stopped in to have a quick breakfast.
Overall food was good.
I had an egg white omelet with veggies ... pretty fresh tasting, as well as fruit to accompany!
Hubby had the muesli and he was expecting the portion to be smaller, so it was very filling for him ... no biggie really.
Service was a little slow given that it was early and no one was really there, so they lost a star for that.
Nonetheless, pretty good!

I didn't have high expectations to start with being in an airport and all.
The meal started out ok with the tortilla chips and guacamole.
However then came the deviled eggs and those were a hit!
So I was impressed.
Then I got my tortilla soup which tasted like chicken flavored dish water.... As gorden Ramsey would say "what a shame.
" Then came the Caesar salad ...
Gross took one bite and sent it back.
That was strike two.
Then I got the replacement mixed greens with ranch... Ranch was watery... Strike three.
Not worth the time and money to come here.
I'd do better with the peanuts on the flight.

This is our go to restaurant at the airport.
Every single restaurant past the security checkpoints is always packed.
The only place that can handle all the chaos is LGO.
But instead of hiking to those gates, we just sit down to a nice dinner at Chelsea's Kitchen.
It is wonderful to have the many Phoenix based restaurants in Terminal 4.
It makes me feel like even if you just come through the airport you can see something that truly represents Phoenix while you're there.
Even when there is a wait at this restaurant the service is always fantastic.
If they mess up your order they do everything they can to make it right (it gets busy, and I become extra understanding, esp if they try to rectify).
We've done breakfast, lunch and dinner, all yummy and a great start to our trips.
I'm generally not a fan of airport food, but I always look forward to dining at Chelsea's Kitchen if we're headed to the airport.

If you're hungry at the Phoenix Airport, just take one piece of advice.
Eat something on the "freedom" side of the security checkpoint.
Once you get past security, every food source is packed and seats at which to enjoy your marked up food are far and few between.
Having learned this the hard way in the past, I grabbed a sandwich at the "To Go" part of Chelsea's Kitchen.
Had "The Commuter," which consists of eggs, bacon, tomato and mayo on an English muffin.
It also includes a tasty side of fresh fruit.
A kind woman took my order with a smile and forewarned me it would be about a 10 minute wait because the kitchen was backed up.
Okay so it was a bit longer than 10 minutes.
It happens.
Sandwich was good.
Fruit was good.
All perfect before boarding a flight...where you get to eat whatever you can find on the floor.
I've read good things about the sit-down part of the restaurant so I plan to try that on the next trip.

WAS once my go to place for breakfast in the airport, but sadly will have to pass going forward as they have drastically cut their breakfast menu.
Gone are the benedict's, the Huevos Rancheros, and just about anything that took more than rudimentary culinary skills.
They've gone streamlined, neglecting the travelers from the area who would gladly arrive early for a good meal as opposed to the frantic grab and dash diner... Can't wait for Matts Big Breakfast to open now...
But unfortunately, I bet they'll be packed with Chelsea's disappointed customers.

Best Airport food.
Better than many restaurants I have been to.
The Short rib tacos are great and enough for 2.
Loved the Brussels sprouts salad.

Bad news: management modified the menu and dropped our favorite breakfast items including  eggs Benedict and pancakes.
Now there is little reason to choose Chelsea's over less expensive options.

Good food.
The staff at the airport could probably relax a little bit.
I mean, come on, it's the airport.
Sky Harbor airport.
Just bring it down a notch and let people enjoy their moment for a second.
The one in Phoenix is alright.
You can actually feel, in your soul, everyone taking pictures on instagram though.
I'm kind-of over that part of it.

Walked right in...sat at the bar...instant service before my flight....waited about 5 minutes or less and my basic breakfast was right in front of me....along with this absolutely awesome butter that had orange grinds in it I used to top my English muffin.....friendly staff and perfect mimosa!

Stopped here  while in the airport.
Had always heard about it from numerous friends.
I didn't think it was anything to write home about personally.

I am so happy that Chelsea's Kitchen is in the place I practically live!
I am happy to see good eats come to the airport.
I have been happy with every thing here ...
In fact, they have the best French dip sandwich in the valley, in my opinion.
It's cut thin and yet still a little rare ..
Perfect.
It reminds me of the perfect French dips in Nor Cali that I grew up with.
I generally always get that with the kale salad as a side.
I've had the tacos too.. Yum.
The service can go either way; I try to keep in mind it's an airport so knowing how irritated passengers can be at airports with all they are put thru to fly, I try and keep that in mind for the staff that has to deal with ... Well, often rude, stressed passengers.
I have not been to the bar area, as I am generally here in uniform and wings and that is a no no.
But my boyfriend has met me here and loves the sangria.
If it's like the sangria at the main Chelsea's Kitchen then I would guess it's pretty great.
Cool ambience and a lively atmosphere.

Green Chili burger is ... Wow!
I'm not kidding... At the airport?
Really!
I'm staying until I am hungry again... Then I'll order another one!

I can't believe I'm giving 4 stars to an airport restaurant.
Here's why:  This is only one experience and we were hungry due to the flight delay.
There was no seating in the restaurant so we sat at the bar and had great service from the bar tenders.
We asked about a couple of the menu items and figured two of us were planning to get the same thing so we asked about it and the server indicated the sandwich was 'huge' so we ordered it and asked to split it.
They were very accommodating.
The food had good flavor and was well-prepared.
Good experience for eating in an airport.
Thanks.

A cut above your average airport restaurant - fantastic salads and colorful menu!
I'd love to try their other locations.

Omg.
The short rib tacos are so delicious.
I usually am not impressed by any airport food but I had to bite my tongue this time.
The service was quick and efficient.
The food was delicious.
Everything was perfectly seasoned and cooked.
No salt or pepper needed.
They did everything right with this dish.
The kale salad is bright with just a hint of lemon is a perfect companion with the short rib perfectly braised.
You don't need a knife cause the meat is butter soft and tender.
Get this dish!
You won't regret it!

Fantastic place, one of the best spots I have eaten at an airport.
The photos looked so good that I exited the security with an one hour layover to eat here and had to re-enter security again.
I got the squash soup and the kale salad (with parmagiano cheese).
Both are excellent.
Fresh.
Fast service.
Friendly and responsive staff.
Just what I needed after traveling for a couple of days.
The restaurant is located pre-security in terminal 4 between A+D gates and B+C gates.

Have had breakfast 3 times here in the past year, each time the bacon was a greasy undercooked mess.
Once the over-easy eggs were nearly raw.
The rest of the breakfast was just ok.
The french press coffee is pretty nasty, don't use the last half of the pot or you will need to chew the coffee.
Nearly $30 for two people at breakfast.

I love the new trend with airport dining!
I've been to Chelsea's Kitchen twice now and am thankful for the healthy and innovative dining option.
The wine choices (by the glass) are great too!
In fact, yesterday I dined here upon my arrival as I figured it was just as good as any dining in the area (based on my experience from my first visit last year).
I was not disappointed when I enjoyed the ahi tacos.
The service is also attentive and speedy (for those needing to catch flights).
I look forward to my visit to Phoenix airport as this dining experience is well worth it!

I agree with Lindsey on her review.
It is hard to remember that you are in the Airport at this place.
I have been to the Chelsea's on 40th street in Phoenx.
So I was hoping the food would be good.
Yes, it was~!
I had flown in the other morning.
There was no food served on the flight.
So since I was through flying I thought I would come here for a relaxing meal.
I was seated right away.
Rachel was my server.
She was a really nice young lady, that kept calling me Sir.
She was so fast, I watched her zip all around the restaurant.
All of the servers were quick on their feet here.
It is decorated in a relaxing way, even a fire place going, which I liked.
I was not sure what to get.
Rachel (the server) had a few suggustions, that she thought I might like.
So I went with the Breakfast.
It was really good.
I had never had Cottage Cheese with pepper and Olive Oil.
I have to tell you that it is well worth the try.
Great service, Great Food.
Well worth a visit here.
The coffee was also really good , nice and rich with cream.
You can even have a free cookie on your way out.
Those were pretty good as well.

Great place to eat at the Phoenix airport.
Don't eat here if you're in a rush, takes a while to get your order.
Had the Brussels sprout salad; the sprouts are brined, so they were tasty and crunchy, lemon whole grain mustard vinaigrette, topped with cranberries, toasted almonds, currants and Manchego cheese - very tasty.
The butternut squash soup was tasty as well, roasted with some sweet spices and thick and hearty.
Their tortilla Chips are light and crunchy, great guac and a roasted tomato salsa.
Other salads looked good, such as the baby kale.
Hubby had the Caesar salad, dressing was very yellow, perhaps too much mustard, chicken was moist as seasoned well (smokey and grilled nicely).
Good friendly service.

I said the same thing about Chelsea's Kitchen as I did about its sister restaurant, La Grand Orange, which is located behind security in Terminal D: don't judge this airport establishment by its management.
Being in an airport, it's just about guaranteed that HMS will be running the joint.
While I don't think they're normally known for their service, the standards for this place have been raised more than a few notches.
The restaurant makes a decent place to dine and linger with friends and family before you (or they or all of you) go behind security.
The food is high quality and they have a full bar.
Top off the experience with free, fresh baked cookies they offer as you depart.

Saw the reviews and had to give this a try, even thought it meant exiting the security-cleared area and having to go BACK through security.
I had a 2 hour layover between flights and had been traveling for 12 hours, so I stopped in here for breakfast on the run.
The servers were kind of aggressive, but I ordered a white sangria (ok), and an omelet (EXCELLENTE!).
Based on the omelet, if they do everything else on the menu as well, this place really does live up to expectations!
Only reason I didn't grade 5 stars, was because the breakfast menu was limited, and the servers (although helpful), seemed a little pushy (but efficient).

We ate here for breakfast before our flight.
Delicious applewood bacon.
Freshly squeezed juices.
The grapefruit juice wasnt sour  and had lots of pulp.
The  granola was good but the yogurt fruit mix was only ok.the fruit cup was fresh, and the potatoes were really good.
Their tea came in a huge pot so I had plenty of tea.

I was so excited when I saw a Chelseas at the airport.
Finally!
Food and service you can count on at a terminal!
Eh, not so much...while I realize its silly to think it could be consistent with the 40th St location when its at the airport, I was hopeful.
Swordfish tacos were so well done we had to cut the char off.
Burger was ordered medium rare, came out well.
We were hoping to have another round of drinks when our food came out but the bartender never came back to ask.
Stupid us, as we were finishing up we realized we were cutting it close to board time and when we were done we just wanted to pay but noone would even look our way.
We finally flagged down a different bartender to get our check (why wouldn't the tab be in front of you at the bar at an airport??).
We immediately took our credit card out to pay and again noone stopped to take it.
Furthermore another bartender looked right at the bill with the card on top 3 times as he walked by and didn't pick it up!
After 15 mins of waiting we had to go or we were in danger of missing our flight so I pulled out what cash I had (which I was saving for cab fare at our final destination) and didn't have enough for more than a 15% tip but at that point I didn't care.
Nothing is worse than being held hostage and having to wait to pay at the end of your dining experience.
Securing payment is the easiest part of the job for service workers.
And at the airport of all places, where everyone has somewhere to be, you would think they could close people out in a timely manner.

Great breakfast meal came quick and was very tasty, recommend the fresh orange juice.

My wife and I both travel a lot and we happened to be passing at the airport and thought we'd stop and have a nice lunch for the hour that we would see each other.
Thought is the key word here.
We both ordered the soup and caesar salad with chicken.
Pretty hard to screw up right?
Wrong again.
Both soups were cold, not supposed to be, and the salad with chicken was just plain bad.
The salad had a very light amount of dressing and the chicken was dry.
Also, we waited at least 20 minutes for our soup and salads, long enough to drink our can of diet coke, yes can, that they charge over $2 for.
Here's the kicker, when we told our waitress she said that the bowl has a lot of surface area and it cools the soup down and the other was never heated to the proper temp.
What the heck?
Anyway, I will not be returning there again for very overpriced bad food.
I'ld rather get food from one of the kiosks past security.

We didn't have time to make breakfast this morning and since Paradise Bakery was gone from the concourse, we decided we'd get our breakfast burrito to go.
We began eating our burritos in the waiting area.
My wife started eating hers and after 10 minutes, I started on mine.
First.
My burrito started falling apart before I could get a bite out of it.
Ended up eating it with a fork, secondly, the other half started falling apart when I tried to pick it up.
When I lifted the burrito, the underside of the burrito was soggy and dripping wet from the salsa.
My wife's wasn't like that and for that reason, this place deserves just a half of one star.
4/17/2014 I changed this from 1 star to 2 stars because I was a bit harsh.
It was just a poor execution that drove me crazy.
The flavors were there which was hidden by the way the burrito was wrapped.

Airport dining sure has come a long way.
Stopped here for a Bloody Mary upon arrival and then for a Bloody and breakfast upon departure   Bloodies were very tasty (bartender indicates they make their own mix)  OJ was fresh squeezed and delicious  We had  "The Commuter" for breakfast ( a tasty breakfast sandwich that I recommend with Turkey and Avocado)  Everything was reasonably priced with good sized portions.
Definitely a solid choice for the  Phoenix airport!

A great restaurant.
Best airport restaurant I've enjoyed and I travel a lot.
In fact, it is one of the best restaurants I've visited in Phoenix.
Try anything with Tuna.
They do it well.
Thanks guys.

This place is ridiculously slow, just to get seated on a day that isn't very busy.
Don't eat here if you have a plane to catch.

One of the best places in the Phx airport but outside of security.
Always has St Bernardous & Green Flash beers.
Great service and people watching.

Ya ya I know...
There aren't any options when your in the airport.
And the food here is definitely better than the fast food alternatives.
But OMG the service is bad.
I've eaten here twice out of necessity and had wine atvthe bar while waiting on people three or so times.
It's all bad but the bar is mind boggling.
They have three bartenders and they'll stand and talk to each other or customers, clean glasses, walk by you over and over, not make eye contact.
It's bizarre.

Yep, 5 stars at an airport bar/restaurant.
It was an unexpected find in our hunt for a Bloody Mary.
The place was inviting in its decor and the bartender was pleasant and attentive.
When she put down the menus I thought I would take a look though I wasn't hungry.
The menu featured fun and interesting house cocktails including white sangria.
I was torn but stuck with the plan for a bloody and I wasn't disappointed.
The food options were also a welcomed surprise compared to the usual turkey sandwiches you would expect at an airport.
We decided on the shrimp ceviche and it was awesome -fresh fish, crispy chips, avocado.
This is a huge step above the norm and think it's a must when traveling through the Phoenix airport.

We had the brussels sprout salad and the kale salad.
Also had the prickly pear margarita.
Everything was yummy!
Service was good as well.
The only complaint I have is that the chicken was dry despite being dark meat.
You'd have to really overlook the chicken to make dark meat dry.

The company is licensed by Chelsea's kitchen and uses their recipes.
They are slow to get the bill to busy travelers - so don't stop here if you need to get out within 30 minutes.
The steel cut oatmeal is made in a large batch and sits waiting people to order it and use it- although the time it takes to get service they could make steel cut oatmeal to go .
White and dark chicken are overcooked and dry - been here several times.
Breakfast burrito is likewise partially made ahead of time and that is why sometimes they have quality that is not as good as freshly made.
Overall better than most airport places - but it is clearly not the original Chelseas kitchen -  the cookie at the end is still one of the best things around

Very good food and not just for an airport!
I was seated quickly and my order was taken immediately.
The food came fast and I loved the kale and quinoa salad along with the added chicken; it was light, fresh and tasty.
The only knock was they were slow to get the check and I had even gotten my credit card out already.
Not a deal breaker but then once they took my card, it seemed to take them a long time to bring back my final receipt.
Those two stumbles were why I put 4 stars instead of 5

This PHX airport terminal restaurant is worthy of five stars.
I am totally impressed with the Caesar topped with ribeye - probably the best da*ned ribeye I've ever tasted.
Cooked a perfect medium.
The manager (Taad) recommended the key lime pie with French press coffee and I caved (need to run a marathon or something like it to burn it off.).
As a road warrior I tend to eat a lot of crappy terminal fare.
Chelsea's is the exception.

Located in terminal 4 this is one of the best airport restaurants I have been to.
They truly have locally sourced organic foods, great food combining and the flavor is spot on.
I had the chips and guac and a kale and quinoa salad and loved both.
If you're traveling through Phoenix, check it out.

This place is very unique.
Everything is fresh and the ahi tuna burger is the best thing ever.
The staff is attentive without being bothersome.
The decor is nice as well.
Best airport restaurant I have ever been in and I fly all of the time.

I love grabbing a drink at the bar here before a flight.
The bartenders are always friendly and treat me very well for being such a busy airport restaurant.
This place also has some of the best Bloody Marys, and good breakfast options.

I always enjoy stopping here for a quick snack and drink before a flight.
I typically sit in the bar since the bartender is friendly and quick with my order.
Highly recommended!
And excellent bloody marys.

It hurts my soul to only rate Chelsea's Kitchen with 3 stars, as I love the restaurant in our neighborhood and the food is always great, but unfortunately this experience was not good.
The staff and overall service was horrible.
The hostess was pre-occupied and acted bothered to seat us, and both of our servers (drink order and food order) were both very disengaged and flat out rude.
It was almost as if they were inconvenienced to wait on us.
No follow up during our sit down and not even a smile or "thank you" for stopping in.
One can only hope that everybody was having a horrible morning and that this isn't the norm, because it was sad.
Chelsea would have been very disappointed.
Maybe next time.

Deviled eggs are very good 1/2 portion available but not on menu.
French dip with chiles on it, mayo on side is excellent.

4 hours to kill in Phoenix airport because your flight is delayed?
Ummm...Chelsea's Kitchen comes to mind as the best place to be!
The ambience transports you to somewhere other than an airport.
A swanky San Francisco restaurant perhaps and if you sit with your back to airport side you could probably forget where you are.
I started my flight delay time here with a Prickly Pear Margarita which was delish!
super refreshing!!
It was a perfect accompaniment to the chips and Salsa/Guacamole appetizer I had.
Both Guacamole and Salsa rivaled some of the best I have ever tasted.
Definitely had a good signature taste, especially the salsa which had a bit of a sweet kick to it.
For my dinner, which I literally crave, I had the short rib taco's.
OMG...seriously so good!
The tortillas looked like they were freshly made, no "mission" tortillas for this airport restaurant.
The taco's and kale topping were so yummy!
No better way to describe it.
Bottom line...if you're in the Phoenix Aiport waiting, seriously just go here, because I Said so !
You will not be disappointed!

I know.
5 stars for an airport restaurant is rare.
But once you step in and are surrounded by dim lights and swanky lounge/jazz music, if you didn't look up and see a plane headed to a gate you'd be hard-pressed to remember that you are at the airport.
We had time to linger because we had dropped off the car about 2 hours early [pro tip: if you drop off at least 90 minutes ahead you can check your bags at the rental car facility] and took time to relax.
My wife enjoyed the kale salad and I had an excellent green chile burger.
Some items are flagged as ready in 8 minutes or less (presumably those are pre-made) and others can take some more time.
But we had the time and also enjoyed some gelato for dessert.
This restaurant is a great place to decompress before you face the security line.
The food is much better than anything you'll find in an airport.
The only thing that reminds you that this is an airport concession is the price.
Our server was attentive and friendly.

For such a nice looking airport restaurant, I was quite disappointed.
Considering I am in Arizona I understand southwest cuisine, but their Bloody Mary tasted as if it was made with salsa juice.
Also, the French fries were COVERED in a chili powder seasoning.
Limited menu with reasonable prices.

I stopped by this restaurant due to a co-worker's recommendation.
It was surprisingly good.
I had the kale and quinoa salad with ribeye steak.
The salad was very good (more kale than quinoa), and the thin steak was perfectly cooked medium rare.
For an appetizer, I had a half order of the deviled eggs--a little dry, but otherwise tasted well.
The restaurant has either gelato or key lime pie for dessert.
I opted for the key lime pie and it was excellent.
Surprisingly, it had a side scoop of strawberry gelato, which was very good and had bits of strawberries in it.
The only reason I didn't give it five stars is due to my server.
I rarely saw him and had to ask other servers for drink refills and dessert.
The other tables didn't seem to have this problem   I highly recommend this airport restaurant!

Nice room.
Once I got past that, I was treated to a circus of many unavailable menu items, uninspired food (that was available), larcenous prices, and a triple crown of clumsy, thoughtless, inattentive service.
What a waste of a beautiful space.
If the kitchen can figure out how to deliver value for money, & the servers can figure out how to make any moment a customer service moment, they might have something.
But right now it's just pretentious nonsense.
Lovely interior, though.

While waiting for family to arrive, hubby and I stopped here for lunch.
OMG, am I ever glad we did!!!
It's hard to find a good burger that has flavor, juicy goodness just oozing to be partaken,  BUT Chelsea's knocked it out of the ballpark.
Had the green chili burger with Tillamook Cheddar.
First Bite I was smitten, second bite put me over the moon.
First of all, they kinda had me at Tillamook Cheddar -- my all time fave cheese.
Hubby and I did a cheese tasting while vacationing in Bandon,  Oregon, one year where we discovered this gem.
Have sought it out ever since and Valley stores are starting to carry it.
This simple fact told me Chelsea's cares about quality.
We also had the deviled eggs.
Now, I am pretty fussy about deviled eggs.
They have to be fresh,  nicely combined with mayo, but not overly so,  seasoned to bring out the flavor but subtle.
So when these little treasures showed up on that perfect wood board, I/we were overjoyed,  these were perfect!!
Next up is going to the Camelback location.

I had a French Dip that was exceptionally good.
The service was OK, not great or even all that good, but ok. My only real complaint is that the server couldn't talk about any of the beers on the menu.
Other than that, she was attentive and otherwise helpful.
***

OK, so I expect to pay premium prices for airport food, so that is not an issue.
However I also expect to get at least decent service and quantity for those premium prices.
The poor service started with the Hostess who chastised me for carrying the menu with me that I was looking at while we waited for her to come back to her station.
Then it only got worse.
Our server (Sara) was rude and totally disinterested.
Every time I tried to get her attention she got extremely annoyed.
This was possibly the worst service we have ever experienced (hence the low tip Sara... get the hint, or get a job where you don't have to interact with humans).
The food was exceptional except for the $4.00 "fresh fruit plate" which was actually a tiny ramekin with a half of a wilted green apple, six grapes and a teaspoon size piece of pineapple.
We kind of expected some fruit that was in season and a little bit more.
The English Muffin was great, but one pat of butter and less than a teaspoon of pretty decent jam simply isn't enough.
Sara got very annoyed when I asked for more butter, so I didn't even bother to ask for more Jam.
The coffee was great (I really like the French Press idea).
We decided on Chelsea's because my son went to their regular restaurant earlier in the week and said it was good.
I guess they will do OK because of the captive audience, but I am really hesitant to try their other restaurant and I will never go back to the airport location.

***Chelsea's Kitchen is an upscale and surprisingly good contemporary restaurant located before security at the Phoenix International Airport***  Chelsea's Kitchen is a Phoenix restaurant that has expanded to the Phoenix International Airport.
Dining at Chelsea's Kitchen feels like dining at an actual standalone restaurant and not an airport sit-down eatery serving mediocre food at outrageously high prices.
Chelsea's Kitchen at Phoenix International Airport has an attractive contemporary look--lots of dark lacquered wood.
The menu features a variety of options including several courses that can be made very quickly if you are in a hurry.
You will find several restaurant style starters, a few burgers, upscale taco plates, and hearty entrees like seared fish, prime rib and ribeye steaks.
I started with the tuna tartare and guacamole.
It came with a tower of tuna tartare at the base with radish and soy-lemon vinaigrette and a topping of creamy guacamole.
The tuna tartare and guacamole tower was served with a large portion of tortilla chips.
Overall, the starter had a good flavor.
The tuna was fresh and moist while the guacamole was very creamy.
There was nothing particularly special about it though and the tuna tartare could have used more heat.
The chips were okay and had a good crunch; they were a tad salty.
I also had their braised beef short rib tacos, which came with a very generous portion of beef short rib and then several accompaniments to make a taco including corn tortillas, lettuce, guacamole, and pico de gallo.
The substantial entree also came with a side salad of kale, which featured interesting garnishes including roasted garlic and strong cheese.
Like the tuna tartare, the ingredients with this entree were very high quality and the overall flavor was good but nothing special.
I wish the braised beef short rib had more heat and seasoning, but there was no doubt the beef was very nicely braised; the fat was rendered down and the meat was very tender and juicy (very unlike a lot of airport eateries where you get dry proteins).
All of the garnishes were very fresh.
For dessert, Chelsea's Kitchen offers a signature key lime pie as well as several gelato flavors from a local gelato shop (Grateful Spoon).
I had the pistachio gelato and it was good and creamy though it tasted more like ice cream than gelato.
Service was good--quick and friendly.
Prices at Chelsea's Kitchen are high like other airport restaurants, but the quality of ingredients was significantly better than most airport restaurants I have been to and the portions were very generous.
Chelsea's Kitchen is a nice airport restaurant.
I wish it was located past security though so it could be enjoyed by more people (travelers on layovers as well as people departing Phoenix who want to get through security and settle down before dining).
If you arrive at Phoenix International Airport and have time to kill though, Chelsea's Kitchen is a good option and more satisfying than most airport restaurants.
I am not sure what the parking situation is at Phoenix International Airport, but I imagine parking here is expensive like other airports.

Stopped in with the family before I flew up to Vegas and was really disappointed.
I stopped in because this is one of those places I really wanted to check out but I wish I'd stuck with the actual restaurant.
It really doesn't translate well to airport.
Food was so so at the very best.
Service was slow and seemed inconvenienced.

I found a piece of glass in my water!
So be careful when coming here...
The food is ok - it is a little on the salty side.

It's affordable....while in the USA,...later I'll be in Edmonton, Alberta which is pricey!

My mom's first question to me when she picks me up from the airport is always "are you hungry?
" This last time it was 9 AM and my answer was "yes, starving!
" She insisted we go to Chelsea's Kitchen right there in the airport.
I was very skeptical.
I'd been up since 4 and I wasn't in the mood for something akin to the quality of Chili's To Go or even Paradise Bakery.
Fortunately, I was wrong & this place was great.
First of all, the staff was so so nice.
Our host seated us right away and got us a highchair.
He even showed us pictures of his own one-year-old (who is adorable btw).
I know that having an energetic toddler in your restaurant can be irritating at best, but our servers were all very sweet and accommodating.
The food itself was great.
Their menu was small but included sweet, savory, and vegetarian options.
They have a few kid-friendly choices not on the menu, too.
My mom and I both ordered the gruyere omelette (she added bacon and avocado to hers) and coffee.
I ordered the oatmeal for my son.
The coffee came out quickly in our own mini carafe.
It was hot and strong and delicious.
Our omelettes were tasty and came with a warm English muffin with citrus butter & some kind of jelly- maybe prickly pear?
Idk but it was great.
My son ate almost half of his big bowl of oats, which is impressive for him.
This restaurant is a gem- good food and great service at the airport, of all places.

The service was horrible and the waitress was incredibly rude.
The food was average, but for the price, it should have been much better.
The $15 burgers my family ordered were undercooked.
It took over a half hour to get our food and half the food wasn't even warm when we got it.
And $20 for tacos?
Give me a break.
Don't bother going here.
**Just to follow up, someone who works for the company that owns Chelsea's Kitchen responded almost immediately to this review and addressed my concerns so she could address it with the restaurant managers.
Thumbs up on back-end customer service!

