Was there moments after it opened for the first time yesterday and was back today.
New and beautiful.
Spinning theater is the neatest feature of this gym.
My favorite feature is the number of step mills.
I should not have to compete for the use of those.
There are several racquet ball courts and basketball courts.
I will update after I have taken classes there.

i had to get rid of some extra energy, so, i walked in and found myself in their aerobic space, and zumba'd me tired!
It was fun and exciting, I got to express myself and let everyone know I was born this way.
Sweaty and tired after my hour long session, I said my goodbyes and left, went home, showered and slumbered.

This new location is perfectly situated about one mile from my house, which is fantastic!
I think this is a great location and serves a huge need in this area.
This location, probably partially because it is new, is very very clean.
They have a ton of equipment, and all of the cardio machines have TV's with plugins for your headphones so you can watch your own show while you work out.
They have two types of elipticals, treadmills, stair climbers and steppers, and a variety of cycles.
Although this club is new and doesn't have a huge customer base, they have a good amount of group classes like Zumba, Pilates, Yoga, Kickboxing, and Total Body Works.
They also have a spin class that I'm terrified to try.
The staff is nice and helpful.
I needed to get my barcode replaced and the gal got it done in 30 seconds and didn't charge me the $25 fee they are supposed to.
They have a lot of weight machines, but they could use a few more for arms.
That is why I don't have 5 stars.
They have a great variety of machines for legs, chest, back, etc but hardly any for arms and I hate using free weights.
They have a pool, racquetball, and Kids club like other locations and I look forward to the addition of the juice bar!

I became an accidental member of LA Fitness, after they bought out my prior gym.
They reactivated my account (which was inactive for 4 months) and began billing me again.
I only found out after an unrelated incident caused me to cancel my card.
LA Fitness called me to tell me I'm past due with their club.
They wouldn't let me cancel over the phone, which I requested many time.
John at this club in Phoenix (I live in Chicago (Never lived in Phoenix)) hung up on me while he was trying to extort money from me.
I called back and asked to speak to a manager hoping to get this resolved, and was told I'd need to call back in two hours when the manager is in.
I'm giving then two stars because the manager did fix the issue.
I wish i could rate the company itself for one star and this location better.
Sadly they have to reap what corporate sows

Hot tub, sauna, free weights, machines, group classes including spinning, locker rooms, babysitting, and personal training, which includes individual, couples, and small group.
Convenient hours.
I decided to do personal training for the first time in my life and I sure needed it.
I've become weak over the past decade and have never maintained a consistent workout routine.
I paid in full for 21 sessions and since I spent the money, I"m not going to skip the training session.
I'm very happy with all but one of my trainers.
I suggest working with different trainers at first in order to find which ones you like the most and schedule with them about a month in advance.
I very highly recommend FRANCISCO because he works me really very hard at things I can actually do (remember, I'm weaker than average--not necessarily fat) and I recommend Cordell because he also picks exercises that I can handle.
Francisco packs more into 25 minutes than any of the other trainers I've worked with.
When I leave a session with Francisco, I'm soaked in sweat and am truly spent.
All I want to do when I leave is guzzle more water, shower, and eat a protein snack.
Caleb is the personal training coordinator and I would have loved to have worked with him.
He is super motivating and specializes in preparing people for fitness shows!
I'm moving soon and am sad to leave LA Fitness on Baseline.
But I'm happy with personal training and will continue it in the future in my new location because I work out--literally--50% harder with a trainer than alone.
For example, on my own I'd probably only do 8 reps of a heavy weight but with a trainer I'd go up to 10 and FRANCISCO can tell I can handle 12, so, I end up doing 12 reps. That's priceless.

Love this location!
I live way closer to the one on 20th st and Camelback but will gladly take the drive over.
This gym is fairly new, very clean and they have nice staff.
I am in love with the Zumba class; my fav instructor is Kleven.
He is the best instructor there, make sure to get there early because his class is packed!
Great place to work on your fitness goals.

This place was great at first until they decided NOT to clean the equipment.
Sweaty equipment for you?
Join here.
After several requests to staff, I am turning to Yelp.
50% of ellipticals have operational issues too.
Staff said they can't find anyone to clean.
Oh, but I can find a new gym.

I had posted a complaint about poor equipment cleanliness, but they have definitely improved.
For that, I thank management.
Keep it up.
Up to 4 stars.

I have been coming here since it opened last winter 2012, and this place has went down hill since.
It used to be so nice, super clean and had an inviting atmosphere,  Now the machines are never clean,  nor are the bathrooms.
My daughter got sick with a fever after a recent visit.
I am diligent in wiping the machines down when I am done, but this is not reciprocated.
I called the corporate office.....nothing.
..go figure.
I pay my dues, so i expect for it to be clean in return.
It's a shame that I have to give it only 1 star, but La Fitness is has fell off in my book...would not recommend joining at this location.

Been a coming to this location since they opened.
Loved coming here but tonight was the last straw.
This location has gotten so crowded that its impossible to get a good workout.
In the past I could get in a decent workout at peak hours, but lately it has become impossible.
I love to workout at another time, but unfortunately I cant.
I'd think twice before joining.

The nicest part of this gym was just roped off and designated for personal training only.
It is completely unfair to the regular members.
The area had mats, free weights, medicine balls, bosu balls and most importantly mirrors.
All LA Fitness has done to replace the area is throw some mats up at the front of the gym where everyone walks in.
It's nice to know they only care about money and the members paying more for personal training.
I've been going to this gym since it opened but I am not happy with the changes.

Vanessa is right in a previous post.
One of the best parts of this gym was the area that is now roped off for personal training.
I do not have a problem with personal trainers having priority, but to disallow members to use that area is bad business.
The trainers rarely use it.
I will update my post if the area goes back to the way it should be.

