I stalked Tops N Bottoms for months, waiting for it to open.
I work nearby and was excited to have another option for when my froyo cravings kick in.
The shop is very clean and the girl that was working was friendly and helpful.
I love how they have their frequent shopper programs et up, you don't need to keep track of a punch card, they use your phone number instead!
On to the important stuff!!
There were around a dozen flavors to choose from, I loved both the cake batter and the double chocolate.
The yogurt is the perfect creamy consistancy yogurt should be.
And the toppings!
I saw three different types of popping boba, as well as mochi.
The fruit selection could be better, but they do have the standards.. Also various nuts, candies, cereal and so on.
You can also get a waffle cup or cone if you prefer.
A couple things prevent me from  giving Tops N Bottoms a 5 star review.
One is the previously mentioned limited selection of fruit.
The other is the lack of a website to see what flavors are currently available.
Despite this, I think I have found my go-yo froyo place during the work week!

This place is fairly new.
It's on Rainbow just north of the 215 in the same plaza as Firehouse subs and American Male.
It's just like any of the other million self-serve froyo places in town.
The place was clean, flavors were good and there were plenty of toppings.
They encourage you to put  some of those toppings in the cup first, then the froyo, and finish it off by adding more toppings.
That's the main differentiator between this place and all others.
I'm still a fan of froyo, therefore I'm a fan of this place.

I'm usually not a huge fan of froyo places because, for my money, I'd rather have ice cream than froyo.
But one day I jonesing for something frozen and sweet, and my residual guilt from overindulging had me heading toward Tops 'N Bottoms.
The place is incredibly clean and bright with plenty of seating.
There is a small selection of "bottoms" to put in your cup before you select your yogurt so that you're not stuck with a cup of plain yogurt after you eat all the good stuff.
It's a nice idea, though I do wish there was some fruit at the bottoms station too.
The flavor selection is pretty decent, and you can ask for samples if you can't decide.
The first time I went I got the cupcake and vanilla flavors.
The vanilla was nothing special, but the cupcake...holy cow.
I dream of the stuff.
I crave it more than I crave Haagen Dasz coffee ice cream, and that is saying something.
The cupcake is a red velvet flavor that is rich and delicious and perfect in every way.
I went back again when the desire for cupcake yogurt became too much, and this time I dragged the hubster along.
I got the cupcake (of course) and California tart which was surprisingly good!
I wasn't anticipating a "plain" flavor to be so delicious.
It was perfect with the strawberries and blueberries I got from the "topping" bar.
Good thing I brought the hubster - he got the white chocolate for me to try, and it was amazing.
It will be perfect with the cupcake that I'll get the next time I go, because make no mistake - I will be back.

Came in here the other day and at first I was not impressed by the looks of the store.
I took a look around at the toppings and the flavors and decided to try it out.
I went for their red velvet, cinnamon roll, and chocolate.
My daughter got their strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate.
All were very good but their cinnamon roll stuck out the most!
I swear this beats any other flavor I have ever tried!
I also love the fact that the store is big versus Yogurtland!

My first real experience at a froyo bar and it was amazing!
It was their grand opening even though they have been open for some time.
I was given sample cups to try the different flavors and my favorite by far is the sea salt caramel pretzel!
Would not have tried it if the guy didn't encourage me too and I'm so glad he did because it's amazing!
Will definitely be back!
Someone also told me they use real yogurt (which I would expect) but some other froyo places use a powder!?
Gross!

This is a diamond in the rough!
If you want a great place with some fabulous flavors, this is the stop you need to make.
The salted caramel pretzel flavor is my absolute favorite and I crave it all of the time!
The tart and mandarin orange is really great too.
I love this yogurt place!

The most annoying thing when I'm getting a cup of frozen yogurt is that I fill my little cup with yogurt and then put all my toppings on, but then when I'm eating all my toppings are the first to go and halfway through I'm just left for yogurt because I didn't spread out the toppings evenly enough.
Well, that's a thing of the past at Tops n Bottoms!
You pick up your cup and at the first station, called bottoms where you find great little items to fill the bottom of the cup before it's yogurt time.
Such a simple concept, but brilliant since I always think about doing that just a minute too late usually.
We filled our cups with cookies, nuts and other delicious "bottoms" and then went on to yogurt and "toppings" counter.
The yogurt was great, plenty of flavors to choose from and they were really tasty.
The toppings were fresh and seemed to be replenished regularly.
No stale fruits or cookies here.
I'm surprised this is the first time I've given this spot a try since I absolutely love frozen yogurt and am always saddened by the lack of options in the area.
I'm so happy to have discovered Tops n Bottoms and I'll be making this a regular dessert destination from now on.

