The best popcorn ever!
Caramel Crisp is my favorite.

I went to their grand opening since the family's from Chicago and have been withdrawals since we haven't visited Chi-town in years.
Their prices went up by about 15-20% within 5 years but I'm just glad they're here in Vegas!
We got 4 gallons of Chicago Mix (cheese and caramel) popcorn - it's just that good.
Each popcorn is completely covered in cheese or caramel.
The salty cheese popcorn taste makes you want some sweet buttery caramel which makes you want some salty cheese popcorn...next thing you know, you've eaten half a gallon!
They're located inside Planet Hollywood.
Now, I can enjoy some good popcorn without flying all the way to Chicago!
Woohoo!

I can't tell you how excited I am that Garrett Popcorn now exists in Las Vegas.
Being a Chicago native this popcorn was one of the many things I missed about home.
Garrett is located at Planet Hollywood Casino inside the Miracle Mile Shops.
I visited this place last week right before their Grand Opening.
The line was super short which was wonderful since I'm used to standing in a line out the door in Chicago.
I'm sure once word gets around about this place their will be very long lines.
The staff was super friendly and seemed to be having a good time joking around with customers.
I bought a gallon of the signature "Chicago Mix".
It is a wonderful blend of caramel and chedder cheese.
They had a promotion going on.
I received a medium sized bag of popcorn with the purchase of my gallon.
Score!
An extra bonus.
Garrett Popcorn didn't disappoint.
It lives up to their name.
Popcorn was fresh and tasted oh sooooo good.
I only wished the cheese popcorn was a tad bit cheesier.
Other than that the popcorn was magnificent.
It's very addicting.
Once you start eating its hard to stop.
Again, I'm just so happy that I only need to travel 10 minutes to the Strip instead of 1000 miles home to Chicago for this popcorn.

It was one big party in my mouth and Garrett Popcorn was the VIP Star!
Mouth Orgasm...
I think yes and I would like another!
Mmmmmmm yum yes!
I was lucky indeed to get to sample a golden bag of yummy caramel and cheese popcorn at a Yelp event.
This was the freshest and most flavorful popcorn I have ever had the pleasure of popping into my greedy and hungry mouth!
The cheese popcorn just melted in my mouth with that splash of a buttery cheese.
The caramel was fresh and just as divine which really made my mouth tingle!
The Chicago mix it what it was, cheese and caramel mmmm so good!
I devoured a small bag while at the event and made sure to grab another to take home which never made it!
lol I was enjoying more of it on the way home as it was just too irresistible to ignore.
If I could meet Mr. or Mrs. Garrett I would give them a big kiss and hug for making such a fine and delicious product!
If they had not been a vendor at a Yelp event I attended then I would have never known about this great product!
Thank you for your generosity I will be stopping by one of your stores for more!

Being from Chicago....cheese and caramel runs in my blood!
This is a Chicago staple and boy have I missed it!
So when I saw that they opened up a shop in the Planet Hollywood in Vegas I was ecstatic!!
You have to get the "Chicago Mix" which is cheese and caramel popcorn together.
The combo is DELICIOUS!
Also BONUS you'll get super cheesy fingers to lick off when you're done!

I was dubious of the caramel/cheese popcorn combo...and then the counter person gave me a sample.
I went back twice in 4 days.
The sweet and savory combination of the two flavors blew my mind.
Another day, I had their buttery popcorn...also good.
For someone like me, who loves popcorn, this place was a danger zone.
I am glad I had to walk so much pushing a stroller to work off this guilty pleasure.
They also have plain popcorn and specialty popcorn recipes like Caramel Almond and Caramel Cashew.
Fortunately, I am returning to the Bay Area where they do NOT have a Garrett's...yet.
But if you are in Vegas and are near Planet Hollywood, take a walk through the Miracle Mile shops towards the Halo bar and find this place...you won't be sorry!

The best!
Now I really miss Home.
The Chicago Mix is the Best!

A little over-hyped.
It is definitely better than an ordinary popcorn around but it is not the best.
I did not like that it was a bit chewy when we purchased it at around 12 (which is 1 hour after they open).
At first, I was drawn to the cheese flavoured popcorn but it got very salty after a few bites.
I then tried the combination caramel crisp and almond caramel crisp that my husband ordered and it was much better.
I mixed in the sweet, nutty and the salty cheese popcorn together yielded a nice combination.
It was good for once a great while treat.

OMG!
So freaking good!
I bought a small bag of the cheese flavor and went right back to purchase a whole tin.
It was melt in your mouth cheesy goodness.

It smelled good and so I ordered the cheese one for my sis and I ordered the caramel almond one.
It was good minus the ginormous clumps that I have to break apart.
It was still warm when we got it.
Yum-O.

Finally!!!
I first tasted Garrett's in 2001 on vacation in Chicago and have been hooked since then.
So any chance I get when I have friends visiting or traveling through Chicago I ask them to bring me some.
I did a happy dance when I heard it was coming here.
Being a local the Strip is the last place I like to go but made a trip to Planet Hollywood and was pleasantly surprised, valeted at the shops and went straight to Garrett's.
There wasn't even a line which was what I was expecting.
I got the Chicago Mix of course, cheese and caramel!
Delicious as always!

Can't say enough good things about this place.
I had the Chicago mix, salty and sweet, perfect combination.
Popcorn was fresh and the employees were very friendly and helpful.

The only reason I typically can be dragged to a movie theater is for the popcorn, so ya I'm a fan.
Though I swear this place puts MSG in the popcorn, cause I'm addicted to it Get a bag of the Chicago mix  I have to force myself to put it down and not finish the entire bag.
I know you're saying it's just popcorn, but whatever they do to it..... is Magic

My husband and I waited in line at the Michicgan Ave. in Chicago and we thought it was amazing!
So we had to stop at the one in Vegas.
No waiting and we got our fix!!
Def a stop on all our Vegas trips from now on.

I swear this popcorn is my kryptonite!
When I started eating these warm crunchy morsels of goodness I literally transcended into a heavenly realm.
My sisters wanted to go to a restaurant after we got popcorn but I couldn't put my bag of love away, I kid you not I ate this damn popcorn at the table of another restaurant, that's how good this stuff is.
Get the Chicago mix it will change your life!
Keep in mind this popcorn has NO preservatives so it's best to be a beast and eat this stuff right away.
ENJOY!

Ok...so maybe it was a bad night.
I was introduced to Garrett during a trip to Chicago months ago.
It was by far the best popcorn I ever tasted and I even brought some home.
I was full of excitement when I saw that one opened in Planet Hollywood.
However, I only knew it was there because I passed by the sign.
I wasn't invited by that yummy sweet popcorn smell that smothers the streets of downtown Chicago.
Anyway, I decided to drop in for a bag of Chicago mix after the show.
Needless to say I was not impressed.
Popcorn was not fresh and it did not melt in my mouth.
I did not crave it like I usually do, as I was able to put the bag down and stop eating it.
I can only assume that maybe it was old because it was 1 AM.
Then again, I ate Garrett from Chicago two days after buying it and it was still good.
So what's the problem here?
They really need to step it up a notch here in Vegas because I had a better popcorn at a booth in Meadows Mall.
Guess I'll have to make another trip to the Chi after all smh.

Absolutely love the spicy cheese and caramel corn mix!
The staff was also very friendly and helpful!

Now that they have a place closer to Cali.
this is by far the best popcorn in the world...but if any advice were given, EAT IT THERE..best when eaten the same day.

A little taste of Chicago here in Las Vegas you have to have the Chicago blend  cheese and carmel.
They are so yummy but be warned you have to eat it withing 1-2 days of buying or it become stale

Oh man, I'm from Chicago and once a year I get back to visit and always get some Garrett popcorn.
It's so delicious.
Well, I was shocked to stumble upon a location in Las Vegas.
I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing because we come to Vegas pretty often and having a Garretts' habit isn't a good thing for my diet.
If you like kettlecorn, you will LOVE GARRETTS.
Kettlecorn tastes like sugary dried bland popcorn in comparison.
Get the Chicago Mix for a unique sweat/savory combination.
It's so good!!!!

I swear they put crack in their flavors.

I'm addicted to their popcorns after a few bites.
I got the Chicago Mix (caramel crisp and cheedar cheese).
I think I like the Caramel Crisp better.
Next time when I am at Las Vegas, I will probably get a big tin of their popcorns.

I recently reviewed the original Chicago location saying how much worth the wait it is, etc... etc... Well the same goes for the location at Miracle Mile Shops.
I only had to wait for 2 people in front of me and I was quickly getting my hand sticky in a bag of Caramel Crunch!
This still is my favorite caramel corn of all time, and it is always a challenge to not eat an entire bag of this stuff in one sitting!
The only thing which could have made it better was if the caramel crunch was fresh from the hopper, but that's about it!

the popcorn was delicious!
The best I have had so far.
the cheese, caramel and butter popcorn was delicious

Soooooooooo yummmmmmmmmmy!
I have a co-worker who is originally from Chicago, and would bring some into work, which of course was a great treat.
Then we were excited to find out that there is one now in Vegas, so this snack seems to happen pretty often now!
Definitely a must!
Chicago mix is the best-est!

This place has the best Cheese Popcorn in the world.
This is not a drill.
Garrett is quite the gem inside of the Miracle Mile shops- you get a lot of popcorn for a great price and can choose between cheese, Carmel, or a mix of the 2!
And yes they go well together.
On my second visit i got the Carmel corn with cashews- the taste is about as sweet as that alliteration.
If you find yourself woozily wandering the strip in need of a good snack don't even hesitate to take a detour to check this place out.

So my colleague T. L. gets me hooked on Garrett Popcorn when we connect in Chicago on our way to a conference in Jacksonville.
But just how often will I be connecting in Chicago so what good is it to love popcorn that I'll almost never be able to get?
Lo and behold there's a store in Las Vegas, where I have been visiting at least a few times a year since 2005.
Same great popcorn and cheaper than from the Chicago airport.
Only trouble is finding room in the suitcase to bring their popcorn back to Hawaii for me and friends.

What am I missing here?
While waiting in line, people kept raving about how good this popcorn (originally from Chicago) is.
Like literally on and on how this is the best popcorn ever.
Since I'm a nut when it comes to popcorn, I was easily sold....to try it,  I can see why it appeals to the masses but I was not easily hooked.
The popcorn is decadent here - Think Popcornopolis popcorn on steroids without all the extra frills.
It's super rich and buttery and just heavy with a few simple flavors.
The caramel corn definitely has some weight to it.
We came here 2 days in a row and each time, the popcorn tasted a bit stale, but that didn't stop me from getting a medium bag for $6, which was way too much.
I chose the Chicago mix of cheese popcorn mixed with the caramel popcorn.
Because it is so rich, a little goes a long way so I'd stick with a small bag if I were you.
I believe it has the potential to be everything that people say it can be but only if the popcorn was actually fresh and not stale and styro-foamy.
I'll have to give them another try before I rule them out completely ;)

I didn't get to check out Garrett's in Chicago and I was surprised to see one in Vegas.
I had to check it out.
Being into deals and coupons, my bf actually found a coupon in the Planet Hollywood shopping directory for a free small bag sample of the Chicago Mix which was the cheesecorn and the caramel corn.
The cheesecorn I really enjoyed but i think it's because it was pretty greasy for a cheese flavored popcorn.
Anything greasy usually tastes good to me!
The caramel corn was REALLY sweet.
I'm not a fan of caramel alone, so I knew I wouldn't like the caramel corn too much.
I also tried a sample of the kettle corn which tasted like any others...It didn't taste too out of the ordinary.
I hope I'm not being too harsh but I didn't think Garrett's was what it was hyped up to be.
The service was excellent--but I think I was more excited with the fact that I got free samples of popcorn than the popcorn itself.

For some reason this place isn't as good as the OG Chicago locations (5 stars all the way).
Popcorn tasted stale and service sucked.
I guess that's because its Vegas...mehhhhh

The popcorn can be hit or miss here, I think it depends on your preferences.
Personally I think their regular popcorn and cheese and ones with different nuts are just okay, like 3 stars.
However, I'm rating them based on my favorite which is the classic caramel corn, no nuts, just sweet and crunchy and flavorful caramel covered popcorn.

This popcorn place is amazing!
I always enjoy garretts in Chicago.
The popcorn I got from this location wasnt as fresh as the times Ive gotten it from the places in Chicago.

Soooo good  This popcorn is seriously addicting.
The chicago mix lived up to the hype.
I have friends that told me no matter what, I HAD to try Garretts when I went to Vegas next.
I'm glad I did.
It's located in a mall right next to Planet Hollywood and across the street from the Bellagio - pretty easy access if you're staying nearby.
The staff was pretty friendly and let me try whatever I wanted.
I will definitely stop again on my next Vegas trip.

We came on a Monday night and got a small Chicago mix for 5.08  - In Miracle Mile, next to Planet Hollywood  - Chicago mix = Cheddar popcorn + Caramel Popcorn - Together is a perfect combination.
But independently, way too flavorful.
- Cheddar is salty and Caramel is sweet.
- Make sure you bring your own water because you'll need it.
$2 for just a Vitamin water!
- Free Samples!
- Funny bag.
One side "To Share", the other side, "Not to Share" - After eating about 20 pieces of popcorn, it was enough to stop eating it.
I felt like I needed to go to the dentist afterwards.
- Good recommendation for novelty.

First introduced to Garrett in my hometown back in the day.
I can't pass an opportunity to enjoy these awesome kernels even if it is across 3 time zones.
I usually get the Chicago mix to keep it simple but I really prefer the cheese corn.
This stuff is good, really good.
I brought a tin home from my trip to Vegas and was the hero for the day.
Check it out but beware, you will get hooked.

I didn't know about this place until I saw people lining up and taking pictures in front of the store.
I tried the caramel and the cashew popcorn.
They were good but not good enough for me to take them home.
I have had better ones.
Maybe I should try the Chicago mix next time.
I'm really glad that they offered free samples or else I might regret after getting some home.

A month ago my wife and I discovered Garrett's accidentally while shopping at the Miracle Mile of Shops.
The cheese popcorn was to die for and the best we had ever had.
In my wife's bag there was one kernel of caramel corn which my wife and I had to split...it was unbelievably delicious...an out of world experience.
So much so that we devoured our two large bags that evening like lions on the African plains...and had to go back the next day to bring some back to the kids (and ourselves).
As soon as we returned home, we booked another trip and dreamed of Garrett's popcorn every night.
I woke up every morning with drool on my pillow!
Then...a month passed and we returned.
This time however, the cases were scant with their popcorn...and I did not see the big mixing pot in the back room...and when we ordered another two bags of their cheesy bliss...the counter girl went to the back room and brought forth a huge bag of popcorn to fill the display bin with.
We asked if this was fresh and she told us it was...so she bagged it up and we paid.
Halfway back to the hotel I dug into the bag...and was overly disappointed.
The popcorn this time was NOT fresh...and was on the verge of stale...It was very disappointing.
So now a week later from this last trip, half a bag sits uneaten...and no more dreaming of popcorn and waking up with drool on my pillow.
In a word...inconsistent!

It's popcorn how can you go wrong?
Well you can....pricing and taste.
Oh well better luck next time.

What is up with this gourmet popcorn hype?
There is like a 500% markup on this popcorn.
It's crazy!!
They do have some cool flavors and it was nice to sample them.
Wasn't sure if I'd lay down the $$ for this though.
This would be better off sold at a movie theater.
If you've never had gourmet popcorn before, you'd probably enjoy this more.
The sales person was not super friendly, but they weren't rude either.
They didn't seem to enthusiastic about their product, which left me even more skeptical about buying.
Give it a try, free samples can't hurt.

I hadn't been to the Miracle Mile Shops in a year and then all of a sudden I was there twice in less than a month.
I visited Garrett Popcorn both times because I find myself addicted to the almond caramel crisp popcorn .
I'd never had their popcorn at all, but the b/f and I were walking by, had some free samples, and then it was all over.
You can combine flavors if you'd like, which I did last night, mixing the almond caramel with the cashew caramel.
A small bag, just the right size for me, is exactly $4.61 including tax.
There's even enough for me to share (a little) with the partner in crime.
Garrett is known for the Chi Town mix, which is sweet and savory, but give me the almond caramel anytime--it's poppin'!

What a pleasant surprise.
It was just as expected being from Chicago and all.
This was like a lil piece of heaven on earth.
Since I now live n California and can get Chicago popcorn in Vegas.
I purchased a jumbo mixed for $19

Garret Popcorn without having to endure the freezing cold of Chicago?
I am sold.
What makes Garret popcorn so iconic is their trademark Chicago mix of cheese popcorn and caramel corn.
Salty and sweet before it became so fashionable.
But the corn kernel variety they use is also special.
It pops much larger and texturally it is a bit chewier.
Some people mistake it as being a bit stale since it is not as brittle and crisp as movie theater  or kettle popcorn.
When I first tried it, I thought that too, but I saw them pull the popcorn out  of the vat they used to pop it in.
Lighter when it is fresh popped, but still a bit chewier.
Their new spicy cheese flavor is awesome.
A nice subtle kick.
I had their almond caramel crisp which was good too.
But they were out of my favorite which is macadamia nut crisp and caramel pecan.
Sweet, salty and buttery delicious.

Great popcorn but very expensive $5.00 for a small cheese corn, but have to admit this is the best popcorn i have had in a long time.

Mmmmm I'm a fan of any of the caramel nut combinations.
What can I say....I m a fan of caramel nuts - the combination of sweet caramel coupled with salty nuts.
They usually have two nut pairing.
Today we got the pecan but if they have the caramel almond that's Z best!

The Chicago mix is the way to go!
A few months ago my coworker from Chicago brought a tin back for us to try and we were hooked!
I searched up local locations and found one in Vegas.
I'm from SF so it's safe to say I'm always making that short travel to Vegas, and finally had time to stop by this past trip!
The smallest tin (1 Gallon) runs $33.
Which in my opinion is a bit steep, but worth it for the fresh delicious popcorn.
Next time I'm there I would probably opt for the big bag option, which looks to be about the same amount of popcorn just put in a bag and it's $14.
Probably wont keep it as fresh for as long, but who are we kidding... like it would last long enough to get stale... am I right?
Can't say I've tried any of the other flavors... Are there even any other flavors?
Chicago mix is the definitely the only way to go here!

Had to get my Chicago Mix Fix!
Thank You Garrett for opening a shop closer to home, now I don't have to fly to ORD just to get my popcorn.
BTW : get a hold of the mall magazine and get a upgrade from small to medium ($2 value)

OMG...How can I properly Describe this popcorn???
Freaking AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
I am not even big on popcorn..but when I tried some of their caramel cashew popcorn..that was the best things I've ever tasted in my LIFE..I live in San Diego and had a craving for this popcorn after buying some for the first time... and went back up there and bought some a few weeks later!!
It is just that good..Guaranteed, no corn on Earth can touch this one!!
I even liked their plain buttered popcorn...Just some good quality stuff...You can taste all of the rich butter in each bite..and the caramel flavoring is indescribable..Definitely DO come here and buy their popcorn!!

The best - get the Chicago Mix!
What a treat to visit and happen apon this shop!
It is a little steep for popcorn but it is literally the best popcorn I've had in my life.
If you get a small bag, I guarantee you'll be back for more!

I read a review and it is true.
This is like crack.
I was told that this is the only location in the west coast and the original is in Chicago, so I had to try it.
I got the Chicago mix, which has the caramel and cheese but asked for them in separate bags because I dont like the mix.
I think I got more too :P Once you eat some, you literally cannot stop.
You put some sweet but then you want the salt so you keep switching back and forth until its gone.
I had the biggest tummy ache ever after eating this because they are so buttery and fatty and leave your hands all stained.
Did my body take a toll?
Yes.
Did I enjoy every second of it?
Yes.
Hence, I came back here the day I left to get another helping as a gift for my sister...which I ended up eating half of it again....followed by another tummy ache.
It is so damn good.
It is $5 for a small which is a pretty good deal.
You must eat here.
**TIPS** 1) You should sample their other caramel flavors with almonds, chocolate, or pecans.
They are candied so sweet but so good.
2) Split the chicago if you dont like the mix.
3) It gets soggy after a day if it is not enclosed, especially the cheese.
Eat it quick!
4) Enjoy!

***You used to be able to only get fresh Garrett popcorn in Chicago, but you can now find it in other cities like New York (next to Penn Station) or at this shop in Las Vegas (located among Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops); Garrett's Chicago mix combines salty cheese popcorn with sweet and evenly coated caramel popcorn; it is not the healthiest snack, but it is also tasty and addictive; like other Garrett popcorn shops, the popcorn here is a tad pricey (especially if you opt for one of their souvenir tins)***  I have not parked at Planet Hollywood, but I imagine they offer complimentary valet and self parking like the other major casinos and hotels on The Strip.

Their popcorn is fresh and taste amazing their nut mix is full of almonds and cashews not just a bad of popcorn with a but here or there.
Price is pretty reasonable for gourmet popcorn it is well worth the price.
If you have never tried it I suggest you try a bag.

Popcorn is popcorn.... until you try Garrett's.
A Chicago tradition, Garret's elevates popcorn to an entirely new existential state of popcornology, one that has you wondering why Garrett's isn't universally available in all parts of the country.
No, the world.
My absolute favorite is The Chicago Mix; perhaps everyone's favorite, as well.
Salty and sweet, the flavors of this transcendental  'corn'ucopia of brilliantly popped and expertly-flavored corn all work together like peanut butter and jelly, like yin and yang, like Bonnie and Clyde, like rock & roll.
Yes it's probably one of the more expensive popcorns you can buy outside of a movie theater, but you're not purchasing just popcorn.... you're buying an unforgettable drug-like experience that will leave you craving for more.
And more.
And more.

Yeah, Vegas version container.
I thought these are good for a gift to overseas friends.
They offer a couple samples before I purchase.
That was nice.

So my hubby and I first discovered Garrett's many years ago while walking down Michigan Avenue in Chicago.
We're minding our own business when suddenly I spot a line so long, we couldn't see where it ended.
Immediately, I told my hubby to GET IN THAT LINE ASAP bc there had to be something REALLY GOOD at the end of it.
Sure enough, it was called The Chicago.
OMG, this stuff is popcorn crack.
The cheddar/caramel mix is drenched in buttery, cheesy, sugary goodness.
This Vegas location delivers the same awesome product.
Enjoy!

