Over the last 3 years we've lived in the area, this place has changed 4 times.
First Uncle Bear's, then Tio Oso's, then Thirsty Cactus (or Thirsty Cantina, whatever, it sucked), and now it's TC's Pub & Grub.
The menu is typical bar food, including burgers, sandwiches, pizza, wings as well as some taco and quesadilla selections (which I always appreciate a good quesadilla so I will have to try it next time).
The restaurant section (which was always dead before) has now been opened up and TVs added so the whole place is more of a bar feel (thumbs up).
The place was packed for Thursday night football (Cardinal's game!
), but still got a good table close to a TV.
Server (who admitted multiple times he was brand new) was very friendly but had to keep asking other servers for clarification on menu, etc.
Still, nice enough and very attentive.
We ordered wings ("medium" but they were spicy!
) and their "ugly" crust pizza with mushrooms and olives.
The wings, very good, I would get them again.
Pizza, I wouldn't order it again if someone paid me.
The "ugly" crust basically is a thick hand tossed crust - too much crust (and half of it was burned) and very skimpy on the toppings.
It was pretty horrible honestly.
The actual toppings (although sparse) were very tasty... good cheese and fresh mushrooms and olives, so I would order pizza here again IF they have a thinner crust option.
Otherwise, if you are coming here to carb load and really need your bread fix, by all means, order the pizza.
I personally prefer a thinner NY style crust.
All in all I would come here again based on the good wings and service, and I'm looking forward to trying their other menu options.
p.s.
text TCSPUB to 411247 and they'll send you a text coupon for a 50 cent draft.
Score!
(I'm a sucker for a deal)  Cheers!

Pizookies here suck, but the service was awesome.

Apparently I came in to late to be a part of the drunken employees party.
10 pm.
Was called faggot by an employee??
She was being helped out of the bathroom by a man.
My refusal to give her a high-five got me this reproach.
"You're a faggot".
And all I came in for was a beer.

This place is withing walking distance but drove over to make sure it was worth the walk.
I love the new clean look.
Lots of different beers.
Nice pub menu.
Will definitely try a happy hour walk:)

I've been to TC's about 5-6 times now, and really like TC's.
My favorite is the French Dip sliders with sweet potato fries.
Great Cobb salad as well... and the fish tacos are just spicy enough for my husband... kids like the cheese pizza...
The servers have been attentive and the food has always been good!
I usually go for lunch, not for drinks, so I can't rate the bar, but I'll continue to go to TC's!

A great neighborhood bar!
Food has always been consistently good.
Big burgers, awesome nachos!
Cold beer and karaoke on Thursdays.
Great times.

Finally a great option out here in the South East valley.
The staff is always freindly and upbeat and make you feel welcome.
The food is excellent, we go at least once a week if not twice.
They are a very welcome addition to the pub scene in the east valley.
When the roll up doors are open the atmosphere gets even better.
just heard happy hour will go 11-7 DAILY.
Run don't walk.

Not really sure 4 stars is appropriate but the improvement from what it was deserves 5 stars!
So four is my special average.
We used to go Uncle Bears every week for kids eat free Wednesdays and it was good for a long time then it wasn't.
So we stopped going then it changed to Tio Oso's then maybe Thirsty Cactus, we tried to like it but it just didn't work for us and now it's TC's.
And it Works!
They opened up the restaurant which I think is better Feng Shui (really I do) and it's less cluttered, more welcoming.
The staff has been really nice (we've been twice) they have a kid's night on Tuesdays but my kids are too old for the clown/balloons stuff.
The food is good, I had pork sliders I think, if not memorable but I remember everyone left happy and content.
It was a good experience and sometimes that is the best you can ask for.

Good food, good beer.
I will be coming back.

Good food, cold beer, great staff!
This bar has changed hands several times over the last few years.
Best it has been!

With so few places out here, we've been waiting or a place that has cold beer and good bar food.
Burgers were cooked to correct temperature and tasty.
Lots of ingredients and flavors in all dishes.
Was clean on dining room side with attentive wait staff.
Will definitely return when feeling like beer, sports, and good bar food.

After many ownership changes they finally have a winner!
I've visited 4 times now, twice eating the special: Hot pastrami on a pretzel bun w/ fries and then a taco salad.
Both were around $7 and AMAZING.
I even took a second pastrami to go for my husband.
Then the wings and the avocado BLT.
Fresh daily soup choices that are unique and delicious.
Servers are friendly, and there is always lots going on.
My fifth visit will be very soon!

Started with incorrect drinks being brought to the table.
Instead of a mini pitcher, a regular beer was served.
We indicated that we ordered a mini pitcher.
When the server brought the pitcher, it was minus one beer.
Really?
Wow.
Nice way to make up for the mistake.
Then when the meals came, the bacon was missing from the grilled cheese.
No adjustments on the bill.
We made the adjustment on the non-tip.
Won't be back.

I must say how things have changed.
Karaoke on Thursdays, GONE!
Lively atmosphere, GONE!
Beer is still cold, that's good.
This was our Thursday night hang out but I must say, not anymore :( oh and there were no specials.
Hope they bring back the party on thursday night.

Had a chilli hamburger, it was really good.
Service was great.
They had a bunch of different items I plan on going back, worth checking out

My boyfriend and I ride our bikes here all the time!!!!
We love coming here and it has become our local hangout on the weekends.
The food is great (get the wings for sure), the drinks are great and the staff is very friendly and always remembers us.
They have live music on Fridays and karaoke on Saturdays.
If you haven't gone yet, you should definitely check it out.

Had a great time last night celebrating my brother's wife and her twin's birthday with food, drink, and keyboard karaoke!

Great for happy hour.
Quick service.
Good specials.
Don't think I'd come for dinner/lunch though.

Guy at the bar was rude and told my to leave with a protien shake I brought in and had been drinking the whole time.
Told me to leave amd get my shake out of there.
Not hey can you finish that and throw it away.
I was just wanting to watch the game while on my hour lunch from work.

Been going to Pub & Grub for several months and haven't been disappointed yet.
Good atmosphere and menu a definite place to go if you're in the area.

This cute neighborhood bar and grill is just the right spot for a tasty meal, cold beer, and great conversation with the locals.
Many neighborhood regulars welcomed us the first time we tried this place.
Our food was hot, flavorful and fresh.
They post the daily specials on large, visible blackboards.
The wait staff and bartenders are very friendly.
I have been here for karaoke night and have listened to live music.
TC's is a fun, relaxed, and enjoyable place that you can feel comfortable bringing your children.

The food is really tasty!
The staff are nice and friendly!
The bad reviews are from friends, owners, and employees  of the Wild Side grill next door that just needs to go out of business because their food and service sucks!
Tc's rocks!
I'd give it 5 stars but nobody cooks better than me !
Lol.

Really good food and service is good but the place closes early for a bar and the tough biker gang in their sons of anarchy cuts and loud bikes are incredibly intimidating.
I'll pass.

Been wanting to try this place for a while since it changed ownership.
Went for karaoke on Saturday night.
The place is only open until 1am.
Drinks are expensive.
Service was really good.
Didn't try the food but it looked like normal bar food.
Karaoke was fun, nice host.
Would go back due to location.

I had the clam chowder on Friday.
I consider myself somewhat of a picky eater.
I have been running restaurants for 20 years and have eaten all over the world.
I have to say that without a doubt, TC's clam chowder is the best I have ever had!!
I should have bought a gallon of it to bring home.
A must have.

We had two great meals of fish tacos & ruben sliders.
The bartender Brian was  great & we enjoyed the friendly atmosphere.
The spicy coleslaw was also very good  & different.
The beer was cold and a lot of choices on tap.
It was our first time here and we will be back

Staff is extremely friendly.
There are many regulars which is an awesome sign.
Can't wait to come back for karaoke on Saturday with my boyfriend!

The burgers are awesome!
I love the salsa and the cheese dip.
You guys really have an excellent recipe.
Oh, and I love the buns on the burgers.
Something about those white "specks" makes it amazing.
Keep working, guys, you are all awesome.
I love everything about this restaurant!
Keep up the good work, everyone.
You guys are awesome!

We love TCs!
Food is good, staff is friendly, all around good neighborhood place.
On busy nights it can get a little loud so I wouldn't recommend it if you were in the mood for a quite night.
Occasionally they have live music as well.

If you're looking for a sports bar in the area this place will do.
It has pretty good food, not too overpriced.
The service was very good.
Happy hour is great!
Get the pitchers of course.
We came in on a Thursday and played bar trivia.
It was fun.
I don't recommend bringing children, but some parents feel differently I suppose (saw three unsupervised kids playing bar Jenga, but not playing it correctly, in the smoking area).
I thought a good place if that's what you're in the mood for.

A friend of mine thought it would be good to take me to lunch since I've been busy looking for a job .
and he suggested this place .
which I have driven by many times but never stopped.
Had the "Chef Boy R We Burger" ad fries .
the burger was very tasty, but a little over cooked .
I like a juicy burger, and this was more well done .
the beer was nice and cold .
and the fries could have been crispier.
Definitely a place a will return too.

