Not very happy with our first experience with this yogurt shop.
The yogurt itself was just Ok.
Hence the reason for the extra star.
I put Oreo on top of Birthday Cake, sea salt Carmel and cinnamon bun.
The Oreo was actually soft and stale.
I couldn't believe it, we live in Vegas not in the South where humidity destroys these cookies.
Too many yogurt places to go back to this one.

Just as good as the other yogurt places basically the same toppings and a few unique flavors.
It is a little cheaper than youswirl or what ever it is called.
Tried the honey Greek and my son finished it off before I finished mine which is a rarity, I had the Tahitian vanilla and it was awesome, and my oldest had strawberry and he finished his a little faster than normal also so it must have been pretty good.

It's nothing special, but depending on where u may be convenient and sometimes that's all that matters!
Not much more than that.
At $0.40/ounce it's higher than other places and only has 10 flavors to offer.
Which isn't as many as the other yogurt places in town!
It's mostly clean with a few TVs and service is average, not memorable.
Therefore, if all were fair, I'd go elsewhere.

Decent enough froyo.
The roadside signage is so nondescript that I drive past this place daily on my way to and from work and have never noticed it.
The location itself, once you turn into the plaza, is hidden from the street because it is behind another building.
Problematic, but alleviated with good advertising.
Went in and there was another solo chick leaving with her cup of dessert.
Layout of store is a little odd: cups and toppings by door, then yogurt dispensers, followed by more toppings and the register, where you are finally addressed by an employee.
Opted to mixed a few flavors: the cookies and cream was on the bland side, but the Tahitian vanilla and dark chocolate were both very good.
For toppings, I added strawberries (not many left), cherries, and a sprinkle of peanuts for crunch.
Topping selection overall seems to be on the slim side, though I can't tell you what they were missing.
Service was polite.
TVs inside were tuned to SportsCenter and the Spurs game.
Now that this place is on my radar, it's the closest froyo to home.
Will likely be stopping by on my way home from bad days at work.

