i used erik for his legal services.
he was fast effective and kept great contact with me through the whole process.
I will use him again whenever i need something!
thanks for making that easy!

I had paid a $100 deposit for a bankruptcy a few years ago that I was told was refundable should I decide not to go ahead.
I was treated rudely when I asked for a refund and was given the run around until my request was denied.
Wouldn't trust this attorney and his office.

I hired Mr.Severino to handle my BK case.
I was able to schedule an appointment  right away and he was very clear and thorough with his explanations of how BK filing works and which was the best option for my needs.
I was actually very pleasantly surprised that he was so prompt in response to email and  phone calls.
I have dealt with many different types of  lawyers throughout my life and most attorneys aren't as quick and responsive as Severino is.
Anytime I sent him an email I would get a response within 15 minutes or less no matter what day or time even if it was after office hours.
My BK has now been discharged for months but I recently needed a copy of my proof of  the discharge .
I was out of town and I emailed him for a copy and he emailed me back within a few minutes with what I needed.
I highly recommend Mr. Severino for anyone that needs BK help.
He went above and beyond for me and I was extremely happy with his service.

Erik was highly recommended by a couple friends and now I know why.
He is a fantastic attorney along with being a "truly caring person .
I found myself, like many in need of his service, and a stressful time.
Erik made me feel comfortable and explained things to me so I could understand my options.
Anytime I had a question, he called right back, and it was him!
That is the personal touch he has.
I did have to file and he lead me through each process.
No more constant phone calls.
Erik is great at what he does and I highly recommend him.
If there was 10 "stars" rating Erik would receive it.

We  picked Eric randomly out of the internet phone book...He had good reviews so we gambled that he would treat us well...I should say he delivered everything he said he would...He made no unrealistic promises...He behaved and treated us completely professional..He did not talk down to us like some lawyers can do to people..VERY IMPORTANT: He had very good rapport with court judge and court officials..That is nice to have for legal proceedings...a lawyer who the court will work with..
I would use him again and would recommend him to others.

