If you're anything like me, your pets are your "kids," and you want to be certain they are safe and well cared for while you are out of town.
Because my husband and I are originally from the Midwest, we travel back there frequently to see family, and had really struggled previously to find a trustworthy pet sitter.
We prefer in-home sitting so that our babies feel comfortable and safe while we're gone, but our last experience with a sitter was awful (seriously awful - sitter was MIA and lying about being in our home), so we were VERY hesitant to let someone new into our dog's lives - and into our house!
But, we kept looking out of necessity, and I am SO thankful that we did.
We found Shelley at Crazy4Paws, and she has been an absolutely blessing for us!
When she came over to meet our dogs she immediately bonded with them, and it's evident that she has the biggest heart for furbabies!
She does this job because animals are her passion, and you can tell.
We've left our babies with her four times already, and I have nothing but glowing things to say about how she's handled everything while we're gone.
I never once worried about them (which says a lot, coming from me!).
She is always on time, goes above and beyond to make sure they are taken care of and feeling loved, and sends us text message updates (and sometimes photos!
) of every potty and overnight visit that she does, just to let us know how they are doing and ensure that we feel comfortable.
She's also very reasonably priced for the area, and more than worth every penny!
Honestly, Shelley is the absolute best when it comes to in-home pet sitting, and I am so glad we found her.
I wouldn't trust anyone else with my furbabies.

If you love your animals be it your dog or a cat like your child, then there is no better pet sitter then Shelley @ Crazy4Paws.
Shelley is amazing.
She loves and takes care of your kids as if they were her own.
I know when I do have to leave town, my boys are in the best care.
Lots of love and play time.
I never have to worry when my boys are with Shelley...  Once you try Crazy4Paws you will never wanna leave your kids anywhere else again.....

Second home for my dogs... ;)

Shelley at Crazy 4 Paws is amazing!
I love and spoil my dog.
Our dog is the king of our castle.
Shelley lets him still be king at her home.
We previously used a doggie day care but he needs a little more attention and comfort.
He receives all of this at Crazy 4 Paws.
We initially set up a few hour visit with her to see how he would do in her home with her dogs.
He seemed to do great and still happy when we picked him up.
Now- the tell all will be how he reacts when you come back for a second visit.
With his tail wagging and so excited to go inside, I knew this is his vacation place!
He gets along with her (much bigger) dogs like they are old pals.
She keeps him on his walking and feeding schedule with lots of attention.
It's more than we could hope for!
It's great to get an occasional picture from Shelley just for reassurance your fuzzy family member is enjoying his stay.
It's comforting to know your pets are loved and well cared for in this loving home!
I would highly recommend them everyday and twice on Sunday.
;-)

We want to thank shelly for taking care of our alladin while we are in Las Vegas.
She took good care well.
We are coming back for christmas vacation and see u soon..

Shelly does a great job with my two dogs.
They are my babies and I followed her on fb for a while like a stalker to see how she was with animals.
She made me feel pretty comfortable once I saw how much she was involved in the community, loves her own dogs like kids and all the dogs she takes care of like her own.
I left my dogs with her for 6 days for vacation.
She posted photos online with them, took them to the park to play and even posted my dog dressed up with a hat on.
Stuff like that makes all the difference when you are away from your animals.
She does boarding for dogs that get along with her own dogs, will do over night stays and feedings/potty visits at your house.
She is very affordable compared to what you would pay at a kennel or vet.
Overall, I would highly recommend her services and plan on using her again in the future.

