Came for the grand opening today with my mom.
The prices are fantastic, and the employees were very nice and helpful.
Even the Vice President was there, and we talked to him.
They have a wide selection of items, and a impressive produce and meat department.
Even though the line to get a buggy was almost 2 hrs and the check out lines wrapped around both sides of the inside I never once felt agitated or annoyed about it because of the employee and management presence.
Not to mention every lane but two were open, that makes a big difference.
I will MOST definitely be back to Winco!

stopped in during the early evening hours the madness was starting to quiet down, I wasn't buying anything just comparing prices and for the most part it compares to Walmart or lower.
Reminds me of the old Mega Foods stores only on a higher scale.
I will definately be back.
I did see quite a few of the trailer park crowd there last night and that makes me nervous with all the bulk bins and the offspring running around

Nice store.
Super busy.
A lot of variety will good prices, but they don't bag your groceries.
So beware if you are doing major shopping.

Never before, never again!
I'll grant you,  the prices are cheap.
(thus 2 stars) The rest of the experience was underwhelming.
Had to search the parking lot for a cart.
The layout is confusing.
The customers for the most part were and interesting group.
You really do get what you pay for and I will pay more and be much more relaxed at another store.

Amazing price on organic bulk coffee, low priced steak and they treat their employees really well from what I hear.
I hope this place gives Walmart a run for their money!

This is the wrong address.
If you check the Winco website this location has a Power Rd address, NOT a Hampton Ave address.
My full review is in the Power Rd Yelp entry.

Prices are not really any better than Wal- Mart.
Clean & good selection.

Huge grocery store.
There are a few great prices, though be sure to check them out closely.
They would compare the product with Frys which is where I typically shop at, but the size of the pruduct is smaller then what they are comparing to, so not apples to apples.
It is an interesting lay out.
Plan for a good hour if you are going to do a full weeks shopping.

Winco or Walmart, which store is the better to shop at???
For me, who cares, I just wanted to check them out!
And grocery shopping is my number one most hated chore.
Grabbed my daughter & grandsons on a Friday night and headed on out there, I had my grocery list with me but really didn't think I would be getting everything I needed there.
Winco reminded me of Food 4 Less out in California with the set up, but as soon as I walked I started to see the low prices, and for me that's a win win,   For a Friday night around 6ish, it wasn't too packed, we walked up and down the aisles and looked at everything there was.
I did knock out my grocery list and even got some extras and it didn't put a dent in my wallet, in fact left me some money haha.
I liked what I got, and liked the prices of things, and I will be back and this time price comparing things.

This place is awesome, it has a huge selection of everything and the produce section here is expansive and fresh.
Although I don't come here often because I eat out way too much, if I had time to make my own meals more often, then this would be my go to spot.

My wife and I come here often for our grocery shopping.
They are good with the standard stuff.
If you want anything "ethnic" you should go elsewhere.

win win at WINCO!
Love this place it's worth the drive from Gilbert.
Great prices and a very clean store.
friendly staff.
Just beware of the seniors who may mow you down to get in line ahead of you.
I let them go and smile knowing I have a ton of food to cook for my family at affordable prices.
lovely produce selection.
Love the bulk items including spices, olive oil, and fresh ground peanut butter it's like whole foods items at much cheaper prices in bulk section including pastas, rice, granola, beans etc.
so thrilled one is going up in Gilbert !

After living in Idaho from 2005-2007 coming back to Mesa, I wished that there was a Winco.
Well after wishing it came true.
I love Winco, they got some of the best prices for groceries.
My favorite thing to do on my way to the movies is to stop by Winco and get a bag of candy to smuggle into the theater.
Winco even has fry sauce, which I loved about living in Idaho.

I Love Winco!
They got the Big Bulk containers, plus they carry Dave's Killer Bread!
They have a larger selection of produce than most of the grocery stores around here, they are open 24 hours and got a big parking lot.
I usually come here to buy my snacks for when I get the munchies and also my fruits because there is more selection at cheaper prices.
They've got a bakery and a seafood and Deli in this location.
These guys also carry the S&B curry mix,Sapparo Ichiban saimin noodles and Aloha shoyu.

Wow, got a lot of food and snacks for half the price of Walmart, really shocked I thought it wasn't going to be a huge difference, but my wallet says different!
This place is huge compared to the FoodsCo I'm used to going to in CA.
It's like a cheaper costco but you don't have to buy everything in bulk!
Lines aren't crazy long like at walmart and staff are a lot friendlier too!
Plenty of parking, they take card and cash.
And ice is 98cents for a 10lb bag!
Not bad WinCo not bad... :)

You can get some good discounts here, and a lot of bulk items such as granola, spices, and nuts.
The store is kind of like walking into a warehouse, with minimal decor and more of an industrial feel.
Aisles are easy to navigate through, and there's a decent selection of foods that you would need.
To keep prices low, they only accept debit if you pay by card.

Love WINCO.
Great prices, very good meat and produce.
Probably 5% less expensive than WalMart and the clientele inside is usually...better ;)

I usually do majority of shopping at Wal-Mart since its usually the cheapest.
(Dont do add match, I'm too simple like that).
First time I went to Winco was a few days after the Grand Opening because we got a flyer in the mail.
I've heard comparisons of it being like Cost Co (heck, even the building used to be Cost Co) and that there was no membership needed.
Had to go, right?
Well first off, it was still real busy, we had to park pretty far out (doesn't bother me much).
Other than people every where the store looked pretty impressive and the bulk section, for some reason, caught my eye.
I usually don't do bulk foods, but it looked marvelous.
I recommend the chocolate covered banana chips.
I'm no expert on bulk, but the prices on some of the things were a little high.
The grocery/produce section is pretty simple, I did like the bakery too.
The deli section is where its at though.
Haven't tried deli food yet, but the meat are pretty good and a real good selection too.
One of my favorite grocery stores to buy meat in.
So overall, some things are cheaper than other grocery stores, and well, some aren't (like any store).
I still do the main shopping at Wal-Mart though, but I hit Winco if I want to make specialty things, and maybe pick up some bulk candy.
I recommend going to this place at least once.

