It's no discovery that Discovery Park is a first-rate local park in Henderson's Green Valley Ranch neighborhood.
It is a safe and clean park for people of all ages to play.
At only eight acres* Discovery Park provides sufficient amenities.
There are picnic tables and shelters.
There are courts for volley ball, basketball, and tennis.
There is a state-of-the-art playground divided into two sections.
And the majority of the park surface is mostly grass which is ideal for activities including flying a kite, soccer, or laying down on a blanket.
I am impressed by how clean and kept up Discovery Park is.
Grafitti is nonexistent.
The grass is green to perfection.
And the facilities are in top shape.
When reviewing a local park, I take into consideration the immediate area.
Discovery Park is incorporated into the Green Valley Ranch Master Planned Community.
Nice homes surround it.
On account of the fact that Discovery Park is contiguous to the Paseo Verde Trail, it is a trailhead for an extended hike through the Green Valley Ranch community.
It's no discovery that from Centennial Hills to Mission Hills that the Las Vegas Valley is full of four star local parks.
And Discovery Park is one of them.
*Source: City of Henderson website.

Just your average park located in Henderson.
I'm lying, really a small park located in Henderson.
One thing about the local parks out here, they're pretty big compared to what I'm use to in California.
Discovery Park is a smaller park that reminds me of some of the parks that I am use to.
Came out here yesterday for a change of pace.
Instead of hitting the gym to hit the weights, I chose the park for a walk with a friend.
It's still a nice park with a few amenities like a kids area, basketball court, and tennis courts, but that's pretty much it.
Not the biggest park in the world and had to do a couple of laps around it just get anything close to a workout.
But when the weather is nice, a walk in the park will always beat a smelly gym.

Great Playgrounds, great trails, and great location for birthday parties.
I highly recommend it!

