BEST Falafel in town and great Shawarma too!
This is  little store front, counter up front and bar stool seating.
Food ranges fro $6-8 plus sides and extras.
I went with a Shawarma pita $8 upgraded to a lafa +$8 which included all of the salads i wanted in side.
I kept it simple with shug and hummus.
It Was fabulous, The flavors, the soft lafa the creamy hummus it was simply a divine experience, maybe because this place is also kosher.
We also had a side of 4 falfel balls.
They were amazing, a crisp exterior reveal a moist and flavorful interior.

Paprika absolutely rocks.
The shawarma is incredible, especially with a bit of shug over it.. and on the hummus.
Plenty of food if you order a plate.
Order a lafa and you will need to split it.
Kosher, so the quality is extremely high.
And the pricing is dead on, as well.
Just a little bit northwest of the Scottsdale/Shea intersection, you cannot go wrong with Paprika.
Haven't tried the ribeye, but it looked fantastic.
Israeli salad, eggplant, baba ghanoush are all here.
You should be too!

The food is good, but expensive because everything is a la carte.
My son ordered a lafa wrap, which cost $13, and did not come with any side dishes.
My falafel tasted very good, but was mushy.
Again, there were no sides.
I ordered a bottle of Coke, which was a small bottle and just barely filled one cup.
Lunch for two people cost $28, which I think is a lot for 2 wraps & 2 soft drinks.

This place is delicious and the shawarma brings me right back to Israel!
Definitely order the shawarma or falafel, both are homemade and perfectly spiced.

The chicken shwarma was moist however, the Lafa portion is too large for one person.
The falafel taste was great but the batch was slightly over-fried.
However, this place is good for a quick lunch.

WOW.
SO GOOD.
My mouth didn't want to leave.
I had to bring my mouth back for dinner just to make it shut up for awhile.
Perfect Sharwarma.
Amazing sides: roasted Mediterranean eggplant salad, baba ghanoush, Moroccan carrots, Israeli salad, this amazing spicy sauce that kicks it all up a notch, hand made pita, etc etc etc....!!!!
I love this place.
And what nice peeps that run this place.
You come her a few times, you'll be one of the gang.
Gabby, Omer, Alon, and the whole crew are all your pals.
I LOVE THIS JOINT!

just an update: The spicy sauce is a Yemenite sauce that is popular in Israel, made of jalapeno paste, garlic, and about 400 other things, giving it a rolling wave of different flavors and episodes of heat, from the time it hits your tongue to the time it glides down your throat.
It elevates an already spectacular shawarma to the level of high art.

I think this place can be considered a hole in the wall kind of place since it is very tiny and the only beverage served here is water.
It's open and bright but I still had a claustrophobic feeling the whole time here.
The menu is very limited and more limited than the picture of a menu posted a while back.
I tried the chicken shawarma plate that came with two sides and picked what they called spicy carrot salad and eggplant.
The chicken was moist dark meat that differed from other shawarma I tasted because it was more almost nutty tasting and less of that tang taste that some shawarma has.
The portion was monstrous as I ate a bunch my husband ate some and I took over 4 oz home.
Maybe they just wanted to use up that batch and let it all go on me?
I don't know?
The eggplant was tasty and tasted like you fried onions with eggplant in a pan.
The carrots were skillfully chopped into the tiniest cubes and seemed to taste a bit like coriander but weren't spicy but flavorful.
I liked the spicy sauce that came with the plate it wasn't too spicy but was very flavorful and it was long and lingering and interesting.
Both of us were blown away with the beef kabob.
It tasted better than we were expecting so it was a pleasant surprise.
It tasted like the juiciest better tasting burger you can imagine.
A thin nice sear and very moist lightly packed beef that was very good.
My husband said if we ever go back he will try a hamburger from here.
The kabob plate came with two sides and my husband picked fries and salad.
The Fries were COLD AND SOGGY and might have been leftovers from the large take out order before us.
The salad was finely diced tomatoes and cucumbers that they call Israeli Salad but according to Wikipedia Arabs also call this salad Arab Salad and Palestinians call this salad Palestinian Salad so it seems the Mid East is also fighting for bragging rights over this salad.
Our waiter offered us some pita bread with tehini.
I have to say time froze and stopped  still for a second when we tasted the pita.
It was that good, I don't know how you make a simple pita taste that good but it was.
It was fresh warm very light but strong in texture.
My husband isn't really crazy about any shawarma from anywhere but even he said the chicken on this pita was delicious.
I took home my left over chicken home and a few sauces and ordered a few felafel's to go.
They are green inside and that is an indication of a better felafel that is made with fresh herbs instead of dry.
The felafel's didn't have a big crunch but were moist inside and very fresh herby tasting.
Our waiter was very thoughtful and just kept trying to bring me more food.
Some big hits but the fries were a miss.
It really was like traveling the world.
Limited hours I think open Sunday-Thursday.

This place has phenomenal schwarma and other Israeli meat specialties.
The schwarma is cooked on a traditional vertical skewer and made from dark meat chicken.
They serve it in a lafa (kind of like burrito style) or pita.
I prefer lafa, since you can get all the ingredients in each bite, whereas in a pita, the ingredients are layered on top of each other, so may get 1 bite of just eggplant or something.
My favorite toppings: Schwarma in a lafa with roasted eggplant, hummus, tahini, israeli salad, and charif (spicy sauce).
Unfortunately, they seem to run out of schwarma frequently.
Because of that, I have tried a few other dishes, all of which have been good but not as good as schwarma.
I have had the beef kabob which is basically a hamburger shaped as a kabob with unique seasonings, and the chicken schnitzel which is a pounded boneless skinless chk breast breaded and lightly pan friend.
Please note that this is a kosher restaurant.
However, the prices are closer to that of a non kosher restaurant and the portions are huge.
This is a great benefit - the quality of a kosher meal at  a competitive price.

Went back today with my fiance and her parents and little brother.
She and her father ordered the beef kabobs.
They were not good - super salty.
But, as always, the owner came up to our table a minute after we got our food and asked us how everything was.
i told him the kabobs were too salty and inedible.
He immediately asked what else us we wanted, so they ordered two more schwarmas - free of charge of course.
Shwarma is always delicious here and i strongly recommend trying it.
Shnitzel was also very good.
They now have waiter service, and the service was great as well.

Absolutely delicious!
Can't wait to come back!
Chicken shawarma is juicy and seasoned to perfection.
Falafel, schnitzel, beef kabobs, were so great.
Sides r tasty!
We feel like we r in Israel.
The owner and his son are very charming!

Food is phenomenal.
Very high quality, very fresh and very flavorful.
Reasonably priced this place will be my go-to for a quick, healthy bite.
Service reminds me of being in Israel....

First visit.
Saw it reviewed in the Arizona Republic and it sounded good.
We enjoyed the food.
The falafel platter was great and the  mixed (chicken) grill was also tasty.
The babaganoush and hummus were excellent.
The spicy carrot salad good but not great.
The Israeli salad was what one would expect.
The beverages are all nonalcoholic.
This is a small place.
A table of 17 which included 7 loud and not well controlled children had a major effect on the ambiance.
Service was good and apologized for the disruption caused by the large group.
I think we will return.

Of all my restaurant experiences, the one today at Paprika sums it up as the most welcoming, friendly and warmest of all.
Never having been here before, I thought I would venture out of my usual comfort zone and try this little tucked away Mediterranean bistro on the west side of Mercer lane in Scottsdale...  As I walked in the door, I was promptly greeted with a warm "Welcome" by Ari , also my soon to be server.
As soon as I was seated, Ari asked if I had been there  before and also offered a quick overview of the menu.
I zoomed in on the shawarma, which can be either served on a pita or on a lafa which makes the shawarma look more like a burrito.
For $ 9.95, trust me that you will be getting plenty of food and definitely enough for you to take home or even share.
Today's shawarma special was veal and it was absolutely succulent and just perfectly spicy.
Alongside the meat is out of this world hummus, Israeli salad, and served with French fries or a substitute if you prefer.
Never having had a falafel, I told my kind server and he happily agreed to let me try a complimentary sample, which I thought was awfully kind.
I could not believe the size of the shawarma...it was truly unbelievable and bustling with nothing but fresh ingredients and just lick to the bone deliciousness.
While enjoying my meal, I had the pleasure of meeting Gabi the owner who was just incredibly kind, friendly and warm just like any other restaurant owner should be.....truly outstanding in every respect.
For hours thereafter....my spirits were uplifted as a result of enjoying some of the purest and freshest tasting shawarmas I had ever had in my entire years of living....
Thank you for such wonderful hospitality...

Dropped in for a quick bite before heading out for a girls' night, and it was quite an amazing experience.
They had items on their menu that I haven't really seen often, which I was thrilled with since I like places with unique items on their menu.
Unfortunately I wasn't particularly hungry enough to get a meal all to myself (I know, shocker, right?!
), but the wonderful gentlemen working there bought us an order of hummus to try out.
I gotta say, as full as I was, I was eating this hummus -- it was so fresh and amazing that I couldn't help myself.
I will absolutely be back to try their other menu items... as well as get another order of that yummy hummus.

Very good and run by great people from Israel.
You won't be disappointed!

Solid Israeli fare.
The schnitzel is very crispy and therefore GOOD.
Two main gripes:  1.
No Doc Brown soda(s) 2.
No pickled turnips  Enjoy.

The food is delicious and reasonably priced.
The staff is friendly and service is quick.

This place and Mozart are TOP QUALITY... the grilled chicken was the best I've ever tasted around the world.
Shawarma was done very well also.
I'd say the hummus was meh...  Pita is extra thick and fluffy.
Also, the young boy working there was sooo friendly and helpful.
I will be a regular here and Mozart.

Ok I'm kind of obsessed with this place!
Their food is fresh & tasteful!
The chicken shawarma is tender & moist!!
Hummus is clearly freshly made everyday!
Delish!
Eat here!!
Bonus: staff is extremely nice!

A coworker of mine often brings people here, so another coworker and I decided to try it for lunch a few weeks ago.
It's a small little shop with a couple of tables inside, but there was no wait and we perused their menu deciding on what to get.
They have a pretty small menu but I liked everything on it which made the choice a little difficult, but I decided on the chicken kabob platter with hummus and fries.
My plate didn't come with the stated pita for the hummus but I didn't want to say anything so I kept hush, but the hummus was really good.
I also really liked the chicken and it looks like they hand cut their fries (or at least they look like how it does when I make homemade fries).
My coworker had the pita and she really liked it.
She also got their hot sauce (not the bottle, they have a salsa type sauce) and she really liked it - said it was super hot.
They don't have any alcohol (if you're looking forward to it with your meal), but I'd definitely return.
We stopped into their cafe/bakery next for and their cookies look really good but we didn't end up taking anything home.

More than disappointed... especially after the glowing reviews.
I went in for lunch on a Friday with my family, simply desiring a sit down lunch for my children which didn't involve French fries.
The lunch menu was quite simple-only five chicken selections with your choice of various side dishes.
First I ordered the Shwarma... "Sorry, we are out of that" was the reply.
I reviewed the menu options and tried again, asking for the Kebobs.
Only to be told, "we are out of that too".
The cashier was apologetic and explained that they would be closed tomorrow, however I found it odd that they would not have nearly half of their small selection.
I settled on a different chicken plate and was then asked to choose my sides.
I took a look at the sides and asked for rice.
"Sorry, we are out of rice".
Uh oh, not this again.
No rice?
I am seriously considering leaving at this point, but the reviews are so good I decided to stick it out.
This time I ask for a side salad.
Two guesses as to the reply... yep, out of salad too.
I look around the establishment and see several other tables with people-Lord only knows what they are eating (since nothing in the menu is available)!
The only options left are fries (exactly what I wanted to avoid) and Israeli salad, so I order that.
My total for two lunch plates and two drinks, a whopping $32.
I couldn't believe it.
Definitely more expensive than expected.
Also, when I sat down there were no high chairs to sit my daughter.
Oh well, I should have expected that one.
The food that came out was not bad, but my experience had already been soured at this point.
The food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience.
I honestly can't understand why this place is rated so highly.
There are far too many wonderful options in Scottsdale to waste your money here.
Sorry.

We were in the mood for this type of food and based on reviews we decided to try this spot.
When we pulled up we realized it was owned by the same people who own Mozarts (which I like), but the food here wasn't comparable.
Based on the cashier's recommendations, we tried the chicken schwarma pita and the plate version.
We also ordered a side of fries.
As soon as we got home and opened up our meal we realized the fries were raw potatoes soaked in oil which we ended up throwing away.
How do you screw up fries!?
The schwarma was even worse.
The chicken was super greasy, over cooked and not very tasty.
The plate came with no veggies and was literally an expensive pile of meat.
The meal was very disappointing!

This restaurant is not worth the effort.
My guest and I arrived at 12:50pm on Monday, Restaurant opens at 11am.
We were seated close to the kitchen area---TV Blasting--requested it to be turned down--which was done.
Went to order our lunch choice they did not have any white chicken meat only thigh meat.
My guest said her lunch was less than fair Chicken Schwarma made with thigh meat.
I ordered ChickenKebob was informed no kebobs, then ordered Chilled Chicken breast and was informed there is not white meat.
GIVE ME A BREAK!!!
I ended up ordering Chicken Schwarma Plate-dark which I dislike--plate came out with meat cold, pita cold and during the conversing with my guest my guest and I viewed the chef eating during preparation of our lunch, the chef became irate when asked to reheat my order as the chicken was cold.
Yelling out the chicken is not cold then sticking his hand into the meat not even sure if I received a new order of meat.
The plate was cold and probably cooled down the chicken.
The pita was also sent back and returned still cold.The pita had no taste.
This restaurant should not be opened for business they do not know how to prep food and serve at a proper temperature nor how to accept their customer comes first.
The Board of Health should come in and do a spot check as (1) chef should not be consuming food doing cooking orders and(2) the gentleman who takes orders and serves food should not be rubbing his eyes as he handles dishes and serves food.
(3) Not only this a young man came in and needed money I guess maybe to go shopping??
But the chef is the person who opened his own wallet and gave this young man money and then proceeded to handled food for an order--did not wash his hands.
Will never go back Same owners as Mozarts and they should be ashamed for opening Paprika!
There was hardly any customers in the restaurant, this should have said enough, but i will always give 1 try and trust me this restaurant did not deserve this one try.

I love this place.
They're very helpful, they will custom make a made to order meal for you,  the food is delicious and the portions are ample.

