I've been reading and anticipating the opening of Chada for a few weeks.
From reading some online news I knew it was one the restaurants I must try.
So I was pleasantly surprised to see it open last Friday while driving past the area.
The owner I read is the sommelier of Lotus of Siam.
When we walked in, we could definitely see that was the case.
Wine bottle labels adorned the wall.
And a full wall of wine racks that still sit empty.
The restaurant feels new but they seem to be off to a good start.
Our waitress was very courteous and attentive throughout our meal, but you could tell she was new to her job.
The food arrived slowly.
We only were able to finish our chicken satay due to a flight to catch.
The satay was descent.
I thought the chicken looked more baked than grilled.
Pad mee prik kang we took to go.
It was a little more on the oily side but it was very tasty.
Although we were not impressed with our first visit we definitely would  return to try other dishes.

OMG!
I am so glad Chada is here on the West Side of LV.
I am a huge Lotus fan, but Lotus is far and recently been variable.
While brings the same memory as the first time at Lotus, the food and vibe is completely different.
Casual, but demurely hip, if you KWIM.
With its clean lines and simple color palate of grey and red, Chada reminds me of simple modern start up restaurants in NYC...that is a nice look.
While not very big, the place seat about 40 people comfortably.
As of this point, Chada does not have a liquor license so no alcohol served.
We did take advantage of their courtesy BYOB with no corkage fee!
However, I look forward to their wine selection in the future, though.
The menu style is all small plates, but the portions are equivalent of atleast 1.5 main dish servings.
I hope that doesn't change,  because the dish prices range are extremely affordable ranging from $6-18; most dishes averaging in $8-12.
Some of the fish and beef dishes are in the higher price ranges, but well worth it.
My husband got the spring rolls, which was $6 for 4 rolls...pretty reasonable.
We got 4 oysters in chili sauce and mint for $8, the crispy pork belly with sauteed greens (choy something) for $10?,  Seabass Tod Krueng was phenomenal...extremely tasty, unique generous portion even at $18, and sauteed ribeye in fish sauce.
While execution was still a bit "slow" it made for a nice relaxing meal while we sipped on our favorite wines.
Every dish was prepared beautifully.
I can't wait to come back and try all the other dishes too.
A few things.
You can tell the establishment is new, servers are still learning the menu, but they were polite.
The menu lack organization, but that can be a good thing, because it makes you look through the entire menu.
Once ordered, dishes came out one by one with a bit of lag time in between, but again, it really gave each dish time to be enjoyed.
I can't wait to go back; it better be soon, because I know Chada's popularity is going to skyrocket to the height it deserves.
Congrats to Chada and to us, Westsiders, who have something just as special as, if not better than, Lotus, closer to home.

The Skinny: bland pad thai but overall okay cuisine  (2.5) service: poor - complained about an under cooked item and the restaurant staff ignored the issue altogether (1) value: although the food is okay, the lilliputian sized dishes and exorbitant prices make this place a no-go for me ... oh yeah , they also charge $1 for rice(2).
My hubby was scouring online for all the new restaurants that were going to hit Las Vegas and hit on Chada Thai - a tapas style Thai food joint.
Opened by a former employee of Lotus of Siam, this place was on his immediate "need to go" list.
So we went on opening day and I believe we were one of their first customers in the restaurant.
(FYI - John Curtas just edged in before us.).
Now let me get this straight - I'm a little leery when someone tells me it's a "tapas" place.
Because my brain translates this to - "we're going to give you 50% less food  but only reduce the price by 20% so you can 'share' and try more things.
" It's a FOS total cash grab marketing scheme of which Chada Thai is no exception.
We ordered approximately 10 items for 3 people (including two $1 bowls of  rice which they charged extra for) which ended up being about $82.16 pre-tip and left the restaurant hungry.
Yeah - we left f&(king hungry and s&*ting gold f&*king bricks afterwards.
We ordered two vegetable dishes - a grilled eggplant dish and a stir-fried mushroom dish.
The grilled eggplant ($8) consisted on half of an eggplant marinated in kind of a green papaya salad type dressing.
The flavor combination was nice however the grilled eggplant was a little bit tough texturally.
The stir-fried mushrooms ($8) consistent of 2-3 different mushrooms with a sliver of lotus root and 1 brussel sprout mixed in.
You heard me -1 brussel sprout.
There was too little wok hai to the dish and hence the dish was swimming in too much liquid.
The flavor was alright but nothing special.
The braised pork belly ($8) had a nice melt in your mouth texture and good flavor.
However there were only 5 small slices of meat to go around.
The kai tod (garlic fried chicken) was good ($10) and one of the surprisingly more reasonably priced items on the menu.
They actually gave you a large portion of the cornish game hen.
The meat itself was tender while the outside was crispy and well seasoned.
Pad see ew ($6) was one of their better dishes of the night - good flavor with some good crisping of the rice noodles.
Their pad thai ($7) though was one of the worst dishes.
It was a little unusual for the rice noodle dish to be completely encased in a omelet but we went with it.
The omelet was a little bit tough from the overcooked egg while the noodles were completely bland.
Not recommended.
We also ordered the steamed sea bass with the plum sauce ($18) which I found to be a little too sweet for my tastes.
I would not order this again.
Massaman curry ($9) had a nice flavor however was devoid of any real amount of vegetables or meat in the stew.
Literally 2 chicken drumsticks, half of a raw small potato and perhaps half an onion.
Oh and about that raw potato -- so we informed the manager/owner?
that the potato in the dish was raw.
His response - "but the chicken is cooked, right?".
"Yes.
" And that was it.
He did not offer to correct the problem or even acknowledged that it was an issue at all as long as the chicken was cooked.
He didn't even offer an apology for incorrectly cooked food.
That is poor customer service and speaks to the inexperience of the staff that work there.
Although I appreciate that we went on opening night, I have to say for really hit or miss quality Thai food (I would perhaps get maybe 3 out of the 8 items we ordered again) at over the top pricing for the small portions I would probably not return.
However with the added poor service response, I would recommend avoiding this place like the f&*king bubonic plague.
2 starred review.
At the time we went, they didn't have a liquor license but they allowed BYOB without charging corkage fees.
Woop de doo.

Good atmosphere

New place opened in the same plaza as Q Karaoke, Icy Juicy, and HK Star.
Apparently it is opened by the Sommelier from Lotus of Siam.
We went kind of late (10:30PM on a Thursday evening).
There were two other groups there.
The restaurant was designed nicely with a nice atmosphere.
Left wall is designed with framed wine labels.
Far end of the restaurant (coming into restaurant) is the wine rack.
The restaurant was designed contemporary style with white dinnerware (square plates, "oddly" shaped bowls, etc)   We were seated and served with water.
The water was in a container with no ice.
Not sure how to describe the container but its something you sometimes see in a korean place for the flavored soju.
It has like a plastic "cork" like cap and a metal thing that u pull away and lift up to take off the cap.
XD   We had ordered 3 things.
- Miang Pou (Lettuce wrap w/ crab meat, ginger, roasted coconut, peanuts, lime, and onion)  - Tom Kah Kai (Coconut soup with mushroom - chicken) - Kai Tod (Fried half cornish hen w/ garlic)   with a bowl of rice on the side ($1 extra - not included)  Starting off with the Miang Pou (lettuce wrap).
(refer to picture for presentation and reference).
The wraps (5) were oriented around the plate like a star with a shot glass in the middle filled with the sauce.
Each "portion" had a little of each ingredient on a baby leaf of romaine-like lettuce.
A note that was not listed in the ingredient list above, each portion has a small thai chili piece in it (if u cant eat spicy, dont eat it).
The sauce that was included was a little too?
citrusy/sour, (probably from the lime), and probably contained a sauce made with peanuts, lime, and onions.
For some odd reason, there was something bitter in the wrap, but i couldn't pinpoint what it may have been.
Next would the the Tom Kah Kai.
It was served in a large bowl.
Not like some other thai restaurants, where it is served on a sterno heated pot.
This soup, was also a little citrusy/sour.
It was flavorful but both me and my friend would prefer it to be more rich (more coconut milk) vs the sourness.
Decent amount of ingredients.
Still delicious when eating alone or with rice !
Last but not least, the Kai Tod.
This was actually the most delicious dish out of the 3.
It was nicely fried.
The breading was light and crispy.
Not thick.
The meat of the hen was juicy and flavorful.
As i was eating the piece of hen, i noticed how the seasoning was actually inserted in between the meats and around.
Maybe a little heavy on the black pepper but it was still good.
(i like black pepper anyway) .
There was approx 6-7 decent sized pieces.
Wish they put more fried garlic (i love garlic !
)   Overall it was an ok experience.
The lettuce wrap kind of seemed a little expensive for how much you get.
Was a little saddened by how the soup was like.
Wished the menu was a little bigger but the food wasn't bad.
Service was decent.
Price was ok. Little more expensive than the average thai restaurant.

It's in the same plaza as Icy Juicy, right across from the 168 Supermarket.
Next to the karaoke place.
It was very quiet and deserted (like 2 other tables) when we came in (around 1030pm).
The waiter was very nice and pretty prompt.
It's one of those dim-lighting environments.
The menu is just pretty much two pages.
I'm not a big fan of the prices.
There were 3 of us so we ordered three dishes and split it between us.
You'd definitely have to order more than us to be full.
WHAT WE ORDERED: Miang Pou $9 - Lettuce Wraps -- There's about 5 small pieces of "lettuce wraps" so it's like tapa size.
Not going to be fulfilling for that price.
It's a bit spicy and it was okay but nothing special.
It had crab meat, ginger, roasted coconut, peanut, chili, lime, & onions.
Tom Kah Kai $8 -- coconut soup w/ chicken & mushroom; don't forget to get some rice with this ($1 per bowl).
Nothing special to me.
Kai Tod $7 -- This is a fried half Cornish hen w/ garlic and it was the best thing out of the 3.
I'd definitely get it again.
Overall, it was decent enough but nothing really stood out to me.
Just A-OK.
The good thing about this place is the hours so you can come out at 12am and eat here since they don't close till 3am.
They don't have their liquor license yet, though.

Went to this new spot with a few coworkers after work.
We herd this was a great place to try but to bring our own alcohol because of the liquor license not being valid yet.
So we brought 3 bottles of nice Reisling and they had no problems popping them for us.
We ordered around 12 items from the menu.
One of the unanimous winners was their Pork Belly.
It was so delicious, and perfectly prepared.
We also enjoyed the Beef Jerky, Wild Mushroom App, and their Lettuce Wraps with Coconut, and Ginger.
The worst of them all, by far, was the Strip steak which was extremely overcooked!
So overcooked, we literally couldn't swallow it.
Even the accompanied sauce was atrocious.
The other dish which none of us cared for was their Wings which were dry and unappetizing.
But overall the meal was good.
Our servers did feel a bit hesitant, And shy, but they accommodated all of our needs.
and recommended some really delicious dishes.
We will definitely be back.

Came here a couple of weeks ago.
This place had a trendy atmosphere (gray walls, red chandelier) and the service was quick.
Also, I heard that the owner was the prior sommelier for Lotus of Siam and thus promises good wine pairings in the future once he obtains his liquor license.
For the time being I appreciate that they allow you to bring your wine with no corkage.
The down side of this place was that the portion size for the price was rather small.
I believe another person on Yelp stated japanese tapas size and I tend to agree.
The food was good, however, we ordered soup, appetizers and entree and they brought it out all at the same time.
However, that being said when we told the waiter they offered to have the entree dish re-fired.
We had the oysters, an appetizer (I can't remember the name) that was similar to chicken lettuce wraps, the braised pork belly and Thom Ka Kai.
For three of us we spent $60 for dinner, with no drinks.
We left full, not stuffed, but okay.
Overall the food and atmosphere were good but for the price and quality I would rather go to Lotus of Siam.

I really like the ambiance.
Dark little thai spot great for late nights since they are open til 3.
Initially i thought the prices were a bit high but a few days later i went to Archi's and realized that Archi's prices have gone up significantly so this place gets another star boost!
if you want some SPICAY in yo mouth, get the larb  3.5!

Not sure about the other reviews but this place is outstanding.
Having visited six times since it opened, I have found the food and service to always be great.
Each item has always been cooked to the perfect temperature and the prices are incredible for the quality.
The service is excellent, I am unsure why every restaurant does not take the time to train the staff like Chada obviously has.
Add in riedel stemware, a convenient location, nice buildout and a great playlist.....go.

We had a party of three arrive at 10:30 PM on a Saturday night.
We ordered soup and two appetizers and told the waitress we were still looking at entrees and requested the aforementioned order to be placed.
We decided on three entrees and ordered at the server's next pass.
The soup arrived first and this version of Tom Kah Kai was overpowering in citrus.
If the soup had been hot it might have been passable, but the soup was certainly prepared fresh and hot, but then plated in a cold bowl and then portioned in individual cold bowls for our party of three.
By the time we took the first spoonful, the soup was merely warm.
As we were eating the soup the two appetizers arrived.
Shortly after, while still eating the soup and prior to a single bite of appetizers, all three entrees arrived.
As the three dishes were being placed on the table I asked if they usually serve all the food at the same time.
The server laughed and smiled and I said it really wasn't funny as I had ordered in courses and now all the food would be cold by the time I was able to eat it.
He asked what I wanted him to do and I told him to do whatever he wanted.
He took two of the three entrees away and said he would have them prepared after we finished the soup and appetizers.
Not sure why only two of three but I told him to do whatever he wanted.
When the entrees arrived for a second time, they were served on stone cold plates along with the rice, which is extra, served in a cold bowl with no covering.
So despite the efforts to bring the food when we were actually ready to eat it, this restaurant showed how poorly food can be presented and amateur hour at its best.
I will say that two of the items ordered, the oyster appetizer and the curry crab entrée, were exceptional for taste and quality.
The fact that all the hot items were so poorly presented, and initially presented all at once, really shows what little this management knows about proper service.
This was my one and only trip to Chada and I will drive a few extra minutes to eat at Lotus where they know how to run a restaurant.
At Chada prices, it is somewhat offensive to be charged extra for white rice and for hot tea.

Looking at pictures of the food and seeing the different presentations for the same dishes and how I experienced my own dishes tells me that Chada lacks consistency, which is something important to people who would want to become regulars.
I suppose that shouldn't be a problem for me.
As others have mentioned the sommelier from Lotus of Siam opened this place, so many people expect this place to be similar to LOS.
It's not.
It also doesn't have to be.
But it should be good and reasonable.
The flavors were good.
I ordered the  Lettuce Wrap: 5 small pieces of lettuce with crab, crispy garlic, a Thai bird chili slice and some sauce in the middle, delicious yet not filling.
Referring back to location, I think it's safe to say that it affected my thinking because anywhere else in Chinatown where I would order lettuce wraps, one lettuce wrap would have been equivalent to the five little ones combined.
However, that said, I would say that lettuce wrap was enjoyable.
I also tried the   Pork Belly: 5 slices of almost-tender belly, balanced in fat and lean meat, but lacking in melt-in-your-mouth texture and smoothness.
The dish was well-seasoned.
I was surprised (unpleasantly) by the  Massaman Curry: 2 chicken drumsticks, two pieces of onion, and 2 pieces of potato with only enough curry to dress the morsels of food.
There was no rice included.
I have never had curry served without rice.
Curry is meant to be eaten with some carbs.
I ordered a side of white rice.
I recommend that the staff should put the rice in a small bowl then cup that bowl of rice into the bowl they are serving it in, so the rice looks presentable and appetizing.
The way the rice was served shows lack of experience.
Maybe all they need is time and a couple of reviews to help them out.
There are many great places for Thai food.
I don't know if I will be back considering their price to reason ratio.
Their food and ambiance were good - just not good enough with the other places out there.

It was with great anticipation that we watched and waited for this place to open.
We attended on opening night and noticed food critic, John Curtas, in the house.
We were simultaneously intrigued by the tapas style concept yet apprehensive as well.
In our experience, "tapas" often translates to expensive small portions.
Unfortunately, the reality left much to be desired.
Long story short, Chada Thai = overpriced small portions of mediocre food combined with subpar service.
For our party of 3, we ordered about 10 dishes plus two $1 bowls of rice which cost us $80+ before tax/tip and we still left hungry.
At most other Thai places, you could pay half that amount, leave stuffed silly, and it would taste better too.
The "highlight" of the evening was how they handled the raw potato in the Massaman curry.
When we brought it to the attention of the manager/owner(?
), he asked if the chicken was cooked enough.
When we replied yes, he just walked away and ignored the issue.
There was no offer of redoing the dish, taking it off the bill, or offering any sort of discount.
At the very LEAST, they should've offered to give us a properly cooked potato!
Especially during these economic times, you need to offer customers value for their dollar: good food and decent portions at a reasonable price.
This place offers neither and combines it with crappy service to boot.
I don't see Chada Thai lasting very long unless it makes some dramatic changes to address its deficiencies.

I recently visited this place after reading about it in Eater issue.
It is cute and small, good for small groups and a casual bite.
The food was decent and service was fine overall.
We brought our own bottle of wine, there is no corkage fee, which we liked.
The portions are rather small, but the prices are not high either.
We had lettuce wraps with crab meat for appetizer, pork belly and yellow curry as a main dish.
I did not care for dessert - coconut jelly.
I will go back again.

Cool lil' spot and open until 3am, big bonus for industry sloths.
Tucked away in a strip mall, the inside is cute, quiet and not what I expected at all.
Nice wine selection and decent prices, about ten beers or so as well.
No hard stuff:( We ordered a GRIP of stuff and lord knows I can't even begin to remember all those names, I speak trailer trash.
What I did have and enjoyed: Fried cornish hen Coconut soup with chicken Papaya salad Chicken wings  Flat noodles w/chicken and fried eggs Ribeye salad Pork Belly with veg Softshell crab w/apples and cashews  The 'meh' items; Pig ear and tongue, just needed to be crispier Seabass, sauce was great but wouldn't order it again  Granted there were a few of us, so don't think that my fat a$$ ordered all this shiznat.
Prices are great, def looking forward to going back.
Service was attentive and super friendly.
Wondering if you can BYOB here?!?!
Bring your own BOURBON that is...

this new hipster thai place is pretty good.
been here twice so far, they got some really good appetizers.
my fave is the lettuce cup wraps and the mushroom plate.
the lettuce wraps are small and bite size and have great flavor.
the mushroom plate has 3-4 different kinds of mushrooms.
i love mushrooms (not drugs).
other dishes that like are pad see eww, pad thai, and the lobster tail.
all good.
last time i went my gf ordered me a glass of wine.
towards the end she tasted it and i guess it "oxidized" i didnt even know what the hell that tastes like but the server took off our tab.
id definitely go back again especially since they are open late.

40 seats in the whole restaurant so it's cozy.
Open till 3am which is amazing.
Portions are small, and prices are high... Im a healthy eater and I also like to try lots of things, but I ordered soup, the fried seabass, extra noodles, chu-chee lobster, and another dish and still was not full, despite the check being well over $75.
The first time I went, I was not asked how spicy, and boy all the dishes came out blazingly hot.
The true Thai experience.
The next visit, I asked them to tone it down just a notch and it was perfect for me.
Pros: Great flavor  Cons: Small Portions High Price Pay extra for rice or noodles  I'm rating this restaurant purely on taste and not price or value.

Fantastic food.
Our party of three tried a variety of things, and every... single... thing was delicious.
I liked the aesthetic of the place, and the music was of the appropriate volume, and of pretty good selection.
Only two things were negatives: Price - a little higher than I would have expected, and deserts - really just odd, but not mind blowing.
That said, I'll definitely go back, as I think they might be my new favorite.

Chada Thai highly impressive!
Being a Thai girl myself, I was very pleased with the food and ambiance.
The service was stellar as well.
the decor in very chic, and not what you would expect door being in a strip mall in Chinatown.
It's open until 3am, and since I am in the industry it was nice to have this option of going to a place and not feeling like we needed t rush to get there.
My coworkers and I really enjoyed trying all the tapa style Thai dishes.
Some were small plates, while others were normal portions and more than enough to share.
I was excited trying different items that aren't usually seen on more traditional Thai menus.
I would say some of the dishes were Thai Avante-Garde even!
A must to try are the quail eggs!
Yummy!
The oysters on the half shell( us girls even ordered a second order they were so food!
), the soft shell crab with tamarind sauce was refreshing.
Don't forget to try the crispy pork belly and papaya salad with fresh grilled shrimp.
The only dish we didnt like was some pork patty thing.
They also have a very impressive wine selection.
There are many more dishes we wanted to try to we will be going back for sure!
Service was great as well!

I cannot believe this Chafa Thai has so few reviews, it is a really great restaurant!
I had been meaning to come here since it opened and finally came here for dinner with friends.
The restaurant is small, it probably seats only 40 people.
Which is nice, it gives it an intimate vibe.
Usually when I go to Thai places I choose a curry of some sort but decided to venture out and try something different.
We started with the lettuce wraps, which are not the basic lettuce wraps you can get anywhere else.
These are so good with a tamarind dipping sauce.
For my entree I chose the prawns with spice lemongrass salad.
My friends ordered the sea bass and the basil and lemongrass tilapia.
The dish is the whole fish, and they de-bone it at the table.
I tried it, it was very tasty, it had a strong lemongrass taste.
I didn't try the salmon but my friend said it was very good.
My prawns were excellent, excellent, excellent.
I opted for a glass of Riesling to go with my meal.
For dessert I ordered a scoop of coconut ice cream, which I really enjoyed since it was not too sweet and it had shaved coconut on top that gave it a crunchy texture.
Everything was super fresh and tasted wonderful.
The service is very, very attentive.
Two different waiters attended to us and they were both very nice.
I think some people may have disliked the portion sizes.
Most casual Thai places in town serve huge portions of food.
The portions here are smaller, but it is fine dining after all.
I left feeling happy and satisfied, but not over the top full.
All in all, it's a great local restaurant that needs more love from the community.
Check it out!

With all the Thai restaurants in Vegas, it's hard to say which one is my favorite, but Chada is definitely up there with the best for me.
Hands down it is the best looking Thai restaurant in all of Vegas, they did a fantastic job with the inside.
It has a dark, wine bar feel to it.
Red glass chandelier hanging from the top, wine covering the back wall, and another wall filled w/ framed pictures.
You will be pleasantly surprised when you walk in.
Rib eye salad appetizer is money!!
(For all of you who do not understand the urban slang "money" it means 'of unusually high quality, very good.
'  For example, Kobe Bryant is money).
The whole menu actually has rib eye options if you don't want their regular beef chicken, pork or shrimp.
Bless their hearts for not putting fatty rib eye either, I gotta give them that, it's money!!
The server recommended their grilled pork dish.
Also a money dish, big pieces of sliced grilled pork over a bed of Chinese broccoli.
Not a saucy dish by any means, very simple, but very satisfying.
Last recommendation was the crab curry.
It is served with three spirals of rice noodles.
Also a money dish, the crab is not over powered by the curry.
You definitely get the essence of the crab if that is your thing.
It doesn't have that strong flavor that you are used to in other curries like panang for instance.
It's a light dish, I would share it with friends, I wouldn't make it your main entree.
The least money dish was the drunken noodles.
Typical, sweet noodley dish you can get anywhere.
I would instead try the three dishes I mentioned earlier.
Perfect example of a restaurant having a decent rating and not a lot of reviews but still being excellent (or I should say money).
Yelpers do not be fooled by the reviews, I would make this the next Thai restaurant to go to, it is a hidden gem indeed.

Good thing I knew the address and was meeting friends for lunch or I would have never seen this place.
The shopping center is full of little restaurants, but all of which have signage which draws attention...but this one.
It took me a few minutes to find it once in the parking lot.
The decor is impressive considering how small the restaurant is; nothing fancy, just tasteful and simple which doesn't over power the space.
The service on the other had needs more work and could definitely improve.
I realize it was the lunch rush, but to be seated and not get a drink order or be acknowledged for almost 25 minutes is a bit much I'd say.
I realize they were busy, but to make eye contact and then avoid the table is poor customer service in my opinion.
Since I was meeting a large group of friends I decided not to take my business elsewhere which would normally be the case given the service to that point.
The lunch menu was simple but unique.
In hindsight, the meal descriptions didn't do the food justice.
The food was excellent and worth the wait.
The combination of ingredients in everyone's food was perfect and no one had a single complaint...other than the service.
I didn't try the oysters myself, but everyone who enjoys oysters raved about them.
Maybe it was the large group I was with or just the crazy lunch rush, but overall the experience wasn't what I had hoped for, and if the food wasn't so good I would have given it 2 stars.
I will give them another try, but if the service isn't any better I won't be back no matter how good the food is.

I'm just gonna take care of the controversy first: I like this place better than Lotus of Siam.
The hours are FANTASTIC, the service is friendly, and every single item I've had has been absolutely delicious, high quality, and not greasy at all.
My favorites are the raw oysters,  Salmon Larb, and Tom Yung Goong.
I've been on the hunt for the perfect bowl of Tom Yum, and this is the best I've found in Vegas.

We came in late night about 1030pm because I saw that they were open late.
The dining area is modern and in red tones throughout.
They have framed labels of fine wines on one wall which made it look classy.
I ordered the pad woon seen and it was really sour and way to spicy for a medium.
I like to have a balance of the sweet, spicy, sour and salty, but this dish was lacking the sweet and salty.
I was also able to taste the fried pork belly with greens and it was just fried Chinese roast pork.
A bit disappointed with this one too as when I think of pork belly, I think of something a little more refined, tender and juicy.
The pork was dry from the frying.
I would come back to try other menu items but it's not on the top of my list.
One day...

Unbelievably delicious meal here.
The value this little gem offers is fantastic- Thai cuisine to the delicious wine.We came during the week and had outstanding service and a terrific time.
The lettuce wrap with crab meat and ginger kicked it off and we had a great meal all the way through to the rib eye finish!
And if the meal itself was not even enough don't leave with out a pot of tea and a Thai sundae!
Don't be scared the hot dog bun makes it.
Give it a shot you are gonna love it!

Chada Thai and Wine goes for the upscale fine dining atmosphere and pulls it off well in my opinion.
The service is very professional, and the wine selection is very extensive.
I came here for lunch with a couple of friends and ordered the Tom Kha Khi ($8), Pad Kee Mao ($8), Sen Mee Kang Pou ($12), and Moo Hong ($8), all ordered hot.
Overall the food was good.
I enjoyed the Pad Kee Mao (with pork) the most.
It had a really dry, herbal flavor to it.
The pork was moist and well prepared, and the veggies were plentiful and spot on.
The balance in flavor was well done while staying interesting with intense herbal flavor.
The Moo Hong (pork belly in a soy sauce) was good too, although it tasted kind of like a Japanese dish.
The pork was tender, perhaps slightly dry, but fatty and flavorful.
I had mixed feelings about the See Mee kang Pou (crab curry on fermented rice noodles), and the Tom Kha Khi.
Both dishes used a peanut sauce to add sweetness, and I just am not used to that, especially in a Tom Kha.
Still, the flavors were nice and popping, although perhaps not super well balanced.
I could have done without the peanut sauce in either dish.
This rating was a tough one for me.
I enjoyed the food well enough, and the wine selection was impressive.
However, the portions are definitely small.
The curry was served in a small bowl, the pork belly only had about 8 small bites.
The Pad Kee Mao didn't have a lot of noodles (a lot more veggies).
Although the Pad Kee Mao was a really fantastic dish, the others were around a 3-3.5 for me.
Combined with the low value of the smaller portions, I have to end up at about a 3/5.
Don't take my word for it though, this is still a good Thai restaurant worth trying!

Chada Thai & Wine is amazing.
I generally encounter Thai food that is heavy, overly saucy, and lacking subtlety.
The freshness and delicacy of Chada's food is amazing.
Beneath the many layers of ingredients in their curries and sauces, you still taste the very freshest ingredients.
Chada also has an incredible selection of white wines that perfectly complement Thai cuisine.
With ample choices of Champagne, German and Austrian Riesling, you can choose the perfect match to almost any dish.
This was the best Thai meal I have ever had, and that includes Lotus of Siam.

Chada Thai & WINE.
Oh you fancy huh?
No this review was not written in 2010 as much as that opening would have you believe.
I decided to try take out from Chada for lunch yesterday as I was in the area and to be honest I rarely make it out to Chinatown for dinner, and combined with the the whole wine and fine dining-ish premise that I usually avoid, I figured it might be my only chance to indulge in the John Curtas heavily praised restaurant.
I went with my standard order of Basil and Chili Chicken lunch special (non-wine version), and entered 10 minutes later to a nearly empty dining room.
The food was ready very quickly afterwards and the guy handling the payment and handing over the food was very friendly and accommodating.
When I got back to my office and opened it, I was literally taken aback by the site.
No hyperbole, this was the best looking Thai take out meal I've ever had.
I uploaded a pic which probably doesn't do it justice, but for being in a standard white Styrofoam container, it looked about as good as it can get for me.
Plus I love that they actually give the soup to go!
That's one of my Thai food pet peeves, that so many places advertise the lunch specials coming with soup, but more often than not they don't provide for to-go as I assume they don't want to deal with the extra to-go containers or just some minor cost cutting.
Well chada had a small container of Tom Yum (I think?
) that I thought was a fairly standard version for the most part.
The mushrooms seemed to be of slightly higher quality to me than usual, though I'm not a mushroom expert by any means.
I then moved onto the egg roll which was tasty (and also had mushrooms in it which I'm not used to).
It had gotten a little soggy from being on top of the other food.
I find I prefer egg rolls to be separated when provided with a takeout order, but overall a solid fried log of goodness.
I then bravely tried the salad even though I hate salads generally, and was quite surprised.
The greens tasted fresh and best of all the dressing had a nice hint of ginger to it which seemed again like a step above what I'd normally expect.
Chada, you made me like a salad.
Respect.
Lastly I tackled what I expected to be the Pièce de résistance, the basil chicken and rice combo (note: I forgot to ask about brown rice so not sure if they offer it?).
I was so excited from the look of it all mainly due to the chicken looking like nice, freshly sliced chicken without a lot of fat hanging off of it.
Unfortunately this is not the norm for Vegas Thai restaurants that I've been to, so I was happy to see it here.
Sadly I ultimately was disappointed in this aspect of the meal.
When I called I was asked if I wanted it mild, medium, or spicy.
I said somewhere in between medium and spicy.
Well, I'd say it feel somewhere in between mild and medium, and more on the mild side.
Spice notwithstanding, the chicken just tasted bland.
Like 75% of all losing dishes on Top Chef, it could have been helped with a little salt.
I also like having a lot of sauce when I order this dish so I can soak the rice a little bit while eating.
This was almost devoid of sauce which was nice to not have to worry about spillage, but the meal suffered in flavor because of it.
The quality of each individual component was excellent.
This was almost undoubtedly the best chicken I've ever had at a Thai restaurant, but again unfortunately it lacked the flavor and spices to perfectly go with it.
I was really torn between a 3 and a 4 for Chada.
On the one hand, having a somewhat bland main course is one of the biggest sins a Thai restaurant can commit in my book, but on the other hand almost every other aspect from the rest of the components to the service was impeccable.
I'm going to give the benefit of the doubt to Chada and award a 4, and I will most certainly be back to judge again.
Their lunch specials are a couple dollars more than you usually find, but I think the addition of the soup and high quality ingredients it could be worth it.
Then again maybe they're spending more on those and not as much on salt and spices.

Super cool inside.
Decor is fun and hip.
The food is outstanding!!
From the outside you would never expect this place to look as good inside when you see it from the st.  A must go!

Great food and friendly staffs!

This place was bombalicious.
Came here with a party of 5 close to 10 p.m. on a Saturday night.
We practically had the restaurant to ourselves.
Ordered a bunch of appetizers, entrees, and desserts.
All delicious, but the item that I thought stood out the most was the PANANG CURRY.
For 9 bucks, dam that is some good stuff.
Great selection of wines... the som their recommended a great Italian wine that was delicious.
Found out that it was only $35 when the bill came.
Great food at very reasonable prices... just can't beat it.
Place is open till 3 a.m. but a little bit far off the strip.

I was taken to Chada by a friend while visiting Vegas.
I'd lived in Vegas for a couple of years and was well acquainted with the Thai offerings: Lotus of Siam, Archies, and Krung among them.
The meal I had at Chada surpassed them all.
I won't go into extensive detail.
Suffice to say that the fresh oysters, crab curry, and ribeye with mint sauce.
All were exceptional.
I was hoping to get back again before my trip ended.
I can't recommend this highly enough.

I truly wanted to love this place but unfortunately, we weren't too impressed with the food.
However, the server was constantly checking up on us and they do have a great wine selection to choose from.
The ambience is perfect for a first date... or any date for that matter.... dim lighting, lovely interior, and an impressive display of their wine collection.
Now if only the food could match up to the service and pleasant decor of the place.
Fresh Oysters:  average, but still the best thing we ordered.
Pork Belly:  unimpressive sauce and overcooked.
Sea bass:  usually our favorite fish but here it was definitely overcooked, and there is nothing worse than overcooked fish :( Drunken noodles with ribeye:  this dish was requested to be level 12 out of 10 spicy and it came out at just about 5 or 6.
I can tell they don't use cheap ribeye, but once again, this was also overcooked.
The quality of the ribeye must be decent though because it was still semi-tender when cooked well done.
Needless to say, we usually pack any leftovers but we left ours on the table.
I still have high hopes that the cooking may improve and match the restaurant's elegant ambience.

I'm surprised by the mediocre reviews, as I would argue that this is the best Thai in Vegas - easily  on par with Lotus of Siam food-wise, but with a stellar, affordable wine list and inviting ambiance.
Been here 3 times in 2 weeks and will be back again soon.
If you know food and love wine, this is your place.
Don't miss the crab curry...

Love this place.
Hate when new places don't live up to the hype!
Charming spot, great food and service.
Innovative yet intelligent.
Duck curry, crab curry with noodles, beef jerky, all highlights

I thought Chada was outstanding!
There's a lot to like about the menu and I dug the modern atmosphere.
I could've been somewhere on Smith Street in Brooklyn stepping in here.
Our server had some recommendations (maybe since we were taking too long making a decision) and the one we went with was freakin awesome.
The Sen Mee Kang Pou which was a homemade crab curry with thin rice noodle was a slam dunk for both my wife and I.
She said it was one of the best Thai dishes she's ever had and I have to agree.
If everything the waiter recommended was this good then I would have had him pick everything.
We also tried the Miang Pou.
That was a lettuce wrap with crab meat, ginger, roasted coconut, peanut, chili, lime and onion.
Nice starter and I liked how the filling was arranged in the lettuce to where you get the crab and spice at the end of it.
It was kind of like an appetizer money shot if you will.
The final dish was the green curry which I wasn't too into getting.
My wife always wants it but I was sure glad we ended up having it because it was terrific.
The curry had grilled pork, bamboo shoots and eggplant.
The sauce was really good but the pork was cooked perfectly.
It was so tender and tasty that it made the whole dish for me.
That's a protein I never consider for Thai curry but I definitely would now.
Sure they have all the usual items any Thai restaurant does but I don't think that's what you should come here for.
Pad Thai schmad Thai yaaawwwwwn.
Quail eggs, Chilean sea bass, lobster and some of the more creative dishes is what I look forward to trying on future visits.

Love this place.
Food was not the best I have ever had at a Thai place, BUT, this place is cute - with great lighting.
Huge wine selection.
AND very good, friendly staff.
Busy parking lot.
Oh, food was a little bland for Thai.
Would I go back - YES!

"All I can say is Lotus of Siam watch out!
Absolutely my favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas!
The home made curry with crab is simply outstanding.
Great atmosphere (in a dump of a strip mall) excellent service, and a wine selection to rival any others.

Get here before the rest of Vegas finds out!
Yummy food, extensive wine list, cool decor, lovely service!

It truly is a heavenly experience to find delicious food in Las Vegas away from the strip.
We found this restaurant on a random website and it is wonderful!!
We brought a bottle of wine to cork, but I my husband was so thrilled with the wine list that we bought one of theirs.
So many different flavors and tastes.
Amazing service with a very knowledgeable staff.
I would go back again and again!
Take a few friends with you so you can order more dishes to share!
LOVED IT!

What I enjoy from Chada, attentive service, the wine selection.
I appreciate that menu is an interesting, slightly modern take on Thai food.
They also keep their recipes fairly simple.
I've enjoyed most dishes from Chada, clean, clear, good combination of flavors.
Not much to complain for the price, minus chicken wings appetizer being overcooked and with too much sauce for my taste once, everything else is well executed .
I love the simplicity of their desserts, like the sticky rice with mango but I wish they also offered something more elaborated.
Chada has become one of my to go places in the area, in the same mall as another favorite China Mama.
I would definitively recommend to give it a try.

Right off the bat, this place is really modern, hip, and just a very chill restaurant.
I walked in to Chada Thai, and immediately got the vibe that this could be a restaurant in a strip casino: modern decor, a great atmosphere, and house music playing in the background (yeah, this definitely influenced my review!).
I found Chada Thai on Eater.com's top 30 restaurants in Las Vegas, and I decided to give it a try.
Overall, the food wasn't the tastiest or best Thai food I've ever had; nonetheless, it was really delicious.
There was a wide selection of Thai dishes, and they all looked delicious.
Tonight, I ordered fried rice, green curry, and a crispy-beef dish (look at my pictures).
I must say that the quality of the food at Chada Thai was some of the best I've ever had.
You know when you go to Asian restaurants, and you feel like they've given you the worst parts of the chicken or cow?
Well, at Chada Thai, the meat and the vegetables were fresh, crisp, and simply great.
Also, the prices were excellent too.
$8 combination fried rice would normally cost you around $15 at other places.
On thing that I found a little bit strange was the fact that on a Tuesday night around 8:30, my friend and I were the ONLY people in the restaurant; thus, the service was excellent!
I'm pretty sure that this would be a chill and great place if there were other people.
Overall, it's a great restaurant and I will go back.

Where do i begin!
Been here a few times for dinner.
ordered the beef jerky which was great as was the spicy herb spring roll, had the beef penang which was the best I ever had, also had the crispy beef with rice powder which was out of this world.
They are consistent with their dishes which is key in my book.
They actually use tea leaves in their hot tea not some tea bag out of the box!
They also have a giant wine selection as well.
Service was on point and fast.
This place is nice atmosphere, clean, relaxing and intimate.
From the outside you would not know this gem exists.
Definitely a date friendly place.
Forget about trying another Thai restaurant this is the place.
I tried a bunch of them.
Keep up the good work!

This is my absolute favorite Thai place in LV!
Better than Lotus of Siam, Krung, and Archie's, Nittanyas Kitchen.
Everything was fresh, flavorful and a great modern spin on Thai, even though their classic Thai dishes are great too.
Here everything actually has it's own taste, not like some Thai places where everything tastes the same.
The prices are super reasonable for the quality of food.
Service is great.
Extensive wine list.
And I love the fact they are open very late.

It was delicious and they even brought out Thai chilis for me to pop one in my mouth as a dare which was followed by some refreshingly delicious Thai tea!
Loved the raw oyster with the mushroom "caviar"

This place is amazing.
Unique dishes and flavors make it my favorite Thai restaurant in the city.
The oysters are ridiculously good as an appetizer.
The curries are delicious - I like the crab one and also the beef panang is really tender.
I also recommend the whole fish options.
But you can also just ask you waiter to bring out whatever they recommend and you cant go wrong.
Great decor and wine selection to boot.
Will go every time I'm in town!

One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
Right there in the same ballpark as lotus but different specialties.
Excellent wine list and I highly recommend simply asking the waiter to bring what's best for the night.
Amazing oysters

I wasnt too impressed my first visit here... i did however decide to give it another try considering there isnt much option at 2am.
Inhad a friendly waiter who suggested that i should order The DUCK PANANG CURRY... and it is to die for!!
Must try it!!
This place definitely puts Krung Siam to shame..!
I will be back :)

- Friendly and fast service - Quiet, relaxing atmosphere - Nice interior decor  - Food is amazing.
Spicy and sour soup with shrimps and mushrooms was epic; I also got the Panang curry beef, and the beef cut they serve is amazing, it's actually short rib???
Wow man that was awesome.
And cheap!

One of the best Thai restaurants in town.

We had a great experience here yesterday.
This isn't your typical Thai food, as the portions are plated neatly and comparatively small when considering other Thai places.
However, the flavors are fantastic.
We tried the sea bass, duck, and a vegetable dish.
This place would be ideal for larger parties, so you can sample several different dishes.

I'm really happy to see delicious Thai and the wonderful wines that complement it together in one place.
Great Thai, but more impressive is the small wine list of German, Austrian and French white wines that pair so well with the spiciness and complexity of Thai cuisine.
Well done

I am so glad I found this place.
Very cute, small, modern interior with kind servers.
The menu features creative dishes which made it hard to choose just one.
This isn't the type of Thai place where you order crab rangoons and pad see eww.
I ordered the crab curry and I could have easily devoured 3 entrees of it since it was so delicious.
For the quality of the food, I was very impressed on the reasonable prices.
Keep in mind this place is only open from 5pm until 3am.
I will definitely be back!

Simply amazing, from ambiance to service, even a stunning wine list.
I mean the prices they charge is amazing.
Great wines that won't break the bank.
I am still getting used to the small plate Thai concept, but after eating here I am convinced this is a top restaurant in Las Vegas.

My goodness.
One of the best Thai meals I've ever had.
Came here with a large group, so we were able to order a ton of dishes and sample everything.
Let's see if I can remember (with some help from the online menu) what we ordered...  Pad Hed (mushrooms with brussels sprouts) Som Thum (papaya salad) Pork Larb Por Pia Tod (veggie egg roll) Spicy Herbs Spring Roll Moo Hong (pork belly) Pou Nim Pad Prik Thai (stir-fried soft-shelled crab with soy sauce, garlic, etc.
) Spicy Duck Rice Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles) Seabass Tod Krueng (seabass with chili paste) Yum Nua (rib-eye over salad)  I may have forgotten a dish or two.
Everything was out-of-this-world delicious.
We ordered everything spicy, where applicable, and it was spicy!
Interestingly enough, one of the best dishes was a non-spicy dish: the Pad Hed (mushrooms with brussels sprouts).
That's a must-order dish.
I was also a big fan of the papaya salad and drunken noodles.
I've had both dishes at many Thai restaurants, and I thought they were exceptional at Chada.
I definitely want to return the next time I'm in Vegas.

Great food, inexpensive, great service, and atmosphere.
Had the CRAB CURRY- delicious!
FRESH SPRING ROLLS were tasty, also had the PORK BELLY which was really, really, good!
I read a lot of reviews that said this place was better than other local spots like Archis or Lotus of Siam and while it was definitely a great eat, it IS NOT BETTER THAN ARCHIS or LOTUS, no way!
Mainly, the proportions were smaller, sadly my bowl of curry was lacking, it didn't make sense for them to provide a side of rice noodles and bowl of rice w/a small bowl of curry.
I noticed this in other plates that were served.
I really enjoyed the ambiance of this place tho, very elegant , and relaxing, not cramped or loud.
My server was knowledgable about the menu and helped me and friends w/questions and recommendations.
I will definitely return to this great little spot.

Came here on a warm Wednesday evening after a function at one of the restaurants inside Crystals.
Only one of us in the party had dined here previously, and she was not too impressed at that time (but wanted to give them a second chance).
The restaurant interior was low key but modern, with one of the walls proudly displaying part of their wine collection and another wall decorated with framed fine wine labels.
Pretty classy impression on a moderate interior decorating budget.
The service was good.
I was parched but my glass of water was refilled frequently without having to ask the wait staff to do.
After looking over the menu for what felt like 1/4 of eternity, we finally picked out three items to try for our dinner.
My favorite is probably the Pad Hed - Shitake and Shimeji Mushroom Stir Fried with Brussels Sprouts and Lotus Root.
Excellent!
And it was the first item to disappeared from our table.
We also tried the Panang Curry - Slow cook Beef in Panang Curry.
The beef was tender and has good flavor.
Overall, a decent dish but nothing that will screams "You must tell everyone to order this!".
Last but not least, Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodle) - Flat Rice Noodles, Bird Eye Chili, Garlic and Basil and Ground Pork.
Decent but still wish the portion was larger.
Taste: (3.5/5)  I think the key is finding their better menu items.
Price/Value:  (3/5)  Average price, but portion on the smaller side.
Service:  (4/5)  Did a good job.
~3.5 stars.
But I think we have to do a better job of finding better items to order for our future visits.

Chada takes Thai cuisine to a new fresh and innovative level.
Each and every bite is filled with a burst of flavors.
Must try the lettuce wraps, crispy duck and salmon panang.
Great food and great prices.

Great service and food.
They have a large selection of authentic Thai choices, as well as items with a contemporary twist.
Although I agree with others that the portions are on the smaller side, it's not like we really need to be eating all we can eat to begin with.
The waiter suggested we try three different appetizers and they were all spot on.
The service was great and we never had to ask for anything as it was always offered to us beforehand.
I would definitely come here again.

Not imperial Thai or even Americanized Thai.
It's Swanky Thai, keeping the traditional flavors but replacing the primary ingredients with upend versions.
It doesn't work.
A Chilean sea bass is destroyed.
It's subtle oily flavor hammered by a fiery chili paste.
Marinated Cornish hens with garlic so overpowering that only it's shape and mouth feel let you know what is.
Just the opposite, using rib steak in the drunken noodles robs the dish of the beefy flavor and  sinewy, fatty texture that a humble cut of beef would bring.
Thankfully there are more traditional dishes that really shine.
The Pla Tod Yum Ta Krai (fried whole tilapia with lemongrass salad, dried shrimp and cashew nuts) is excellent.
The flesh of the fish, overcooked and rubbery near the skin just as it should be.
The slight muddy flavor enhanced by the dried shrimp, perfumed by lemongrass and brightened by a lime, chili, and fish sauce drizzle.
Lo-Ba (braised then fried pig ear, tongue, and heart served with fresh cucumber and "sauce") sounds disgusting.
It's well worth the try.
Trust.
Too adventurous, the Moo Hong (Braised pork belly with black soy, palm sugar, and black pepper) or the Pou nim pad prik Thai (fried soft shell crab with soy, garlic, black pepper and green onion) both make for good eats.
Large wine list with useless "bragging rights" labels.
Good selection of Rieslings.
Inexpensive.
Efficient service.
Small plates meant to be sampled and shared.
Reasonably priced, considering.
Navigate carefully for a great meal.

When I knew that my next Vegas trip was going to be with the No1DP, I wanted to introduce him to eating off-Strip.
Vegas is considered a foodie destination city but according to foodie sites like Vegas Eater a lot of the gems aren't on the Strip.
No1DP obliged, knowing that there was going to be a cab ride to and from the hotel.
CONCEPT: The restaurant of chef/sommelier Bank Atcharawan "the Riesling dude" (formerly of Lotus of Siam - helped develop the wine list there with focus on Rieslings), who won one of the "Sommeliers of the Year 2013" from Food and Wine.
While Lotus of Siam's focus is on northern Thai cuisine, Chada Thai is focused on southern Thai cuisine, a region unexplored by many Thai restaurants.
Bon Appetit also listed this under its top 50 new restaurants.
CAB FARE: ~$13 from the Palazzo.
VENUE: Like most Vegas off-strip restaurants, especially in Chinatown, it's located in a nondescript strip mall.
The cab almost missed the restaurant as we approached the area where we thought the restaurant was and I had to look through the door to confirm that this was the restaurant.
The inside has a minimalist look.
Picture frames were along the wall where I sat.
The main focus was on the large wine racks in the wall closest to the entrance to the kitchen.
No1DP notes that the main focus would be more on the wine list and food.
For a Friday night at 9:30 there were only several groups dining in.
SERVICE: Good service, considering they only came by when they thought they were needed and left us alone most of the night.
They also made good menu recommendations.
While we were eating they also told us that 15 minutes prior to leaving they can call and arrange a cab to pick us up as they noticed that we arrived here via cab.
WINES No1DP: Reuscher-Haart Piesporter Riesling, Mosel, Germany (Riesling, $8).
A crisp and slightly sweet Riesling.
I normally don't like whites but his wine was better than mine and I seriously considered sharing another glass with him.
Me: Bouchard Pere & Fils Bourgogne Pinot Noir, Burgundy, France (Pinot Noir, $8) Light and earthy and made a good sipping red.
FOOD: No1DP and I decided to go a la carte.
Som Thum Goong Pao ($11) - Green papaya salad topped with grilled prawn.
Papayas were crunchy, sweet yet slightly tart.
Shrimps were grilled just right and had a slight crunch.
Yum Kai Nok Kata ($6) - Fried Quail eggs, topped with dry shrimp, cilantro, onion.
Spicy lime dressing.
Egg was a mixture between poached and over easy.
Yolk melted in mouth yet did not leave a mess on the plate.
Dried shrimps definitely added a sweet and spicy kick.
Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodle) with Lobster Tail ($21) - Flat rice noodles, hot chili, garlic and basil.
Lobster was separated so that the dish can easily be shared.
Lobster texture suggests it was cooked just right.
More notably the noodles did not have a heavy taste, which meant that it wasn't cooked with TOO much oil.
Seabass Tod Krueng ($19) - Pan fried Chilean seabass glazed with chili paste.
Fish texture was SOFT and could be separated with a fork.
The chili paste gave the fish a kick.
No1DP notes that unlike cheap spices, where the spice is sharp and dissipates quickly the spice kick just lingers in your mouth a minute.
Right amount of ginger.
Most notably about these particular dishes was that sub-par Thai dishes have a very heavy feeling after you eat them.
That was not the case with this restaurant and every dish we had was still quite light.
This was a pleasant surprise as we wanted to have room for 3-course dessert afterwards.
Definitely will be back to try out more dishes and to have a crack at Bank's Riesling collection.

I actually got sick from eating a raw oyster here once, yet I still give this place 5 stars!
Truly amazing Thai food.
The first time I came here it was with a large group so we tried nearly everything on the menu.
Everything was spectacular.
I came here again with some friends.
I got the eggplant and shrimp with chile-lime dressing.
I thought it would be more like a stir-fry dish but they were neat little bites an not a heavy sauce.
It was really yummy but a little more on the appetizer side than entree.
My friend had the green curry and it was a perfect balance of flavor and spice and not overpowering coconut milk like usual.
We also had the mushrooms and brussle sprout appetizers.
In a random strip mall but inside is swanky and dim lighting.
Everything was so delicious I can't wait to go back again.

Items selected:  Bouchard Pere & Fils Reserve Bourgogne Pinot Noir Willi Schaefer 2011 Graacher Domprobst Riesling KAI TOD - Fried marinated-Cornish hen with garlic YUM KAI NOK KATA - Fried Quail eggs, topped with dry shrimp, cilantro, onion.
Spicy lime dressing TOM YUM KOONG - Spicy and sour lemongrass soup with shrimp and mushroom SPICY DUCK RICE - Fried rice with roasted duck meat, green onion, chili paste and fish sauce CHU CHEE LOBSTER TAIL - Served with Chu-chee curry of Kaffir Lime and Cilantro DUCK PANANG - roasted duck with panang sauce and Kaffir lime leaf CENTURY EGG BASIL - Preserved egg with basil and chili KANG KUA KADUK MOO - Braised pork rib stir fried with chili paste, turmeric, peppercorn and Kaffir lime leaf THAI SUNDAE - Peanuts, Coconut Ice Cream, Condensed Milk, Coffee Jello, Lychee  Owned and operated by Bank Atcharawan, local king of Riesling and former sommelier at Lotus of Siam, Chada Thai and Wine had been on my 'must visit' list for some time but without a car during many previous visits to Las Vegas and largely without friends or family interested in the cuisine it was with good fortune that I finally found myself seated at a large table with five new friends on a Saturday night in early November for a two hour meal that would prove my best experience with Thai food to date.
Dark and moody, almost romantic aside from the unexpected modern pop soundtrack, and decidedly more intimate than LoS as soon as one walks through the doors it would be mere moments after seating that we were greeted by our server and told of a few daily specials the laborious process of trimming our order from "I'll take the lot" to something more reasonable began - the end result ten plates of food including a double order of the truly remarkable century egg, a dish certainly amongst the ten best I've enjoyed in 2013.
Served in waves as we worked through two bottles of wine including a lightly sweet Riesling that proved an ample compliment to both heat and acid it was so frequent that someone at the table would proclaim their love for a dish that to describe them all would prove redundant, a simpler suggestion as relates to my palate being to order everything you can that features an egg or bird while disregarding any preconceptions you have about 'heat,' instead preparing your palate for complexity and balance.

As I continued to hear buzz in local magazines about this place (for it has gotten some good write ups on the Vegas radar), my husband and I finally stopped in and I now understand what the buzz is all about.
The place is small, intimate and simple.
Our waitress was lovely and quick to serve us.
Although they have many wines, only about 5 of those are by the glass, but a worthy bottle selection.
The 5 options by the glass are just OK.   We had fried oysters, drunken noodles, curry and sticky rice.
Fried oysters were beautifully presented and curry was quite delicious.
All and all, really spectacular and we will be back!

FANTASTIC Thai food.
Chada has a massive menu with some seriously good dishes at incredibly reasonable prices.
Our server recommended four dishes, we ordered them all, I regret nothing.
Crispy beef (Moo Kham Whan) was mouth-wateringly flavorful, super crispy and fresh.
Heavily seasoned with cilantro, lime, mint, chili and red onion.
Crab curry--takes like ocean-flavored red curry.
And with little nests of vermicelli noodles, it's a must-try.
Grilled pork with spicy chili sauce (Pla Nua Tod) and the sauteed mushrooms with brussels sprouts (Pad Hed) were also very good.
I really can't recommend this place enough.

The best (contemporary) thai restaurant in town.
Food and service are both very good while the wine list is outstanding.
Very reasonably priced, too.

Bon Apetit and Food & wine are right, this place is fantastic.
Incredible brother duo of chef and sommelier create wonderful Thai and wine combos.
I highly recommend the drunken noodles and duck entree and sautéed mushroom appetizer.
It's off the beaten path but worth the trip.

Chada Thai has been me and my husband's most favorite place in town for the last couple of months since we discovered this place.
First, I love the atomospher of the restaurant.
Good size, nice decorations and never be super crowded and loud so you can enjoy being there and having conversation with your friends, partners or whoever you are with.
Good thing about here is I think you can come here for any pursose.
While there are many couples, I also saw some people having business dinner on weekdays.
The quality of food is absolutely fantastic!
My favorite is PAD KRA-POW, YUM WOON SEN SEAFOOD and home made beef jerky.
They are all amazing and I can eat this everyday.
However, you have to be a little careful about choosing how spicy you want.
I usually get between 5 to 7 out of 10 at Thai restaurants and when we first went there, I ordered "medium".
Oh my got the food was very very spicy!
I had probably 10 glasses of water until I finish my food but it was still good.
When I asked the waiter if it was really medium, he said it was and he cannot eat medium too because it is too spicy.
They have nice selections of wine too.
I hear the owner of the restaurant used to be a　sommelier at Lotus of Siam, another favorite restaurant of us in Downtown who also have so many kinds of wine.
Unfortunatelly I have not tried their desserts yet because we always end up feeling like having shaved ice nearby (Kuma!!
) on the way home.
Lol

Chada Thai, like Nittaya's Secret Kitchen, is something I consider a good date spot but not very good for the casual "I want Thai food today," lunch plan.
Why?
The positives: the interior is definitely on the hip and modern side.
It is dark and mysterious.
Did I just say mysterious?
Anyway, point is it just doesn't feel run-of-the-mill, low-budget Chinatown.
Service is frequent enough and friendly without being intrusive.
The food is generally tasty, well-made, and fresh.
It just has that "spend some time here" appeal.
On the subject of food... the tom kha kai was delicious.
Just as it should be.
Intensely flavorful, lots of meat, served hot.
Their crab-on-lettuce appetizer was tasty and came with a little sauce to pour over it all.
The panang curry, as I mentioned, was served with tender chunks of stewed beef in a thick and intense curry.
On the downside: the prices are rather high, especially considering portions are about 1/3 the norm.
That's a huge negative for me, regardless of how good the tender beef chunks in the panang curry are.
Everyting is just tiny.
It's actually hard to get over because you just paid extravagantly for it.
Chada guys, if you're listening... please, consider bumping your value.
Overall, it's a fine restaurant that needs to remember it is not on the strip.
It isn't acceptable to serve Thai food at essentially triple the price per portion, no matter how good it is.
I mean, if it was overflowing in there I'd understand.
But it's dead empty.

The place rocked , excellent service and menu and great wine list , the best part was when I got the bill how affordable it was for such a classy establishment , with a great ambiance

Chada Thai and Wine has taken my top thai restaurant spot in Las Vegas.
Friendly and attentive service, nice interior design and the food is inventive and flavorful - takes classic thai dishes and adds a unique and artisanal quality to them.
Great wine, beer and sake options as well.

Exceptional food.
Best Thai I have ever eaten.
My husband is threatening to go to sleep on the bench so he can eat here tomorrow.

The most amazing Thai food I have ever had.
I am going to make a trip back to Vegas so I can eat here again.

Great place to go after work.
The food is fast and reasonably priced.
They also have a great house plum wine!

Excellent!
My friends and I enjoy trying new restaurants every time we come to Vegas.
Upon cross referencing some "Best Of" lists Chada Thai & Wine kept popping up.
This is a tiny strip mall restaurant in Chinatown...definitely call for reservations because seating is limited.
The food was excellent...a real explosion of flavors in every dish.
Service was great too...our waiter was very attentive and made some great recommendations.
He explained every dish in detail and knew when to warn us of things that were too spicy.
Definitely try the Miang Pou lettuce wrap (spicy crab) and the spicy herb spring rolls for an appetizer.
Presentation was nice on both, and good portions too.
For entrees we shared the crispy Duck Panang, Sea bass Tod Krueng, and Moo Khum Waan pork w/ Chinese broccoli.
All were terrific, but the duck was the best, hands down..best I've ever had.
If you're looking for a great dining experience off the strip, definitely give Chada Thai & Wine consideration.
Food is excellent, with the detail and presentation of a much more expensive casino restaurant.
There's not a dish over $20.
This place is small; the picture on their website shows the entire dining room.
Don't shy away at first sight, the decor inside is very nice.
My only negative comment is that we were asked to move to another table mid-meal in order to accommodate a large group, but we were happy to do so because the food and staff was so incredible.

Driving around pissed & looking for good spicy thai for my sick wife...
Came by chada & very surprised!
Tiny, cool, cozy place... Only had to wait 10 mins cause no res.... Tom kah kai was what baby wanted xxx hot!
Da bomb!!!
Dont miss the fried quail egg app & beef salad!
Spicy beyond belief!
Saw stars!
Finished with crispy duck panang.... Scrumptious!
Great hidden gem o' a place... Service was superb & very friendly.... Also huge wine selection..... Only bad part was parking here.... Lots of asian stores in this small shopping center so get ready to circle round for a spot....
Still an awesome experience & will b back!

My husband and I always have a date night on Thursday nights.
Last night we spent the entire evening in Chinatown, consisting of a Foot Spa, dinner and karaoke.
Dinner was the absolute highlight of the evening.
Chada Thai is the real deal.
The menu is delicious.
We had the crab lettuce wraps, shrimp satay & mushrooms/brussel sprouts for appetizers.
Then for the main course, we shared the soft tofu drunken noodles and sea bass entree.
The meal was taken to the next level by an amazing bottle of wine, an amazing Cab Franc from France.
Service was fantastic.
The staff is proud and passionate about your experience.
We will definitely be back!

Chada is a unique experience.
The dining room is dimly lit and beautifully decorated, there is a very nice atmosphere here.
The service is excellent, some of the best I have experienced anywhere in Vegas.
The food is all across the board.
Some dishes seem like chaotic mismatched Dr. Sues food, such as the crab lettuce wraps.
Way too many ingredients other than crab in these, impossible to taste the crab or even to feel it's texture.
Toasted coconut, raw onions, raw ginger and peanuts completely overpower.
Any crab that might be in there is lost.
A lot going on but no harmony.
The spicy herb spring roll is similarly complicated, but this one actually works and is delicious.
It's filled with ground pork, ginger, onion, lemongrass, mint, kaffir lime leaf and Thai basil.
Serious fresh herb overload, in a good way.
Other dishes are refined and elevated Thai classics.
The drunken noodles with beef is a fantastic dish.
Noodles are near-perfect al dente, wok fired and drenched in a rich smoky sauce that works beautifully with the beef.
Mango and sticky rice dessert comes with delicious dairy free coconut milk ice cream, topped with traditional crispy roasted mung beans.
Portion sizes here are small, don't expect a lot of food with any of the dishes.
It's like Thai tapas.
A fun place to come with a group when you want to sample a variety of flavors.
There's something for every palate.
The wine list is extensive.
Servers are knowledgeable and accommodating,  One of the few high quality late night options off the strip, open until 3am.

Fantastic, a real great find by chance.
Other places where closed and just happened to spot this one.
I love the simple funky decor.
The food was outstanding.
The service was outstanding.
Pretty nice wine list.
I love it.

Great service  Lobster drunken noodles -five stars  Crab Curry- wow!
Most amazing Thai dish I've ever had!
Wine selection was great and fairly priced!
Can't wait to go back!

Probably my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
Great food - I can't say enough about it- and a fantastic wine list all reasonably priced.
Seriously two people can have dinner here for less than 2 or 3 drinks on the Strip and yet the food and wine are better than anything to be found on the Strip.
Seriously, it is that good.

From the looks of Chada Thai, it is quite deceiving when you drive in to the shopping center.
The sign outside is simple and masking what you'll find once you open the door.
One would not know that this restaurant was nominated as "Top 50 Best New Restaurants" by Bon Appetite magazine.
Read nomination:  http://www.bonappetit.com/restaurants-travel/best-new-restaurants/article/to-50-new-restaurants-chada-thai-wine  Once you walk in, you are are taken with the atmosphere one would find at a luxury, trendy boutique hotel such as SLS Hotel.
The red chandelier, the dim lighting, the framed wine labels, and an extensive wine list, I can imagine this restaurant in a trendy hotel such as Cosmopolitan on the strip or somewhere in NYC.
What you can expect here is a wine list curated by their owner/sommelier.
As flip through the pages,  you might be overwhelmed by their selection of wine, especially Rieslings which perfectly perfectly with Thai cuisine.
Their Riesling selection by the glass was the best I have ever tasted -- light, sweet which compliments the flavors of the dishes.
The plates are smaller (tapas style) than usual, so I suggest sampling many dishes to share with your table.
Everything we dined on was unique and dishes I've never tried before.
Recommended dishes:  Duck panang  Pad Kee Mao Sen Mee Kang Pou Moo Hong  Riesling:  Reuscher-Haart '10  The best Thai food dining experience I have ever had!
Truly an amazing culinary experience.
The best Las Vegas dining experiences are off the strip someone told me.

Great for date nights, or just hanging out with friends, Chada Thai has become one of my favorite spots in town.
The space is cozy and intimate, with lighting that's dim but still bright enough so you can see your food and music that provides enough ambient noise to entertain without forcing you to raise your voice to carry a conversation.
If you're a fan of Brussels sprouts, the Pad Hed ($8) is a must try.
The silky smooth quality of the sauce had hints of sweetness that enhanced the savoriness of the mushrooms, lotus root and Brussels sprouts.
A challenger for best dish at Chada Thai (at least from the ones I've tried) is the Moo Hong ($8).
Tender cubes of pork were covered in a thick, subtley sweet and acidic sauce.
I have no idea how they develop these flavors, but they're unlike anything I've had in town.
Wanting more heat, we tried the Nua nam tok ($12) -- charbroiled rib eye with rice powder, onion, cilantro, chili powder, fish sauce, and lime juice.
Even ordering it as a mildly spicy dish it still produced a good bit of heat.
The kind of heat that lingered in my mouth and lips and made my nose run.
On the more mild side, the Mussamun curry ($9) impressed with its depth and complexity.
The pork in the Kana moo krob ($9) was reminiscent of the dish Lechon with it's crispy and crackly exterior, while the drunken noodles, chicken, and sauce in the Pad kee mao ($9) was perfectly balanced.
With dishes that will please those that love heat and those wanting a milder experience of Thai food, Chada delivers the best of both worlds in a spot perfect for locals and worth the drive as a dining destination for tourists.

Hands down the best Thai I ever had...we split a ton of dishes that were all excellent but the crispy beef is the one I can't forget about...it's calling me back and it will be soon.
We washed it down with a stellar Riesling and still managed to walk out for under $50 a couple.
Outstanding!

Delicious, reasonable prices, cool decor, great wine list & stays open late.
Highly recommend.

Food was tasty and atmosphere was nice.
However we received our food 25 minutes after ordering which is average except that there were orders after us that came sooner than ours.
The guy next to me got three dishes and a bottle of wine before me and he was sitting in his booth for ten minutes.
I don't think fried spring rolls takes 25 minutes especially when they are pre made and the restaurant only had three other tables.
My noodle dish was not only salty but contained very little noodles.
I ordered additional rice to supplement the saltiness.
3 stars for the curry.

Ahhhhhhhhhh-mazing!
My husband and I were driving around and decided to stop by this small Thai restaurant, since it was late and they close at 3am.
We walked in and it's a small,nice place... We ordered and the service was great, but the food .. Out of this world!
BY FAR, the beat Thai food in town.
There wasn't a thing I wouldn't recommend; from their hot jasmine tea- to their lettuce wraps.
Delicious!
I'm hungry again, just writing about it!
Also, great place for date night!

Three of us went (2 first timers) had the Dark Porter Beer and a bottle Of Hexamer Riesling, Oysters, Lettuce wraps, Green Papaya Salad, Coconut Curry Duck, Seabass along with some other dishes and a mango dessert that was all perfect.
We let the server choose and it was trust well placed.
Incredible spot.
Easy to recommend.
The place smelled great, lighting was just right, service timing could not have been better.
Spotless bathroom and super easy parking, no wait for the table.
Off-the-chart good.
Best Thai food in town, best strip mall restaurant in town (sorry Lotus) by a long shot Open late.
Worth driving out of your way to get to

Great food and great service!
The only downfall is that their menu isn't huge, but with the quality of the food it really doesn't matter.
I get a curry every time (the Masaman is my favorite!
) but everything is great.
They also have a great selection of wine and they are vegetarian friendly.

Absolutely without a shadow of doubt the most incredible Thai food I have ever had.
Hubby, bro and sis agreed.
Appetizers we can vouch for: Pad Hed, Miang pou lettuce wraps and Nua nam tok.
Felt bad for ordering Pad Thai because come on, you can get that everywhere and they have so many unique dishes, but I think I just found out what pad Thai is supposed to taste like.
More savory, less sugary, little slice of lime.
Oooo food coma comin on.

After an hour of waiting I received a water and a menu.
Recommended to me so I drove across town 25 minutes to try it out.
Checked in at 9:15pm and was told 30 -40 minutes, bc of the rec I waited it out.
Finally was sat at 10 pm.
By 10:15 still hadn't put in a order or talked to.
I should mention there was a large party in the room, 15+ people but, how can you run the most raved about Thai Restaraunt in Vegas China town and be understaffed?
On more of a positive note.
The food was prepared with perfection.
The dishes are not to big and great for sharing.
You can sample a lot of variety with 3-4 people.
The pad hed was a memorable dish.
The place is modern and clean.
To sum it up, if you walk in and there is a large party 10+ come another night.
It is worth coming back for.
Unfortunately I hit it on a night with a large party and 2 servers.
No busser.
Wish the service could have matched the cuisine.
Additionally, I do not blame the service staff, it is simply an issue of management adding a server or busser to the equation.
I think the winning edge here is take out.
Come when it's ready and your taste buds will be rewarded with immaculate flavors.

This is the real deal: a gift to the Vegas food scene.
Chada is a restaurant that cares deeply about each dish, each diner, each evening, each experience, each moment.
It's a restaurant that understands the word "soupcon"..... Those are the qualities of an artist, and Bank (the owner) is an artist.
His wine list is blisteringly sophisticated and well-priced; a testament to how much the wholesale wine world loves him from his days at Lotus.
The food is positively poetic: delicate, thoughtful, harmonic, ethereal.
Yes, it's Thai food, but nothing that you've ever ever had.
If Thai food was a person, and it went on a walkabout with an angel of the universe, Chada's food would be the result.

Legit, Thai food.
I had the tom kah and the larb ground pork.
Both tasted good, with a good size portion, and a good price.
My only complaint is that they are under staffed so I deducted 1 star, otherwise everything was great!

This place is awesome!
In fact the check for the place is sitting in frobt of me right now as I write this review; I couldn't even wait to get home.
To begin with, the atmosphere is incredible.
The colors and lighting are soft, warm, and romantic.
The food is equally excellent.
I ordered a green curry and it was the best I've had.
Also, our wine, which our waiter helped us choose, was unbelievable.
The service was perfect.
Bon, our waiter was friendly and helpful without being overly intrusive.
He seemed to genuinely care about making this the the best experience possible.
I will come back.

Like others have mentioned- this is a bit of a spin-off of Lotus of Siam.
The owner/ proprietor, Bangk, was the mastermind behind that now-venerable institution's amazing Riesling list, a perfect complement to the bold and complex flavors of Thai cuisine....  On to Chada- the space is not just updated, but far more refined than Lotus.
It's not by any stretch capacious, but it is comfortable.
That being said, the reason this place doesn't get five stars from me is strictly due to the lack of a bar/ counter space.
The food is easily on-par, if not above, it's protege's.
If you love the food at Lotus, you're going to love the food at Chada, possibly even more.
Service is more attentive,and the atmosphere is updated and comfortable- no lunch buffet steam-tables or faux-patio lattice work indoors.
Bangk has a passion that translates to guest experience- the alchemical golden equation of the restaurant business and experience.
If you feel Lotus has lost it's soul (and I'm NOT with you there), this is the place you might find the part of you was longing for....

Fantastic food, fantastic service, and options to branch out or just enjoy a classic pad Thai dish.
We got two orders of pad Thai, 2 appetizers, and two glasses of wine for $50 - so don't let the outside fool you when driving by :)

Was here about midnite last Wed, I think.
- Had a coupla meat dishes (think the intestines appetizer and the beef tongue entree), it was good.
- The service was excellent and the place is nice, but unfortunately I was at a table abutting the south wall so I could hear the loud music from the Karaoke bar next door.
- I didn't order wine since I'm not a vino connoisseur, perhaps that's the difference between good food and great food at Chada.
- Also a bit pricey for the serving sizes, probably a matter of paying up for the ambience.

My hubby and I came here the other night for date night.
It is in a small strip mall and honestly looks like a complete hole in the wall from the outside, but once you go in, it's a totally different world.
The ambience is very romantic, everything is done in dark reds and they have their large wine selection on display beautifully.
We don't drink, but we did eat and the food was incredible!!!!!!
I suggest the homemade crab curry with glass noodles, it was divine!
Very hot, just the way I like it.
For dessert we had the sticky rice/mango dish and it was melt in the mouth amazing!
Couldn't recommend this place highly enough!

I love this place!
It's a diamond in the rough.
Everything I've ever ordered is good!
The prices and the wine are reasonable.
I come here at least 2 times a week with friends and always suggest it to everyone!
My favs to eat are  Beef jerky  Raw oysters Drunken noodle Pad se eww The glass noodles with seafood...forget what it's called  And good red wine ...turley  Sometimes service is a little slow but the food is always delicious!

This place is very small , but the food was amazing.
I had the slow cooked panang curry, and it was probably the best curry I have ever had.
You must try this place

Very good thai food.
It tastes homemade.
Spicy is appropriately spicy.
The server told me a husband and wife own it and have combined family recipes to come up with their menu.

FOOD POISONING OR THE NOROVIRUS SERVED DAILY???
If you would like to spend two days on the toilet, barfing into your trash can, then Chada Thai just might be your kind of place.
My GF and I had this very unpleasant experience recently, as well as missing two days of work , which cost us over $600 each.
I called Chada Thai when I recovered and asked to speak with the owner but  he was "not available" and neither was the manager.
I explained what had happened and left a contact #.
The owner never called, probably too self-important to deal with a situation involving violently ill customers.
The manager, Bon called about 4 days later.
I explained what had happened and asked if anyone else had become ill after eating there; he said "no" but he would start an investigation.
Can't say I really believed him but...  Bon called me back about 3 days later and said that their investigation turned up nothing (Yeah right, what a surprise) and they were turning this over to their insurance carrier who would contact me within 48 hours.
2 weeks later I received a message from Mario at State Farm.
I returned his call and explained when and what had happened and that we were 99.99% sure the dish that caused our illness was the CRISPY PORK BELLY WITH CHINESE BROCCOLI.
He did not seem Interested at all.
Mario did have a lot of questions for me like; DOB and Social Security # but nothing about our illness or what had happened.
I asked where this was headed and he said they had to file a report with the government.
I asked what happens after that and is this a big waste of my time for no reason?
He was very candid, NOTHING!
Of course he didn't say that, more like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah but NOTHING was the gist of the conversation.
We had eaten there before and enjoyed the food but I would be scared to death to ever eat there again.
I don't trust their sanitation and I was surprised how little the management at Chada Thai cares about their customers.
If Diarrhea, Nausea, and Vomiting are your idea of a good time then by all means dine at Chada Thai.

This place is amazing!!
From the food, customer service, music and wine/champagne selection.
Truly a hidden jewel.
My boyfriend took me here for one of our first few dates and I fell in love.
We have been here several times now and each time has been just as great as the last.
Our waiters are always very attentive and friendly.
The duck panang is so delicious!!
And the chicken curry!

I would eat here regularly if I lived in Vegas -- delicious, fresh twist on Thai in an intimate, modern space.
(Clean restroom is a big plus for me, too.

What a surprise!
Came here from a recommendation by a friend, and it lived up to it's rep.
It's got a nice, trendy, modern sort of atmosphere, and combined with tasty Thai fusion (I don't know if I'd call it 100% traditional) - it's a definite hit!
We'll be back again

We came here because Lotus of Siam was way too busy.
From the outside, it looks like a hole in the wall Asian restaurant, but the inside surprises me in a good way.
The service was excellent.
However, the food was o.k.
I have had better.
And the part that bothers me the most about this place is the portion size for the price.
Just beware that you may not feel full unless you order more than you would normally at other Thai restaurants!

