Great for tourist, not so great for gun enthusiast.
I was visiting Las Vegas with family and decided to check out this range.
I was too lazy to drive to the desert and find free shooting land.
The place is new and VERY nice.
The facilities are large and well lit.
The staff is very friendly.
The selection is amazing.
They even have a cafe!
My first impression was WOW!!!!!
Now this is where my griping comes in.....
I know how to shoot.
I am an instructor, in civilian and law enforcement firearms.
With about a dozen instructor certifications and professional affiliations.
They have a range officer in each of the little rooms to keep an eye on everyone.
You cannot move guns between stalls or keep gun cases at the bench.
A bunch of petty safety rules catering to the tourist and foreigners that have never been within a mile of a gun.
I understand why they do this but it's really irritating to have people starting at you while you shoot... and walking back and forth to change out guns.
Price... HIGH.
I shoot at home quite often and at most pay $12.00 in the California Bay Area.
As a member I pay $7.00 at my local range, non members are $14.00 and  I think that's astronomical.
So when we checked in and had to sign a million liability waivers (another first for me) and the guy said $26.00 (range and targets) I handed him my credit card and thought that was it.
NOPE.
That was just for me.
$20.00 just to shoot.....  Way over priced.
I should have just driven to the damn desert...........
Lesson learned.
Overall it's a nice place.
Great selection and staff.
If you are a foreign tourist looking for that shooting experience or want to try out a fully automatic firearm this is your place.
If you are a local or an experienced shooter try some where else.

For Las Vegas locals, it doesn't get any better.
Free range time during their 'Happy Hour', otherwise it's still just $5 for locals.
Unlike most other ranges I've been to, I actually found The Range 702 to be a place I wouldn't mind spending a few hours in.
It is well-lit, has strong air-conditioning/ventilation, is spacious, clean and new.
It's in a big building with lots of space, friendly staff, a large selection of rentals and plenty of parking.
Although I hesitate to use their cafe, retail section or computer simulation range right away, it's nice to see they offer things most other ranges don't.
I understand that for firearm owners who know what they're doing, having an instructor go over basic range safety rules is a pain.
But c'mon, they're doing it not only because of all the tourists, but also the idiots who come in with a friend or family member who have no idea what they're doing.
And dare I say, also for all the gun owners who don't give a damn about firearm safety.
I didn't mind; it was 2 minutes of the guy going over their rules, then he left me alone to practice on my lane.
I don't know about you, but when it comes to gun safety, I ALWAYS error on the side of caution, even if it's a pain in the butt.
If they keep their Vegas locals pricing, I'll definitely keep coming back.

Warning: Unless you are a tourist looking to just put rounds down the range, steer clear of this place!
Also they are not military friendly at all.
If you are a service member looking to purchase, prepare to be drug through the mud and eventually be turned away because these guys do not know gun laws pertaining to military sales.
My story began when my husband decided that he wanted to purchase our family a rifle.
We went to a couple of stores and eventually ended up at The Range.
Turns out they had the exact model we were interested in.
We decided to buy from them because they seemed nice at the time and this would prevent us from having to order one or pay a transfer fee.
The nightmare began at the beginning of the paperwork.
We had some questions regarding some of the items as we are a military family.
We have bought weapons before from various other gun stores in the area but have always been advised as to how to fill out the portions affected by our military status.
We made sure they knew our situation and asked questions regarding the paperwork.
Our clerk asked the GM twice for help on the paperwork then she assured us we were right in the manner it was filled out.
Turns out they were wrong.
They had informed us incorrectly and therefore the sale could not go through.
We were very upset and started to provide solutions on how we could fix this.
They did not want to hear it and just kept reiterating that they would not sell to us and that it wasn't their fault, even though it was their mistake and their mishandling.
The clerk then informed us that we would have to pay the $25 processing fee.
Um no.
So we asked for the GM.
He came out and immediately started interrupting my husband as he was trying to explain where the issue was.
The GM during the course of the conversation said that he did not expect his employees to know any gun laws or how to handle gun sale forms or military sales.
He also said that it was our responsibility as the customer to know how to fill out all paperwork and laws and that they could not help with the form what so ever.
We found this odd as, again, we have bought before and had other stores help us with the paperwork.
We brought this up and were shot down.
I will say this, the GM did agree to eat the $25 for us and we did not end up having to pay.
So that is to their credit.
We left their store very angry and upset.
We ended up winding our way down the road to Guns and Ammo Garage.
We immediately were greeted with smiles and the clerks there remembered us from our last transaction with them.
We talked to them about the paperwork and what had happened over at The Range and they confirmed that we could be sold to (obviously) and that everything that was said in regards to paperwork was incorrect.
Moral of the story: avoid The Range like the plague and head to a gun store that actually knows what they are doing.
Update: Two days later we purchased a firearm from a gun store in town with no problems.
The process, from the time we walked in to the time we left, took less than 15 minutes.
Further proof that if you intend to buy, forgo The Range and go somewhere reputable that actually knows how sell to guns.

Being my first time at this range, I called ahead to get pricing and was told locals are $5 per hour.
Upon arriving, I was told that the $5 price was for LAST month and was charged $10.88 for range time.
This wasn't a good start.
Not that I wasnt willing to pay the price, it was just that my quoted price had changed in less than 20 minutes.
The retail facility is very nice and has a large selection of guns to rent and ones you can purchase... unfortunately, the sales staff didn't appear to be very knowledgable.
Perhaps it was just the salesperson helping someone next to me while i filled out my waiver, but I heard at least 3 false statements about a firearm that he was attempting to sell to a customer.
I know the statements were false because the gun he was trying to sell was, in fact, the one I had brought to shoot and have owned it for 2 years.
This was a little unsettling.
Upon reading the range rules and waivers, I came across a section that states "Firearms must never be presented from the holster to shoot unless authorized by the range safety officer.
" Then is goes on to say that this assessment comes with a fee.
I asked about the fee and was told that it didnt exist.
GOOD NEWS!
I asked how i would go about getting assessed.
I was told to talk to the man escorting me into the range.
I asked him.
He told me to ask the Range Safety  Officer.
I asked The Range Safety Officer... he told me the person to do it was unavailable.
By this time, I was already 15 minutes into my shooting time and didnt want to wait around for someone.
The range itself is beautiful.
The lanes are well lit and the climate control/ ventilation system is superb.
The problem I had with using the range was that the Range Safety Officer was literally standing 2 feet behind me almost the entire time I shot.
He followed me every time I left the shooting bench.
I understand Safety is important.
But this facility is clearly geared towards novice shooters.
Most Safety Officers watch you for a couple minutes to see if you know what you are doing and then generally keep their distance.
this was not the case.
An hour of relaxation turned into about 45 minutes of frustration.
I dont think Ill be going back.

My girlfriend had never shot a gun before, so on a whim we decided to find a range and remedy that.
We came across the newly opened Range 702 online and made our way there (it's pretty accessible from the strip with the bus and just a little walking).
The staff was very friendly and they made the experience so much less intimidating than it might have been for a first timer!
My girlfriend was very happy (as was I) and we'll make our way back again often.

went to go look for a s&w shield 9mm which i found and bought.
its not difficult to find the building since its all blue and right off the I15.
the sales floor is big and spacious.
the sales guy "david" or "dave" i believe, apparently did not pay attention to the sales training as he had to ask people how to do everything almost every step of the way.
he was really nice and apologetic when he didn't know how to do something.
im a patient guy, but it was getting to the point where even the floor manager said "you weren't paying attention during the training were you?
" so at that point i was getting annoyed.
while i waited i walked around and the other sales reps were friendly and asked if i needed help.
i bought a box of ammo, complementary target and range time.
they had a cafe with a lot of variety.
they didnt have the cheapest prices but a decent selection.

After reading the mixed reviews about this place, I was quite reluctant to go.
My local range has always been American shooters, but after seeing their $10 range fee for locals, I had to try this place out.
This place was big!
Had the store, range, cafe all in one area.
Compared to american shooters, this place was a lot larger.
Everything was new and overall looked very nice and organized.
The range itself was on par with american shooters.
~25 yards...
I didn't ask but that's my guess :)  The reason I'll be coming back here next time is due to the fact that the range master was so incredibly nice.
The fact that this place was not overly crowded was a plus too.
Locals this is your go-to range!

Since I haven't had the chance to blast off some rounds since purchasing a $#!tlo@d of reload rounds from the recent Rocky Mountain Gun Show, I decided this is a good day to roll up with some of the fellas.
Range 702 is located on Dean Martin just behind the In-n-Out Burger on Trop.
You can't miss from view from the freeway.
The facility has a private parking lot and is pretty big on the inside and in a prime centralized location.
Staff are friendly and aren't snobby like a lot of range masters, especially the receptionist, which I failed to get her name, damn it.
She was cool either way and very helpful when processing my information.
Q is a cool cat who was supervising our lanes and a real down to earth guy.
He was working on a buddy of mines Saiga automatic 12-gauge shotgun that appeared to have ammo loading issues from the drum.
Q provided some insightful tips to my homie and went back to demolsihing his targets while my other friend was killing it at a distance with his Vector and AR-15.
I on the other hand, was mowing down zombie targets in my own lane with my Gen 4 Glock 17.
The lanes appear to be compartmentalized with sections of 4-5 lanes, great for parties or beginners that what to be secluded from other shooters.
The place is very well kept and safe and included a TV to watch the first half of the MNF game too.
Inside you will also find a pretty loaded snack bar to replenish your vitals after squeezing off sountless grueling rounds.
That's a nice addition that most ranges do not have.
Range fee was just $5 and there is a huge variety of firearm, rifle and machine gun rentals.
There are other supplies and pretty much everything you need there.
Not sure if they provide gunsmith services, but, you can purchase weapons there as well.
10% off for Law Enforcement too, sweet!
Really comfortable atmosphere to say the least and is worthy of a visit.

This review is from a locals perspective.
One of the most important things for me is that they allow you to bring your own ammo and range fees are only $10.
Range fee is even waived if you buy a box of their ammo, which is bargain priced.
And when I say bargain, it's premium ammo for cheaper than you would pay for low end stuff at Wal-Mart.
I haven't purchased a gun from them yet and I know some of their prices are on the higher end from what I've seen.
However, I am seriously considering buying my next gun from them regardless of price, just because they are that good and I want to support the business.
HIghly recommend.

I have been to Vegas many times and I would usually go to "The Gun Store".
However, I saw this place advertised and decided to give it a try.
I took my office so I decided to splurge and get the VIP package.
I was truly impressed as soon as we entered.
This facility is very spacious, clean, and the staff is very friendly.
The VIP range is great!!!
There is a lot of room and they truly make sure you are comfortable.
Our range master was fantastic.
I was the only guy with four women.
He was extremely professional and made sure everyone was first safe and then felt comfortable about the firearms we shot.
My wife even fired the shot gun.
If you have never shot before this is the place to go.
I definitely got more for my dollar at this facility compared to the Gun Store, I will definitely be going back!!

Finally Vegas has a indoor gun range with a deli and staff that is great to deal with.
No commandos here.
Used the range and had lunch, and they have earned a local as a repeat customer.
Very clean, affordable and great experience.

Very nice store.
Don't let the pics fool you, its bigger then I expected it to be.
They even have a snack bar !!
Beautifully set up & the prices very reasonable.
Nice staff....Eddie was knowledgeable & answered all my questions.
(today was his first day) I'll definitely will be back.

Went again last night after going to 3 other locations looking for ammo.
I called and they said they had what I was looking for.
I expected to pay "range / gun store" prices but was surprised they have nearly the same price as big box stores & on-line site.
Again this is why they have earned me as a faithful customer.

after visiting a gang of different gun shops  we stumbled across this place ....far more impressive than other competition...i cant complete my review until we take advantage of the range but i was impressed with there inventory and choices for sale....Couldnt find what we wanted but that is thanks to our wonderful joke we call president....
Thanks obama!

STAY AWAY!
This range doesn't allow you to take your brass home, justifying this theft by claiming A), that it is somehow more dangerous for the workers with brooms to sweep your empties back to you instead of into big piles out on the range -- to be sorted, bagged and SOLD -- and B), that reloaded ammo "poses a higher risk of malfunction.
"  If reloads are a safety concern, why do they sell brass to people who reload?
Do they expect me to buy back my own empties???
My brass is MY PROPERTY.
My 10mm Auto brass costs over 20 cents per case (plus shipping), so my typical 100 rounds monthly would cost me an extra $275 per year if I left my empties behind.
That's on top of the $20 they charge for an hour's shooting time (another $240 per year), so the combined cost is more than I pay for ammo!
They already get all of the lead and copper that people are shooting, so it's just plain GREEDY to steal the brass, too.
Their range isn't nice enough that I'm willing to be STOLEN FROM in order to use it.
And if they're thieves in the back room, I don't trust them in the front room, either, so I have decided NOT to buy the pistol I was looking at on my other visit.

After reading a few negative reviews about this place, I decided to try it out anyway.
Seemed nice enough walking in.
I made my way to the counter and was directed around to the range area to rent a shooting lane.
I paid $10 for a lane and $2 for a zombie target.
There were no lines or anything, so I got right to work.
A range officer watched me as I proceeded to bust a cap into one of the side dancers from the Thriller music video.
Needless to say, that guy started having a real bad day when I got there.
All in all it was a good time.
I brought my own weapon, but next time I might rent another pistol for $25 or one of those infamous ASSAULT rifles for $50.
Sounds like fun to me.
Cost to shoot at 702...$12.00.
Sleeping well, knowing that I'm ready for the Zombie Apocalypse...PRICELESS!

I didn't read reviews before I went, but as a manager in town for the CES Show earlier this month, I booked a lane for me and my employees to have a company "shoot out".
I'm an avid shooter, and my employees were interested - and being in Vegas, why not take a once in a lifetime opportunity to fire a fully automatic rifle?
We chose the BlackOps package for everyone, and was able to print out  coupon from the website for a slight discount.
They applied it to everyone's charge, and that was very cool customer service.
I was expecting to haggle with coupons, and instead, they were very appreciative of our business.
So totally cool, thanks to the cool girl behind the counter.
We were matched with Carlos, the Master Range Officer.
Talk about cool guys!
This guy was obviously familiar with the rifles, but also familiar with newbies - and was extremely patient with people who have never shot before.
This is a surprise, as many gun enthusiasts and trainers I've had in the past were very impatient and short.
Instead, Carlos would be happy to repeat instructions, help people, allow everyone to take their time when it was their turn - and even allowed us to take pictures of each other shooting and pose with the guns.
I have to say, this was probably the most fun I've had in Vegas in terms of evening events.
The package even included a T-Shirt, which was an awesome photo op for the company newsletter.
If you go, ask for Carlos!
Very cool guy, and made the experience a real bang.
Thanks for everything!

They have added locals day pricing for the range!

Liz is a great help, dont let her ink scare you!
Its about time a range charges one fee for several shooters, other places charge per shooter even if you still use one lane.
Store  has a great selection of guns and ammo.
Local friendly!
The range is clean and safe RSO are every where its nice to see them teach range safety.

what was i thinking four stars i love this place and the staff is super nice we finally found the guns we want yeah!!!
I bought my first rifle and had zero problems they were super willing to help explain anything i didnt understand (even though i did it three times cuz i kept breaking the tablet lol)  I love how they keep the range clear of debri so you dont trip and how secure they are with ensuring everybody is safe ....come on look around you never know when the most expeirienced person is going to go postal!
I cant wait to go back!

ok so maybe im crazy into guns right now but this place has become my new hobby ...they really make me look forward to my day off...TYLER is so awesome and informative he has even helped me narrow down what hand gun i want (Thanks)...Tyler has helped us with almost all our purchases and we look forward to seeing him when we walk in the door...Although i cant leave out the guys in the range stephen was very helpful with helping us with faulty mags and showing us how to properly mait.
our new gun..he also made me more confident in shooting safely and i actually hit my targets with his tips thanks guys we do really luv ya!!

This place blows.
Pricing is wayyy higher than other ranges and then you have some shmoe standing next to you reloading your weapon for you.
What???
I don't need some kid reloading for me.
Too many good ranges in Vegas to go to this one.

Let me start off by saying that IM GOING BACK!
And it's because of 2 reasons.
Their weapon selection is outstanding.
With options ranging from a standard 9 mm glock to a 40mm grenade launcher, I was drooling to get my hands on something big, credible, powerful and scary!
I started off with the desert eagle, and moved to the full-auto AK-47.
Yes, FULLY AUTOMATIC!!!
The customer service.
Each group or person that goes to the range is assigned a range officer.
This My range officer, Gil, was a US Army veteran.
This guy was knowledgeable beyond what I could have asked for.
Besides correcting my aim, and instructing me on how to accurately shoot my targets, he answered my questions regarding some basic mechanical properties of the weapons & even discussed some of his Army experiences with me.
He was friendly and very professional.
Overall, The Range 702 was a surprisingly refreshing experience.
I will be going back, with friends and family, for a little competitive quality time.
5 stars

My first time going to The Range 702 and I can say I had a great experience.
Helpful and knowledgeable staff, range chief was great, explained the rules, but wasn't a total a** hat if you messed up, and range prices are  reasonable.
The ONLY issue is the close quarters of the of the range itself.
It would be nice to have a bit more room.

This is a horrible place!
I have never experience someone more racist.
We had an app and they picked us up all late at our hotel and then once we got there, we signed up and were filling out the papers and as soon as we mentioned the date for the applciation out loud, which it happened to be 4/20 - they right away said.
are you guys high?
or consuming alcohol??
?.and we said no we are not.
the girl checking us in said, ok i will be right back and she brought this security guy.
Then he automatically said you guys can t shoot guns today.
is illegal to do it under the influence.
We were so upset that we left and never agree to go back even thought we had already pre paid for this online.
Just caused we mentioned 4/20 while feeling application on the paper for the rest of the group to hear they assumed we were consuming drugs.
We were all latinos and we felt the racism 100%.
Do not visit this place.
they are not worth it.
you shouldn't automatically assume things and blame someone with out proof.
BAD SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!

Staff is a joke and don't know what they are doing.
Only good thing about this range is the gun selection..other than that i can say this place is ran by a bunch of clowns!!!
Please choose a different spot save yourself some cash and frustration.
Will not be coming back...ever

Went this morning with my 13y.o.
son.
We are both novice shooters.
Explained what we were looking for (hoping for).
Received an upbeat intro.
from Jeremy.
Then Dawn at the counter set us up with Walther PPK's.
Into the range we went.
It was just a solid blast!
Questions were answered with a friendly and relaxed attitude by everyone we interacted with.
We are returning next week for an hour of 1 on 1 instruction into some of the finer points.
The rental prices were very fair, and I can see returning regularly, it appears this will be the go-to range for us in Las Vegas.
Wanted a good, fun experience, and got it.

Fantastic Shooting Range!
Since we haven't been there before, we got there a bit early before meeting some friends to fill out the paperwork.
Not alot of paperwork but just to get us in their system.
The facility is very clean and the staff is awesome.
They have a huge variety of guns to "try before you buy".
This is a nice option to have if you are in the market for a new one.
We first wanted to grab a quick bite to eat and ate at the grill located inside.
I was surprised on the variety of food they had to offer here.
I had ordered the Grilled chicken wrap.
Again, surprisingly good!
On a Sunday afternoon, it was great that we didn't have to wait for a lane.
I thought it was great to have an employee in our area to sweep away the shell casings.
Plus, since being in Vegas, I'm sure they are there to keep an eye on any unsafe actions that could occur.
Overall, it is a great place to shoot if you are a local or just visiting.
(Bonus on Wednesdays for locals with a 1/2 off lane rental fee!
) We will definitely be back!

Whenever my fiance's pops is in town, we goin' a shootin'!
Gotta please the gunny the best way I know how, lol.
This venture followed a failed attempt to hit up a near by range I pass by on the daily, Las Vegas Gun Range.
Unfortunately, they were at full capacity and had only 5 lanes operable.
I will be back over there to give them a fair shake at at a review the next go around.
Moreover, my lady has never been to Range 702, so it was only fitting to give it a go.
Plus we had to get somewhere quick since it was beyond a hundo on the temp scale #beattheheatlol.
We pass on American Shooters today and took our gzats got done exercise.
Once inside, my girl immediately thought it was a nice spread.
I noticed that they were pretty busy and saw Q, one of the cool staff members I met the first time here.
Luckily he remembered me after, bit not my name, but showed enough love till I jumped good memory.
He took care of us and definitely an asset to Range 702.
We got lane 13, the same one I had last time, and squeezed off roughly 500 rounds to kill time before the evening festivities.
Range got everything you need to get a good day of shooting on.
The place even got a concession area of you shoot yourself hungry, especially after blasting away on animated zombie targets for a minute.
The amenities are unlike most ranges, and the setting is spacious and comfortable.
I like how you can shoot side arms and long rifles in any lane without hassle.
you feel right at home here, I swear it.
I bought an extra 100 rounds toward the end to wind down the day with our friendly competition.
In the words of the governor of Califas..."ill be back..."

Hookers and blow??
Or shooting machine guns...   Hookers and blow??
Or shooting machine guns...  Hmmm lets see, same amount of funnnn but probably cheaper and safer to shoot machine guns..  What can I say?
This place is freaking awesome!
Now where I am from (Seattle) we are pretty well gunned-up but we sure don't have too many ranges where you can just walk in and shoot fully automatic weapons on a lunch break.
I chose the Navy Seal package which came out to around $160, this included a Glock 17, MP5, M4 and you finish it off with the SAW.
They also gave me a free AK mag so that was included in my deal.
When I was there, they had a news crew doing interviews so I had to wait a little while for the an available trainer.
When my trainer (pretty sure his name was Ozzie) was done, he actually came over and apologized for the wait and even threw in another free AK mag!
This was one of the best shooting experiences I have done.
I can't tell you how long I was there because its all so overwhelming and was a blur, but what I can tell you is that I was shaking from the adrenaline rush you get from shooting these beasts!
And each one had a special moment with me LOL.
I am sure some gun enthusiasts will say its overrated or there are better ranges but I am a true fan of this place and would go back in a heartbeat.
Everyone there treated me great and while I was waiting even the gun counter guys would talk with me to pass the time.
Ozzie even had an extra trainer come in and film me shooting the SAW with my phone.

Not sure how it compares to other places, but we had a great time here.
Ordered zombie package for about $180, ended up waiting about an hour but they apologized and threw in a SAW machine gun(!!).
The friendliest instructor you could ask for and a great experience.

Was here and staff was friendly and knowledgeable.
Range masters were polite.
My only disappointment  was that I figured I'd rent a revolver while I was there and the cashier finally talked me into the S&W Governor.
You boys that know, know what I'm talking about....let's shoot shotguns shells from a hangun!!!
But then after all the hype, they were out of shells.
Sad Face.

I Go to the range almost every other week to train and hands down it's my favorite indoor range in Vegas.
It has great staff that will talk to you and give you the time of day.
If u want a great shooting experience hands down the range is wear it's at

Fun place to live out a mobster fantasy with a Tommy Gun or just double tap a few zombies!
Friendly Staff and Nice Range booths.
A gun enthusiast dream!
Yes I did say good for kids.. at least 11 yrs or older ... our daughter had her first range time today and had a blast ( pun intended!
) A bit pricy but you can shoot just about anything that uses bullets!
The full automatic rifle had a holographic gun sight very awesome!
We will be back!

Great place!
Helpful.
Friendly.
Clean.
Wonderful staff.
I would highly recommend it to anyone and everyone.
I am looking forward to many return visits, lots of shooting, and having fun making a lot of noise.

I am a regular here and switched from another place in town where the range masters had some pretty bad attitudes.
These guys however have been great.
Always polite and courteous, will answer all questions with no hesitation and get advice and tips while on the range.
I won't be shooting anywhere else in town.
I took my son there today for his 10th birthday, they have him a shirt as a gift.
I have never had an issue with renting a firearm and they have always had ammo in stock.
I'm a life time customer.

I came here with several friends who were interested in shooting some guns during their trip to Las Vegas.
Based on the vibe of the place, and the type of advertisements around the area, this business definitely caters towards the tourist crowd.
The staff were pretty friendly and accommodating, and the range was fairly well-kept, organized, and clean.
However, the policies and pricing of the range were somewhat unreasonable; the ladies at the counter would not allow us to split up a package our group; the packages were supposed to be for one person only, even though what we were doing was just renting a block of firearms for a shooting session.
Another personal quip about this range was the amount of hand-holding we were given.
An instructor guided our group through everything, and did everything for us short of pulling the trigger.
Nobody learned anything about how to operate the firearms we were shooting, and the instructor made it feel like shooting the gun was a novelty for people with short attention spans.
Though I have been on other shooting ranges before, my friends have not, and I suppose if we looked less like tourists, we might have been treated differently.
It is a good place if you want to try out shooting a gun, but not particularly engaging for people who have been around firearms before.

Range 702 offers a free concealed carry class, you just have to sign up for it.
They also have a large selection of firearms for sale and many different kinds of firearms to rent.
If you are visiting they also have a lot of cool machine guns to rent for a guided tour with one of their many Military veteran range safety officers.
They also have a small grill if you get hungry and a gunsmith shop to repair or customize your firearm.

This place is kind of hit and miss, some of the guys are awesome some, not so much.
Great place to shoot unless you get stuck with the model, he is WAY too cool and pretty to be nice.

I sent Clients and Owners of mine to The Range 702 the results were EPIC!!!!
The experience they had was so wonderful they could not stop talking about it.
The Black Ops package and Family package was a BANG!
LOL!!!!
The Range 702 did a wonderful job taking care of there guest.
AWESOME!

I  recently hosted an event at The Range and it was a success!
Everyone who attended had so much fun in the lanes as well as playing pool and socializing when they were not shooting.
The staff was very friendly and helpful.
The actual time we had people shooting did not end up being as long as I thought it would be, so moving forward I would most likely stagger arrivals for big groups so there isn't so much 'waiting around'.
I am a complete gun novice and had a great time!
The only suggestion I would make is to explain a bit more about what guns we had available to us when we get in the lanes since it is hard to hear once you're physically in there.
All and all it was a great experience and everyone had a fun time.

While in Vegas, my Uncle wanted to take me to Range 702 for some shooting.
With a mixture of excitement and apprehension, I decided to go.
And oh boy was I grateful I went!
The Range 702, the largest gun range in Las Vegas, has 25 shooting lanes.
The place was very neat and the staff were very welcoming.
Gill, one of their staff, was truly amazing!
Upon learning that it was my first time handling a gun, he took some time to give a demonstration on safety and proper gun handling.
He also hooked us up with great discounts!
We got our ear covers and goggles rentals for free!
Our group rented 2 lanes for an hour.
We were so into our shooting that we didn't realize that we already went over our time limit.
It was only when I went out to buy more shooting practice target paper that Gill informed me that we were already almost half an hour over!
And he didn't  charge us extra for that!
If you want to do other than gorging on food, donating money to the slot machines, and exercising your liver, make sure to drop by The Range 702 and practice your second amendment rights!

These guys had great Customer Service, as well as an Amazing Facility that I will use when going to Vegas.
Not use to quality products and so much may I say, they had everything you needed...sadly I'm a Californian but looking forward to my next visit.

This place is Mecca for gun enthusiasts and interested students of firearms...Al Qaeda need not apply.
Picture your local grocery store, but with guns!
Glorious, glorious machine guns, pistols, shotguns, and all the accouterments you can imagine outfitting your weaponry with!
Make note, Range 702 isn't the only shooting gallery on the block where you rent some heavy, full-auto fire power and squeeze off a few rounds, or a hundred into bad-guy targets.
They may not be the most well known either, but by God, they sure as hell embody the 2nd Amendment.
God I love this country.
U-S-A...U-S-A...U-S-A!!!
PS: Their rental packages, though slightly different than local competitors are 5-10% cheaper as well.

Just did the Black Ops package.
A TOTAL blast if you've never shot anything full auto!!
Great instruction.
Range is very nice and very well stocked

Was a lot of fun but one of the guns kept jamming and the manager handled the situation poorly.
The employees and management definitely could use some customer service training, wasn't impressed.
They were also incredibly understaffed as we waited nearly 30 minutes to sign up and choose our guns.
I won't be back to this place.

This place is awesome!
Great facility to practice your marksmanship.
Staff is great and very helpful.
I highly recommend to get a membership if you like to shoot a lot.
It's worth it!
Check this place out, you will not be disappointed.
Happy Shooting!!

I was meeting my friend here to test out his new guns and practice to get licensed.
I arrived before he did and tried to look like i knew what I was looking for browsing their retail items but truth is I felt out of place and a little intimidated.
That is until the gentleman behind the counter yelled out how can I assist you darling.
He was very friendly and willing to assist me.
He asked about my interest in guns and then he took me around the corner and let me get a feel for some of their selections and briefed me on some gun tips   Finally my friend arrives.
We brought our own ammo, targets and guns and they provided eye and ear protection and we were only charged $10 for the hour.
The place is huge, clean and also features a snack bar with lots of seating.
All staff were attentive and willing to assist.
They are definitely into their guns and very knowledgeable.
They also offer free classes on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Most of the staff are also former service men.
I could see myself coming back even on my own.

This has become my new home range.
Staff are helpful, most of the range masters are friendly and everything is well kept.
Ammo, although a little pricey, is well stocked.
Full store and fast food restaurant.
My only complaint/suggestion: more accessories; I.e.
; holsters, range bags, magazines, educational materials, flashlights etc.
More of an assortment and merchandising so it is more visually inviting to guests.
Other than that, I look forward to practicing here every week.

I am a regular visitor to The Range 702.
The staff is always very kind to me and the customer service is awesome!
My first time at The Range 702 (back when they first opened), I was looking for a shotgun.
Eddie was very patient and showed me different models, never once giving me any type of "you're a girl so you need this" type speech.
When he put the Mossberg 500 Tactical Persuader into my hands, I was in love.
And to this day, it is my favorite firearm.
I have made firearms purchases from staff members Tyler, Theron and Dawn also.
I have found each of them to be very knowledgable about the particular firearm being purchased and I have been satisfied with each sale.
I continued to go back to The Range 702 and discovered that everyone is well trained and extremely helpful.
No one has ever treated me differently because I am a female.
This is a very female friendly gun range!
They have a Ladies Day every Tuesday and Ladies get a free hour of range time!
I recommend The Range 702 to my friends and business associates all the time.
702 has a great little cafe located right inside the business with plenty of tables and chairs to sit and relax.
The food is pretty good and they run a food special each day.
The range itself is separated into sections.
The guests renting firearm packages are kept to the far left in their own area whereas those guests going in with their own firearm can shoot in their own lane down to the right.
The RSOs (range safety officers) are visible and approachable.
They offer quick words of advice if asked but keep their eyes on the shooters, making sure everyone and every thing is safe.
The Range 702 is located very close to the fabulous Las Vegas Strip and easily accessible from the 15.
They are open seven days a week (holiday hours may vary).
They hold special events, too!
Talk to Bryan about IDPA!
I think The Range 702 is the valley's premier shooting center.
Large selection of firearms, large retail section with clothing, footwear, accessories and ammo, ammo, ammo, 16 public lanes plus 2 extra lanes for special shooting activities (IE-Zombie Shoot for Halloween) and classrooms for education!
(Talk to Jeff about your CCW)   All of this under one roof with a great staff guarantees a great experience!

I am a believer, there is a reason why I drive out of my way and pass other ranges.
Its not the wonderful appearance, all the amenities, the well stocked inventory, or the fact that I can have a good meal after my range time, it's the staff!
The customer service I always receive is hands down second to none.
I have to SALUTE Mike Collier on his vast knowledge, enthusiasm and always going the extra mile to help me satisfy my needs.
He guided me with the purchase of three firearms that I am very happy with.
Anytime I've had a problem he's resolved them with great proficiency and a smile!
702 don't let him go, he is an asset to your range.
Mike I salute you Sir!

Hands down the best indoor shooting range in Las Vegas.
The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.
They offer a great selection of goods and services.
There is also a gunsmith and full eatery inside.
I would recommend this range to any and every shooter.

Great place, they have it all from good bites to apparel.
The only thing missing is a play area for the little ones.
Hehe

Last Friday my husband and I came here for the first part of his birthday weekend.
We're locals, and were looking for something different than just the typical table and bottle celebration.
My husband has always expressed interest go to a range but we've never made it happen.
So I surprised him with the black ops package they offer.
OMG!!!!!
So much fun.
Multiple guns are included in the package.
Youre allowed to select different targets for each gun.
And as a keepsake you can bring those home.
As a first time shooter, my husband was a little nervous.
Luckily we had Ozzie walking him through it.
He was polite, funny and genuinely seemed to like his job.
That kind of service is far and few between.
We will definitely be back!!!!

Free shuttle from the hotel.. Wow.. Stacey was early and very friendly.. thank her for her service (Guard).. and tell her Barb loved her... the instructor.. might have been Javier.. or George.. sorry ..don't remember was great.. went over position and hand hold..  sights and comfort level.. great experience.. you HAVE TO go there... :)...  and they will match other coupons.. just a great time!

Awesome facility - a lot of lanes, friendly staff and the place is clean.
I've been to a few dirty, crowded, cramped ranges.
The Range 702 beats the Gun Store any day.
This place is probably the closest range to the strip (at least to City Center) and prices are reasonable.
The gunsmith shop is a nice plus - they helped me fix a stuck slide on my handgun for no charge and gave me instructions on how to properly disassemble a new firearm.

Good selection of ammo but more than twice the price than last time I bought 9mm!!
Bulk purchases available but still a strain on the wallet.
I've been considering another pistol for a while and asked about a few.
Overall, I could have dealt without the attitude of the person helping me and would go back to American Shooters because they are smaller but nicer to deal with and just plain more comfortable for me.
This range seemed to be more tourist oriented.
I'm sure there are serious locals but for me meh.
Except for needing ammo, I probably wouldn't go back to shoot or purchase a weapon.

I'm not sure if I mentioned this in my previous review but want to emphasis that even if you are not there to shoot or purchase a gun, it was the only place on the west side of the strip I could find ammo and they do sell in bulk.
I buy new because my regular range won't allow reloaded but could at least get bulk rates.
I think I'm going to go back and shoot and use reloaded (or is it techhically "remanufactured") ammo since it is way cheaper and they allow it.
FYI - They do offer free CCW classes.
I'm not sure if they offer tactical training.

Made several trips here before I decided to write a review.
The staff really makes this place shine and I have gotten to know a few of them as I come here more often.
Like the range so much, I ended up joining the annual membership which entitles me to come in as often as I want which is really useful when you are reloading and working up your loads.

The Range 702 is Great for out of towners and even better for locals.
It's a one stop shop for whatever you might be looking for.
I always walk outta there spending more than I should have.
But I NEVER walk outta there disappointed.
I have been to a few other places in Vegas that are some what similar, but The Range 702 out classes them all.
Their customer service, knowledge, and selection has yet to be matched.

Love love love this place.
You can bring your own ammo && there's always a guy inside helping us out.
Employees are very personable & are always willing to help.
Shout out to Jorge for helping us out today!!
Oh, and they offer free ccw class.
Best range in town!

My wife and I have been together for 3 years now, and ever since we started going out, I've been bugging her that I wanted to go shooting.
3 years later, still no shooting...and due to her being pregnant looks like that isn't happening anytime soon because of the lead.
For my birthday a few months ago, she did promise that she'd let me go as her gift to me, but due to our busy schedules that never happened.
On a previous trip to Las Vegas, I had noticed an ad in a magazine for the Range 702, and on this Vegas trip, she said I should go and check it out.
It's been been a good 8 years since I had been shooting any fire arms, and with her nephew with us she figured it would be nice to take him along as she can't go.
Pretty good idea as the closest he's been to shooting is on Xbox playing Call of Duty.
We took the beginner class so he can get an understanding of the weapon.
Our instructor was a former US Marine (OOH-RAH!).
After taking the safety class, we then went into the firing line.
He had fired a Glock, and went with an AR-15.
2 Hours, and 200 rounds later we good time was had by us.
Range 702 is a very nice facility, with very clean restrooms, a mini surplus store, and coffee bar and gun rental/shop.
That's only the first floor, so I'm still not sure if the 2nd is open to the public as they offer scenarios also (as far as I know it's the Military and Zombie Apocalypse) so that would be cool to check out next time.

This was a great range with some great packages.
Our range instructor Dieon was outstanding and I selected the Black Ops package.
Check them out, you will have fun.

A dream come true.
The zombie package is what I went with.
Firing the automatic ak-47 and the shotgun was ridiculous!
The staff was professional and attentive.
The facilities are clean and spacious.
Prepare for a wait.
My strong recommendation:  WEAR CONTACTS and keep your glasses at home.
The eye protector and the ear muffs are incredibly uncomfortable.
Over time the glasses get pressed into your temple and become painful.
I had to remove the ear protectors several times.
They have a shuttle service with free pickups but tip is expected.

Went in during the locals early bird special and got a lane right away real friendly staff and they helped me find PPE and ammo, and explained the range rules.
Definitely going to come back again.

Pricey but a great place to grab a gun and get to blasting.
Staff was very friendly and welcoming.
Will return!

My wife and I decided to give this range a try since we only live a little over an hour away.
I was impressed at how inviting it is and close to the strip.
We took a good half and hour and walked around the store.
I was disappointed that the didn't have more gun related stuff like holster, tactical vests, gun accessories etc.
They did have a good selection of firearms and the staff was helpful.
At the end of our visit I got a T-Shirt, only $10!
most places... well you know, $20 minimum.
Worth checking out for sure, Just keep in mind, you are paying extra for the "Vegas" strip part of it.

Great range.
Was hesitant on coming here.
Did not want a place that the staff was all up in your business, but on a recommendation, was very comfortable here!
Actually, the range master did help - and went above and beyond.
Big store.
Prices reasonable.
Oh, and good looking staff.
All very friendly and helpful.

Awsome place!
Staff is really friendly, and they don't try to nickle and dime you for everything, they give you the best price!
Can't wait to come back in a month!

Come early on weekends.
Free Shuttle service available.
Spent the weekend celebrating my husband's birthday...Everyone flew in and then there were 8.....
Shuttle picked us up at our hotel...shuttle was really nice...Mercedes "bus" all decked out with The Range 702 graphics...really comfortable and the driver Ryan was very friendly and personable.
We arrived at The Range and lucky for us, the crowd hadn't hit yet.
We looked over the packages and signed waivers...We ended up taking the Black Ops package (MP5-25 Rounds, M4-25 Rounds, SAW-40 Rounds, 9mm Handgun-10 Rounds, Targets and really cool T-Shirt) and The Zombiance (AK-47 -25 Rounds, M4-25 Rounds, Shotgun-5 Rounds, 1911 Handgun-7 Rounds, Targets and a cool T-Shirt).
Our Range Safety Officer was Rocky, a former Navy SEAL, Policeman, Security Contractor along the West African Coast who actually met Captain Phillips!
Rocky was so well informed about everything and patiently explained the rules and procedures to us before entering the range.
We then got our goggles and ear muffs...once in the range area, I could smell the gun powder.
It reminded me of New Years in Hawaii!
Love that smell...then BOOM!
Wow!
the sound of guns going off, even with the ear muffs, was scarey!
The adrenalin started flowing....this was sooo exciting!
Don helped us with the hand guns while Rocky took care of the rifles and automatic rifles....we got to select target of people or bulls eye types.
Each of us took turns shooting the handguns and the rifles...it was a  blast!
I was so amazed at the sound and the "kick"....Imagine girls from under 100 lbs to big guys all shooting guns...what a rush!
Rocky and Don were great with making sure we were safe and still having so much fun!...it was totally an afternoon we will long remember.
Once all of the shooting was done, they let us take photos...we did not feel rushed at all.
The entire range is really nice...totally air conditioned, clean and so well organized.
You can even buy guns, ammo and apparel there.
Next time you are in Las Vegas, definitely go to The Range 702...great place for birthday, bachelor or bachelorette parties or just good old plain family fun!
The have all kinds of cool packages and it is totally worth the money!!
P.S.
In N Out is right down the street...we got lunch there and had drinks from The Range...they have a great place to sit and eat after shooting...it was a perfect day!

