Brand new - they have an awesome iced tea selection!

Cleanest bathrooms of any C-Store chain!

I would normally never give a QT 4 stars, because let's face it.
I'm in love with QT!!
But this one is brand new and for some really strange reason, the builders of this one decided to go against the grain and change the set up.
It is one of the most obnoxious QTs I've ever been in!
The drink stations are split up.
The snacks are spread out in a strange way.
The registers are facing away from the doors.
Even the condiments are in a weird spot.
Why did they have to mess with something that ain't broke?!
Ugh.

Love this QT, it has everything here!

Fast, friendly, clean, big variety of products, exactly what a QT should be.

Great new location, convenient and exactly what Estrella was missing in terms of businesses.
The checkers are good too, many times handling two customers at a time!

Morning week team is awesome.
Other times they are all disorganized.
Bathrooms are very clean.

new big clean still has that new store feeling

Check yourself before you wreck yo self

Favorite gas station!
Why aren't they in California?!

Awesome QT!
The morning crew is the best.
The store is clean and the employees get on it if it's not.
If you have any problems or questions about the drink dispenser they are there to fix it.
They make the tea fresh constantly.
Can't find something just grab an employee and ask.
They are fast friendly and efficient.
It's my favorite gas station by far.

Love this location it is very busy though.
Well I guess all QTs are.
I wonder why they don't just build an extra island of pumps when they build.
I also wonder why they don't add extra registers.
Overall this location is clean and convenient.
I love the many choices of drinks and ice,  There is something for everyones type of munchies.
They also have this area in the back where they make smoothies or concrete mixers.
I have not yet tried anything from the back of the store.
Oh this location does have a little sitting area if you have a minute to just sit I guess.
I do like that you can drive behind the store to exit north or south.

