Very cool place.
They use some of the best ultrasound equipment out there (Philips HD-15s), and they have a pretty nice monitoring area for non-stress tests.
I think that overall, it's a wonderful office.
Wonderfully nice staff too.
I think that the only thing I would probably recommend is that if staff is sick, to not have them work.
Pregnant women usually have a lowered immune system and that probably isn't a good idea (one of the ladies in checkout seemed to be getting over a cold or something).
The other is to have a separate waiting area for sick pregnant women.
Again, citing the fact of lower immunity, it's probably a better idea to have this separation.

This location for high risk pregnancy is nice.
Took awhile to get there since its in the middle of the boon docks.
The appointment was very early so we were in and out.
Im glad it was early because when we got out of the room the waiting room was full of people.
So maybe go early and leave early.

I have been referred to this location from Nellis and so far I love it!
My daughter is measuring on the small side which has caused some concern.
So I am being seen here for weekly monitoring and ultrasounds.
I don't really have a specific doctor just yet since I am still being seen at Nellis, but the staff has been awesome.
Everyone is really friendly and makes me feel comfortable.
One of the front desk ladies even helped me book a months worth of appointments all at once so that I do not have to worry about driving to a further location.
Another huge plus is that they allow children in the monitoring room.
Normally military hospitals do not allow children during appointments especially during ultrasounds.
With that being said I am really grateful!
I will say though some parents need to learn to keep their children a bit more quite.
I say this because their children might ruin it for the rest of us lol.

While the wait was very long, I can understand why... Dr. Giaccobe is awesome and willing to answer any and all questions that you have.
She's empathetic and very blunt, which I appreciate greatly.
The ultrasound equipment that is used is top notch and Patty, our u/s tech explained everything in detail that was going on on the screen.
Additionally, I really liked the front desk staff (they also perform check out) and they kept me aware of what my co-pay would be ahead of time.
I would say that the only downside would be the nurse that called me back.
I wish she had been a little friendlier, but still, it was not the worst I've experienced.
Overall, I am looking forward to my next visit and wish they did the actual prenatal/delivery care instead of just side by side with my regular doctor.

