Did a tour with them, fantastic facility, with very knowledgeable trainers who walked us around.. Tour was about an hour or so, watches them give their lions a bath which was cool and a training session which was neat... Can't wait to go back again and see more

I didn't take a formal tour, just walked the grounds with my hubs.
I was surprised to see the lions fenced off the way they were, I thought they would have more space to roam around.
I enjoyed seeing them interact, we heard a lot of roaring while we were here.
It was a little sad at times because you can see how restless they are.
There's multiple security measures in place, but it still felt like you were up close with the lions.

My adult son and I really enjoyed our visit.
The compounds were clean and all of the animals seemed in good health.
Of course, being lions, they were basically all sleeping during the afternoon but we did enjoy watching the cubs romp and play.
It was a good experience and worth the visit.

I knew that somewhere near the M Resort was the ranch where the lions that used to be transported to and from the MGM Grand's Lion Habitat lived.
Today, I went with some freinds from out of town and saw the lions.
There are 40 adult lions and 7 cubs.
Two of the cubs are small enough that you can pay ($30) to have your photo taken with them.
You can touch the fur up to the back of the neck, not forward of it, as some women who had the photo taken told us.
Admission to the ranch is $20 per person.
There are tours that cost more and you can do a trainer for a day which sets you back about two meals at Joël Robuchon.
We were there at 11 AM when the gate rolled back and you're given entrance to the parking lot.
You sign a waiver, pay your money, and go on your way on a walking tour of the pens.
Today was one of the warmest days so far this spring and the adults pretty much were just lying around.
The cubs, on the other hand, were quite active because a handler was in their pen with them and was playing with them.
He'd throw a large ball and they'd chase it and each other.
It was quite fun and the handler was an employee of the company for several years so he had a lot of knowledge to impart.
He readily answered questions.
Very personable guy.
After about an hour and a half, we had seen about all we wanted.
I would give this a full five stars if they'd let me get in and play with the cubs, too, but alas that won't happen!

We started off our Vegas trip here and it was so amazing!
Way better than Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden which is quite awesome.
The lions are right up close and personal.
One of us almost got peed on!
Unlike a zoo where the animals sleep all day and lead sad lives, here the lions are playing and interacting and seem quite comfortable and loving towards their handlers.
I was really excited about going here and it exceeded my expectations.

This is where the MGM lions have home!
Actually the place has been here and supplying the lions for photo ops for years.
MGM pulled it and don't seam to be offering these folks any support, so hopefully all you folks will come and support these folks.
All the folks working here are awesome!
They have a lot of knowledge and Are eager to share it.
The owner, Keith Evans was in the cub interaction with me and he was really nice.
All the girls who help out in the interaction are sweet.
Yes it's 200 bucks but you could lose that on 10 minutes on the strip, trust me you will like this better.
Bonus , you can take all the photos you like while you are im the enclosure.
Daughter and I went in together and took turns with the camera.
These folks treat the lions like like kings.... And queens ;) I loved it and will def recommend it to all my friends !

I wanted to send you a note to once again thank you for the fantastic time that my wife and I had visiting the Lion Habitat Ranch and your providing us with a private tour last Thursday 8-15-13.
We both thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and learned a tremendous amount about all of the Lions.
We will definitely recommend anyone that we know who are coming to the Las Vegas area to visit the Lion Habitat Ranch.
In fact we mentioned it to a family that we met while on a tour to the Hoover Dam the next day and suggested that they go and visit the Ranch for it is an exceptional experience.
We look forward to again visiting the Lion Habitat Ranch in the future for we have told both of our grown children and they are also very interested in coming to the Ranch.
We thank you once again for the great time and all of the insight that you provided.

My favorite place in Vegas!
(Henderson) I had such a great time looking at the lions up close,especially Lucky my favorite lion.
It was pure joy to actually hold Benny a cub.
The facility is clean.
The lions look healthy.
The trainers and staff are so nice!!!
I went 2 days in a row in May.
I can't wait to go next month to see how big Benny is.

My husband and I were in Vegas this past weekend and met up with our local Nevada friends who took us to this awesome ranch.
We got there, signed a quick waiver, paid $20 per person, (which at first I thought was a little steep).
What a great $40 my husband and I spent.
To be that close to these animals was amazing.
The trainers and staff were so sweet to give us info on the different Lions.
We got to see 8 week old baby lions being bottled fed due to their momma not being able to produce any milk.
The grounds are immaculate, the staff wonderful and so informative.
I would recommend this place to anyone.
Adults and kids of all ages.
The roaring the lions make is amazing.

The gem in the Vegas Valley that nobody knows about!
I took my Goddaughter and it was the best $20 I have spent in a long time.
I had no idea this was here.
It is like a community where lions and tigers go to retire.
The animals are so extremely well taken care of and happy...you can tell.
The employees were super friendly, the facility is amazingly clean.
Not a big facility, but there were dozens of lions.
We were able to walk around, take it all in, talk to the employees about the animals and even see the baby cubs being fed in a little over an hour.

Best experience of my life!
We did the cub interaction for $200.
It was so awesome!
I bottle fed a 4 week old baby cub!
He was sweet and beautiful :) I held him on my lap and was able to pet him and play with him.
Wow , I'll never forget this for the rest of my life!
I didn't get to see the rest of the sanctuary because it was raining...
I plan on returning for sure!!!

My son and I went to Las Vegas on vacation this past March.
We were fortunate enough to find out about this wonderful place.
It was one of the best experiences we have ever had.
The lions are healthy and well taken care of.
We had the opportunity to meet and take a picture with Rock, the lion cub.
What an amazing place!!
If you are ever in Vegas, don't miss the chance to experience this once in a lifetime  gem!!!

While most children dream of being a doctor or a lawyer, I grew up with a dream of working with animals--lions were my personal preference.
Of course, real life happened & I got married, raised my children, & found a good job--NOT as a vet or pet shop owner!
Last year I noticed an article in The Review Journal.
We have a Lion Habitat in Las Vegas!!
We can actually visit the lions--up close--& we can hold a CUB!!
Today I fulfilled a life long dream--finally a major wish on my bucket list has a check next to it!!
For six minutes (of shear h-e-a-v-e-n!!
) I sat in a playroom & bottle fed & cuddled with a three month old lion cub!!
Words can't begin to express the emotions that run through your veins when you hold "the king of the jungle" on your lap!!!
My only regret is that I didn't know about this amazing santuary prior to late last year!
I fully intend on visiting as frequently (& financially!!
) as possible--I look forward to watching these little guys grow up & bottle feeding any future Lion Habitat residents.
I want to spread the word to both Vegas locals & visiting adventurers who are looking for an amazing (& totally unique) experience.
Where else can you go to see lions of all ages, shapes, & sizes in such an intimate setting?
And not only can you see the animals up close & personal, the ranch also offers individualized events such as "Trainer For a Day" & "Feast With the Beast".
When you visit, you can clearly see how content all of the animals are & I've come to the conclusion that while I hate to share the cubs, I need to spread the word to others so that the owners & staff of The Lion Habitat Ranch can continue to care for and offer this awesome adventure for many, many years to come!
So yes, if you're looking for a terrific afternoon filled with a breathtaking experience, visit the ranch--your visit will help feed the residents and keep the gates open for both the guests & future "Lion Habitat" inhabitants.....

Really cool place, you can get fairly close to the lions.
Entry is $20, kind of expensive... Also, it's $200(!!!
) to spend six minutes with the lion cubs.
Overpriced?
YES.
Overall a nice family experience.

great experience and seeing the lions up close.
staff was all very friendly and this is definitely something to do at least once.
probably the closest i will ever come to meeting a 10 year old 500lb lion face to face within inches.
was also cool to see the cubs interacting.
staff is great in that they will engage with the lions while you are there so you can see them close up.

Fun place to take the kiddos for an hour.
A bit on the pricey side but I'm sure the upkeep and food bill for the lions is probably pretty pricey as well.
We had a good time.

Went for the first time yesterday.
Cool place.
Went with some friends to the Lions & Wine event, a fundraiser for the Boys & Girls Club.
Its a little off the beaten path but the event confirmation from the charity gave great directions.
Always have mixed feelings on animals in captivity, but really enjoyed watching the lions play and do their lion thang.
Since it was a special event, and people were socializing, I don't think we had the full experience of the Habitat.
I'll definitely go back again.

I love this place.
Staff is so friendly and knowledgeable.
Lions relax and lounge around their cages and seem to be enjoying the domesticated life.
Great place to take the kids.
The walk around the place doesn't take too long, even though there are a lot of Lions.
I think we were there for a little over an hour or so until the youngest in our group was over it.
The great thing is you can take as little or long as you like to go through it.
There's also a few random birds, one that talks (says hello), and an ostrich.
Highly recommend waiting for one of the trainers to go into one of the cages.
It is cool too watch them interact.
We also were pretty lucky as they had baby cubs at the time and we got to watch them eat.
Price= $20 for 1 adult + kid is pretty reasonable, but $200 for six minutes with a lion cub is outrageous.
There's also a $5 discount on the last Sunday of the month for locals.
I was also invited to a wine tasting event that raised money for the boys and girls club.
Great venue for an event like that.

Best place ever!
I wish they had a frequent visitors pass because I would go every weekend.
The lions are so well taken care of and the staff is super friendly.
I always tell people to come here when they are visiting in town also.
If your in Vegas it's worth checking out.
I am a huge animal love and I can't get enough of this place!

I had seen The Lion Habitat a few months back on the morning news and wanted to go ever since.
The cubs on the news were so adorable.
Yesterday i was finally able to go.
It was such a fun experience.
The staff were informative and friendly.
I'm sure they've answered the same questions a hundred times but it didn't show.
It is true that most of the lions are laying around sleeping but the ones who were out were worth it.
The cubs were already 7 months old but still adorable.
The trainer was in the cage with them but most were sleeping in the shade.
Only one wanted to play.
There is one habitat that has a family in it with three kids that I believe were around a year and a half years old.
At one point the dad was playing with one of the kids.
Our favorite lion was probably Lucky.
He is beautiful and huge and not even full grown yet.
He also didn't like my boyfriend.
Every time he moved Lucky would growl at him.
We were also there for when the lions are all roaring.
It started on the other side of the habitat and finally got to the cage that we were in front of.
When we left it started again and we could hear it from the parking lot.
Overall I'm glad we got away from the strip to see this.
I liked their facebook page to keep updated when there are more cubs.
I'm tempted to do the $200/6 minutes.
Also, we want to come back to see Lucky fully grown.
He was truly beautiful.

Wow!!
I had no idea this place even existed.
A friend suggested it when I was looking for ideas of things to do on a day we were going to be in Henderson.
I figure if we were driving all the way down there (from Centennial Hills), we might as well make a day of it.
This place was fantastic.
So much fun.
The staff was so friendly.
The lions were adorable.
It was a hot day and a lot of the lions were being lazy and keeping to the shade but we still got some great interaction with a few.
I'm so happy we know about this place now.
We'll for sure be heading back down there.

This is a great place to go.
Many lions to see.
Staff were very friendly and knowledgeable.
They have a "feeding" program,  so my 11 yr old son was able to hand feed a lion!!!
It was an amazing experience!
We will be back .

