Poor customer service... they barely glance up when you walk in the door.
I am sure this prime location costs a lot in rent, so you would think they would be better with greeting customers and making sure they get served promptly.
So not the case.
Walked in, was told to wait for 5 minutes, over 20 minutes later, still no service and no acknowledgement.
Extremely disrespectful.

Unprofessional and poor customer service is an understatement.
It took the technician about 10 minutes to realize I was there.
When she finally looked up from texting  she inquired "what you want?!
" Then after learning i'd just like a simple manicure and pedicure she informed me NOT that they did not have appointment available, or that they were busy but instead stated " I don't have time for you now," and inquired if I could come back in 45 minutes, a little put off, I agreed.
I returned 45 minutes later and she acted like she didn't recognized me from 45 minutes earlier and said I'd have to wait and asked AGAIN if I could come back 45 minutes later!!!
I choose this location because it is extremely close to campus and thought it would be a nice little break in my study day, but the time spent waiting for an appointment that wasn't going to happen because this moron at the desk can't get it together will make it a location that I am sure to never return too and attempt to actually receive a service, and will be on the warpath to advise anyone else not to go and waste their time.
RIGHT DOWN THE STREET IS DOWNTOWN SALON PHOENIX, I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THEM, THERE SERVICE AFTER THIS ORDEAL WAS IMPLACABLE!

Always friendly service.
Never really have to wait even when I walk in.

I was a little reluctant to try this place after reading the reviews, but I was in need of a mani/pedi and I live within walking distance I gave it a try.
I'm really glad I did!
The service was friendly and so were the other customers.
I got a gel manicure and regular pedicure.
They were offing 20% off that day so I think my total was less than $50.
It's been a little over a week and my nails still look great, no chipping or anything.
My only complaint is they did they manicure and pedicure separate, I usually like when they can do both at once - saves time.
I'll be going back for sure!

Same exact experience as Whitney A.
Lady: "What you want"  Me: "Do you guys have time today to do a manicure pedicure?
" (Its 4 pm, they close at 7)  Lady: "No"  Me: "Ok.....should I come back?
When do you guys close?
"  Lady: "We close at 7, the last one we'll do is 6"  Me: "Ok I'll come back later?
"  Lady: "You can come back tomorrow"  Me: "No thanks" [throws up peace sign]  LOL a simple were booked for the rest of the day would have sufficed.
It wasn't too bad when they first openend..but now, maybe they can't handle how busy they are?
Eh, i'll just find something else.

1st time for everything.
I happened to be downtown so I decided to check this place out.
This was my first time in.
I was the first customer of the day with no appointment.
I was kindly greeted and asked what services I wanted.
I requested an eyebrow waxing and polish change.
I was taken to a small room that had a waxing table.
The room was neat and clean.
My eyebrows came out nice.
The tech followed my directions on how I wanted them neatly shorten.
She then took me to the nail spa chair to paint my toes which came out nice.
I brought my own polish thought they have a variety of colors to choose from.
The cost of my services was $12.00 for the waxing and $10 for the polish change.
Overall I was happy with the service, experience and the final results.
Would not hesitate to come again.

Moriah's staff is extremely friendly and do a wonderful job, leaving you feel pampered and looking your best.

NEW OWNERS AS OF NOVEMBER 2013!
New owners, Theresa and Lonn are SUPER nice.
They place a huge emphasis on customer service and comfort of their customers.
Salon is very clean and they even have new nail colors and gel colors as well.
They have even switched over to LED (vs.UV) lights for faster drying time on gel polish.
Highly recommend!

Great nail salon in downtown.
I stopped in for a pedicure with no appointment and they were able to take me right away.
Overall the staff was friendly and knowledgable.

They did a great job with a color change!
Plus my nail polished lasted for about 2 weeks without chipping!
Not bad!
Really nice ladies in there; fast and efficient!

I decided to come here after reading a few not-so-great reviews because it was close to me and more convenient than driving anywhere else.
When I got there, there was a line of people waiting for services, many chairs open and only about 2-3 nail techs working.
I was not greeted when I walked in and sat down.
A few minutes later, one of the techs told me they didn't have time and to come back in an hour.
It was awkward, but I came back because my day was completely free.
When I came back, the nail tech wasn't very friendly and didn't say much, but did a good job on acrylic nails.
I went back to get them re-done about a month or so later just to see if the unfriendliness was a fluke (they did do decent nails), and right when I walked in the door she said they were too busy and told me to make an appointment for another day.
I needed my nails done that day...not later.
So I walked out and the lady was yelling after me.
Very unprofessional.
I drove somewhere else out of my way and have never gone back since.
Just because it is closer, does not mean it is better!
This is one of the worst salons customer-service wise that I have ever been to.

This place is close by so I thought I would try it out.
My normal nail salon is at Christown mall and Rose the pedicurist is the best so I came in here with high expectations.
We were greeted when we came in and were able to make a walk in appointment.
The place is bright and clean.
The man at the desk was friendly enough and we got in earlier than we planned.
From there the experience was less than I had hoped.
I got the basic pedicure and the price was good compared to Scottsdale and other downtown locations.
The nail and cuticle trim was very rushed and so was the foot scrub and massage.
She did not put in any effort to remove ingrown nail at all.
My friend had a full pedicure package and was cut too close and had an infection in the next three days.
I waited patiently for my friend to finish while watching shoppers pass by at Arizona center.
I don't know if the pedicurists were rushed or if this is the quality of work, but this experience was worse than expected.
Overall, I was impressed with the all appearances but the work was disappointing.
Although I can walk here, I would rather drive fifteen minutes to get a thorough job at my other salon.

