This gym has plenty of space to workout and not feel like you're on top of anyone.
They have a large selection of cardio and weight lifting machines as well as free weights and bench press and squat stations.
It's all you could ask for from a gym that is $10 a month and $1 down.

The location is clean and the staff friendly.
The personal trainers are top notch.
All in shape with a variety of specialties.

Great new gym.
I have been going there since end of last year and have nothing but great things to say.
Awesome cardio machines with TVs, fans, and iPhone/ipod chargers on them.
(If you have iPhone 5, you are sol.).
The weight machines are new and well cleaned.
Free weights are awesome and they have enough to make sure all the bros can get their bi's and tri's ripped.
Staff is friendly and locker rooms are clean and well stocked.
Biggest perk is month to month option, so if you are looking for a transitional gym or even a permanent gym, but are afraid of commitment you fit is for you!

This is my first week here.
So far, so good.
Since it's pretty new, the facility is clean and nice.
The machines are awesome, with built in TVs, charging dock (not for iphone 5 though) and modern display of functions.
Weight areas are nice too.
There isn't a big stretching area, and locker rooms are kind of small, but for the price that's fine with me.
I've seen some people complain about hidden fees on the price... just read the contract online, it's all there.
Read it to know what you are getting into.
Even though the month-to-month fee goes up $5 after a year, it's still less than other memberships.
The staff at the front desk are friendly.
I will say though, after my 3rd visit, I was contacted by a trainer.
And wow, was he pushy.
I know they are all like this, they have to do their job.
But he would just not take no for an answer, and this irritates me.
I had to put up with this at LA Fitness as well.
I want to go to the gym free of pressure from trainers hovering.
I hope they will eventually understand I don't want their training service (even if it's free!).
Just leave me be and stop hounding members.
For that, I gave it 4 stars.

The equipment is always clean and the staff is friendly except for one of the morning girls...
I am sure they can figure out which one because the other one is like the sweetest girl ever.
How can  I complain though LA Fitness blows aside from basketball.
The ONLY thing I would change is: Waterless urinals,the last thing I want to see is some leftover disco bush with an aeroma scent of another mans duck butter.

This is the cleanest gym I have ever been to.
They are constantly cleaning the place.
I am glad they finally put a fitness center in Old Town.
This is a great place to get some cardio done and lift some weights.
This isn't the place you a person looking for classes.
They do offer personal training but at additional costs.
I must go here a lot because the staff remembers my name.
I love the cardio equipment.
Each piece has a fan and TV.
This is a place where you can get in and out for your workout.

I just joined yesterday so it's a little early for a review.
But I have to say my first workout went without a hitch.
The girl at the front desk was nice.
I joined and paid online so she took my picture, handed me a key card and I was free to workout.
Loved the no pressure...so far.Her name begins with Key- (I told her I would forget it.
sorry)  I found it slightly uncomfortably warm in the cardio area and then discovered the HUGE fan circulating over the weight machines.
That's got to be the biggest fan I have ever seen, but why only one in the entire gym?
That fact might lead to less cardio and more weights on future workouts.
I'll update soon.
I loved how everything was new and clean.
Best of all- no dirty feet smell in the locker room like at every LA Fitness to which I have ever gone.
Yes, the purple and green are BRIGHT, but didn't bother me.
I went on a Sunday afternoon and it was practically empty.
I got Rockstar parking outside the front door.
The treadmills have personal tvs and fans, but I couldn't figure out how to attach my headphones so I couldn't listen to it.
Next time.

If it were possible to give negative stars I would.
I got a flyer of a 1.00 down offer and decided to take a look over one year ago.
They had a tent out front and I started asking questions.
I wasn't able to even go inside but I paid the 1.00.
I was told we would not be charged until we went for the first time and check in.
THESE GUYS ARE CROOKS JUST LIKE EVERY OTHER GYM.
I now have a collection company calling me demanding payment for a balance in which I legally did not run up.
We have never been there to this day but we still get calls.
BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY

Very clean, all the equipment is in excellent condition and the hours are good.
Month to month is only $10 plus a $39 sign up fee.
Diverse clientele

Five stars as soon as they add toilet seat covers and have a female check the bathroom OFTEN to wipe down the ALWAYS wet counter.
GROSS!
Julia at the front desk kindly told me I could use toilet paper to cover the seats... Gee thanks...
So let's waste skinny little pieces of very thin toilet paper instead of seat covers.
duh!
The way it is now, the male who cleans the women's restroom has to close the bathroom each time for at least ten minutes...SO ANNOYING when you really gotta go!!!
Okay, I have learned that "We Are Green" means disregard germs in bathrooms.
GROSS!
I have asked for paper towels to wipe the wet counters, but according to Manager Trevor, corporate policy says NO paper towels because they are a "green company".
I hope this changes!!
Trevor told me I am the first person to bring this to his attention and will see to it that the bathroom is checked by a female employee every 1/2 hour.
Oh, and what's with hanging your car/house key on a pegboard by the front door so anyone can walk off with your keys...and car?!
Dumb idea!
After reading all of the reviews mentioning hidden costs...like a $30 cleaning fee (say what?!
), I need to check my bank account.

I go to this gym and I haven't had a problem with it.
It's always so clean and the staff are extremely friendly.
One thing that I wish this gym had was a stair master.
They have multiple machines but no stair master.
Get to it youfit!
Now I have to change gyms... Other than that it's great.

Lots of equipment... many, many cardio machines and lots of variety on the weight machines.
Even with a ton of treadmills and ellipticals, this place can get full in the evenings.
One thing they don't have are stair climbers.
=/   But their treadmills have fans in them, which I love!
And I can watch Food Network while I climb my fat-burning hills.
;-)  The place is always clean and the employees have a friendly vibe.
I bought my membership online, and when I went in the first time no one showed me around, so I can't really comment on the rest of the place ...
I go in, get my sweat on, and go home!
You should too!

Lots of equipment.
Super cheap memberships- and the trainers/staff don't bother you at all, which is nice.
I can fiddle around with a weight machine like an idiot for 5 minutes without anyone giving me dirty looks- which is awesome.
Even at peak hours this location still isn't too crazy!
Lots of open machines.
My only complaint are the lame-o's that just want to post on a piece of equipment for like 15 minutes.
You do not need that much time to cool down from your reps!
GTFO!

Don't bother.
If you see my other reviews I only try to leave positive feedback and deal with companies directly when I have a bad experience...   Like many people, I was drawn to the low monthly fees and relatively new facility.
When I signed up it was just: Sign here, initial here, date here ect.
I WISH I HAD READ THE FINE PRINT.
They don't tell you about an annual maintenance fee or they will raise the rates on you.
(My mistake for not reading fine print).
But what really ticked me off is the charge you to cancel.
I moved to another state and when I tried to cancel on the phone, they told I needed to have a certified letter sent or they wouldn't let me cancel.
Who has time to go to the post office to cancel a $15/month membership??
Just ridiculous.
You know that saying, "you get what you pay for?
" - Well I recommend spending a bit more money and finding a gym that will work with you and not try to steal every last dollar from their customers.
I hope this review deters anyone considering this shady business.

Stuck with a gym that stinks in all aspects.
From Fine Print, Equipment to Fees.
I am happy to say, I only owe two more months aka $40.00 and one more walk in to sign my cancellation.
Then I will finally be done with these dirty gyms.

