More like 3.5 stars but id rather give an extra .5 for a locally owned place than take it away.
Hubby & i have been coming here for years.
Its a dive for sure, with kitchy 50s decor that looks like it may have been here since the 50s, but i like that sort of thing.
They even have a jukebox playing oldies :)  The service is usually friendly, the food is ok but nothing to write home about.
Its decent though, fills your belly, and is relatively cheap.
Kids meals are only $2.65 each, and theyll give you coloring pages if you ask.
Its a very casual atmosphere that makes me & my gang of kids feel welcome.
Bigger portions, Lots of choices & they accomodate substitutions with no problem.
Try the homemade pumpkin nut bread, also the homemade "chips".
Theres a reason we come here several times a month.
Maybe a 4 stars after all :)

Just when you think there are no more real homestyle-cooked breakfast spots in the Valley, you find 50's Diner.
Nestled in a medium sized strip mall, this restaurant offers some of the tastiest dishes I have been able to find in Las Vegas.
The fact that they pile on the food helps a ton as well!
This quaint diner is geared towards those of us looking for food that is NOT thawed and out of a box and put on a plate, so the staff here takes pride in offering tasty dishes made with the freshest ingredients for breakfast, brunch and lunch.
Their coffee is freshly ground and the taste is arguable the best for a cup of coffee in Sin City.
Loli (our waitress) and Alberto (owner) are there every day (at least it seems like it!
) and they make sure you are very well taken care of and that your food comes out just the way you ordered it.
My favorite item to order here is an omelette.
Which one you ask?
Any!
Their omelets are offered in the small and large size (3/6 eggs) and whichever one you pick will please your tastebuds with amazing flavors.
Not in the mood for breakfast?
Try their daily special (always good) burgers, sandwiches or their chili...just as good and awesome-tasting and their breakfast.
Oh, and I think I forgot to mention...their portions are generous to say the least!

Formerly an Omelette House establishment, this place changed names and kept some of the Omelette House menu.
I had the Benedict with Hash Browns and a side of biscuit/gravy.
Hash was crispy and the benedict was okay.
The biscuit is not made from scratch, but the gravy is and has a good sausage flavor.
Good service gives an extra star.

I truly enjoy this place and this is definitely my go-to with my friends for Breakfast!
I love the decor on the walls.
Old pictures of Elvis, old Las Vegas street view and also old posters which give an extra "hommie" feeling to this place.
When it comes to the food, especially breakfast food, they are amazing!
At our visit this time, I ordered 2 pancakes specials which comes with two eggs and bacon or sausage at your choice.
My friend ordered Blueberry french toast.
I enjoy mine but I have to say his is just over the top, hands down the best french toast I have ever had!
The toast is rich in butter covered with fresh blueberry sauce.
It tastes amazing!
I can't wait to come back next time!

We are always looking for different spots around town to try out, so we don't get caught up going to the same places over and over.....
Looking for a different Breakfast/Brunch/Lunch spot?
Add the 50's Diner to your rotation.
Our waitress Veronika was awesome which totally added to our 5-star experience.
A former Omelet House, this establishment has been in business for about 18 years, and is run by Veronika, her dad, and her husband crankin' out all the tasty menu selections.
We were in the mood for breakfast, and I noticed that they offer two types of pancakes-Buttermilk and Sweet Cream.
The difference, as Veronika put it-"Do you want deliciousness?
or AWESOMENESS?
(Sweet Cream).
So we ordered up a plate of Awesomeness with two eggs and sausage.
We had to glance at the lunch selections and also ended up sharing The California-a grilled chicken breast sandwich with avocado and jalapeno bacon and decided to get it with Spuds, or The 50's Diner version of Potato Chips.
Veronika was also nice to have the spuds cooked two ways-Soggy, her favorite, and Crispy, so we could try them both, and IMO, both ways were equally good!
the sandwich was tasty, and the sweet cream pancakes are among my favorite in town(My other fave pancake being at Du-Pars.
The Apple Pie A la mode was a great ending , and we will most definitely be back!
Great food, Great service, and as they say, "The Friendliest Diner Around"....They ain't lyin'......ALOHA!!!

I really can't believe we just now stumbled on this place after being in the valley for a quite some time.
This place has a great 50s feel to it and is very welcoming.
The owners daughter was our wonderful server and her husband the genius cook.
We came in an hour before closing and there was only one other couple so I'm assuming the rush was over but I'm sure this place gets packed earlier on.
We ordered lunch and breakfast.
We ordered the California Sandwich which consisted of grilled chicken breast, lettuce/tomato, mayo, jack cheese, avocado and jalapeno bacon on toasted sourdough bread accompanied by homemade kettle chips which they call spuds.
Since it was our first time here without even asking us our server had the some of the spuds cooked crispy and soft so we could decide for ourselves on our favorite cooking style...wow!
I really appreciated her doing this and for the record my favorite spuds are the crispy ones but my husband liked the soft one so now we know for next time to ask for half-n-half.
We also ordered their pancake breakfast which comes with a short stack, 2 eggs any style, and sausage or bacon.
You have the choice of buttermilk or cream pancakes.
So we went with the highly recommended cream pancakes.
And we were not disappointed.
They are good old fashion pancakes with a hint of sweetness and just marvelous!
And since there is always room for dessert we shared apple pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream...yumm !
There menu is very extensive so we can't wait to come back and try some of their other menu items!

I'm always on the lookout for new places to try for lunch...and after seeing Nelson Q. rave about the 50's Diner and how it was locally owned I decided to give it a try.
Decor wise it's literally a 50's Diner...it's not as glitzy as places closer to Las Vegas Blvd.
But if you judge a book by it's cover you're going to miss out on a gem.
Service?
Phenomenal.
This is a family owned business and it shows.
But as good as it is to support small, family owned businesses it's all about the food.
So does this diner get it done?
Yes they do.
They have a pretty good menu with a lot of items but I'm from the Midwest so when trying something new I tend to stick with the classics like in this case a 3 egg omelet, with sourdough toast and potato slices.
I'm not a big potato fan but these slices were a nice change from the usual hash browns you see so much of.
I went with a California omelet and was very pleased with it.
Lots of chicken, peppers, avocado...it was really filling and really good.
I want to go back and try their sandwiches and other items on the menu.
I'm glad I read Nelson's comments and took the time to check this place out.
4 Stars.
I will be back.

This review is for 4.5 stars.
When I think of going out for breakfast, I don't think of the chains first (IHOP, Denny's, or Coco's), I think of the little local places, like Omelet House, Jamms, and now this place.
This family-owned restaurant is located across the street from our Vet's (DI Animal Hospital) and over the years, I've wondered how good it was, noticed that there were always cars in the parking lot.
Saw the menu online, www.menusearch.net (good prices!
) when I did a search recently (friday night) and wanted to scope it out for an upcoming event.
No, it's not related to the other Omelet House restaurants, but there are some similarities.
(1) You can get spuds, and (2) substitute freshly baked pumpkin bread for the bread choice @ 99 cents, you can't go wrong.
There are breakfast specials, $4.99 and under, at the top of the menu (these are updated prices, from the menu online).
Add 99 cents for weekend prices.
Also, (3) like the Omelet House, this restaurant closes at 3 pm.
But you can get breakfast for lunch here, if you like (don't remember if you can get breakfast for lunch there).
I ordered the country scrambler- ham, onions, mushrooms, & cheddar cheese.
The pumpkin bread and butter came first; it was pretty good, but only had one bite so I could eat my meal without being full.
The spuds were seasoned lightly and very crispy, golden brown, ("better than theirs" our server, Veronica said, as we placed our order), and yes, we agreed!- Sometimes the competition's spuds are a little oily and soggy at the bottom.
Unlike the competition's large servings (and hence the higher prices), it was just right for me.
My husband got the chicken philly sandwich, and I had a bite, it was pretty good, a little ooey gooey (melted cheese on a philly is a good sign), and he finished every bite, too, scooping up the fallen onions and peppers with a fork.
Also, my husband helped me finish the bread.
Needless to say, was satisfied, and glad that I did my research online friday night.
There is a pretty good size menu, lots of yummy selections.
I want to try the stuffed french toast next time, or maybe the corned beef hash (my favorite).
Lots of items average about $6.00 generally for breakfast, and about $8.00 for lunch.
Omelets you can have either Small or Large.
Lunch is sandwiches, burgers, chili, soup, salads, and also a kids menu.
The atmosphere is totally 1950s, the decor on our side of the wall was Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe, & James Dean.
On the opposite wall are record covers.
While there was oldies music playing, we also heard hits from the 1970s too.
Old fashioned floor, black & white blocks.
The bathrooms are marked "His" and Hers".
There isn't a baby changing station but I used the stool with a couple seat covers on top (hey, mom's have to be creative sometimes).
It was a particularly hot day yesterday and there weren't too many patrons for lunch, a few other parties besides us.
Clean too.
This is a casual place, seat yourself- lots of booths & tables too.
Our server was super nice and when the baby toppled over the glass of water all over the table, she wasn't annoyed, she just acted really fast, and got assistance from two others there.
No biggie.
With tip, the bill for both of us was $20.00.
No longer curious, eager to go back again, this is a little gem in the desert.
It's one of those little places that could be featured on DDD, but at the same time, don't want the secret ot be out, either.

Great food, great staff.
Good for the wallet too.
Only open until 3...
So get in early!

I've only been here once but will added to my usual rotation.
The food was excellent and the service was beyond great.
I had the popeye omelet and ordered the small as it's a 3 egg omelet but the cooks accidentally made me a large (6 eggs), it was phenomenal, perfectly fluffy.
The sourdough toast was really good too.
Everyone else with my that day enjoyed their omelets as well.
More outstanding than the food was the service.
The second we walked in we were seating and asked for our drink order.
The refills were constant and they brought out my 4 year old's food right away so he wouldn't have to wait.
Prices are incredibly reasonable we spent $60 for 3 adults and 1 child including a 20% tip.
The ambience is that of a family owned diner from the 50's, the furniture and decorations make you feel like you're back in that time, and they have a malt shop, I will be back soon to try their shakes.

I was expecting to like this place more.
It has a good amount of seating and was clean.
I was seated and approached nearly immediately for my drink order.
So, that was a nice start.
To eat, I had the chicken fried steak breakfast with biscuit and gravy substituted for the toast.
The gravy had a lot of sausage in it, but lacked seasoning overall.
I peppered it up pretty good and it wasn't half bad.
I would say with seasoning it could be an above-average pepper cream gravy.
But, the lack of seasoning was apparent.
The biscuit was good, but I couldn't finish it.
The bottom half was too tough to cut, so I only had a part of it.
The top half (that wasn't too hard) was a solid biscuit.
The chicken fried steak was a decent diner style version.
It's a lot of food, but I don't think it's homemade.
The spuds are similar to Omelet House's version of this dish, as many yelpers note.
I would agree that these are better, they were larger and nearly all fully fried.
There were no soggy ones, which can be annoying at OH.
But, like the gravy, there was not nearly enough seasoning.
So, they ended up tasting like ketchup, hot sauce, salt and pepper, which is what I used to season them.
Overall, it's a solid value, but I was not blown away.

I go here ocassionally for breakfast.
Good food and today excellent service.
I had the Bisquit & Gravey Platter (yea I know) and it was gr8.
The prices are reasonable too.
I keep going back and I can recommend that you try it.

I thought this place would be worth checking out because it's different.
The food was average.

Dont understand the rating food was very average.
Diner itself could use a good cleaning!

Today is thanksgiving I was pleased to find they were open for breakfast and lunch, the staff is very friendly and attentive, the food is great, prices are reasonable.i have found my new hangout other than the neighborhood Thai restaurant.
Thank you 50's staff for starting my thanksgiving 2013 off great!
Happy thanksgiving to you all.
I will be back very soon to try your lunch menu   :)

Great place for breakfast.
Every omelette you can imagine.
We were visiting Las Vegas for Christmas and this is a great place away from the strip.
Great food and great service and not overly priced.

Came here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning.
I had thw meat lovers omelet.
My wife had the build your own.
Good food.
Good service.
Not expensive.
Not a lot of healty choices for breakfast (oatmeal), but if you like a good omelet, you can't go wrong here.

Love this place, quick and friendly service and the food is delish.
But the best part by far is the environment.
It gives so much entertainment while you eat and you can tell it's a regular spot for a lot of people :)

We come here every time we are in Vegas.
It is a old, greasy spoon diner.
The service has always been fantastic and the breakfast is wonderful.
Always upgrade to the pumpkin bread, it is to die for.
If you like spicy, the jalapeño bacon is excellent.

YUM!
Love this place.
The service is great.
Live me some Angie with her crazy nails.
Feels like a down home place.
I enjoyed my breakfast very much.
Great place to bring kids or a large group.

Love it here !
Went here with my family and they gave us such great service ,very friendly staff and great food .

My hubby and I absolutely *LOVE* this place!
The food is delish, the portions are bigger than most (so make sure you come with an appetite) and the staff is friendly!
The whole feel of the place is so vintage- and 50's (literally!).
The price isn't bad either!
Overall, a great place to have breakfast or brunch.

We have been dining here for over 4 years now and the staff is constantly producing great diner food and service.
Our first experience for dinner was really great.
My suggestion is to try the fried zucchini, and the california grilled chicken sandwich.

Thought we would try this out one afternoon.
I got the chicken fried steak and eggs and my fiancé got a blt.
We both loved the food!!
Prices were decent!
I am a budget shopper.
And our waitress was amazing!!
We will definitely be visiting this place again!

Sandwiches are awesome and the price and customer service are unmatched.
Definitely a place to stop at when in Vegas

I wish this place was closer!
No pretensions, just good comfort food in comfortable booths in yes, comfortable pink walls dotted with vintage posters.
My son and I were greeted with smiles and 50s beach music.
I'm all fuzzy inside.
There really was nothing to fault between the iced coffee and pulpy OJ, to the bacon and soft spud chips (you can order them crisp) to the warm and efficient service.
I really enjoyed the hint of parsley seasoning on the chips and the sweet cream pancakes are GOOD.
So far, the best in Vegas in my book (I enjoyed them more than Du-par's too).
Fluffy and tasty with whipped salty butter and syrup that is a little runny but still good.
We'll be back to try the other menu items, especially the apple pie ala mode!

We were on this side of town lookin for a good place to eat.
Went straight to yelp as I always do & came across this cute little 50s diner.
Decor inside is pretty neat.
The walls are pink, there's a juke box there (don't know if it works, paintings & pictures that's 50s related.
Very cute.
Variety on the menu.
I decided to get the Mexican omelet.
You get to choose if you want 3 or 6 eggs.
Of course I picked the 3 lol.
I decided to substitute the toast for biscuits and gravy.
That was a good decision.
They also have home made potato chips that comes with the meal which was surprisingly pretty good.
Beau got the French toast special.
Didn't really try it but he said it was really good.
Comes with eggs and sausage or bacon.
Good breakfast place to go to if your in the area!
Our waitress was great too.
She only came by to check on us once or twice though but we really didn't need anything.

I've been eyeing this place for a while now, and I finally resolved to try it today.
I'm glad I did.
There's some wordage outside saying that this is Omelet House 50's Diner.
One of the employees mentioned that they used to be owned by Omelet House a long time ago, and it really shows in the menu.
All those omelets are pretty much the same, and there's plenty of other typical diner options for breakfast and lunch.
I was being a little budget-minded.
I was sad that the "early bird" 1/2 sandwich and soup special advertised outside (~$5) was only available starting at 2 (and going until 6?
) so I went for the two egg breakfast special instead (available all day for $4.99) with spuds, bacon, my choice of scrambled eggs, and a $0.89 substitution of the pumpkin nut bread for the toast.
That pumpkin nut bread was probably my favorite thing, with a rich flavor complemented by my liberal addition of butter and the sweetness of the baked-in raisins.
The eggs were moist, the bacon was good if a little modestly sized.
The spuds were very similar to what I've had at Omelet House, and they're basically really thick chips.
Would've liked if they were all somewhat crunchy, but some were chewy and some were a bit overdone.
Really though, none of the menu options really will break the bank.
It's solid American Food with a retro feel, including the music.
I'll have to try it again some time.
I think it's a good alternative for lunch in the area if you ever want a change of pace from Thai Food To Go.

I've read really good reviews on this place and today (Mother's Day) I decided to bring my sisters for breakfast!
Loved the theme "50's" also enjoyed the fact that oldies were playing as background music!
It was a little too crowed but service was great and very attentive!
They also have a sign that reads "the friendliest diner" very true!
Our server was very attentive and quick!
Thumbs up!
So I ordered the short stack pancakes "wheat" these pancakes were soo fluffy and full of flavor!
Sucked I couldn't finish them but I'd definitely be back as there is more to choose from!
It's super affordable very great food and service!

Mexican omelet- the best omelet I've ever had.
Great bacon, awesome potato slice/chip/hash brown things!
Fast and friendly.

the best diner so far!
i live the food and the atmosphere!
people are awesome there.
i must say its a hidden gem in vegas!
price is very reasonable.
calm quite neigbourhood and a perfect beginning of a day!
i will go back there tomorrow again!

Omg, this place is so amazing!
The waitresses and staff are always so inviting, and warm!
The food is also really great.
I usually come in for Breakfast.
"The Mexican" omelet Is my absolute fave!!
Don't even get me started on the spuds!
Friggin' delicious!!
Lunch is also really good.
Usually if I go there for lunch I get the "Turkey Club" or the, "Big Daddy Wamo".
50's Diner is without a doubt, one of the best spots around.
Fuck IHOP and Denny's.

