Not bad for airport fare, but the best thing about it was the packets of Grey Poupon.
Had the French dip and basil pesto pasta salad side.
Better choice than the adjacent McDonald's.

The breakfast quiche and the croissants are really quite fine here.
The chocolate and almond croissant is off the hook!
This place takes "airport food" and makes the the "airport" part go away.
Good food and friendly service.

On my recent travels through terminal 4, I was delighted to see this slightly better option.
Ah, what a welcomed change!
I ordered a croque-monsieur and ate it there seated... the staff was helpful (the guy managing it was very kind and genuine in helping people decide on something).
The food itself was decent and good enough that I'd probably stop here again when in Terminal 4 to give them my business, especially if i'm looking for 'warm' food that isn't a Big Mac or a Pizza Hut pie.

I have to agree with Reed.
This place does take airport food, & make the "airport" go away.
We had a significantly above mediocre experience --and it was stellar for airport dining.
Not only were the employees very nice.
But our food was good, and we actually enjoyed our experience.
And believe me, we were grumpy because our nonstop flight somehow transformed into an undetermined delay in Phoenix that we were NOT planning on.
Having an nice place to dine at the airport, while we waited in frustration was very comforting.
I was able to order an omelette to my liking, sans any gluten or milk products, and my travel companion enjoyed a really delicious looking pasta.

Even with a brand new McDonalds next door, you can appreciate fine pastries and coffee.
The sandwiches are top notch!

I'm a vegetarian; got the pesto-tomato-mozz sandwich with side pasta salad (also pesto-y).
Very good.
Better than my lunch at the Four Seasons the day before!
Yay for airport food upgrades.
Agree with others that there was a very friendly guy working there who seemed to think he was working in a real restaurant.
:)  Wish I'd picked up a yummy looking pastry too.
Next time I'm at terminal 4 in PHX...

I had to give this place a five star.
The food and staff are better than any other options you have in the Airport.
The only down fall like many of the other establishments in the Airport is the lack of tables for customers to sit.
I recommend the Turkey Bristo, pretty good for a Airport sandwich.

Pretty incredible for airport food.

Excellent customer service.
Sandra is very sweet and accommodating.
A great place to stop for a quick and stress-free lunch.
Want to say this is better than some of the stand-alone La Madeleines I've visited before.

Customer service was good but food was sub par- it's airport food, I KNOW but it's a French style bistro w out bastardized version of French food.
All I wanted was some tasty French onion soup- all I got was onion soup.
Luckily it was replaced w tomato basil soon thereafter.
Also had the pasta la Madeleine- the chicken tasted sour and whoever is putting the decorations on the food dumped WAY too much parsley and tomatoes on top.
It just looked like they didn't care.
I didn't eat that much- if I wanted tabbouleh I would go to a Mediterranean place.
Not sayin that airport food is good, but I expect more out of la Madeleine.
Guess I was wrong to do so

Epic fail.
So I order a sandwich that clearly says it comes with Pesto on it, and instead comes drowned in mayo.
So I take it back to the counter, point out the error and they take it back.
I hear the manager correcting the staff, who mouths off to him.
The manager comes back and says that the fixed sandwich will be right back out.
They give me the same sandwich, with all the mayo still on it and a gallon of pink goo which I assume is the tomato Pesto.
Not going back again.
What a waste.

I don't expect much from airport food, however, I ordered a breakfast sandwich and it took over 10 minutes to make.
When you have 3 tables to sit at and everyone is standing around, you should be able to do better than 10 minutes for a breakfast sandwich.

So it came down to a choice between McDonalds and this place with a french ass name and pictures of croissants everywhere.
Since ive eliminated fast food from my life completely after graduating from college I figure i'd take a risk and try some breakfast here.
The menu is pretty extensive but I decided upon an omelet- with ham cheese and spinach wary that it would be the cheap eggs that terrible restaurants use.
I however was pleasantly surprised when I got my meal- it came with a rather large croissant and a huge 3 egg omelet that had great flavor and hit the spot.
The service here was good and attentive and also kept the french façade going when the told me to bon apetit.
The only 2 knocks on this place is the lack of refills on soda (1 dollar refills) and lack of hash brown or other side with an omelet.
Ill be back should I have some downtime at Sky Harbor

