So it may not be a high-end nail place,  but  the  staff is always friendly no matter how busy they are.
The prices are also reasonable and you can get a basic pedicure with a calf massage and scrub for $25.
Their  Special  Deluxe.Pedicure is  $35 and $40 for a more deluxe one if your feet are super dry like mine are after wearing sandals all summer.
They do get busy so it's best to make an appointment if you don't want to wait.

I just moved to Henderson from Los Angeles  and was looking for a clean shop where they knew what they were doing.
A classmate who always has crazy, unique manicures recommended this place.
I found Nick who gives amazing massages along with his impeccable manicures and pedicures.
His gel mani's are the best I have ever gotten and he always does a classy job.
The only downside is that this place is a bit pricey but that's because they include some extra services in the basic pedi package.
Also, you can't get your mani and pedi simultaneously so be prepared to spend 3 hours in the salon.
But the bottom line is I won't let anyone but Nick do my nails while I'm in the Las Vegas area.
This place rocks!

Nice clean shop.
Staff very nice not too chatty.
Pedicure and manicure were  done well and not too expensive.
Definitely would be a repeat customer.

I found this little shop when I was living near by and have never looked back.
I'm really particular when it comes to my eye brows, which I'm sure everyone is, and Lin Lin (owner) always remembers me and consults me on growing them out and what not.
Lin Lin and the other girls and guys at the shop always remember me and the other clients I see come in and they are overall just very attentive and genuinely nice.
As far as pedicures and manicures go, they're awesome at that as well.
LOVE the arm and foot massages that come with.
I've moved A LOT around Vegas and I've run into some pretty rude nail salons where you just know they're blatantly talking about you and just really unprofessional, you definitely don't run into this here.

best nail place I've been to in this part of town!
really great service here and quality work

This place is a dream!
Reasonable prices, clean salon and extra friendly, attentive employees who truly care about doing quality work.
Not once did I feel rushed or treated with anything but kindness and courtesy.
Lin, my technician and salon owner, took her time to give me literally the best pedicure and fill I've ever had.
Thank you Signature Nails for setting the precedent for how a nail salon should be operated!

Wow I can say I am the pickiest person when it comes to my nAils!
I've gone to 5 other nail salons here in the Vegas Henderson summerlin area and Lynn never lets me down.
It's a 45 minute drive from my house and it's more than worth it!
She shapes them exactly the way I want with the thickness I like too.
If you're gonna go anywhere I really suggest signature

I went in at 11 on a Sunday as a walk-in, right when they opened and was greeted and quickly helped.
My nail tech was Nick, he was very gentle, quick, thorough and detailed.
I don't think I've ever had a manicure so wonderful!
I had a classic manicure and left only paying $23 excluding the tip.
Overall; great service and great prices!

BE WARNED!
This shop lacks fully trained technicians.
I arrived promptly at 9:30 with only polish on my nails.
My manicure was an embarrassment.
My left hand had cuticles pushed back and trimmed; My right hand did not even though it was soaked and lotion was applied.
When I mentioned it she smiled and nodded at me but never made an attempt to completed it.
It took 3 attempts of putting on gel and removing it before she finally had another tech tell her she was using the wrong UV light.
I asked her not to oil my arms after paying $35 for a spray tan the day prior(she did anyways.
) after walking towards the exit after paying I noticed dings, half nails missing polish and dents in my nails.
I sat back down and she attempted to fix it with another coat of clear.
NO COLOR.
I'm furious at this point, give her a $2 tip and walk out at 11.16.
It took over an hour and a half to paint my nails!
2 days later 3 nails on my left hand have snagged and ripped 2 nails on my right have done the same and overall 5 nails have gel peeling up.
My first and last experience with them.

