This place is my guilty pleasure.
If I'm hungover, or if I feel like staying in and watching a film, knowing that I'm going to be picking up a pizza from this place is better than how I feel post 10K run (silly comparison but you know what I mean!).
The Three Coins is a tiny pizza take away shop in the heart of Tollcross.
The individual who owns/runs/operates this place is a great Tollcross character.
He's Italian or Turkish and has some very funny chat!
There's something about this pizza that makes it addictive.
It's as if he fries the crust - it's something I can't explain!
Nonetheless, it's delicious!
Pizzas run from 5 - 8 pounds and either 10 or 12 inches.
The pizza is also done within 5 mins - super fast!
There's not more you could want from a local pizzeria.
I'm a big fan of this place and intend to be a regular!

Whenever I feel like pizza (which is often) I immediately think of paying the Three Coins a visit.
This is my favourite pizza place in Edinburgh.
Actually, I'm going to go as far and say that it's my favourite pizza place full stop.
The fellow who owns and runs the shop makes the dough himself and makes it daily (it's homemade not a frozen base!!
)  Three Coins opens at 5pm and stays open late most nights.
Unfortunately there's not a place to really sit and enjoy a Three Coins pizza.
I (may) have a usual: chicken, pepperoni, red onions, jalapenos and garlic sauce.
I highly recommend that if you are in the Tollcross area and you find yourself hungry for some 'za that you visit the Three Coins.

I have finally got round to getting a pizza here after hearing so many good things from the lovely Shona!
And I wasn't disappointed!
Pizza was delicious, lovely thin fresh dough base, perfect amount of sauce and cheese and very generous with the toppings!
The service was very friendly and so fast!
Great value for money too compared to the big chain pizza companies and a lot higher quality!
I will definitely be returning very soon, just need to decide which toppings to try next time

Ate here while on vacation in Edinburgh and was too tired to go out.
After seeing the other reviews we decided to get a few pizzas.
The pizza was awesome!
The toppings were tasty and the crust was freshly prepared.
Had three different pizzas: one with mushrooms and pepperoni, one with chicken and pepperoni, and the last with all different types of meat and they were all fantastic.
For all three pizzas it was only like 23£ and fed four fat Americans.
I definitely would suggest it to anyone.

Handmade dough and fresh ingredients!
Very good pizza.
We had three different kinds - pepperoni, meat plus, and chicken with pepperoni.
Very good, very fresh, and very fast!
Highly recommended if looking for carry out pizza.
Note only cash accepted.

