Excellent service is what stands out to me for Project Pie.
Friendly staff and a commitment to customer satisfaction - more than the pizza itself - is what makes this place a gem.
Don't get me wrong, the pizza is pretty good, but the service is top notch.
Case in point - I ordered a $12 build-your-own pie yesterday for lunch.
When it arrived at my table, the manager came over and apologized that it got slightly burned around the edges.
I said it was no big deal, and he informed me that they were replicating my pie - that's right, an entire second one - for FREE for me to take.
How could I say no?!
With the build-your-own-option, you can literally put whatever you like on your 'za.
The roasted red peppers and artichoke hearts are definitely winners.
I removed pretty much all the chicken from my pie(s), though, because it was a little questionable and not so tasty.
Not sure I would go for any of the other meat toppings, actually.
But sticking to the cheeses and veggies is not a bad idea!
Good food and service for the money.

Found this place by accident, but it was a happy tummy accident.
The decor is trendy and clean, the sofa looks very comfy ( maybe that's the other reason for us to dine there after long day of walking.
)  Menu is simple, it was listed on the wall you can either by Number for some popular pie choices, or you can go with $12 to create your own pizza with unlimited toppings.
It is just like a Subway line, you will see the staff make the dough ( the machine will flat the dough) then you can pick all the fresh ingredients to add to the pie.The cook will put the pie to the open fire oven, about 5 minutes later, the pie is ready to eat.
We  were looking for a afternoon snack and this was just perfect, fresh made pie, the portion is good for 2 people to share.
we also add a Cesar sale for $5; as I was craving for some crisp veggie after huge meals in the trip.
A good place to take a break from the Strip and slot machines, while you are there, check out the interesting quotes on the wall.
Staff were very friendly, they came to tables and talk to all the guests.
So we learned this restaurant is only 6 weeks old, but they are already looking to expand to different states in the coming year.
Hope there will be one in S.CA soon.

Where have you been all of my life?
Seriously bro.
In all of about 3 minutes prepare to have your mind blown.
You can get a customized, fantabulous, mind blowing, perfect texture chewing, amazing tasting, anything you friggin' want on it pizza made.
Everything is fresh!
Including the dough!
Put all of this together and I think I may have a.
) fallen in love all over again, and b.
) found my (cue echo voice) favorite pizza place ever!
I love Project Pie and can't wait to go back.
They have all sorts of signature pizzas or you can venture on the wildside and build your own.
No matter what you order the price is the same.
I went with a customized extra cheese, pineapple, sausage, and meatball pizza for my first try.
I love that it's made flat bread style (not an actual flat bread, but thin crust), so you're getting a crispy pizza with 100% fresh ingredients made to order.
No frozen cheese or processed ingredients here.
Honestly, is $12 a little expensive for a personal pan pizza?
Maybe a touch.
But let's not forget we're on the Las Vegas Strip where a pizza with far less quality would probably cost twice as much.
And this isn't some mini-sized pizza that isn't enough grub for a 3 year old.
This is a good sized personal pizza that I struggled to get through.
So there is some value here.
The staff worked fast and was very friendly.
Definitely didn't feel like I was eating "fast food" even though the order came out quicker than a McDonald's double cheeseburger.
Do your pizza pallet a favor and make an effort to try this place out!

Had to check this place out because of the amazing smell!
Great place to eat in the MGM Grand with out breaking the bank!

Wow...
I've been curious about the whole "create your own pizza in front of you" concept for awhile, and this was not only neat to see, it was definitely great pizza.
Ordered up a pretty non-traditional BBQ chicken pizza, and watched as they pulled out the dough, pressed it in a machine, topped it off generously, and then finally sent it to the gas-oven to get cooked.
The final 12-inch pie that came out was super thin with a slight limp on the crust near the center, and crisp on the very outer edge.
Flavorful, fast, and quite fresh, I have to say this is some great pizza!
While some articles have the owner maketing this as "neapolitan like", I'd have to disagree and say that this is pretty far from a traditional neapolitan style pizza...
But that doesn't make it bad.... to the contrary, the pizza is delicious from crust to toppings.
If only I had more free time in Vegas, I would've come back for a few more meals.
Verdict:  If you're looking for a purist Neapolitan pie, this isn't it.
But if you want some delicious pizza that's fast, fresh, and flavorful, you've found your place.
It's a shame a gem like this is hidden in the lower levels of MGM.
I hope your business goes well and I look forward to coming back for more pizzas!

I am very picky about pizza.
This is awesome freshly made thin crust pizza!
Please open one in Mountains Edge!!
I have brought others here and they love it too!

This place is hidden down in the basement of MGM.
It's in between the self-park lot and the lobby.
The first thing I noticed is the restaurant is very Chipotle-ish.
There's a pretty simple menu, and everything is the same price.
We did a custom pizza, which is also very chipotle.
The put the raw dough in a big gadget thing that squooshes?
spins?
it out into a perfect circle.
They put some olive oil on it and asked what kind of sauce, if we wanted, then went down the line telling the guy what toppings we wanted.
They threw it in the open oven right behind the service line and our pizza came out shortly after.
Overall I gotta say the Pizza is really good.
The crust is nice, thin and crispy, just the way I like it.
If you like Deep-dish or thick crust pizza, this is not the place to go.
The toppings were all fresh and tasted great as well.
We got a Cesar salad for some extra greenage, but it was pretty bleagh.
Great job on the pizza, and an awesome friendly staff!

Looking for a quick late night spot?
This place does personal pizzas for $12 with unlimited toppings (you can split between 2 people).
They are cooked on a thin dough almost like a tortilla.
Which means it cooks quickly and has a nice crispy crunch!

This place is in the walkway from the parking garage into the main lobby of MGM Grand.
The place is pretty hip.
It has a modern diner feel.
Quotes are printed along the walls.
They have super low couches.
I'm 5'2 and Inhit my knee on the table a few times while waiting.
I Came here after Lady Gaga's concert with some friends.
We called to see what time they closed and it about 10 minutes.
Since the pizza's are designed by the consumer, we had to be there to place the order, so we ran downstairs and made it just in time.
The run there was definitely worth it.
We got there and they were totally cool, no one had a snotty attitude that we were there just as they were about to close.
They had great service.
They explained how everything worked.
There's a little menu on the window for you to choose from or you can build your own pizza.
You can get a personal cheese pizza for $10 or you can get whatever you want on your pizza for $12.
They have a spread which is a like a butter sauce, so if you don't want red sauce, you have another option.
The toppings include different cheeses, italian sausage, chicken, red peppers, yellow peppers, artichokes, Gorgonzola, , mushrooms, bell peppers, pineapple, black olives, pesto, garlic and more.
I got half cheese with green bell peppers and pineapple, which tasted really good.
The other half was bbq chicken which was not mine, but was tasty to my friend.
The pizza is made thin and has crispy edges, which is something I love when I eat pizza.
The crunch is not too much but just right.
I'm so glad we got to eat here.
Now I know where to go whenever I go back to MGM.

yay, my 100th review!
Glad I'm writing a positive review for Project Pie in the MGM Grand.
Their pizzas are one of the best deals on the strip!
For 12$ you get to build your own pizza with unlimited toppings and its ready in less then 5 minutes.
Awesome.
I ate there twice.
The pizzas are all one size, thin crust, i was able to share with friend and still was full, but if i was really hungry i could have inhaled the entire pizza myself.
They have your standard toppings and also some more less common toppings like roasted bell peppers, Gorgonzola cheese, and dates.
I thought their toppings were high  quality.
The only complaint that I had was that both times the pizza could have come out a lot hotter.
I think because I piled on a ton of toppings  it didn't get heated thru all the way in there brick oven.
I'm sure I could have brought it to their attention and they would have heated up for me, but it really wasn't that bad , it still tasted super good.
The staff at project pie were all very cheerful and attentive.
Its located on the lower level between self park and escalators up to the lobby.
Odd location so they don't get that busy.
I'm sure if location was more  central they would be full house all the time.
but nice, modern, hip vibe.
I will definitely be back!

SO GOOD!!!
Sausage, Mushrooms and basil... and it came out QUICK!!!
The size is just right for 2 and the price was reasonable for a resort pizza place.
Everyone working on this stop was friendly and helpful.
I wanted to hug each of them.
If you are in a hurry, this is an excellent stop.
if you want to sit and people watch, you are in luck as well.
ENJOY!!!!

What a simple and fun concept.
You watch them make your pizza in front of you, put whatever you want on it, and 2 minutes later, it's in and out of the wood-fired oven.
There isn't enough seating in this small Underground location.
Project Pie could be a nationwide chain one day.

Pizza HEAVEN.
Located in the Underground of MGM, it reminds me of a Chipotle where you stand in line and order everything from your tortilla to your salsa.
Only here, you choose your pizza, a sauce from heaven disguising itself as an herb sauce poured over the pizza dough, pesto or marinara, and any kind of topping you'd wish for on a pizza.
Unlimited toppings for a personal pizza at the price of $12.
Your creation gets assembled in front of your eyes and you have delicious, and I mean DELICIOUS pizza within minutes.
I have a feeling I will be craving this place again and again.

Love the concept!
This is a quick, choose your topping - ready in 5 minutes and blasted in a 800 degree firebrick pizza oven.
Best of all, the ingredients are all fresh and they taste great!
The heat must help bring the flavors out.
There isn't much variety in the pizza dough, it's all thin crust, but you can choose any toppings you want at no extra cost, and all for $12.
Also like that they have different sauces available as well as the variety of toppings.
It's fast food, similar to subway or chipotle, so they have the system pretty much worked out.
Location wise, it's in the basement of the MGM Hotel, so unless you're staying there it isn't all that convenient which is a negative, and only open until 11pm, 1am on Fri-Sat.
But if you're staying nearby or at the MGM, it's worth going to.
Service is good, with energetic young college age kids serving the pizza up.
When I went there the first time, the girl accidentally dropped the pizza topside down on the floor after taking it out of the oven and had to start over.
She was apologetic and handled it well, though, but I doubt this happens a lot.
Definitely worth stopping by if you're in the area.

I seriously am IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE.
Only problem?
They are in Las Vegas and I live in Olympia.
I wonder if it is a franchise?
maybe I could open one up?
Dreaming........
So I found this place on yelp and am so glad I did.
We were in Vegas for 3 days and with all of the choices we had we ate there twice for lunch.
It is just a cool place hidden downstairs of the MGM.
They feature several standard pizzas and then you can add as many toppings as you want on top of those or make up your own pie altogether.
12 for unlimited toppings and the pizza is a tad bigger than a personal size.
The toppings were so fresh and plentiful.
No skimping here.
The staff working there were incredibly nice both times we went.
Very efficient, friendly, and nice.
We enjoyed chatting with them, even if the guy that ran the oven didnt appreciate the Seattle Sounders (wth!!!
)  I love the ambiance with the quotes on the wall and comfy lounge seating.
I am afraid my love affair with this place will have to end because otherwise I will spend all of my time dreaming of the next time I go to Vegas to get more Project Pie.
DELICIOUS!
I am a pizza snob and I would rate this right up in my top 3 best pizzas ever.

I've eaten a lot of pizza in my lifetime...
This is the freakin best I've had!!
Create your own and be amazed with your own creation!
!...whatever it may be...

Cheap, FAST, and amazingly good.
They have pizzas on a menu to choose from or you can build your own.
All for the same price.
Located in the basement of MGM Grand.

This is an interesting place.
It's sort of like Chipotle or Qdoba, but with pizza.
They have about 10 or so pizzas you can order, and you can add toppings as you please.
Or, you can just create your own.
A personal pie that's about 12 inches was $12.
And, it creates 4 substantial slices.
It's a good-sized meal.
Also, they are thin, so baked very quickly, which was nice.
They have a pretty good system for moving people through the line.
I had the BBQ chicken pizza and a slice of the "meat lovers" pizza.
I put that in quotes because I can't remember the name of it, but it was the pizza with a bunch of different meats on it.
I highly recommend both.
The BBQ comes with a large amount of chicken and BBQ sauce.
The sauce is slightly sweet with a good tang.
I added jalapenos which were perfect.
The meat lovers was equally good.
I like Project's red sauce, it had more flavor than some pizza sauces.
Also, they do not skimp on the toppings.
If you are at MGM Grand and need a quick bite, you can do a lot worse than Project Pie, and I don't know that you can do a whole lot better.
Highly recommended.

This was our favorite stumbled-upon find, while searching for the monorail (useless useless creature) at 12:30AM.
Unlimited toppings on a 12" pie for $12?
Score!
Then when I found out we could have half-half toppings, I melted into a choices-galore hot mess.
I'm glad my SO was craving a vanilla milkshake ($4) that night.
They made it to order (so it actually took a little longer than our pizza), and was huge + oh so fresh!
I think this usurps In-N-Out's milkshake as my #1 now.
The decor is vintage industrial, and the ingredients are sustainable.
Ahh, I wish they would open a location in the Bay Area!

Really good pizza!
Why do I like their pizza?
Thin crust 2.
Great price on the Strip... all of their speciality pizzas are priced at $12.
Perfect size for two people at 11" 4.
I came here both times and ALL of the service staff were uber friendly and served me with Aloha!
Pizza took less than 10 minutes to arrive.
Plentiful toppings and flavor was excelllent.
My gripes?
No alcohol.
Not a big deal as there is a Fat Tuesday in the adjacent shop.
They close too early for me!
I wished they stayed open until 4am or so....
I am starting to like MGM Grand and will probably stay there if not at the Cosmo, and if i do, i expect multiple visits to this pizzeria!

Gourmet pizzas at $12 unlimited toppings.
I was amazed how fast they could make the pizza.
Nice place for a quick bite before you get back to the blackjack table.

Fresh hot pizza in the MGM underground which is near the hotel lobby.
Crust was a solid 8/10  Toppings were an average 6/10  Cheese was an average 6/10  Temp was hot and cooking was spot on, I'd go back again.

I happened to walk passed this place in a low-traffic area of MGM and the concept seemed appealing so I decided to check it out.
The counter workers were very friendly and helpful and provided excellent service.
I wanted to order healthy, so I opted for the ricotta cheese with grilled chicken, mushrooms, olive oil, and pesto sauce.
I was able to choose as we went down the line (same way you would order a sub at Subway), so I watched my pizza be created step by step.
The beauty of this process is that you can adjust portions of toppings and add however many!
After it was put in the oven, it was ready in a matter of minutes and delivered to me at a table.
The pizza is a tad difficult to eat... flimsy, thin crust; however, a fork and knife go a long way!
Overall, I'd say it's a charming little build-your-own pizza joint :).

We had been wanting pizza but didn't want to do an overpriced eatery at a casino.
After checking the reviews on Yelp we decided to stop by on our way out of town.
The staff was extremely nice and explained the process.
It's very similar to Chipotle where you start with a blank canvas and they build it from there.
They have 7 types of specialty pizza to choose from or you can build your own with as many toppings as you want for only $12.
The location isn't the best, but its worth the trek if you want cheap, tasty pizza!

Awesome pizza!
I don't think I have ever had a better crust.
At $12 a pizza this place can't be beat for a place to grab a bite on the strip.
We ordered the BBQ chicken pizza, the carmelized onion with prosciutto pizza, and the artichoke, tomato, and Gorgonzola cheese pizza.
They were all so yummy.
There were three if us eating and each of us loved our pizza choice.
I definitely recommend this place!

It's fast food pizza.
I LOVE pizza.
I love good Philly style pizza.
I like to get it by the slice, fold my slice in half and chow down.
That said, I was a little hesitant to try this place but with 10 people hungry after drinking for 5 hours at Lee's Beer Experience, this is where we ended up.
We all ordered our own pies ($12.99 each).
Within 5-10 minutes each of our pies made from scratch and at our table.
Everyone enjoyed their pies.
No complaints on the dinner pizza from anyone.
The only disappointment was the Nutella Pizza...YES, Nutella Pizza...not enough Nutella.
Our entire group agreed.
Would I go back?
Yes, if I was in the basement of the MGM late night after drinking...absolutely.
My favorite pizza place on the strip is Cosmo Pizza (Secret Pizza).
YUMMY.

This is the subway of pizza places.
You go to the glass and order your pizza just like you would your sub.
Let me tell you what this place is good for;  1.
You've had too much to drink and you are walking out to the car (taxi) and realize the only thing in your neighborhood is McDonald's so you better eat now.
You  enjoy frozen pizzas and don't know any better (this pizza tasted like a frozen California Pizza Kitchen pizza)  3.
Cheap.
$12.99 for a pie  I asked for ranch dressing, he offers me Caeser.
Really?
The coke machine needs some help.
It tasted like pure syrup.
Would I eat here again?
Probably if I was in the same predicament.
But not if I'm sober.

This place was great.
It was recommended by our neighbor whose brother runs this point.
The value to taste ratio is unmatched anywhere.
I thought the food was excellent!

This place is a must if u love pizza.
Made to order pizza in less than 5 min.
Amazing toppings and great friendly service

Simply amazing.
An extensive variety of different style pizzas as well as the option to customize your own with choice of toppings.
I think the pizza sizes are just right.
One size only.
But its not too big and not too small.
Very fresh.
The staff there are super friendly and enjoy making conversation with you, which is rare nowadays.
Laidback atmosphere with a modern touch in design that is showcased through the wall art as well as seating design.

$12 pizza with any and all toppings your heart desires.
I highly recommend getting bacon as a topping because bacon makes everything yummy.
The servers are super super friendly, and the pizza is done in a matter of minutes.
Perfect after club grub session.

DIY foods are pretty popular with people on the go (think Chipotle or Subway), with Project Pie being in the DIY pizza category.
It's a decent dining choice if you're at the MGM and want a quick, casual meal.
Pies are $12, and you can either choose from pizzas with pre-determined toppings, or go crazy and customize it with your own topping choices (yes, you can order a pizza with everything on it).
These are personal size pizzas, so don't order one and expect to be sharing it if you have any semblance of an appetite.
I had one of their own creations, the number 5, a white pizza with mozzarella, ricotta, gorgonzola, parmesan, cracked black pepper, olive oil, garlic and fresh chopped basil.
Toppings were placed all the way to the edge, so there wasn't really a crust to speak of.
The pizza was decent, not the best white pizza I've had, but not a bad deal either taking location and price into consideration.

This is not a secret pizza joint in the MGM Grand.
But you might totally miss it if you never head down the escalator going towards the self parking garage.
They offer personal size pizzas that you can customize from their list of toppings (plus walnuts and crasins, which are not on their menu) or get one of their pre-conceptualized combos by number.
They do not hand toss or shape the dough by hand.
There is a nearly fool proof dough press that pretty much does that, before they start building your pizza to order.
On my visit, I decided to get EVERYTHING on my pizza.
The pizza took a little longer to bake in their oven, but came out tasting pretty good (bell pepper didn't have enough time to bake and wilt).
For $12 it is a good deal for a restaurant inside a Strip casino.
Besides savory pizzas, they also offer 3 salad options (Classic Caesar, Mixed Greens and Pizza Salad).
($5 - $12)  For desserts, they can make dessert pizzas too!
Nutella & Berries sounds most enticing.
($4 - $6)  Sodas with free refills.
($3.50)  If you want relatively inexpensive casual meal while at MGM Grand, this is probably your tastiest option.
While you wait for your pizza to be delivered to your seat, you can entertain yourself with random quotes from Anonymous to JFK.
Service was fast and friendly.
They were generous with the toppings, but next time I will try ordering my pie with ALL OF THEIR Italian Sausage (Anthony M already got dibs on their Pepperoni).
Only negative (looking out for the post-clubbing crowd) is that they close at 11pm.
Way too early in my opinion.

I love Project Pie !!!
I eat here at least once a month!
I love the fact that they customize your pie, right in front of you !
The employees are fun, out-going, and great pizza makers !
Plus start to finish the pizza only takes 5 minutes.
( Don't quote me on that :) - but seriously, it's around 3-5 mins.
)  Plus, for the size of the whole pizza you get - you cant beat the price- especially for a casino food establishment !

$12 is a great price.
The pizza was worth more.
I visited as a tourist, but this place is not a tourist trap.
This place has legit pizza.

Angela T said it best when she said this place is the "Subway of pizza places.
" That's not necessarily a bad thing.
First, the location isn't the best.
It's in the downstairs walkway on the way to the parking garage, so it's a bit of a walk from the rooms and the opposite direction of the pool.
However, if you're on your way from the garage, this is a great place to grab a quick meal.
The pizza was good.
Really good.
Great?
No way, but for what this place is, it does the trick.
The crust was just ok for me.
The dough is placed on a dough press and bam, it's time to pick toppings.
We got a cheese (kids, of course) and a #7  (white pizza with caramelized onions, proscuitto, mozzarella) and they were both very good.
Each pizza came with 8 slices, or maybe 6, but at any rate, 1 pizza was good for 2 kids, so yes, it's personal sized for adults.
$12 a piece, it was a deal compared to anything else at the MGM Grand.
Even McDonald's and Nathan's in the food court had comparable prices, and those meals will make you sick.
The employees were really nice.
Friendly, funny, and efficient.
Yeah, it's worth a visit.

A gem inside MGM!
A small place with chairs and tables with a concept similar to Chipotle.
There is a standard menu that you can choose from; else build your own pizzas!
You have the flexibility to pick your own toppings.
All for $12.
We picked #5 and #6(BBQ pizza) from the menu.
Absolutely LOVED them.
The wall at one end of the restaurant has quotes by popular personalities.
It was awesome to read these interesting quotes while eating their amazing pizzas.
Excellent customer service too.

Next time you're in Vegas and hankering for a hearty meal - definitely drop by Project Pie.
I was here a few months ago over EDC weekend - it was exhausting and I was in dire need of some nutrition.
After some searching, my friends and I stumbled into Project Pie and I couldn't have been happier!
I got the BBQ Chicken pizza - it came with red onion, cilantro, Gorgonzola and mozzarella cheese; SO good!
And beyond the fact it's great pizza, it's also an affordably filling meal which in my opinion can be so hard to find in Vegas!

This was one of the best finds during my trip to Vegas.
$12 for a personal pizza with unlimited toppings and GF crust with no up charge, yes please.
I was so happy that they asked me prior to me telling them about my allergy to gluten just by asking for the GF crust.They even made it a point to switch pizza cutters and try to eliminate as much cross contamination as possible.
This in my book goes a long way.
On my next trip, I will definitely make it a point to stop here for a quick and cheap  lunch.

After picking up our show tickets at MGM, we stumbled across Project Pie on the way to Earl of Sandwich and decided it's too far of a walk for 4 starving people after a 5-hour drive.
I'm so glad we came here and tried something new instead :)   The girls working were really nice and patient with my indecisiveness and I really appreciate that lol The build-your-own pizzas are only $12, and they also let us do half and half so we could share, which is a major plus cuz I can never finish a whole pizza on my own.
At first I didn't really pay attention to the price, then I realized how cheap this meal was compared to other places in Vegas!
Haha anyway, for my half, I put grilled chicken + caramelized onions + EXTRA EXTRA mushrooms and it turned out amazing!!!
I like how they don't limit the amount or how many items you want to put on your pizza, and the thin crust is just the way I like it!
In the end, all four of our creations (2 pizzas) came out really really yummy!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/project-pie-las-vegas?select=QYr0j_Uvsgo8yNzSLjnR3g#8PQUGKdjVUBA1vtdTqVmxA I'd definitely return the next time I come back to Vegas :)

I was at MGM and decided to grab a bite to eat before the airport.
This new section at MGM has many places, but it's kinda hidden.
We tried #5 which is mozzarella, ricotta, gorgonzola, parmesan, cracked black pepper, olive oil, garlic and fresh chopped basil.
The pizza was thin and crispy and was a personal pan size.
The pizza exceeded my expectations.
The staff was extremely friendly and funny.
I also loved the comfy sofas and quotes on the wall.

My buds and I stumbled (literally) upon this cool find inside the MGM Grand.
The three of us were all very happy with our personal pies.
Very unique thin crust and cheap for the strip @ 12 bucks.
Great find.

C'mon over and choose your pie!
How do you want it?
Sauce?
White?
They can do it all and I am lucky to be able to have this place be so conveniently located there to tempt me everyday.
It is almost like a secret pizza concept because it is located inside of the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in the Underground.
It has a blazing neon sign so you won't miss it as well as its cute layout and decor.
I love the mini sofas!
You get in line, pick whether or not you want sauce, move onto stacking as many toppings as you want if you choose the build-your-own pizza option.
If not, then there are many options on their menu and you can even get a delicious pizza salad here!
It is a personal sized pizza, but I have always split it with a coworker since we are not big eaters.
I have been a customer here since day one that they have opened and the staff has always been cheery and very helpful.
One time the bottom of my pizza was burnt and they re-did the whole thing without me needing to say anything about it.
Nice service :)  Kudos to Teri W. for sharing the MGM Grand employee discount on here in her review so if any employees don't know.. now you will know!

Great pizza, great service and respect for strip hotel employees!
Show your work ID!!

Project Pie is a bit off the beaten path and is well worth the trip.
Where else can you get a fresh, tasty customized pizza for a super affordable price?
$12.
will get you any pie option on the menu or customize your own with unlimited toppings.
Yes, UNLIMITED!
Order at the beginning, watch your pie be assembled and placed into the oven.
Pay at the register and wait for your name to be called to pick up your master piece.
The whole process took 10 minutes.
The pizza was delicious with a thin crispy crust and generous amount of toppings.
It wasn't greasy nor soggy.
There is a soft drink dispenser and a condiment area with silver ware and to-go boxes for left overs.
There is no wait staff everything (besides the pizza baking) is self serve.
There are a few tables and a long communal table for dining in.
A great casual place to grab a quick meal.

Oh what a delightful delightful place.
Its like subway where you can pick your toppings.
They fresh pressed the dough in front of us and then added our choosen toppings and threw it in the oven.
It cooked really fast and was super yummy.
I ate 6 of my 8 pieces at the place and then brought the other 2 back to my room and ate then about an hour later and it was still good.
It was 27 for 2 pizzas and a soda.

I wouldn't have ever found this place if I hadn't checked it out on Yelp.
It is in the MGM underground.
If we had found it on our first day there is a good chance we would have just had it for lunch every day were in Vegas!
If we had one of these stores in our hometown we would be regulars.
It was so good and the price was great too!
The wait wasn't long either.
It also made great leftovers for a late night post casino snack.
No matter where we stay next time we come to vegas we will go out of our way to come back here!

My fave spot everytime I'm in Vegas drunk!
The Nutella banana pizza is the best and the prosciutto with caramelizoed onions is my ultimate fave!!!
All under $12 for unlimited toppings!!
Hidden gem!
Now go!

Reminds me of Chipotle, but pizza version.
lol Build your own pizza.
Cool pizza place that opens late.

This is a great option when you're tired of the pricey food places in the hotels.. Make your way to the underground at MGM and build a tasty treat.
If you want a cold beer with your pizza, stop next door at Fat Tuesdays and bring it with you.
This isn't a formal sit down place for a group.
It's a build your own personal size pizza.
Enjoy!

Holy crap this place rocks!!!
Tom hooked up his own creation of mozzarella chicken blue cheese bacon sausage jalapeños tomato sauce and BBQ sauce and it was a 10!
Definitely recommend.

A must if you're at MGM just cruising around.
It's on the bottom floor.
Pizza was delish and very fresh tasting ingredients.
It didn't take long to cook either, maybe 5-7 minutes.
We looked for another location in Northern CA, but this chain is still new-ish.
Would definitely check it out if they come anywhere near my hometown.

I'm coming from SoCal where we are having this big custom pizza craze, it was nice to try something similar out in Vegas.
I stayed at MGM and this was a great place to grab a bite.
I wish it was located in the main food court instead of the Underground where it's kind of hidden away.
I feel like they would have more customers being located elsewhere.
The workers are super friendly and love to chat you up.
Essentially a full fledge custom pizza place.
You can even make a dessert pizza.
You customize first, they bake it, and put it in a pizza box with your name.
One tip is that, you might not want to load so many toppings even though it seems obvious to do so.
The pizza might not cook as well with too many toppings.
Price was fairly reasonable as well.
Really tasty and a bit less oily compared to your normal pizza hut.

Personalized pizza!
Yum!
Definitely a good choice for a semi-fast and affordable meal while enjoying the the grandeur of the MGM.
The pizza is large and fresh, the crust is the perfect chewy:crispy ratio, and the service is friendly!
Cannot complain, especially for a place inside a LV resort :)

So this was my first time here and I was walking to the parking garage to drive to my favorite place (Joe's Pizza) and I looked up project pie on yelp, saw the 4.5 stars and immediately stopped to give it a go.
Positives: -Freshly baked, fast, friendly service.
(Loved andre, he was courteous and very funny) -They make each pie just the way you want and doesn't take more then 5 minutes.
Negatives: -All thin crust pizza -Line can get long, but moves fairly quickly -Pies aren't filling for 2, but definitely for one.
Menu: All cheese pizza is $10 Build your own $12 Pizza and some fresh salads.
And some other goodies but I don't quite remember it all.
Definitely worth a go.

Yelpers are right.
Wow.
Absolutely delicious pizza, really friendly staff, and a Fat Tuesday literally steps away.
Such a great find with amazing food.
$12 design your own pizza worth every penny.

I've always smelled the delicioisness of Project Pie, but didn't realize I could partake in said deliciousness until I saw "Yes, we have gluten free crust.
" PERFECT, thin, crispy, happy, yummy GF pizza with a knowledgable, friendly, personable staff and owner.
Will be coming back again, and again, and again!
I love that they charge you one price regardless of the toppings you put on the pizza.
The toppings are delicious and fresh, and I like that you can see them making your fresh pizza in front of your eyes.
The GF pizza crust is very thin, which I love, and nice and crispy.
Before eating this pizza, I ate a decent-sized meal at another restaurant but found that this pizza was too good to let sit in the fridge not eaten.
Gone.
10 minutes.
Inhaled by my husband and I.
Great customer service, great value for the money you pay, very friendly and locals-friendly owner, perfect location (we love MGM), and fantastic product.
Could you ask for anything more?
P.S.
They have GF dessert pizza AND GF garlic bread/pizza.
You better believe I'll be all over that the next time we go!

Went back again last night.
I told them I was GF and they cleaned out the oven for me!
Delicious GF garlic bread, fantasic pizza, and I love their staff.
LOVE their staff.
Each time we've gone they've been beyond friendly and make us laugh.
If you want great thin crust, crunchy, fresh tasting pizza complemented by a wonderful stafg, you will love it here!

This was probably the cheapest meal we had our whole vacation.
We got a daiquiri at the Fat Tuesday's next door then headed over.
My husband, as usual got the basic neapolitan style pizza-just cheese and sauce.
I got a "white pizza" (no sauce) with caramelized onions, mushrooms, roasted red pepper slices, garlic, prosciutto, and gorgonzola cheese.
It was delic!
the only strange thing was that my tongue felt slightly numb after eating it, chris said the same thing when he had a taste...so I did not finish my whole pie.

Very good gluten free pizza, which is always a nice option to have.
More importantly, if you tell them you have an allergy they will use separate tools, and clean out the oven for you.
They are also able to provide allergen information regarding the crust, great if you have multiple food allergies like myself.
I have eaten here twice with no problems - a great place for food allergies!
Thank you Project Pie!

OMG...this has got to be the best pizza I've ever had!
Located in the underground at the MGM, you get to build your own pizzas or pick from the comobs that they've already created.
It's pretty amazing.
The people working there are so friendly (they recognized us when we showed up for pizza the very next day!
) and seem to really enjoy what they do.
They've got a great setup so I wish them the best.
Pizza was AWESOME!
We need one in Philly!

We all know I am obsessed with the Chipotle style concept.
I've always got a hungry kid and even hungrier husband with me, its fast, fresh and cheap (more  money for shopping!
) Seeing as the Vegas Strip is overloaded with 5 star dining options I didn't even know where to start planning where to have dinner.
Well, turns out in the MGM we were STARVING, behold Project Pie.
$12 for a pizza any way you want it, usually around $8 at Pieology, Blaze and others, but it's Vegas, I'll take it.
Nutella dessert pizzas, tempting at $6... Side salads at $5, large dinner ones at $12.
I asked if I could make my own, as their options all had chicken which I don't eat.
So I used pretty much all the veggie topppings from the pizzas and made a huge, amazing salad.
Split a pizza with my son, half veggie, half meat, my husband two pizzas with the works.
3 pizzas and a salad came to $55, not bad for a great dinner on the strip.
Ready in about 5 minutes, great service, clean place, come here if you spend all your money elsewhere!

Stayed at MGM for 4 days and ate this every single day, no joke.
It's open pretty late so you can feed that late night craving.
Even the workers recognized us since we kept coming back day after day.
Best pizza ever...addictingly good and at a nice price too.
All the toppings you want for $12, crispy delish crust, and surprisingly not greasy.
Can't wait to come back; my new favorite pizza joint

To be quite honest, I was a little skeptical wanting to like this place since it being located downstairs in the Underground inside the MGM Grand.
If you've been there, it's just an area you would kind of ignore walking from the parking garage to the lobby of the casino but anyway, let's talk PIZZA.
It's not an actual restaurant or cafe.
It's, well, FAST FOOD.
But let me add, FRESH fast food.
The concept is simple.
Either you can order from their pre-fixed menu or be that creative master chef that you are and customize your own personal sized pizza with unlimited toppings for $12!
Yes I repeat, UNLIMITED TOPPINGS FOR $12.
And good toppings at that!
(browse the pictures to see what I'm talking about)  I love thin crust pizzas and not all places can balance out the thin crust texture along with the heavy toppings well but Project Pie does it right every time.
I'm a cold pizza lover as well so it's also a good idea to place it to the side for a while and enjoy it at room temperature so the crust can soak up all the butter and oils for some more added flavor.
YUM.
I work inside the MGM Grand and they're known for some high rated restaurants such as Joel Robuchon, Craftsteak and the recently added Hakkasan so grabbing something to eat on your break can be a bit pricey.
Came here super hungry and unexpectedly found myself hating my thought of assuming that this place would be horrible.
That only teaches me to never judge a book by its cover (as cliche as it sounds) and give every place a shot before placing judgement on it.
And while you're at it, say hi to Andre for me and tell him that Julie from Hakkasan sent ya!
He'll make your pizza with love which will make it taste even better.

Located in the Underground section of the hotel, this might be a little hidden from people who don't know it is there.
Headed there for lunch a couple weekends ago and was surprised there was no line at all.
Was able to get a pizza made with fresh ingredients of my choice and watch it cooked in front of me in about 10 minutes.
Great price for Vegas and tasted very good.

This place is genius!
I absolutely love coming here for my monthly craving for Hawaiian pizza.
Staff is always welcoming and a pleasure to order from.
The atmosphere is great.
I would def recommend stoping by here if ever visiting the MGM Grand.

Great pizza in a odd place.
Great diversion from mall court food and high-end eateries.

50% discount for military, and a friendly staff.
Not to mention the amazing pizza.
This was my favorite part about visiting Vegas.

I only recently discovered the make-your-own pizza concept at home, and was happy to see it in Vegas.
The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and the food was great.
I ordered a #5 (olive oil, mozzarella, ricotta, gorgonzola, Parmesan, black pepper, garlic, fresh basil), and added caramelized onions.
I LOVED the onions--sweet and added so much flavor.
$12 for a personal pizza (if you're a person with a large-ish appetite) is a bit steep, but not surprising for Vegas.
I wish they were open a bit later.

Four of us made our own pizzas.
I walked next door to pick up a drink and by the time I got back, the of the pizzas were already done!
The pizza was great and to top it off, we got a complimentary cinnamon and sugar dessert pie.
Soo good, my friends had to stop me from eating all of it.

Las Vegas native here and I didn't even know about this place!!
Fantastic pizza!
Hands down the best pizza in town!
The peanut butter and Nutella pie is to die for.
I will definitely be back very soon!

Came here for the first time tonight and the food was delicious!
Service was great and everyone was really helpful.
My family and I were all very satisfied.
I would definitely recommend this place.

The pizzas were fantastic and the staff was very friendly.
The pizzas are $12 apiece for a thin crust, 12" pizza.
Worth every dollar, unlimited toppings.
I got the #2 with pepperoni, sausage, meatballs, and I added bacon for no charge.
My gf got the # 5, a white pie, with artichokes, prosciutto, ricotta, basil, mozzeralla, Gorgonzola, parm, and garlic.
She said it was the best pizza she every had.
I would highly recommend this place.

Best cheap eat on the strip.
Came here a 2nd time on my trip it was so good.
I had the #5 both times - Mozzarella, Ricotta, Gorgonzola, Parmesan, Cracked Black Pepper, Olive Oil, Garlic, Fresh Chopped Basil (white Pizza) and added sausage and pepperoni as well.
Nice thin crisp crust and awesome flavor.
The ricotta and Gorgonzola is what really sets this one apart from the others.
The founder also created MOD pizza in Seattle and Portland that uses the same build your own pizza concept.
Project pie is the next generation of MOD pizza featuring better ingredients, vibe, and design that I have experienced and confirmed by the founder in interviews.
I hope they open one in Portland soon.

If Chipotle were a pizza place...  By no means my favorite of places to eat in Vegas, but it was sort of cheap (not compared to Chipotle), tasty, quick, easy, and convenient.
The pizza was tasty, the flavors fresh, the staff friendly, and all was easy.
I think I would have preferred it to be less than the $10 price point, but I guess it's kind of like a Las Vegas thing to spend a little more just because.
Would I go back again?
I'm not sure.
Would I like it if I did?
Yes.

The build your own pizza option is pricey at $12, however, the pizza was really good.
They are not set up to accept MLife card comps so that was a pain but hopefully that will get worked out soon.
It's definitely worth a sit down & try though.

Great pizza.
Cooked fast.
Prepared how you want.
No complaints and will definitely go back next time I am in town.

Boycott Project Pie at the MGM Grand!!!
They gave retired military discount until today and now the new ruling is for only active duty military.
What, a 20 year retired military man or woman did not sacrifice?!?!?!
I am the wife one one such great and wonderful man and as his wife; his entire family made a sacrifice to allow his honorable service to this great country.
This is a huge injustice to ALL who served their country!!!!
This is not an expected discount but it a nice thank you!!!

Great little pizza.
Most guys will eat one pizza.
The $12 and put what you want is a good deal.
The topping are very good and it is fun.
We hung out before we went to see a show in the MGM and would go back.

Food was great!
Quality, price, variety and proportion was right on.
We have a few places similar to this in Orange County but the thing that really stood out to me was the customer service.
Everyone was so nice to us and they were also very kind to each other which made this an extra pleasant experience.
I wish I could remember the name of the girl who helped us to specifically compliment her but it was a LONG week and I'm drawing a blank so great job EVERYONE!

Walked by Project Pie every weekend for almost a year without stopping in as I walked from the garage to the casino or back at MGM.
Granted, some nights it was closed by the time I wanted it.
Anyway..
I finally stopped in the other day and didn't know what to expect.
I briefly read the menu and saw that I could create my own personal pie for $12.
I know what you're thinking... $12 for a personal pie is a rip off.
It was my first thought too before I remembered that I was standing in the MGM Grand on the strip at just after 12am.
Then I found out that included in that $12 was as many toppings as I wanted... say what?!?!
It's the Subway/Chipotle of pizza!
Now I'm really skeptical as that seems almost too good a deal.
Staff was very friendly and I ordered one of my favorite combinations... meatball, pepperoni and ricotta.
Ordered with a little extra sauce and a little less mozzarella.
I took it to go and it was gone by the time I got home.
Really enjoyed this pie.. by no means is it best pizza I've had but it was tasty, you get it hot right out the oven, it cooks in about 3 minutes and you can put whatever you want on it.
I'll probably stop in more often going forward.
Maybe I'll try one of their pre-set combinations.... or maybe I'll just have them dump all the meatballs on my pizza and pig out!
Queue evil laugh...

A pizza place where the price is the same no matter how many toppings you choose to put on it.
They have premade options to choose from or you can make your own.
The crust is thin but not cracker thin.
All of the toppings are fresh and they make your pizza like they make subs at some sub shops.
It starts with the crust and sauce then it is moved down to the toppings and cheeses and then into the oven.
Took about 15 minutes from start to finish and I had pizza left over to snack on the next day.

Delicious pizza.
Friendly staff.
I always get the #2 and add bacon.
All meat pizza.
A great meal before a night out.

To make my own custom vegan pizza was awesome!
So many different topping for them to pile on ...
I asked for all the veggies-- from caramelized onions to walnuts to jalapeños--- and it was amazing--- I added a pic-- so check it out for yourself--- yummO!....
Oh, and the service was great!

Go get a beer or drink now!!
Why cuz they don't serve it here.
That's why fool.
They have a little bar next door.
Grab something there if u need.
Look this place is the chipotle of pizza.
Walk the assembly line and pick what u want and how much.
12$ a pop.
Good size.
Get one to urself.
Finally u and your lady can agree cuz you'll each have your own.
And hey man when ur in Vegas stop looking at the hott chicks in skirts.
Ur lady totally knows ur doing that and she understands but make her fell good.
Ok???
Thanks.
Service is good and the pizza is bomb.
I'm not one of those yelpers that just has to show u I've been to every part of the world and here's my pic of me in NY.
here's my pic in Japan.
I don't need to brag like those annoying cres.
What's a cre u ask?
Well learn spanish or ask  a Latino.
It's short for credio or creida.
In other words those annoying peeps that act all uppity and like they are so hott and know everything.
Anyways I'm rambling.
Get here eat and enjoy life.
And stop kiss ur lady and tell her u love her.
She loves the unexpected shit like that.
Just don't look at the skirts until after u done that.
Love u baby cakes.

Great concept, basically as much toppings you want for $12.
The pizza is the perfect size for 1 person too.
The crust is nice and thin.
So you can easily finish this by yourself without feeling guilty of eating all those calories.
I was glad to hear that there is another branch in Hillcrest, San Diego.
So I will definitely stopping by that restaurant as well.
Again, the pizza is good.
Good quality, and choose your toppings or just go for their standard menu, all for $12 per pizza.

Best pizza I ever eaten .
The ingredients were fresh .
The staff were super friendly and super helpful .
I made a chicken ,pineapple ,pesto and garlic pizza .
I know it sounds crazy but it was super delicious

Active duty Military get a discount!
I wanted to say that first because if you're scanning through reviews that little money saving nugget might be buried at the bottom where someone won't see it unless they read my entire review.
I think police and firefighters do too, but I digress.
This was an amazing spot, I can't believe it wasn't packed when I went in.
You have to hunt for this place, but it is seriously good grub.
I had the white pizza with chicken, prosciutto, roasted garlic, and sautéed onions... just dynamite eats.
All it needed was some sun dried tomatoes and it would've been near perfect.
I will absolutely becoming back for more!

Came here on a Friday night, right after arriving in Vegas after a long drive.
Walked right up to the front of the line (just beat the crowd) and was able to order my custom pizza.
The way this place works is pretty much you can create your own custom pizza from scratch with as many toppings as you like for one flat rate.
They also have multiple sauces you can choose from as well.
The people behind the counter were all very nice and willing to help with any questions you had.
Now to the pizza itself.
It tasted great!
I ordered the the meat lovers one and added jalapenos.
It is all made on a very thin crust and comes out nice and crispy.
The crust was very tasty (I added a splash of garlic around the sides) and the toppings tasted fresh.
I would definitely recommend this place to friends and families that are looking for a good and easy pizza place.

Delicious!!!!!!
Best pizza we had in Vegas.
Wayyy better then Secret pizza or the places at NYNY.
Project Pie is fresh, easy, quick, and I love how custom it is.
I ordered the BBQ chicken and added pineapple.
It was crisp, held its shape great, good crust and the pineapple was huge a fresh.
Great individual size too.
Staff was very friendly and knowledgable especially the two gals working.
Would totally go back!

This has to be one of the best pizza joints in Las Vegas!!
On our way to the concert we needed to get some food and as we walked by this spot we just had to stop.
The smell of the pizza wouldn't let me walk any further.
They make it just right and you watch them every step of the way!
For how expensive it is to get a decent meal with good customer service on the strip this spot is a must do!
The price is unbeatable and the taste will keep you coming back for more.

Hidden gem located downstairs from valet parking at MGM.
Two of us built our own pizzas and the other two chose from their menu.
All the pies were delicious and the perfect size for one person.
Fast service and cool quotes on the wall.
The perfect last meal to end our Vegas weekend.

Think of this as a chipotle but for Pizza.
For $12 you can build your own pizza with unlimited toppings.
I always go with the garlic pizza with meat balls and pepperoni.
It comes out smoking hot and fresh and crispy.
It's not as great as Secret Pizza but it is definitely cheaper than Secret Pizza.
This is a great stop if you're hungry and you're at the MGM.
The wait for a pizza isn't too bad and within 15 minutes you have a hot pizza straight out from the oven to devour.
Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!

Came here on a friday night because I was starving and wanted to find a fast place and I chose the right one.
The staff is very helpful, the pizzas are decent sized and very tasty.
They have a couple of their own creations but you can fully design your own and they are all 12 bucks which is a bargain seeing as if you are not that hungry, you can easily share

This is how pizza should be done.
There are several pre-made pies to choose from, or you could strike out on your own and choose your options.
The style here is reminiscent of Chipotle, as you get to watch your dough pressed out (that's a bit weird - how about tossing the dough in the air?
), choose your toppings, and watch your fresh pie get baked.
You can't get pie by the slice, but that's ok, because the end result is so yummy that you'll want to eat the entire thing.

I came here a Thursday night on the 8th of May, and this is hands down, got to be the BEST $12 I've spend for a pizza!
For my first time there, the build your own pizza is amazingly delicious!
I devoured it right after I got it, lol.
The workers there are friendly and very helpful on explaining how to built your own pizza and what to put on it.
I think I found my to go place for pizza whenever I'm in Vegas now!

One of my favorite spots to visit when I come to Vegas.
It's extremely casual and the the concept is all open which is great.
You can custom order any pizzas you want but they have some already created that are great.
They even have a Nutella pizza!
It's pretty well priced and the pieces are all personal to the customer.
Def a must try of you find yourself in the MGM!

Ate here twice during our stay at MGM Grand because it was that good!
Chose from their signature pizzas or build your own.
Great pizzas with fresh ingredients and the folks behind the counter were especially friendly and helpful in my genuine way.
The only reason I give it a four instead of a five is that we had to wipe down our own tables both times we ate there.

Think Chipotle for pizza- great selection of toppings, good flavors.
Excellent bang for your buck!
Recommend sharing a pie for 2, unlimited toppings are free.

My favorite place in Vegas!!
This gem is located at the MGM Grand in the underground.
Best service, food was great and fast.
This place is really amazing.
I wish we had them in Texas.
If you are in Vegas, please give this place a chance you will not be disappointed!
Best pizza I've ever had!
Thank you project pie!

One of the best pizzas I have ever tasted.
I selected the build your own pizza which allows you to completely customize your own pie.
Imagine your order experience at a subway, that is basically what you can expect at Project Pie.
They have a very good variety of cheese, meats, and toppings such as ricotta, mozzarella, goat cheese, meat balls, Canadian bacon, prosciutto, fresh garlic, artichokes, mushrooms, spinach, pineapple, etc.
The ingredients are of very good quality which made the pizza have an incredible flavor.
The staff was friendly, ambiance felt very lively and nice, and the price for the pie was highly affordable ($12 for the fully customized pie) I will definitely be returning next time I am in Vegas.

Thin & crispy gluten free crust with unlimited toppings for $12.
Tastes good and I only ate half.
Worth it!

Delicious pizza.
Super this and crispy crust.
The toppings were crispy and tasty.
We will stop by here many more times!

I did not even know this place was there but we walked by on our way into the MGM Grand from the parking lot.
We had a show and decided to do dinner afterwards.
Since we saw the pizza place on the way in, we decided to stop there on the way out for our late dinner.
The place has about 7 pre-set combination pizzas but you can make your own and even add more toppings to the pre-set combos.
And what is great about it is they only charge one price.
You can have as many toppings as you want and its still the flat rate.
No per topping pricing like most places do.
I had the # 7- Prosciutto, Caramelized Onions, Mozzarella, Parmesan (White Pizza) - with mushrooms and black olives added.
It was delicious.
Their crust is on the sweeter side and is really tasty.
The crust is super thin so it was not filling like thick pizza can be.
Their oven is super hot so the pizzas cook fast.
My companion had a pepperoni pizza.
She really liked it.
It was a bit greasy but very tasty.
If I happen to be at the MGM Grand again, this is definitely a good place to stop for a quick meal.
They have one wall with all kinds of celebrity quotes on it.
Its fun to read while you wait.

The best!
A little confusing finding for the first time if you don't ask.
Options: awesome Time: perfect Service: the best Friendly, quick, easy and cheap.
Loved the style and the quotes on the wall  Would love to see more of these on the strip.

Great find.
Tucked away in the tunnel under MGM.
Neopolitan-style pizza.
Tasty ingredents.
No alcohol which was my only disappointment.
Will be back.

Good pizza with a nice crust and tasty sauce.
A small bummer you can't get any water without paying for a bottle, but that's the way things are moving.

Nothing but good things to say about Project Pie.
Pizza is delicious, fresh, and reasonably priced.
I consider them to be a gem and make it my first stop in Vegas.

