I took my car in for an oil change and an AC Check.
The manager behind the counter was quite helpful and nice.
I was able to get my car in without an appointment and got a courtesy call to come and pick it up in 2 hours.
I didn't have an appointment so I was expecting a long wait, I was told they may have to keep my car all day, but I understood because I didn't have an appointment.
I passed my keys along, signed the paperwork and left.
Two hours go by and I received a call that my car was ready to be picked up!
That was fast, I was very surprised with them being done with my car already.
They did a great job, kept my car clean and gave me a full report on what they did.
They did everything I asked for, didn't try pushing services I didn't want and made me feel comfortable.
A lot of mechanic places try to "persuade" women into things they don't need.
Luckily I know my cars, so persuading me has never happened.
I didn't have to have my guard up here; they respected me and just did what I asked them to do.
Great customer service at affordable prices!
Good online deals!
Thanks for taking care of my car Brake Masters Ill be back!

Do not believe these crooks.
I went to the Queen Creek location recently to have my brakes and AC system checked for a leak.
They helped me out with my brake problem ( I think...).
Then they told me that it was going to cost me $1400 to repair my entire AC system.
They told me it was leaking from everywhere and that the whole system needed to be replaced.
I found this hard to believe since I had the entire AC system replaced 2 years ago.
Plus i knew where it was leaking from in the first place, i wanted to make sure thats the only place it was leaking from.
I know a thing or two about cars and was not going to let the wool pulled over my wyes that easy.
I told them that I could not afford $1400.
They turned around and told me that " well what were you looking to spend".
I told them that it was ok that I'll figure it out.
I then took my car to a honest mechanic recommended from a friend.
He called me and confirmed it was only the AC line I had suspected that was leaking.
The AC fix cost me $250.
I then realized what kind of scam brake masters is running.
Of course if you fix the entire system the problem will be fixed.
Don't fall for this scam or any other they are doing.
Get a second opinion, you don't have to feel committed to anyone.
Shame on you brake masters!

The store manager, Ty, is absolutely amazing!
He was honest and upfront.
He did not push me towards unnecessary services.
I will bring my vehicle back to Ty for all future services!

I don't believe this place is very honest.
They overcharge immensely to those who will allow it and don't know any better.
Please always get a second opinion on major repairs (anything over $300).
They tend to jack up repair prices sky high, and then will offer to lower it once they realize you won't pay it.
I've seen this happen to myself and friends....please BEWARE!

The service is fantastic, the manager Ty is really accommodating and helpful, and they do good work.
I would recommend this BrakeMasters location to anyone!!

