I am so thrilled to be the first to rate this shop!
First of all, what a classy spot!
When I walked in, not only was it super clean & had great artwork on walls.
But, I was greeted by LA, I fine young southern gentleman!
LA was my tattoo artist and he did a beautiful job covering up 2 tattoos that I had.
He was super quick, had a gentle hand and was very affordable.
My husband and I are thrilled with the way my ink turned out and can't wait to visit this shop again!
I highly recommend that you visit LA at LV Tatoo & Beauty Lounge if you want a great tattoo.
Oh and great music too :) PS I have over 20 + tattoos, so I can appreciate a good artist and his work ethics.
OH LA's cell is 702-782-6519 and they offer discount cards on piercing, tattoos & hair.
They don't currently have a stylist, but he says they should be getting one soon.
Thanks LA!!!!
You hooked me up!
I would definately drive out of my way to get more ink!

It wasn't me to get the tattoo, but a friend of mine.
But before I get into that, I want to talk about my experience with the staff.
As soon as I got out of my car, there was a man sitting on the curb out front with some alcohol in his hand.
He gave me a judgmental look, and I just tried so brush it off.
Walking in, he was CHECKING OUT my friend with me, who was getting her first tattoo.
We showed up about ten minutes early.
We thought that was fine.
The creepy guy was outside still, sitting on the curb.
The good thing was that the man who was at the counter knew who my friend was and told her that the artist doing her tattoo was on his way.
Gregg came and he was very nice and welcoming.
He discussed what my friend wanted and how they were going to do it.
Fast forward about 30 - 45 minutes and she was on the table getting ready.
Gregg was placing the templates (sorry, I have no idea what it's called.
I'm a noob at this.
:P) and we had to get up to see if she liked it.
Creeper Guy (I don't know his name, but Creeper Guy works out well) actually stared straight at my friend's chest and said "Damn..." and said to Gregg "I want up in that..." SO CREEPER GUY OFFICIALLY EARNED HIS NAME!
My friend and I referred to him as "drunk a** creep" afterwards.
Luckily, drunk creeper guy left after a bit.
It made things a lot easier.
So with Gregg, I would absolutely recommend him, ESPECIALLY TO SOMEONE WHO WANTS A NERDY TATTOO DONE!
He loves video games and Marvel Comics.
It was fun poking nerdy comments at each other.
It was nice.
My friend did not get a nerdy tattoo done, but she was very satisfied with her birds done.
He was understanding, easy to talk to and his work was cool.
Just go when Creeper Guy isn't there.

Actually got a tattoo done here around Christmas last year by LA and this place is awesome.
Staff is super friendly an its possibly the cleanest tattoo shop I've ever been in.
Work took no more that half and hour and everyone was supportive of the pain (not my first ink but was in a painful place).
Would totally recommend to friends

Completely regret going here.
A tattoo that was supposed to mean a lot to me, ended up looking like absolute crap and now I loathe having to see it every day.
The more he tried to fix it the more he kept ruining it - he knew he was doing it too.
Now I'm in the process of getting the tattoo removed.
It should have clicked in my head as soon as I heard that he'd only been tattooing for a year.
Definitely go somewhere else!

I went here and got a tattoo by Scott.
I am so happy with it I won't go anywhere else!
The shop has recently been remade as far as artists and the feel is incredible.
It's not at all how it used to be according to the other reviews.
They're busy and funny and very friendly!
I get so many compliments on my tattoo done by Scott I am more than happy with this shop!
They don't have rude attitudes or outlandish prices either.
Very very happy all around!

