I went in there to get my teenagers some haircuts.
My son is very particular about his hair and we could never find a person who did his hair to his liking.
As I watched Jacqueline cut, actually assess (she didnt even start cutting yet) his hair, I knew she would do a great job.
I was right.
My son was quite pleased.
I was so impressed, I asked her to cut my hair.
She even gave me a lavender/mint scalp massage!
I am so glad I went there.
The lady who cut my daughter's hair did an excellent job as well.
We will definitely return from now on.
I'm so glad to have found a place with conscientious hairstylists!

Went in for a haircut at 4:00 was taken by Angela at 4:30 and by 5:40 my hair was chopped!
I asked for long layers, got nothing layered only uneven, slanted at an angle chopped up hair at the bottom!
I asked for bangs after 3 times asking she still didn't do it right!
My hair is atrocious & I'm ferrous!
Thanks NOT SO FANTASTIC SAMS!!!!

The day before Christmas, I took my daughter in to get her hair dyed black.
I wasn't thrilled about that idea, but agreed as long as she left a few lighter strands here & there.
Well, the lady that did her hair did mostly black, but some spots were blue, some were purple & there was a strange square of an awful brown on the left side of my daughter's head.
Not sure why she did that as it doesn't equal streaks of lighter color throughout.
???
I had to put my daughter on a plane the next day to fly to the East coast, so there was no time to fix it.
Her stepmother put a box of black on & it looked decent until it started to fade.
I took her in not long after for a trim & to see if we could get the color fixed & they said it will have to grow out.
She needed a trim last weekend & was REALLY wanting to get her color fixed.
The blonde lady that finally helped us said that I should've brought her in the next day!
I told her it's probably not a good idea to violate a court order (she was going to visit her father for the holiday).
Then she said it was going to cost $80 for the 1st hour & $50 each addtitional hour to try to fix it.
I pointed out that THEY were the ones who screwed it up in the first place.
She didn't care.
NEVER again will those people touch our hair!
We will NOT be back!

I had a $34.99 coupon for "all over hair color" at this Fantastic Sams location only.
I drove there to give it a try.
Before I entered, there was a banner outside "Hair color $39.99".
A lady "Tabitha" was at the counter.
I told her that I was there for an all over hair color.
She immediately said, "It's $49.99.
" I said, "I have a coupon for $34.99.
Besides, the banner outside said $39.99.
" She said, "That price is for short hair.
Long hair extra.
" My hair length is only a little below my earlobes!
I said, "Mine is short!
This is way above shoulder.
I thought shoulder length and below is considered long hair.
" She said, "Did you go to beauty school?
" I probably should have left with that first clue.
But the way she said it was soft, and it could be a real question, so I answered, "I heard that from other hair places.
" She then said with my coupon, she would give me the $5 discount to make it $44.99.
I agreed as I was already there.
My hair dye task is an easy, all over black color.
Other places had asked me what type of black (brownish, reddish, blue, straight, etc.
) and sometimes show samples of colors but she never bothered and just went ahead with a black color.
Shortly after she started with me, a customer walked in.
She left me and went to ask that lady what's needed and told that lady, "I will be ready for you in 20 minutes once I am done with her.
" I had never had hair coloring for only 20 minutes.
Surely, it was more than 20 minutes when she left me for that lady, but she did not finish half of my hair.
She spent 40 minutes with the lady before she came back to finish coloring my hair.
I don't believe that's the correct way to do it as the whole head has two different coloring time.
Along the side of my face was painted a thick layer of black color during this time.
Since she didn't use any hair clips but just held different bunches by hand (with gloves), some piles dropped on my face and left black marks right on the face.
Finally she washed my hair.
I was hoping all the black ink would be gone.
But no, it was lighter but obvious along the side of my face and some still on the face.
Knowing how the front looked like, I asked to see my back with a hand-held mirror and there was the same black ink on my neck.
I asked her to please clean the color, she again used soft voice to refuse, "I can't get rid it.
I can't.
I can't.
" I thought I heard it wrong.
When I asked again, she again said, "I can't do it.
I can't.
I can't.
" Even her co-worker heard her soft argument, and told her, "Use the color remover.
" which was a bottle right on the counter.
She reluctantly used it a little bit, but insisted that the ink would go away by itself later, not now.
I also softly inquired, "How would the color go away by itself if I don't do anything?
" She insisted, "It just would.
" I didn't ask anymore.
I paid her $45 cash, she didn't bother giving change.
Upon my request for a receipt, she gave me one that noted for the additional charge, "Extra Length Color $10".
Anyone in this world would not call my way above shoulder hair "long", let alone "extra length".
My hair was still dripping wet when I left the store because when I asked her if it could be blow dried a little more, she said it's an extra $10.
Conclusions about this place: 1) Dishonest about the coupon offer 2) Took over two hours for the simplest hair dye task 3) Didn't have the skills or concern to take care customers' needs 4) Refused to clean up the dye on customer's face - first time I ever encountered

You have to ask for jackie.
She's awesone.
Plus when I went there was a deal on all cuts.
So my hair cut was only 11$.
I drove all the way from Henderson.
And did I mention Jackie is awesome!

Located at the corner of Ann and Decatur, this relatively new Fantastic Sam's location may have become my new home for haircuts.
One of the hardest things for me to find has been consistency and my do is really quite basic.
I think I may have found it!
Tabitha took care of me this time, but I've had both Crystal and Tabitha on previous visits.
They are both "fantastic" and I have been pleased with the do every time.
Granted they are still offering grand opening prices, but where else can you get a decent haircut and a relaxing shampoo for twelve bucks?
I can't comment on their products or other services such as hair coloring or styling for long hair, but for me and my short hair, this was a four star experience.

I took my 4 year old son in for a haircut.
When I left, his hair was still wet, and when it dried, it was completely uneven everywhere!
Not to mention the fact that the girl used thinning shears on him and he said the haircut hurt!
Not wanting to go back to the same girl, I called them and they told me to come at 10 in the morning and the manager would fix it.
My husband took our son back at 10 am and was told that the manager was not there, but on her way.
At 10:45, she still had not shown up and my husband finally left.
I have had a couple of nice, professional hair cuts there, but the black woman with the gap in her teeth (I do not know her name) is terrible.
IF you decide to take your chances here, avoid her at all costs!

Went in to do a big chop.
I requested a tapered TWA and had a picture.
The girl that cut it did an okay job except that it was a little lopsided and she was not skilled in line ups.
After I was done there I went to a male barber shop for some final touch ups.
I would return to this location again.

