I couldn't decide between 1 star or 5 stars.
See, we had been trying to get into Bertie's for a while to try one of their milkshakes, so we waited until we were really hungry.
That was a small tactical error.
We checked out the cool, vintage outfits and decor for a while (I bought a smokin' "Greg Brady" green and orage shirt!
) before rolling up to the soda fountain.
I ordered an Elvis Presley Milkshake, which had chocolate, banana, peanut butter, and like 8 other tasty things in it.
The wifey went for a red hots + cinnamon beast called the Sophia Loren.
We watched, fascinated, as she created these two... beasts.
Served up in a traditional milkshake glass, they were backed by the giant metal shake container they were made in.
And they were so, so, tasty.
We swirled and slurped and sucked them down, only to refill them out of that damned metal shake container.
I really don't know how much shake I ate, because things started to get hazy.
But it was so damned good I couldn't stop.
By the time we staggered out of there our tongues were happy but our stomachs were about to burst.
But really that misery was my own doing and my inability to put down the straw, so I can't be mad at Bertie's.
Since I'm drooling while I write this just thinking about that milkshake, I'm sure I'll be back.
They don't serve much food, but for a tasty treat and some retro shopping, Bertie's is the best.

Okay so we got the Adam 12 and the Buddy Holly.
The best milkshakes in the history of everdom!
I am very glad that this place is no where near where I live or my daily caloric intake would be deathening.

Bertie's is an old school soda fountain that opened up in my neighborhood.
My husband and I were craving dessert and had heard good things, so we came on a Sunday night.
I had the Adam 12 shake which was chocolate malted ice cream, with toasted marshmallow sauce, sprinkles and whipped cream on top.
The portion size was huge, I could only eat half.
My husband had the hot fudge brownie sundae, with a nice warm brownie with ice cream on top and a choice of nuts.
We sat at the counter and were able to see the owner creating our desserts.
There's also some vintage clothing and signs as well.
What a cute little shop!
I will definitely return.

Want to be smacked in the face with 50's nostalgia?
Then take a short trip to Berties of Arcadia!
It feels like walking into your favorite 50's TV sitcom, which I once thought to be impossible!
The pastries sold at Berties are to DIE for.
Literally, I could overdose on their Red Velvet cupcakes and cookies.
The shop makes everything as if it were made in the 50's.
The milkshakes and various creations are tiny preserved pieces of the past that we may all enjoy in 2013.
The ladies at Berties are sweet, kind, welcoming and oozing retro coolness!
You can tell they love what they do.
Overall, Berties is a wonderful gem in Arcadia.
From the vintage wall of candy (my nephew's favorite) to the vintage fashion goodies, Berties is definitely a place to discover in Phoenix!
It's one of a kind!

Whimsical and wonderful, what else can I say?
Lately I've been yearning for a glimpse back in time, to an era when life was less complicated, people were polite, and neighbors were friends.
Although I don't have a flux capacitor, Bertie's is my Delorean, and Bertie's owner, Trejsi, delivers 100%.
Everything from vintage clothing and accessories to penny candy, ice cream sodas, and baked delights!
Although I can't yet vouch for the soda fountain, a little "Bertie" told me they can make cream sodas to order and I CAN'T WAIT to get a hold of one.
What I CAN say is that the baked goods and the sugar shack are alone worth the journey down to the newly revamped 40 Palms shopping centre.
Bertie's is just one more reason Arcadia is my favorite place to live in Arizona, and I hope Trejsi stays around for a long time to come, so that I can make trips to Bertie's soda fountain a new tradition in my family.

Charming spot, friendly staff.
We wanted to love it.
Unfortunately, the shakes and whoopie pies tasted like the fake stuff (flavored syrups and extracts) and not the real stuff (bananas, peanut butter, banana ice cream and peanut butter ice cream etc).
Our peanut butter/banana shake had chunks of banana, but all I could taste was the alcoholic flavor of Torani syrups, which line the back wall of the soda fountain.
When the server was making it I saw her put two large pours in the cup (presumably an ounce of each flavor).
The result was a very loose shake with that fake banana flavor like a Now And Later, and no peanut butter flavor.
I expected much more from a $7 shake (flashing on Pulp Fiction's freakout over a $5 shake).
For the best shakes in the 'hood, go to The Stand.
The whoopie pies were no better.
The highly recommended banana's foster pie tasted like the fake syrup again.
I tasted a mouthful of sugar and no cakiness.
At 3 for $5, I didn't even take a second bite.

Great place the best malts, shakes, phosphates and egg creams in town!!!

All I have to say is $7 for a milkshake and it was melted because the guy blended it for 4 straight minutes.

Bertie's is the best hangout in town!
I come in with friends and by myself all the time.
The staff is great!
They're super friendly and very helpful.
Everything I've had from Bertie's was absolutely amazing!
The sundaes, shakes, sodas, desserts... it's all great!
Not to mention that the decor is adorable and everything looks super vintage!
Take a trip to Bertie's for a fun, delicious treat!

This place is amazing!
The owner Tracy is cute as a button and so friendly.
The malts are delicious and this place is just a blast to hang out & enjoy the oldies music & vintage items for sale.

The first time I walked into this magical little shop I was in love!
I wandered around bought my candy went home to chew my gum!
My TEABERRY!
gum!
After thinking about how to do the T berry shuffle, I googled it and listen to Herb Alpert and the Tijuana brass play it!
This had always been my favorite gum I just hadn't seen it anywhere since the early 60's.
I was back the next day you're welcome to the neighborhood with the gift of a vintage book!
Now she has killer sandwiches to go along with their very good soup!
Tracy makes everything herself, although not the thrifty ice cream, and she is a great cook!
I recommend her prickly pear pulled pork sandwich or an endless bowl of beef stew!
Followed by any kind of soda fountain dessert you can think of!
This is my second home!

How did I not know that this place existed?...it is just so cool!
We stumbled across this place when eating lunch at the Two Hippies next door.
We stopped in for a soft pretzel and ice cream...super reasonable, amazingly friendly staff and great atmosphere.
We'll definitely be back for a throwback to the 50's!

Great place... lovely ice cream..the owner was very generous with the serving portions and took good care of us..and the best part is the ambience.. very creative.. a must visit.. loved all the stuff u could shop for here ... :)

I finally made it there today....twice.
The first time I had the BLT on Texas Toast.
Let me tell you it was very good.
I told myself NO Ice cream and held to it until I got home and mentioned where I had been.
Then it was right back there for a double scoop Hot Fudge Sundae.
On man it was GREAT.

3 people working at the counter and no one to take my order- disapointed with the customer service.

I love coming here for their creatively delicious monthly specials.
The ice cream is Thrifty brand, which I love...less cream, so it's great when you're adding all kinds of toppings and flavors.
It's also the kind that most ice cream shops have been using for decades.
And, it's a kid favorite.
They have over a dozen flavors, but it's the combinations that really make Bertie's special!
Their baked foods are made in-house and there are always whoopie pies on the counter.
Love the vintage thrift store in this place and the ambiance of the old movies or music playing next to the counter.

wow!
Great customer service here, with a friendly staff,  not to mention a wonderful atmosphere.
really authentic and charming,  with great shakes.
would absolutely recommend!

Waited 30 minutes and no one even got my order (even w/ 3 people working).
No one  even offered me a menu.
I never walk out of a restaurant, but this is the 3rd time going in with terrible customer service.

We stopped in to check out this adorable little place.
We got the Elvis and Breakfast at Tiffanies malts.
Whoa yum!
So fun to sit next to my honey and feel like we stepped back in time a bit.
Everyone was chatty and there were regulars hanging out.
What a nice little place.

We stop here every time we're in town!
My fiancé and I love the macaroni grilled cheese (best idea ever!
) and the daily specials are always creative and delicious.
We have a 13 month old baby and they always pull out an abacus to keep him entertained - he also loves the 50's music and the color-sorted vintage candy displays :)  The owner is always decked out in 50's gear and is the sweetest, most welcoming chick ever.
This place is a total gem in the Arcadia area.

This place is super cute and super cool.
The ice cream is delicious.
Has a total Sandlot feel.
Can't beat that.

We stopped in to check out this adorable little place.
We got the Elvis and Breakfast at Tiffanies malts.
Whoa yum!
So fun to sit next to my honey and feel like we stepped back in time a bit.
Everyone was chatty and there were regulars hanging out.
What a nice little place.

If I could give them a zero, I would.
2 people working & 4 customers who were all together waiting on a to go order.
Neither employee greeted me or asked if I needed anthing even though I was sitting at the soda counter with a menu in my hand.
Waited for over 5 minutes before I got up and left.

My family and I stopped in yesterday for the first time to get some milkshakes and we fell in love with this cute little place.
The serve was amazing and everyone was very friendly.
It was a Thursday night and they had live music playing for throw back Thursday and the music was awesome.
My husband and I got milkshakes and my 2 kids got kiddie sundaes.
So happy we found such a great place to get ice cream now instead of going to Dairy Queen.
Will recommend Berties to anyone!
Loved it and had such a great experience.
Thanks!!

