Thank God for In-N-Out in AZ!!
Cheeseburger and strawberry milkshake, please!
Tastes just like the ones in California!
mmmm :)  Store hours: Sunday through Thursday, 10:30 a.m.-1:00 a.m. Friday and Saturday 10:30 a.m.-1:30 a.m.
Happy eats!

This location lives up to the high standards I've come to expect from In-N-Out.
I haven't found a local place that makes a great burger yet, so right now this is where I go on the rare occasions I want a burger for lunch.
I always get a double double animal style, and mix the lemonade and tea to drink.

Great burgers, shakes and fries at very reasonable prices.
Friendly staff, clean place.
In-N-Out quality all the way around.

Don't know why everyone gets so excited about this chain unless it's because it's so cheap!?
The patties are so thin they are practically non-existent!

On a family trip we were driving on the I-!0 and found out this was in the next town on the road so we stopped to eat.
just like any other in n out.
was good.
wait time was kind of long but you get that some times at in n out so it wasnt out of the ordinary.
same yummy burgers as cali.

I loved it.
Same quality and prices as every other INO.

Animal Style, no pickles.
I love those burgers.

What?
Casa Grande has an In-N-Out Burger?
That's it, I moving back!

Always friendly service and fresh food.
Check out their secret menu, http://www.in-n-out.com/menu/not-so-secret-menu.aspx  The animal style fries and burgers are the best ("Animal Style.
An Animal Style burger also includes extra Thousand Island spread, mustard grilled patties, and extra pickles.
Animal Style fries, on the other hand, are topped with cheese, spread, and grilled onions.
") !
This place is always busy.You can even order a root beer float.

Being from the east coast, I didn't know what was the magic behind in and out.
I thought the burger and fries were only alright.
Guest service was great and pleasant.
I intend to be back though to try this animal style and a milkshake.

THE ABSOLUTE WORST burger I have ever had!
The meat patty was so thin I almost missed it.
American cheese IS NOT REAL CHEESE and who puts thousand island dressing on anything these days.
All in all just 100% AWFUL.
NEVER EVER Again.

Just off I-10,  Sooo glad Casa Grande has one.
Fresh-Friendly- & the Best Burgers.
Fresh cut fires -You Cannot Compare to Others.
Soooooo Good!!!!

Fast...and that is all that matter for me at In-N-Out.
Especially for how busy they get, they have a system down.

Delicious protein-style cheeseburger with onion, fries and drink and the place is clean....up to the standards!
A go-to-stop whenever in the area.

I love coming to in and out.
The people are friendly and the food is great and comes out fast.

My first time seeing what all the hype's about.
The place was clean, friendly employees, pleasant atmosphere.
I thought the burger was good, great flavors and not all squished down like typical fast food places.
The fries weren't all that though, not too flavorful.

