Great service, fast, friendly, reliable, and honest.
I took my fiancé's bike in for tune up (flat tires, lube, gears, derailleur, etc.
) and was quoted a price and time to pick it up.
They asked if I needed it sooner, and since it had sat forever I said whenever would be fine.
They called at the time they said it would finished...it was.
The bike was cleaned up, tires fixed, and they said it was a great bike in great shape!
The price was that of the quote and not a penny more.
I would highly recommend Cactus Bike for service.

EVERYONE's very friendly but the mechanics are all over the board.
A couple seem to be good but others shouldn't be working on bikes unsupervised.
Their pricing is also erratic - some things fairly priced others well over MSRP.
I wouldn't return, so I can't recommend this shop.

I just purchased a 2012 Kona Satori from Cactus Bike that was a former rental of theirs.
Outside of a few scuffs and scratches this bike rides like new and shows how well Cactus has maintained it over the past year.
I went in looking for a new bike but after test riding this bike I couldn't pass up such a good deal.

Cactus Bikes is the way to go!
Very smart bike techs and good gear!
They will fix your bike problems that other shops can't fix!
I bought my bikes at Global and was taking my bikes to them for service because you get "free tune ups" if you buy your bike there.
My $3000 bike did not shift right from day 1.
I took it back to Global 4 times and even tried 2 shops (Gilbert and Ahwatukee).
I was told that's just how they are supposed to shift.
Even though it was skipping gears and shifting REALLY slow.
Finally I took it over to Cactus.
They made a few small adjustments and it was shifting like it should have right from the start!
Thanks to Cactus for fixing my bike!
I won't be taking it back to Global ever again!

My son goes to ASU and I'm done quite often between visits and spring training (Giant's fan from San Jose).
I ride a lot in the Bay Area and wanted to ride in the Phoenix area.
I had heard about the National Trail in magazines and saw vids on Youtube.
So I had to try it.
The people at the shop helped me rent a bike and pointed me in the right direction.
They also gave me some good advice about riding National, since it was my first time.
I got a bit lost up there, but eventually found the right way.
They're advice was great and I had a blast.
I will definately use them again for another rental the next time I am in town.

