Have you ever walked into a well decorated home and wondered, "where did they get all of this stuff?
"  Well, the answer is likely "Home Goods".
Having never been in a Home Goods prior to today, I had no idea what to expect.
Even still, my mind was pretty much blown at how much this store has to offer.
I mean, if there's a single nook in your house that you need filled with something, Home Goods has the answer...for EVERYTHING!!!
When I say they have something for everything, I'm not really exaggerating.
As we were walking through the store to see what it was all about, we encountered so many different sections.
Of course, they have the basics for your home: Lamps, Mirrors/Wall Deco, and Bedding.
Within all of the aforementioned categories, the prices are fantastic.
There are designer names (i.e.
Ralph Lauren) that you're getting for upwards of 60% off http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mHQSN6hYlmVYTED6uAa_2g?select=5NPA_6Jx2tDS4rfF_VlI-w#-LYFUX6jDuYxA10NqikUbw.
The sections of the store that caught me off guard were the sections for Kids, Storage, and Pets.
I don't know why, but I hadn't equated accessories for pets into typical home decor.
Though, after seeing the things they have to offer, it kind of makes sense now.
I mean, after all...pets are a huge part of the family.
We only came in to look around for a little while.
I don't know if it's because this place just opened up, or if Wednesdays are just "the day to shop" in Scottsdale, but the line at the checkout was LOOOOOOOOOOONG!!!
After some of the buzz around this place dies down a little bit, I definitely want to go back and take advantage of some of the great deals this franchise offers in the way of home decor!

Brand new.
Just opened.
Clean and put together nice.
I'm sure the items will be better here than the West Valley seeing its in Scottsdale.
Busy parking lot.
Come early.
Usually Thursdays are the stock days.

I love HomeGoods and was super excited that they were opening up in my backyard.
This store is a lot cleaner and more organized than the one in Desert Ridge.
It could be because they just opened up, but I hope they're able to keep it this way.
Every time I go they always have new merchandise.
HomeGoods is a great place to go if you're looking for cheap home decor or unique gifts like Lilly Pulitzer stationary.

Well, TJ Maxx's chain HomeGoods has finally come to Shea and 90th Street area.
In fact, it's now just a few doors down from their other brand Marshall's.
We've always like their HomeGoods brand, along with Marshall's.
It's also now less of a schlep to come here than to drive over to Desert Ridge    You can find a variety of odd food items such as imported EVOOs, sauces, pasta, and cake mixes and cookware.
They also carry a good selection of home accessories and furniture.
Prices aren't bargain basement, but fair relative to the normal retail markup found in department stores and the Malls.

I love Home Goods and have been shopping with them for years.
Unfortunately, I had one of the absolute worst customer service experiences of my life today at the Scottsdale Home Goods location.
The employee who did NOT help me, Patty, was rude and completely disrespectful.
I was wronged on a return transaction and had to drive out of my way (15 miles each way) to resolve the issue and Patty had the gall to tell me to wait until all of the other customers were taken care of first.
Excuse me!
I am the customer whose transaction was wrong and just drove 15 miles back to the store (having to drive another 15 miles home) and you can't take 2 minutes to resolve a simple issue?
Well, I hope she loses her job because I will be contacting the home office.
If this is the way this store wants to treat customers, then I will make sure something is done about it.
Fortunately, a male employee (possibly the manager) apologized for her a couple times but this woman should not be allowed to utter one word to any customer entering the door.
Thoroughly disappointed and disgusted with this horrific customer service!

Love this location.
It is very well organized, bright, and clean.
I found a ton of great deals and the staff was very helpful.
I bought my daughter a set of dishes for her birthday and they didn't once complain about wrapping each dish seperate and did a great job.
If you can't find what you need and didn't know you needed here, you were not looking!
I always find something I have to have!

We bought an aluminum patio table and 4 chairs today, and we were so thankful that the man who was working the floor at HomeGoods was willing to help us somehow cram it all in to a Honda CRV and a Ford Mustang!
So if anyone says that HomeGoods has great bargains at the expense of good customer service, I'm here to tell you that they are WRONG!
Thanks, and we'll be back!

After visiting a Home Goods in IL, I knew I had to visit the one close to my home.
This Home Goods is large and filled with many goodies.
They have tons of dishes, cookware, and both kitchen supplies and décor.
As an avid rooster collector, they had numerous roster items that I wanted to take home to fill my kitchen pot shelves with.
I had to restrain myself, as I was on a mission to look at their furniture.
(But first I had to wander through the garden section and other home décor.
) The furniture section is on the small side, compared to the other departments.
Unfortunately I didn't find what I had initially came for, but I did purchase some candles and tea.
It was still a win-win situation.
I'd definitely come back in a few months and see what new stock they've got.

I love HomeGoods and I'm so excited that one opened up in this location!!!
They have such a great variety of items and styles, and it's organized well.
Even within the sections it's color coded so it makes it really easy to search specifically if you're trying to find something to match an item in your home.
I love the eclectic furniture pieces.
They have something for everyone's taste and budget.

Love this HomeGoods.
It was probably the best and nicest HomeGoods I have been to in a while.
The employees were super nice and helpful which I liked.
I came in looking for certain things and left with what I wanted and even more things!
The clearance section was huge here!
Great selections and a wide variety of things which was awesome since I love going down sale and clearance isles!
The store is really big and packed with stuff down the isles which is awesome because you always will probably end up leaving with more than you expected!

Oh my lord.
One lady working the register with 7 people in line.
Love seeing the other employees just staring at the line to check out and don't do anything to help the one who's working.
Of course this one that is working is slow as molasses and won't ask for help.
15 minutes just to get a gift card.
2 of the people standing behind me got sick of waiting and left.
As I walked to my car I saw one of the employees strolling in the parking lot.
Come on Ladies, get it together!

I was not impressed by the high dollar mediocre items this brand has to offer.
The biggest difference between Home Goods and Hobby Lobby is the arts and crafts, making Hobby Lobby the better choice

Considering it's basically a merchandise liquidating store at it's core, it's fairly well-organized.
Today's visit was like all others, in that lots of the clearance merchandise was damaged (I can't help myself - it's where I must go first!
) and a bit scattered, but still a bit of organized chaos.
The downside of this location is the staffing.
There is always one lonely lady working the front.
I always see her calling multiple times for cashier backup.
Often, someone comes up and does the fake-out (sees the line, grabs something, makes an apparently important phone call, and leaves the checkout area with the humongous line growing).
Happily, said lone checker is super sweet and apologetic, but I can't help but wonder why the apparent manager or other staff don't care about making patrons wait.
Today it was so long I contemplated leaving my merch on the counter as I walked back to my car, purchase-less.

Probably one of the better HomeStores in the Valley.
I would say this one and Paradise Valley.
Some pretty good finds in this one and the hot women aren't too bad either.

This HomeGoods is the closest one to me in the Valley so whenever I'm looking for something new for my home I tend to gravitate here.
It's very clean and the inventory is always great.
The set up is easy to navigate (lamps, pillows, garden, knick-knacks, etc).
My least favorite thing to do is rummage (unless I'm in a thrift store) and this HomeGoods does not force any rummaging on you!
The quality of the clearance items is hit and miss, but you can usually snag at least one good find for a good rate.
The employees are usually pretty nice, I've had the people help me out in carrying things to my car.
Parking is solid here being that it's in a shopping center.
Overall, this is a great place when you want some items for your home that are good quality and good rates.
I'd say if this is in your area, or even a bit out, check this spot out.
Everyone loves HomeGoods.

