SEE is an amazing eyewear boutique that just opened up on State Street.
My boyfriend and I stopped to look at some frames because the other optometrists on State Street were closed.
The staff was super helpful in suggesting frames and letting you know if they thought it worked for your face shape or not.
They really encourage you to try on all the frames you want.
The sticker price also includes the lenses, so what you see is the total cost (not including tax, I think).
If you do not have a prescription, they have a doctor there on Tues and Thurs who can do an eye exam for $39.
There are so many cool frames in all sorts of colors and shapes, if you wear glasses or sunglasses you should definitely check it out.

I recently jumped on a Groupon deal being offered here ($200 for $45!
) .
Even though I wasn't spending as much money as someone else, I feel like I wasn't treated any differently for it.
I tried on a bunch of glasses on my own, without being pestered, then got help from the friendly male employee in narrowing it down.
I didn't find him, or the female employee also there, pushy at all.
At $189, the chunky tortoiseshell pair I chose was among the least expensive; the priciest I recall was about $349.
(all the sunglasses are $99, though.
) Although I chose one of the cheaper options there was no attempt to upsell me.
I agree with the reviewer below that the frames are more hip than subtle-- lots of plastic/resin and colorful options alongside more conservative metal options.
As a previous reviewer noted, lenses are supposedly included, but this may not be the case if you have very bad vision.
I have an extremely strong prescription and astigmatism, so had to get fancier lenses than the basic free ones.
(This has always been the case for me, though.
) I appreciated that I could pay in two installments.
My glasses got there in about a week.
I came back twice for small adjustments and was treated very hospitably both times, not rushed.
Once they had cupcakes, always a plus.
I definitely recommend See.

This place is pretty cool.
The staff is super-helpful in picking out glasses.
I've been picking out my own frames since I was 6 years old, so I feel like I know what I am doing.
I think I would have picked out the same frames for myself, but I understand why they don't want people just walking around the store touching everything.
The price is a little steep, but I think the quality is better than what you'd get at a discount store.
Bottom line: Check this place out if you want something unique and high-quality and are willing to spend a little bit of money on it.

I love the lenses!
I love the people!
I love the passion!
They can do anything good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Catch my drift?
I completely adore people who love what they do.
Seriously, life is too short and these people love lenses.
I wasn't even in the market for new frames.
To pass time as my sister was picking the perfect pair, the sweetest employee just played with me trying on frames.
She knew her stuff and we had a spectacular discussion on our design and aesthetic preferences.
Loves it.
These people know their stuff.
Customer service at SEE in Ann Arbor was bomb, and this was just as good.
I don't know how they get their employees to be so happy and friendly, but they're doing something right.

See!
You are amazing and wonderful and friendly and just perfect!
I bought a groupon for $200 frames for $30 (um, woah) since I was in the market for new glasses.
My current pair is also from See (in Ann Arbor) so I was super excited to get a discount on those beautiful but expensive specs.
After looking around the store, with help from Teressa, who is amazing by the way, I basically picked out the first pair I tried on.
It had been a while since my last eye exam, so I was able to get a really quick exam done with the resident eye doctor.
He did a great job being thorough but quick and was so friendly.
The exam ran around $39 and are only available on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Everything about See is perfect.
The frames are funky and exquisitely made, the people are beyond BEYOND outstanding, and the care you receive is pretty stellar.
I wouldn't go anywhere else for eyewear!
Go there, now!

Looking for well-designed, interesting glasses at a reasonable price and with great customer service?
GO HERE.
Absolutely fantastic.
A friend of mine in Chicago had told me about this place, so when I saw that one had opened here I decided to check it out.
I was worried it'd be a bit too fashion-y for me, that they'd be "too cool" jerks because I'm a sort of nerdy schlub, but they were totally wonderful.
Just super passionate about what they do.
Some of their opening suggestions for frames were... a little more out-of-the-box than I really wanted to go, but once I gave them an idea of what my tastes were they were really helpful in finding the right fit.
I'm very particular about my glasses and will spend ages looking for the *right* pair, fussing over tiny details I dislike, but all of their glasses are just so thoughtfully designed that I ran into way less of that.
Plenty of things didn't work for me - there's a lot of unconventional frames that you might be wary of - but the things that worked WORKED.
Their prices are also way more reasonable than you'd think from the upscale vibe - another reviewer on here said they were expensive and I don't know where they've been getting their glasses, because I've bought a whole lot of 'em in the last 18 years, and this was on the cheap side compared to, say, Lenscrafters, for something considerably more unique.
I mean, yeah, you can get a pair for less at one of the discount places, but I've never found anything there that met my standards - I mean, they're pretty much part of my face, I want to do it right.
So if you plan on spending several hundred dollars to get new frames anyway, you owe it to yourself to at least check here; it's really nothing like any other glasses store I've ever been to.
Both my roommate and I got glasses here a few months ago, and when we came back last weekend so that she could also get a pair of sunglasses, the manager and staff remembered us and greeted us warmly.
More frames aren't in the budget for me right now, but the instant they are I know where I'll be going.

friendly, helpful, and kind people there.
Check you eyes for glasses by 39$ but if you want a check with the contact lenses it will be 99$.
Frames around 250$ and their lenses by around 100$ I feel it's kind of a little expensive store.

What a great store with such amazing help .these folks know thier biz and are very helpfully and not pushy .
I have bought both glasses for myself and little girl here and have had a really hard time fitting yet they fixed her up and she is so happy with her new little cat eye glasses .
In a nut shell ,  fashion forward frames ,great price ,and the best staff in he biz .

As soon as we walked in, the store manager greeted us.
Excellent service and an awesome assortment of glasses to choose from.
As my husband tried on a few pairs, they asked others what they thought.
Very fun and customer focused!
My next pair will be from See and I'll recommend to friends.

I traveled from Michigan to go to SEE and am very happy I did.
Shawn/Sean was very helpful and very fun.
He made the experience enjoyable for me and people I brought in with me.
It's very customer oriented and I would recommend it for anyone who is looking for good quality and unique frames.
I got my first pair from here and I'm never going else where.

I can't imagine going anywhere else for my glasses!
Shaun/Sean and the entire staff is great!
The doctor is fantastic as well.

I recently bought a new pair of glasses at SEE!
Go check out a full review on www.youreverydaygirl.com/lifestyle.html

I needed new lenses but wanted to keep my old frames.
I had originally come in for an estimate, but the process was so long and tiresome that I decided it was worth it for me to just buy them here.
I found the service to be good but a little bit too aggressive.
The first price I got was $205, which included a $59 discount through a vision discount plan.
He could tell I was uncomfortable with this price, and offered cheaper lenses for $140.
I ended up just going for those, even though I was still skeptical of the price.
Once I filled out all the forms, he told me it would be 7-10 days before I got the glasses back.
This surprised me a lot, since I've only ever had my glasses done in the store, not shipped somewhere else.
I didn't pay too much attention to the glasses in the store, but what I saw looked fashionable.
I'd come back if I was in the market for new frames, but I think if I just need lenses again, I'd go somewhere else.

My husband and I recently went into SEE to browse new frames as we were both in the market for new glasses.
We were blown away by the beautiful selection of stylish and lovely frames.
Even more so, we were impressed by the outstanding customer service we were offered.
The staff at SEE have cultivated a service style that is very helpful without being at all overbearing.
They gave us both excellent suggestions and were very insightful and honest about the different frames we each tried on.
In the end, we both walked away with new glasses we LOVED that were a reasonable price, too.
I would got back to SEE in a second, and I would highly recommend them to anyone in the market for new glasses or sunglasses.

Everyone I know in Madison gets their glasses here and I always loved how they looked so I decided to check them out myself.
It's a great place to get original and fun frames.
The people there are very attentive, personal and helpful (they will not be afraid to tell you how you look in a pair) so don't come here if you'd prefer to look at glasses in peace.
I didn't mind though - I loved the help and walked out with a pair of glasses I love and people do not stop complimenting me on them!
They get new frames in very frequently, but they sell quickly so if you find a pair you like, you should buy them because they may not be there the next time you come in.
The prices are a bit high, but worth it since every pair is original.
I used a Groupon so keep an eye out for discounts.
My pair would have cost around $400, but I ended up spending less than $200.
I did pay for some extras such as some special type of lens.
It is A LOT clearer than the other lenses in the glasses I already had, but they smudge very easily so I would recommend buying the cleaner, the big bottle only costs $5.
Beware, SEE is addicting.
I used to hate shopping for glasses and now I can't wait to get another pair.
When you buy 5 pairs, you get the 6th free so I  will be working my way towards that.

Best staff - so helpful and will give you honest feedback on frames.
They're not afraid to say "ick" if you look bad in a frame.
Love the selection - great lab services.
Glasses look great and I can SEE.

I enjoyed my experience on Wednesday picking out a new frame for my regular glasses.
They have a lot of cool frames - what is very neat is that the company only makes a 100 pairs nationwide of any frame that they sell.
Chanel was my sales person, and she did a terrific job helping me pick out frames that would look good on me.
She wasn't aware of how many complimentary comments have been made about her on Yelp.
By only complaint about this company is that they won't answer the phone if they have too many customers in the store at that moment.
I left it ring twice for 12 rings each time.
Finally on the 3rd attempt someone answered.
When I was in the store, I told Sean and Chanel that I didn't believe that this was a good policy.
I made the assumption that the store was closed.
I didn't want to come down, and fool with paid parking if they weren't open.
I suggested that a caller should at least get some kind of message when he calls in.
Sean told me that he would take it up with management - perhaps an answering machine would be the solution to the unanswered calls.
This is a boutique eye wear shop so the frames are a little more avant-garde than what you would find, say at a LensCrafters.
So if you're not into that kind of frame then I don't think that this is the place for you.

Ok, here's the deal.
You can continue to go to optical places that yes, have cheaper frames or special deals promising you two pairs of glasses for $99, but you will also find that their frames are old-school and dated, that their service is mediocre, and that you'll leave wearing the same kind of glasses you've been wearing since grade school.
Glasses that no one notices.
Glasses that don't make a statement.
Glasses that are booorrrrrinnnngg.
OR, you can go to SEE Eyewear on State Street, put yourself in Shawn's awesomely competent, honest, and helpful hands, and emerge with glasses that make a statement, glasses that are actually FUN to wear.
Shawn and his staff will help you pick out frames that will work for your prescription and that look fantastic on you - and believe me, he'll tell you if the ones you think you like look awful on you - and they'll do their best to get you a good deal on 'em.
I just got my third pair of glasses here - two of which I purchased using the Groupon they seem to semi-regularly offer -  I don't see myself buying glasses anywhere else.

