This restaurant just opened up on Monday, Oct 15.
I live in the neighborhood and have been waiting for a breakfast place to open near by.
It is located right next to the LA Fitness on Dobson and Warner Ave.
The place is decorated very warm and friendly.
I was immediately greeted by a friendly staff (Kristina).
I was seated and the waitress was at my table in a minute.
The menu looked good.
I ordered the breakfast special, Eggs and Kielbasa.
The food was served fast and hot.
I also had their biscuit with the freezer made strawberry jam.
Wow, it is very good.
The coffee was very good.
All in all, this is the cafe I was hoping for, and it opened within 1 mile from my home.
I will return Friday morning and treat a group of my friends to a breakfast.
Good luck Biscuits... "I'll be back.

This is a great new breakfast place.
I am being generous with the five stars because they are new and have still managed to do a great job.
Usually, new places have lots of hiccups to work out but this place seems to be dialed-in.
The staff was great.
Our server, Susie, was very sweet and attentive.
I had the Joe's Scramble.
The bacon chunks they mixed in made this an awesome dish.
I will definitely order it again.
This may sound funny, but the wheat toast was really good.
It tasted fresh and the jelly appeared to be made by the restaurant because it was not the usual pre-packaged stuff.
The coffee had a delicious robust flavor.
For my seven-year-old, we ordered the eggs, pancake and sausage patty.
He gobbled it all up.
I tried his pancakes - very fluffy and delicious.
The hot chocolate he ordered came with whipped cream and chocolate sauce drizzled on top.
He was so excited by how fancy it looked.
Their menu was really diverse but not complicated.
I had trouble ordering because they had at least 4 different items I wanted to try.
Again, even though they're new, it looks like they hired really nice people and that always makes things work out in the end.
I will be coming back soon, especially since it's 3 blocks away from me.

Great breakfast!
The cinnamon roll french toast and meat lovers omelette are top notch!
Biscuts and fresh jam are terrific.

It's Sunday morning, I'm hungry and it's about 10:30 a.m.
I've been waiting for this place to open for weeks, and it finally is.
The servers were super attentive and friendly.
I had the Florentine Eggs Benedict, which was in one word, AMAZING.
My friend had the Veggie Head Omelet which she loved.
The portions are generous and they are good about refilling beverages.
If you like hash browns, this is the place to come, they are cooked perfectly and not one bit greasy.
The homemade jam was delish.
The menu has some great options for breakfast and lunch.
Thanks for opening in my neighborhood.
I'll be back for sure!

Hey y'all!
I was so excited to see a new breakfast place settle into what I think is a very prime location - perfect for a huge residential neighborhood that doesn't want to travel north to Good Egg, east to Ihop or south for Mimi's.
I ordered the corned beef hash (one of my personal favorites that is not always on a breakfast menu, crazy - I know right?
)  Husband wanted the Florentine Benedict without the spinach, but got talked into the Avocado, the kids chocolate chip pancakes.
I had a nibble ... well ... okay, I had like three nibbles and it was a very yummy pancake.
They were excited about their hot chocolates - the do a great job presenting it!
I liked my corned beef hash, but it was probably a little on the healthy side :) as it wasn't oozing with salt.
But that's actually a good thing because I'm trying to watch my portions and the salt would have begged me to devour the whole thing.
There was enough meat and potatoes for three breakfasts.
It was huge.
Poor husband.
He wanted the Florentine without the spinach because it's more like the Eggs Benedict he's accustomed to.
The server suggested the Avocado thinking that would be better but it didn't have HAM.
So he was a little deflated.
The hollandaise smelled very strong to me for some reason.
We ordered a side of bacon to compensate and while it was 4 slices of natural cut bacon, that was $4 worth of bacon.
Which leads me to the biggest beef ... it's probably a tad pricier than Good Egg and definitely pricier than Ihop.
So I had to nick a star, sorry guys.
Would I go back?
Definitely - I like the convenient location - maybe next time I'll try something a little 'easier' on the eyes.
And I like that it hasn't caught on just yet.
WHO WANTS TO WAIT FOR BREAKFAST?!
I am somewhat a patriot too, so I loved the wood paneled wall that had the Bill of Rights and Constitution framed ... made my heart feel good.
4 stars for good intentions ... and sorry for the long post ... it's a new place and I just wanted to make sure the people were informed.

I tried this place for the first time on Saturday and was very happy that I did.
This is going to be one of my favorite breakfast places!
The staff was top notch with fast friendly service.
I had the ham and eggs with a pancake and hash browns.
Everything was very flavorful and cooked perfectly.
My friend had the made from scratch corned beef hash and it looked awesome so I will want to try that myself next time.
They had a sign on the door "We don't serve fast food, we serve good food as fast as we can"  The strawberry preserves were really good, I was tempted to buy a jar of them on my way out.
Price was reasonable for the quality and quantity of food I received.
I will definitely be a regular here!

Meh, not so good.
The place was clean and the service was good but the food not so much.
I had the corned beef hash.
It was fresh but it had huge pieces of corned beef and not hashy enough for me.
The potatoes in the hash were crunchy not cooked enough.
My husband had a Belgian waffle and sausage links.
The links were cooked through but the texture was soft and mushy it felt like eating raw pork.
My aunt had 1/2 sandwich and chicken noodle soup she said it wasn't anything special.
Plus neither my aunt or husband like strong coffee and that is all they offer.
You can't please everyone but that's why there is Yelp.

We were really excited to try this new breakfast place, but never got the chance to eat there.
We arrived on a busy Saturday morning, and joined the line to seated.
There were plenty of employees and places to sit,  but no one was acting as host/hostess.
We really should of cut our losses there, but we waited.
We finally were seated, and  for 10 minutes with no server, or anyone acknowledging us.
It was strange.
As we looked around only 1 table out of 10 or so had food.
We gave up and left.
I am not sure if the staff wasn't trained properly or there was no manager directing people.
There was a bunch of staff but they weren't really helping anyone.
We really wanted to try this place out, but the lack of service made it not possible.

If you like hash browns, this is the place to go for homemade.
There is a generous amount  and the outside crispy and not greasy and with the inside loosely shredded,  soft without being too mushy.
The bacon slices are thick and the kiebasa sausage tasty.
The pancake is a little too thick for my liking, but that is all a personal preference.
Our first visit and definitely will go back to try other things on menu.

I've already come to Biscuits about 20 times since they've opened, and I can say that they excel in everything I would hope for in a breakfast place: the food is great, the service strong, the atmosphere clean and inviting, and the wait not overwhelming.
All of the french toast options are amazing (especially the Almond crusted kind) and the omelettes are solid (although the chorizo is on the mild side if you're opting for that.
)  I love this place and hope it has a long and successful future.

My husband and I met a friend here for Sunday brunch.
There was a decent crowd, but we didn't have to wait long for a table.
The service was fast and efficient.
I enjoyed the coffee, but after perusing their menu, I kind of wish I had tried the cafe mocha since the coffee was nothing too special.
I ordered off of the "Keeping it Simple" section, where you basically get to choose three of the numerous options listed.
I did enjoy the sweet potato pancake, but as for everything else, it was pretty standard breakfast stuff.
My husband ordered the biscuits and gravy, which is their specialty.
He wasn't too impressed with it, perhaps because it was lacking in flavor.
Overall, we'd probably go back, but as far as brunch places go, this one was decent, but not very memorable.

I drive by this place several days each week, intrigued yes.
One would think with a name of Biscuits that would be a signature dish, wrong!
I arrived around 0900 Sunday, the parking lot about half full.
Seats were placed outside the front door,maybe a sign the food is good if there is a que.
Upon my arrival the place was maybe one-third full, you could select your table with ease.
I ordered the biscuits and gravy,egg with cheese, and 2 buttermilk pancakes.
The service was pretty quick,food arrived timely.
But that is where the good review ends.
The butter on the pancakes would not melt, little surprise as the pancakes were like room temperature.
The eggs were cold,and the biscuit and gravy same.
The biscuit was like 2 inches in diameter, pretty small.
The plate the meal was served on was room temp at best, maybe that contributed to the cold food and maybe there was a delay in brining my food to me.
Bottom line, terrible experience.
Who likes a cold breakfast.
I WONT be back.
You gotta be kiddin!!

We stopped her on a whim.
So glad we did!
Ordered Southwest Delight - Three scrambled eggs with spicy chorizo sausage, bell pepper, onions and tomatoes with sour cream & avocado slices.
SO TASTY.
Also ordered Almond Crusted French Toast - Thick egg bread dipped in our egg batter & encrusted with almond-cinnamon breading and grilled to perfection.FANTASTIC!
Bacon is thick and meaty and coffee is strong yet smooth.
Seriously impressed with this place.
Check it out.

Thought we would check it out as we heard from a friend who works here the food is fantastic.
We are typically leary of new places but today was the day and we drove over to Warner and Dobson to Biscuits Cafe.
We didn't feel like waiting the usual wait time at another favorite location and hoped this place would be quicker.
We were seated immediately and confused as the one seating us, a server, stated she would return with our drinks and then another server came to get our drink order.
No biggie but that was the only thing quickly that happened.
There were four of us and we ordered an omelet, another omelet and two biscuit and gravy breakfasts.
Nothing special ordered.
No changes to the menu.
Literally, 45 minutes later, I asked our server if there was an issue with our meal and did we order something difficult.
She explained the kitchen was very backed up which was odd as the restaurant was NOT full with several open tables AND three tables seated well after us had already received their meals, finished them and two were just about to cash out.
Finally, at 53 minutes from the time of order, we received our food which was wonderful.
Spectacular taste, serving sizes and not cold in the slightest.
Was the wait worth it?
Not really but it was quite satisfying.
The manager comp'd our entire meal as an apology which was nice but still, I'm not sure I want to try this again.
Three stars only because of the slow meal preparation and obvious mistruth as to the reason.

I decided to take my boyfriend out for a nice Sunday breakfast at a nice little cafe around the corner from his house.
We arrived a little after 11AM and had to wait about 15 minutes.
Once we were seated, we noticed how cute the decor inside was and how many great choices the menu offers.
I decided to get an omellete, red potatoes and biscuits and gravy.
We waited about 15 minutes for food but everything that came out was good.
Service was spotty but not complaining.
I would come back to try some of the other menu items.

Super disappointed.
We waited for about 10 minutes to get a table, which isn't bad on a Sunday morning, and were promptly greeted by our server.
Everything went downhill from there.
The drinks took several minutes, then she brought the wrong one.
We ordered our food immediately after that, then waited.
And waited.
Fortunately my 1, 3, and 5 year olds were behaving well, because we waited 45 minutes for our food.
Our server was nowhere to be found when our drinks ran dry, until we managed to flag down a busser and asked him to have our server come over.
She acted surprised that our drinks were empty, then offered to get the kids food out first.
I don't know why she could get that out quickly, but not our other 2 dishes, but ok.
Right when I was going to say forget it, we had to be somewhere, our food came out.
My eggs Benedict were essentially hard boiled, the hash browns were burned on the top and cold in the middle, English muffin burned, etc.
I ate what I could, but it was really pretty inedible.
The manager comped our meal after hearing about the wait and the bad food, which was very nice of him, but I really can't see going back.
If the service and food isn't good, why go?
I think this place is doomed to go the way of Anise, the delicious Vietnamese place that used to be there.
:-/

When it 1st opened it was like a secret place but it seems to be getting busier.
We love it here--good and consistent.
If we bring the pups and sit outside, they are very accommodating to us.
Wish the outdoor was bigger and more shaded, enjoy sitting out.
Everything I've ordered has been good.
Great price and portions.
Close to home.
Biscuits and strawberry jam is sooo good.
Yes the biscuits are small but, who cares, they are good.
One day we had an extra long food wait so our waitress brought us out biscuits and jam to snack on--great service!

Tried to eat here at 11am this morning....not able to.
Waited 1 hour and 15 minutes and only got served our drinks.
Told it would be yet another 10 or more minutes before we would be served.
Manager offered to pick up the check if we stayed, but we we on our way somewhere else and couldn't wait any longer.
Too bad food going past us looked like it was good.
Might try going back at an earlier time.
Until then, and until service improves, I can't give a great score.

I wish I'd has as good an experience as others with this cafe.
My bacon was burned and the coffee smelled and tasted burned as well.
This cafe is priced higher and the food quality is lower than other breakfast eateries in the area.
I certainly won't be back.

The Service and Food are great!!
Natalie and Richard took very goog care of me.
It's not often I remember the servers names but this place feels like home.
The food was hot and tasty.
A real family hot spot, the kids had a blast.
We needed a new breakfast place in Chandler and Biscuits fills the void.
The Jams and Jellies are out of this world.
Will be back many times over.

We were there at 11AM on Mother's Day, fairly crowded but 2 or 3 tables were available inside and several outside.
We were seated quickly, a pleasant environment, bright and inviting.
Service was prompt and friendly.
Wife ordered a breakfast special at $9.99 - Chicken fried chicken, a huge platter with one smallish sized fried chicken cutlet smothered in white sausage gravy, a large portion of hash browns (could have been cooked a bit longer but tasty) 2 eggs cooked perfectly as desired, and a side dinner plate of 2 (plate sized)  pancakes with butter and syrup on the side (tender and tasty).
I had a dish off of their lunch menu - Fish & Chips consisting of french fries (not fried long enough, fair sized portion), a cup (about 6 oz.
) of cole slaw (fair tasting, could have used more dressing), 2 slices of texas toast, fried on one side (would have been better on both sides) and of course fried codfish, crispy, delishious, fresh tasting but the portion consisted of 3 skimpy pieces (approximately 1 1/2 inches by 3 1/2 by 3/4 inch thick).
At $10.99 there should have been another 2 pieces.
We drank milk and iced tea, nice sized large glasses.
If the fish and the chicken portions were bigger and the potatoes were fried longer I would be returning but alas I doubt I will, unless I get another "buy one get the second entree free coupon".
I would have given them 2 1/2 stars if I could, not quite 3.

Wanted to try a new place out for breakfast.
I remembered this place so I decided to check it out.
I have to say I looked over the reviews before hand, of course, and was a little jaded by some of the bad reviews.
I arrived and was greeted and seated right away.
It looked like a very nice place.
Small but not tiny and pretty busy.
I saw on the chalkboard in front that the Blueberry Pancake Combo was featured today.
I thought it was a special but saw it on the menu and realized it was just featured.
So server came over and was very nice.
Took the drink order.
Those came back pretty quick.
Then placed the food order.
He was very helpful even with a very particular special order.
Food came out in a timely manner and piping hot.
Pancakes were a good size and very good.
Blueberries were fresh.
Bacon was nice and thick and just right.
Eggs were done just the way I had asked.
Everything was very good.
Even tried one of their biscuits.
How can you not when that is the name of the place and they were really good too.
Pancakes really filled me up could not finish.
Stuffed in a good way.
Overall, I thought the food was great, service was good and fast, the prices weren't bad and the place was nice and clean.
I don't understand the bad reviews unless they came on a bad day or not everyone can be pleased.
Don't know but I will be back to try out some of the other stuff on the menu that looked good.
It was nice to find a new place for breakfast especially after some old favorites have gone down hill recently.

This place has a solid breakfast menu that includes generous portions and tasty dishes.
Accordingly, it has become one of my regular spots to get a sleep-in, roll-out-of-bed weekend late breakfast.
Not all of the dishes are my favorites, however.
I tried the almond-crusted French toast and found it a bit heavy and bland.
The almond crust seems to nullify the eggy goodness that usually defines French toast.
I recommend the Cinnamon Apple French toast instead.
The cooked apples and cream cheese are so luxurious that you forget to drizzle maple syrup on top!
As for the biscuits and gravy, I do find this to be a palatable dish but woefully underseasoned.
They have nailed the creaminess of the gravy, but I feel they could step up the sausage and seasoning to make this dish really shine.
The bacon here is thick and cooked to perfection, and I have never had any serious issues with the service, although I think sometimes the wait staff needs a tiny amount of prodding to stay on task.
In summary, I'm delighted to have this restaurant in my neighborhood and plan on coming here repeatedly in the forseeable future.

Alright, I was pretty impressed with this place the first time 5 months ago.
Since then I have gone back because of that and even bringing others here.
Now I have changed my review because they have continually disappointed me.
They never seem to get my eggs cooked the way I like them.
The corn beef hash use to be fresh and plentiful and now they are skimpy and dry.
The bacon (use to give 4 and now only 3?
) my husband ordered was greasy and not crispy.
He likes his toast to be well toasted and they brought them out completely burnt.
It was sent back and all they did was scrape some of the burnt off the toast.
Our eggs were either underdone or overcooked.
They didn't even look appetizing.
The last time we were there the manager saw what was happening but didn't even come to our table to apologize.
So disappointing each time and we kept giving them another chance.
Their quantity and quality has gone down.
Most plates being fairly pricey at 10 bucks a plate for breakfast,  we think now its not worth it.
Their motto "fresh and fast",  I think NOT.

Oddly, the biscuits weren't all that great, but the gravy was good.
It seemed like the biscuits were the kind of standard mass produced products that you would expect at at a supermarket.
I like my biscuits toasted on top and I like them to have a taste and texture beyond bland spongy bread -- especially considering this is their signature food.
The biscuits were rather small considering the price -- and the gravy wasn't hot.
If I didn't know better the cafe used Pillsbury dough for their biscuits.
Eeek!
Overall BC is a great  place to get a meal that tastes very homemade.
The red potatoes are heavenly and the french toast is about the best I have had.
The coffee was good too.
The corned beef is good but I wouldn't recommend ordering this with red potatoes because the potatoes used to make the hash are very similar.
You end up with a big plate of potatoes.
The eggs are disappointing.
When I order two eggs I want two separate eggs, not one big round thing containing two egg yolks.
I came during off hours.
The service was very good and friendly.
To me BC seemed sort of high priced, but the quality made the experience worth it.

Food was very good.
Homemade & satisfying .
I will return.
Server wasn't very pleasant but the food made up for that.

Very cool place !!
Has misters out side  had a good breakfast   That's my review thank you for reading!!!!

"If you don't eat all your vegetables there won't BE an economic recovery!
" said a frustrated mom to her son right as our group passed her table one recent summer afternoon for a quick lunch.
Or at least that's what it sounded to ME like she was saying.
The server sat us in right about the middle of the restaurant and my seat faced the window where I could see the Dobson road traffic passing by.
I studied the menu looking for something to catch my eye and appetite.
I settled on the BBQ Western Bacon Burger.
Portions were huge and you get a lot of bang for the buck.
The burger was alright but nothing that makes me want to come running back over here for another one.
One of my dining companions got the Classic Club sandwich for $10.49 and holy fecal matter, batman!
That sandwich was huuuuuuuge!
I think that one was definitely meant for sharing.
Heck, you could probably feed a family of four with that as long as nobody in that family requires two seats for air travel.
But that's a secret for now apparently.
The place wasn't packed when we came by.
Not sure if this place that once housed the slightly overpriced Vietnamese restaurant Anise (which probably couldn't compete with the two cheaper Vietnamese joints right across the street in the Lee Lee's mall) will make it into our lunch rotation or not.
I do know one thing - if I find myself starving and low on cash, the Classic Club is definitely an awesome value meal!

What can I say about this place FIRST?!?!?!
It was insane and we got there at 10:45...I am assuming the crowd that wakes up late because we did!!!
We were politely greeted and seated immediately.
If your server is Darryl I can assure you that your drink will never be empty and he even brought us a drink to GO!
To say that guy ROCKS is an understatement.
He was on the move and we never went without anything.
For the first time there it was a definite thumbs up and Darryl made the entire experience for me.
He almost read our minds!!
Thanks Darryl!

I live right around the corner from this new brunch spot.
Finally tried it and it's my new favorite!
Very friendly staff and yummy food!
I love their biscuits and their homemade strawberry jam is to die for.
Haven't had a meal I didn't like yet.
The only thing I did not like was the giant glob of butter served on the cinnamon roll.
This is personal preference though, so I certainly do not fault for that!

Best breakfast place in Chandler!!
Hands down, this place has the BEST pancakes.
I took my kids here a few days ago and everyone loved it - pancakes, omelet, and French toast.
Service was very friendly.
They have a nice patio that will be great in the fall.
We will be back!

This place is like a half mile from our house and we finally got around to trying it.
Impressive menu and the place is bigger than it looks from the road.
Chicken fried steak and eggs were great and the service was friendly and very attentive.
Definitely will be returning.

I tell ya, I've eaten here twice and will go back, but it's been interesting each time.
Most of the "interesting" vibe centers around the servers.
The first time, Mr. M and I both had regular bacon and egg breakfasts with an added order of B & G.  The place is named Biscuits for God's sake, so we must try the B.
The bacon is spectacular.
It was cooked perfectly and tasted and smelled how a BBQ smokehouse does.
Loved that.
Everything else was fine, except for the B & G.  It must have been an exception, because other reviewers have raved about it, but ours had 2 hard, dry biscuits.
No amount of gravy is going to soften those up in the 2 minutes it's at our table.
And speaking of the gravy, I could taste an overwhelming floury, pasty flavor and texture to the gravy.
My guess is someone was over-baked themselves that morning and made a thin batch of gravy and then went overboard with the flour or cornstarch or roux or whatever they use to thicken it.
I'm chalking that up as a fluke and will try those again.
Our server on the first visit was just straight up weird.
She acted like she didn't want to get too close to the table and would stand behind my left shoulder to talk to us, then would hustle away after we gave our orders.
Very strange.
The second time was a great visit overall, other than our server, Richard.
We were the only table seated outside at that time and it was a lovely sunny morning just before the heat ratcheted up.
When Richard greeted us he was very friendly and all smiles.
He took our order and that's the last we saw of him until it was check time.
They give you very teeny water glasses and those were empty in no time.
I also had a café mocha and that was very tasty and pretty as well.
I would definitely have that again.
The lack of water refills was annoying, but if I get annoyed enough I'll get up and go ask for more.
The avocado benedict was absolutely perfect.
The English muffin was toasted and then the eggs were cooked about medium.
Runny yolk, but not watery.
And the avocado was fresh, creamy deliciousness.
Fresh tomatoes as well that tasted like they were from the garden.
That meal was so good I'm going to have a hard time trying something else when I go back.
Mr. M got a regular bacon and egg breakfast but added a pancake so we could give that a try.
Everything he ordered was delicious as well.
We were eating kind of slowly for a change and just enjoying the morning and the weather when a busboy came on out and didn't say a word, but reached over us to attempt to grab the plate with a half-eaten pancake.
Oh no.
Oh no.
You do not want to risk losing a digit by doing that.
I was kind of shocked he didn't say a word, and I politely informed him we weren't finished yet.
I asked for more water, but never got it.
Ten minutes later here comes long-lost Richard, all smiles, presenting us with the check and thanking us profusely for coming in....laying it on pretty thick.
Richard, do you think I was born yesterday?
Your performance today earned you about a 12% tip, maybe less if I wasn't in such a good mood.
Servers should always come back and check about 2 minutes after the food has been dropped, and then about 10-15 minutes later and have their eyes open for drink refills.
At a minimum.
I learned it and lived it.
You can too.

Had a wonderful breakfast here.
I really enjoyed their way of doing potatoes and of course the biscuits are light and tasty!

Wow, Biscuits I love you!
Thank you for opening up in my neighborhood.
I love to support non-corporate food establishments and to see "mom & pop's" do well.
It's the American dream, right?
I have been here at least 10 times.
Everything I've had tastes homemade.
This is no greasy spoon kind of joint.
There was once a corned beef eggs Benedict as a special and it was spectacular!
I have asked for it since and they will happily make it for me.
It is definitely homemade with large meaty chunks of corned beef.
To die for!
The French toast is also very, very good and usually what I order.
The difficult choice is which one to order.
I think there is four options.
I have had the almond crusted once and cinnamon roll version a few times.
The almond crusted was really delicious, but I keep going back to the cinnamon roll version.
Imagine cinnamon rolls sliced, dipped in egg batter and cooked to perfection.
I order the grilled ham with it.
They cook it so it is browned on the edges, but still moist and not dried out.
Just the way I like it.
I have taken friends and family to my new favorite breakfast place and all have really enjoyed the food and great service.
They are a very friendly staff.
I stopped in for lunch once and had the turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce.
It wasn't bad, I was just underwhelmed.
Their breakfasts just set the bar to a higher standard.
I have heard that the burgers are great.
Maybe next time I'll try one.

Let me tell you about the amazing breakfast I had last Sunday.
Having mentally bookmarked Biscuits Cafe several times, we finally pulled the trigger to check it out.
On the outside, the restaurant is unassuming, so I'll do the bragging for them.
Despite it looking busy, we were seated right away.
Our waitress came by to wish us a good morning and pour us coffee and water.
Their coffee mugs have a sleek black design with their red logo - also for purchase on the way out.
We pored through the menu calling attention to the great variety of breakfast specialties: Corned beef hash, black oak kielbasa, chicken apple sausage...
I could go on.
I ordered the Kielbasa, that came with two eggs, hash browns and a choice of biscuits, toast or pancakes.
I chose the biscuits, which were soft and warm, tearing apart easily for me to lather on butter and what tasted like strawberry preserves.
I don't often share amazing food, but I had to give my girlfriend a taste so she could see what I was raving about.
Let me also point out that the hash browns are no ordinary helping.
They overflow along the sides of your plate, offering a wonderfully tasty crunch and fresh potato underneath.
And, the Kielbasa had just enough spicy, smoky tenderness to satisfy even the pickiest of sausage fans.
If my girlfriend hadn't ordered the Avocado Benedict, I would have.
Fans of poached egg and hollandaise creations, look no further!
These come with tomato and avocado, hash browns or red potatoes.
Well assembled and not runny or soggy.
Definitely in my top 3 of Benedict's ever tasted.
It was hard to leave food on my plate, but I had to.
I was just too full to keep going.
I can't wait until the next Sunday morning when I can come back for Round 2!

I've been driving by Biscuits since it opened.
It's within walking distance of home.
On a regular basis, I looked at it and thought "I should try that some time.
"  Hey, it only took a year!
After chauffeuring my mom around town this morning, we stopped in to grab lunch.
The menu offers a wide variety of breakfast and lunch entrees, and yes, breakfast is served all day.
I opted for the California club.
It was enormous.
It came smothered in cheese, with perfectly crisp, thick-cut bacon, and the most amazing avocado slices I have ever seen.
The turkey was adequate.
Nice ciabatta bread, just the right amount of squishy.
My potato salad, on the other hand, was more like cold mashed potatoes.
If you like smooth potato salad, you'll probably like this.
If not, pick another side.
Mom went for the cranberry turkey sandwich.
It was notable not only for the fact that it came with cream cheese (weeeird), but that the cream cheese was--I crap you not--a good quarter-inch-thick layer between the bread and the turkey.
She reported it to be good, which was probably true since all conversation stopped once she dug in.
Our waitress was on top of things and kept the iced tea flowing.
I'd go back.
And I probably will, to check out the breakfast offerings.

Very good!
About as good as a breakfast joint can be.
Service was very good, quick food service.
Friendly neighborhood restaurant, would come back anytime.

Nestled into the corner of a small shopping center, Biscuit's Cafe can be easily missed if you're on the run and not really looking for a spot to sit and eat.
But to those who know about it and those hungry enough to check it out are rewarded with large portions and good service.
On a sunny Friday morning, the wife and I were looking for a place to have breakfast while visiting friends in the Chandler/Tempe Area.
A quick Yelp search uncovered this little place nearby and decided to give it a try.
The cafe is small enough to miss, but does have outdoor seating if needed and a decent sized dining room.
The prices are fair and not over the top, with both breakfast and lunch offerings ranging in the 7-11 dollar range.
For the amount of food that you receive, I'd say that it's a good deal.
I had the meat lover's breakfast with pancakes and she had the corned beef hash with biscuits.
The food was good, but nothing overly astonishing.
The corned beef hash was obviously home made, which did make it special, but the meat to potato ratio seemed to be a bit meat heavy (which to some, wouldn't be a bad thing).
The service we received was attentive, and friendly, although a little sparse, having to flag down our server more than once to get some beverage refills.
A manager also visited our table to see how we were doing.
Overall, it's a nice little place to have breakfast.
The prices are decent and the atmosphere is great for what it is.
Food is good, but average.

Food and service are superb!!
Hash browns are to die for!!!
Definitely going to be a regular here now!

If you're in the mood for great home-style breakfast, this is the place to go!
It's my new favorite breakfast hangout.
Try the chicken fried steak...
It's off the hook!

A good breakfast close to home and they stay open a little later than many breakfast spots.
Good service too?

Always good!
Never fails

I went to the website first to  contact them and wasn't going to yelp them.
I live close by and have been here a few times.
Every single time something is messed up.
My honest opinion is that its the management.
They need to train their employees.
Some things are not common sense.
For example during todays breakfast the waitress think her name is Michelle came over and asked the girlfriend if she wanted a refill.
Because she had basically been slow the entire meal I asked for one also mine was half full.
On the way to fill it up she stops and takes an order.
Setting out drinking on a resting table.
Common sense is that when I'm eating my meal I want to have a beverage at the same time.
And I do not want to wait for you to take an order from silver hairs which predictably  took a long time to place the order so I got up and took my drink back.
No apology.
No recognition that a mistake had been made.
Maybe she didn't realize that is not the proper way to serve a table.
Tip.
When someone flags you down while you are doing a refill tell them you just have to refill the drink and you will be right back.
So maybe things aren't common sense like when you serve potatoes.
You can't mix two batches together.
One that is crispy and another one that is raw.
You actually want to try to have your food come out consistent.
They should always be cooked the same.
Customers are not very crazy about having a few raw potatoes in every bite.
This is not the first time I have had issues at this place.
It is a cute place and they do have the best Jelly I have ever had ever.
So at some point in time some one knew what they where doing.
But maybe when they setup shop in Arizona they sent out someone who was not qualified to train and open new restaurants.
I would like to believe if you go to Oregon they operate better.
I wish I could remember what some of the previous issues were.
But I know it has been 6 months and mistake I tried it again.
Thing is if they cared about doing things properly they would have feedback forms in the restaurant.
And maybe a way on the website to send a message.
I'm not going to send snail mail to the corporate office to complain.
So hopefully they read this review get better management and train their employees cooks and servers.
This could be a great restaurant with a little care and TLC.
So you are warned.
It's a roll of the dice if you will have a good or bad experience.

Bacon bacon bacon!!!!!
Awesome!!!
Some of the best think crunchy bacon I have had.
Been here several times and each time I am greeted with a smile and great service.
The food is always fast and has great flavor.
You can really tell that the owners care about service and their customers.
Keep it up I will be coming back for more.
Thank you.

Don't bother.
My husband and I tried the new Tempe location yesterday.
We arrived about a half hour before closing and were the only customers.
While I get that the employees probably want to get out of work as quickly as I do when it's time to leave work, in a restaurant I expect to get the same experience near closing time as the person who came at opening time.
The iced tea containers were being emptied and if we had wanted to sit on the patio under the umbrellas -- forget it -- the umbrellas were taken down and by the time we got our food we had watched an employee run a cable through all of the tables and chairs and lock them up tight.
The food was just okay, and rather pricey I thought.
I can go to the diner down the street and get far more food for half the price.
My Hollandaise sauce was rather lumpy, and the red potatoes "with great seasoning" were nothing special.

i dont give out a five star to easily.... here's the low down... PROS: Excellent service.
..fresh  homemade food  (i had the chic fried steak amazing) Delicious  homemade  jam  ..Best biscuits and gravy in valley (could almost pass as my own).
The coffee is flavorful not watered down chicory.
CONS: Serving portion could be your next 3 meals with a price tag to match.

Came here for brunch with the fam after church.
Customer service was fantastic.
We were greeted warmly and sat right away.
Coffee and waters came out quickly.
I was a little taken a back by the prices, with the average being $10-11 bucks, but when the food came out I understood why...the portions are HUGE.
My mom and I split a meal and we couldn't even finish it.
The food was pretty decent.
I got the apple chicken sausage meal.
I was excited for the sausage but it was pretty bland.
Pancakes and eggs were good.
Potatoes were greasy and chewy, Coffee was good.
My sister got one of the specialty egg Benedict's and the whole plate was covered in gravy.
Didn't look appealing to me but my sister said it tasted pretty good.
I didn't like that they charged us an extra $2.50 to share a plate.
Overall, it was a good experience.
I also think the decor is cozy and adorable.
Quality of the food could be taken up a notch or 2 though.

Really good homemade tasting food.
Pancakes were so light and fluffy and yummy.
I would say the same prices as the ihops junk but waaay better.
I use to go to the good egg but no longer this is my breakfast spot now

Awesome Place.
French Toast is great.
Biscuits are fluffy and taste great.
Super helpful and courteous staff.

Went out for Sunday breakfast.
I had The Country Benedict.
Poached eggs on a biscuit with a sausage patty and fried red potatoes.
It was delicious.
My friend had the pumpkin pancakes.
Hers was also delicious.
The service was excellent.
Our server was friendly and courteous.
Definitely going back again.

Can't rate the food here as the service or lack of service forced us to leave.
Apparently going on a non weekend day and not being a regular impacts your ability to be served.
Also I apparently did a big no no by bringing in the last of my iced Starbucks (sorry my bad), and because I ordered water (fyi I don't drink coffee), my starbucks was an iced chai.
But instead of advising me I couldn't bring my drink in (which I would have been fine with) they stand behind our booth and talk about me, my starbucks and my water request.
BTW, I finished my chai within 3 mins of entering.
We waited 15 more minutes for someone to come and take our order (never happened).
Wow immature much, thanks but no thanks.
We left and went to BLD.

This is a great place to grab brunch if you're not an early riser.
The prices are a bit high, but hey, if you want breakfast during lunch hours then that's the price I guess.
The place was cozy and spacious with friendly service.
This was my first visit to Arizona, and the French toast with berries instantly made my day.
It was divine!
The berries were fresh, and the French toast was soft and sweet.
The syrup was just the right amount of sweetness as it is not stark raving sweet.
The portion was fairly large so don't worry about them skimping out.
My friend's plate was humungous.
It seemed like the food was going to fall off his plate.
Lol.
He's a guy, and if he says it's a lot of food for him, then it's a lot of food.
I would totally recommend this place to anyone wanting a delicious brunch meal with a cozy place to sit and talk.

This was our first visit to this restaurant.
It was very crowded, but we only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table.
The wait staff moves fast in that place.
The service was quick with water & coffee and very friendly.
It took 9 minutes for our food to arrive once we placed our order.
That was great service with how busy the restaurant was.
I gave it 3 stars because although the service was 5 stars, the food quality was not.
My potatoes were extremely salty and my omelet was bland.
The amount of food on the plate was enormous though!
My husband said he felt like he was on an episode of man vs. food!
I really wish all restaurants had servers like this restaurant!

Great service and atmosphere,  but the prices are on the high end and the food is so so at best.
I got huevos rancheros and it was covered in some kind of chili.
The eggs benedict is also slathered in sauce or gravy depending on which one you choose.
I may try it again and get something else.... but probably not for these prices.
The service and atmosphere are the reasons to come here.

This place is close to my place and it's convenient  when I'm craving for brunch over the weekends to come here and get eggs.
Service is always super slow, but good is pretty good.
My girlfriend asked for coke and literally took for ever to bring her drink.

The corned beef hash at this place is very good!
Service was quick, food was very fresh.
Fruit sides were fresh.
The coffee is bland, but biscuits are light and fluffy.

I really want to love this place.
The menu is amazing and the food is great,  but each time I have gone, my food has been cold.
Not sure if it's because my wife's omlette takes a while to cook or if they are just too busy to bring it out on time.
I'll go back and have my wife order something different and see how my food arrives.

(Lyrics - Limp Bizkit - Break Stuff)  Its just one of those cafes  When you want to order coffee to wake up Everybody's ready for brunch  You don't really know why But you want to justify Eating a big breakfast!
Add ketchup with eggs You don't have time to interact Your mouths full of jelly smacks  Your best bet is to keep coming this way, Yelpers It's just one of those cafes!!
Biscuits Cafe is definitely one of those cafes; once you wake up to after a night out.
A night out with Jack, Jose, Sam Adams that is - wink!
Needless to say, Biscuits Cafe is a breakfast and brunch joint that serves up some wholesome breakfast mom used to make.
If you were born in the 50's and your mother actually cooked 3 main meals a day!
As that is now gone, Biscuits Cafe is probably one of the few closest place that brings that to life.
Welcome to the 21st century and I'm not talking about the insurance business!
I ordered their Chicken Fried Steak and guess what else it came with?
Bacon, hash browns, scrambled eggs, and pancakes!
Wowza!
I'm a quality guy and not so much a quantity so this was too much food.
I nibbled around and my Chicken Fried Steak wasn't too bad.
The gravy a top was nice and creamy and kept it warm.
The bacon was crispy and the hash browns were too.
The pancakes, well they were dry.
In the end, the entire meal was pretty dry aside from my gravy.
Overall, it was a nice experience and I rather enjoy long breakfasts with friends.
The place itself is like an old school diner and service was good.
- Enjoy!

Today we arrived at 8:40 or so.
Very busy - Very noisy.
Immediately tried to seat us right at the service station.
Waited 20 min or so to order.
The order then took about 45 min.
to arrive.
Very understaffed.
When we asked the server if they were short staffed (thinking this was the reason for the poor service) we were told  "O,  No !
"  Of course not.
No auto coffee refills, or water.
Others who ordered after us were served before us.
At one point the server asked us how everything was -- didn't even look at the table to see we had no food.
Finally after complaining (and asking for a second cup of coffee)  she gave some excuse about not putting the order in the right place.
Been there a number of times, but I will not be back as there are lots of other places you can go in the area.

Well, what to say about this place...the food was okay.
I really could have done the same thing at home and it would have tasted better and wouldn't have been so blah.
The one good thing was the cinnamon rolls...we took a half dozen home with us and they were absolutely amazing.
Also the prices were a little high for the food you got.
I might go back for the cinnamon rolls but for just a general breakfast, I'll most likely go somewhere else.

Stopped in for lunch today and was happy to be able to find something that I could make work with my Paleo Diet.
I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which already comes with avocado & bacon (without the bun) and a side house salad.
It was delicious!

Great food, great service and great prices.
Never disappointed when I come for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner.

The food is excellent, the servers wonderful.
It gets very crowded on weekends, but the staff stays on top of things well.
We always enjoy the food, and especially recommend the BLT, they serve very tasty bacon...Best new breakfast and lunch restaurant in our local area.
A nice touch is their frequent diners' club: earn discounts on further meals by signing up (no card required, they take your phone number at the cash register).
Very nice surprise to have an occasional ten dollars removed from the bill..just remember to tip the waiter on the whole amount...grins...

Bomb!
Everything's about 10 but worth it and if you don't eat it all you get 2 for 1 since it's a lot.
You get a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal as a nice touch on top of that homemade jam which they should bottle and sell.
I'm not a breakfast fan in general but yum!

I went here once for lunch with some co-workers.
Portion sizes are great.
The server was attentive.
I ordered a veggie omelet and was not overly impressed.
It's was okay, not great but not horrible.

Great service and great food.
I had the house made hash and hubby had the avocado benedict.
Both were delicious and the jam and biscuits were off the charts!

When this opened across the street from my house, I was stoked.
Finally a breakfast joint in my neighborhood!
It was nice and clean, friendly and prompt service, and great food.
The only thing I can say is that I was hoping for the best biscuits and gravy I've ever had, and they fell short a bit on the gravy.
Even still, I've gone here a million times already, and will continue to...

I cannot begin tell how how AMAZING this delightful little restaurant is.
Upon walking in, the first thing you'll smell is coffee.
Delicious coffee that is roasted in house and also available for purchase.
The smell alone will make you glad you came.
Then you'll look at the menu and be torn on what to order because it all sounds good.
(Let me recommend the Almond French Toast.
It's amazing!
) The service is wonderful and you'll have a small army of smiling, helpful wait staff coming over to refill coffee and check on you often.
When the food arrives it will look delicious and beautiful.
The best part is, that no matter what you order, you'll find a chocolate covered strawberry on your plate.
It's the manager's touch, and a lovely way to finish off a delicious and delightful dining experience.
Highly recommend!!

Great Food Large portions Excellent Service  Had a bacon omelette tons of bacon and the homemade jam was awesome.
Smooth coffee and never was empty.
The people workin there hustle and make sure your food is on time.
I will never go anywhere else for breakfast for now on.

I have been here twice recently and enjoyed both times.
I had the avocado eggs Benedict and it is cooked very nicely... the service is good.
I would definitely recommend breakfast from here.
On a side note, the water glasses are huge which I love so even when they are busy you never run out of water.
Nice little spot!

I showed up at Biscuits Cafe with my wife and toddler five minutes before they closed on a Sunday.
They were gracious in allowing me to sit and eat.
They served me quickly and attentively and the food was awesome.
The Ruben was amazing.
Definitely a new favorite.

I have to be honest, I wasn't really expecting much when my husband suggested this place for breakfast, I was wrong!!
Amazing customer service, the food was hot and fresh and delicious!
Huge portions!
I was definitely pleased with the place and will definitely return!

The food here is consistently delicious!
Make sure to come hungry as the portions are extra large.
The Service here is always friendly, efficient and attentive without hovering.
If you come mid morning on the weekend, expect a wait as they are very busy.
Early morning and late morning the wait is not too bad.
We have been here for breakfast many, many times and for lunch a handful of times.
I have yet to have a meal that wasn't wonderful!
If you have yet to try this breakfast gem, you don't know what you are missing!

This is my favorite place in the valley to goo for breakfast or brunch.
Good is seasoned to perfection,  portions are large.
You will leave there very satisfied.

