Best street tacos in Vegas, period.
And 5 dollars for 4 tacos, rice, beans, and a can of soda?
I'd pay 10 for it!
Get the el pastor it's awesome!

1 Carne Asada Taco + 1 Carnitas Taco + 1 Chicken Tamale = $4.19.
And you will want seconds.
The wholesome and quick-griddled soft corn tortillas are the star of the Tacos - noticeably better than any I've had in town.
They're fragrant, toasty and pita-like!
The Tamales are very savory, with a generous filling of green chiles and good quality chicken.
All of the above items were specifically recommended by the cashier.
Saw an Asada Nachos bowl at a neighboring table and was impressed by the looks of it.
Great execution here, quality food made with effort.
No odd burnt bits of beef or overly grisly pork like you'd might expect from a $1 Taco.
I would choose two La Mexicana Tacos vs. one from Tacos El Gordo, everytime.
The 'red' picante-style sauce on the salsa bar is fantastic and packs some heat.
One sauce cup per 2 tacos works well.
Cheap fountain drinks ($1.25) too!
I am sticking with this place as my go-to Mexican spot, at least until the 2nd location opens (on Durango & Spring Mountain) in a few weeks.
And yes, it's better than Roberto's, Baja Fresh, Chipotle, Agave, the Michoacans, and Lotus Of Siam :)  Good quality, cheap, and heartburn-free.
My new favorite spot to grub!

Carnitas tacos all the way!
If I didn't listen to my belly, I could easily kill 10 of these suckers.
So I stopped at 6, and surprisingly, did not feel gross afterwards.
That's a 5 stars review in my neck of the woods.
Don't be fooled by the exterior, the bars aren't meant to keep you out, it's to protect you when you're inside.
I've never felt so safe, watching Telemundo music videos, eating tacos, and hanging out with my buds.

Having been a huge fan when Robert own this store, I went back in June and it was so disappointing.
BUT I went this past weekend and it was fantastic.
I had the chili verde platter & carne asada tacos.
My dinning companions had the carne asada burritos & a combo platter with the chicken tamale, cheese enchilada & chile rellano - all for under 25.00 with drinks.
I would for sure recommend the salsa verde as my personal favorite and the side of guacamole came with a spicy kick.
Now that I'm writing this, I want to hop in my car and have some gorditas (which we got to go for lunch the following day) a little pocket of goodness.
If you haven't been in 2013, go back.
The counter is new, it's bright and colorful plus the woman at the counter was very helpful tho the tall dude looking over her shoulder was handsome but made me nervous for her.
She did great even with his spying.
Good deal for fresh made mex.

Love it!
It's great to grab a bite for lunch.
Love all the different salsas!
Prices are reasonable -  TV is too loud most of the time, but I can overlook that I guess.
Just is hard to even have a conversation at the table.
All in all - Great place!!!!
I think I'll go there for lunch today!!

This authentic taco shop is not to be missed.
The grilled beef taco salad was delicious and a great value.
The service was excellent by Diana.
She was happy and helpful.
I really suggest you try this little gem in Las Vegas off Decatur.

Popped in for a few tacos today...
The carne asada was lacking in flavor, no marinade, and pretty bland.
The carnitas were very good and I'd eat a dozen at one sitting :)

This used to be a five star restaurant but since Robert sold it, I've found it's not as good.
My in laws used to bring food from here and it was top notch a couple years ago.
Went two days ago and the food was really lacking flavor.
The asada taco was very bland and didn't seem grilled.
Super disappointed.
Then again considering how cheap this is you can't complain much.
We walked out with two orders of rolled tacos, the asada tacos, a quesadilla, two ice creams and it came to only 17.
Crazy.
I don't know how they make a profit at that price.
The quesadilla was huge and my toddler couldn't finish it.
The rolled tacos were very crisp, but the guac sauce on top was bland.
Service was quick and friendly.
We chatted t up a bit.
Maybe it was an off day so we will be back!

This is absolutely on of my favorite Places to get Mexican food in Las Vegas.
I get a California burrito with chicken and potatoes...
It's amazing and I crave it all the time!
Even though I live in green valley I drive down here just for some La Mexicana!

