I am pleasantly surprised by this lil place in the strip mall by Safeway.
We had miso soup to start, was great!
I like that they put in tofu, green onion and seaweed, other places usually omit one.
We had the tataki tuna appetizer with was delicious, seared tuna in a ponzu ginger sauce with masago and green onion with a carrot flower.
Crab cream cheese wontons were good, the orange sauce was yummy.
My daughter has the sweet and sour chicken kids meal, holy shiznis, it was huge for a kid!
so we shared, good times., it was really good.
We ordered the teriyaki chicken to share and this iron griddle with lots of veggies and chicken came out sizzling and our server poured on the teriyaki sauce.
It was great presentation however, the sauce quickly liquified and sizzled away so the chicken left us wanting more.
I would rather have the chicken fully glazed before it is put on the griddle, I think it would have been more flavorful that way.
The chef did give us a 4 piece of the pacific roll which was really nice.
I am not a fan of deep fried rolls, but I think it was pretty food.
I want to say our server was so sweet, she was very attentive, quick,  and just overall nice.
All in all, I will say it is a great place with a lot of potential, work on the teriyaki chicken, bring down the prices a lil ( $10 for a philly roll is too much) and get some more homey feeling decor and it is a 5.

This place recently opened near my friend's house, so we decided to try it for dinner.
I was really surprised by the quality of the food.
We started with the miso soup and spring rolls.
The miso was very flavorful and had lots of bits of tofu, onion and seaweed in it.
The spring rolls were fine -- I liked that they weren't super greasy.
We ordered two rolls (spider and shimp tempura).
Both were well rolled and didn't fall apart when you picked them up.
The chef also sent out a third roll (I think it was spicy tuna draped in salmon).
In my opinion, it was actually the best of the three rolls.
I had a chirashi bowl, which was awesome!
Tons of variety, including shrimp, crab, tamago, tuna, salmon, yellowtail.
Every sashimi was fresh, sliced properly, and the dish was VERY reasonably priced.
My friend had the katsu chicken, which was good.
Overall, we were both impressed, and will definitely go back.
The staff was friendly and attentive.
The beer menu was limited and mostly bottled, which is really my only complaint.

Have been here about 5 times in the last 3 weeks and consistently have awesome service and great food!
The sushi is always fresh and very well presented.
We LOVE the salmon and tuna preparation.
It's been great!
The chinese selections we've tried have been much better than the average chinese restaurants in the area... kung pao shrimp that has some kick to it (the peppers in this dish are amazing!
), mongolian beef that is complex and flavorful, and spicy chicken is just great.
Chicken katsu is a great choice here.
And even the thai is satisfactory (although doesn't have quite the complexity of flavor as a full-thai restaurant).
The staff is great: fast, friendly, and very generous.
Best of all, the prices are perfect for keeping your wallet intact.
Don't miss this gem

Like the warmly environment and the soups.

I live right down the street from this place and I absolutely love it!
Upon walking in, we were greeted like we were family and the service remained spectacular throughout the meal.
I honestly didn't expect the food to be as great as it was.
We tried some hot dishes and a lot of their sushi... Everything was phenomenal.
The draft beers are $1 all day long as well.
Needless to say, I will be telling everyone I know about Pacific Gardens.
Keep up the good work!

The best and closest sushi restaurant to me.
Staff is great, and the food fresh and delicious.
They have this special Sashimi Deluxe and it comes out on a boat with smoke and lights amazing!!

Best Hot and Sour soup I've ever had!!!
Great lunch specials, great rolls and dollar beers... You can't go wrong!

We were super impressed by their great service, friendly folks at the sushi bar, and the really fresh items.
Definitely worth a trip to the other side of town.
You won't be disappointed.
Even though this is a new place, I sincerely hope they're able to keep up this level of service and quality.

This place is the best, the food is awesone, gotton drunk here 3 times on their dollar beers.
Beat the spicey challenge twice, put my asshole out of commision a total of almost 4 days.
It was superb.
I think it even burnt when I pee'd.
This place is my new weekly stop.
Warning do not eat spicey challenge if you have hemmoroids, ass tulip = bad

Been driving by ever since they started remodeling the old Abacus.
Got the menu in the mail and figured they've had enough time to have their act together so my wife ordered takeout for me to pick up on the way home from work.
They've opened up the Abacus layout into one large room and added a large sushi bar across from the old drinks bar.
It's well lit but plain, with little decoration.
Only a couple of diners there when I arrived around 6:30 but it still took several minutes of standing at the unattended front desk before anyone helped me, and then a few more to sort out I was there to pick up food.
(Is this a new concept?
)  Portions were generous: hot & sour soup, lettuce wraps, chicken salad, orange chicken with white rice were much more than enough for two but we wanted to try several things.
Everything looked fine but ... there's a reason why most points on Iron Chef are given for flavor; it should be the most important element in every dish.
I will say PG was remarkably consistent: every dish was pretty much flavor-free.
Not just not the flavor you might expect from other times you've had the same dish elsewhere, but pretty much no flavor at all.
No seasoning, no spices, no hot, no sour, no citrus, no zing, no interest.
(Oh, except for the little containers of light-brown über-wasabi dressing that came with the wraps and salad.
A few seriously intense drops cleaned my sinuses, but otherwise, you guessed it: no flavor.
)  Plenty of leftovers remain we can try to rescue with seasoning another night.
I know it's still a new place and maybe there's kinks to work out.
We'll go back some time to give them a second try, but only on the principle that one data point doesn't establish a trend.
If results are the same I'd much rather wait an hour at Sakana just down the street.
Good luck Pacific Garden, you'll need it.

Been here twice and both times were great.
Had the seaweed salad, and several servings of sushi.
The sushi was extremely fresh and tasted excellent.
The service was prompt and the beers were cheap.
I'll be returning in the future for sure!

Had take out: Not impressed with the sushi.
Portion of the curry was large.
Garlic chicken was the best thing we had.

I have never once been disappointed at Pacific Gardens!
The service is wonderful from the owner, to the bartenders, to the servers.
The fish is super fresh and presentation is always impeccable.
Also, if you aren't a fan of raw fish they have plenty of traditional asian dishes with beef, chicken, or cooked seafood.
For the drinkers, the sake is delicious and generously portioned!
If you're in the area, or even if you aren't, this place is definitely worth trying!
I don't want to spend my sushi money anywhere else.

I have been here a few times since it opened.
It is just down the street from my house so I was very interested.
I love the food and the staff is very friendly and helpful.

I have been here twice with a large group of friends from work.
Both times were during the lunch hour.
I love that their menu has a great selection of things other than sushi so we can gather with people who do not like sushi.
The sushi chef Jason (I think he is the owner) has a great personality and sets the tone in the restaurant for excellent service.
I have some dietary restrictions of no dairy and no meat other than fish and eggs.
They were very accommodating and even custom built a dish for me.
The food quality is really good and everything was fresh.
I have tried the curry shrimp(normally chicken), Pad Thai with tofu and vegetables, the California roll, and tasted about 5 other rolls.
The curry shrimp was a yellow curry and was portioned perfectly.
Delicious!
On our most recent visit one of my friends did their sushi challenge which consists of eating a roll covered in a ghost chili sauce.
It was a lot of fun and made the dining experience even more sociable.

I decided to try a new place for sushi last afternoon and really I wish I hadn't  I don't understand where all these 4-5 star review came from.
I'm guessing the 99 cent draft beers are the main attraction of this place.
It seems like the bar was the only thing with a crowd of people.
Walking in I was confused was I supposed to seat myself or what?
There didn't seem to be much organization with this place.
The guy at the sushi bar took my order since I sat there, but another guy gave me my plate and utensils.
They forgot to bring out the miso soup included in my meal, and when I asked about it later the bowl they brought out was lukewarm and not very tasty.
It had seaweed and tofu, but no flavor and a strange consistency.
The ginger included with the sushi had a strange taste to me.
I eat a lot of sushi, and this ginger was the artificially pink kind (which usually means mass produced).
It had a strange taste which I could only associate with cheap alcohol.
I understood why some of my friends don't like ginger if this is the stuff you try your first time.
The chirashi bowl I got was sort of small, but acceptable for the price.
The one thing that makes me never want to come back is on the back of a piece of albacore the fish was turning GREEN... Now I've never seen anyone present a piece of fish to me that was already turning green.
I can't understand how as a chef you could miss that before putting it on the plate.
Then have the audacity to hide it by putting that side facing the other way.
I worry about what about the other pieces that I didn't turn around (that piece was probably on the end).
Even more, the guy taking away my plate didn't notice that I had otherwise finished my plate but left that single green piece there for him to see.
Doesn't that seem a little strange that someone would finish their meal but leave a single untouched piece of fish on a plate separate from what it was presented on?
Honestly, the sushi rice was decent and I've had worse before.
Their cooked food might even be ok, but I'm afraid they aren't going to get another chance from me.

Probably the best sushi I've had since moving to AZ for school.
Fish was super fresh.
Some of the cooked entrees take a while as we were served the appetizers after the sushi.
Good service and very clean restaurant.

I had the "Norway Roll" and it not only tasted great but was presented tastefully.
I look forward to sampling more of their sushi and non-sushi items.
Definitely one of the best restaurants in AZ that I've tried.

This is the best sushi place I have ever been!
The sushis are fresh and delicious!
The rainbow roll is so beautiful.
Amazing dynamite seafood or scallop rolls!
Must try!

I love sushi!!
I've been to several places in the valley and this is one of my favorites.
Its new and therefor not too busy yet.
The price for beer is cheap and they serve probably the largest sake bombers in town.
The owner is a very nice young man really shows appreciation.
Its nice.
My daughter and I go every week now and we enjoy letting him make special rolls for us.
I haven't had too much of the food dishes there but my son loves the orange chicken.
I recommend trying it out.

Been to lunch here about 5 times and each time I am delighted with the service and food.
The egg drop soup as well as the Miso soup are some of the best soups I've ever had.
I am not an inexperienced Asian food eater.
I know this is not San Francisco quality, but certainly some of Phoenix's best quality.
The combo lunch specials are really nice and plenty to eat.
Please ignore the one star negatives.
They are missing the point of Pacific Gardens.
It's good stuff.

Simply awesome food!

LOVE this place.
I've visited Pacific Garden several times and ordered a different entree each time.
Always enjoyed my repast.
Staff is friendly and dad loves the $.99 beers.
Tried their Banzai Sushi Challenge .... That roll was the hottest thing I've ever tasted and I love spicy food!
The Challenge is not for the faint of heart.
Overall this is a local favorite of mine.

I came here for lunch with a friend one afternoon during the week and the place wasn't very busy.
We were seated right away but the waitress took so long to take our order, fill our drinks and bring us our check.
My 1 hour lunch ended up being 1.5 hours.
The food was very disappointing.
I ordered the chicken teriyaki.
I figured that's such a staple dish at sushi restaurants and no one could mess it up.
Boy was I wrong.
The chicken was a weird texture and it's was overly seasoned.
I didn't eat more than a few pieces.
I just pushed it to the side and ate the brown rice.
Although the waitress and other staff was nice I won't be going back.

My husband ordered the drunken noodle with shrimp, and I had the chicken curry.
It's a good thing that we got this take-out because I probably would have sent it back had we been in the restaurant.
I ordered the curry medium hot, and it wasn't spicy at all.
The whole dish lacked flavor, and the chicken was kind of rubbery.
My husband had to search for shrimp in his dish, and it didn't have much flavor either.
I went through the kitchen to find sauces to add to both to make the dishes palatable.
The portions were big, but I threw out the leftovers (if it's not good the first time, I'm not eating it left over.
) .
I guess we should have gone with the sushi, as it's getting much better reviews.

We have been here several times since returning from Southern California and REALLY like the feel of the restaurant, great service, reasonable prices,and  flexibility menu options.
I really recommend this to my friends as this is a gem.
Outstanding happy hour offering.

Soup was the worst I've ever had.
Had no flavor at all.
It was thick and had a lot of gelatin.
I ordered Mongolian beef.
The dish was mostly onions & peppers.
Very little beef.
The small amount of beef that was there was tough.
Salad was to saggy to eat.
I won't be coming back.

Once again Pacific Garden quenches my ancestral urge for raw fish.
I would go as far to mention this is the best place in AZ for fresh sushi with a reasonable price.
Ice cold sake!!

Service was good, interior was nice, and our chinese food lunch specials were good.
The mongolian beef was tasty..
BUT...  Me and my gf gave their sushi a shot.
We got albacore and yellowtail nigiri.
It was HORRIBLE.
To the point that we opted to throw our money away rather than finish it.
On top of that the price for the sushi was way too high.
My egg flower soup was bland, but her hot and sour was tasty.

I don't know where the negative reviews are coming from, but this place is great.
I am suspecting it is from the competitors.
There are four other sushi places in the area, so one would think there is no need for another one, but i am really glad this place opened up.
They serve delicious food, have really nice staff  and very reasonable prices.
I have been here numerous times, and everyone I took here loves the place.
The food is that good.
The vibe is different from the other two popular spots, really peaceful.
They also offer Chinese dishes, the few items I tried, I liked them.
I am hooked on their rolls and the raw salmon.
Their nigiri was great for the dishes I've tried.
Their lunch specials are super and you have to appreciate the happy hour special.
I highly recommend them.
Try them, you won't be sorry.

Pacific Gardens is Decent....
I have been here a dozen times, for drinks, Sushi, and Asian flare.
The food is somewhat overpriced, however the quality is always consistent with what you get.
I have tried almost everything off the menu, and everything is pretty solid.
I will have to say that the Sushi is not the freshest I've had, but this is the only "Sushi" bar in my neighborhood, so It will have to do.
The best dish they have according to my taste is the House Special Fried rice, it's very filling and has tons of ingredients, give it a try you'll like it!

I love the food and prices at this joint.
The food is always fresh and the service is fast.
To top it off, prices are so inexpensive.
Even though I'm not crazy about the decor, who cares.
As long as I'm fed good, fresh, and inexpensive food, it's all good!
I'm happy and my pocket is happy too :-).
It's definitely a 'must go' place.

All of the food i ate here was so flavorful and delicious.
The spicy dishes were great.
Food quality and service excellent!

Great lunch specials!!
always get full for about $7.
Only complaint is that it is .50 cents extra per roll for brown rice, and no fortune cookies :(

Food is amazing, atmosphere is fun but relaxed, prices are pretty good definitely making this a regular spot!

Service lousy- ignored at door.
Tuna app nothing special.
"Curry" wasn't curry, nor was it particularly good.
Save your money.

So im really skeptical when ordering Pad Thai.
Alot of times its really dry and over  cooked, but i got it from here a few nights ago and it was incredible!!
the only thing that i didnt like was that there was  just too much chicken and hardly any noodles, but it was still delicious!
I also got the crab puffs which were also very very delicious, i lived in ahwatukee my whole life and never tried this place.
Ive been missing out!
I do not know what the restaurant  was really like because i got take out.
I WILL be back and will bring some friends as well!
Thanks for another good Thai restaurant around here!

This is a great Asian food place.
Great sushi, great soup, good service.

Remember in The Office when, in preparation for David Wallace's cocktail party, Michael Scott asked Pam to smell his breath but then Dwight volunteered and responded, "Good not great"?
Well that's exactly how I feel after eating here for lunch today.
Buttered calamari wasn't too bad, soft shell crab was par and the dipping sauce for it was delightful, but the main reason I came here was for the sushi Love Boat For Two for me.
The Love Boat sounded awesome because it's 9 pieces of sashimi, 8 pieces of nigiri, and a Hawaii roll (8 pieces) SERVED.
ON.
BOAT.
I'm on a boat!
I'm on a boat!
Take a good hard look at the mothafuckin boat!
The price is $30.95 which isn't bad, except for two things to consider: 1.
The quality & taste isn't anywhere near as good as Sakana Sushi.
At Sakana, you can get 12 pieces sashimi for $12.45, which is a far superior deal since the pieces are cut larger.
I almost gave two stars because I was under the impression that I'd be getting dessert with the Love Boat but apparently the website is a fan of promoting LIES!
Not a total dealbreaker, but consider yourself warned.

Found this place with a flyer a while back it was alright so never came back.
Gave it another try Love it!
The Arizona roll was sooo good.
Tried a few more everything was great.
It's a must try.
First time I came I stayed in my comfort zone second time around I tried something different so worth it.
Customer service was good and nice place

I don't eat sushi and still go here.
They have many options for those that do and don't like sushi.

Amazing sushi that is affordable and great service, too!
Friendly staff and happy hour specials last all day!!!
Does not close in the middle of the day like some sushi restaurants!
Buy one get one for $.99 beers all day!
So many good things to say about this place, I highly recommend it!

Really nice staff and close by make this an ideal restaurant for us, but we are still looking for a better local spot.
Having lived on the ocean for so many years our sushi palette is hard to please in the desert.
We did give it another try.
Glad we did.
Prices getting more reasonable and that's a good thing!
Saki bomber used to be $11 each.
Now you can get one and a $.99 extra beer.
The saki is large so sharing is reasonable!
Sushi is also more reasonable than before and the fish is better quality than other sushi restaurants in the area.
We also tried their soup last night.
Definitely worth going back for.

BEST AVOCADO ROLL EVER!!
I'm always in search of a good avocado roll & this place has it!!
(See photo) So fresh & yummy!!
Miso is SO good too!!!
We've been to dinner here too & all their specialty rolls are huge and well priced--my sweetie LOVES it!!
Tuna appy is so fresh & good too!!
Highly recommend!!
Good atmosphere, super fresh sushi & good deals--- rare combo!!
BOGO for $1 beers too!

Prices getting more reasonable and that's a good thing!
Saki bomber used to be $11 each.
Now you can get one and a $.99 extra beer.
The saki is large so sharing is reasonable!
Sushi is also more reasonable than before and the fish is better quality than other sushi restaurants in the area.
We also tried their soup last night.
Definitely worth going back for.

I've driven past this place many times and always made a mental note to try it out.
I had a sushi craving today and thought why the hell not?
The good: I walked in and was impressed by the decor.
It was warm and inviting and the hostess was nice.
And that's where it ends.
The bad: I was seated and sat there for a good five minutes before I was even approached by a server to take my drink order.
3 of them walked right past me multiple times.
And there were MAYBE 4 other patrons there at the time.
It was slow, so there's no excuse for that.
I eventually ordered the soft shell crab for my appetizer and the Phoenix & New York rolls as my main sushi course.
I specifically asked that the soft shell come BEFORE the sushi.
I mean, it is an appetizer, right?
But NOPE.
The sushi came first.
After I ate that (which tasted okay.
Not bad, but it wasn't anything to phone home about), I waited awkwardly for ten more minutes until the soft shell finally came.
It was very subpar, by the way.
Really dry.
The sauce that came with it was pretty epic, though.
And to add insult to injury, I asked my server to refill my water.
He did so without hesitation, although he neglected to put more ice in it.
So I washed down the dry soft shell crab with lukewarm tap water.
Pleasant, right?
With all that being said, I don't think I'll be frequenting this place again.
Which is a shame, because I had such high hopes for it.

