I'm a fitness instructor and get a massage on a regular basis, from many different spas and establishments.
Although I was referred by a friend to this particular practitioner.
Even though I normally get a massage from a female, I thought I would give Tony a try.
Tony was very professional, attended to all my concerned areas and very knowledgeable.
At first glance he intimidated me because before me was a big built individual who looked like he belonged in the bodybuilding Olympics.
He was very approachable, full of useful information.
Tony gave me a full analysis/regiment of what to do for the next couple days and tips to help my troubled areas along with some really awesome smoothie recipes.
In a nutshell I will definitely promote this guy to everyone i know needing an awesome massage!

Because my awesome massage therapist Kevin is booked and I needed a massage pronto, I was able to schedule one with Tony.
Tony's massage studio is located inside Body Spa, in the same square as Smiths on Horizon Ridge Pkwy and Eastern Ave.
I requested for deep tissue and trigger point, and that is what I got.
I think I fell asleep for a moment because the massage was pretty good.
Currently, Tony is offering a Yelp Deal, $39 for $59, which is a great deal.
I will keep Tony on my list of massage therapist to book when I can't get one with Kevin.

Tony gives the best massage I've ever had.
He is very professional, courteous and knowledgeable and his prices are extremely reasonable.
I recommend him wholeheartedly.

I've been to several massage spas in Las Vegas, Max Relax Massage is by far the best.
Tony was amazing.
He has incredible hands and technique!
The Best Las Vegas Massage available!

WOWZA  Tony is the man!
I feel so much better.
I can move my arms.
I had done a boxing and crossfit class and could not move.
I needed to do something about so that I can work out again.
I looked on Yelp and found that he was available and immediately made the reservation online.
I am glad I did because he was completely booked after that.
Before the massage I let him do his thing.
I told him to focus on whatever he thinks needs to be worked on.
He did and I fell asleep LOL I never fell asleep in any of my massages so that tells you a lot.
He has good hands and would recommend him to anyone that needs a massage.

The best massage I've ever had.My pain went way the next day ,I move my arms better.Tony is very professional ,knowledgeable and I hilly  recommend  his services  to everyone!
Great job and very reasonable price!

Best massage.
Very relaxed setting and the best technique.
My back pain went away immediately.
Would definitely recommend coming here.

Tony is awesome.
Kinda quiet but his attention to husband craft was very refreshing.
Some therapists you have to be careful because they leave you a little breezy when they start on the lower body.
None of this with Tony, his wrapping techniques are impeccable.
Time seemed to stand still.
My back was mad sore and he worked out just about all the kinks.
Thank you so much!
I will definitely be booking more appointments.

Tony made me feel comfortable .
Nothing but a great massage.
I hate when you go for a massage to be hounded on product.
I tend to be very tense and I left  relaxed and pain free.
Easy to make an appointment online.
Great value.
You can't go wrong with Tony.
I will return.

