Really good food and wonderful customer service!
Will definitely be going back here.
A friend and I went for lunch on a Saturday.
Right away our server brought out tostadas and ceviche.
The ceviche was to die for!
I ordered the shrimp burrito and she the shrimp tacos.
We ended up swapping our meals half way through.
Both dishes were amazing!
All throughout our meal the waitstaff was checking to see if we needed anything even though they were very busy.

Delicious and fresh authentic Mexican seafood.
We will definitely be back soon.
Loved the ceviche and fresh salsa!

Today was my first visit to this new business.
The outside is painted a bright light blue and is very inviting.
The inside is very clean and new and has nice tables and comfy chairs.
Staff was friendly and professional.
Now- on to the food.
I opened the menu and was presented with voluminous of all but impossible to read and understand items.
The entire thing is in spanish with english subtitles printed in a white/black reverse over all these photos of the food--it might get clearer after a margarita or two.
It was so confusing and hard to understand.
Like many new restaurants they are obviously experiencing growing pains with trial & error.
There are no traditional combination platters available but rather all the different food categories are listed out separate.
I ordered a tacos, the chicken was pretty good, grilled and nicely pulled, but the carne asada was inedible, it was almost 100% comprised of gristle and sinew, and sadly, had zero seasoning.
The "spanish rice" is not spanish and is just white rice with frozen mixed veg (carrot, corn, peas, beans) added to it--very strange and unappetizing.
Even the salsa verde was lacking, this is just ground up pickled jalapeños and does NOT compliment the food one bit.
I HATE giving such bad reviews on a new business, I want them to succeed, we need a great mexican restaurant in Monona, but unless they make some sweeping changes and soon, their days are clearly numbered, sorry to say.

Las Islas Del Mar - the Islands of the Sea.
I'm not sure why you would be surprised if your land based dishes were simply okay when you're going to a seafood place.
That said, I've been here a couple times now and it's been great.
Service was friendly, though not the best with English.
Food was great, though it is a little bit of a wait for food.
They keep you occupied with fresh fried tortillas and cerviche as an appetizer.
The food.. that was consistently delicious.
First time I got the fish tacos which were flavorful and had great texture.
Not much to elaborate on, as they were textbook good fish tacos.
The second time I split the Molcajeta Nayarita, which was exceptional.
It was a seafood bowl filled with prawns, shrimp crab, mussels, clams, a delicious sauce and awesome.
You will make a mess, and you will leave satisfied.
Definitely worth coming back again.

Its a 4 star for the food but had to take off a point for service.
The menu was a bit difficult to navigate as most of it was in Spanish.
OK, I can deal with that but this IS the US and MOST of us DO speak English so maybe the next time (if it happens) they can update the menu a bit.
At least write the same stuff in the same font size.
Anyway, beer selection was great and the waitress brought out the appetizer right away and it was very good.
We didn't have a huge appetite so ordered some burritos and sat back and enjoyed the beer and chips.
And sat back, and back, ordered another beer and waited.
Other tables who came after us were getting served.
We sat back and had more of our beer and waited.
Come on!!!
How long does it take to make a burrito??
Apparently 50 minutes!
All the time we saw the wait staff and kitchen staff standing around and yakking.
When we finally got our food, it was VERY good.
But it was not a VERY GOOD experience.

Good chow, reasonably priced.
Fish tacos delish with lightly fried fish chunks.
Rad snapper Diablo also fried but not greasy and not that spicy.
Salsa and some other dip were great with crispy tortillas.

I want to love this place.
From the palm tree in the parking lot to the bright, clean, cheerful interior and very friendly wait staff, there is much to make one smile.
The complimentary appetizer of tostadas and ceviche is a very nice touch, but the ceviche is devoid of seafood flavor and, but for the fresh red onion and cilantro, would be flavorless.
I ordered fish tacos,which should be a standby.
They were unlike any I have seen:  small breaded cubes of tasteless fish, fried to a greasy and limp consistency.
My friend had shrimp,tacos, which were somewhat better but could have been crispier.
The corn tortillas were soggy and oily.
It was as if the oil in the fryer was not at a sufficiently high temp, which may have been the case because we ate on the early side.
We also ordered a ceviche cocktail.
It had lots of shrimp and octopus but the seafood was overwhelmed by the V-8 flavored liquid in which it was served.
I am accustomed to ceviche that is "cooked" in a citrus-based acidic liquid, not tomato juice.
I will give this place another try because I really want to love it.

Went for dinner tonight for the first time, and sat outside.
As soon as we sat down, they brought out chips, salsa verde, and ceviche.
All very good.
The salsa verde is HOT.
We did not order appetizers, as we had the things they brought out to us.
The menu is extensive, so be prepared to take awhile to decide!
For our entrees we had: Me: Whole Fried Red Snapper, garlic style.
OMG, first time I ever ordered a whole fish, and it was SO delicious!
They also have a Whole Fried Tilapia, which I will try in the future.
Hubby: the Octopus, Diablo style.
He loved it!
I tasted it too, and it was very good, and when I've had octopus in Mexico, I did not like it.
For drinks, we didn't have anything fancy.
Hubby had a Dos Equis, and I had a Pina soda.
So, needless to say, we will return, and probably very soon!

My wife and I try a new restaurant almost monthly.
This was our first outdoor meal this year and a very pleasant surprise.
We ate under a palapa (grass umbrella) next to realistic looking palm trees.
Not your stereotypical Mexican restaurant, this place is really about seafood.
I have always loved the fresh seafood when we are in Mexico and these people do a great job.
The staff was prompt and courteous, bringing complimentary whole fried corn tortillas (tostada), green chile salsa, and ceviche that was refreshingly different and quite good.
The menu is extensive and varies widely in price (fish tacos to a platter of raw oysters, scallops, shrimp, abalone, crab legs etc).
The waitress was very helpful and told us which items were also designed to serve a party of 4 or more people (fun idea for future outing with friends).
The menu is Spanish with English subtitle ingredient summaries and there are pictures of most dishes on the menus and also above the windows.
At least I could read it without my glasses, I guess if you want a completely English menu, stick to Taco Bell.
The portions were more than we could eat.
I had Pulpo Diablo (Octopus in devil sauce) that had a some tang but not hot for the sake of hot.
Seafood is often overpowered and this was complimentary and delicious.
The presentation was nice with a lettuce, cucumber tomato salad , an orange slice and really good bread (see photo).
I found french fries a bit out of place, but I didn't have room to eat them anyway.
All in all a great experience and I can't wait to return and try other menu items.
I hope we can keep this unique seafood restaurant in the Madison area.

Second visit for dinner tonight.
Ordered the shrimp & octopus cocktail for an appetizer.
It was pretty good, but a bit bland in our opinion.
For our entree, we took Erik S.'s advice, and ordered the Molcajeta Nayarita, and my goodness, was he right!
(Thanks Erik!!
) I wish you could have seen hubby's face when they set the dish down in front of us!
Awe.
Crab legs, mussels, octopus, shrimp (head on whole, and shelled), scallops, and a very nicely spicy sauce.
Divine, absolutely divine.
Their Horchata is the bomb, and the perfect drink to quench the fire.
I highly recommend trying this dish.
You will not be disappointed!
By the way, this is enough food for four!
We ate until stuffed, and still took home leftovers.
Today is apparently Mother's Day in Mexico, and they gave all the women a free slice of cake in celebration of it.
(We were so full, we took it home)  The staff has been very friendly, and attentive, on both of our visits.

Went for dinner again tonight.
We ordered the Crab Legs Las Islas Del Mar style.
(I posted a pic).
OMG!!
Absolutely freaking FABULOUS!!
That giant platter of crab legs was $35!!
They are not served with drawn butter, but the shells are coated in some kind of awesome spice blend.
You do NOT need butter!
Finger licking good!
Almost every cluster had a claw on it too, which is absolutely unheard of.
We will SO be ordering that again!

Wow, some of the best coastal Mexican food I've ever had, hands down!
So who needs to go on vacation to get this type of food.
Not this person.
Free chips with seafood Ceviche as your wait person greats you.
Good horchata and blended drinks.
Oh yeah they have a wide assortment of Mexican beers and sodas.
But the food is amazing.
A very large menu.
Many of the dishes share a similar yet very different spice combination that makes them all worth trying.
I have been to there Madison location more than a dozen times and haven't had the same thing twice.
All were great, some seasoned better than others, but all great.
I look forward to going to this establishment and even crave it at times.

Prices have gone up, but the quality seems to be just as good.
Very sorry to see the increase in prices.
We used to go twice a month, but it'll only be once a month from now on because of the increase.
Too bad.

Found this place in Yelp and tried it out with 4 other friends.
Definitely the best Mexican seafood in the down!
Will definitely visit again when the weather get warmer.

I'd give the food a 5 and the service a 2.5-3.
Went for Father's Day dinner tonight.
The fish ceviche and green sauce appetizer they bring to all tables is wonderful!
Only wish it hadn't taken 15 min for our drink order to be taken because it has some kick.
We also had the guacamole which was fresh and super reasonable.
So delicious.
Great selection of bottled Mexican beers too.
We had fish tacos, prawns, grilled mussels, shrimp empanadas, pork tacos, crab tostada, steak tacos and fried shrimp between the five of us.
It was all wonderful.
I will definitely be back and hopefully the service is faster so I can change my rating to a five.
It is super authentic Mexican seafood so don't expect anything texmex.
The majority of the clientele were Hispanic as well which can vouch for the authenticity in my opinion too.
Glad we took the chance to come and try something different.

