With less than a week's notice, The Shop printed 15 shirts for my group and hand delivered them to my door.
The shirts were cheaper (by about 30%) than any other printing company I talked to in the area, so I was able to upgrade the quality of the shirt while staying well within my budget.
Bryan and Corey were extremely helpful and sent me a mock up to approve before printing.
The shirts look great and I couldn't be happier with the service!
I will definitely be going here for any printing needs while I'm in the Madison area!

We've printed with a lot of various companies over the 8 or 9 years of doing the band.
A few years ago, we tried The Shop when we needed a small run of crew neck sweatshirts, beer coozies, 2 t shirts, and a couple of other items for a show only a couple of days later in their area.
Turn around time was fast and Bryan brought us the boxes of merch personally and we had a blast hanging out.
Over the years we've had a number of items that have stuck around for way too long at our table (since 2008, small shirts went from being the only size kids bought to the lowest selling size besides the xx sizes so we have a few shirts that are like, I dunno, 4 years old?
), so we have a number of items that have been printed by various "big guy" shops.
Anyway, we got a chance to compare the screen printing up close on them and The Shops prints were all consistently far cleaner and more opaque.
The edges were all clean and none of them were chopping off.
The prints were all centered, too, which is apparently a 1 out of 5 shot with most other companies.
I called my manager that night and told him we wanted all of our tour stock printed by these guys.
Since, we have printed all of our merch through them for over 10 tours and we haven't had a single complaint from my band.
They're cheaper, faster on turn around, they let us know the moment there's a problem with one of our orders, and they don't swap brands on us without notification.
I don't mean to speak poorly for anyone else's business, many of the other printing companies we work with deal with staggering amounts of business and are known to be incredibly hardworking.
The downside is that I've often felt as if I've been way too low of a priority to get orders right when they require some form of detail.
You ask for athletic gray and you get a solid color, you ask for one size in a female cut and 4 others in male cut only to find a box full of 5 different female cuts, you ask for alternative apparel and you get Gildan.
Some companies just have far too much volume to put out and need to get the order done.
Bryan and Cory are both endearing, hard working guys and they have a genuine passion for getting the prints right.
They have contacted me on a number of occasions asking for ANY criticism so they can make sure their quality checks are in order.
They're also great people.
I forward any artists to them when they ask us where we get our merch.

