I guess I was in the minority of people who believed Caldero, the former occupant of the building, was the next best thing to sliced bread.
Actually I hate sliced bread.
Bad analogy.
Not realizing they had closed, I contemplated my order as I approached the front door.
But wait?
What's that?
A new sign caught my eye.
Filiberto's Mexican Food AND Bar?
When did FiliB  move in and when did he start serving alcohol?
Crushed and confused, we went in.
It's not that I don't like FiliB.
He's great for a quick drive-thru.
But what's he doing in this spot?
Well, he's suffering from an identity crisis apparently.
A hostess seated us.
Yep, a HOSTESS!
And brought menus.
But they're just folded carry-out paper menus.
Not the real deal.
Then she took our order.
Yep, TOOK OUR ORDER!
My husband was served his Micheleda in a glass mug, yet my Coke was reduced to a paper cup.
We ordered chips & salsa.
Remember, this is the same FiliB dirt cheap prices, so expect to pay for them.
The server never brought them.
Our meals were served on actual breakable plates.
Yet the utensils (NOT PLASTIC) were placed with care on these itty bitty pathetic excuses for napkins-the kind that usually sit in a dispenser.
The food was the same as any FiliB.
I ordered a green chile burro enchilada style, and foolishly expected enchilada sauce.
It had a pork green chile sauce over it instead.
No real complaints, but in my opinion, it should be either table-service or a fast-food place, not this weird hybrid of the two.
I'm more inclined to visit FiliB at a drive-thru location and go elsewhere for a nicer sit-down meal.
However, if you think I was confused, you should have seen the folks who came in after us expecting to walk up to a counter to order.
If you come in, which you must because there is no drive-thru, you will order at the hostess station and wait...wherever you want I guess.
But you can have a margarita while you do.

The service is soooo sloooow.
The Adobada taco was way too salty.
However, after a long night of dancing and drinking, I can't really complain.
The Carne Asada Fries, though, was so YUMMY.
I ate nearly the whole thing.
The fries was perfectly crispy and crunchy; the carne asada was plentiful and just enough seasoning.

Filibertos is awesome as always...but I must admit this location came as such random surprise to me...there is no drive-thru to begin.
When you walk in you have an arcade to your left, a dinning room to your right and you are greeted by a woman who either seats you or walks you to the counter to give your order...not complaining...just say-in...

I have been coming to this particular Filiberto's for a while now and the food and friendly service are consistently top notch.
The bar is stocked with good tequila and they usually have something going on like karaoke in the evening to keep things interesting.
It fills an interesting niche of taco shop fast food along with a nice bar that I didn't think would gel together but surprisingly does.
Food and drink specials for the most part are also pretty great as well.

This place is good.
They have specials every day on beer and food.
Tacos are awesome.
Fajita's are stellar, and loaded to the max with meat.
Staff is friendly and cordial.
Definitely my new favorite place!
Prices rock.

First of all this is not your typical Fili B's!
It is like the Cadillac of late night fast food restaurants!
It has a sit down restaurant, a full laminated menu, a full bar, BIG screen TVs and wait staff!!
Wow!
Now I know this is not 5 star dining, but in the realm of late night/fast food this is a whole other level of greatness which is why I had to give five stars.
The owner happened to be our server and he was extremely friendly and excited about his restaurant and rightfully so!
All the screens had soccer on while I was there, which in my opinion added to the 'ambiance'.
The bar and restaurant were hopping with excited soccer fans!
We ordered the half-order of loaded nachos as an appetizer.
I had the ceviche tostada and carne asada taco for dinner.
My friend had an amazing burrito!
See all the pictures; it all looked and tasted delicious.
The nachos weren't that exciting, but aside from that everything else was done very well and came out fast!
The ceviche came with a huge portions of fish and cabbage and tasted great, which I never in my wildest dreams would have envisioned at a Fili B's!
I had a frozen margarita that they made in house, blended just for me...no margarita machine here.
So yes there was plenty of tequila.
Thank goodness for my good DD friend Nydi!
I don't think I can ever go to a normal Filiberto's again!
Well, ask me at 2am and I may change my tone Hahhah!

I've been looking for a basic Mexican go to since moving to Phoenix and I think I finally found it.
It was a Sunday night so it was pretty dead.
The decor was interesting for a Mexican restaurant - leather booths.
There's a large bar inside and a decent number of TVs and a big Movie screen (playing Scarface while we were there).
The staff was very friendly.
Everything was pretty cheap.
We ordered the chips and salsa (costs extra, but the prices of the dishes make up for it).
The house salsa is pretty good and has some heat.
The chips are freshly fried.
They have Modelo on draft, which I've never seen before (but I'm from the Midwest).
There's also a $3.00 draft special every night.
Margaritas are also pretty reasonable, I think around $5.00 but I didn't try one.
We got the chimichanga, pollo asada, and a jalapeno cheese tamale.
Everything came out (disturbingly) fast as it does for most Mexican places.
Again, everything was decent.
Can't really beat the price, atmosphere, and friendly staff.

This was the biggest surprise of Mexican food I have had in a long time.
Having been in Missouri for the last three years, good quick Mexican is nonexistent.
I always crave good Mexican that isn't overpriced and dripping with grease.
Let's start with the best part.
This was the nicest Filiberto's I have ever seen.
It is actually the nicest quick Mexican place you will ever see.
They have you order for take out up front but it looked like you can sit and have a waiter.
There is a full bar, tv's and a huge screen with a video game you could play.
None of those is the norm for a Filiberto's.
What was normal was the awesome food and decent prices.
I can't ask for anything else.
I had a California and my wife had a shrimp burrito.
When I asked for more salsa they obliged quickly.
I asked for a bunch.
Maybe 4 of each is what I said.
Then the server brought out at least 5-6 of each type in a bag.
Over the top.
I wish I had known about this Filiberto's before.
I will come back to this Fili-B's.

The food is great!
There is a large selection of Mexican food which will be at your table in very little time.
The service is great as well.
If you are looking for a delicious meal at a very little price, this is the place.
You can order two well-portioned meals for less than fifteen dollars, very nice for those with big appetites.
Came here from Florida and this is by far the best restaurant I have eaten at this far!

This is the first place I hit up when I come out to the Valley.
I still haven't tried anything different on the menu besides the 3 rolled tacos and cheese quesedilla... One day i will, but those quesedilla's are just so delicious!

I know what many of you must be thinking -how can a Filly B's have 4.5 stars?
Well I'll tell you how, It's not your average Filibertos.
There is a hostess when you first walk in.
The bar is on the left.
Yes folks I said a bar!
There's a big screen, music, pool table and full service bar!
Boom.
You sit down at a table, there is a waitress and you are given actual menus.
The staff is so cool, friendly, and humble.
Everyone I bring here is surprised its a Filibertos, yet the same good food and low prices as all the other chains.
Foods I would suggest would be the carne asada tacos, nachos, steak ranchero, chorizo con huevos, ceviche, bean & cheese burritos & most importantly the deep fried ice cream.
Can I get an amen?
Come down and bring some friends.
Tip- the drive thru is now open but I highly suggest foregoing the drive thru & stepping on in!

Best refried beans i have ever had.
Big fancy restaurants dont even compare to these beans bro....

I'm confused by all the high ratings.
I've had plenty of good Mexican while in and around Phoenix but this was definitely on the low end.
I did find out after from some locals this is more the end of night drunk food stop.
Eh well.

I've always appreciated Filiberto's for a late night taco or burrito, but this location delivers exceptional quality.
Also just tried their fajitas and I'm surprised to say they are the best I've ever had... And half the price most Mexican sit down restaurants!

Probably the worst filli b's I have ever gone to.
I live near by so I gave it a couple chances.
This food taste like dog food and their service is even worse than their food.
I like the chain and I will go to a different location but I won't EVER go back to this location!

They got new tortas !
Milanesa  Pierna Hawaiian Jamon  Mmmmmm awesome ...  And the best cold beer in town

By far the worst filiburtos I've ever been to (and I've been to MANY) Unfortunately it's the closest one I live to and its only walking distance away.
I've tried thier food, at this location, more than once and giving them more than enough chance .
The potatoes are never cooked in the breakfast burritos and are always hard.
Every time I order a meal the ingredients are never right.
I've been there a handful of times and everytime my experience has been horrible.... idk why they ask what sauce u want at the drive thru.
EVERYTIME they give u 1 green 1 red no matter what u request.The breakfast burrito I just threw away 5 minutes ago will be my last purchased from there.

