Annie is always very hospitable & she's a hard worker.
Former server now the owner.
The Pho here is excellent.
I am Vietnamese & am very picking when it comes to Pho.
Everything I've had here is good except for the eggrolls.
Tried it a couple time with previous owner when it was Pho Rainbow.
It wasn't any good so I never order it anymore.
Bun Tom Thit Nuong & Lemongrass chicken are my favorite.
So happy to have a nice Vietnamese restaurant close to Mt Edge.
Use to go to Jenni Pho(pho there is no good) but now I'm a fan of Pho Annie.

New owners...used to be called Rainbow Pho.
The good thing about this Vietnamese Cuisine spot is that its close to the crib, otherwise, Pho87 is still hands down the best Pho joint in town.
What is nice about this place is that virtually nothing has changed but the name.
They have a diverse menu offering anything from Mango Salad (papaya salad with shredded green mango) to salt and pepper saba.
The pho selection is like any other except they offer some unique variations that I have not yet tried and can't recall the name...sorry, I know that isn't very helpful.
Otherwise, broth is ok...i'm not a critical broth nazi, but know good broth when I taste it.
But if I am feeling the urge, I can do with lower grade pho.
They have a descent crab noodle soup that I remember tasting when they were formerly Rainbow Pho...its was pretty good and tasted like bun bo hue.
Still, there are not many Vietnamese eateries in the deep Southwest of Las Vegas, so if you are hungry and don't want to drive to Chinatown, this place is worth a shot.
There is also Jenny Pho and Bamboo Bistro nearby.
The bubble tea is available in various flavors, I am not particularly fond of balls in my mouth, but I do recommend the three bean dessert drink...closest thing to halo halo.
They do have a drive through outside that I wish they implemented...but not sure if that will be a good or bad thing.

My girlfriend is Vietnamese and we both love good Vietnamese food.
Annie has done a great job on making this place her own.
The food is very good, good prices, and good service.

Special Rainbow Pho please!
Broth soooo good!

I am pleased to see Pho places creeping West.
I do not like to drive all the way to Chinatown whenever I have a hot soup craving.
Pho Annie is cute inside.
Clean.
Pho, egg rolls, and iced coffee were A-OK.
Nothing better or worse than your average Pho place aside from the slighty nicer ambiance.
Service was short,  and generic as expected.
I'd go back anytime to warm my belly and soul with hot soup.

I love their Mango Salad, its my favorite on the menu.
Its green mango julienned into pieces, topped with lots of shrimp and flavored with fish sauce.
I like to add in some Siracha to give it a little kick, yuuumm!
I got to try something else other than their pho.
By the way, their portions are enormous.
Every time I've ordered, I can only finish half the bowl.
So this time around, I tried the duck noodle soup.
I thought the duck was going to be the itty bitty pieces of duck, but these were large portions.
I'm talking fat pieces of meat on every bite.
It is served with clear noodles, the thick rice vermicelli.
I think next time I will ask for egg noodle or pho noodles because those noodles are hard to eat.
They get stuck together and when you take a big bite and try to bite it off, that wasn't really working for me so I just had to slurp up whatever I scooped up.
LOL.
Service is great here, they are actually pretty quick everytime we come here.
I definitely recommend this place.
They also take Credit Cards, unlike the restaurant down the way when you have no cash.

pho here is the best on the southwest side of town.
ive been to many pho places around town this one is definitely my favorite.
the bowls here are big but i eat alot so i actually ask for extra noodles.
ive had the potstickers, chicken wings, egg rolls, spring rolls, pad thai.
porkchop and rice, egg wrapped fried rice, rice vermicelli bowls and obviously the pho.
the pho is my favorite here followed by the fried rice.
my only complaint is the checking out service is super slow.
when its somewhat busy it takes the server a little while to get me my check.
but other than that i definitely choose this place over jennipho.
that place is no good and they dont take card.
thats a demerit in my book.

This pho place is very close to my house.
I go there pretty often.
Very friendly staff, I always get the egg roll, best egg rolls I had in vegas pho places.

This place use to be called rainbow pho until one of the servers purchased the entire restaurant.
Pho Annie is a great place to grab pho or if your into the meat dishes like the grilled pork chops.
This is located on the west side for all you west side peepz!
My friend and I ordered the Chicken Pho and I ordered the grilled lamb chops with rice and egg.
And for appetizers we had the fresh Vietnamese wraps.
Our food was amazing, service was great, greeted with a smile and acknowledge you as a returning customer.
cannot complain much about this place.

So Michael Jackson was a thief who stole his music.
One of his greatest hits actually originated in Vietnam... notice the similarities below??
Hmmm????
Pho Annie Are You OK So, Annie Are You OK Are You OK, Pho Annie  Well that was weird....
Anyway, this restaurant is more than just okay, it's one of my favorites.
The dishes here are really big.
The all star is the pork chop, w broken rice and egg.
Add egg rolls if you want to get really cray cray.
Be warned, this dish is BIG.
I wonder if the broken rice is bought broken or they break it in the restaurant, message me if you think you have the answer, I am curious.
Restaurant has the sweetest staff.
Ingredients fresh.
Portions big.
Prices fair.
What else do you want?
This place is a winner in my book, so glad it's by my work.

I didn't know this place changed owners, but I'm a fan.
I liked the previous place, but like this one even more.
The broth was so flavorful.
Deep, rich, and aromatic broth with a good punt of noodles and meat.
Hands down my go to pho spot in the southwest!!

Neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant that serves all the basic dishes like pho, bun, and rice plates.
Nothing too extensive but they make everything very well and the food comes out fresh and fast.
Noticed that they don't have combinations of meat for their pho but you can always ask them to add things for you.
I like that they aren't stingy with the lime and jalapeños and the portions are filling.
Also they have these round spoons that are amaaazing for creating the perfect noodle to soup ratio per bite!

It's Pho.
Nothing special but I really wished the chefs don't spit when they're in the kitchen.

Love this place, come here almost once a week...

Neighborhood Pho Restaurant!
I think the food is pretty good, price is fair, and large portions.

I went here on a recommendation from a friend.
I got the grilled pork with rice and to eggs over and that was good my wife got the bun Bo hue  and the soup was delicious.
The shrimp spring roll was fresh and could of used more shrimp in them.
We also got the three color dessert and that was great also.
We got the shaking beef dish for my son and he like it a lot .
Definately going back again.

Excellent service and delicious food

So, we've been here at least once a week since moving into the neighborhood.
The owner Annie is bubbly and reminds me of a younger version of my mom.
Are her dishes as good as my mom's?
Hmm, not quite, but who's ever is, right??
Anyways, I've tried the chicken pho (pho ga), crab soup (bun rieu), grilled pork with rice (com thit nuong), combo beef pho (dac biet) and  the roast duck/wonton egg noodle soup (Mi Vit quay).
My favorite?
For sure, the roast duck and wonton noodle soup- which is more of a Chinese dish than Vietnamese BUT, it actually is pretty damn tasty and I don't have to drive to Chinatown each time I'm craving duck :)  But all the other dishes are actually not bad either- I've had bad pho before and theirs is not bad at all, in fact, it's good enough that I actually brought my mom there!
Let's just say it started off a little rocky with mom, but overall she said it's pretty good and that the soup base for the wonton noodle and her chicken pho had lots of flavor.
Guess that's a win :)

I had the chicken rice noodle soup and it was good, so was the fried eggroll.
My husband had the chicken curry soup, I didn't care for that very much.
Their thai coffee was good.
I would definitely go back.

Horrible service.
We walked in when it was empty to order food to go for work and it took 10 mins for anyone to even notice us.
After reading the great reviews I though the food sounds like its worth the wait.
When I got to my job our pho had none of the chicken or meat that we ordered so we only had the noodles and broth.
I immediately called back and explained that I couldn't come back at the moment but what their procedures were for this.
The guy told me that they were busy so to come the next morning and they would refund me.
So I went and the owner Annie went completely crazy shushing me out saying that the guy who answered the phone didn't know what he was talking about and saying she didn't care what he said that she's in charge and she can't help us.
I'm always very understanding but the manager clearly doesn't care about her guests.

I like it...its not amazing...buts its simple and affordable.
Large portions at an affordable price and a small step ahead of Jennie Pho.
That's good enough for me when eating lunch or take out.
FYI, I am half Vietnamese and know what the cuisine should taste like...this isn't great...but this isn't Houston, TX.

My Husband and I decided to try Pho Annie instead of our usual Jenny Pho down the street.
The Pho dishes we ordered were great but the service at this restaraunt was absolutely horriblee!
I asked for lemon and the server said they didn't have any but limes instead.
Those never came.
I asked for napkins, she said okay but never returned with those either.
Was not friendly and when refilling water would overfill so that ice and water spilled and didn't say a word about it.
Overall the server acted annoyed like she was doing us a favor.These are just a few things that happened.
Ir's such a shame, the food is great but the service not so.

As most places like this I am always scared about food poisoning.
But I am here to tell you Nay Nay.
Awesome food.
Low pricing.
And no trips to the hospital.
I go at least once a week now.

A favorite for us!
Ask fir the Satay!!
Spicy, rare steak, noodle soup to die for!
And Annie is rad!

Salt n Pepper Calamari?
Yes please!
I love this stuff and it's on point at this spot.
NOM!
Crispy.
Salty.
Tasty!!!
The broth for the pho here is fantastic as well!
It doesn't even need any extra seasoning added to it, but what's pho without some sriracha??!!
Decent prices and closer than China Town now that I'm in a new 'hood.

I walked in and I found myself awkwardly standing in front of a family trying to enjoy their meal.
Although the place is not very large, it can accommodate small parties quite comfortably.
I can never find myself to stray from my usual bowl of Pho and that is exactly what I ordered.
I usually frequent Pho So 1 but this place seemed like it deserved a try and I'm glad I did.
I will probably choose this place for my Pho fix if I am coming from home.
For ~$8 (average price), I had a good sized helping of noodles and meat.
The broth itself was slightly oily for my taste and there appeared to be no MSG.
I enjoy Pho both with and without MSG, but I do prefer without because of the cotton mouth feeling I get after eating MSG.
So the verdict?
Long wait to be seated, long wait to order, long wait to receive the check but my patience probably needs practice anyway.
I'll be back, pho-sho.

I'm digging their vegetable tofu pho!
To die for!
#AnniePho @LasVegas_Now YUMYUM!
Best pho place @LasVegas_Places

We come here even though Jenni Pho is closer for all our hangover needs but this past Sunday's visit just might be our last.
Walked into the restaurant and was not even greeted for over 5 minutes even though there were workers here and there just looking at us... My man finally walked up to a server and asked if we could sit in one of the empty booths.. We sit.. takes another 10 minutes just to get water and menus.. After a few more minutes pass my boyfriend tries to get one of the server's attention but we are told to "hold on..." At this point we are so irritated.
We walk out he gets a cheeeeeburger from next door and I got my pho from Jenni Pho.
UGHHHHH the restaurant is small and was not even that busy.
Annie you need to step up your game because the service here gets a big fat F~!!

So whilst traveling on the Pho circuit, this out of chinatown eatery which is close to my house is a surprise.
The Pho is decent here, but the star is the Bun Bo Hue (spicy noodle soup).
Better than most others I have sampled in Vegas, the rice plates are good too.
The service for me has been fine, as I get waited on by Annie herself alot, I haven't seen that "other" guy.... but then again I'm used to the "service" from the asian joints so I am a bit more forgiving....
So in a pinch, this spot works for me, but give the Bun Bo Hue a try...and don't let the pork blood squares or the pig's feet pieces scare you, just try it.....there's worst and scarier things you could eat......  Ciao!

No longer will I need to travel all the way to china town for good pho.
This place has everything that you would expect from an Asian restaurant.
Great food, oriental atmosphere, servers that barely speak English and mediocre service...lol.
To compare the food i'd have to say its a little better than Pho Kim Long, except for the calamari.
I don't know what Pho Kim Long does to their calamari but theirs just can't be beat.
Annie's Pho however is extraordinary; always on point.
Most pho for me is a hit or miss on the broth (e.g.
jennie pho) but Annie has never disappointed.
I like the fact that they include the soup with all their rice dishes as well.
So I never have to order a big bowl of pho if i just want the soup.
Very convenient for me.
The main difference with Annie is that its just once size bowl.
So you have no choice but to have a big bowl of pho everytime.
Oh and they have duck... i love duck.
It's not on the menu but for those in the know, know.
The have pho with duck as well.
Nothing fancy here, just a quarter duck served in pho, but i still like.
Their portions are bigger than Pho Kim Longs as well.
Their Charbroiled Pork Chop with egg comes with 2-3 pieces of pork chop and 2 eggs compared to Pho Kim Longs 1-1 1/2 pieces and one egg.
Oh and its cheaper too.
Spring rolls are pretty much the same as everywhere else.
The Mango Shrimp Salad is a must have every time I go there.
Sweet with a little sour and just oh so good.
Annie is usually there, i take that back, Annie is always there making sure everyone is being taken care of.
I always like to see this in a small business owner.
She puts in the work.
Some of the other employees...eh...not sure if they are all their sometimes.
This one server, my gf spoke to him in Vietnamese and in English and he still didn't understand.
We had to point and use hand signals... really weird.
He was good at keeping my water filled though.
I know we've all experienced the server not understanding you in these kind of restaurants so I can't really explain.
Its part of the experience I guess.
Food takes a while sometimes but everything is made fresh and they come out sporadically.
No waiting till every ones food is ready.
You just gotta be ready to eat when it comes.
All in all I have a 4 star experience at Pho Annies on the average.
If it wasn't for the  delay in receiving the food and the random slow acting server i would have given it a 5.

Being new to LV I have to get used to the Asian spots....thank goodness for friends!
It's a ways from Chinatown, it's actually on the south side near 215 but well worth the drive!
Reminded me of some of my Pho spots back in Houston.
Thai tea is so bomb!!
I need to go back!

This is my absolute favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas!
Their prices are so cheap for the amount of food that they give you which is literally a huge giant plate.
Although I'm a pho kind of girl, their broken rice dishes are absolutely delicious.
This will always be my go to place for pho and Vietnamese rice dishes!!

Currently my favorite Pho.
So that alone gets 5 stars.
The Pho Satay is really good, I think that isn't on the menu, but it's very very spicy too.
The crispy noodles is very good.
Curry chicken is very good, but no bread!
A nice french bread baguette is so common with this dish, and it's all it would of needed to make it perfect.
The Vietnamese coffee is often too sweet, so I ask for lite sweetness.
The Pho here is better than:  - Pho So 1  - Pho Kinh Do  - Hue Thai  - Pho Bosa

Awesome food for great prices, just make sure your thorough when ordering (point to menu, pictures etc) as English isn't their first language, we received something we didn't order.
Awesome Thai Tea, Pho, spring rolls & egg rolls.
The squid wasn't great, fried, and lacked flavor.

I love this place!
I just tried Pho Annie with couple of friends the other day and have been here now 3 times this week for lunch.
It's fantastic in my opinion.
I'm only giving it four stars because I've only had pho at handful of other places.
Otherwise, this would definitely be my first five star review.
I've seen reviews that service sucks at Pho Annie, but I have no idea where that's coming from.
Have you been to Jason's Deli?
Every time I come to Pho Annie (well, this week) they greet me at door in about 2 seconds and take my order within 2 minutes.
Within about 5 minutes after you order you have your food.
This place is sick.
I've been getting the steak and beef brisket pho (I think it's #16 or #17 on the menu).
It's great and in pretty ridiculous amounts for only $6.99.
You get a crazy amount of the soup and noodles plus the standard sides (bean sprouts, jalapenos - ask for more - and fresh Thai basil).
It's just like sitting in the streets of Saigon or something the produce is so fresh .
Freaking awesome!
One my friends ordered the #1 (or as it seemed - mystery meat combo).
It was only described in Vietnamese on the menu.
As a big fan of Thai food I figured from experience this was probably organ meats...and it was.
Basically tripe, tendons (which look like wieners of an unidentified animal) and some roast beef in thin slices.
If you're not adventurous, I wouldn't go for it your first time.
It's also great that they don't ask you what you'd like to drink.
They bring you water and that's what you have.
I love that you don't have to make a decision between Pepsi or Sprite.
I also love the fact that  the ambiance is somewhat questionable.
I'm pretty familiar with the area having lived in Spring Valley for a while and worked in the area as well for sometime.
Everything in that area is very generic and nice - and incredibly boring.
I hate that and prefer culture over comfort.
The decor is sort of like Asian restaurant meets depressing IHOP booths, which I like a lot.
However, it's incredibly clean, but small (love that).
Nevertheless, the kitchen is open viewing for all customers and looks really spotless with fresh sprouts, jalapenos and basil in full view.
I love Pho Annie and will probably come back for a long time.
It's an awesome place with awesome food and awesome service.
I'm sold.

this place was just ok. the pho was mediocre, egg rolls were good, i got a pineapple smoothie and it tasted like it was made with rotten pineapple.
seperated before i could even drink any of it.
probably wouldnt eat here again unless there was no other pho place open.
much better pho resturaunts in vegas

One of the BEST Vietnamese restaurants I know, I wish I could take this place back with me to Silicon Valley.
Definitely recommend the PHO, crispy noodle seafood and also the spring rolls!

Bomb spring rolls!
Who knew there was a Vietnamese restaurant away from China town!
Amazing food!

After a long weekend of athletic adventure, drinking, and the road trip home from CA, Annie Pho was just what we needed.
When I don't feel so great, pho is the magic potion to make the boo boos all better.
Annie cured me right up with some of her Roasted Duck Pho.
Bf opted for his beloved Rare Steak Pho, which he gave a thumb up to between slurps and noodle chomping.
The broth is solid.
This was our first time visiting since it changed ownership from Rainbow Pho.
Our friends tell us that this place has consistently good broth, which is not always the case for many of the pho competitors in Vegas.
Service is great for dine in.
Water glasses are promptly addressed and food is delivered to the table as soon as the cook places it on the service counter.

When the craving for pho hits and I am stuck at home, this is my go-to since it is in the Southwest.
My first time here was during lunch on a Monday.
The place was COMPLETELY PACKED.
Every booth and table was taken which was very surprising, but in the end, our food came out promptly and service was the usual for an Asian restaurant (I'm Chinese so I'm allowed to say that).
We ordered 2 bowls of the house specialty pho and the pan fried seafood noodles.
Everything was SO good.
The noodles were fried into a bowl shape and had a lot of shrimp, squid, fish, and an abundance of veggies (which I love).
When you smash the fried noodles & stir it up with the seafood sauce, they turn into half crunchy/half tender noodles.
The consistency was so good that I barely got a couple of bites in before my kids gobbled it all up.
The pho was pretty good with the meat all very tender and not chewy (like when you just chew so much and force yourself to swallow because it's not falling apart enough, no, that never happened).
The broth was good, although I tend to just take a preliminary taste before I dress it up with japalenos, lime, sriricha, and hoisen sauce.
The second time we went back was on Mother's Day at about 6PM.
There were only 3 other tables there?
I was wondering if I had missed something & if this place was closed down by the health district or something prior to our visit.
Hopefully not.
This time around, we ordered boba milk tea (75% ice, stop being so stingy), and the same order as last time + spring rolls.
The spring rolls are standard, but served with extra lettuce to wrap around the spring rolls.
Sure, I'm down to eat extra lettuce whenever I can, although others may not like it.
The pho was the same as last time, but the seafood noodles were different.
They had beef in them and bbq pork.
It was lacking most of the seafood in the "crispy pan fried seafood noodles", and just tasted way different.
I'm going to go again and order all the same stuff and decide if I should keep this spot on my radar.
I wish the food was more consistent, but for now, I'll say it's alright.

My favorite local Vietnamese food!
Springs rolls, pho tai chin, pork chops, Vietnamese coffee(strong) are among my favorites.

Small but packs a big punch.
This is such a good local neighborhood spot, its just as delicious as the more popular Pho Kim Long but the service is way better.
It's not too pricey, most dishes are in the $6-$9 range and the portions are huge so get your gut ready!

It was good.
My only complaint would be the 5 Spice Sauteed Squid.
I asked for "light oil" but when I got home, I found that it was tempura fried!
What?
Pan or deep fried is NOT sauteed and when I asked for light oil, the server should have told me that is impossible because it is a fried dish.
It did taste pretty good though,  didn't taste any 5 spice though.
Tasty pho and decent mango salad even though most mango salads are not as ripe as this one.
The mango is usually crunchy like green papaya.
Better than Jenni Pho, which is greasy as can be.
Will be back.

Bleh.
That's all I can really say about this place.
The food is sub par.
The service is horrible.
The only upside?
It's close to me.
We got seated, and ordered two waters and one hot tea.
We received one water and one hot tea.
When the waiter came to take our order, I once again asked for another water.
When they came to deliver the dipping sauces for the egg rolls, which was about five minutes later, I once again asked for another water.
When they delivered our egg rolls, about ten minutes later - I once again asked for another water.
When they delivered our main course, about a minute and a half later - I once again asked for a water.
FIVE TIMES.
Five times of asking to get a simple glass of water.
Seriously?
That's so ridiculous.
Also, the fact that our appetizer came out only a minute and a half before our entree, is ridiculous to me.
That's not quite the point of an appetizer - but ok.
They were decent in taste.
The pho was alright.
Broth was very oily and not too hot.
Flavor was there though.
All in all, no thanks Pho Annie.
No thanks.

Finally a decent pho restaurant near the house without driving all the way to chinatown.
The food here is actually not too shabby, but the service is typical of any asian restaurants LOLZ, doesn't bother me one bit.
The service has gotten alot better over the past year now that they have more staff, so they are getting better.
The location is perfect for those of us that live down south.
Infact It's so close to the house, that I could even walk there haha.
I would have to say the food is above average so I can't really complain, I've tasted worst in chinatown.
The price is actually pretty good in comparison to other pho restaurant that's why we come here frequently.
Been here probably 20 times by now and tried pretty much EVERYTHING!
Like I said, overall food is DECENT, service is OK but location is PERFECT.

Okay, so I have a Pho craving like twice a year...called this place about 9:45p asking to get take out.
Lady told me they close at ten so I told her my order and she didn't want to accept it because she thought I would have gotten there after 10 haha.
Denied!
So, obviously I'm never going there I told myself if they don't want my business...but out of convenience and considering a vegetarian friend we went and it confirmed my prejudice.
Waiter told us they do not have a vegetarian broth, which the chef easily took care of after we told him to ask.
He didnt know what kind of fish that they would put in a seafood veg soup.
Friendly but knew nothing.
Food was average.
Safe to say I will not be satisfying my random Pho craving here again haha

Blech!
Can you just say this is pure disgust?
There pho broth tastes so bland that I might just as well have water as broth with my pho.
On top of it shitty service does really accompanies with their food quality.
The lady owner is such a b-i-t-c-h she was taking my order, and giving me attitude when I was asking about the sizes.
Crappiest Pho place I ever been to in my life!

I've eaten Vietnamese foods all my life.
Luckily, there's a pho restaurant near my house.
Normally, I'd drive down to spring MTN to eat good Vietnamese foods, however, there's one so close by my house.
I ate a few times here and I loved every single dish they have.
I go here regularly now because the  foods are great and the people are nice and sweet especially Annie, the owner.
Please try it yourself and you'll love it!!!
Overall, this place deserves 5 stars from me....keep up the great foods!!

You guys got it all twisted..the food here is pretty decent..although I will agree that the pho is not top notch the other dishes definitely make up for it..try their grilled pork and egg rice dish.
Vermicelli(bun) is bomb and and Chinese dishes like crispy noodle chow mein is delish!
Service is just like any other Asian place don't expect too much..the owner definitely is working on that part because there was this one lady that used to wait on us there and she sucked...went in there last week and the new guy is cool..(im a regular)

Their food was good, the soup had deep Vietnamese traditional taste.
Pho Annie was different from other Pho places I've gone too.
Although the service was good and the food was also good, I wish they could be able to serve alcohol here.
That would make this place perfect for dinner.

We've come here various time for dine-in and take out.
My fiancé and I think the place is good, but we find the service inconsistent.
There are times when the service is of an exceptional grade and there are times when we are standing at the register waiting to be seated.
Overall though the experience isn't that bad and at its worst its bearable.
The food is where this place shines.
My fiancé is Vietnamese and she thinks the food is delicious, i concur with that assessment.
I love their rice dishes, Im filipino, and for some reason i dont think a meal is complete without rice.
My fiance says their soup dishes are flavorful and good.
Had to take off a star because of service but overall the experience is good.

This place has some good pho!
The staff here aren't the most polite (you'd know what I mean if you have Asian aunties), but don't let that affect your visit!
For example, the owner, Annie, was looking for fish sauce for another table that somehow did not have any.
She happened to notice the full bottle on my table, so she reached over my food with no clear "Excuse me" or "Thank you" (same thing when she came to put it back).
I thought it was funny, but I am familiar with this type of "mannerism" so it didn't bother me at all.
My favorite dish on the menu is the crabmeat and tomato pho with vermicelli.
There are nicely-sized clumps of crabmeat (Fresh?
Imitation?
Who cares?
), peeled shrimp, wedges of tomatoes, sausage slices, fried tofu, and beef liver, garnished with green onions and what I think is dried fish shavings or something.
The broth is bright orange and not spicy at all.
I always order this with some Thai Iced Tea.
For each soup, they also bring out the usual side of bean sprouts, sliced peppers, mint leaves, limes, etc.
I also like their egg rolls and spring rolls with peanut sauce (yummmm!!!).
The food usually comes out very quickly, unless they are very busy... which sometimes they are.
The dining area is long and quite limited in seating.
There are booths along one side of the wall, with a few tables near the front.
The interior is nice and dimly lit with a TV on either end of the room.
Overall, I'd rate this 5 stars based on their menu and location.
If you can look past their "mannerisms" you'll really enjoy it here!

Im so glad i found this place!
I used to go to jenny pho but they just kept getting worse and worse.
When i tried this place i fell in love with their broth.
They have the strong taste and i love that.
Also, their customer care was exceptionally good and they give you big portions.
I would definitly recommend this place.

I live around the corner from here so I decided to try it.
The broth was delicious, not too salty and it didn't taste like it had msg.
I ordered the beef combination with raw steak, beef tendon, and beef and paid $3.00 for extra  shrimp.
I really enjoyed the soup.
My only peeve was the lady up front was a little stingy when I asked her for and extra packet of hoisin.
She said "oh hunyy, you already get two, that"s plenty".... ummm... really lady?
Give me the dang sauce!
Other than that the food was great, and the servers are friendly and the place looks clean.

I was a bit skeptical of coming to a Vietnamese restaurant in the southwest away from some of my favorite places in chinatown, but my friend convinced me to try Pho Annie...and I'm glad that I did.
This is definitely a hidden gem in the southwest area of town when you do not want to drive over to Spring Mountain/Chinatown.
I had the Pho Dac Biet (basically the pho with everything) and it was a good sized portion and very flavorful.
There was a good amount of meat and noodles and definitely enough to fill up most appetites.
We also got the egg rolls which come as 4 eggrolls with lettuce to wrap.
They were also quite good.
I am looking forward to going back to Pho Annie to try some of the rice and dry noodle dishes that other reviewers have talked about.

In search of Pho in Las Vegas.
We tried this place based on the Yelp reviews.
The decor is very nice and the service was great.
For me it is all about the Pho.
The broth in Pho varies from place to place and the broth at Pho Annie just isn't my style.
For others it may very well be exactly what they like but for me it didn't hit the spot.

Food was legit, The staff was very cool, we got white boy love.

Regular customer here,the pho,spring rolls,egg rolls,pork chop over rice are awesome, no need to drive to spring mountain anymore, willing to recommendation to neighborhood!

My new go to Vietnamese restaurant in my neighborhood!
Officially switched from Jennie pho...sorry :( they have more variety of choices specially for me (vegetarian) i loved shrimp mango salad!
Can't wait to try more appetizers here!
Place is pretty small so, if ur planning on taking big family around major lunch or dinner hours come prepared to wait for table a little though...

Just because a place isn't in China Town, doesn't mean it can't be as good as them.
Such a cute little place with the best fried rice ever.
It's wrapped in a giant scrambled egg.
I also had this type of dry noodle dish with bbq and shrimp in it.
Definitely plan to keep going here on rainy days.

Ok place for pho.
The place is kinda scary at  night.
It is hidden in a dark area.
I felt like I might get robbed coming out of there.

I just tried this place for the first time since jenni pho was closed for what looked like a deep cleaning of their whole restaurant.
The great thing about Annie pho is the service was good and friendly (you never know how the service will be in places like this).
However I was disappointed with the pho, the broth wasn't as rich to me and a little too on the sweet side.
Overall the experience was good but the pho just wasn't for me.
They accept debit and credit cards which is nice!

I like this place.
The atmosphere is nice and the food was good.
We had a very nice waiter .
The give you a good size portions.
I was only half way through my pho and I was getting full.
There chow fun is really tasty.
I will be coming back here when it starts getting colder for the tasty broth.

Service is great.
This place is clean and seems organized.
Unlike other Vietnamese restaurants with empty condiment bottles on the tables or missing utensils.
The food smells and tastes delicious.
Annie has really done a great job with the place and food!

HUGE menu!
The broth is fantastic.
Pho makes everything better.
The egg rolls and spring rolls are also amazing.
Try the duck pho if you wanna get crazy.

When I have my cravings for some hot pho ,.. Annie pho is always my first call.
They broth is delicious, the rare meat is fresh and the flavors all combined is like pho-king heaven in my mouth.
The only thing I don't like is they always make me feel rushed.
I usually order it to go, but even when I am picking up my order they make me feel like they have to hurry to the kitchen or something.
That's the only downfall.
But other wise the pho itself is delish!!!!
I will be back... Maybe tonight!

I've been at this place a few times with family or friends and I would say the dining has been agreeable.
However, my wife and I were here kinda late last Saturday after watching a concert and we were told "closing  in 10 Min".
So we decided to take out the food instead, but we were definitely disappointed to learn that they've only put like four small thinly slices of beef wrapped on clear plastic plus three small slices of tendon!
We thought maybe they ran out of meat since they were closing or they're just skimpy on meat now that they have frequent customers!
I've eaten at various Pho places and they are generous and reasonable with meat servings!
Never going back that's for sure!
Better to go at Bamboo Bistro!

I usually go to Jenni Pho to get my pho fix, but wanted to try this place since it's a block closer to my house than Jenni Pho lol.
Friendly staff, very clean and fast service.
I only order one type of pho anywhere I go & it's the rare steak pho.
Broth was really good, and I felt like they had a pretty good selection of food.
I will definitely be coming back here :)

They are now my favorite place for Vietnamese pho restaurant period.. great food fast and cheap..order everything because it's all good

Good food and very affordable and big servings wow!
And it's near my place to.
Check it out you won't be disappointed.

Man talk about feeling sick and craving pho this was the perfect choice the soup was best I've had yet they were busy but still gave me the customer service everyone wants everyone greeting me and made sure my pho was the way is like it tip try the brisket bowl it will satisfy your hunger.

Have you tried their beef stew?
Hmmm hmm hmmm hmm hmm.
The beef stew noodle soup was so good that I probably won't ever get anything else.
I love beef stew and since they threw some noodles in with the beef stew it made it like no other beef stew I've ever had.
Was it the best beef stew I've had?
No but it was different and very enjoyable that I wanted more.
Technically its pho, it was under the pho section on the menu but I wouldn't call it your typical pho it was thicker, I dont think Ive seen any other pho place serve it, and I won't add those usual pho ingredients and hot sauces.
Those in the group who ordered the pho seemed like they enjoyed it but I already know what I'll get here.
They make other non-pho items like various pad thai and various Asian dishes which looks good from the pictures.
The prices are reasonable and a decent place 3.5 star.
It does feel and look like a dirty place.
I'm a little curious how the health place feels about Annie Pho but if I didn't get sick I'm OK with going here again.
There's not a lot of pho places in the area so I'll throw them in my rotation being all cold outside right now.

very friendly friendly and attentive staff considering how busy they were.
Good food, reasonable price, good pho.

The food is pretty good but not as good as the ones closer to Chinatown.
I would usually just go here to get my pho fix since it's a close proximity to my home.
The service is adequate & I never have any problems with having to wait for so long to receive any service.
I also like the smaller environment because it doesn't seem as crowded as opposed to the ones in Chinatown which is something I personally like about the place.

No good.. Eat pho few times a month.
This was one of my least favorites.
Broth was like warm water.

This was probably the nicest Pho place I've been to in Las Vegas.
It was decorated with nice (but fake) lush greenery everywhere and made it look so inviting the moment you walk in.
We ordered the steak Pho, summer rolls and pot stickers.
I only tried the potstickers and I'm glad I did!
Highly recommend this item if you come here.

Was not impressed, ordered the wonton soup, noodles smelled old and the wontons did not taste good.
Nice servers though.

This is my new favorite pho place that's not on Spring Mountain.
I'd give more stars, but my first server treated me like a gringo, and you can't order a 1/2 order of spring rolls.
They actually messed up my order at first(I'm not gonna complain because they gave me too much tendon), but they fixed it perfectly.
I almost didn't have to add fish sauce to my broth, because it was so well seasoned.
Easily the best pho in Mountains Edge.

My go to place for pho in Vegas.
Small place but they do it right.
I get the BBQ pork pho with won tons and add a squirt of hot and Duck sauce.
Perfect.

FINALLY!
I have found a place where I can truly enjoy a nice bowl of pho!
If you know anything about my pho searching journey in Vegas, you'd know that I've been pretty disappointed with every experience I've had at a Vietnamese restaurant thus far.
But eureka!
Pho Annie does it for me.
First off, we need to cover location because it is not an easy find.
Complex is rather odd.
It's almost like the complex curves toward the street with Pho Annie tucked on the inside hidden from the street view.
Just look for Chee Burger Chee Burger, it's in the same complex.
Restaurant isn't large 5-6 booths on the left, 3-4 tables on the right.
First visit was during lunch and it got packed fast.
Second visit was on a Sunday night and it was much slower.
I order the Annie Special pho that includes all meat additions (tripe, fatty brisket, tendon, meat balls, flank).
In Houston, we are given the option of small bowls or large bowls for pho and this would definitely be considered as the large bowl.
The bowl costs around $7.
I order the egg rolls as an appetizer and they're great -- comes with 4 large egg rolls.
Keep in mind pho doesn't take long to prepare at all so your main course will most likely follow the app within 5-10 minutes.
It's really hard to describe the taste of the broth.
All I can really say is that I truly enjoyed it.
It had the perfect amount of flavor and I actually sipped on it after I ate up everything else.
And if pho isn't your thing, they have a wide selection of other dishes.
Can't go too much in detail of that for ya cause I didn't pay close attention.. sorry!
My favorite pho place so far!
The only downfall is you have to spend a minimum of $10 to use your credit card.

Finally a pho place next to my home besides jenny pho!
I really did like the food compared to all the other pho places on spring mountain ( I've been to all of them).
The meat was very tender and kinda melted in your mouth.
The broth was amazing and I almost finished everything in my whole bowl.
The prices were pretty standard compared to other pho places.
The reason I gave it a 4 star is because my pho took forever to come out!
The other pho restaurants usually have my pho out in 5 minutes.
Annie took about 15-20.
Nonetheless it was worth the wait and the service was pretty good.

Veggie pho is vegan, gluten-free, and includes broccoli, bok choy, carrots, black mushrooms, green onion.
No msg.
The veggie broth is very plain, though.

I'm pretty hungover so take this review as you must.Ordered the spring rolls, thai tea, and rare beef steak pho.
Spring rolls were fresh but the mint leaves slightly overpowered the rest of the roll.
Thai tea was smaller than what I was used to getting for 3 dollars but it was delicious.
The pho was very good.
Broth was full of flavor and the noodles were pleantiful.
What can I say.
If I was 100 percent right now this place would probably be a 5 star.
Oh well baylife.

Incredibly annoyed with the service tonight.
We've been going there for over a year now (even back when it was called Rainbow pho) and the food and service have been great (but we usually go for lunch)... Up til tonight....
They sat us at the table n forgot about us, and even took orders for people who came after us.
We asked for three waters, three different times before they brought us two waters instead after they served us our food.
Asked for some more napkins that never came..
I would try to get the waiter's attention and it was like we were invisible.
Soup wasn't hot and honestly this is one of the worse service I've gotten from any restaurant.
Guess we will NEVER be going back there for dinner again..

I've been coming here for years since it was since Pho Rainbow.
Pho Rainbow was amazing.
Extra rare beef and meat, a big plate of bean sprouts, yummy broth that tasted like it was actually stewing in bone marrow.
And the biggest plus was that it was 10 miles closer than driving to Chinatown for pho.
Sadly, this isn't the case anymore since staff and management changed for Pho Annie   Since it changed, food quality can't compare: **Broth seems like it's from the pho broth powder.
Not as much meat.
Small oval platter of sprouts and mint leaves.
Not bad.
Just mediocre.
It doesn't stand out compared to Chinatown.
**Pan fried noodles aren't really Hong Kong style if that's what you want.
They use a thicker canton type noodle (instead of thin egg noodles) thats drenched in brown sauce.
It's literally a deep dish of noodles with soup filled halfway.
Fish taste fishy.
(We all know then that it wasn't fresh fish I was eating)  **DEALBREAKER: In the summer, I had Che Ba Mau (3 bean Dessert) that I noticed something was off.
My groupmates seemed to brush off my , "does yours taste different to you?
" notion while we were there.
I finished it halfway before going to discard it but my boyfriend took a bite and gave me the weirdest look....the coconut milk in my dessert was SPOILED.
It was sweet but had a sour taste that I took in for "normal" because of restaurant variation.He even gave it to his whole family to try to which they all looked at me in awe cos I actually continued to eat it.
I was so embarrassed.
OVERALL: It's not the worst pho place, I'm sure.
It's just that I keep returning hoping it would return back to its glory days.
But they seem to let me down.
This place is okay for a craving fix, but if you have the time and gas, I'd rather go the extra distance for Chinatown quality.

Small local Pho restaurant.
Better than others from a food and ambiance standpoint.
Don't know if I'd drive across town for this place but I live nearby and I will most certainly be back.
The sprig rolls there are much better than most other similar establishments I have been to.
The sauces were also much more flavorful too.
Our server was good too a young lady with tattoos and a bold personality.

Delicious pho broth and an excellent beef chow fun.
I like that they have other non-Vietnamese options on the menu in addition to the traditional stuff.
Ambiance is nice, lighting is much nicer than Sammy Pho.
Could use some music though.
Staff is friendly and attentive.

This place is good!
They are pretty friendly and service is quick.
When you walk in, you don't immediately get the overpowering pho smell as with most other pho restaurants.
Their pho bowls are not bad.
I would travel further into china town for a better bowl but this place is closer and more convenient.
Decent portions of meat to noodle so no complaints there.
My family orders take out from her quite often.
It's enough to split into two good sized meals.

Our first time here!
And def will come back...our new go to pho place in sw from now on:) The food was great and there's a lot of servings!!
This is close to my house too!
I gave 4 because there are no servers available when we needed something, they are all in the kitchen unlike jenni pho which is nearby also have more servers to accomodate you!

I used to eat at Jenni pho but since I found this restaurant, I have eaten here every week.
There are not a lot of Vietnamese restaurants on Rainbow and on this side of town, but this restaurant is stand out.
Their Bun Bo Hue is the best in town in my opinion.
Very authentic!!!
All of the rice dishes are great.
Pho is much better than Jenni pho.
Wonton soup is great.
Hu tieu Bo kho is decent.
Alot of noodle though.
The service is fast.
I only gave 4 stars because the hu tieu satay was not good.

Well done.
really impressed with the rare beef soup or pho.
Added a touch of siracha and lime to it and viola.
Amaze balls.
Perfect flavors with the added bit of heat I needed to clear the sinuses.
Great cleanse for my hang over.
I will be visiting again soon next time I'm in Vegas.

Very friendly staffs for Asian restaurant.
Lemon grass chicken was pretty good but Bon Bo Hue is definitely a must try.

Food was good... but service was horrible.
Waited and waited and then waited some more while everyone around us was served almost immediately.
I just wanted some good noodles while visiting.
If I lived here, I would never go back because of the service.

A good Pho restaurant in Vegas?!
Can it be??
Yess!!
It's about time that I write a review about this place.
I live right down the street so you'll find me here for dinner if I'm too lazy to drive out or cook for myself.
Their location is great for me, but for the masses they are at a huge disadvantage.
They are located on the south side of town, 20 minutes or so away from Chinatown, which is where most people who seek out Vietnamese or any type of Asian food will go.
They are also hidden in a complex where there storefront cannot be seen from the street.
When it comes to Vietnamese food, I am quite spoiled.
I grew up on my grandma's homemade Pho, so most Pho restaurants in Vegas don't even compare.
Pho Annie though...hits the spot!
Satiates that craving.
When I order a bowl of Pho, I like it to be perfect without me having to add any of the condiments available.
Hoisin and sriracha should be a dipping sauce for the meat not to flavor the diluted bowl of broth that some places try to serve.
Of course everyone has their preferences but regardless the foundation of the dish has to have substance to begin with.
Their broth is perfectly balanced...very hearty and full of flavor (but not salty) unlike many other restaurants that will serve diluted broth or broth that tastes like MSG.
The noodles aren't soggy or undercooked and the vegetables are fresh.
Everything just comes together.
Service could be better, but Vietnamese restaurants are notorious for awkward service.
The servers do not look you in the eye when they are talking to you or taking your order.
They most likely won't be checking up on you.
HOWEVER...you will get your food within 5-10 minutes...which is nice.
If you're looking for authentic Vietnamese food, seek Pho Annie!

Tell me why I've never heard of "Pho Sate" until I came here?!
I came in the other day expecting to order my usual rare steak pho but was wanting to try something new.
I told the waitress (who I'm pretty sure was Annie herself) that I like the broth of bun bo hue but not all that crap in it.
She quickly suggested the special, Pho Sate, and oh man .. it was life changing!
A delicious spicy and sour beef broth with pho noodles and flank.
All these years of sirracha drenched pho .. only wish I knew about it sooner.
The spot is nice a clean, and the staff is usually friendly and attentive.
I've tried their appetizers and rice plates as well.
Good food all around!

I ordered the Pho Tai it was delicious!
Some of the best I've ever had!
Near my house so it wasn't a far drive.
I will definitely be bringing my family here!

Located on the SW side of town, on Rainbow, near Windmill.
Not really a place you'd go to normally unless you live in the area.
Small little restaurant, owned by Vietnamese-Chinese owners.
Was told this place was decent, as was also told that their portions are the "largest" in the city.
Came here for lunch on a saturday afternoon.
Friend was there waiting already but after i arrived, waiter came up and took our order.
Didn't take too long for the food to come out.
She had ordered a rare beef & tendon pho (#18?
) and i ordered the combination pho (#12?
)  Combination pho - $7.99?
- various types of sliced beef, two slivers of beef balls (yeah slivers.. imagine a beef ball... and cut into.... 1/8th's...), and a piece of tendon.
Meat and noodle amount wasn't bad.
To me, seemed a LITTLE more than the usual from like Pho Saigon 8 or Pho So 1, but those two definitely didn't have meat balls in their combination pho's.
The broth, not exactly msg free.
Reason i say that is, if it was a real made broth, you usually dont feel like you have phlegm in your throat, causing you to do the *eh-hem* kind things to "clear" it.
Wasn't a soup i'd drink completely like some other places.
Rare beef & Tendon Pho - $6.99?
- this wasn't my order but from what my friend said, she didn't get that many pieces of tendon (disappointing for her since she loves eating tendon).
And to her, it didn't seem like much of a size difference compared to other places.
NOTE - minimum credit card charge is $10.
Overall, not a bad place, if you are in the area.
I'd probably pick this place over the other place down the street (Jenni Pho)

FINALLY found a pho place near me so that I don't have to drive down to Chinatown.
I came in with my bf for lunch on a Saturday and the place was packed.
First thing I noticed was that all the customers were regulars (good sign!).
This lady (assuming is Annie), went around and chatted with all the customers like they were family.
+1 to service.
I ordered the pho dac biet and the bf ordered the beef noodle soup.
I really enjoyed the broth for mine but as Andrew C. mentioned, it was probably laced with msg.
My inner Chinese could just tell but thankfully I'm used to msg.
The amount of noodle was good however it was lacking in some of the meat and tripe.
I really like tripe =( and there was literally 1 beef ball... it was cut in half.
Not a very tasty beef ball might I add.
We also ordered a side of fried egg rolls.
They were fried well however I didn't like the filling.. the bf however loved it.
So if you're ever in the area and want pho or if you're just deciding between Jennipho or Pho Annie, ALWAYS PICK PHO ANNIE.

Came here on a visit to my sisters' and this was the closest pho place.
Too bad I'm on a vegetarian stint so I couldn't try their pho.
But we had their hu tieu Xao Chay which was really interesting!
Their noodles were fried and cut into slices and the veggies were on the bottom which you ate together.
This might not be on the menu but you can still ask them!
The portion size was huge and I shared with my sister and we both got full.
We also got some yummy fresh fruit drinks.
My sister got the fresh coconut juice that came in a coconut and I got their lycée drink.
Both were refreshing!
The service was nice as well.

Intimate spot for pho.
Selection of Thai food and pho soups.
The service is typical for pho places I have to say, but better than Chinese spots.
Just sayin!
The pork chop with broken rice and egg is a must if your not in the mood for soup.

We enjoy a good pho place..!
Typically these places are not that nice (aesthetically), but don't let that be the judge of the food.
This place, however, was really nice place.
The service came sincerely, food was great, and the price was about a $1 less than most pho places I have been too.

I love this place for lunch.
Most of their food are authenticate enough, even for a Vietnamese dude like me.

Definitely coming back.
Phantasy hair salon recommended this spot and I have to say.
It's pretty good.
Being from LA, around the SGV we are surround by the best pho in the the world!!!
So whenever I travel to other cities, states, country-- I try their pho.
I have to say Pho Annie lives up to SGV standards and is definitely the best pho in Vegas IMO.
Plus I don't have to deal with going to Vegas Chinatown.
Definitely try Pho Annie's special pho and ask for the spicy broth (if you like spice).
And you can't go wrong with the mango salad (effin good!
) and the egg wrapped fried rice!
The place is small but very clean and the service is VERY FRIENDLY!
Absolutely better service than the pho spots in LA.
lol

Fyi the spring rolls come two in an order not four they just cut it in half.
Spring rolls are very good tho.

The pho broth is delicious.
I also ordered their mackerel and chicken wings ... tasty.
The service was attentive and fast.

The best Chicken Pho I've ever had!!!!!!
The only Pho I did not have to add hoisin sauce or siracha.
Amazing without it!

Good pho in the southwest, favorite of all of them.
I wish they would remember our order when we come in.
I can't ever tell if they remember us even though we are there once a week to every other week.
But other than the typical way you are treated at a pho place the food is good and quick.
Would recommend anyone in the area to their restaurant.

Firstly let me say I wish there was a 3.5 star rating on yelp.
Because this place is def a 3.5.
Not quite a 4 but not a 3 either.
So I defaulted to 3.
I grew up eating viet food in northern cali, so id like to think I know what good viet food is.
Its starting to get pretty hot outside so Pho is out of the question,  so I decided to get some refreshing viet items.
I had the shrimp and pork spring rolls and vermicelli w grilled pork and egg roll.
Everything tasted good enough but felt as though could have been better.
For instance the spring roll had great fillings big shrimp and freshly cooked noodles and lettuce but really lacked on the pork side.
The vermicelli dish had alot of meat but had way too much vegetables for the amount of noodles I received.
id say I received 50% meat, 35% veggies, and 15% noodles.
The flavor of the meat was great, very tender not much fat *which is nice bec most of the time thit nuong is fatty* , most of this i could get past buuuuut the nuoc mam (fish sauce) that came with it was pretty bad.
It was really sour, too sour, seemed like they needed to add more fish sauce and sugar to take the lemon bite down.
Kinda killed the whole dish for me, as that is a staple thing in Bun.
Hence why I leaned towards a 3 versus a 4.
I think that it would be a great alternative to Chinatown for the southwest folks like myself, if they had a couple little tweaks.
That being said having been to ALL the other Pho places in the southwest, Annie's the clear winner.
Ill definitely be back to try their pho, but probably wont get any dish that requires nuoc mam.

Awesome place.
Usually a return customer of the very popular Pho Kim Long, due to convenience.
However Pho Annie is small but family owned, fresher and with better customer service.
(not amazing but compared to Pho Kims usual carelessness is an A+)   Tried their chicken pho, meat tasted fresh and broth was definitely on point.
IMO if the broth isn't just right, I'm not a fan.
Would definitely come back.
Prices are also average and not high at all, typically pay 7 to 8 bucks for a bowl of pho

Since I am the duke here I should at least give a decent review.
I'm telling you guys right now when it comes to pho I am a super pho eater ive tried it all in Vegas.
Their broth here is the best and that's what matters when I eat this.
Don't be scared though to try other things because it's all good..me and the wifey have tried alot of stuff here and it's been great from egg rolls, spring rolls, chicken wings, crispy egg noodle (pan fried noodles), their grilled pork and porkchop, chow fun,beef stew, egg noodle soup,papaya salad, lemon grass chicken.you name it weve ate it..also price is so cheap for what you get as well Bring the family out for a great meal and not hurt your pocketbook im all in anyday of the week.

Best.
Vietnamese.
Egg rolls.
Ever!!!!
Vietnamese egg rolls are my favorite things and I've tried many!!
These were perfectly crisp on the outside, with the filling perfectly flavored.
I ordered take-out and they were still perfect 20 minutes later!!
I highly recommend this restaurant!

I picked up pho here on my way home yesterday.
I called ahead and the guy on the phone was nice enough and got my order on the first try, which is rare for phone orders with the language barrier.
LOL.
He said it would be ready in 5 minutes and luckily I was just 5 minutes away.
They were a bit skimpy on the meat and tendon, but DAMN that is one good bowl of pho.
I ALWAYS have to drench my broth in fish sauce, but I didn't have any on hand and realized I had forgotten to ask for a side.
But thankfully the broth was perfect just the way it came, and I only needed to add some sriracha.
I daresay this is the best bowl of pho I've ever had.
I will be coming back to dine in and check out this horrible service I keep hearing about...Hopefully it's just a myth from some picky yelpers.
;) oh yeah, and other food items!

Delicious.
This place has authentic cuisine.
I love it :) their bun reive is their down side.
But the rice plates are huge portions and the pho satay is really good.

Service was horrible here because they only had two waitresses.
They took orders, bussed the tables, I mean do they cook too.
Hire more people.
The service was like drive through service.
Also they took a long time to come take our order.
Food was really good.
If service was better, 5 stars.

It wasn't great but it wasn't bad either.
After reading the yelp reviews for this place, I decided to stop in since I'd been craving Pho lately.
Walking in the place was small and I was seated immediately.
They didn't seem to have an extensive menu but then again, you don't always need that.
I ordered the Seafood Pho and it came in a fairly quick time.
I ate it all but it didn't blow me away.
The broth seemed fairly boring and not terribly flavorful but then again not bad.
I'm going to have to give this place another chance but I'm surprised at all the rave reviews.
Maybe it was just an off day.

Service was great!
She even gave us complimentary Thai iced teas- 4 of them!
My family and I have been here twice..
In one week!!
The egg rolls are delicious.
My three year old devours them!
I recommend the seafood pho, shrimp pho and the seafood pan fried crispy noodles with gravy.
We just moved here from Cali and we are pho fanatics!
Thank goodness we found a spot the whole family likes!

The food was delicious.
I came with my boyfriend (so party for 2) & you really should know this place is not comfortable for a party over 6.
Such small spacing but the food made a little up for it.
I ordered the bf chow fun and egg rolls.
But the spring rolls are soo much better both coming with 4.
The timing was perfect but the food was a bit greasy.
I also ordered the coffee with condensed milk and it was terrible!
Too strong for my liking.
But the lady there made me a thai tea in place of the coffee and it was Delish.
Def enjoyed my self and I would recommend for anyone to try!

