Great service, Great prices!
I'd highly recommend these guys.
Rusty has serviced my doors for years and we've always been very pleased.
Both our commercial and residential locations.

Awesome Company!!
Roderick and Rusty are both exceptional, honest and hard working guys!
This is without a question, my Garage Door Company of choice and I refer all my family/friends to them!

We have a home that was built in 89 and starting to really see time taking its toll on the house with needed repairs and replacing appliances in general including the Garage Door.
Wednesday Aug 21st, our garage door spring broke.
We called Triple B Garage doors because we like to support local small business and have run into Rusty and his family shopping in a local neighborhood grocery store in the past and got to know him better.
We felt from our coversations Rusty and Roderick to be down to earth and trustworthy people.
Rusty and his son came to our home promptly Thursday morning Aug 22 and fixed our spring.
He oiled our rollers and gave his recommendations for other areas of concern he found while fixing our spring.
He didn't pressure us or try to have us pay for services we didn't need.
We are Very impressed and Happy with Triple B Garage Doors service and expertise.
I am excited to Tell Everyone and Recommend this company!

If you want your garage door installed and maintained right, call triple B.  I have never met anyone as knowledgeable about garage doors as these guys... wow.
They know what they're talking about and they're good at what they do.

These guys know what the heck they are doing.
Not only are they very knowledgable, they are very affordable.
They are a family owned and oersted business, and really care about their customers.
Should you ever have any garage door needs, call Triple B Garage Doors.

I was referred to Rusty and Roderic from a friend.
They are not only extremely quick, but incredibly reasonable.
I had to repeat the quote to make sure I had it correctly.
Love the family business.
I would recommend these guys to anyone in a heart beat!

Terrific customer service, this small family owned business is a pleasure to deal with.
They quickly responded to my needs, same day service and honest fair pricing.
I'll happily recommend them to friends and family.
Thanks triple B.

Great job.
I hired Triple B to install garage door insulation panels and I couldn't be happier.
They were honest, timely and professional.

This is a company I would do business with forever.
It's family owned, with 20+ years of local experience.
Rusty and Roderick Burton bring 110% to their business every day with expert installation, great pricing and an ethical approach to everything they do.
Once you have the pleasure of working with the Burton's you too will be a life long fan.

This company installed a garage door opener for me.
They were polite, reliable and reasonably priced.
I would refer them to anyone needing this type of service.

Rusty was back again today to make a simple repair / adjustment to our side gate and our kitchen entryway threshold that had been an issue for over a year!
Honest, reliable and always affordable.
Not just your usual "garage door" guy!
A true jack of all trades!

I filled out an on-line request for service on Easter Sunday and got a call back within about 30 minutes!
And, they were willing to come out that day if needed.
It was not emergent, so they came out the following day.
I had new springs within less than an hour and they were VERY reasonable.
I would highly recommend them!

Honest, Ethical and Experienced!
Great Service and Price.
Came out the same day I called and got the job done right.
They even looked at and improved my second garage door for free while they were out there.

