True European excellence!
Treat yourself to this exquisite service you won't be disappointed.

Milunka is great at her craft !
I had my first facial with her and she's amazing.
She did extractions, which I needed and now my skin feels fantastic !

Milunka is one of the best finds ever in Las Vegas.
She does my facials and makes my skin look and feel baby smooth.
I have taken out of town guests who can't wait to come back and see her again.
Better than any expensive Spa on the strip.
I have also come to rely upon her for hair removal.
I feel so pampered and smooth when I leave.
She is quick, efficient and way less painful than any other esthetician I have experienced.
I have less and finer hair in all the right places because of this talented lady.

Milunka has been waxing my legs for almost 10 years now and does a brilliant job every time.
She uses a roll-on wax solution which seems to be extremely efficient with no mess.
She is extremely professional yet provides warm, friendly company during your visit.
I will most certainly continue to be her client for as long as I'm a Vegas resident.

I've been going to Milunka since my pimple face brace days (10 years+) and wouldn't trust my skin or eyebrows to anyone else but her.
Her expertise in her field is one of a kind.
She uses the best in skin care lines leaning more towards the all natural and chemical free approach, and can always recommend exactly what you need to keep your skin vibrant and beautiful.
She helped heal and treat my acne and I can't say enough about how wonderful and professional she is.
Definitely the best European aesthetician in Las Vegas.

I have been following Milunka for over 10 years and she is the best by far.
She is very professional, uses superior products and takes her business serious.
She doesn't rush you out and makes sure you are completely happy.
Milunka is a perfectionist in everything she does.
She makes you feel so welcome and listens to your concerns.
I have been to others before her and no one does the extraction or quality of work like hers.
My daughters (they are 13 and 18 years old) also have been going to her facials and waxing services.
They look forward to their visit to her and I know they are in good hands.

I found Milunka via Yelp reviews and she and her work lived up to her reputation!
I have been with the same aesthetician for 8+ years, and in the last few years I stuck with her out of loyalty (even tho her work/service was beginning to decline), but honestly I did not know where I was going to go for a "true" facial.
With the help of Yelp, I found Milunka!
She knows what she is doing-good products, great cleansing with extractions!
I've been getting facials from European trained aestheticians since my early twenties-I started caring for my skin early, and I am reaping the benefits now-and it's never too late (or early) to start.
She is located in salon on Durango between Twain and Spring Mountain-$85.
Go see her.

Milunka is amazing.
I found her on yelp, called her, and went in the same day.
She is no nonsense about skin care and does a wonderful European facial.
The service lasted around two hours.
She takes her time and is very diligent.
She picked out product to meet my needs.
I tell everyone about her.
So happy I have found her.
Plus, she is a delightful person to top it off.
You won't be disappointed, book now!

I have had a really busy and emotionally draining month.
I decided to treat myself because I am exhausted.
I am now painlessly hairless.
The European facial was so relaxing my systolic BP went down 30 points.
Every one of the fine lines on my upper lip have disappeared!!!
I don't even want to purse my lips.
A different face was looking back at me from the rear view mirror.
Every visit to Milunka is a visit to the spa.

I went to get a facial with Milunka, at Faces by Beba and I am very glad that I stumbled into this salon that is stuck in a corner off Durango.
Milunka is awesome !
She had me relaxed in no time at all, which is exactly what I needed !!
Not only was I relaxed and feeling great after I left.. My face was in the best shape that it has been in a minute.
I am going to start making this a regular thing that I do to pamper myself a little bit.

omg Milunka has the hands of god.
She has the perfect touch.
Its like it comes natural to her.
U will not be disappointed.
Thanks Milunka!

Weddings, graduations moving my family and and my parents I needed a relaxing facial.
I was in paradise after seeing Milunka!
The service is amazing and I promise you will be happy you decided to see her!
I can't wait for the next visit:) Thank you milunka!

Absolutely loved Milunka!
I came here for a facial and when I saw her I thought she had the nicest, glowing skin I've ever seen.
That was a great sign--getting my face tuned by someone who knows how to take care of her own skin!
LoL.
I got a European Facial & a eyebrow wax, and Milunka took her time and was very considerate.
I absolutely love the way she shaped my brows.
I don't know what she did but they came out fuller looking and perfectly shaped the way I've never seen it.
I'm definitely going back!

I haven't had a facial in a long time, since I moved here so I was looking for a place where I can get a facial.
When it comes to my skin, I want to make sure I go to a real expert.
Then I saw Faces by Beba.
I read the reviews which sounded very convincing so I immediately made the appointment.
Milunka, you are amazing!
I am so glad I found you.
You are the best!
I will definitely recommend you to my friends.
Thank you so much!

I absolutely love this woman!
I have had a history with bad skin and was desperate for results.
My friend recommended Milunka, and I could not be happier.
She takes the time to do extensive extractions and finishes with waxing my eyebrows to perfection.
She carries great products too!
If you're looking for someone who is fantastic with skin and treats you like family, this is your woman.
I don't think you can find anyone better.
Period.

Amazing, amazing, amazing!
there is a reason behind the reviews.
She is a trained nurse and her background is something to be valued.
She is clean , meticulous, knowledgeable, and CARING.
Now that last one may not seem important but she cares how much your image is attached to your skin and she even encouraged me to call day or night with questions or concerns.
You will be put at ease the second she comes out to greet you.
I felt literally rescued as she hugged and kissed me goodbye, she is that sweet; because the moment I moved to Vegas my skin turned against me.
I was the girl who never had a pimple in her life but the Vegas weather freaked my skin (and me) out!
But I did what everyone else does in that situation..I yelped.
And I will forever be glad I found Milunka!
Trust me its everything you've been looking for.

I hadn't gotten a facial in so long and I just moved to Vegas 2 years ago.
I came across faces by Beba and Milunka had great reviews.
I decided to try it out and I am very glad that I did!
Milunka did an amazing job!!!
I realized that the facials I had gotten over the years were not real facials.
She was kind and educated me on my skin and took her time.
I didn't feel judged and felt that I was in good hands.
She was very patient with me, sweet and has amazing skin herself.
I was so impressed by how great her skin looks.
I definitely plan on going back.
In fact, I already booked my next appointment.
I am recommending her to everyone that I know!!!
Thank you Milunka!

Milunka is amazing!!!!!
So knowledgable and has the hands of a goddess!
She definitely knows her stuff and knows how to treat her clients!
Amazing!

It was my first time getting a facial with Milunka and it was so awesome.
It has been by far one of the most thorough facials I've gotten.
She takes her time to extract absolutely everything, she uses organic quality products and she takes the time to educate and answer any questions.
She doesn't rush like many other estheticians do.
On top of that, she offered to do my eyebrows, lips, and nose so I accepted.
Thank God she did!
She shaped my eyebrows beautifully.
I'm going to her for that from now on.
She's also very clean and not sloppy with the wax at all.
I really recommend her.
I am now taking my to see her boyfriend for his usual waxing as well.

Milunka is great!
I never really write yelp reviews but I decided to write one for her because she really takes her time to make sure your face is clean and thoroughly taken care of.
Her facials are great because she does extractions, which is probably the most important thing about getting a facial done!
I've gone to her twice and will definitely be going back again!

This woman changed my life!
She is so good at what she does.
She cleared up my skin completely.
I wish I lived in Vegas cause I would see her every month.
Next time I'm in town I'm coming her way.
Love this place!

Been going to Milunka for my facials.
I can def attribute my clearer complexion because of her services and products.
Extractions def hurt but someones gotta do them!
If you need a break just let her know and she gives you time to recollect yourself lol.
I've been using her face wash and face moisturizer and they've worked great on my sensitive skin.
Products are kinda expensive though!

This was definitely one of the best facials I have ever had.
My mom and I came in on the same day and both had facials and brow waxes.
It is definitely more about healthy skin than an aromatherapy journey with water fountains bubbling in the background kind of spa treatment.
I wish I could visit once a month.
We will definitely come in whenever we are in Vegas.
Totally worth the trip off the strip.
Very sweet woman with excellent skills.
My skin looks and feels great!
Thanks again!
Look forward to seeing you soon!!
Carly

My boyfriend and I went to Milunka today for a facial and I couldn't be any happier with our skin!
First of all, she is just awesome.
The nicest, sweetest woman ever.
She really cares about people and takes the time to talk to you.
She is actually pretty gentle compared to the other person who does my facials in Houston.
I don't use anything with chemicals, herbs or essential oils on my skin and I brought my own product for her to use on me.
She didn't try to talk me into using something else like most people do, and used my stuff without any issues!
I loved my experience and I know my boyfriend and I will be clients of hers for good!

Very happy with the services provided.
Milunka is very professional, pleasant, and skilled at what she does.

Milunka is a true expert facialist.
Her method of opening the pores for extractions is the very best.
She is gentle with my skin, yet really knows how to get deep into clogged pores to extract what's needed!
My acne is clearing up!
And she is very sweet as well :) Very pleasant experience.
Thank you Milunka!

