Do not use this company.
The plumbing was completed with numerous mistakes.
Our bathroom was sprayed with water at least three times.
The owner attempted to fix one plumbing issue himself and when water started spraying everywhere he threatened me to be quiet.
There is no professional etiquette or remorse displayed by the owner and his sub contractor.
Every step of the way with the plumbing issues the plumber attempted to blame us.
Beware of contracting with this company.

Hi Jason, Let me start by saying every time I go outside I smile & think of you!
I couldn't possibly be any happier with our beautiful patio!
Thank you so much !
We have ex-next door neighbors, Ed & Trish .
We've given them your name & numbers because they're looking to have some patio work done.
They live in Desert Harbor.
She said they want to get some bids but they also like quality work.
Between you & me, they've hired some 'not so quality' guys in the past & been burned.
Anyway, they have several jobs they want done but not sure how many they can afford to have done now & how many they'll do later.
(Just a few things she told me.
) Anyway, hope it's a win for you both.
Hugs, Edna

They did work for us last year.
It was a bathroom remodel.
Jason falsely promises the world during bid time, but has to know there is no way to deliver.
He promised a 3 week turn around, but it ended up being closer to 8 weeks.
They sent one guy out to do the majority of the work.
He showed up late every day, and then was unhappy that we had him leave by 5:30p every day.
We were still living in the house and had given them working hours of 8:30a - 5:30p.
It was not uncommon for the one guy to show up around noon or later.
To this day, we still have issues with the work that was done.
The plumbing fixtures are not properly secured.
The drywall is cracking in places.
The caulk lines do not properly seal in all areas.
There are only two things I can say in a positive light for this company.
They did have a good price, and the flooring was done very well.
If you are having anything more than flooring done, I would highly suggest that you stay away from this company.

I would definitely recommend this company

Terrible!
Do not use this company.
Our travertine was installed improperly, our grout disintegrated within months, and the stones are uneven leaving sharp edges that can cut your feet.
They hire the cheapest labor and you are left with the result.
It took months of phone calls and letters to finally get them to come out and address the grout issues.
They are very rude and unprofessional.
Don't let their showroom fool you, what you see is not what you get.
You will be very disappointed.

