Ben offered same day service and was able to fix my tv at my house.
Very happy and the price was very reasonable!

Recently I was having a problem with no sound on one of my Televisions.
I called the first five places and they wanted between $75.00 to $130.00 just to come to the house to diagnose the issue plus the cost of repairs.
I Called Ben's TV service and Ben himself told me he never charges to come to the house to diagnose the issue and once the issue is diagnosed he would give you estimate of the repair cost.
When I told him my issue, he asked if it was connected to a cable box and what type of connection was used.
When I told him it was an HDMI connection, he suggested before I had him come to look at the TV I should just unplug the power to the cable box for a few minutes and see if this solved the issue.
This did solve my problem.
Ben could have been like many of the other companies and charged me to come look at the TV and pretend to do some type of repair, but Ben is a totally honest business man who charges a fair price and tells the truth.
I believe this is a rare quality and he should be rewarded for his honesty.
This is why I am highly recommending Ben's TV Repair for your TV repair needs in the future.
Please reward Ben for conducting his business in such a forthright honest manner and please recommend him to your friends, family, and co-workers

Ben's mobile service was not only on time he did the job quickly and his price was reasonable.
I highly recommend him.
A. Baker

One word RUDE !!!
i called ben and asked if i could get a replacement bulb for my t.v and he said ok no problem , I said perfect i need to buy it ,when can i come by and pick it up and how much?
,he said no he has to install it and its gonna cost  200 bucks ..... i said i can change it ,i already pulled it out it was 2 screws and it was 1 min of my time,the bulb is only 70 bucks ,he flipped out and said ,then go on the internet and buy it stop wasting my time ....WOW !!!
!...i hung up .....NEXT !!

Ben answers his own phone, came over within an hour of me calling and came and gave me an in home quite.
He picked up my tv and had it done in three days great price and delivered it back!!
Thanks!

Fast and effective.
My TV made a popping noise and the pic went out.
Called Ben.
He asked a few basic questions over the phone and determined it was the lamp.
Asked me for the model #, said he had the lamp there.
Cost = $200.
Basically $100 for the lamp (roughly) and $100 for him.
Makes sense.
He came over the same day (roughly 4 hours later) and it was a holiday!
That to me is impressive.
He was here all of about 10 minutes, very fast and very effective.
He also showed how to mount a different TV in the home free of charge as opposed to paying someone to come out and do it.
I would use him again!

