Love this shop, right next to my house, I do my pull at this shop, it's clean, large, bright and organized.
Lately they have been selling out of titles because more people are realizing where the new store is, but that just means I have to increase my pull!
Everyone is friendly and helpful, which is not the case in some shops in Vegas!

This store is clean, smells great, and has a very friendly staff.
I just recently started playing magic and come here to buy boosters at 20% off....which is AWESOME.

I had such a great experience here.
I came in looking for a gift for my grandchildren, and the staff was so helpful.
I came in with no knowledge and left with perfect gifts that everybody enjoyed.
Chaz and Alex were awesome!

The coolest little place ever for all my Spidey needs.
The people that work here are super nice, even when I come skipping in like a moron and putting my grubby little fingers all over everything.
I have selective reading skills so if I can't seem to find a title that's right in front of me, they politely pick it out for me!
So neat!
This place doesn't seem to get that busy, but I hope it sticks around.
It's one of the best comic book stores I've been to and even if they don't have something you want, they offer to order it for you.
I FEEL SO LOVED!

Nifty little joint.
Until I got cornered by three ultra nerds.
Nevertheless, all is forgiven, I enjoy the shop.

First, I'm tired of all the comic book stores that I can't take my kids to.
This place is very open and clean.
The staff is very friendly.
Most comic book stores don't have time for me if I'm not a regular.
You want me to be a regular?
Then treat people like they live there.
I didn't buy a thing the first time I went there.
The staff didn't care about that.
They acted liked their job was to service the customer.... what a concept.
Free comic book day was awesome!
Kids can't wait to come back and spend their money.

Clean, colorful, friendly, but a little sterile, or maybe plastic is more the word.
No don't get me wrong, I dig the 8 foot Hulk statue at the door.
I appreciate how clean it is and how well laid out.
And I definitely like the employees I met.
It's just that it seems too fastidious, almost too Big Box in flavor though.. Also, I'm a comic fan from waaaaaaay back, so I'm in it for the books, not the ambiance.
But on the positive side, the place is a feast for the eyes.
It is roomy and they have a decent selection of shirts, posters, and statues.
They even have Marvel bow ties, fer crissakes!
And a newer fan can probably spend oodles of money here.
The prices are what you would expect, high for us old guys, and retail for the newer fan with more hero-expendable income.
On a side note, a coworker gave the nod to this place and on this I gave it a go.
He was brandishing a Tee shirt that was hero in idea, if not his form.
I see many a rounder fellow sporting these hero shirts nowadays.
Lastly, not much by way of older material.
As is the fate of most shops these days.
So this place is geeky hip in a comic shop franchise format.
Damn, like the full sized Batman statue as well.
Wonder if Santa can fit it in my stocking?

Very nice shop.
I love that they also stock games, figures, prints, and other collectibles other than just comic books as I do like to dabble in games and do collect certain genres of prints and figurines.
The staff is friendly, the store is clean, neat, and organized...
I have a friend that LOVES Batman and finding a gift is SO easy here thanks to their organization.

I LOVE THE HULK STATUE!
It's the first most amazing thing you'll see when you step foot into the store.
There's a huge selection of comics, toys & other merchandise.
Service is good and it's conveniently located to my house but I wish they had enough stock of the posters I wanted.

The 3rd Maximum Comics in the valley is so sweet, it makes me want to road trip across town to visit the first two!
I popped in today to get my "Chew" fix and will definitely be back.
I dig the Hulk statue, as other reviewers noted, but the rest of the décor is equally inviting and exciting.
The layout of the store is really intuitive, with new issues wrapped around the outside of the store and anthologies, toys, stickers, stuffed animals and other sweet comic book swag in the center.
It wasn't very busy today but Maximum Comics seems to be welcoming in fans of all types with various special events and signings.
I hope they're in the process of building a serious fan base.

I'm a huge fan of Maximum Comics.
I come here for both my Heroclix and DC/Marvel comic book needs.
All tabletop game products are usually 20% off, which is really awesome!
The staff is always friendly and helpful, and the comic selection is very broad and organized.
If you like their Facebook page, you can catch up on all of their weekly deals.
This is definitely a great store for comic fanatics of all ages.

I am really glad they opened this store, its huge in comparison to some other comic shops in the valley.
The staff are super friendly and always willing to help you out or even if its just to talk about comics and movies.
I really enjoyed their 80s night, won a box of retro lucky charms for knowing my care bears, lol.
It was a good time and they are always hosting some sort of movie night which is great because who wants to sleep in this 24hour city?

My kids and I absolutely love this store!
We stop in pretty much weekly just to look around even if we don't buy anything!
But most times end up leaving with at least a little something!
Staff is great, always helpful and friendly.
Atmosphere is rad too!
All around great little comic book spot!

Maximum Comics is the comics store I frequent locally the most.
It is also the newest location for them in town, luckily it's near me!
Life-size Hulk statue?
Check.
Airy, bright atmosphere?
Check.
Checkerboard tiling?
Check.
Scentsy smelling bathroom?
Check.
Comics and all things nerdy?
Check!
Gone are the days of comic book stores that look like your Mom's crowded basement with a 40-year-old virgin living in it.
By the way, I do appreciate those types of stores (focus is on the books - man) but sometimes you wanna liven it up!
Go somewhere warm!
Better yet, bring your kids so you can teach them how you really learned to read!
Yes, I learned more vocabulary from my busted up copy of Iron Fist #14 (the first appearance of Sabretooth) than I did from a week of school!
Psst...Marvel...by the way...you NEED to make Iron Fist a damn big @$$ blockbuster film.
Add Michael Jai White or Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson as Luke Cage and you'll be golden.
Maximum Comics has everything you need to fill that comic itch you want to scratch.
Everything is laid out easily for browsing in neat, tidy sections.
Did I mention how much I love clean and organized?
Shop owner Maximum Jay knows how to keep a store runnin' tight & right.
No dingy, moldy, musky smells!
New comics section, graphic novels, back issue drawers, statue cases, and stacks & stacks of wonderful toys!
Need the latest issue of Walking Dead?
Got it.
How about the 1 in 100 black & white sketch variant?
Got it.
A signed copy of Guardians of the Galaxy by Brian Michael Bendis?
Got it.
Limited edition of the Nightwing one-shot?
Got it.
Marvel Universe figures?
Got it.
Walking Dead's Daryl with motorcycle action figure?
Got it.
Uber cool prints by Ninjabot?
Got them too!
Even if I go on the interweb (honoring you IT Crowd lovers there) to get majority of my comics for competitive pricing, I always stop by Maximum Comics first to check them out.
Sometimes you just want a comic or toy NOW instead of waiting for shipping.
If you want a free pull box for your monthly favorite issues, Maximum Comics has that too!
I can't afford a bunch of them monthly anymore, but I do indulge in a pull box of all the latest from the Walking Dead.
I can pick up my issues at my convenience, not worry that there won't be a copy for me, each book comes with bag & board, and all for the same low price!
Can't get much better than that.
Crew at Maximum Comics is on point as well.
Friendly, definitely knowledgeable, and geeked out on all the latest in comic book and graphic novel trends.
I do notice though that they do need a person with more toy experience...hmm...you guys got an opening part-time?
Eh?
My services in Star Wars, Marvel Universe, and Walking Dead toys know no bounds.
Recently visited on the last Free Comic Book Day, and it was a madhouse!
Line out the door, Jango Fett, Donatello, and a Stormtrooper running everywhere.
I think I saw Spiderman somewhere in there too.
What a day of fun for the whole family!
Only thing that disappoints me about Maximum Comics is that they limit their free stuff to only 5 items.
Only 5!
But I do get that they have a lot of folks to serve.
Free is free!
Maximum Comics = Maximum delivery!
I shall return!
Even if only to take a pic with my buddy life-size Hulk.

The Hulk statue when you first walk in is definitely awesome, quite the site to see.
But I wouldn't say the staff is as friendly as everybody is making them out to be...
It seems when their "quota" is short for the day, they do get kind of pushy with sales.
They throw the cliche sales lines that all sales people say, and it was my first time going there when I was being almost forced to buy stuff.
They make you feel bad if you dont.
I don't know why people are saying this place is cheap either... lol there was something i've seen at a different store for 12 bucks, that they were selling for about 50.
So....yea.
I consider this place a rip off.
Me and my friends went together and didn't like our experience there what so ever.
Won't be back.
Nope nope nope!

