The Lee's on my way home is finally open!
Not that I've been waiting for it to open.
In fact, I completely forgot about it until I saw the "Now Open" sign on the corner of Blue Diamond and Decatur.
But it's nice to have options.
Simply because this Lee's is directly on my route home from work (right side of the road and everything), it automatically gets four stars.
It would be premature to give it five, but it seems to have everything you might need.
The interior is fairly spacious; not gigantic, but certainly bigger than the tiny one that I frequent near Warm Springs and Durango.
I usually go straight for the beer section.
Toward the back, you'll find the fridge wall with a good selection of x-packs.
The refrigerated 22oz bottle section is tiny at the moment.
But fear not.
There is a nice selection of 22s along one aisle on the right.
p.s.
Grand Opening is on Saturday, October 27 from 9-11am.
p.p.s.
FTR!

Finally one near the crib!!!
Free drinks were provided during the grand opening and a raffle was done free of charge.
I enjoy getting a little tipsy, but enjoy exploring new craft beers, whiskies and scotches even more.
I would like to say I am a connosieur in that sense, but far from it...maybe I just have a unique pallet amongst my social circle.
Irregardless, the free tastings offered by Lee's were vast and many.
We ended up taking home well over $100 worth of liquor, namely a handle of Maker's Mark, Glenfiddich 15, Griffin's Bow, Hoegaarden, Guiness Black Lager (First Time) some cucumber flavored vodka concoction the fiancee' requested.
Of course, I plan to return to re-up on some new flavors of the month, but for right now, Im a get my Oktoberfest on and stick to the beer.
This place is a God send considering the next closest thing is the Albertson's nearby, which I must say, was upped their game quite a bit.
Pretty sure I was able to kop some Guldendraak and Delerium Tremens there last month.
What more else can I say, you will either love this place or...you are loyal to Total Wine, or...you don't care so much for alcohol.
One last thing, be sure to get a card to get rewards (System bugging at Blue Diamond), jump on the blast email list for upcoming tastings and be on the look out for new goodies and sales.
Cheers!

Small, convenient store for liquor.
You're probably not going to find that specialty item you may be looking for but for your everyday beer and liquor stock, this place is a good bet.
Like all Lee's, the prices are good.
Staff is friendly.
Parking lot is small and gets full at busy times of day, so plan accordingly.

Well, I know this review is a little on the late side, but here we go.
Since it opened a few months ago.. it's now my go to place.
Thankfully I no longer have to drive a good distance to get my stock refilled.
With it being just right down the street from the house makes it really convenient!!
:) Although, it's not as big as the other places, it still has what I'm looking for, plus the staff is pretty helpful.
Now, if I can only get them to carry "Spicebox" whisky!
:-)

This place is amazing!
and more so being so close to my house.
Being used to doing my booze shopping at "Beverages and More" in Cali I was shocked that LV didn't have the chain, everyone recommended Lee's which was just as good.
I took off a star because Bevmo has a club card where Lee's does not...(that I know of) not sure if that's a good thing or bad thing...besides that I thought the place was awesome!

This place confuses the hell out of me.
It's a Lee's; but it's a little Lee's.
It's a bit bigger than a standard liquor store but that's it.
Also, and here's the stunner: the service is really good.
Yes, excellent service at a Lee's.
I've been like seven times and several people always offer for assistance.
I don't even know what to think.
Does Mr. Lee know that these people work for him?
Someone should tell them to leave as he has a reputation to protect.
The beer aisle is like other Lee's: thoroughly mediocre.
Khoury's has significantly better choices with 1/5th the space, and Whole Foods beats them in quantity AND quality (definitely not price though).
A huge selection of other booze and there is some of that wine stuff that people still overpay for.
It is worth saying that if you are used to small town/midwestern liquor stores this selection will hit you as legendary, but it's nothing compared to Lake Mead/Flamingo/Henderson.
Weird as hell.

Nice and friendly staff all the time.
I visit the place once in a while and they always have more than you could ask for.
Not the biggest Lee's but pretty well stocked, nice, clean and new.
Last time I tried the french absinthe N1 can't beat the ~$40 price on it.
Looks like the real thing it has kind of caramelly color to it, as soon as you add the water it turns into milky refreshing goodness.
I use naturally carbonated mineral water from Romania to dilute it, it tastes even better than the classic (water over sugar) recipe.

Lee's is always great.
This one in particular is on the way to the home me of a friend who I always drink with.
The selection at this location blew my mind away.
I love having to make the difficult choice of what yummy, well priced and sometimes exclusive beer I will buy.
One this day, I got a bunch of 6 packs to satisfy my thirst for variety.
The prices may be a bit high that a grocery store, but that is a small price to pay for the great selection, no wait at the counter and no kids disrupting you shopping.
Skip Wal-Mart and Smiths for booze stop.
Lee's is the way to go!

I'm so glad there is one closer in my neighborhood.
When they had a grand opening, they went all out and let us sample all kinds of beers and liquor.
This is probably Jesse N.'s favorite store.
He only shops for shoes and liquor, LOL.
Best place to pick up your favorite adult beverages!
I wish I could tell you in detail what they have to offer, but I'm not to much of an enthusiast to tell you the details.
I can however tell you that the staff is friendly and helpful.
They go out of their way to try and find that Beer you saw in Draft magazine, or the wine you tasted at the restaurant, and they make recommendations of their own too.

Lee's Liquor will give you the right ingredients to make it a drunken haze of an evening....or day if you're into day drinking, and all at a great price!

Lee's is always the place to go for cheap liquor!

"Just the Facts, Sir.
Just the Facts"  Fact: I drive a Crown Vic LX with leather interior.
Fact: I also drive a Highly Modified GT500.
Fact: BOTH are total panty dropping magnets(along with the rug on my chest and brain in my head).
Fact: Driving the Crown Vic LX with leather interior makes people think I'm a cop.
Fact: Driving the Highly Modified GT500 makes people think I'm immature.
Fact: BOTH of those ^ really are facts, and, sadly, very true.
:( Fact: A little while ago I wanted booze.
Fact: I didn't have none at home, yo.
Fact: So I go out to the garage and can't decide.
Crown Vic or GT500?
Fact: Lee's Liquor is only 2 miles from home.
Fact: The Crown Vic will get me there without hassle.
Fact: The GT500 will get me there FASTER with chance of hassle.
Fact: I took the Crown Vic.
Didn't want to get pulled over with a bagful of booze.
Fact: Lee's opened a few months ago.
Fact: I love Lee's.
They alls over the city, yo.
Fact: They gots everythin'.
Even craft beer.
Fact: Prices are good and it's not a monster sized store with 800 brands of f'ing vodka.
Fact: They carry a few top shelf, a few middle and a few bottom.
Fact: They also carry flasks and cases for us travelin' alkies.
Yes!
Fact: I just got back with a bottle of 1800 silver tequila, Mr. & Mrs. T's margarita mix, and a bottle of Rose's Lime Juice.
Total: 29 bucks.
https://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/gCDnOgmGPSS7iZTDj2UAIA/l.jpg Fact: I saw an alkie there, an outlaw biker, and an Amazon brunette with two, maybe three bras on.
Fact: I am a card-carrying expert at unhooking brassieres but have patience for just one.
Fact: She looked at me with "Please-Unhook-All-of-My-Kmart-Bras" eyes but, alas, I was not in unhook mode.
Fact: I was in margarita mode.
Fact: So come to Lee's for good prices and triple bras.
Fact: You won't regret it, yo.

I love this location.
While on vacation, I've had the opportunity to come here on two separate occasions and both times the service was excellent.
This has now become my "go to" spot, whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
I had the opportunity to go to lunch, at one of my favorite restaurants, whereby I tried a new cocktail martini.
After my first sip, from a short martini glass, I thought, geez, I can make this drink myself (and get more bang for my bucks).
Immediately after finishing my meal, I called this Lee's location to see if they carried the necessary liqueur and vodka, to wit, they did.
I ran into Whole Foods, next door, to get the required organic agave nectar, while waiting for my ride to transport me to Lee's.
My first attempt at duplicating this drink wasn't successful (as I hadn't measured anything out and I had used fresh lemons rather than actual lemon juice).
After switching over to lemon juice, I've had total success {woohoo!!!!!}.
Thank you to Lee's for meeting and exceeding my expectations.
The lovely clerk Chan even remembered me when I went back for my second visit.
:-)

Love this store!
Practically have it all and it's so organized.
I could just browse for days.
The possibilities are endless.

Nothing says "I'm serious about drinking" like needing a cart at the liquor store!
Lee's is awesome!

Walked in to this location at 9:55p to which the guy behind the counter said "you got 5 minutes".
Wow- how welcoming.
On our way to the register the box of beer broke and some beer spilled on the floor.
Didn't do it on purpose but the guy hears it and says "aww shit.
" We said sorry about 5-6 times and tried to help him clean it to which he tells me, "leave it".
Then we say sorry at the register again and receive a lecture on how to hold a box of beer and that he should have charged us for it.
Thanks but no thanks, you should have just charged us and left the smart ass comment to yourself.
Unfortunately not visiting this location anymore.
If you want a smart ass comment from a big guy with a mustache, named Brett, by all means, come on by and let him treat you like crap.
Worst service at a Lee's Liquor I've EVER had after shopping there at least twice a week, every week.
I get the best service EVERYTIME from the Durango and Warm Springs location.
Just shop there.

I would rate this a 5 star if someone was around to help answer any questions.
The location is very nice and well organized.
If you don't know where anything is than you have to go to the front counter and ask.
The cashiers don't seem to know much about alcohol.
The cost is decent.
Once you got to the counter the staff was very friendly and actually hilarious!

