The first time we drove by El Taconento was on a Sunday evening and we were bummed to find out that they were closed.
On our street taco scramble this past weekend, they were opened, and they had a small group of people waiting for their orders which was also a good sign.
Run by a husband and wife team (I think) they have a nice selection-Tacos,Tortas, Quesadillas, Burritos and something no other vendor offers, Huaraches(Slippers).
They also offer six types of meat selections-Asada, Lengua, Cabeza, Pollo, Al Pastor(He has an Al Pastor Carousel inside) and Birria, another thing no other vendor offers.
Traditionally made with goat, Tacontento's version is beef, kinda sorta like picadillo(if you had Cafe Rio's Chile Roasted Beef, it is very similar to that)  So we shared a Taco de Al Pastor, Taco de Lengua,($1.50/each) and a Huarache de Birria($5) The al pastor had very good flavor with nicely charred bits, and the lengua was oh-so-soft and tenderlicious!
There's nothing like a fresh handmade tortilla, and this is the only way tacos are made here .
The Huarache is a 1/4-inch thick by 10-inch oval of masa that is griddled to perfection topped with beans, meat of your choice,shredded lettuce, crema Mexicana, and Cotija cheese.Just as good as the ones I've had in the streets of Cancun, and much tastier than the huaraches served at Los Antojos.
Wait times vary, depending on how busy they are, but if you are patient, the food served up here is definitely worth the wait.
easily becoming one of my favorite street vendors...ALOHA!!

Drove by one night to try their tacos and we also shared a Huarache.
The Lengua and Al Pastor Taco were good, but the Birria on the Huarache was very tender.
Try them out if you're in the area!

Yum!
So glad I checked Yelp (yet again) when deciding where to eat tonight.
I've seen this taco truck several times on my way home but am always sketchy about which ones are good since there are so many!
The photos on the reviews were awesome and I saw that I could call to place a to-go order.
The woman who answered spoke very clear english and explained to me what a Huaraches was.
I'm glad I decided to try it.
SOOO tasty!
I got the carne asada one and a carne asada taco.
Everything was very fresh and delish.
I can't wait for the bf to get back in town to take him there.
They're going to be getting a lot of to go orders from me!

I have to say that this place is the best in LAS VEGAS... F@#$ Tacos El Gordo and PEPEs tacos... Plus the customer service is a big plus here.
I am from San Francisco and it has been hard finding a good taqueria..
Hands down on this place..
The tacos are made with hand made tortillas.
I totally recommend this place.
We go once a week.
The owner and his wife are so sweet and remember their customers names.
Great place to get a fast service.. Their champurrado is awesome..

They Do accept Credit Cards and Debit!!
Would be 5 stars but $$$.
6/main item ie burrito, quesadilla, each dish etc.

The price is great, the customer service better, and the tacos OUT OF THIS WORLD!!
Handmade tortilla, and a tasty flavored asada.
I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants their taste buds to thank them.

