Found myself starving waiting on a flight out and this was the closest option honestly.
Not that I was overly unimpressed but it was just alright.
Given the name, as you might imagine they have different style pizzas for sale but on this day I decided to go a healthier route and picked out a salad topped with some grilled chicken.
The salad was fresh, cold and topped with a decent amount of chicken.
I'm not generally a huge fan of any airport restaurants but this one I probably would eat at again.
They are quick, the food is decent and fresh.

Tried this as it was the best option in the part of the airport we were stuck in.
Food tastes great and is a surprisingly good value.
I had to soak the grease off w/napkin, but always do this.
The salad was tasty and a good portion.
The combo is an awesome value!
They don't skimp and food is tasty.
Especially considering it's at the airport.
The biggest plus was the guy, Michael, who helped us.
His friendly demeanor and customer service was outstanding!
He knows his stuff and helped customers figure out what the best option and value was for them.
My table was near the register, so I noticed how each customer walked away seeming a little happier than they arrived.
Keep this guy around!
Wish all food service workers were as helpful and happy.

Could not find this place.
Maps got me lost on the backside of the Phoenix airport..sucks I really wanted pizza.

I ordered the Turkey Pesto Focaccia for myself and the Kids Pizza Bites for my daughter; I expected something decent for me and some small pizza snacks for my daughter.
In return I got a cold turkey, lettuce, and tomato slices on a French roll and my daughter got an adult size slice of pepperoni pizza.
I also noticed that they have my sandwich to a woman in line in front of me who declined the sandwich and then instead of disposing of the sandwich they turned around and gave it to me.
They rushed us through ordering and then made us wait 15 minutes for our food so I had no time to complain.

