Since I'm a huge fan of La Flor de Michoacan, we decided to check this new ice cream shop out after killing some time at Pet Kingdom.
We asked the gentleman behind the counter if this store was run by the same people running LFM and he said it was kind of a collaborative effort between LFM and La Bonita Market???
You would think The restaurant Lindo Michoacan was associated because it said "Lindo" instead of "La Flor"....  Anywho, I could definitely see the similarities and set up inside.
This shop looked more similar to the LFM location on the north side close to the Broadacres Event Center and Marketplace.
Clean, tables and chairs to sit at, but lacking a few things....variety and taste.
Only four types of agua frescas and none of them being Alfalfa..:( Similar flavors, but missing my favorite, Pine Nut...:(  :(  It's like if I went to In-N-Out and couldn't order a Neapolitan shake because they only had vanilla?
So I got a scoop of Mamey instead, and wifey got a Jamaica paleta which was way too tart and didn't have enough sugar to balance out the flavor, and my ice cream tasted  like it had melted and was frozen again.
We descreetly fed the garbage can and drove to the flagship location on Charleston and Mojave where we know we could get what we were looking for.
Sometimes its best to stick to your usual go-to  spots....ALOHA!

Fresh fruit smoothies with REAL fruits!
Great ice cream too!
Authentic Mexican in Vegas!

It was one of the first hot days in Vegas and somehow it was one of the rare days I was outside too.
We were burning up!
While this is affiliated by my favorite La Flor Michoacan but is a collaborative with Bonita Market, I still wanted to give it a go.
They have a selection of 6 aguas frescas and we decided to get a large mix of the alfalfa with lime cucumber, It was tangy and good together, I liked what the lime brought to the alfalfa.
I think though maybe 50/50 is too much lime so I would say to just ask for a splash of lime cucumber.
I diluted it down with a tiny bit of water since it was a bit intense, but it was a really good hot weather beverage.
There were a few flavors of popsicles that looked melted so I passed when I originally came for that.
The BF and I also shared some coconut ice cream.
It was creamy, good coconut flavor and hit the spot.
It was yummy and hit the spot.
I'm not in this area often, but if I was and need a quencher I would stop here again.

After eating ramen, could have walked next door to Baskins Robbins but decided to walk across the street to try this place.
It was well worth the walk!
The ice cream was great and MUCH CHEAPER than BR.
I plan on skipping ramen the next time and trying the banana split here, it looked decadent.

The clerk was super friendly and something about her chubby cheeks and warm smile made my first visit here even more delightful.
The decor is nothing to write home about but the rumpope (rum and raisin?
) ice cream was creamy and not too sweet.
What's even better was that a scoop of ice cream in a small waffle cone was $2.70.
Damn, I could afford 2 or even 3 scoops here!
The clerk was very gracious to let me try 4 different flavors.
In fact, she even said, "Try them all!
"  I loved that little "extra" customer service and made sure to leave a decent tip in the tip jar.

Come on of course I'm a fan of Lindo Michoacan, any ice cream shop in general.
All those childhood memories I wish I had are falsely coming back to me.
Yum, I wish I had those memories of enjoying waffle cone/bowls filled with scoops of delicious ice cream.
Oh yea I kind of do being that there were probably only 2 or 3 ice cream shops back home I can think of.
The first things that caught my eye were those chocolate covered bananas with nuts, sprinkles, or coconut, and various ice creams and frozen treats already made for you.
Walking over to the right there were about 20+ different containers of ice cream waiting for me to taste, OPTIONS NICE.
I was met by the friendly and helpful employee who asked me if I wanted to try some.
With a smile on my face and fast head nodding in excitement I said "Of course yes!
Haha".
I started sampling a few flavors, not bad not bad at all.
Didn't want to sample to much free samples.
Some of the names I recognized but some I didn't, just taste them if you're curious.
Some were various Mexican candies made into an ice cream.
YUM :)  I went with the waffle bowl, though they also have waffle cones, and a few scopes of pistachio and some other flavor I don't remember but with I enjoyed.
I couldn't understand the menu and prices but with the help of the employee everything went smoothly.
Looking at their brochure right now, thankfully there's pictures with there names.
I want the Chamango, Ensalanda De Fruitas, Churros Cocos, or I dunno I just want one of everything next.
There are a few seats, miscellaneous items for sale inside, and it wasn't busy during lunch, typical small business.
But when it's 100 degrees outside I had to take a seat and enjoy every little bite before walking back to the car.
I'll be back for sure.
Very inexpensive.
My waffle bowl and 2 scopes were only a couple dollars.
They had problems with their credit card machine so bring cash just incase.
There are located in a plaza on the southeast corner of Tropicana and Eastern.
The same place as Dispensary Lounge, 99 Cent, and Marketon.

Has everything!
Beautifully decorated, cozy atmosphere.
Best Mexican food in Vegas.
Moderately priced.
No wonder it was named Best Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas in 2013.

I have searched in numerous places for the perfect chamango.
Although I've found some decent ones, nothing compared to the quality of what I get in California.
However, I have to say the chamango I got here was pretty darn close.
I think the only thing they do differently is not add lime juice.
I still give them 5 stars because it was very yummy!
I will definitely be back!

I was dining with some friends at Fukumimi Ramen across the street, and we were searching for a dessert option after realizing that our intended destination was closed.
Bronsen K. found this shop on Yelp, and since it was just across the street, off we went.
I think there's a bit of a dirty trick going on because they don't turn the A/C on at all, so it was quite warm in the shop.
Of course ice cream is going to seem really great in a warm room.
But I still managed to enjoy my coffee ice cream in a small waffle cone.
It's pretty creamy, didn't melt too quickly, and is a reasonable portion for $2.70.
I'm not familiar with several of the more unusual ice cream flavors available.
Maybe if it's a bit less crowded in the store next time, I'll spend a couple minutes trying those.
I could see myself making a stop here again if I'm in the neighborhood on a Monday (or any other day if I'm just too lazy to go to Art of Flavors).

The chamango was good, but over-priced...it was like $5 bucks for a little 16oz cup.
I've had chamango wayyyyy cheaper and it was soooo much better because the mango had bigger slices, and the mangos were fresh...not frozen !
:/ probably won't come back!
Giving three stars because it was decent!
There are better options

ughhh el mamey nieve es mi favoritoo sabor!!
pruebalo!

Chamangos and Aguas frescas were good.
The ice cream was also not bad at all.
A little pricy compared to Los Angeles but for being on a visit from LA it's not bad at all.
The only issue is a 1dollar surcharge if your paying with a card so bring cash unless you want to pay for there merchant fees.

