We finally got a Jimmy John's and I had heard so much about it being great.
We tried two different sandwiches (the No 9 Italian Night Club on their great french roll and the No 12 Beach Club on  thick sliced 7 grain bread).
Great quality product, great bread, very competitive pricing.
It is a little noisy with the music and hard surfaces in this location thou.
They are a brand new location so that will probably change (hope) over time.

Great service and friendly staff!

Super fast service with a great friendly staff.
We usually order online and pick it up here, and they blow chipotle out of the water in online order timing and accuracy.
They have plenty of options and their food is always fresh.
I have never sat in, but this is a good option for the Goodyear crowd that needs a fast meal.

I don't think they are the best sub shop but certainly the fastest.
Food is good.

Didn't feel like making dinner tonight (03/10/13), so we decided to try Jimmy Johns.
We ordered online and drove from our home (Luke AFB) to JJ, which took us 15min and our order was ready for pick up.
I walked in and the staff was more than helpful.
I ordered the Beach Club #12, Country Club #11 and the Slim 4.
The sandwiches were on point and the Jalapeno Chips were just right.
I would definitely order from there again.
It was clean and very inviting.
If you want a quick and simple sub, this is your place.

So little for so much.
My daughter and I kept asking ourselves what we had just spend so much money on??
Our roast beef sandwich had almost no meat, and with only one cheese option (which was extra) and few choices in toppings there was not a lot to eat except bread and lettuce.
And where the heck are the napkins?
They have all these signs saying how great they are, but the food falls way short of the price and the hype.
I would much rather get a sandwich at sprouts!

I love JJ definitely my choice over other chain sub shops, employees are pretty friendly and service is fast.
Wish they delivered by our place!
Only complaint is that is you want peppers on your sub you have to pay extra and there isn't much on the subs already so I think that's unnessary.
Other than that two thumbs up.

Umm their bread is good!
Their peppers tasted like salt and the rest of the sandwich was eh but don't hold me to this I was kinda sick.

I love their subs!
They always make them really fast and the prices aren't too bad.
I also like that they have cherry peppers.
Most sub places don't have them.

Fast, friendly, delicious and affordable.
Can't get much better than that!
I love the veggie sub and jalapeño chips.
If you haven't tried their delicious food, do it already!

Great subs,affordable price and good service.My only complaint would be the night club like volume of the music-difficult to place your order!

