We offer southwest,Santa fe style furniture.

Great selection of Mexican made home furnishings and decor along with their neighboring store specializing in metal art.
They also do custom work.
Be sure and ask to see what's in the warehouse if you don't find what you want in the main store.
They are very friendly and courteous and their prices are hard to beat.
We found the perfect TV table as well as a stone and iron patio set.
Delivery was a breeze and also very reasonable.
I even saw a bench that I had purchased elsewhere a year earlier for $100 less.

First off I LOVED the furniture - my husband and I found a number of pieces that we loved - and one that needed finishing.
Fine - the guys working were great, set delivery for the week after (which included the finishing time) - I never heard anything and when I called to ask, the owner (a woman) about bit my head off for the fact her employee didn't give me a correct length of time for the piece to be finished.
She promised the following Friday.
That Friday I called again - still not done.
Same woman (guessing owner) was rude again - I was then not available for 2 weeks so told her the next date I could make the time to be home for delivery.
(and if you know what your work load is DO NOT PROMISE something you can't meet- I would have rather been told - we can deliver in a month)  I never heard anything again - I called this morning and left voicemail - got a RUDE call back from same woman saying what we had agreed to was I would call them to arrange delivery (my expectation was that it would be the date we agreed to and someone there would call to arrange time) - none of this is my issue - I don't need rudeness or attitude -   The prices and the furniture and most of the staff are great - my suggstion - only pick pieces that are on the floor finished.
If not come back.
While my husband and I were shopping there were two customers that were asking about custom work from months back that was never completed (this was March of 2013)

Love love this store!
The selection of items and prices are outstanding!
The furniture is so well made, I purchased a small cabinet with reds, teal, brownish reds staining that is called "party" and posted a pic of it on FB, my friends were in awe of its beauty!
I will be going back again and again, the sales staff was top notch as well ....

One of my most favorite stores in Cave Creek.
We have purchased a number of items from them and have had nothing but great service and have always been happy with the quality of our pieces.
They go out of their way to accommodate our special requests for specific colors, etc.
and will special order anything we can't find in the store.
I saw someone complained about them missing deadlines for delivery, etc.
but we haven't had that experience and I hope they will give this store another chance because like i said, we've been there probably a dozen times in the past year and we have never had a bad experience.

