Maybe not Edinburgh's best kept secret like it used to be (it can be tough getting a seat on sunny summer days) but that doesn't detract from the fact the the Mosque Kitchen serves up a very tasty curry a rock-bottom prices (£3.50 for a big plate of chicken curry and rice).
The outdoor courtyard and its resident pigeons may not be the most alluring of settings but it's impossible to argue with the quality and quantity of the food being served up.
Long may it continue!

Empfehlenswert!
Gute Currys (4 vegetarische!
), große Portionen, sehr günstiger Preis!
Beonders toll ist, dass man 2 bzw.
3 Currys in einer Portion bestellen kann, so kann man sich durchkosten.
Das Ambiente ist für einen Schnellimbiss ok.  Was nicht passt: es wird Plastik-Wegwerfgeschirr und -Besteck verwendet  durch die Verwendung von Mehrweggeschirr könnte man den Müll um einiges verringern!

Okay so here is the thing, there are two mosque kitchens.
The story is that the owners of the one that opened years ago by the mosque decided to move it and is today called the same 'Mosque kitchen' and is by the corner of Nicholsen Square.
Then the mosque decided to open the kitchen of theirs under the name 'The original mosque kitchen' Since I've always gone to the mosque I know that the brain behind the menu and the kitchen staff moved along to the Mosque Kitchen.
So out of curtsy to the first kitchen I have since they moved gone to eat there.
I went once and tried the food here at The Original Mosque Kitchen and didn't really enjoy it and continued to go to the first one.
Then yesterday when I saw that people was reviewing the two kitchens under the same name I felt this had to be sorted but more important for me I decided to take off my curtsy jacket and try it again with open heart and free mind.
So here is my review.
One thing is for sure that the terrace here is very charming and I love the feeling of sitting sheltered from the rain and enjoy food outside.
They might not me the original kitchen but it is a very original place.
The staff is so welcoming and nice and I get happy just entering the kitchen to order food.
The menu is just the same with option of lamb curry, chicken curry, barbecue chicken, grilled lamb shish, spinach mix, lentil sauce, chickpea sauce, vegetable stew and rice for all dishes.
The price is amazing, I had lamb curry with rice and lentil sauce and paid £5.50 including a tropical juice.
WOW!
The portions are massive and one has to ask to get less if not to hungry and wish to respect food.
The lamb was a bit dry, but the flavours of the sauce, lentil and rice was absolutely delicious and I loved it.
I have to say that if I add the over all experience it is a clear 4 star.
If the meat wasn't dry it would have been a 5 star.
So next will be to try the Mosque Kitchen and decide with a fresh mind where I will go from now on.

