250th Review!!!
WOOT WOOT!
Every year my office has a Team Appreciation Event, a party for us!
Been with the company 12 years and we have done a lot, but this time we went the idea of having an Hawaiian Luau, for family and coworkers.
Being on the events committee at work, we knew what we wanted just didn't know where to go and didn't want cheesy tiki torches lit in someone's back yard, we did some research and found Tia's Royal Islander out in the east valley.
What a great find!
Tia's Royal Islander is a perfect place for you Hawaiian luau, they have the perfect location, they have the performers, and they have the food!
It's a party just waiting for people to show up!
And they are local & family owned!
So we found the place, set the date and then waited for the fun to begin!
For the buffet, we had Kalua Pork (omg delish!!!
) Teriyaki Chicken (everyone was raving about the chicken) Island Rice, BBQ Beans, Tropical Fruit Salad and some dinner rolls, some tropical punch, and hot chocolate (it was a cold Nov day for this event) and even mai tais!
Everyone got their food and waited for the show to being.
Oh let me also say that while everyone is arriving to the event there is a live band & signer too, you quickly get into the island spirit!
Oh but the entertainment is what its all about!
Hula dancers & fire dancer!!!
Oh it was such a great show!
If you are looking for an Hawaiian or Island themed place for an event, this is your place!!
Did I tell you it was family run?
Ohana means family and at Tia's they will treat you like one of their own!
**ps yea I know I went a little picture crazy, but this was a great place & great event!

Once again, Tia's Royal Islanders had our guests still raving about the show the next day.
This is the second time I've booked them for a special event for a conference our company helps coordinate in Arizona each year.
Just incredible!
Thanks for a great show!
Pat Fisher Elysium Inc Southfield, Michigan

Food was decent (tasty but salty pork, didn't like the chicken, great beans and fruit salad) Band was good Dancers were amazing, especially the fire dancer  We're already planning to book a dancer for an upcoming event.
This is a nice, family run establishment and they make it easy and really enjoyable.
I'd totally recommend them for a big party or corporate event.

