It's a new spot an it's so effin' great!
Came here last night and had their tacos.
It was so good that I had to order a burrito.
Then the next morning I just had to go back and order some more before I left The Strip.
I ordered 3 carne asada tacos and a whole burrito again!
Def give it a shot and help support this new business or just give them your opinions here on Yelp!
Another good thing is they cut the meat right in front of you when you order it.
B-E-A-U-tiful!

Street tacos on the Vegas strip.
What a concept.
Could there be anything better than street tacos after a crazy drunken night you will never remember.
These tacos hit the spot and are BOMB.

Best tacos I've had in forever!
After a night out on the town my girl and I ordered 17 tacos de al pastor!
F*%}in DELICIOSO!!
NOM NOM NOM!!
Get some, trust me!

I will admit the tacos are pretty good ..
The salsas are delicious .. All in all great food..
The price is a bit high since they are so good you can't eat just three.. And the portions can sometimes be small as they do limit the amount of meat and toppings on them ..
But no matter worth they are worth every penny!
The staff is super friendly... Will definitely return for more!

The tacos are hot fire!
Excellent deal and perfect for the inevitable munchies that will overtake you at some point during your walk along the strip.
Definitely follow the sign-waving lady and enjoy some great street tacos.

Taco's were VERY TASTY and you can't help not to stop by after looking at the yummy pork spinning on the stick from the outside!
Very nice little kick back place across from the city center!

Stumbled upon this while walking the strip.
BEST MENUDO I've ever had!
Super clean.
Great prices and pretty authentic.
Definitely will satisfy your craving for mexican food at non-strip prices.

I got the Steak taco and the shredded pork taco.
My hubby got an horchata he says the drink was a 3 1/2 out of 5.
I still ranked this place a 5 because my tacos were great!!
I will warn you they are petite tacos but they are packed with flavor.

Street tacos right on the Strip of Las Vegas!
It's not as dingy and dink as most places I'm used to, but being on a prime location I think they do pretty well up keeping the place.
I ordered the El Pastor, Carnitas, Carne Asada, and Lengua -- Ci yo soy mucho hambriento!
How you gusto me Spanish!?
They didn't put any sauce a top, which for me was odd since the hot sauce is that extra kick that does it for me.
I had to ask for some on the side which was not a problem.
Overall, the lengua was blah, the carnitas was good, but my favorites were the Carne Asada and El Pastor.
Guess they had those ready and popping since I gather these are the popular choices.
The sauce which gave it some kick along with the lemon and onions really helped keep the meat moist.
Wrapped with a soft corn tortilla this street taco was yummy and very rare can you find a place that makes it this good!
Definitely a recommended taco joint if you're strolling the streets of Vegas and need a quick bite to give you that energy boost!
- Enjoy!

I stumbled up to the strip from Motel 6 just to try one of these tacos.
It was well worth the steps and stumbles.
You get 3 tacos and the choices are amazing.
I ordered 1 al pastor and told the nice lady to give me the most popular for the other 2.
There are about 9 choices of fillings, 8 or 9 salsas, and then any popular taco topping.
The best part is that they do have cervesa (beer).
I pulled up to a table out in the common area and enjoyed.
I really forgot what other flavor tacos I had, but I can tell you that they were all fresh, and spiced very well.
I will be back on my next trip.
P.S.- Don't go to the foot massage place there in the plaza, its creepy!

As far as I can see, besides Gordos on the other end, this is the only place that does street style tacos on the Las Vegas strip.
But lets not get crazy with the accolades now.
These tacos don't come anywhere close to Gordos or even the better places in Los Angeles or San Francisco.
Perhaps it satisfies while drunk, but it disappoints while sober.

Awesome cheap food and a great staff.
I was amazed on how good the food was and I can't wait to go back when I'm actually drunk and/or hungover.
The manager is really cool and their food was really fresh.
The salsa was actually spicy and it definitely burned on the way out.

Looking for a great taco joint?
TJ's (it's actually DJ's so idk how that got mixed up, but whatever!
) Taco Bar is that place.
The al pastor is amazing!
The barbacoa is also an excellent choice.
Make sure to try their sauces as they are a knock out.
This is a great place to swing by at any time.
We went four or five times during the week we were in Vegas.
The service isn't always the greatest as it seems their staff isn't that well trained but the food is def worthwhile.
Check it out!

Great tacos!
Had the pork and it was amazing.
The hot salsa was awesome.
You can't beat the price.
The grilled jalapeno was one of the hottest I have ever experienced.
If I have one bad thing to say, it is that the server behind the register did not understand English.
I had to point at the menu for everything.
Otherwise, skip the oh so expensive strip Hotel/casino restaurants, this beats it hands down.

Now this little place in tucked right in the corner in between Planet Hollywood, going southbound in between "little Hawaii" and/or The Harley Davidson "Best BBQ in Las Vegas" sign.
They have $2 tacos, or the 3 combo tacos with everything except Guacamole.
The meat was tender, flavorful, plentiful, and the salsa was fresh, both the green and red salsas were spicy as they said.
I had 1 tear come out my right eye.
It was a delicious meal under $10 ON THE STRIP.
Outside the restaurant, people were singing karaoke, selling t-shirts with speaker attached and colored stereo waves, and "cheap souvenirs, and 2 for $1 waters (cold).
I suppose it is a festive island, you can easily walk through, but should stop!

It was 108 in Vegas, they had limited AC, the place was hot.
So I assume the food quality suffered a little bit.
We ordered 2 burritos, steak and pork.
Not cheap, 8-9 each.
The portion size is large.
The steak was very tough and dry and the pork mushy, the beans and toppings where ok.  Really, this places seems fit for late night drunk food.
It really reminds me of a knock off qdoba or chipotle,  where the food is good just not great.
guacamole  is 1.49, boy that sounds like qdoba.
If its late, your drunk and on the strip you could do worse.

Pros Tasty tacos  Cons Horrible atmosphere and service  The tacos (I got carne asada and carnitas) were very tasty and they have a nice little selection of a few different beers.
A little pricey but it's on the strip.
Unfortunately, I decided to eat in, which is a huge mistake.
I asked if their wifi was for customers, and the person at the cashier just waved me away.
Maybe she didn't understand me, maybe she didn't know.
Call me old-fashioned, but I think staff should be polite to customers when they ask a simple question and find out the answers if they don't know.
As I was eating, the place started to fill up with smoke.
It was coming from the grill where they were cooking the meat.
A little smoke, I don't mind.
But it was literally filling up the place to the point where it was quite thick.
Me and another couple that was there left and ate outside.
Just odd that they have such poor ventilation and didn't give a crap.
I prefer Tacos El Gordo over this, but they are quite a bit up north on the Strip.

Decent food, disorganized staff.
The ordering line could be comparable to Chipotle in size, variety and method; however, the staff preparing the food seemed overwhelmed and confused, customers had to yell over others or some standing in others way while waiting on whatever they ordered.
The food line workers also yelled quite a bit, which is a personal pet peeve.
The prices are great though, $8 per dish and it was quite flavorful.
No air conditioning inside, seating with those misting fans outside, closest restrooms are in the creepy, rundown foodcourt building near that area.

Street tacos on the Vegas strip.
Yum (:  Not too much you can say about street taco's other than if they hit the spot or not.
These did hit the spot.
The reviews comparing DJ's to Chipotle crack me up!

A-ma-zing tacos.
We've been back every day since we discovered the $2 tacos.
The staff is super friendly and sociable (although it may help if you speak in Spanish).
I always get the fish (there's fried and grilled), and they cook it when you order it.
Also, if you like spicy food, this is the place!
Their spiciest salsa left my husband and I crying.
People who have left negative comments about the atmosphere are in the wrong place.
This is amazing food and should be judged for what it is, not against the fancy, 5-star restaurants on the strip.
Give it a try!

Stopped by here after walking the strip on a Sunday night and eating Secret Pizza.
Typical looking taqueria/taco stand.
They have a to-go window.
My girlfriend and I ordered tacos of the following variety: grilled fish, al pastor, carnitas, and barbacoa.
The quantity of meat was good and most of them were pretty good.
The carnitas was probably my favorite between the meat tacos.
You choose your taco dressings but they don't have a salsa bar (boo).
Overall, decent taste and price and definitely a good late-night, street food stop on the Strip.
Note: When we went, they did not freshly cut the al pastor off the spit (unlike Tacos El Gordo).
They gave us pre-sliced al pastor.

Habanero salsa was delicious, the service was fast and friendly and not a busy place so we could sit and eat comfortably!
Also, huge portions for the quesadillas and burritos.

I had a carne asada torta here and it was  good.
A lot of flavors and the meat was tender.
Good views sitting outside.
A place to bring the woman you love.

Man, after an hour of walking the Strip checking out the freaks, whores, scammers and fat tourists like myself these tasty little devils hit the spot.
Tried the asada, carnitas and al pastor tacos and all were good.
Typical street taco tortilla filled with some way savory and succulent meats.
Would've awarded 5 stars if they were $1 instead of $2.
I am the taco terminator and yes homie....."I will be back".

The burrito was amazing!
Skip the guacamole though, it's basically just puréed avocado with nothing else in it.

3 tacos for less than $5!!
(including the 10% check in discount).
Awesome!
YOu really can't beat the price, especially in Las Vegas.
I had carne asada, grilled fish (freshly made), and pork.
All delicious!
Yes, the location might not be like the Wynn or Bellagio, but when I am craving Mexican tacos, this is where I'm going!
Definitely recommend to anyone on a tight budget.

Very nice authentic street tacos, right in the middle of Las Vegas strip between all kinds of touristic mega chain restaurants.
Wow!
I was very glad to discover this place while looking for something decent to eat quickly, place certainly does not look very fancy but the most important thing i.e.
food was good.
I took the taco plate with 3 tacos, rice and beans which was more than enough to kill my hunger.
Tacos were tasty, fresh with just about right amount of spiciness (with the most spicy sauce).
All in all a place I would certainly visit again if ever looking for something quick to grab when walking up and down the Strip

In a little mall right on the strip.
The food was good, a small step up from Chipotle.
They had a large selection of meats and toppings for taco.
Nothing was very fresh except the tortillas because it is all sitting there.
Since there was not a lot of people,there's not a lot of turnover.
The rice was hard and some of the meats had dried out a little.
The service however was not great.
The staff was not particularly friendly and was really slow considering we were the only ones ordering.
They were not particularly friendly or helpful.
They did however accept the yelp deal I bought  with no issues.
If you want a cheap meal on the strip, it might do the trick but otherwise skip it.

We came here from Cali for the weekend.
We run to this place and seriously the best mexican food I've tasted in Vegas!!!!!
We laterally ate the whole weekend here.
Management is great and Armando the cook knows his stuff  Do I recommend???
YES.
I will be coming here next Vegas visit.

This place is awesome.
Cheap alternative to godly expensive trendy Vegas food.
Manager super cool.
Gave us samples of whatever wanted.
Very grateful for customers and good people.
Come eat here you won't be disappointed.

I would munch on these tacos all day.
Had the beef tongue....awesome.
Plus the super awesome lady let us sample the meat.
Great place, nice peeps.
Do it and eat these tacos

The best carne asada burrito on the strip!
Love it !
Friendly staff,  love the music .I'm definitely coming again.
Thank you Armando

The food was excellent.
A bit pricey but this is the strip!!!
I ordered a burrito and nachos, meaning I got two different dishes.
I'm stuffed.
I'm going to blow up.
I love pigging out.

About a 10 minute walk from planet Hollywood and fairly good Mexican food.
For the cost, it was really good.
$2 tacos.

Cost: $13  Came to the strip for the first time with a few new friends and found this to be a decent place on Yelp.
Was pleased with my chicken 'bowl', although I've had better.
The bowl was okay but the Horchata was too sweet and watery.
I've had better from a food trucks in Vancouver.

Delicious!
Everything was terrrific , especially the al pastor

OMG!!!
We were talking along the strip, and got hungry.
Someone had spotted this place, so we went back.
I pulled up on YELP while waiting and was blown away by the ratings.
Looking around the shop, they had a vertical pork broiler and had just brought out a new slab.
Too, they were working hard on grilling up more steak, cutting, etc.
So it took a minute to get waited on.
But Marisol was quite apologetic and pleasant when things calmed down.
We had $2 tacos, and I got a burrito (huge).
They build it in front of you, and you can request what you want.
The hot sauce has a great kick and not TOO spicy.
The guacamole was home made (not processed crap).
The marinade on the steak was amazing!!
Once we found this, we went back a number of times - and one night for dinner!

Found this little gem one night when my bf & I were walking the strip and craved some homemade Mexican food.
Yelp had great reviews for this spot AND had a $10 for $15 deal.
We just couldn't resist.
So we bought it.
We actually visited DJ's Tacos the day after (Sunday 1/5/14) around lunch time.
It's located in a small plaza, I believe it's called Hawaiian Plaza or something along those lines.
Small establishment but the quality of the food definitely makes up for it big time.
I ordered a taco plate (includes 3 tacos, rice and beans) for $8.95.
I chose carne asada tacos, while my man ordered a carne asada burrito ($9.95) and 5 additional tacos ($2 each).
I would say the rice and beans portions were a little on the skimpy side.
But the carne asada tacos were delicious!
They were tender and juicy, full of flavor.
¡Que Sabor!
Everything is made to your liking from your choice of beans to toppings (cilantro, onions, etc) to salsa (pico de gallo, jalapeño sauce, etc).
The food is really fresh and yummy.
Sorta reminds me of chipotle but less franchise-y and more authentic Mexican food.
Did I mention that the tortillas are hand made?!
Yep, quality.
Also, they have one of those digital soda fountain dispenser and horchata as well.
Lastly, they have this awesome mural of Tijuana that takes up one entire wall of the restaurant.
It is so interesting and dramatic.
It's one of those neat little features that makes this place special.
The customer service is great, too.
The two ladies who helped us out were patient and made everything to our liking.
They were friendly and honored our yelp deal.
This place is awesome, but only reason why it gets 4 stars is because the prices are a bit steep and portions run on the small side  Other than that,  this place hits the spot!
Highly recommend!

Nice people here, but the Mexican food here really is just okay.
The tacos are good, but I would different that they are anything particularly special.
Here are a couple of reasons why:  1) The rice here has no flavor - just salt; 2) The corn salsa here uses frozen corn - you might as well not offer the option; 3) The salsa verde here is a bit bland; 4) The meat here, regardless of which one you order here, is also a bit on the bland side.
So put these things together, you get a pretty average taco/burrito/bowl.
Personally, I think that most of the raving reviews here are a result of needing a good late-night snack.

Great menu, fast, and delicious!
Perfect for wanting something quick and cheap!
Will definitely return!

Very friendly staff.
The grilled fish tacos hit the spot.
Nothing super amazing but solid, quality food.
The rice had corn in it and was a little sweet.
With all of the fast food options around, I felt like this was the best food for the value in that area of the strip.
I got a 10% discount when I checked in with Yelp!

Great service as Marry (I think that's her name) was super helpful and friendly.
Tacos and especially the churros are super delicious!!!!
Would so go back for them.

Probably some of the best tacos I've ever had outside of Los Angeles or Mexico.
The key here is the homemade tortillas.
Dear God they were wonderful and delicious.
Tacos are on the cheap $2/each and you gotta love the free drink refills (including Horchata, Jamaica, Tamarindo).
Have a huge selection of meats including chorizo.
Everything was fresh and the cooks and staff were incredibly helpful and accommodating.
Would definitely be back when I'm in Vegas.
Another plus?
Open until 4am!!

Friendly staff, open late, homemade corn tortillas, and great tasting meat.
I have no complaints about this place, I even enjoyed the hilarious mural they have painted on the wall.
You can't go wrong with great tasting $2 tacos.
Next time I'm in Vegas, I will visit this place again.

Really liked this place.
We decided to try this place due to the deal they had on yelp.
the service was really good and the staff members were all very friendly!
you really feel welcomed by them.
i personally love their tacos and with the yelp deal, it was an awesome bang for your buck!

These guys are assholes, pieces of shit must of thought it'd be funny to give us insanely spicy sauce when we asked for mild.
I love spicy food, but this is just crap.
Neither of us can eat this.
Karma is a bitch.

Awesome !!
You will not be disappointed!
While certainly not the most expensive meal we ate while in Las Vegas, it was the best we had!

Great place to eat if you want something fast, cheap, and delicious on the Las Vegas Strip.
The fiancé liked it here so much we had DJ's twice in one day!
From the two visits, we got a chance to try their tacos, nachos, burrito, and churros.
ALL the meats were cooked to tender perfection and flavored wonderfully.
LOVE the churros--they're cooked to order so you get them piping hot!
Awesome value in Vegas (especially if you lost a few Benjamins gambling like I did)!

I had the carnitas burrito, my husband had the carnitas bowl.
Both with the hot sauce, but not the hottest sauce.
Service was really friendly, and portions were good but the food itself was greasy and not very flavourful.
I've eaten a lot of good and bad Mexican food all over North America and this place is neither.
Probably pretty good if you're drunk and it's open late, and again the staff was so nice.
I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but I would if I was hungry and someone I was with wanted to go.
I'd just try something different, and a hotter (and extra) sauce.
For late night on that part of the strip I would recommend secret pizza at the cosmopolitan.

Pretty good.
I loved their horchata-yummy!

Tacos were SO GOOD!
So impressed!
Reminded me of California taco truck!
Great prices!
I will Definitely eat here again!

This place was really good and I guess u could say cheap for the strip.
I got a burrito for 10 bucks which is a little pricey but a lot of food.
We would go back again just wish they had margaritas

i was walking the strip with a couple of friends of mine and as california natives we were all craving mexican food.
we stumbled across a huge tex-mex themed restaurant where the meals averaged about $16.
that was a no go for me.
I don't pay that kind of money for mexican food because generally the food is not tasty.
I turned to yelp to see what was nearby and dj's had a yelp deal.
off i went.
my burrito was super-good and the tortilla tasted homemade.
I got mine to go bc i planned to eat half then and half later but ended up inhaling it all in one setting.
Delicious food!

Great value for your money!
I was in Vegas on a work conference.
After finding out that the evening event would only serve appetizers (I know, lame!
) I quickly found a place for a quick bite.
Yelp had a deal for DJs taco bar, so I gave it a shot.
I got the fish tacos, and while they weren't necessarily the best I've ever had, for $10 they did just fine.
I also got the beans and rice as well as chips and guac.
I'll knock off a star for the fact that the food was good, not great.
Value-wise, I feel like I got a lot for my money.
They also took longer than I expected to make the food.
Bottom line: If I'm in the area and want a quick, delicious bite, I'll go back!

Food isn't bad and it is VERY filling.
I got the burrito with carne and a bunch of different toppings.
Was pretty sad about there not being any sour cream, but the horchata made up for that!
Definitely recommend this place, as it isn't as crowded as a lot of the other restaurants on Fremont.

You must go try DJ's Tacos if you are in Vegas!
I have been Mexico and had some local tacos there.
DJ's tacos were just as good as those.
If not, better!

I'm going to assume you're reading this review because you're on the strip and you're hungry.
In that case, you should absolutely come here.
I don't often say "reasonable" and "strip food" in the same sentence.
It's happening.
You know how every other taco stand in greater Las Vegas is priced around $2/taco?
Guess what?
So is DJ's!
You are NOT being ripped off!
Are you as pleasantly surprised as I am?
Not only are you not being ripped off, you are getting some pretty quality food!
Half of what I ordered for tacos was cooked on the spot.
the other half was picked up out of a metal tray.
It's a bit like a Chipotle mixed with a taco stand.
A lot of ingredients are laid out and ready to assemble but the menu is larger and more Mexican.
I'm always having street tacos so I had a few al pastor and a few carne asada.
Both were fresh and tasty - two tortillas as expected.
Also, at the time of writing, there was a $10 for $15 deal going on which sweetened the experience.
There's also a 10% off for checkins but this only applies to some items so double-check with them first.
If I was on the strip and near the Hawaiian Center, I'd definitely get to DJ's.
If not, there's no reason to come here.
You won't find parking and it's the equal of any other decent Mexican spot out there.

Food was indeed very good and very reasonably priced.
We each had a taco plate ( three tacos any kind, plus rice and beans) for $8.95.
On the strip in Las Vegas!
Grilled fish tacos were as good or better than anywhere ever.
My puerto al pastor and pollo al pastor tacos were also excellent.

Fraud/Coupon alert!!!
Says $15.00 of food/drink for $10.00 but is only 10% off.
It's good but not great food with small portions that ended up in a $25.00 bill.
Don't let the pictures fool you cos just walk a few feet for a much better deal/value on the Strip.

Delicious.
Anything else I add to this review would just be fluff.
Delicious and reasonably priced sums it up.
No inside seating, basically fast food and there are tables outside in the foot court common area.
We ate there pretty late so it was cool with a breeze.
Dress accordingly.

I went here my first visit to Las Vegas and omg there are no words for how delicious and full of flavor their food is.
The meat is very tender and juicy.
I had tacos barbacoa and pastor.
Also their chorizo was wonderful.
You have to try this authentic Mexican food while you are in the area.
The tortillas are hand made fresh.
You definitely won't regret it.
Also try their orchata (rice water)

Had the taco plate.
Chicken tacos were beyond my expectations.
Wow.
Just like the best taco stands in Tijuana.
The carne asada taco was a little thick and had a fat chunk in it.
I def recommend the pollo tacos.
You should dine in and enjoy the mural of the Tijuana border.
It's a great mural I assume of a famous painting.

Come here for lunch.
Come here for dinner.
Come here after a drunken wander down the strip.
Come here the next morning for breakfast.
Get the taco plate.
Get the carne asada fries.
Get the Horchata, add tequila to the horchata outside (if you're of age, of course).
During our 4 day stay in vegas, we ate 3 meals here, 2 of which were on the same day.
The food is great, it's cheap, it's filling and fresh.
There's a nice seating area outside.

Was excited to eat here, ordered 3 tacos al pastor with traditional trimmings -- onion, cilantro, hot sauce.
Very disappointed to have super-dry meat.
Maybe it was because I arrived at 5:30pm and it wasn't busy, but had been hoping for something at least as good as a taco truck.

My go-to in Vegas.
Great price, authentic food, what could be better?

I was very pleased with my meal at DJ's.
The $15 for $10 was totally worth it, I got a bowl and an order of chips.
It was really good, much better than most of the surrounding places to eat.
I will totally stop there again.
I recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable bite to eat that is actually decent food.

Very good food... wouldn't have been worth it if not for the half off Yelp deal though.

Large portions.
Good food.
Quick.
Good salsa.
We stop here next time and recommend it to everybody.
Large burrito is about $10.
3 taco plate under $10.

Es la mejor comida mexicana aquí  En las Vegas  Yo recomiendo este lugar es de lo mejor

Made it a point to check out these tacos since we were in town.
They're tasty and at a great price for the area.
I wanted to have my mind blown but it just didn't happen.
Staff was really friendly and a good pick for a quick taco fix.

Omg.
I am in taco heaven!
This place is kind of hidden so don't miss it!
I wish we would've walked the south end of the strip sooner in our trip and discovered this taco joint earlier...cause guess what I would've eaten all four days in vegas?!
It wasn't until the last night of our trip that we finally stumbled upon DJs Taco Bar.
The family sitting next to us told us they have been eating there at least once a day for a week now!
Anyway, I ordered two of their steak tacos, gulped those down, and went back to order more!
Their habanero extra extra spicy sauce is to friggin die for.
I asked if I could buy some of this special homemade sauce.
She handed me a a small plastic condiment container for 50 cents.
No, what I meant was, is this sauce available for purchase in 12 oz bottles?
Lol.
They laughed at me.
Seriously, they should consider selling their sauce.
Omg, my mouth if on fiya thinking about DJs.
Again, biggest regret is not discovering this place sooner.

Hungry and reading for a late lunch we headed here smack in the middle of the Strip.
The reviews were good so why not?!
Like I said hungry we ordered the steak fries, chicken quesadilla and steak burrito.
All so gooey, spicy, big and flavorful we were thoroughly satisfied.
The place was empty when we got there and there were plenty of tables for us to choose from outside.
The staff was friendly and quick.
I can't remember precisely but for all of it plus tax we were between $25-$30 total.
Good deal for good food and close proximity I think!

Great burrito!
If you are looking for a quick bite that isn't overly priced on the strip, definitely eat here.
Nice area to sit outside!
100% recommend.
Steak burrito with the extra extra hot sauce

Delicious!
I got tacos, nachos, and fries.
Everything's was tasty and I wasn't even drunk.

Dj's was great.
Taco plate was fantastic and they loaded it with whatever toppings desired.
Great strip stop..

Looking through places that I checked in and wondering if I should review.
Stumbled on this one,  funny because I was probably stumbling while I checked in!
I'm so glad I did because DAMN.
This place was amazing!
Open late, quick, cheap, and effing heaven.
I mean, it's late night tacos and stuff, but everything tasted so fresh, and was pretty much cooked right in front of you.
I fell in love with DJ's and I will definitely stumble my way over here at the end of the night next time I'm in Vegas.
Bomb.tacos.com/DOIT

Man I miss street tacos in Vegas, they are the best!
I wanted to go to El Gordo but it was just too far, so I stumbled upon here instead.
It was delicious, not as good as El Gordo but it's much more centrally located and convenient, so next time I will opt for this place.
The Al Pastor tacos are pork off of a spit fire, which I wish they had these back in NoVA but surprisingly they don't.
This will be my street taco spot next time I'm in Vegas!

Located in the Hawaiian Marketplace, the tacos carnitas here is soooo good, super juicy!
And no, I was not drunk when I had them, so if you are, I'm sure they'll be a mouthful of juicy meat delight!
I'm sad they were out of al pastor when I went at 2pm in the day... also was VERY hot inside.
$2 tacos is a good deal though for something on the strip, they've got a great selection of fountain drinks so battle the heat.
Plus the $10 for $15 Yelp deal was the icing on the cake.
I'd definitely come back here

On our last Vegas trip at the beginning of this year I had a craving for tacos.
This is nothing new, it happens to me all the time.
Thank goodness for a smart phone that helps me with my late-night cravings.
On this particular evening, the craving struck around 11:45 p.m.. We'd already walked around the limited food options at Excalibur's food court, so when we saw DJ's wasn't that far from our hotel we set out on foot.
Running.
Then walking fast.
Then running again.
We made it up to their window with a minute to spare and were greeted by a couple glances at their clock.
They (thankfully) made us each a couple of tacos and we enjoyed them in the open-air plaza outside their establishment.
Tables and chairs and napkins were set up and we enjoyed our food before walking past the dark restaurant back to our hotel.
A couple nights later we returned for more tacos, at a more decent hour.
We went inside this time.
Honestly, the tacos were better the first night.
Or maybe they weren't; and I just wanted them more the first night, and I thought they were better because they satisfied my need.
But either way, they were good tacos for Vegas tacos!
We never plan to stay at the Excalibur again, but if we're walking around this part of the strip and come across DJ's again I'd definitely make room for a taco or two.

An absolute must-eat if you're walking the Strip and looking for a generous, quick & tasty meal at a great price ($2 taco special).
The Yelp check-in offer was another percentage off the total bill which was a nice surprise, so remember to check in!
Basically ordered one of each of the main proteins: carnitas, asada, lengua, al pastor, and was happy with all of them.
The house habanero salsa is fantastic - not too spicy - one of the best-balanced habanero salsas I've experienced.
Great to see such enthusiasm behind the taco counter - turning & burning with smiles and big scoops of taco filling.
Do try to keep it street-taco-simple with cilantro & onion only or you will get charged extra (for pico de gallo, cheese, et al).
Way to go, DJ!

Stopped by here for some late night food - keep in mind I had some drinks - but it was delish!
I like that you were able to make your own tacos AND nachos.
But yea.. keep in mind I was drinking :)

Had the steak fries and it was horrible..
Authentic or not it was not good

Love this place.
I got the marinated pork, steak and beef tongue tacos with menudo and it was so good!
The price is good and great location.

Great place !!!!
Great service !!!!
Reasonable prices ..
If you're ballin on a budget this is the place to be !

Great if you're trying to find Mexican food on the strip.
Price is like going to Chipotle but it is more authentic.
($7-$12 range/entree)  I had the carne Asada burrito.
Was expecting more flavor and authenticity.

The tacos were incredible!
The rice and beans weren't that great, they were very bland.
People were very friendly and the prices were reasonable.
I would suggest it to everyone!

$2 tacos.. that's pretty amazing prices for anything on the Vegas strip.
Taste was pretty good, on point but nothing spectaculr.
My complaint is that they wanted to charge extra for every salsa you get.
You know how at chipotle you can get hot salsa, corn, pico de gallo all on the same thing?
You can't do that here.
Extra charge for each salsa

Must have when im in Vegas...I always order pastor and asada tacos ..Oh the quesadillas are delicious too..Cant wait to go back this July.

Good spot for quick tacos on the strip!

Didn't have high expectations for this hole in the wall, but the food was outstanding.
There are a ton of options on the strip and a lot of them are garbage, DJs had awesome tacos and burritos, and we went multiple times in a 3-day stint in town.

Food was just okay.
Really, if you've had Mexican food before, you've already had DJ Taco.
With that said, they completely cheated us while we were at the restaurant.
When we paid for the order, they swiped our card three times saying that the card didn't work.
The manager said they only charged us once; however upon looking at our credit bill we were charged for the same dinner three times.
Either a) they are thieves or b) they are incompetent.
Either way, don't go to DJ Taco.

Not impressed.
I had barbacoa and carne asada tacos.
They were bland and small.
Nothing special.

BEST FOOD IN LAS VEGAS STRIP !!
Tacos De Carne Asada And Burritos Are BOMB.COM The Salsa Is So Good !
Best Food I Have EVER Had .
I Really Recommend This Place If You Walk Down The Strip !
I Give This 5 Stars .
You Guys Did A Real Good Job !

