The Underground Food Collective just opened another food venue in Madison!
The Underground Butcher is in a prime location on Willie Street.
They offer different specialty sandwiches daily...this would be a good place to pop in for lunch.
They also have a case filled with cheeses, cured meats from Underground Meats, and other meats from local farms.
It looks like they will also offer food-oriented classes.
Since they just opened, the offerings were slim, but hopefully with time they will offer a wider variety of meats, cheese, and other fine foods in the near future.

Underground has launched yet another venture.
I stopped in yesterday, opening day, to check it out.
They are currently offering a well-curated selection of cheeses (lots of bloomy rinds at the moment), a rotating selection of fresh meats (chicken, pork, lamb and beef) and sausages, cured meats and daily lunch specials.
There are some other things for purchase, but like Liz B said, the pickings are slim.
I chatted with one of the collective owners for a bit and learned that they are waiting on a license from the USDA to offer canned goods such as pickles and jams as well as a license to sell beer and wine.
They also are very willing to work with the customer for custom meat orders because they're butchering whole animals.
As far as I know, that is pretty unique to the downtown/near east side.
Even without the full smattering of offerings, the store seems very promising.
The meat prices are reasonable (certainly cheaper than Whole Foods and about the same as Willy Co-op), the selection - though small - is well thought out, and Underground makes some tasty eats.
I will definitely be back soon and again when everything is up and running.
Go check it out!

Let's get this party started.
It's been my good fortune to have a few opportunities to drop in on Madison this past year, marvelling at the miracle of the farmer's market with its 20,000 people genially all walking in the same direction and had great dinners and drinks at Nostrano, Merchant and Graze and great meats and cheeses from Fromagination.
A friend more familiar with the scene than me learned I was heading through again and alerted me that The Underground Food Collective had just opened a butcher shop and it sounded fabulous.
It's fabulous.
I stopped in last night and assembled a hotel room charcuterie plate for the ages - soft and bursting-with-fresh-fennel-flavor Finocchiona (sorry for the alliteration), Culatello (!
) - lush and sweet with a just-right note of Funk, a 16 month Gouda and a country baguette as good as any I've ever had.
The meat case was laden with sausage, poultry and beautiful cuts that made me wish my hotel would let me into the kitchen.
Wanted to make it back on my way back to Chicago today for a housemade Hot Dog with Kimchi and to load up on fresh sausage but couldn't quite swing it.
The owners are recent Chicago transplants who were probably eager to ply their trade in a supportive state and a city free of both Aldermen and abundant extra regulations.
Their pickled product - displayed but not able to be sold - looked equally fantastic and the space is raw, gorgeous and not overly-styled.
They are Good Kids.
If you're fortunate enough to live in Madison go support them.
I'll be back, with a cooler.
Also check out the Collective's social media and videos.
Funny, sincere, useful - Good stuff.
Fight the Good Fight.

Excellent meat.
Excellent cheese.
Friendly and knowledgeable staff to guide you through it all.
This is a place with a clear focus on what it wants to be, and it succeeds!
I highly recommend asking for help and advice as the folks here really know their stuff.
My personal favorite was the goat sausage, but the extra thick bacon sliced to order was a close second.

Sausage.
That's really all you need to know.
Ok, ok, there's more than meets the sausage.
Er I mean eye.
Plenty actually, a cornocopia for any connoisseur of fine meat.
But with fine meats comes a fine price tag.
Here's how I rationalize, maybe It'll work for you to.
I could get a pound of sausage from the grocery store for mmmm 4.99 a pound.
OR I could pay 8.99 to Underground and know exactly where my meat came from in addition to any things like sage, fennel, cumin or allspice they've added.
I can support a local business and a local butcher.
And for me, that's enough to make me grab my sausage from down the street.
If you see a link you like, ask if they have any ground to sell too?
Great for pattys.

There is a lot to love in this little store and will soon be even more, with talk of an upstairs bar to follow in the upcoming year.
The store is very attractive with a very knowledgeable staff.
Buying meat in this store is definitely an experience.
Would you like a pork chop?
Sure!
How thick would you like it?
*hold up your fingers to give a width* Alright then!
(cue giant hand saw)  It was quite the experience seeing this friendly, trendy, man saw through some pork with such gusto.
We explained how we are new to the whole "meat culture" cooking thing and he offered to salt the meat for us and tell us how to prepare it.
We followed instructions to a T and it was the best pork chop we had ever had.
To get your "fix" it's pretty easy.
They have some small cured sausages for only $3.99 and it's enough to share with a friend when added to a make your own cheese plate (not advertised but rather invented by me).
There's also pickled items, olives, specialty pasta and rice, condiments, sides for a cheese plate, and some other handy farmer's market items.
Basically, you can come here and purchase everything you'd need to put on a heck of a dinner.
We came back for the brats, the sausage, the cured sausage, and sampled some cheeses.
While the price meats (pun!
) the quality, it's not someplace I could afford to buy things at all the time.
It's a treat.
A treat I wish I could afford more often.
While some things are definitely affordable and comparable to Whole Foods (bacon for $7.99/pound, steaks for $14/pound), some things I found to be a bit too pricey for me ($9-10/lb for brats ).
That all said, it was the best brat/sausage I've ever had in my life.
The $16/lb for prime rib was just the ticket and so melt-in-your-mouth-y!
The owners of the store love what they do and they seem to only hire people as passionate as they are.
You can ask anyone in the store about items and they can tell you everything about it.
These people care and love what they do.
It's definitely worth the stop and if you're debating whether to go out for dinner or not, do what we now do: go to Underground Deli, get some fine cuts, and cook them at home.
You won't regret it and it will give you a memorable experience for sure.

I was highly disappointed in underground butcher.
If you're only looking for cured meats or nice cheeses its great.
But there is absolutely no information about the butcher on their website.
( both me and my husband had to back to google and search for just the butcher part) and don't think this is a butcher.
Butchers are people who are literally cutting your meat off the whole animal.
That's what I was expecting and was severely disappointed.
We wanted to get some steaks and what was in the butcher case was a small selection and it looked disgusting.
It looks dry and crusty and disgusting.
Not to mention there is no sign out front except for a tiny chalkboard.
Plus the staff wasnt super friendly or anything.
basically my husband andni stoo there awkwardly in silence as we waited for our sandwiches.
Also our sandwiches were just okay.
The bread had huge air pockets in it and was basically had a burnt crust...it was not good bread for sandwich making.
My husbands pastrami was undercooked to where he didnt want to finish his sandwich....it was a disappointing experience overall...don't think I'll go back unless I need cured meats.

Open 11-7 daily, Sat 10-7  What they got going on:  -Salami & whole muscle cures -Butcher case featuring beef, lamb, poultry, goat, pork and occasionally other meats like rabbit.
-Fresh sausages -Fine Cheeses -Sandwiches daily from 11-3.
($6-8) (vegetarian option(s))  -Wine & beer -Jams, pasta, pickled items, olives, bread, sauces  -cutting broads, aprons, bags, jars, pans -bicycle delivery  Basically they are great for cheese & meats boards, wine parties, lunch, fresh meats cut to your liking.
Don't hesitate to ask the staff any question.
Their super nice and have a bounty of information on the cheese and meats they love to share.
Sometimes you never know what new you will find there.
Now I love all thing spicy.
The other day I bought Mazi Piri Piri sauce that caught my eye.
A authentic portuguese hot sauce that has whiskey  among other things in it.
Thats made in NJ.
Let me tell you it makes a killer Bloody Mary.
More info on it at mazi401.com.
A great addition to my collection of hot sauces

The Underground Butcher is part of the Underground Food Collective here in town.
I love pretty much everything that Underground Food Collective does.
The Underground Butcher is great.
It has very high quality products from (mostly) local vendors.
Their cheese selection is incredible and they will patiently let you sample several in the search of the perfect pairing (I know from experience).
Their selection of meats are not for the faint of heart.
You will find entire pig heads here.
I haven't yet tried their sandwiches, but would like to.
The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is twofold.
The prices on some of their items are quite high.
Also, I recently bought some delicious looking sausage here, went straight home and cooked them, but they came out bone dry.
It was really disappointing, but I do think it could be partially my fault, as I might have cooked them too long.

Sorry to burst any spelunker's bubbles but this butcher shop is not subterranean.
Another venture by the Underground Food Collective, this place is a carnivore's dream.
You gotta respect a place that still butchers onsite.
You won't find any prepackaged cuts here.
Along with their meats, UB does an amazing job with charcuterie.
If you go, you must grab some 'nduja-a heavily spiced spreadable sausage made with pork as well as pork fat.
Yes, it is pricey but it is great on anything and knowing the name alone will make you a Scrabble master.

This is my new favorite place in the world!
I love their sandwiches.
If they have the smoked whitefish, get it.
The menu changes frequently but everything I've tried has been great.
I love being able to get local meat that isn't frozen.
I love the Farmers Market or the co-op but sometimes that takes some planning.
The random snacks they make are awesome as well.
I've tried and loved their chicharones, crostini, and homemade cookies resembling an Oreo.
I love how they now have local veggies and the cheese selection is great.
My fiancé and I have been trying their sausages and loving all of them.
I like the smoked hot dogs and the Oso brat the best so far.
My fiancé loves the goat Harissa.
The summer sausage is the best around!
Also, be sure to pick up some duck eggs if available.
We recently made a mean open face sandwich with a Madison sourdough Demi baguette, smoked hot dog, Parmesan cheese, and duck egg!
Epic!

Just ate the BEST fried bologna sandwich I've ever had in my LIFE!

Great sandwiches and selections of hand-crafted beers and root beers/ginger beers.
Also, this place sells small nosh like handmade crostini and side-salads, pickles and spreads.
It's the real deal deli if I've ever seen one.
I had the ham and cheese sandwich, which sounds sort of plain...but which was topped with an eggplant and relish dressing that set the whole thing off.
The ham was absolutely fantastic...none of this watery packaged mess you get at most delis.
Treat yourself to a real sandwich on real, hearty breads and get to this shop asap.

Why wouldn't Madison have a foodie/hipster butcher shop?
Artisan cheeses, cured meats and sausages, and a small selection of beer and wine.
Did I mention their grab and go sandwiches are delicious?

Great shop.
Such a cool concept - perfectly executed.
+ Awesome selection of quality cured meats (ask for a sample!
) + Nice selection of local cheeses (ask for a sample!
) + Great butcher counter - all cuts made in-house (ask for details/recommendations!
)  + Cool housewares and goodies (I really want the Falcon enamelware) + Nice compliments of brews, wines, and other goodies  + Easy check-out + Helpful staff + Sammies looked yummy!!!
Wish I hadn't waited so long to check-out this place.
Scored some awesome cured meats and a really nice mobay cheese.
Yum.

Love the selection, staff and gourmet food options.
Local and upscale food accents the great wine, meat and cheese selections.
Purchased the Wednesday special brisket -- perfectly seasoned, but my 1 lb.
portion was loaded with extraneous fat.
I guess I am used to Texas brisket where the fat is cooked away.
It was delicious but I would have liked it a lot more if I had at least 3/4 lb.
of brisket and not so much beef fat!
Bought eggs and loved them.
Desserts just ok -- good options, but have had better.
Tons of potential and off to a great start -- will be back.

If you need a place for fresh meats or sausages, here is the place to go!
look no further!!
The most friendly, knowledgeable and resourceful butchers I know.
This place is a paradise for gourmet and local ingredients.
Sandwiches are also amazing, I love their cured meats and cheese special sandwich.
Always hits the spot for me!
Also available are rare meats like rabbit, lamb, venison and duck - just call ahead to make sure they have stock.
I really enjoyed the burger patty with bacon they made, very juicy and flavorful!!!
I've also noticed they carry a great selection of wine and liquors.
And my favorite?
Duck eggs from a local farm.
Yay, I haven't seen any elsewhere yet!
Finally, to top it all off, they have.
Started making their own desserts.
The.
Macaroons look amazinggggggg.
Definitely stop by if you would like to get some good and fresh ingredients!

I love these guys!!!!
It wasn't until I had heartily polished off my sandwich in the park across the street that I realized I lost my bus pass.
Freaking out, I helplessly paced up and down Willy Street in search of my lifeline to no avail.
I luckily decided to check my phone because  I had received a very kind email from Underground Butcher saying they had my bus pass :) I musta dropped it while ordering, but thank goodness my email was on the back, and thank goodnesssss these guys are awesome and emailed me so promptly!
Now as far as food quality.
They know their stuff.
My sandwich was delicious.
From the crusty-chewy bread to the thinly sliced meat and the cheese o course.
All super good.
Great people, great food.
Great spot.

I purchased two items on my first visit--some merquez sausage links and a small pork shoulder roast.
The sausages, made with lamb and pork, were well spiced with a bit of a kick, and cooked up beautifully.
Paired with Moroccan white beans, they were delicious.
The pork shoulder was seasoned with a rub and slowly cooked to tender perfection in a clay pot (on another night)!
The fat on both meats rendered beautifully and the taste and texture of the cooked products justified the premium price.
The gentleman at the butcher counter was friendly and helpful.
While I briefly perused what appeared to be a well edited selection of wines, cheeses, olives and so on, I did not linger long enough to form much of an opinion of other offerings.
I look forward to buying some poultry items on my next visit and highly recommend the sausage and pork shoulder.

My husband and I stopped in on our little tour of southern wisconsin.
We had seen the shop featured on Wisconsin Foodie.
Bought an assortment of sausages for snacking and some fresh links to grill once we got home.
Honestly, the best thing we had was the bratwurst.
Simply the best brat I have ever eaten.
Great texture, juicy with tons of flavor.
We would make this our regular butcher if we lived in town.
We'll try a sandwich next time we come through.

This place is the bomb!
Amazing meats, sandwiches, wine, olives, and sweet treats!
The staff is very helpful, outgoing and more then willing to brainstorm party plans with you:) Starting to feel nerdy as I'm there just about every other day;)

