This is a nice wee pub that's perfectly situated on our walk home from work.
We had been eyeing it up for a while, not sure what to expect and going to other pubs instead, until we recently gave it a try.
The pub has a nice bar area, with committed (and friendly) locals and attentive staff.
The "bistro" area leaves a bit to be desired with its canteen-ish looking tables and chairs, but I guess that bit appeals more to families staying next door in the Braid Hills Hotel.
We opted to eat our dinner at the bar and it was solid, reasonably priced pub food.
I got a gigantic fish and chips for something like £8 that had well cooked fish but unfortunately under cooked chips.
For £8 though, it was a steal considering the fish alone was too much for me to finish myself.
The Man got mousakka which he thoroughly enjoyed.
Ideally, the bistro has extensive outdoor seating and some great views, so definitely worth a visit in the summer.
In the mean time, I'm pleased to have a perfectly positioned pub to grab a pint, a dram and a bite on our way home after a long week at work.

Best 'non-chippy' fish and chips.
Hands down.
I visited the Buckstone Bistro recently on a Sunday afternoon for lunch.
I had the fish and chips and they were the best I have ever had.
For reals.
(This comes from someone who when they first arrived in Scotland only ate fish and chips and drank Guinness for an entire week).
I received a large portion of fish but the fish presently differently - four or five rectangular chunks of deep fried fish.
The fish was very tender and melted in my mouth.
The batter complimented the fish well.
It looks like Buckstone Bistro has recently been refurbished.
The decor was modern and included pinks, purples and pewters.
There were many families who were also around for lunch when I visited.
They have a decent size patio outside.
I'm going to make a point in coming here for lunch on a really nice day.
Perhaps take the bus up, enjoy a sunday roast (or more fish and chips!
) and walk down the hill back into town.
I'd recommend this place if you want to 'get away' from the hustle and bustle of the city core!

