Not quite a review, as I've not managed to contact them to book a table, but they are at least now on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TukTukEdinburgh .
The web site isn't up to much just yet: http://tuktukonline.com .
I am really looking forward to eating there, hopefully soon.
(Had to give it a star rating, so have gone with a moderate '3', but note that I've not tasted any food yet!

So, I sort of feel bad to review this restaurant this early, as others have mentioned how they've only opened recently and are working out the kinks.
My friend and I went here for dinner after work on a Thursday about 2 weeks after opening and were very excited to come here after seeing the restaurant's tuk tuks wandering the streets.
First of all, it's a great location in the heart of tollcross, across from King's Theatre and conveniently next to a co-op when you want to take advantage of Tuk Tuk's BYOB policy.
The branding they've developed is very smart and makes it look like it's part of a chain.
After asking one of the waitstaff who is a school friend of the owner, he said they hope to eventually expand in this way.
The interior is very stylish but also has an old building charm.
We only discovered upon visiting the toilets that the building must have used to be a bank, as there's a huge vault door in the ladies'!
The music was also very fun, who doesn't love a bit of bollywood?
The major problem with our visit was the wait for the food.
We were seated immediately when we arrived, but because there was a large group that had sat down not long before us, the kitchen had a hard time dealing with the number of orders.
Our server continually apologised for the delay and even brought out complementary poppadoms when we asked for something because we were starving after waiting for such a long time.
I would think that once they have their service down, they would aim to bring out the tapas style dishes as they're ready, but we mostly got ours all at once as in a normal restaurant.
The food was good.
Each dish came in a perfect portion size considering one person is recommended to order 2-3 dishes.
There was this mysterious sauce that seemed to appear drizzled on most of the dishes; my friend didn't much care for it but it wasn't listed on the menu so she didn't know not to ask for it.
The dishes also came in these small metal dishes that, while stylish, were very hot to the touch!
It made it difficult if you wanted to pour a curry over rice or to pass a dish over the table to someone.
At the end of the meal, though, the bill was surprisingly affordable for the amount we ordered, though at that time they could only take cash as payment.
Luckily, it's located right next to the co-op!
I plan on going back here because I think they have a lot of potential and room to improve on this one experience.
I'm excited to see this local business grow, hopefully for the better.

OK, never heard of it until taken by friends.
Looks pretty good, friendly staff.
Food though takes it to the next level.
We had quite a few veggie and meat options.
Chicken lollipops, lamb chops, Railway lamb etc all went down well.
Tarka dal was superb as was the paneer and masala chips.
Food came reasonably quickly in tapas style dribs and drabs.
5 of us had a feast and it came to just over £70, obviously booze not included.
I will be returning.

Really enjoyed my visit here.
Indian tapas mean you can order a number of dishes.
Two of us had 5 dishes plus rice and naan which was enough to fill us up (cost £30 with tip).
Of the 5 dishes, 3 were fantastic, one pretty good and one very average (the lamb was a bit tough and the sauce contained too much ghee)  Overall though the food was good and just that bit different to your ordinary Indian restaurant fare.
I'd definitely go back.
Ecclectic decor and music makes for a good atmosphere.
I recommend booking at the weekend as it was completely full on the Saturday we visited.
BYOB which you can buy at the Co-op just next door.

Tuk Tuk is fresh, bright and new, offering a street food spin on Indian food.
Essentially, what they have on offer is tapas style Indian, so it's not a style with which you'll be entirely unfamiliar.
It's early days for the place, and I don't feel they've really found a range of dishes that will wow customers, but they're starting from a solid foundation, so have every chance to develop into a really good wee place.
Overall, we said: "Tuk Tuk is worth a visit, but I'd be surprised if you're blown away by what they have on offer.
The idea is a good one, but the quality and/or originality needs to be cranked up a notch if the place is going to put broad grins on the faces of diners.
For now, it's quietly pleasing, which is quite a good starting point.
I look forward to visiting, later in the year, to see how the menu has evolved and how they've developed their offering.

Sitting on a prominent corner opposite the Kings Theatre, Tuk Tuk Indian Street Food is an odd mix of modern minimalist marketing and traditional simple street food.
It works on a tapas-style approach - they recommend two people order between 5 and 6 dishes and work from there.
It's not licensed so BYOB is the order of the day (no corkage charge),  So, last night, when I was the lead guitarist out of the Shadows, we decided to pop in here after picking up a rather nice bottle of red on the way.
When it comes to tapas, I come over all Carol Vorderman and select random dishes from different sections without much attention to what's actually in them.
Sometimes it works and sometimes my food allergies get the better of me.
On this occasion I think it's safe to say it worked out reasonably well.
We had......
Fish cakes.
Not that great.
Yes they were shaped like cakes and had an 'aroma de la mer' but somehow the subtle flavours were lost amidst the rest.
They would have benefited from some kind of dipping sauce.
They weren't that hot either.
Lamb kebabs that could have done with a yoghurt dressing but otherwise were pretty decent.
Chilli garlic chicken.
Fantastic.
A lamb curry.
Almost as good as the chilli garlic chicken.
Hakka Chilli Paneer.
Just confusing.
Think Singapore Noodles meets Rogan Josh.
It tasted ok but somehow my senses were working overtime to comprehend what I was seeing and what I was tasting.
On the side we had rice and garlic nan, both good.
We finished off with a couple of chai teas.
So in summary, I think Tuk Tuk is probably a decent 'try me' kind of place, but I don't think there's enough here to keep me coming back for more.
Yes the bill is quite reasonable, but you've already paid for your booze and it's easy to leave that calculation off the total.
As with most tapas ventures there will inevitably be a couple of dishes that don't totally work so you have to focus on the overall appeal of the meal.

Tuk Tuk is a different sort of Indian, tapas style and set out more like a modern diner than a restaurant, there is a minimalist and bright style that works well with the street food aim.
The food is good, we had a reasonable selection of dishes (meaty and vegetarian) and sides (massala chips, nan and pickle selection) and we all left happy (and full) and it was all fairly inexpensive.
In short modern setting, good food and BYOB, what is not to like!

Popped in here last night for some impromptu food after a couple of beers at Benetts over the road and we were not disappointed.
Contemporary decor with lots of asian twists in the theme caught my interest from the outset.
Really nice roomy space with lots of seating options from tables to massive benches.
The menu is mainly tapas with options galore for veggies and vegans too, so thumbs up from the better half.
I opted for the mixed grill and dare I say it this was better than the Kebab Mahal mixed grill that was my previous bench mark.
I managed to try some of the paneer noodles, which were really tasty as were the mixed pickle jars.These are tiny little jars but packed full of flavour.
All in the 3 of us had a great meal and will be back :D   Ahh yes a side note it is BYOB so if you fancy some vino with your Pakora make sure to grab some before you turn up, if not there is a COOP and a supermarket close at hand.

It's being your own wine and/or beer with no corkage!!!
The Indian food here is great, and I really enjoy the atmosphere!
They say that every person should order 3-4 dishes but I think that's cray-cray.
Two is enough for me.
There's a youthful atmosphere that I like about this place.
It's clean, airy, with fun bright orange colours.
So very different to what I normally experience at other Indian restaurants (all of them I'm not bothered to sit in!
)  The food tastes fresh!
I ordered the railway station lamb and it came in it's own mini-pot with an abundance of spinach in the sauce.
I thought that was a nice change.
Generally when you order a curry it mentions things like peppers, spinach, etc, but you never ACTUALLY see much of vegetables in it..
It's mostly just overly oily/creamy sauce!
My group bought a few bottles of wine to bring, and once our table was cleared, we kept on drinking!
What was nice is that we never felt rushed to leave after we finished eating.
It felt like we stayed an extra hour afterwards and they didn't mind at all...  Anyways, I know when I want an Indian I will be here.
Railway Lamb get.in.ma.bellay.

I actually quite liked this place.
It's not fancy, kinda looks like it's been decorated by ikea, however for the concept of quick tapas style Indian street food you wouldn't really expect a plush decor.
I came with a group of 10, organised by me (again) to try somewhere new around the Lothian rd area and of course for their byob policy.
Always a winner at a team night out!
I wasn't sure how the menu and concept would go down for such a large group.
The waiter's suggestion of some set options for a per head cost were poo-poo'd by the blokes who wanted "their own food" so I had to ask for a bit of paper to write down everyone's 3 choices against their names so we could remember what we ordered and keep track.
Complicated or what!
The waiters were pretty patient with us thankfully.
The food turned up at different times.
Basically it arrived when it was ready.
I explained the concept of the place to the guys a million times but there were a few moans from people who didn't have their food when some had 2 dishes.
The moans stopped when everyone had at least 1 of their dishes in front of them.
The quality of the food was unquestionable though.
Very tasty!
I had mixed pakora (half of it sneakily nicked by a work buddy), butter chicken and a lamb dish with ginger.
The lamb was my favourite!
The selection of naan breads were great - soft, buttery, crispy.... No-one had any complaints with the food.
The only options that didn't go down as well as the others were the mini Indian burgers (well, what do you expect ordering a burger in an Indian restaurant!
) and some kind of cold chickpea mush on crisp things.
The 2 people who ordered that option both didn't expect it to be a cold dish and felt the menu description was completely different to what arrived.
I'd go back again but in a much smaller group.
It's far too complicated keeping track of dishes for large parties.
My control freak tendencies were pushed to the limit on this visit.
P.s.
nice, clean toilets!
With toothbrushes...!?!?

I have been eyeing this restaurant up for ages and finally got the chance to go last night and it was amazing!
Such a good selection of small Indian tapas plates ranging from £3.80-£4.90 and everything we had was delicious.
They suggested between 3-4 plates per person but myself and my friend had 6 between us and we were stuffed!
We shared the butter chicken (so tasty), the fishcakes, somosas, kebab buns (like little burgers), Garlic chicken and Aubergine and potato and everything just tasted wonderful, such good quality and tasty food.
The restaurant is BYOB as well, on wine and beer, so is great for a bigger group as will keep the costs for dinner down.
They also cater for larger groups, when we were in there was a large group of 20 and there was plenty of room.
The restaurant is large too and really well spaced out - the decor is quirky with large wooden tables and wire lampshades so it does remind you of grabbing a quick bite in an Indian train station, which I loved.
They also have Bollywood posters on the walls and Indian music playing, making the whole experience that bit more inclusive - you could forget for a minute that you were at the top of Tollcross!
The staff were also really friendly too.
This is definitely a new favourite of mine and I have been raving about it to everyone since last night.
Tasty food, great choice and lovely surroundings go!

I have been thinking about heading to the recently opened Tuk Tuk on Lothian Road for quite a while.
I had heard rumours they would come and pick you up in the Tuk Tuk if you asked nicely too!
The idea behind it is that it is more of a street food rather than your usual curry experience.
There are lots of small dishes that you can chose from and enjoy a tapas style sharing dinner (They suggest ordering 3 to 4 of the small dishes per person - perfect for sharing).
I really like the laid back décor and Bollywood posters, plus the music is great to.
It has a very happy chatty atmosphere to it which creates the right feelings for our [celebration meal.
We were all pretty hungry before entering the restaurant, and the delicious smells that hit us as we walked in meant we couldn't wait to sit down and order.
To start we decided to share the Chicken Lollipops and samosas.
The spiced wings are served on the bone and the coating of Keralan spices on the beautifully crisp exterior complimented the beautifully tender meat on the inside.
The samosas were good but I much prefer the bigger ones you get from the indian shops as they have more filling!
It was still a flavourful, moreish starter, leaving us excited for what was to come.
We ordered the Tandoori meat selection which comprised of lots of MEAT!
It's a bit more expensive at about £12 I think but has different cuts of lamb and chicken all very well cooked and really nicely seasoned which went well with our other dishes including the Chole Frankie - a wrap filled with spiced chickpeas, herbs, pickled vegetables and chutney and the Sag Paneer - creamy spinach and cubes of home-made cottage cheese.
I always order this dish everywhere we have an indian and this was one of the best I have had.
We accompanied our dishes with Pilau rice, peshwari nan and our own BYOB bottles of beer and wine.
By the end of the meal we were absolutely stuffed and very happy!
The staff were really friendly and just left us to chat - we ended up staying almost an hour after our meal without realising.
I think Tuk Tuk definitely scores highly for good food and laid-back dining, I would highly recommend it.

Controlling food spending but not managing to find a Pizza house to obtain a chickeny pizza with BBQ sauce base to scoff outdoors in the Meadows on a sunny day we found ourselves at Tuk Tuk.
First time here and had to ask if they were open as we entered there was no-one else in.
After quizzing staff on this we found out the reason it was a sunny day and everyone would be in the Meadows eating sausages or pizza, but they were booked heavily for later on.
So we had choice of any table, and had the whole restaurant to ourselves, it defo wasn't a crowded house.
Too warm to drink beer, which they don't  have anyway(only soft drinks), we were offered bottles of chilled still water, but had also brought our own bottle.
A short time later, some food arrived, so found out the washrooms were downstairs, knowing when I got back the remainder of food would be there.
Venturing into the basement was like there had previously been the perfectly cool wine cellar or old bank with plenty places to store that precious metal or paper currency?
There was three of us at Leven Street's Tuk Tuk, and they managed to satisfy our hunger pangs with lots of small variations of lamb and chickeny portions such as Chook Lollipops(tandoori style), Butter Chooks, Bun Chook Kebabs with salad leafs and Patina Lamb, that were all complimented with a variety of spicy & mint dips, in addition to rice and fries.
To give them four possibly five stars would be for creating an golden authentic styled establishment, not bowing to an inclusive mixture of other cuisines; seven dam-fine flavours and cost for three happy excited campers £25-ish.
The place is bright and quite comfortable to plant your derrière, and has Bollywood styled music to complete that Indian feeling, but simply another great 2 month old toddler that Tollcross has to offered the good folks of Edinburgh...makes me start to wonder is this now the gastronomic area of the city?
See ya soon Tuk Tuk, for another great afternoon!

Very accommodating staff in what is clearly a busy and popular establishment (rustled up two extra chairs for us no problem when they discovered the party's increased size hadn't been noted down from our secondary phonecall).
Service after we'd ordered was noticeably delayed but we put this down to the way the orders are scheduled in the kitchen.
Once the food started to arrive it was all on the table in quick succession.
No complaints about any of the numerous dishes we ordered.

I took my better half here for dinner last night for his birthday.
Tuk Tuk had been on our radar for a while but we hadn't yet got around to visiting.
As we were going to the cinema at Fountainpark in the afternoon we decided to go here after.
I totally forgot to take a photo of the food (sorry Robyn) but it looked as good as it tasted.
This super informal restaurant is home to a lovely chilled environment with nice staff and great food.
What more could you ask for?
Also, it is BYOB with free corkage, so nip next door to Scotmid, grab a cheapy bottle of wine and settle in Tuk Tuk for the evening.
The menu contains a vast array of authentic Indian street food dishes.
We order about 8 dishes to share between us, including lamb, veg and chicken, accompanied by a couple of delicious cheese naans and a roti.
I can't remember the exact dishes we ordered but everything was so full of flavour and tasty, I would recommend going there and just ordering a variety of dishes that you have no idea what they are.
My only criticism (and why I haven't given it 5 stars) was that the food wasn't hot (temperature), it was all pretty luke warm.
However, this is easily fixed and I'm sure we'll be back there again very soon.
Highly recommend it!

Had to wait FOREVER to get fed here, which didn't do much for my grumbly and unreliable tummy.
The other problem for me is that most of the food is spicy, which is a bit of an issue when you've got a sensitive gut like me (too much info?).
Despite asking the waitress for the least spicy options, what turned up still had me sweating.
I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant and the idea of street food.
We were in a group of nine people so quite a few folk ordered the set menu, which was never ending and seemed pretty good value for money.
Again, quite long waits between servings so not an ideal option if the place is really busy.
I opted for two veggie dishes and a naan bread - I think one of the dishes was a daal and the other was a potato and aubergine dish.
They were both nice, but the spice was too much for me despite the waitress saying they weren't too hot.
What can I say, I'm a wimp.
The portion sizes weren't spectacular as you'd expect from a joint that does Indian tapas, and that combo just about filled me up.
It was all just, well, okay.
I see quite a lot of folk like this place, but the combo of spice, long wait and tapas didn't really do it for me.
Maybe another visit needs to happen when less packed... Or maybe it's just not for me.
TOO MUCH SPICY SPICY!!

Great restaurant with funky decor and enough talking points to keep the most hard-pressed for conversation diners occupied.
Staff were a little off.
1 chap wasn't sure what each dish was, unable to answer questions we posed.
Another girl seemed to forget she'd handed us a menu for further orders, prompting us to get her attention.
So a bit lax in that respect.
But the fact we wanted to order more says a lot about the place.
The food is damn tasty.
Set out in a tapas-style fare, Tuk Tuk recommends a good 3 or 4 dishes per person so as to get a wide feel for the menu.
Although they don't offer much in the way of seafood, the chicken, lamb and veggie dishes they produce are flavoursome and plentiful.
I forget the names, and as the website is currently down am unable to blag it, but I would particularly recommend the chicken on the bone, cooked in lime and pickle.
And the wee veggie parcels that, as the menu says, need to be tasted to be believed.
And such good value.
We must've nailed a good 8 dishes, on top of that a roti and 2 naans, to receive a bill to the tune of £40.
The fact they are BYoB (and don't charge for corkage) is a massive help in this area.
I will certainly be back.
Thursday Curry Club will want to know of this place.
And I recommend you go too.
NOW!

Really cool decor.
Great tasting food.
Check out the lucky Mondays.
Rolled the dice and managed to get the meal for free.

All the little plates of Indian food!
Lamb on the bone with spinach, oh-eh-gee.
That kind of overshadows all the dishes in my memory, as it was so delicious.
But the channa daal, and other wee things were all delicious too.
Even the little pots of pickles with the popadoms were great (although they were small and not much pickle in each wee pot.
)  There's also a photo booth where you can take stupid photos of yourself (or beautiful ones, if you're inclined) and they'll upload directly to their FB page.
Fun times!
A bustly, busy, friendly, quick-service restaurant.
BYOB, delicious food, great fun.
I would certainly go back!

Hmmmm - I was a little disappoint ed with tuk tuk truth be told, after hearing and reading lots of great thinks I was really underwhelmed.
The service was a bith all over the place, took 5 times of asking to get some water.
The food portions for what you pay are reasonable, the cooking of the food itself I had a slight issue with.
The seasoning was either over bearing or non-existent depending on the dish.
The naan was very light and tasty but perhaps small for the price as were the rice portions.
I can see why it has and will do well but not really my kind o thing.f

The last time I visited Tuk Tuk, I was really impressed.
The food was fresh and tasty, and the concept of tapas-style Indian food was a novel concept for me.
The place was buzzing and it felt like I'd been temporarily transported from the bitter cold of Edinburgh to a Bollywood film set in Mumbai.
So I was quite excited to return for a second visit.
Alas, I was a bit disappointed.
On my second trip, we made the mistake of not booking beforehand and so had to wait for a while (15 mins) before a table was free.
We were asked to take a seat in a little room off the main restaurant, where there was another couple waiting.
Unfortunately, more people were invited into the room and it became a bit claustrophobic, however we were offered water and menus whilst we waited.
We were shown to our table, one of the canteen-style long benches.
And then it was as if we were forgotten about.
No-one came to take our order, and it was only after I signalled to one of the waiters that we were given attention.
I got the impression that there were a few senior staff who were stressed at having to manage the less experienced staff.
There seemed to be a lot of staff running around, which does on one hand add to the street-food experience the restaurant is trying to offer, but came across as being a bit disorganised.
Tuk Tuk operates on the basis of first-cooked, first-served, so our dishes trickled out over the course of ten minutes.
Unfortunately, they forgot about the mango lassi I ordered and I only received this nearer the end of the meal.
We also had to remind staff about our Indian 'snack pot' that never arrived.
The food itself, though, is great.
The butter chicken I ordered trumped any prior tikka massala I've tried and the Chicken 69 (basically chicken nuggets in a sweet sauce) was pretty tasty.
My selection of vegetable pakoras were pretty good too.
The mango lassi was worth the wait.
My only complaint food-wise was that the rice portions are a bit conservative (or maybe that's just compared to the load of rice normally served in takeaways).
Overall, we were £20 each for around 9 dishes, 2 rice and a naan (and those Indian snacks).
Staff were generally friendly but flustered.
Still, I'll probably go again, if only for another dose of that butter chicken.

Lovely indian style tapas restaurant.
My boyfriend and I went to Tuk Tuk because we didn't just want one or two indian dishes, we wanted to eat from several.
That's exactly what we got.
Busy, buzzing atmosphere was great in this BYOB spot.
A few pointers:  - MUST GET: Butter Chicken - Steer clear: Saag paneer - never has paneer been so salty and saag just like wilted spinach - BYOB: There is an off license just a few doors down on the side street.
Basic beer and very basic wine selection.
- Tapas = small plates.
All of the selections are pretty small.
We had the following and were full:  Mumbai Burgers (one burger), Samosas, Chutney, pappadom (x2), Kurkure, Sag paneer (again, skip it), raste ke biryani, butter chicken, peshwari naan, garlic naan.

Great concept, smart execution, slight yuppie smugness.

