Finally there is a bakery I can buy my favorite fresh bread every day!!
( Barbari) and the delicious middle eastern and european  pastries.
The place is cozy and welcoming.
I liked the affordable prices their fresh designed cakes.

ETHNIC BAKERY TOUR #3-ARMENIA  We were still stuffed from our brunch at Manon, but we still popped in to have a looksee...I was surprised to see French, Italian, and Greek items here as well.
The lady behind the counter was very nice and helped answer any questions we had.
We decided to try an item called Gata- baked Katafi(shredded filo dough) with a milk/cream cheese flavored filling which came with a rosewater syrup on the side.
This had an interesting taste and texture, but probably not something I'd order again.
I prefer crispy filo sheets rather than sredded filo which kinda tastes like biting into underbaked shredded wheat cereal.
Visit # 2 ...
Returned to Manan and they did some re-arranging...The Filo pastries are now nicely displayed off to the side and it looks like they added a few more selections...We also wanted to try a Lahmajoon, or what the lady refered to as Armenian Pizza, or Armenian Meat Pies.
I would desribe it as similar to a crispy baked tortilla/flatbread topped with ground meat, onions, and spices.
Not too sure of it was beef or lamb but it was pretty good.
At a dollar each, its also a steal.
We also tried a cinnamon-walnut flavored baklava which wasn't bad either.Looking forward to returning to try other treats in the future.
I just like the fact that I can experience other cultures through their food without having to leave Vegas...ALOHA!!

After our brunch @ Rambo, we went here to try some middle eastern dessert.
I only tried 3 things: Rolled baklava  Small Napoleon  And some kind of crunchy square dessert with custard inside.
It also comes with syrup you drizzle on top the verdict..
I'm pretty impressed with he baklava and square thingy.
It has the right crunch, nuttiness and sweetness in it.
The Napoleon however is ok.  Its not like Ferrara in little Italy in NY.
I'll go to the bagel cafe if I want any Napoleon fix!
But for mediterranean dessert, this is the real deal!

I was looking at their website.
The cakes looked familiar, too familiar.
The three black and white wedding cakes gave it away, Cake Boss.
I don't think He has left NJ to work at Manan.
Please Manan use pictures of your bakery's work, not others.

For right now I'm giving just an average rating as the only reason I come here is for their bread.
I live close by so it's convenient.
They do offer a wide variety of ethnic desserts.
(which I haven't tried)  Friendly staff.
I will be updating the review once I try some of the desserts.

I had read a recent review in one of the weeklies, so I made the drive to this bakery and picked up a mini Napoleon and chocolate mousse.
The Napoleon was probably a few days old as the crust was soft and there was very in the way of filling.
The chocolate mousse though was rich and delicious warranting a return visit.
Prices were very reasonable.

I LOVE the raseberry mouse and canollis.
every thing looks so yummy.
I am one about presentation.
The staff are friendly and helpful.
If you have a sweet tooth for some yummy desserts then I recomend you come to Manan Bakery!

I read some of the Yelp reviews and had Manan Bakery bookmarked for a couple of months,  Yesterday, I stopped in as I was coming back home.
The bakery is a small shop with two cases, but they are filled with delicious looking goodies.
There were many things with names I didn't recognize.
I asked the woman what some of those things were and she was happy to explain.
Instead of going with some of the newer things, I opted for two tried and true bakery goods--a chocolate mousse and a raspberry mousse.
I had the raspberry last night and it was excellent.
The light chocolate exterior that surrounds the mousse is very delicate and very tasty.
Chocolate and raspberry go so well together.
I noticed several items in the cases I'd like to try in the future, so I will  be back.

I saw the sign for this little gem several times before going in one day.
I was pleasantly surprised.
They have a nice selection of cakes and breads at incredibly affordable prices.
The desserts, admittedly I have only tried a few so far, are wonderful and not too sweet.
The fresh breads are great and they have challah, which is a great  woven egg bread.
The woman who takes care of the front of the store is lovely, helpful and friendly.
I recommend this to anyone looking for a good bakery on the west side.
Please tell a friend.
I would love to see them succeed as a small business so they will be around for a long time.

quick visit to Manan last week to satisfy a sweet tooth.
Sadly, I was let down.
Tried several items ( didn't write down the actual names so I will go with the "Americanized" names ) :  Brownie, chocolate cake, cheesecake and opera cake.
The brownie was very dense but lacking in chocolate flavor.
The cheesecake did not taste very fresh.
The opera cake was also old and the cake was very, very dry.
We didn't even try the chocolate cake.
The service was good - the lady that handled my order was very nice.
Unfortunately, none of the items I selected have me wanting to return.
pics included

We had dinner in the same shopping plaza so it would be unforgivable if we failed to purchase something at this small bakery.
The dessert that called out my name was the tea cup cappuccino mousse.
Light and delicious and best of all you can even eat the cup.

This place is awesome if you're into trying ethnic sweets.
That's my view anyways.
Upon arriving I got excellent service.
The lady that help me describe everything I asked about and some!
They have a huge selection which is great.
I'm also into trying ethnic foods, so this is a huge treat for me to be able to have such a great selection.
I've been there twice already and will probably be back if I'm in the neighborhood (it's a bit far from where a live).

Super bakery, its got the real authentic Middle Eastern breads and pastries.
5 star all the way.
The real deal.

after driving past this bakery for weeks,  finally decided to give them a shot.
Had to order cupcakes for a baby shower and the ladies were so helpful and sweet while helping me decide.
Needless to say, the cupcakes were beautiful and a HUGE success.
Love that this bakery is located very near to my home and will 100% recommend this place to everyone I know!

Pros - gave us a sample and the place looks clean.
Cons - the cakes here are very dry, the lady did not know how to explain the flavors I had questions on, they didn't welcome you when you came in, the fruit tart crust was hard.
Overall, I didn't like this place very much.
I could get cheaper slices of cake and there are moist.

Been in this place twice and so far i love every piece of cake i got with them.
Their cheesecake is to die for :) hubby loves their tart aand tiramisu and my 4 yo love their assorted cookies.
Great customer service too.
Its my fave bakery in Vegas so far!

Starting from the lahmajun and finishing with the fruit tarts.
Manan Bakery has everything.
The sweetest bakery i have been too.
I used to work next door and would always run in for a treat after work.
My favorite is the birdmilk cake.
Even now i always find myself  going back to Manan Bakery with friends and family for my sweet tooth.
They designed my friends daughters one month birthday with a beautiful traditional vanilla strawberry cake that just melted in your mouth.
Thanks Manan Bakery, i'll be seeing you guys real soon.

Just love the Tiramisu from Manan.
Every time I am there, I should get one.
Another my favorite is the the eclair.
Big fun of it.
And after expending the place looks even more professional and nice.

Armenian heaven in west side of Las Vegas.
Always fresh, good looking pastries,  bread and tasty lahmajoon.
love this place.

WOW!!!!!!!
The best bakery in town.
Pasties melt in your mouth.
I can find here my favorite strawberry shortcake.
Five star for sure.

OMG.
This place is amazing.
The pastries are delicious and the service is great.
These are the best pastries I've had since I was a little girl and I know about pastries.
I love the cream puffs, the kartoshka, the opera cake, the chocolate cake, and the breads.
Their wedding cakes and special occasion cakes are works of art.
I've never eaten one, but I've seen the photos and they are incredible.

I come here several times a week.
I found all the best pastries here.
Love this place.
5 stars for sure.

I love this bakery.
Their "Napoleon" pastry is the BEST.
Actually, everything they have is the best I have ever tried.
I gained some weight because of my small addiction to this bakery, but it is totally worth it :)

Just had the last piece of my mikado cake..I WANT MORE!!!
The best place to gain some extra weight.
Great customer service!
The young man sure knew what he was doing.
The pastry looked amazing and made me want to try every single one.
The taste was just as great, best pastry place so far!
Im going back and buying more!

Items Selected:  Red Velvet Cupcake Pistachio and Almond Macaron Crispy Napoleon Baklava Dream Cake - Walnut, Graham, Pastry Cream Bird Milk Roll - Condensed Milk, Chocolate, Yellow Cake  Described as an Armenian bakery by the lovely woman behind the counter, an encyclopedic knowledge of the country's baked goods along with those from Greece and Turkey, a Saturday afternoon visit at Manan Bakery would prove to be a rarity for me - a case of baked goods with more mystery than familiarity, and a delicious bit of education served in seven courses for a mere $14 after tax and a tip for such pleasant and patient service as I inquired about the origin, concept, and constituents of no less than a dozen items.
Playing on instincts and personal tastes but more than happy to allow the clerk to guide my hand it was with a few "standards" that I began and with the cupcake moist and dense beneath light buttercream while the baklava arrived crisp and intensely sweet the 'familiar' products would only get better from there, the macarons my pick for most Parisian-authentic in the city as a crisp bite gave way to a light crumb and filling that was ever slightly too thick, but nicely flavored and richly textured like that of Laduree at nearly half the price.
Moving on to more novel options, it was with personal interest and love for mille feuille that I ordered Manan's "crispy version" and with crisp layers divided by light cream before being rolled in fluffy icing and crunchy coconut-tinged flakes the Napoleon was not a bit soggy, just light, lovely, and perhaps the best non-traditional version I've experienced to date; an impetus for a later return to check out the 'standard' version which I'd venture to be equally delicious, particularly with seasonal fruits incorporated in the cream.
Focusing last on the two "must try" items suggested by my server, it was with the bird milk roll that I began and although good I personally found the cake to be a bit dry, my tastes instead trending toward the appropriately named "dream cake" whose Napoleon like crunchy layers of graham were divided by a lacquer of thick, nutty milk-jam while buttery crumble and light pastry cream added just enough levity to reign in the intense sweetness - a perfect complement to a good cup of coffee later that evening and something I'll absolutely return for soon, along with the Gata, Yojik, Manan Cake, Kartoshka, and Mikado...maybe the Smiling Cake, Nutella Napoleon, and Fruit Cookies as well.

Amazing place with the best customer service!!!
!yumyyyy so yummyy love your cakes very much!!!

We decided to spent last weekend in Las Vegas.
So we were looking for a really good place that locals like.
We ended up finding Manan Bakery.
WOW WOW.
I have never seen this much variety and quality, even though there are a lot of bakeries in LA.
Their products were amazing and so tasty that I bought some of the goodies to bring back toLA for my friends.
I will definitely recommend everybody to check out this little paradise called Manan Bakery.

My friend and I stopped in after eating next door and what a treat!
The display case is HUGE and full of something for everyone.
There are many European delicacies that are not seen at standard run-of-the-mill bakeries.
We ended up choosing the bird milk cake because she said we have never had anything like it, nutella cake, baklava, almond, pistachio, and caramel macarons.
We dove in to the bird milk cake first which is apparently made of sweetened condensed milk.
Who doesn't love that?
It was creamy and broke apart in my mouth similar to a tres leches without as much liquid, if that makes sense.
It was quite good and I would order it again.
The nutella, which was right next to the bird milk cake in the display ended up being almost the same, which I was slightly disappointed about.
I could not really taste the nutella in it.
The only difference really was that it was more of a mille cake with many layers.
The baklava was the best I've had!
It was DELICIOUS.
We got the cigar variety and they were perfectly crispy sticks filled with honey and nuts.
I will definitely be back for the baklava.
Lastly, they had a beautiful assortment of macarons.
My least favorite would be the caramel because there was a strong coffee taste to it.
I do not like coffee.
My favorite was the almond.
YUM!
It reminds me of the way Jergens cherry almond smells.
It was delicious.
I will definitely be back to pick up baklava and almond macarons.
Come here if you're sick of the standard bakery fare and are looking for something European.
You may find a new favorite dessert.
Thanks Manan.
See you soon!

I have always passed by this place numerous times and I finally gave it a try, my oh my!
Best decision I've ever made because I ended up loving everything!
Especially the cookies that are like $7 for 1lbs of cookies, I was skeptical about them because I don't like hard cookies but these are the softest thing ever!
As soon as I got home the cookies were gone in under 20 minutes, I kid you not.
I also bought every flavor of macarons they offer, they make it at the bakery and they are not overly sweet!
I bought extra pistachios and they were probably the best ones I've had, no joke!
After I finished eating everything, I was so tempted to drive back there for more.
If you're in the area or not, this place is a must try!

My husband and I were craving macarons but didn't feel like going to sambalatte so what did we do?
Look for places on yelp, duh lol.
Manan bakery came up and their macarons looked pretty good compared to others so we hit the road.
Once we got there I instantly started to drool!
I mean their display case is just filled with tons of goodies!
When I saw the macarons I started to feel suspicious about the place.
Why?
Because they look EXACTLY like the macarons at sambalatte!
Bought 8 of them to see if they were the same and well to satisfy our cravings.
We also needed a cake for Easter and they had some really cute ones.
there were chocolate mousse cakes and chocolate caramel.
Of course we got chocolate caramel for those who were wondering.
Service was friendly don't have any complains there.
Anyways back to the macarons...tell me why it is the same EXACT macarons from sambalatte!!!!
Now I can't help but wonder who gets it from who!
Either way I'd go to Manan since they sell it a couple cents cheaper.
As for the chocolate caramel cake it wasn't too sweet but it was flavorful except for the caramel part.
The Carmel had no flavor and was just straight icing which wasn't what I expected.

OMG everything this bakery makes is soooo wonderful!
I find myself coming back for their Lahmajoun and cheese puff pastry.
Not to mention their sweets selection.
I love their bird mil rolls and eclaires and teir fresh bread is to die for!!!
Manan has really creative flavors that are perfect both sweet tooths and everyone else!
Everything looks and tastes great and the packaging is super cute too:)))   I'd definitely recommend getting your hands on these treats :)

As usual, I tag along with my wife who has a sweet tooth.
We just happen to be in the area so an obligatory stop was inevitable.
As you come in you see that everything is there in front of you in a wide glass case.
You can see that everything is labeled along with the price.
I like the fact that the nice lady behind the counter was very polite in answering all our questions.
With so much eye candy (pun intended), you can literally just close your eyes and point in any direction.
What we or should I say the wifey ended up getting was a Waffle Basket ($3.49) and Cappuccino Mouse Cup ($3.49).
We also was given a sample of their Napoleon which we almost got but I convinced my wife not to go overboard.
So we pay and as we start making our way out, we see that on the backwall there is a boatload of assortments of Baklava.
I quickly take my wife by the hand and calmly say in a Barry White type of sexy voice, "Next time baby".
The taste?
Well, originally we were gonna bring it home and share with other family members.
Let's just say this trip to Manan never happened.
Oh, that reminds me.
As soon as this review is done, I need to go clean up the powdered sugar from the Napoleon off the dashboard.
Hopefully none of my family members are reading this review as well.
Hi mom!
Love you!
In closing, it doesnt help that this place is literally a block away from our church that we go to all the time.
I guess as long as im there to keep an eye on my wifey, we should be ok. Also make sure to take advantage of the 10 dollars for 5 deal.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #115 "Keep calm and make sure to brush your teeth"

I want this store to be closed.
Really good bye diet honestly!!!
I am so use to this kind of pastry when I was growing up I just can't stop myself.
Since a friend told me about this place I have been going there almost every day.
I promise myself to just buy one and leave but all those beautifully made cakes scream my name and end up buying more.
There baklava is one of the best in town.
And there cookies is a delight to all.
No worries vegans they also do vegan pastry upon order even when i am fating they can do the damage So I conclude this place should be closed bc it ain't helping me loose 30 pounds of excess fat.

Best macaroons in town.
But the lady at the counter had a hard time figuring out how to use my yelp offer.
She almost bought another yelp offer instead of redeeming it.

Simply put...you MUST have the crispy Napoleon.
Centrally located on Flamingo, it's a bakery to stop at!

I walked in, saw macaroons, bought them, ate them, and LOVED them.
They are so soft and flavorful.
I really like their variety of little cakes and tarts, they're really cute and I can't wait to try them.
Their mousse cups are also on point.
The mousse is very fluffy and they come in cute little dark chocolate cups.

I love this place, the cookies are fresh and delicious they bake everything in there.
In my work they beg me for these cookies :) Also I see they have cakes and other things the prices are so good too.

This place deserve 10stats not five stars.
They have great costumer Service and great pastries/cookies/cakes.
I go there all the time.
Every thing they have is so traditional.
I would recommend this place to any one who is looking for great pastries/ cakes and cookies.
Great place to get birthday cake/ wedding cake and etc.....  Great place.

Crispy Napoleon- so light, crispy and delicious!
I ordered a huge assortment of pastries and cookies and promptly started on the giant box of cookies as soon as I got in my car.
Sadly, these are not the kinds of cookies I like.
They were all SOFT, as in like a cake soft.
Cookies are supposed to be crunchy for the most part, or at least chewy, so I was very disappointed to discover that every single cookie was soft.
They also didn't have much flavor and kinda all tasted the same, even the chocolate ones.
And they weren't very sweet which some people prefer but I do not...
I ordered 2 of each kind they had in the display and took a bite out of every kind once I was in my car, hoping to find one that was at least somewhat crispy but that was not the case.
My husband doesn't eat cookies so it looks like these will all go to waste.
I'm going to try to air them out and hope they will dry up in the next couple of days before they go to the trash =(   The cupcakes tasted good but were slightly on the dry side.
I'm guessing because I went at the end of the week so hopefully next time I will get there on the day they were made.
You also can't beat the prices.
Most of the cakes and pastries were under $3 each!

You really can't go wrong here.
Make sure to ask the lady what her favorites are and she'll steer you in the right direction.
She may not be able to describe what the dessert is made of, so she'll give you a sample to try.
I don't want to embarrass myself by listing all the stuff I tried, but the things you should absolutely get: 1- Baklava - so cinnamon-y and the best I've probably had 2- Dream/Honey cake - the best thing they have...I'm sure of it.
3- Chocolate ganache - so rich and yummy 4- Spinach Perashki - puff pastry filled with spinach.
This is awesome served warm.
Don't go for the potato perashki...I got this but within two bites, it sucked any moisture out of my mouth and I just couldn't go on.
This place is awesome and deserves all 5 stars!
Plus, the prices are very fair.

Manan Bakery is one of those hidden gems.
I had seen it before, but hadn't really registered that it was more than a cake shop.
My fella and I decided to stop up for breakfast one morning this weekend, and I was really impressed.
They were missing a handful of items, namely, the Armenian meat pie that I desperately wanted to try...they weren't quite ready when we got there.
Had we not been in a hurry, we would have waited and tried one.
Next time.
Even with a few things not being ready though, they had a huge selection of cakes, cupcakes, mousse, biscotti, and more.
I chose a Nutella cake (of course I did.
) with chocolate covered hazelnuts on top.
My fella tried the baklava and a small pastry with apricot inside.
We also got a couple coffees:  I got a free cappuccino (with Yelp check in: one time only) which was tasty, considering it comes from one of those machines that does several coffee drinks in one.
My fella got a Mediterranean medium roast coffee.
The guy who helped us described it as Mediterranean espresso.
It was VERY strong, but delicious.
We put one creamer and a couple sugar packets in it to mellow it out a little bit, and enjoyed it.
So...the food was delicious.
Its so hard to find good baklava in town, and Manan has GOOD baklava.
They have several different varieties, so I can't wait to try the others.
The Nutella cake was light, sweet, and airy.
It was really delicious.
The smaller pastry that we got was good too.
Flaky crust, and sweet fruit spread inside.
Everyone was very nice, and we were able to sit outside at a little table to enjoy the cool air, before it turned into a ridiculously hot day.
I like this bakery.
I like supporting local shops, especially when they have a quality product.
Next time, I'm trying the cheesecake, and plan to buy a loaf or two of their fresh bread!
Until next time, Manan!

Everything here looked so delicious!
My friends and I were looking for a cake place nearby and found this place since it was nearby.
The lady who helped us was very sweet and helpful.
My friends and I were eyeing the strawberry cake.
We were told it was the strawberry shortcake.
So we went with that deal.
I had checked in and noticed there was a $5 off deal.
We bought that deal and even scored some candles on the house.
What a sweet lady.
The cake was a good deal also, probably because we were in Vegas?
Don't know, don't care.
In all, my friends and I were happy with our selection :)  I'd give this place 4.5 stars, but too bad I can't give a half.
Rounded up since we got a deal and some free candles lol

Many options from cakes to cookies to breads,  along with coffee and tea.
But their eastern European pastries are what keep me coming back!
Sure they have black and whites to rival those at the Bagel Cafe, and their selection of fancy cake slices matches that at Patisserie Manon, but the piroshkis and bureks are only found here, on a covered tray above the pastry case.
These treats are the best- authentic, flaky layers of pastry filled with your choice of potato, meat, spinach, or feta!
Delicious, high quality, and oh so satisfying.
The lahmajoon "Armenian pizza" mentioned in other reviews is worth a try- took mine home to heat and eat, an easy lunch when paired with a  salad.
Simple but solid flavors, adding Bulgarian feta kicked it up another level.
Grab a $5 for $10 Yelp deal while they're still up, you won't regret it.
They have daily specials, like Monday's $1 cupcakes from noon to 5PM.
If they ever have a mushroom piroshky to add to the rotation... well, I might even just move in to the apartments next door.

