I use Yelp as a guide for lots of things.
So when I recently got a photo ticket for "Failure to Stop at a Red Light"  at 12th St & Camelback (I swear I thought that yellow was going to last longer!
$280 says "WRONG!
") and the follow-up letter that I had to attend Traffic Survival School, I came here to get some guidance on which school from the MVD list I should choose.
I didn't really find what I was looking for, so I crossed my fingers and chose "Absolutely Just My Luck Traffic Survival School" and I'm glad I did.
Online registration was easy- and I even saved $5 by doing it online (prices vary, but for the Sunday class, it was the best rate I could find- $55).
They were great about immediately confirming my reservation and even sent out a reminder a day or so before the class, which was really helpful.
The location I chose, which was in Bud Crawley's Real Estate School on the corner of 16th St & Colter, was also in a really central location.
If you go, it can be a little tricky to find as it's in the back of the lot, but they have signs out to lead you there (and on a Sunday, if you just follow the other cars in the lot, you'll find it).
Having never gone to Traffic Survival School, I didn't know what to expect, but it was way better than I anticipated for having to sit in a classroom for 8 hours on a Sunday.
The teacher, Marcia, who has been an instructor for 10-1/2 years was really friendly and just overall very cool from the start.
She had us all introduce ourselves and why we were there- and I was surprised by how many other red-light tickets were in the room (maybe about half of the 25 students- a few even at my same light).
Also, just an important note...
If you do get a red light ticket, GO TO DEFENSIVE DRIVING SCHOOL!
It will save you money in the long run (and points on your license which will raise your insurance rates).
And if you haven't had any other moving violations in 24 months, you can go.
Note: Traffic Survival School & Defensive Driving School are 2 different things.
Anyway, back to the class... Marcia really made it a very interactive experience.
And even though we had to watch some ancient videos about driving safety and do some quizzes (as groups), I actually walked away having learned a lot from the class.
She was also really great about letting us take some breaks throughout the class, and we also got a lunch break.
But just don't take advantage of her, because she definitely has the boundaries she needs to keep the school's approval by MVD.
I really appreciated all of the real-life info she passed along to us (AZ is up there with the big cities in the nation for driving fatalities- and the numbers are going up sadly), as well as hearing her own personal story about what led her into this path as an instructor.
I really feel like I left the class a more-alert, less-distracted, very conscious driver.
It reminded me of how important it is to pay attention while driving (drive defensively!
), to not take stupid risks (like thinking I can clear a yellow light or take my eyes off the road for a second to change a song), and how ultimately your life is in your (and the drivers around you) hands every time you drive.
If you find yourself needing a Traffic Survival School, I would definitely recommend Marcia and Absolutely Just My Luck Traffic Survival School.

I am a red ligh runner too.
I did not want to go and was not happy about the money that came out of my savings to pay my ticket and attend class (I had another violation that did not qualify me for defensive driving school).
Marcia made the class intresting and painless.
Her cheerful demeanor was also a refreshing aspect to the class.
Definately not how I want to spend a Sunday.
Thanks for getting me through the class.

I would give this company negative stars if I could.
I called in the day before to make sure that JMLTSS had received a payment because I could not remember if I had paid them or not.
They told me to come in the next day to see if they had it on record in the computer.
It turns out they did not have a record of my payment, but they let me take the first half of the class up until lunch break.
I was told that during lunch break I could try and get a money order.
During lunch I told them that I did not have cash on me for a money order and the only thing I had was credit and this is when Jennifer, their front desk person started becoming extremely unprofessional and displaying a ghetto attitude with me because she thought I was trying to get out of paying for the class.
She suggested that I even incur fees with my bank trying to take out money via credit card  to pay for a money order.
After going back and forth with them about not thinking that a cc could be used to get a money order, I reluctantly went to the Fry's down the street to try to get a money order.I came back upset because sure enough, Fry's would not a take credit card payment for a money order.This was the last day that I had to take my traffic survival school class before my license would be suspended and I was desperate to work out a solution with them even though they were being unreasonable.
Jennifer ended up running my credit card through Paypal and I was told I could sit in for the other half of the class.
Ten minutes later they told me that they would not accept my payment because Paypal would take two days to go through and they made me leave.
They told me they would give me half credit for the class, but at this point I had already made the decision to not go back and find another tss school since my license would be suspended anyway.
This is by far the worst experience I have ever had with a company and I am by no means a confrontational person.
I felt that I got taken advantage of and I am shocked that these people run a business like this.
I took accountability for my actions, but customers should not be treated like this in any way.
I still remember Jennifer shaking her head from side to side and raising her voice at me when I was trying to work out a payment method with her.
It is my impression that Jennifer made me go through all that fully aware that I would not be able to give her a cash payment that day and that she simply wanted to seek give me the run around.
Horrible experience!!
About a week later my boyfriend drover me all the way to Stop and Go traffic survival school in Gilbert so that I could take the class again.
The instructor was friendly and I was finally able to get my ticket  taken care of.
Later on I had to dispute the credit card charge that Just My Luck did  through Paypal and I was able to get a refund.
Jennifer never acknowledged that she ever kicked me out of class .
I had to prove that she never paid me the $60.00 back, and after looking through her records she found out that this was true.
I threated to go to the Better Business Bureau to report her if she did not refund my money and she eventually paid me back by check through the mail.
Till this day I will not go back to Just My Luck Traffic Survival school.I highly recommend going elsewhere to fulfill your driving school or traffic survival school requirements.

