The gelato is delicious and very close to what you would get in Italy.
I  had the dark chocolate and it was rich and not overly sweet.
Most gelato in this country is just expensive ice cream.
The crepes were tasty but probably not the best in the city.
I also had a regular coffee here in the morning and it was quite good...better than the Coffee and Tea Leaf that is also expensive and in the Palms lobby.

I visited Chocolat while at the Palms for a concert.
The first thing that drew me in was the lovely front display.
I LOVE crepes and for me to see this place was very exciting.
I ordered the Nutella and Mascarpone crepe.
I was greeted by a lovely gentleman and the lady who appeared to be his manager.
My order was promptly taken, the gentleman also asked if I would like something to drink.
I asked for a coffee recommendation then ordered a rasberry mocha.
The manager on duty made my coffee while asking me about my visit here.
Everything tasted delicious and they brought my food out to me as a courtesy even though it isn't a "sit-down" restaurant.
The service was excellent, some things seemed a little pricey.... but then again, we are in a Vegas hotel.
Overall my experience was great and I look forward to visiting next time im at the Palms!

Hype precedes realty here at Chocolat Bistro.
Unfortunately the Las Vegas tourist TV plug doesn't help matters...
It is a good crepe by non enthusiast standards, however this is Vegas,  so giddy up and REALLY indulge at a 4 star buffet!

Had a really basic UNDERwhelming crepe here...
The crepe itself was made badly and it was filled with defrosted soggy old strawberrys...
They tried to hide the old fruit with GLOBS of Nutella...   Barf... i was really annoyed and threw it away.
REALLLY THOUGH... You dont have the decency to have Fresh Strawberrys?

A couple of times when I've scanned my players card at a kiosk at the Palms, out came a coupon for some offer at Chocolat.
One time I looked in the food court and it wasn't there so I had no idea where in the Palms this place might be.
Yesterday I parked in the east garage and as I was walking in the casino, I happened to glance to the hotel registration area and just to the right was Chocolat!
Mystery solved.
It does exist.
After playing for awhile, I decided to walk over and check it out.
I'm glad I did.
I wasn't in the mood for flatbread or a crèpe but the thought of gelato on an upper 90 degree day was enticing.
I saw on their board that they had Nutella gelato.
Well, they do and they don't.
It's one of their flavors but only in a rotating fashion and it wasn't one of the flavors yesterday.
A medium cup allows two scoops so I got one scoop of Oreo cookie and one scoop of macadamia nut.
Both were good but the macadamia nut was better.
The woman at the counter was very pleasant.
I took the gelato and sat at one of their small tables just outside the entrance.
Now that I know where Chocolat is, I'll check my offers at the kiosk and probably I'll be back for more.
The flat bread looked very interesting.
The only complaint I have is those damn little spoons they give you with gelato.
Give me a man sized spoon.
next time I go, I'll slip a plastic spoon from one of the yogurt places in my pocket and I'll be able to eat the gelato in a less genteel but more satisfying way!

We came in for the BOGO gelato Happy Hour from Sun-Thurs 3-6pm.
They were located in the Palms Casino in Las Vegas.
We sampled several flavors.
With the small 3.5 ounce cup, we could only have one flavor.
I ended up with the Amaretto Gelato and my friend had the Macadamia Nut Gelato.
We will be back!

We stopped here several times on our recent stay at the Palms.
A couple of times for Crepes and a few times for Iced Mocha's or Gelato.
The Iced Mocha's were good enough that I didn't miss Starbucks at all.
My favorite Gelato was the Macadamia Nut.
It was rich and creamy with great flavor.
In general, the Crepes were good, but the savory ones we tried were much better than the sweet.
The Portobello and Gruyere was fantastic!
Service was quick and friendly.
It is an order at the counter place and they brought the food out to everyone, so accessibility is not an issue.

What chocolate place has no chocolate?
That would be Chocolat Bistro.....  3pm & we're hankering for a snack but nothing too big since dinner was coming up soon.
Wasn't in the mood for gelato but seeing how many people are raving about it, we may have to give it a try next time  Tried to get some truffles but they were sold out of 2 of the sparse 4 varieties they carried & given the 2 available were orange or mint & chocolate - which are against my religion, as I am a chocolate purist - I passed  Apparently the items you see in their display case are NOT the items for sale.
They pull everything out of the back so while you may think something is available, it really is not  We did however luck onto their Chocolate Muffin & it was fantastic - nice deep chocolate flavor & sprinkled w/ cinnamon on top.
This was the place's only saving grace  So consider this more of a Just-OK

After watching a movie and right before having dinner at n9ne, we decided to walk around Palms and I saw a beautiful sign that read "Chocolat".
As a chocoholic, this was a trap!
Mounds upon mounds of beautiful gelato.
They serve gelato, sorbet, chocolates, crepes and pastries.
They also have savory items such as croissant sammies, savory crepes, salads, etc.
The whole time we were at Chocolat, some jerk was trying to get in the way of me and my gelato.
The guy at the counter gave me samples of pistachio, Amaretto, chocolate hazelnut and macadamia gelato.
He heard the person trying to stop me from getting dessert before dinner so he said, "you can get a small cup and split it?
" Somebody who understands, yay!
I had to get a medium cup so I can have 2 flavors: Amaretto and chocolate hazelnut...they're basically flavor cousins.
The macadamia was good too but I asked myself "if I'm going to lose my appetite because of gelato, which flavor would be worth it?
"  Amaretto was simply delicious and chocolate hazelnut was a no-brainer...eat them together and you get something magical.

The gelato here is a 2.5 out of 5 for me.
Most of the gelato I tried was icy and artificial.
I ordered half cookies n cream and half milk chocolate.
The milk chocolate had a rich flavor and tasted like milk chocolate.
The cookies n cream was artificial and icy.

Small gelato for $3.99 the size of a baby scoop.
A bit pricey but I just call it a casino, non-national-chain premium.
I got the pistachio but also sampled the spicy chocolate (a little too spicy), mixed berry (tasted like the costco smoothie), and mint chip (super minty but a bit more spearmint than peppermint).
Overall the gelato was flavorful with a smooth, creamy texture.
Also, the worker helping us was great.
He offered as many samples as we needed (for a large group) and was very patient with the orders.

Doesn't matter if you just went to the buffet or your gambling if you have a sweet tooth this is the place to stop  They have some of the best desert items I have ever had!!
Everything from melt in your mouth chocolate too creamy goodness I tried a few flavors and got a scoop of peanut butter gelato and a scoop of caramel gelato

This is a decent alternative in the morning to the cafe.
The service is slow and not the greatest.
The coffee is good.
I tried a few different types over recent stays and was happy with each.
The food is ok.
I tried the ham and egg crepe.
The flavor was just ok, but the portion was huge.
It was a good value.
This is an ok option for coffee, a quick breakfast, or a snack.

There are good crepes and there are bad crepes...
This place definitely has the good kind!!
I took mine to go and when I got to my room it was still PERFECT!
I really also love their coffee.
Just the regular ol' coffee is delicious!
Kind of a nutty flavor almost.. :]

I found the Chocolat factory folks!
:) Great friendly crew members!
Gelato is made fresh every single day in house!
You won't get that anywhere except Chocolat!
The Crepes are to die for!
Each one is made custom to order and is ready in about 5/10 minutes!
If you're feeling hungry these huge Crepes will fill up your belly no problem!
The flatbreads are big enough for two people.
Or one of me haha.
I will continue to add pictures of the great goodies that come from this place!
They seem to get new stuff in stock every week so it's always a surprise to see what they have!
Coffee is a hot Kona blend and is very rich in flavor!
My personal favorite from Chocolat is a caramel Macchiato with a Nutella and banana crepe!
For lunch or dinner I'd recommend a sausage and roasted peppers flatbread!
And most important dessert.
The Gelato is a must especially the macadamia nut!

Great service and very accommodating.
I got two small cups of gelato, milk chocolate and vanilla bean.
They're at $3.99 each which is super overpriced but then again, it's Vegas.
It was flavorful and tasted good.
I also got the mixed berry crepe and asked if he could add bananas and Nutella and he did!
It came out decent, but the mix berries weren't fresh.
That's the only thing that I didn't like.
My crepe turned our purple from the syrup the fruits were soaked in.
Overall I liked this place, and will try our their paninis and waiting on them to finish the cookies n cream gelato!

