I was in AZ on business last week and stumbled across this cafe by sheer chance.
I went 2 days in a row because the food was delish!
I had their meatloaf and Lentil Soup with sweet Italian sausage on the first day.
I went back and had the Carrot Ginger soup and treated myself to a lemon bar.
SUPERB!
The service was impeccable and the owners are very energetic and friendly.
I'm not a local but the next time I'm back in AZ, I'll be stopping by!

Great customer service.
Super friendly and out going.
Great recommendation on the chicken salad sandwich.
Best I've had in a long time.
The lentil soup was delicious and hearty.
My lady had the meatloaf sandwich which was definitely homemade and was a mammoth sized slab of meatloaf.
She had the butternut squash soup which was tasty as well.
An awesome experience overall and delicious food.
Will surely be back.
Cool artwork to check out on the walls.

Excellent sandwiches and soups.
I've had the meatloaf sandwich and the egg salad sandwich, as well as their chicken tortilla soup.
The bread is unbelievable.
It's a hard place to find, but well worth the hunt.
The staff is incredibly friendly, and overall just a great lunch spot.

Jeanie and Patty are doing something right, fun place, awesome food and great service.
The address says Ray road, but they actually face Rural Rd.
(it's on the South/East corner of Ray and Rural).
A little hard to find, but when you do, it's well worth the search!

The tuna sandwich and vegetable soup were amazing!
The place was bright and lively and the service extraordinary.
Got to meet Patty and Jeanie, the owners, too and they have a great story.
Nice spot for the local lunch club to meet.
I will be back!

I so enjoy going to Cafe Cornucopia.
The owners make all of the food, and it is so delicious.
I have literally tried everything on the menu, and have yet to find anything that I do not like.
My favorite is the soup of the day with a small Greek salad.
So refreshing and tasty!
The meatloaf sandwich is awesome, when I'm in the mood for something more substantial.
Try the potato salad as a side.
It reminded me of home in the Midwest.
The baked goods are terrific, too.
The lemon bars taste just like my mom used to make, and she was a fantastic baker.
They are on the southeast corner of Rural and Ray, on the west end of the shopping center, facing west.
Go and find them.

I work right around the corner from here I have seen many different restaurants come and go in this location so wasn't sure when I saw a sign for Cafe Cornucopia.
I probably wouldn't have checked them out had my g/f not told me how fabulous they were and wanted to meet there.
Boy, am I glad she suggested it.
Everything truly is homemade and you can taste the quality.
I was debating what to have and when I asked about the corn chowder soup, she said they didn't use cream or butter so, I wasn't sure if it would be brothy (which I didn't want).
She immediately offered to get me a sample and it was delicious!
I had the cheddar and chili quiche with a side of the corn chowder soup.
It was FABULOUS!
The soup was the perfect texture - creamy - very hot and flavorful.
The soup comes with a side of bread which was so insanely good.The quiche was the perfect texture with a nice cheesy flavor and just a hint of kick from the chilis.
My g/.f had the turkey avocado sandwich with the tomato basil soup and she said both were fabulous (and they looked it)  The service was friendly without being overbearing and you get a great vibe and can tell this is not a chain and they all really care about your experience.
I will definitely be back.

They make 500 different soups and each day they have at least 3 available but the one to really die for is their strawberry soup.
Everything there is excellent homemade quality and the staff is friendly and make you feel welcome like family.
You can get any combination of soup, sandwich, salad and quiche even if the combination you want  is not on the menu.

I have been driving by Cafe Cornucopia for months since it is right in my neighborhood.
Since I couldn't see in the windows I had no idea what I was missing.
The cafe is delightfully homey inside.
You can sit at the counter, or at a table in one of two rooms.
The Thai peanut chicken soup with sweet potatoes was amazing.
It comes with a slice of the cafe's homemade bread, which is delicious.
My husband had the asparagus quiche and the tomato basil soup, both of which were excellent.
The owners are friendly and very accommodating.
Eating at the Cornucopia Cafe is like being invited into someone's home to eat delicious home cooked food.
It's not like Grandma's though because the decor is definitely stylish and a step above what Granda's house looks like.
I am just disappointed that I didn't stop by months ago since I have been missing out on a true neighborhood gem.

Amazing sweet potato soup with pecans on top.
Fall has arrived!
Love this place!
The food is so fresh and delicious!

Fresh lemonade is incredible!
This is an exceptional lunch spot.
I can't say enough good things about the food, everything is made on premises.
The soups and quiche are just astounding.
I have lunch and then I just generally grocery shop there and take home a few more meals, I like the food so much.
The gals who run the place are absolutely hysterical.
Most of the humor verges on the NO, you didn't just say that and I spend most of my time at the bar, thinking OMG as I wolf down my fresh turkey sandwich....These ladies are funny.
You love this place for lunch and laughs, I certainly do.

I have been driving by Cafe Cornucopia for months since it is right in my neighborhood.
Since I couldn't see in the windows I had no idea what I was missing.
The cafe is delightfully homey inside.
You can sit at the counter, or at a table in one of two rooms.
The Thai peanut chicken soup with sweet potatoes was amazing.
It comes with a slice of the cafe's homemade bread, which is delicious.
My husband had the asparagus quiche and the tomato basil soup, both of which were excellent.
The owners are friendly and very accommodating.
Eating at the Cornucopia Cafe is like being invited into someone's home to eat delicious home cooked food.
It's not like Grandma's though because the decor is definitely stylish and a step above what Granda's house looks like.
I am just disappointed that I didn't stop by months ago since I have been missing out on a true neighborhood gem.

Our party of four visited on a Saturday morning.
Not a lot of breakfast choices as this appears to be more of a lunch place.
There was a quiche option that two friends enjoyed.
I was not feeling too hungry and asked for some of their home-baked bread with a bit of butter and jam.
Simple request and the bread smelled heavenly.
I asked how that sounded (since it wasn't on the menu) and the cashier replied, "not too good.
" I wasn't sure what that meant.
Still not sure.
But the bread was absolutely delicious regardless.
They had a nice selection of hot teas and one of my friends enjoyed her meatloaf sandwich immensely.
If you're in the area, you may want to try them for lunch.
The menu is a bit limited but tasty.

Amazing homemade sandwiches and soups...will remind you of grandmas!
A half sandwich and cup of soup is more than enough to fill you up.
Their homemade bread has just the right amount of sweetness and tastes more like a dessert than "bread!".
The owners and staff are very warm and friendly.

Great service!
The three women working and running the place are super friendly.
The food is all made from scratch, a definite plus!
I ordered a half turkey and cheese with avocado on whole grain wheat and a cup of broccoli cheese soup.
The bread that came with the soup was buttered and slightly sweet.
Delicious!
She ordered the meatloaf sandwich.
I had a bite.
I'm not a big fan of meatloaf, but this was good!
We both had fresh lemonades, one strawberry one tangerine.
Both great!
We split a lemon bar, yum!
We will be back no doubt!

Awesome, fresh food and great service!
Had the meatloaf sandwich with greek salad, you could smell the freshness of the  salad and sandwich and it was incredible.
The ladies working are hilarious and very friendly, I felt like I was sitting at home in my own kitchen.
Also, had the brownie that was incredible, I recommend this place, we're definitely coming back!

I'm a vegetarian, so I can only comment on those items...  Everything really is homemade and tastes like you momma just made you lunch :) The sandwich breads are always sooo fresh.
I've had the veggie and green chile sandwiches - both were good.
The soups are great - and they aways have a veggie broth based option.
The teas/lemonades are fantastic as well.
Lunch is a bit pricey...I typically spend about $10-12 - but I'd say it's worth it.

Quality food indeed.
I ordered the 1/2 sandwich cup of soup special  The sandwich was a warm one with applewood smoked ham, melted jack cheese, mild hatch green chile, cucumber, tomato, Dijon mustard, and mayo on on a marbled rye bread.
The soup was roasted garlic.
It wasn't overly thick, and had a great taste.
They also give you a slice of awesome fresh back bread.
I also ordered the tangerine lemonade and a glass of water.
The lemonade was amazing and the water was definitely filtered.
The food and the service were great.
The only downside of this place is that they are not set up to get you through the line quickly.
They hand write orders and if there are a few people in front of you it takes a few minutes to order.
They don't rush anyone and offer samples.
Which is great I only offer this up for full disclosure in case time is an issue.
The place us not cheap either.
I spent $15 on lunch because the lemonade was $3.25.
I didn't mind because it is definitely quality food and tasted wonderful.
It was more than I planned on spending though.
They knew a lot of the names of the customers so it obviously the care and get quite a few repeat customers.

Everything they make is amazing!!
From their green chili quiche to their blueberry scones.
They even catered our Thanksgiving dinner.
The service is like no other.
I recommend this place and we eat there often.

I love this place!!
They make everything from scratch.
The meatloaf sandwich is my favorite and you have to try the potato salad, it's amazing!

Took my 6 year old to urgent care next door to this place.
I saw the owners bring the secretary a lunch so I asked her about it.
I'm so glad I went there!
My boyfriend and I got a to go order(meatloaf sandwich, turkey, cheese, and avocado sandwich, and butternut squash soup).
The lady(I assume owner) brought the order to me and talked to my son(with his broken wrist).
She played the gimme 5, up high, down low, too slow game with him and then have him a DELICIOUS chocolate chip cookie!
I was driving home I reached in and pulled out the buttered bread that came with the soup.
It was the best bread I have ever tasted!
I live 25 minutes from there, but have to make more trips to the urgent care for my sons injury!
I can't wait to go back there!
I really want to try everything there!
I wonder if they can sell me a whole loaf of their bread??!!

Very good home cooked food; prepared with care by a very friendly "mom & pop" type team.
The location is tricky to find off of Rural South of Ray on the East side of the road.

Hard to beat the homemade goodness coming out of this place.
I've had every sandwich and several of the soups and quiches.
Nothing I've eaten here has been short of excellent.
I absolutely love the piece of bread that comes with the soup, just wish it was bigger.
Favorites:  Chile Jack and meatloaf sandwiches

I had been to the original restaurant in Bisbee and just loved it.
I was happy that the owners decided to move north and open in Tempe.
Everyday/week they change their menu.
Its homemade, delicious, and fresh.

I had the quiche today (broccoli) and it was excellent.
Next time I want to try the green chile quiche, but the sandwiches also sounded amazing.
I wish they were open on weekends because I don't work in the area.
Today they had a fresh squeezed tangerine lemonade which was the perfect blend of sweet and tangy.
The service was friendly.
They made me feel comfortable the moment I walked in because I wasn't sure where to order.
This is the perfect local place to support.

I love to find a locally own restaurant.
Nothing beats it!
The owners of this delightful cafe are friendly and kind, as well as great cooks!
The food is amazing.
I have loved everything I've had there, from the quiche to the soup to the delicious lemonades, and for a treat, the scones.
Highly recommended!

Sometimes you want to be where everybody knows your name  Super homemade food w awesome staff.
Great local flavor

If I could give this place 10 stars I would.
It's refreshing to dine at a restaurant that is 100% homemade.
The meatloaf sandwich is the best meatloaf sandwich you'll ever eat.
Their soup is equally good and served with a slice of homemade bread.
From what I see there's not a wrong choice on the menu.
Give this place try, you won't be sorry.
Oh and don't forget the lemon bar!

Cheers!
It IS where the owners know your name!
And we go both 'cause they do (and also, the entertainment is free!
) and the food, you can't beat!
Homemade, from scratch.......mmmm good.
Haven't had a thing I don't like, and I have recently accompanied it with the fresh squeezed tangerine or strawberry lemonade.
This luncheonette is amazing!
Patti and Jeannie you guys are THE best!
Keep up the good work!

Super Duper  "Souper" with a sandwich, quiche  or salad.
Don't look for it on Ray, or you will miss it!
It faces Rural.
The sad news is that they are not opened on the weekends.
We asked if we could buy a loaf of their bread and learned that you have to order it a day ahead.
One of the owners followed us out after we had our lunch and introduced herself, and said that the day was almost over and she had two loafs left if we wanted it.
You bet!
She told us that it is made without preservatives, and so three days was it's shelf life.
Yeah..like it will last that long with us!
Love it!
I loved the counter service, takes ya back to the days when you were a kid and had lunch at your local soda jerk drug store.
It gives you a feeling of neighborhood friendliness.
It will be our new place to go, for great food, and friendly atmosphere.

What a gem.
And to think I've been by here a thousand times and didn't take the time to investigate.
Well, today was the day, and boy, was it sure good!
Very "down homey" food that left me feeling completely satisfied when I was finished.
The meatloaf sandwich was way better than I expected, as was the chili and the tangerine lemonade.
Looking forward to trying the wonderful-looking sweets.

Not a 5 star experience for me - the greek salad and meatloaf sandwich i ordered were average (zero culinary expertise with either of these) and it was  pricey!!
The bread that came with the salad was good, as was the cookie , but I can not see myself coming back here.
Not a neighborhood 'gem' for me.

Delicious!
Had the turkey and avocado sandwich (which is huge!
) and the tomato soup.
Both were fantastic.
The owner immediately greeted us and let us know she could make anything special for our kids so we opted for a yummy grilled cheese.
Great people and great fresh food!

The ladies who run this place are fantastic.
Great with names and faces, even better with quiche and desserts!
Lunch specials could have slightly better pricing, but homemade food like mom used to make isn't cheap these days.

Wonderful place to eat !
The food is amazing and the staff is a delight.
A must try !

Followed the other reviews on Yelp and so glad we did!!!
The food was fresh and full of flavor...yum!
Meatloaf sandwich was better than moms, soup was delicious too!
Finished up with homemade cookies.
The owner was welcoming and very kind.
Highly recommend this place.

What can I say?
I love this place!
Real good food made with care and love.
The soups and quiches are always fantastic, and the bread served as a side is dense and sweet and delicious.
The sandwiches are the weakest point in the menu, but that's like saying the lock is the weak point in safe.
In other words, they're really good too.
Daily specials offset the small regular menu, so there's always something new to try.
And be sure to try the tangerine lemonade.
Soooo good.

If you haven't been - Go!!
Everything is great!!
From their homeade simple salad dressing to the lemon squares!!
Both I can't live without!!
Jeanie & Patty make this place THE place to lunch at!
Their memory for names is outstanding too!!
The only bad part is they aren't open longer & more - but they need a (happy) life too!!
Love this place!

Overall this place is definitely home style which is a plus.
Food is good but not outstanding.
I got the greek salad and since it had no meat in it i added chicken so it cost me over $12 and I was still hungry after (more of a side salad really).
In another visit i had the Meatloaf sandwich which was good and the homemade bread they give you on the side with some of the meals is tasty as well.
The major issue is its pricey for want you get, otherwise would be a higher rating.

This place is wonderful!
Food is always fresh and delicious.
We come here at least 3 times a week for lunch and are never disappointed.
The soups are to die for and they have the best lemon bar I have ever had!
Best part is the owners...they are so sweet and make a point to know all their customers!

Had the chicken tortilla soup and it was wonderful!
Also had the meatloaf sandwich, which was very good, but didn't think it was something to rave about.
The bread was outstanding.
A little pricey for lunch, but well worth going to on occasion.
Staff was friendly and very helpful.
I like this place a lot.
Will definitely go back and try other menu items.

We found Cafe Cornucopia on yelp and had am amazing lunch.
I ordered the Greek salad.
The romaine lettuce was so fresh and crisp and the salad had a delicious lemon dressing.
They gave both my husband and I a sample of the sous.. DE-lish.
Will go back to Phoenix from Tucson just to have lunch here again

