Earlier this week, I discovered the Buyback$ location on Sahara and Decatur (which was pretty awesome but that's another review) and the gentleman behind the counter informed me they had a new location open up that very day in the shopping center in front of the Galleria Mall that was even larger than the Sahara location.
He did initially tell me that it was in a former DSW Shoe Store and those are MASSIVE, but it was actually in a former Zappo's, which is actually still pretty big.
Much like the Buyback$ on Sahara and Decatur, this place is mainly about MOVIES and VIDEO GAMES.
It is incredible how much media they have crammed into that store.
I was particularly impressed by the collection of Playstation 1 games they had on display and for a VERY reasonable price.
I ended up picking up a game from 1998 called "Nitrous Oxide" that has an awesome soundtrack by Crystal Method for $3.99.
Totally awesome!
There's a few racks along the walls loaded with DVDs that are all $1.99.
I was low on time so I didn't get a chance to scour through them too much, but I was impressed!
It seemed like a good mixture of primarily action, comedy and horror flicks from the 1990s to the mid-2000s.
Although the music section is quite small compared to the other two sections, I found it to be pretty dang good.
I picked up Green Day's "Nimrod" for $1.99, Outkast's "Aquemini" for $3.99 and I nearly nabbed Linkin Park's "Hybrid Theory" for $1.99, but I ended up putting it back.
Some of the albums could be found for cheaper on Amazon.com or Half.com, but that's usually the case with any used record store.
Overall, this is an AWESOME new edition to the Vegas valley.
Glad to see that Zia Records isn't the only name in the game, although I love them as well.

REVIEW #50!
Ahh so this is where used DVDs, cds and video games end up!
This huge place has a large inventory of newer movie titles in DVDs and an eclectic selection of older DVDs &  VHS tapes.
There are also some vintage video games like Gameboy games as well.
The cashier I spoke to said this store opened a week ago.
I came across this place after having lunch at the new macaroni restaurant next door.
As you enter there is a bargain bin.
From what I saw the main area had DVDs in center, VHS tapes along back wall, the games towards the front and music CDs along back wall.
There is a display case also that had video game consoles and accessories.
Most DVD were under $4.99 some were as cheap as $1.99!
Some newer titles seemed priced at retail price though.
There were TV series sets also some as low as $3.99!
Everything is sorted alphabetically.
So you'll spend alot of time going thru the aisles if you are looking for a dvd.
The store had a slight musty dusty smell to the place but other than that it's clean, bright and spacious.
Staff was friendly.
You can bring in old DVDs, VHS, CD tapes, video games and consoles and get paid cash for it.
I'll try that next time.
And for those of you who like to post pix to social media sites..snap a photo and post it online and show what you posted to cashier to get a discount off your purchase.
Came out of this place with a bunch of vids for dirt cheap!

We knew a long time that they were opening another location in town but the employees at the Decatur location wouldn't tell us where.
Maybe when we were asking, the location wasn't for certain.
Either way, I wasn't sure about this location at first.
I felt like I was cheating on the one at Decatur.
However, this store is much, much bigger and definitely has more stock.
There are just racks and racks of blu rays, DVDs, and games galore.
Always only gently used and mostly in great condition.
Selections from kids, family, old classics to new releases.
There is even a VHS section and CD section.
You can't go wrong with the place.
One visit we scored a gently used XBOX 360 controller for less than $25!
If that is not a steal, then I do not know what one is!
There are just racks and racks of blu rays, DVDs, and games galore.
Always only gently used and mostly in great condition.
Selections from kids, family, old classics to new releases.
There is even a VHS section and CD section.
You can't go wrong with the place.
The employees aren't super friendly but they aren't rude either.
Mostly teenagers, so you can't expect the most or best.
However, when I was trying to add this location to Yelp so I could finally check in they were very helpful with giving me the address and phone number and such.
I think the only thing that throws me off about the service is when I ask if they have a movie or game in stock, it is either "I think so" or "There was one out there yesterday".
I expect a little more, like look in your system and tell me if you are showing one in stock.
I KNOW they have the capabilities to do that.
But due to location of this shop and my last experience at the Decatur store I think this is our new BuyBack$ spot.
If you aren't looking to buy but want to sell some items, they do that too.

I'm not a fan of used media stores.
As a serious movie buff, I always go into places like this with high hopes, thinking I can score a rare find or a blu-ray for a great deal.
Alas, that never happens.
Know your prices before you go, I didn't see any deals at all.
The place still sells VHS video tapes (and for super cheap), although I don't know anyone who still owns a VCR to play them.
The store space is just too big and as a result, the shelves look empty and sad.
And how many copies of 'Bridesmaids' on DVD does one place need?
Yawn.

In a town that doesn't have many used media stores, this is one of the best.
They have a great selection of mostly used blu-rays, dvds, video games and cds and their prices are among the lowest I've seen.
On several different occasions, I have stopped by this store looking for one thing and ended up with something completely different.
The film selection changes pretty frequently and most movies or shows can be purchased for under $20.
This is the best store in Vegas for new releases, often having multiple used copies of a movie within days of home release.
They also have a great selection of $1 dvds that puts Redbox to shame.
Next time you are looking to buy a particular a movie in Las Vegas, try checking here first.
If they have it, you won't find it cheaper anywhere else.

Awesome place to buy used media.
I have one gripe about BuyBack$ though.
The prices seemed to have gone up on their inventory.
When we first visited the one in Henderson, we were pleased with the prices of both the blu rays and console games.
Most of all their 3D prices on blu ray.
They were priced insanely cheap!
Now when we visit, I see the same movies and games priced higher.
I don't know if we just picked good buys before, but this time around we were not as excited.
I was able to get a used copy of God of War: Ascension Collector's Edition for less than $40 before, now when I see it in stock, its $75!
Make sure when you go you can check the prices online so you know you are getting a good deal.

Buybacks, how I love thee!
I love this location in particular because of their amazing $1 CD section.
Some people collect vinyl records.
I never grew up with a record player so I never got into that, but I LOVE me some CDs!
The dollar section definitely requires some digging, but what's pleasure without a little pain?
Ha.
For ONE whole dollar, I have found rare gems, old loves, and even take a risk on artists that I've never heard because it's a dollar I'm gambling.
There are also a number of deals that change daily/weekly.
Some of these include:  _10% off your entire purchase if you check in.
_$0.49 CDs!
_10 (of the dollar) CDs for $5!
Making them only 50cents each.
_Buy 3, get 1 free!
(of anything in the store) And countless other ones on DVDs, game consoles, etc.
Their customer service is top notch.
Everyone is extremely friendly and will help you out as best as they can.
Usually when stores offer BOGO deals, they cross off the cheaper item.
At Buybacks, they do their best to do the opposite!
Say you got one CD for $5 and the other for $3, they would give you the $5 CD for free!
After working at the library for almost 8 years, I can definitely appreciate their alphabetical order layout, allowing you to search for particular artists with ease.
This is definitely a browser store though.
Don't go here expecting to find specific items, instead, hope to be pleasantly surprised that you're walking out with 10 items.
THANK YOU, BUYBACKS!

I LOVE THIS PLACE.
It's a DVD collector's heaven.
This is a great place to go when you're trying to locate your favorite movie in stores and can't seem to find it OR if you don't feel like paying the full price for a movie (who really does?).
Just a friendly tip though - don't think you can walk out of here empty-handed.
YOU WILL FIND SOMETHING YOU WANT whether it be that movie you've been searching months for or one of your forgotten favorite movie you just so happened to stumble upon.
This store has a wide selection of movies both regular DVDs and Blu-Ray along with CDs, video games, video game consoles and VHS tapes.
You really can't go wrong here.
I've actually manage to almost complete my Iron Man series (I still have to snag the 3rd one) along with my Fast n Furious collection.
I even increased my Disney movies through here.
I try to limit myself here because if I came here as much as I want to - I would have no money.

Very good selection but very poor customer service.
It's like going to the DMV, where you have all these workers, yet only one is at the register.

Pretty cool spot where you can buy previously viewed DVDS/ VIDEO GAMES.
They have a few systems but not a  ton.
My favorite thing about this place was the selection of  Nintendo DS games for a reasonable price.
It seems a bit more affordable then game stop.
My only issue was the customer service was LACKING.
The people working there just didn't seem happy to be there at all.
I barely got spoken to or even a smile!
I used to work at a Video store and let me tell you the customers I came across were so much fun because it's always a BLAST talking to people about their entertainment tastes.
Maybe it was a off day but I wasn't Wowed but I did enjoy the buy 3 get one free deal!!

Advice to everyone , always check your receipt , when you sell them anything always make sure you count how much you bring in and how much the receipt says you brought in, sometimes they tend to keep people stuff for themselfs.

Ok I went in and immediately held my nose because it smells like feet in here VERY strongly!
I walked in and held my nose for about 30 seconds to see the prices of things.
It seemed reasonably priced but I thought to myself "why should I have to cover my nose in a store?
This is ridiculous" and then I walked out.
Stinky smelly raunchy disgusting gym locker funk feet!
Ew!

This is a nice place to browse the shelves for used DVDs, CDs, Games and even VHS movies that many people still have.
The store is near the Walgreens, across the parking lot of Macys  near the Galleria Mall, but may be a little hard to find since the windows are tinted and you can't see if there is people inside from the outside.
I doubt there will ever be a retro resurgence of people falling back to collect VHS tapes because??????
not sure......(they want to rewind, watch poor quality picture or pull out jammed VHS tape from their VCR).
Collectors have gone back to LP records for obvious reasons, but very doubtful that VHS tape will ever make a comeback.
The inventory seems to change quite often here and some visits you finds some good stuff and others times not as much.
The prices are very reasonable and if you can find 10 in the specials DVDs section it's only $15.
I would rather purchase DVDs, but the selection is so much better in the VHS section that I find myself buying from there quite often.
Most VHS tapes are 25 cents to a few dollars each so it won't break the bank and I play them in my garage VCR so it's cool to pop in a tape and change your oil or whatever.
The service here is good, I really don't need a long social interaction with the clerks, so plop the stuff down, they ring it up and you are out the door.
The best part is they don't Razz you for buying old outdated movies on VHS for a quarter.
Ha ha!

