Still the same Barro's I loved in Mesa.
This one was big, and had a lot of tables.
It was very busy, which is not a surprise.
The only flaw I saw in the whole place is that the soda machine is past the cash registers.
So people paying/picking up and people going to refill drinks keep crossing paths.
A place that busy, it was kind of annoying.
Pizza was as good as I expected.

great pizza, great atmosphere.

Always the same great food and drinks.
Been going to Barros pizza since the late 80's.
still the best pizza and wings available

Good prices and pizza but this place is so understaffed for the lunch time rush the line goes out the door.
There is only one girl working and one dude cooking.
Place is filthy with dirty plates on every table.
Its gotta suck to work here.

Ordered the chicken supreme thin crust and it was okay.
It didn't really look like thin crust and it was kind of soggy.
They do put a lot of topping on it, but I would have rather gotten the thin crust at dominos.

One of my favorite pizza places.
I always get a pepperoni and pineapple pizza with ranch on the side.
It's awesome.
Always friendly staff too!

Far better pizza than any other around.
For the same price as the Paps John's and Domino's too.

What happened?
Ever since the move it's been downhill.
1 girl working the register., and 1 cook in back.
They have a line out the door, but severly understaffed to handle it.
The pizza is still good, but good luck finding a clean table to eat it on.

Tables are always dirty and sticky, pizza is good but hit or miss most of the time.
To much inconsistency to come back.
I'd rather eat costco where I know it will be good every time.
Looks like this place used to be better.

Have eaten here or ordered from here religiously  Place is consistently good.
24 bone in or bone out wings deal with an XL 1 topping pizza is a quick and delicious meal for you and your pals!
I have gotten their medium one topping only $9.48 +tax which is perfect for just the two of us, its always hot, delicious, a bit greasy(which makes it good) and has the best cheese, to bread, to meat, to crust ratio out of any pizza I have had.
By far this place is great for a quick slice, a meal, or for some party food while the game is on.

I've always loved Barro's pizza but I hardly ever order it because I know if I did I would eat all of it in one sitting (one of the downsides/perks to living alone).
Then one day one of my coworkers brought in a little box and said they have lunch specials where you can get just a slice!
I decided to check it out on my lunch a few days later.
Unfortunately they stop serving the pizza by the slice at 3:00 and I got there around 4 so I decided since I was there I might as well just get a small pizza and then share with my coworkers.
The wait for it wasn't too long, about 10-15 minutes and I think it was only around $7 or so.
About the same as you'd pay for a lunch anywhere else.
It was hot, cheesy, melty, gooey, and delicious.
I still want to try to get there for a slice one of these days but I mean really any form Barro's pizza comes in you know it's going to be delicious.

The cheese pizza was so salty it was inedible.
I have to think something has changed or the accidentally dropped the salt shaker on this one.
Please check the sodium content on your ingredients Barro's.
I hope your reading your reviews and taking this stuff to heart.
We have loved supporting this business for the last 10 years+.

Look, it's by no means "chicago-style" pizza, but hey, it's excellent pizza.
They get all the ingredients right, resulting in a damn good slice.
And $4.50 for two slices is excellent.
Never a wait, interesting toppings for the walk up slices.
Great place to stop in for a slice, 5 stars

Loved Barros old recipe.
Sauce and crust is different.
Staff very nice every time.
Just so much crust.

