I really like this place.
Al was really helpful in helping me pick out a guitar.
I got  a unique guitar that I am excited to learn on.
Can't wait for my first lesson.

Great experience.
They have a diverse selection of newer and vintage guitars and the owners are knowledgeable and helpful.

This is the Anti-Guitar Center.
I've bought two guitars from Guitar Pickers and was totally satisfied both times.
Good prices great service and they take the time to see that the instruments are perfectly set up.
And you know you're buying from a true guitar lover.

I found this store on yelp and checked it out today.
This is a great shop if you are looking for high end guitars.
They have a pretty good selection of vintage stuff and I even saw a few pre-CBS fenders.
And contrary to the earlier reviewer, I am in fact a real customer.
Prices seemed fair and they will even negotiate with you.
The owner was very nice and engaging.
I will definitely be coming back to this shop to do more business.
We need more places like this in Scottsdale.

I completely agree with a few posters above...
This place is way OVER PRICED.
Also, all the SPAM ON CRAIGSLIST is getting kind of ridiculous.
The worst part about my multiple experiences at this place is the way I'm treated by the owner, Al Lieberman.
He's very cocky and acts like his $%!T doesn't stink.
But let me tell you, it sure does.
Today he argued with me about a price difference in what the market value of a used Gibson J-45 with a CRACK!
Anyway, don't support a business that looks down upon its customers, sells over priced instruments, and treats them terribly.
Al, I will never return to your store ever again.
-Adam

Small store with lots of vintage guitars and a few new ones at a variety of price points.
We came in to do some tire kicking and the owner introduced himself and let us pluck away.
I didn't end up buying anything, but appreciated the owners attention when we needed or wanted it, a useful guitar resource for the neighborhood.

This place was incredible!
The owner was helpful and polite so I don't know what the guys below me are talking about.
Got a great deal on a guitar and Sherlin is a magic man with guitars.
I will be taking all my guitars to him to get set-up from now on.
Keep it up guys this place is awesome!

Based on the fact that these people can't follow the simple rules of Craigslist for not spamming with dozens and dozens of ads every day, I would not trust them.

