Love going here late night.
Great service.
I've been going here for the past 6 years whenever I have a late night craving.
Friendly customer service.
I enjoy carne asada fries the most from here.
I have tried other menu items and they are good as well.

I love a Mexican food place with no pretenses and a $3 set of taquitos.
I was starved before my nail appointment at Polished next door, so I stopped in for a quick bite.
I ordered the taquitos with the guacamole topping them, and let me tell you, that guacamole might have had some crack cocaine in it because it was so good.
It wasn't like traditional guacamoles--a touch more spice and I might even venture to call it an avocado dip vs. a guacamole.
But I still liked it.
I also liked their little drink machine.
I had some kind of Hawaiian Punch magical red drink that I adored, despite its sugar and red-40 contents.
I don't know if I would return based on its distance from where I live, but it is 24 hours and has a easy breezy simple vibe that is great for food emergencies such as this.

In love with this place and everything I've eaten there.
Green salsa is AMAZING!
Breakfast burritos are top notch.
Lunch and dinner are just as good.

Being from San Diego, I definitely have a good eye for taco shops.
I've been hitting up another taco shop near this location at lunch and was just OK with their food.
After coming to Don Tortaco, i doubt I will ever go back to the other spot.
Their California burrito is a proper Cali burrito (although i recommend adding guacamole and removing pico), their tortillas are bomb and their spicy carrots are actually spicy and tender.
Hot sauce is good.
Overall, this place is exactly what I'm looking for in a local taco shop who can make carne and other items just like home.

They're good for a late night fix, but it's isn't anything out of the ordinary here in Vegas.
The food is average as well as the service.
It's good, but not great.

grimey but delicious.

It's quick and cheap but it's also tasteless.
I got the carne asada taco and the 3 rolled chicken tacos with guac.
How can something this bland be called Mexican.
The rolled tacos were worse than the frozen ones you get in the supermarket.
Totally tasteless.
I'll go to Taco Bell right next door next time!

Affordable meals, Chorizo and egg Breakfeast burrito is awesome, Love the Carne Asada, and Chimichanga's are huge.
Sorry Roberto's, I found a new taco shop.

The shredded beef chimichanga was awesome!
I will bring my whole family back here.
I am so excited to have found this place.
They even have chicken nuggets on the menu for those picky toddler eaters.

Go about 1250 feet south and you'll find a Roberto's that is miles better.

Decent for late night eats.
Good prices with everything under $10.
Open 24 hours!
Reminds of SD style taquerias more than Norcal ones.
Rolled tacos (taquitos) and carne asada fries lace the menu.
You can get pretty much everything topped with yellow cheese.
Would've preferred queso fresco.
Carne asada fries ($10), were just ok.
It's really hard to top SD's carne asada.
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/don-tortaco-las-vegas-2?select=rmf0QtLhfAWP3UZfYGmv9g#rmf0QtLhfAWP3UZfYGmv9g)  I got a lengua, adobada, and a fish taco ($7).
The fish was a fishstick.
First time having adobada (pork marinated in red chili sauce) kinda reminded me of al pastor.
The lengua was pretty gamey, even for me.
Free refills on drinks, washed it down with a horchata/jamaica/sprite mix.
Still couldn't get all the gaminess from the lengua out.
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/don-tortaco-las-vegas-2?select=X7KzJ5Y-pXoXw6oTurmkUQ#X7KzJ5Y-pXoXw6oTurmkUQ)  2.5 but rounding up since I didn't get the runs the next day.

It was pretty good !
The carne asada plate was bomb...
The meat could have been a little bit more tender but not bad at all..
I are everything lol.. And it's open all might I'll come back sometime when I'm near by

The cooks must have not been on there A game,  The carne asada burrito tasted undercooked and the meat didn't taste good almost tasted like it's been sitting there for a day, I admit the burrito is decent in size portion in which most people may not eat the whole thing,  The prices our decent, not too expensive and not too cheap,  We also had a bean burrito which honestly looked disgusting but who cares,  goes in one hole comes out they other ;)   However this place gave me and my friend the runs don't know if it was the carne asada burrito or the bean burrito  Which had us feeling disgusting, avoid this place  Your better off eating at chile verde or faustos

Really like their sausage breakfast burrito and nachos.
My husband loves their carne asada nachos.
Good service, good food, reasonable prices too.

My go-to place for breakfast burritos.
I call ahead for two breakfast burritos with just eggs and potatoes and its ready when I get there in about 5-10 min.
Almost too much to eat, but after a hard morning workout it really hits the spot.
Staff is friendly, too.
Definitely recommend this place.

Here's my review when it was called Roberto's (why?
'cause it's the same place with a different name and I don't feel like writing something new):  How does this chain place still retain such a local feel?
Allow me to count the ways:  --  the people working here try talking to me in Spanish (I applaud the effort) and then abruptly stop when I give them my "I don't understand" look.
--  each store is set up a little differently: meaning some locations look grungier than others.
--  the inconsistency of the food makes you believe they are actually cooking.
--  there is no dollar menu, volcano taco, or mascot to promote their food.
Overall, Roberto's deserves a 3.5 star, but I have to round them down (even though they've filled my belly many a time in the wee hours of the night) since the stuff I order is totally greasy and unhealthy and my heart just won't allow to give them four.
*thump thump, thump thump*

