2.5 stars It's one of those hole in the walls where you feel really bad about yourself after.
1) The food reminds you how fat you are and 2) the flies in the restaurant has probably touched your food already and you know that it's a fact that flies like to touch poop too.
I tried the chicken torta at this site and it was edible.
The sandwich consisted of boiled chicken and a lot of creamy stuff sandwiched between two loaves of Mexican (?
) bread.
It's one of those things I probably won't recommend to my friends but I'd secretly eat it when I'm alone.
The additional 0.5 stars is for their spicy pickled carrots.
Because of its crispy and crunchy nature, it seemed like a fresh batch.
These pickles definitely made the chicken torta more edible.
Actually, it was like I was eating pickled carrots with a side of chicken torta!
Haha!

NO!!
BAD ROBERTO!!
We should not have eaten here.
There are many good or at least decent Roberts' in Las Vegas.
This is possibly the worst i have been to.
There were no customers, no music playing and no employees at first.
One guy was on the phone, talking to a friend in Spanish and gave me the hand guesture to wait a minute... then must have assumed that I do not understand Spanish, as he carried on his inappropriate conversation.
The food was bland and boring.
HOW DO YOU F UP BURRITO'S??
I miss the place that was here :(

It is close by.
To me it tastes the same as the other locations They get it done fast..

Friendly staff and fast service.
Carne asada super nachos are awesome!

ROBERTOS TACOS!!!!!!!
Enough said.... .... .... .... .... ... ... ... Lol just kidding.
But seriously is there anything more amazing than Roberto's on a Saturday night after partying and drinking and it's 3am and your hungry?!
No there's not.
Carne asana fries or carne asana burrito with everything and add a lil sour cream I AM THERE!!!!!
Freaking delicious :)))   But be careful this place packs some really juicy limes just ask my brother who was the target.
Lime juiced right in the eyeball ouch!
Sorry bro!

Food was horrible.
Absolutely horrible.
Everything was salty down to the beans.
How do you manage that?
Ordered 4 different plates and all were salty.
Chorizo was the saltiest out of all.
Also they messed up our order by shorting us one.
We came back and they just laughed.
Very bad customer service.
Will never go there again.

