Perfect environment for a team or coach/player.
The facility is new and well kept.
The owner is easy to work with and always willing to reserve a cage or accomodate us in any way we ask.
They have some of the best private coaches for both softball and baseball in the valley.
We bring our softball team here all the time and they are so good to all of the girls, they even provide a free ping pong table to keep the girls entertained while it is not their turn(that is huge for eight year olds!).
I personally bring both my daughters and nephews here often.
The rates are cheap and the machines work great

The husband and I wanted to work on my swing for our slow pitched softball team since it was raining.
We looked up indoor batting cages and this was the nearest location to us.
PLUS they have a coupon for $5 off for an hour, which is usually $25.
It was tucked in the corner of all the other buildings which made it hard to find at first.
There was plenty of parking which was nice.
We called ahead and reserved a cage just in case it was busy.
They had no problems with us making reservations for an hour.
We first walked in and a nice woman greeted us.
You pay before they take you to your cage, when I showed her the Yelp $5 off coupon she looked at me like I was crazy and stated she has never seen that.
She didn't give us problems just went ahead and let us pay the $20 and showed us our cages.
The facility was nice and clean nets and carpet were in good shape.
The only issue I had was that my husband had to pitch to me.
I was expecting a machine, and it was hot as balls.
I didn't feel the air turn on till after we were done.
Over all we had a good experience, however, I think we will only be back when it rains.

This was fun!
Watching baseball has never interested me (unless my nephew is playing it or if I'm watching the SF Giants play...ONLY for their crab sandwiches) but, this has definitely changed my mind on it.
I think we paid $8 for half hour of batting practice and it wasn't busy for a Tuesday night.
There were many different sized bats; I, of course, chose a kiddie bat =)   Friend taught me how to hold the bat, how to "follow through," and just take my time.
After the first round, I feel like I got the hang of it and just told my friend to "keep the balls coming" faster and faster!
I got some blisters from it, along with a new found appreciation for baseball players.
***bonus points for being next to DW Bistro...perfs for dinnaaah for the winnahhh***

