Always been Huge fan of Pepe Tacos ever since went too another location on North Decatur.
From the day I saw Pepe Tacos sign were use too by Baja Fresh like HELL YAY!
I was counting the days so once they would be open and it finally here!
The hours are the same like the other locations open 24 hours.
Now having it literally so close too my house like taco heaven on earth.
LOL!
The tacos authentic as can be nothing americanize about them.
True taco no cheese in it or taco shell by the bunch.
True taco is two tortilla heated up with protein choose with onions, and cilantro.
The choices of protein choose from not just your basic usually get the lingua (tongue) but friend (god bless him for introducing me too Pepe) said next time try the buche (pig stomach).
I tried the buche was really good.
It different texture then lingua are carne asada.
Like it.
Never had it always like too try new foods in life.
The salsa bar has all your normal fixing choose from diced white onions, pickled carrots and jalapeno, fresh cilantro, and both salsa red and green.
I am HUGE fan of the red salsa prefect compliment with your tacos no matter what you order.
It not hot hot but just right kick too it.
Tacos they come with refried beans I love taste fresh made everyday and chips perfect way scoop up beans or leftovers from the tacos!
Since it brand new.
It refreshing compare too the normal spot go too because its the complete opposite.
New everything looks part, the signs, mexican artwork decorate some of the walls, neon signs, and it look great.
It bigger then the other one been too.
So not have too worried about finding spot too sit.
Maybe cause it was new the place was packed.
The only negative was they not serving there three or four tacos specials with drink.
Is something they known for at all other locations and the three taco special use too getting.
Still even regular its very reasonable priced for under ten dollars.
Three or four awesome tacos, refried beans, chips, and drink.
Without doubt love this place for sure be coming back lot more.
I see duke in my future!
-)))

I was super excited to try this taco joint since they opened, so finally today I got my chance.
I was overwhelmed by all the choices they had.
I stuck to the al pastor( marinated pork)mon-thurs they have a 3 soft shell tacos ur choice of meat, drink and refrained beans and chips for about $6.
Which I thought was a great deal.
And I love the fact they are open 24 hours, and only a short distance from my house.
I will be coming back... Maybe for dinner tonight, or breakfast tmw... Chorizo and huevos yummy...

I went to Pepe's Taco last night.
I had an interesting experience.
I ordered the Asada Fries which was different from what I usually had in the past.
I typically get my fries from Robertos.
Pepe's Taco makes their fries fatter and thicker which were a nicer difference.
They also put nacho cheese over their fries, sour cream, guacamole, and of course the asada.
I think I like the ones from Robertos better because the meat is thicker and I like the salsa that they add on it.
I ordered my food to go and it did take a bit but I think it is because there were quite a few people before me.
They have a wide variety of meat options such as goat as well as the typical asada, chicken and ect.
They do have lunch specials but those are offered from Sun- Thur from 12-4.
Inside they have a jukebox which is really cool because I have never seen one in real life.
They play Mexican music which is understandable because it is a Mexican Restaurant.
I do like that I can see the workers cooking their food.
I was able to watch them prepare my food and watch them cooking limes.
I think they were a bit creeped out because I was just watching them.
Pepe's Taco does have a nice salsa bar which has green salsa, red salsa, some carrots and onions, and I think they were radishes.
I felt my Asada Fries were decent, but next time I will go to get some tacos.
They are called Pepe's Tacos afterall.

This place is disgusting.
No offense but I don't think Las Vegas knows the difference between what good tacos taste like even if it hit them in the face.
Come to Los Angeles and go to King Taco.
They'll show you how it's done and what a legit "street taco" should taste like.
I ordered 2 carne asada tacos and both of them had fat all over the meat.
A proper carne asada taco should have nothing but tender juicy meat that is EDIBLE.
I had to spit out half the meat that were in my tacos.
Perhaps I caught them on a bad night but it is not likely I will be returning to this place.
"Best Tacos in Las Vegas 2010" my a**.
Whoever was a food critic for this place should be fired.
Honestly, Tacos Mexico (they have multiple locations in this city; ie.
Tropicana or the street close by Stratosphere Hotel) is wayy better than this place.
With Tacos Mexico, I've been here 10+ times and all 10+ times everything was satisfying.
The only reason why I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 was because of the carne asada fries.
They put nacho cheese all over the fries...a good addition in my opinion.

Ate here on their grand opening.
I was very disappointed.
Food is okay, but I've had much better.

Had a carne asada burrito, and it was one of the worse burritos I've ever had.
Just plain tasting and the meat was dry and full of Grisel, won't be going back.

Wouldn't go here again....clean place, everyone's working but the food isn't really good.
I got chips and nacho cheese....they are plain without much flavor.
The 2 soft tacos I got where chix and Chicharron...they were both really small and soggy....I got them Togo so I reheated them in the toaster oven making them a little better....the salsa is quite spicy....honestly I'd rather eat Taco Bell.
Sorry.

I used to be a big fan of Pepe's Tacos over on E. Charleston.
We would head over there after a night of clubbing and get some tacos to soak up the alcohol.
I have tried most of their tacos and the carne asada fries and they were delish.
I remmber the meat being really nice and juicy, not fatty at all.
So I was excited to see that they were going to be opening another place by my house, I was looking forward to some delicious tacos!
Unfortunately, I was disappointed with the tacos we ordered.
We tried tacos de lengua, buche, carnitas and asada and we didn't really like them.
They were not at all like I remembered them to be.
The quality of the meat could've been better.
Maybe I'll return for the carne asada fries.

It was late, I was starving and this is the closest taco shop to my house so I decided to give it a go.
The thing that got me most excited prearrival was that they offered al pastor 24/7.
Not much can beat great al pastor and I have yet to find anything that tops my beloved (and closed down) Tacos Los Parados al pastor, so I had high hopes.
Those hopes dashed away as soon as I was at the counter and saw the pastor spinning on the spit.
It was as if it had been on there for a couple of days.
I then realized how difficult it must be to maintain quality pastor around the clock.
This is why there aren't any 24 hour shawarma joints.
Yet I was in denial and ordered 2 pastor tacos and 2 chicken tacos for $1.79 a piece to go.
10 minutes later, all 4 tacos were crammed into a foil package the size of a PB&J sandwich.
I was surprised at how small it all was that I asked the cashier "Is this everything?".
I get home and realized that I had just ordered the smallest tacos in the world.
I read an article a while back that the current (maybe not by the time you read this) New York Jets coach, Rex Ryan, would eat 12 tacos for dinner before he had gastric bypass.
He certainly wasn't eating these babies.
The chicken was fine and as I had expected, the pastor was dry.
Perhaps I need to go during peak hours when it's fresh?
Roberto's is definitely their main competitor and in the cheap and ghetto Vegas taco game, Roberto wins.

My son and I were so excited when we saw the Pepe's was taking over the old Baja Fresh place.
I was excited because I had heard from a coworker that they have an incredible carne asada burrito.
My son was excited because he's a 16 y/o boy and two things excite him, food being one of them.
Every time we came around the corner and saw the progress that was being made we giggled like school girls.
So it opened and we went and we were not all that impressed.
I got the burrito and it was as good as advertised.
My wife got the shredded beef tacos which honestly are the best we've had in Las Vegas.
My son's food was only okay.
The place is just kinda dingy.
And that was after being open for just one day.
The people at the counter were not very friendly and never smiled.
There wasn't a clean table to be found.
And the unsmiling, unfriendly worker became more unsmiling and unfriendly when we asked if someone could wipe a table down for us.
I went a couple of days later to get a chorizo and eggs burrito......
I do love burritos!
The girl tells me that will be $7.
"For a chorizo and egg burrito?
" I ask.
She points to the menu and it's a full on meal with rice and beans.
I ask what the price is without rice and beans and she tells me it's the same.
Come on now!
The salsa cups are way too small and the red and the green sauce runs all over your fingers and drips back in to the vat.
Now I keep my hands impeccably clean.
Julia Childs would be so proud of me.
But I don't know which person before me was picking their nose or had left the bathroom unwashed.
I'm not really a germaphobe, but seriously!
I'll go back for the burrito or the shredded beef, but I'll use the red sauce I took from Fausto's  Last but not least........ what self-respecting taco stand has coke products?
Really?
Coke?
You gotta have the Pepsi!

Decent tacos - especially the al pastor, but overall not a fan of this pepe's.
I remember the other charleston location being worth the drive across town, but this new one kind of sucks.
Super nachos were crap compared to what I've become used to from similar places like Roberto's.
This was a little bit of chips w velveeta and chopped up chicken, not fall apart tender chicken tinga like you usually get.
Getting drinks near the general area of the bathroom reeks of sewage.
Positives are good horchata and really great refried beans.
That's about it - I'll stick to my tried and true Roberto's

The repeated yelling of the order numbers and the loud chopping of the carne asada coming from the kitchen made our visit very UNENJOYABLE... Won't be back.

Below average tacos at best.
Each one was about $1.79.
You might think that's a good price until you try them.
The carne asada was bland, dry and the quality of the meat was poor.
The al pastor was better, but also dry.
My expectations for the pork were high when I say the meat on a spit, but it doesn't come close to al pastor at other places around town.

These aren't the best tacos around, but they are open 24 hours and I prefer them to Roberto's.
The night we dined in the restaurant was packed.
There was one cook, one cashier and one other lady attending to odds and ends.
There must have been a dozen people waiting for their order before we received ours.
We sampled a trio of carnitas, carne asada and al pastor.
Each held up and no tough pieces were found.
The dining area is awkward and it was pretty dirty on our visit.
It's not a place to go out of your way for, but it is not a bad late night option.

Pepe's Tacos is decent.
I've had better, but this is close to where I live.
Since it's open 24 hours, I can always pop in whenever I'm craving a Taco.
As the reviews before me have said, this place is mediocre at best.
I had 3 different tacos, the Carnitas, Al Pastor, and Buche.
I did the 3 tacos combo with a drink for $6.50...
Pretty decent deal.
The cashier asked if i wanted 'everything' on it, and I replied with yes.
I guess I'm used to Tacos el Gordo, because when they say 'everything' at that place, they give you toppings that compliment the taco.
However, at Pepe's Tacos, all 3 of mine had the same.
This made all 3 of my tacos taste exactly the same, with just the texture of the meat different.
If I was in a rush or had a late night taco run, I'd probably drop by again.
Otherwise, I'd probably go elsewhere.
sorry!

How can they mess up tacos?
I had tha cabeza, el pastor, carne asada and lengua.
Lengua and cabeza were okay but carne asada and el pastor were horrible.
The cashier messed my order up when she was taking the order and also when picking up the order.
Don't waste your time or money.
There are way better options out there.

I'll have to eat here again, I wasn't really impressed but I didn't get my usual "Taco Shop" fare.
The restaurant was really clean and the staff was very polite.
The prices were pretty reasonable in comparison to Roberto's.
I personally like Roberto's better but I'll try Pepe's again before I make a for sure judgement.

Nope, not that great.
Seriously.
For a $1.75 for a very small taco, not worth the price.
Everything here is actually overpriced!
People have told me to just eat the tacos not the plates, burritos, tostadas, etc.
Cause you might get food poisoning.
Eh.
I would ratehr go to another taco place down the street.

I'm very picky about my carnitas street tacos, and these are some of the best I've had in a long time.

I walk in, smile and say hi.
Lady at the front ignores me and walks away.
New lady takes my order but the chef decides he's gonna have a 5 min conversation with the first lady before he prepares my food.
Too many better options out there.

Pretty much meh.
It wasn't terrible, but nothing worth making a special trip for.
I tried the al pastor and lengua tacos.
The pastor was a little dry and lacked the usual sweetness.
The lengua was tender, but didn't have enough seasoning or something... just kind of bland.

I wish I'd read the Yelp reviews prior to stopping in to Pepe's.
The super burrito was anything but "super".
The carne asada was more like tiny minced meat and the size of the burrito should've been listed as puny, especially for the price.
The wife's breakfast burrito was no better and she could barely eat it.
Never, never, never again.

Horrible taco place.
Do not eat here.
We ordered pastor and asada tacos, asada fries and some chicken taquitos.
The pastor was flavorless, just tasted like pork.
The asada was also flavorless and had a lot of gristle in it, it was actually hard to eat.
Which made the asada fries suck.
The fries had cheese sauce instead of shredded cheese.
I like a combination of both.
Chicken taquitos were the best part of the meal and that's not saying much.
How can u screw up a taquito, it's just stuffed and fried.
Will never be back and I will steer people away.

Ok, it's getting 2 stars because they screwed up my order, even after explicitly telling them what I wanted (it was a simple request - NO ONIONS)  That's the quickest way for a place to drop in ratings for me...  Aside from that, the food was, uh, ok.
I got the carne asada burrito, which was mostly grisly chunks of beef with some rice and beans.
As I stated, I'm a no onion eating mofo, and as luck would have it, the jalapeno/carrots/onions mix was, you guessed it, 99% onions.
No thanks.
Picky you say?
Why yes i am.
Other than that, it was a good place to cool off from the sun

My mistake for checking this place out before checking their Yelp rating.
I had it bookmarked when they first opened and never thought to check back to see their reviews.
We came here today for lunch and was hoping to make Pepe's a new regular spot on our food rotation in the area.
I ordered the carne asada gordita and it was ok but the gordita was really doughy and not as crisp as I would have liked.
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.
We also tried a taco al pastor just to check it out and it was dry and not flavorful at all.
Definitely a lackluster experience and I don't think I'll be back.
The salsa bar wasn't great and most of the food didn't look or taste as fresh as you hope for.
This was a disappointing dining experience compared to so many other options.

Not sure why all the low ratings.
I thought the beef tacos were almost as good as El Taurinos on Hoover in LA.
Almost!
Although on the pricier side.
Plus I had to wait 10 minutes to get 6 tacos to go.
But as long as food is good, I'm ok with it.
My new favorite toco place in town.
Another restaurant reminding me of LA.

If Yelp had an evil twin equivalent of the ROTD (Review Of The Day), this would win hands down.
To the reader, I am not taking responsibility for your well being if you still choose to eat here especially after reading this review.
Let's start from the beginning.
I bring my wife and two boys.
I order 4 pastor tacos for me and my oldest.
A cheese quesadilla for my youngest, and an order of asada fries for all of us to share.
So the food comes out.
It all looks good.
But looks can be deceiving.
You know when people say don't judge a good book by its cover.
Well this cover looks good but once you read the first page, it will make you want to rip it in half and burn it.
For starters, the pastor was dry like it has been on the spit for days.
That's really funny because there was oil literally pouring out of the tortilla when I pick it up.
My guess is that they dipped it in hot oil before throwing it in the tortilla.
I should of took pictures of the plate it was on because it was literally transparent from all the grease.
The quesadilla should of been called a "greasadilla".
My youngest only took a couple bites before he had to stop because of grease running down his chin and fore arms.
The tortilla itself was already soggy.
As for the asada fries I was hoping that would be the saving grace to this horrible experience so far.
I was wrong.
Boy was I wrong.
I took a picture of it and posted it on here.
It looks decent.
But when we started eating it, we noticed they had used nacho cheese instead of shredded cheddar.
For nachos that might be ok.
But for fries that's a major no no.
The meat was also greasy like they dipped it in oil to bring it to life.
The only decent things about it was the sour cream and guacamole.
We ate or should I say tried to eat at least half of our food but it seemed like with every bite our stomachs were screaming bloody murder.
But alas, we had to dump it in the trash.
So in closing, memo to "Pepe", can you please cut down on the grease and at least make the tacos just a tad bit bigger?
Once you do that, then maybe I will give you guys another try.

My husband and I have been driving past Pepe's  Tacos for some time now and each time it was always "We need to try that.
" Well we finally tried it today.
Upon walking in we noticed how clean the place was.
I'm a waitress and whenever I go into a restaurant I notice certain things that will determine if I eat there or not, and this place was impeccably clean.
I was very impressed.
I ordered a bean and cheese burrito with a drink, and my husband ordered a bean and carne asada burrito.
He asked for cheese and salsa but the woman taking the order must not have heard what he said because when he started muching on his burrito it DIDNT have cheese or salsa.
We aren't the type to complain so he just went with it, he DID say it was still good though.
My burrito was pretty damn delicious.
It was hot, had good flavor, the cheese was melted and the tortilla was very good.
My husband and I both tried the horchata and it was ssssooooooo good.
Before leaving my husband went to use the restroom and said that it was extremely clean, and also, they have very reasonable prices.
Overall experience wasn't the best, but it wasn't bad either.
Fairly decent food, okay customer service.
We most likely WILL come back, but this isn't our new favorite place.

When I'm not feelin' having Roberto's, I usually end up here at Pepe's.
This location is rarely crowded and there's plenty of parking spaces.

Ordered a combination burrito and steak fries..
There sign ain't lying!
They are the best steak fries in town!!
Burrito was great too!!
Best thing?!
24/7!!
Must suck for the late night employees, if they don't mind the hours...
I may be craving this every night!

My lover boy and I finally made a visit to this location as it is only a couple of blocks from our home.
I really liked how bright and clean this new location is in comparison to their location on Decatur which is not so appealing.
We ordered a carne asada burrito, carne asada torta, shredded beef hard shell taco and a shredded beef soft taco.
The carne asada burrito was fat as F**k and that was without the beans I asked them to leave out.
The carne asada torta was mad big and loaded with guacamole which is the real avocado deal!
They have the salsa bar which has a really hot green and red sauce which is NOT for whimps!
The prices are good for the quality and quantity of what you get.
What I was totally stoked about is that I could have all of the refills I wanted of Pina!!!!
Mmmmm yummy I was doing the happy dance when I looked over and saw the fountain soda machines and the Jamaica and Pina machines!
We really enjoyed the food as it was reasonable and very tasty as well as generous in portion as I had to take half of my burrito home it was big.
We will be back for sure as we have no complaints what so ever, just wish we had been coming sooner since we live so close.
I like a little dirty flirty.

Sister and I were hungry at 10 PM on a Sunday night and were looking for some Mexican delight.
Pepe's Tacos had recently opened up near our house and we decided to get down.
I ordered three tacos: carne asada, lengua, and al pastor.
The lengua and the carne asada were decent.
Not horrible, but not stand out.
The star of my taco trio was the al pastor.
The marinated pork, cilantro, onion, a squeeze of lime, a touch of the hot sauce.
AMAZING!
Definitely a must try.
My sister got the Machacha Plate which came with beans, rice, and warm tortillas.
The machacha itself was pretty bland, nothing really lively or exciting about it.
Didn't really pack much of a punch.
The rice and beans were okay as well.
Pepe's is open 24 hours and has a wide variety of offerings that are all cooked to order.
They have a traditional taco salsa bar, with the red hot spicy sauce of death (which I love) and a green, mild salsa.
The carrot, onion, jalapeno mix.
Radishes.
This location was clean, brightly lit.
The staff was friendly.
Pepe's is a decent taco shop.
A step up from Roberto's, but not a home run.

Not sure why this place is getting all these bad reviews!
I've been here multiple times and the food has been consistent and my orders have come out pretty quick.
When I come here I typically just get tacos, and while they're not very big, they're packed full with meat.
I eat a lot and I usually feel full after 2 or 3 tacos.
I've been trying different meats each time I come so I can find the one I like best.
So far my favorite is Al Pastor (marinated pork).
They are open 24 hrs, but I have only come for lunch so I can't say how the crowds are late at night.
During lunch, and especially on the weekends, I've seen nearly all the tables full here.
So again, I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews of this place...

Good menu choices, friendly staff, clean restaurant, but the food is just okay at best.

pepes is awesome   food quality and service the best in vegas, i work by the rainbow location and love it!

Had the shredded beef tacos.
Very good for the price and portion.
The beef was a bit tough but edible.
My friend had the carne asada plate.
Lots of pork.
That wad worth the price also.

I am definitely a fan of Pepe's Tacos, I come here quite often, It's fresh, delicious and cheap!
what else is there to say....OH well there is one thing, I come to their newest location on the corner of Rainbow and Flamingo, it's clean, spacious and well lit.
Except for one thing, they do not have a diaper changing station in their bathroom's and how many Hispanics do you really see with no kids??
Just saying.....
Install one please!
:-)

Small tacos, high prices, and dumb policies....
Trying reeeeal hard to be nice and give them that second star.
I was here a few months ago but drunk out of my mind and I couldn't have written my Yelp-worthy review based on my tipsy experience.
I decided to stop by the other day and I guess you have to be drunk to really appreciate this place.
Located off Flamingo and Rainbow, Pepe's is a 24 hour taco/Mexican fast food spot in the same vein as Robertos.
They have about 6 or 7 different types of meat for their tacos along with plenty of burritos, combo plates, and other standard Mexican offerings.
The tacos were small and at about two bucks a pop definitely not worth it.
They only use one small corn tortilla so everything gets soggy and falls out on the plate.
=( booo!
The carne asada was lacking in flavor and a little dry, likewise the chorizo was nothing memorable.
The salsa bar was a disaster when we came in.
The two watery sauces they had were splashed all over the place added little flavor to the tacos.
What really disappointed me about Pepe's were their stupid policies.
50 cents charge for using a credit card, 30 minute limit for eating-in and they even had the nerve to post  sign on the soda fountain about extra charges if you are caught sharing a drink.
All these rules and fees make eating their mediocre food more of a hassle than it should be.
If you are looking for an authentic tacos hit up Tacos El Gordo, better tacos, cheaper prices, no stupid rules.

This place is ok for a quick taco or burrito fix 24 hours a day.
I must agree with other reviewers that some of their food can be a little on the greasy side, like their nachos.
What I really like about this place is the salsa bar, and the fact that you can ask for a "toreado" (fried jalapeño pepper) at no charge.
What I dislike is the  fact that they will charge you extra if you want to use a credit card, in fact when I first went there and found out they charged for using a card.
I thanked the girl at the register turned around and went to jack in the box instead.
Like I said the food is not that bad, but I won't use a card.

Nearest location to me, am a fan of their food, specially burrito alpastor one of the best in the city!

Sad that there is such bad customer service when the economy is so bad.
I hope management knows they're paying employees to play with cell phones and talk on the restaurant phones while ignoring customers.
What a shame

I have been reading some the reviews about Pepes on here, let me say that I have never been ignored because employees were playing on their cell phones or any phone.
I have never been charged extra or charged for something I did not order, so I don't need to check my receipt, yes Justin G they do charge for using credit/debit, but so do a lot of other places........oh, and I'm white, so there goes that theory.
Now to my review.
A few weeks ago I would have given 4 maybe 5 stars, however my last two trips were kinda not what was expected.
The asada burrito which was, in the past, busting with meat, now contains MAYBE half of what I used to get.
The quality is still there, unfortunately the quantity has disappeared, not sure why.
If this continues I may have to find another place to frequent, won't be Tacos El Gordo though, they don't do burritos.
Almost forgot, I have NEVER heard of or been told of any 30 minute time limit to eat!

Great food..
But a little pricey!
Sometimes they can little mistakes like not getting your order right!
But good overall..

$10 for Carne Asada Nachos.
Pretty costly for a fast food type of place and I ONLY wanted Cheese and Meat on it.
As if that wasn't easy enough, they Still put sour cream and guacamole on top, which meant more than half of the nachos / meat went untouched / were scraped off.
Oh wait $9.50 because they charge 50 cents per card transaction.
-.-"

Love the Carnitas!

This place was expensive!
The tacos are small and over $2.
If you want to add a side of rice, it's $2.25.
Also, 50 cents per card transaction.
Roberto's on Fort Apache and Tropicana, way better deal and food!

Just went to Pepe's Tacos and ordered 9 tacos.
I was surprised when the cost with tax came to $19.46.
That seems very expensive for just tacos but I figured they must be crazy good or crazy big.
When they handed me one tiny paper bag I had to ask them if they made a mistake.
I checked and inside were 9 tiny tacos that should have not cost more than .99 cents on a good day.
And after just sharing the 9 with two friends We all agree they were mediocre at best and still very hungry.
Save yourself the money and go to another taco shop, I wish I had.

Was not happy at all!
Rude employees,  manager yelling at the staff in front of customers,  overpriced,  small servings, condiment counter was dirty and gross, got my order wrong and treated me like it was my fault... Will never return to this particular store!
With Roberto's Taco shop right across the street I don't see this store lasting very long with the bad experience they provide... Bring back Baja Fresh!
Don't waste your time or money!

Fkuvking smells like a$$ inside this place... Food was alright but good lord did it smell.... Been there once and won't ever go back!

Food was good, but I had the MOST horrible stomach aches the past couple times i've been here .
Never going again !!!!!

First time, last time.
I could tolerate the obnoxious staff if the food was good, but it wasn't.
The foods not terrible, it's average.
I'll just go to Roberto's where the food is better and the people actually seem to care about the client.

Smells terrible inside, we should have turned around and walked right out.
Food was not good at all.
My husband and I had some type of food poisoning from there.
Will never recommend this place to anyone.

Wanted to try this place for the longest time.
Since i was in the area and it was bookmarked I figured hey why not.
Ordered a cheese quesadilla.
Was way too much cheese.
Don't get me wrong I love cheese but there was so much grease it was  gross.
The flour tortilla was soaked and my toddler wouldn't even eat it because she didn't like how greasy her fingers were.
Next were the taquitos which were super crispy, which normally would be awesome but there was almost no meat inside.
I couldn't taste it at all.
Fried to nothing.
It would be a one star if the red sauce wasn't so good.

We love this place but every time we come here they always seem to be hiring a taquero or cashier which makes me question how they treat their employees.

Overpriced.
Not the best carne asada fries, not even close!
Nacho cheese on them instead of regular shredded cheese....doesn't make sense.
We asked for no guacacmole and sour cream, still got it on our fries.
Not coming back.

I'm the only person in the place,standing at the register and the waitress asks, "Do you want something?
" I responded, "Yes!
" She rolls her eyes at me and then takes my order.
She asks if I knew that the extra items cost more...smh Poor customer service!

Beef on the taco tasted old!
It was already overpriced!
Also, who uses nacho cheese at a Mexican restaurant?
Will not be back!

Weak.
If youre thinking about eating here change your mind and go to Los Tacos.
Bomb.
Bomb bomb bomb booooommmmmbbbb

If I could give it 2 1/2 stars it would be preferable...
But alas I'm not going to be that mean...I'll  give it an undeserved three stars...
It's just not as good as the other Pepes..
I keep giving this place chances after chances..
It's way too convenient because it's directly across the street.. After months and months of trying it occasionally and being continuously letdown..I've given up altogether.. if you are in the mood for crappy fast Mexican food   I would try Fausto's or even the Roberto's across the street over this place.

I have been to pepes tacos a couple of times.
I like the food but the service is ridiculous.
If you ever have Veronica as your cashier you can expect your order to be wrong .
I have had to return my food more then twice because they don't bother to communicate with themselves and they have an attitude for asked to get what you orders in the first place.
I often see people returning the good and being upset because they always get the orders wrong.
The cashier Veronica has the worst attitude while working and you can expect her to role her eyes at you or even ignore the fact you are in front of her trying to order.
She will take your order when she is finally ready.
I can't believe she still works their

Every single time I've been here, whoever is at the register seems to have a huge stick up their ass.
Prices aren't too great for what you get.
Actually, the food isn't even that good, period.
Only time I ever think to come here is if I want asada fries.
But then I remember how terrible the staff is, and my craving subsides.

