Friendly staff and good selection of guns.
Can't beat a family owned business.

2nd Amendment Gun Shop gets 5 stars from me.
Very friendly and helpful staff.
Had what I needed in stock at a fair price.
The owner is a super nice guy, he takes his time to explain things.
Good people make all the difference, you feel welcome when you walk in.

I have a love/hate relationship going on with this place.
I love the friendliness of Kalif and the other people who work here.
I love the fact they are in a very traffic friendly area.
I love the fact they are so into their products.
I hate the fact that they are a new store and have yet to stock much in the way of ammo and guns.
I hate that they always run out of these things before I get there.
But I think that eventually we can work a compromise.
Once this ammo shortage scare falls away, I'm sure they can maintain their customer base once they can stock up and keep the flow of merchandise going.
So there you have it.
A small store that can prosper once they get adequate stock in hand.

Very friendly and helpful, highly recommend!

I give this place 3 stars for now.
I just saw this place while at the Draft House across the street and decided to walk over.
I walked inside and immediately you know its a small family owned joint, the best type IMO.
Everyone was very friendly and helpful.
We asked alot of questions and they didn't hesitate to answer or show us what we asked for.
As for inventory, honestly it wasn't bad for the size of the shop.
And their prices were indicative of the times so no negativity for that.
I picked up a few boxes of ammo and fought buying another case of ammo since I just bought some elsewhere.
All in all, I will be back here no doubt and will hopefully be able to update the review and up the stars.

Great people.
Selection is a little low right now but they are a start up and have an awesome attitude.
I'll def be back soon to buy some ammo and possibly a firearm.
Don't hesitate going to see them.
Mil Vets also is a BIG PLUS!
Thanks!

As a woman, I often feel like gun store employees treat me like I'm either of no consequence or a 'noob'.
The guys at 2nd Amendment didn't dismiss me out of hand just because I'm female.
The first time when my husband & I walked in I was greeted warmly and asked specifically if there was anything I was interested in or wanted to see.
I just pointed at my husband & said, "I'm with him today" but it didn't stop anyone from including me in the conversations (and it's not because I'm a hot mama in sexy clothes - I'm dumpy & middle-aged, lol).
This morning, my husband & I went back to buy the gun we were looking at.
We got there first thing when they opened, and the gentleman behind the counter (he's older, w/a beard - I suck at getting names) was friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.
My only complaint is the same as everyone else - they need more stuff!
For a shop their size (it's tiny), they've got a decent assortment of rifles and some handguns, but woefully little ammo - and a very limited collection of holsters, cases, and straps.
I'd personally love to see this shop really take off - as long as everyone can keep the fantastic attitudes and customer rapport going!

My husband and I love this place.
We were referred from my mom and dad because they came in to buy guns and some ammo.
I walked in and these guys were so nice!
They were so helpful and its awesome because they remember your name when you come back.
My husband and I bought a .9 and .25.
The only issue I had is they did not have my ammo!
Im hoping they get stock again!
But I will be referring all my friends and family to them!

Now that they have loaded up on ammo and guns and gear, I'm definitely smitten by this place.
I'm a sucker for mom & pop stores anyway, but add some of my favorite hobbies and you have a definite winner.
The Armory is a bit far.
Sportsmen's is not very shopper friendly and spotty on the ammo supplies.
So this place fits a niche for ammo supplies very nicely.
I might add they aren't full of the Zombie-mania that gun stores tend to have nowadays.
Because of the size of the store, they have to be careful in what they stock.
So not much Prepping gear, but a thoughtful selection of firearms and ammo.
And did I mention the cute girl behind the counter?
What's not to Love?!
I just can't hate on this place anymore.
Lucky me.

Great staff plus veteran owned.
Didn't purchase anything, but they gave us a great recommendation on where to shoot out in the desert!
Ammo prices are comparable to other places.

Serious but friendly, the 2nd Amendment Gun Shop is my kind of stop.
We stopped in there for a quick look and ended up staying a half hour, talking with the owners and looking around.
It's a local shop, privately owned and operated.
They know their stuff and don't mind parting with that wisdom.
Another cool thing about the shop was all the different types of people there.
It's on the smaller side but was packed.
There were a couple of families with kids, and people from all walks of life.
It was definitely a cool feel... which I didn't expect.
I just ended up picking up a couple (4) boxes of ammo and some business cards.
I live in Cali but shoot a lot in Nevada.
I can't buy a pistol or rifle in store but maybe I can buy from their online store.
Definitely see ya there!

this is with out a doubt my favorite gun shop in Vegas!
Mark, Kalif, (i hope i got the spelling right) and Sam, are great people who know their stuff!
i don't ever feel any pressure to buy anything when i am in there, but i almost always find something i can't live with out.
and they are all more then happy to take time and answer any questions, or show you anything you may want to see.
i think customer service is what sets these guys apart.
you won't find any "operators mentality" here.
just good people who are knowledgeable, and passionate about what they do.
prices are in line with, or better then the other shops in town, and ammo is priced better then the area stores i have seen.
check this store out i promise you won't regret it!

Friendly staff and very knowledgeable.

Friendly, professional, and great prices.
Family owned store according to the sales associate I forget her name but she was great.

Perfect shop for all your gun needs and Vet owned/operated.
Kalif and Sam are great at what they do, and my purchases/transfers have all been flawless.
This shop should have everything you need, and if they don't, they can get it for you.

I was visiting from California and this shop is near a family members house.
Awesome place they had what I needed and if they didn't they could order it.
What I really like is the service.
A lot of these gun store guys come off a hard asses.
These guys are really friendly and we were yuking it up about the lame California gun laws.
They are all veterans too!
Thank you gentleman for your service to the country and your customers

