What a breath of fresh air Blue 32.
The food is superb.
The staff, well trained and friendly and, there are about thirty screens featuring every type of sporting event known to man, except for curling or water polo.
Try this.
Order a kobe beef hot dog and a small cup of chili on the side, it makes for one damned fine chili dog.
Now a beer.
And some sweet potato fries.
And the black and blue cole slaw.
Another beer.
Then three more.
Now flirt with the waitress because she was so interested in the movie you just went to see at the nearby Harkins theatre, forgetting your wife is seated across from you.
Another beer.
Now a cab, since your wife took the car keys AND the car.
In my defense, the waitress was totally hot and my balls still tend to function at Homeland Security's level Orange after five twenty ounce drafts.
We may not be going back for a while, but that doesn't mean you can't.
Try to get seated in a station where the server isn't so damned hot and friendly.
Took one star off for the cab ride home and the silent treatment for two days, while my balls were safely returning to Defense Level Blue.

Great upgrade from that Buffalo Wild Wings (and the wings are better).
B32 will hopefully have a long run.
Clean, good food, good staff and great placement of flat screens.
The perfect non-dive sports bar!

The place turned out really nice.
Staff was great, food was great, and not a bad seat in the house to see a tv.
Check it out when you have a chance.

We were so excited to see that this was opening by the Harkins.
We've been to the Scottsdale location several times.
This place is great inside - a sports lovers place to hang out.
Lots of tv's and great food.
The only issue - the wait staff is YOUNG.
We had to keep asking for our server.
We looked around for a manager type and there was none to be seen - or one that was walking around checking on the customers.
One of the waitresses was awesome - she kept circulating the tables.

I loooove the Cajun Style Salmon.
Seriously, it's so delicious.
It's probably got enough sodium to float a person in a pool for a couple days, but whatever.
Who doesn't love salt?
This is the place to come for good wings and good beer and 34 televisions to watch the game.
I was here for the BCS game and so was everyone else in a 10 mile radius.
It was fun!
Rowdy, but everyone was very cool and no jerks to be heard.
As soon as the game ends, the place empties out pretty quick, but it's never dead.
Being right across the plaza from the movie theatre makes it the perfect place to grab a drink and bite to eat before or after your flick.
I'm a big fan!

I've been to Blue 32 three times now (twice at this location) and I've been impressed every time.
Blue 32 is not your typical sports bar.
It's clean, open, and really nice.
They also have a large food menu and everything is made fresh.
The service is also great and really accommodating.
Their Philly Cheesesteak was delicious.
I got mine with cheese whiz.
Only thing is I wish that it didn't have chopped up peppers in it.
I thought they would be whole peppers that I could just take out.
Noted for next time.
The sweet potato fries were also really good.
Thee steak in their Steak Cesar is also amazing.
Perfectly seasoned and cooked.
It comes with a really large piece of garlic bread.
I wish that there was shredded parm on it though.
Definitely check this place out if you're looking for good "bar food" or if you want to catch a game.

I've eaten at this Blue 32 a few times now.
Both locations are clean and have plenty of TV's at every possible viewing angle.
Our service was fast and Megan was very nice and attentive.
My chicken, bacon and avocado sandwich was particularly tasty.
I've also had the salads and they are always fresh and plentiful.
Definitely going back soon.

Food was mediocre at best.
I had the chopped chicken salad which was mostly iceberg lettuce some small bits of bacon a couple pieces of chicken and old avocado.
They wanted to up charge me for more dressing so I declined but there was hardly enough to coat all the lettuce.
My guests got the buffalo chicken sandwich with cold soggy sweet potato fries.
And the buffalo chicken flat bread which was chewy and undercooked.
Service was horrible, it was like pulling teeth to get a refill because our server (who seemed to be new) was too busy chatting by the door with a group of other servers.
She didn't even ask if I wanted a refill until she was clearing our plates away.
Probably one of the least impressive sports bars I've been to.
We will just stick to Zipps.

Every time I come here it is awesome.
The staff are super friendly.
The manager Josh kicks ass.

Hop knot on tap, a menu full of food to please the fat kid in me, it really doesn't get much better.
Service has been great on my many trips in with the old lady, we live across the street and there aren't many good spots at this price point in the area.
This is a bonafide sports bar but the big upside is that they actually use fresh ingredients unlike local spots like Zipps and Tilted Kilt.
The burgers are good and all sandwiches come on good bread with fresh toppings.
Any of the chicken items are actually real chicken breast, no frozen chicken fingers which is rare.
If you're feeling extra fat, go for the Monte Cristo as it's pretty damn amazing despite sounding like a fast track to diabetes.
My only desire is that they would buy UFC fights so I can stumble home safely but maybe that would ruin this little gem.

I went to Blue 32 with a friend a few weeks and had the worst experience.
My friend and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat before we saw a movie.
While my friend enjoyed the Deep fried Monte Carlo sandwich, I did not enjoy my quesadilla with bacon and shrimp.
The bacon was over whelming and i don't think the shrimp was cook properly.
I looked around for our waiter and could not find him.
Nor track any other worker down to get something else or have it remade.
We even wanted to order more drinks and couldn't.
Didn't stop once to see how our meal was.
The waiter returned after my friend finished his food.
I told him what was wrong with my food.
He offered to get me something else but I stated no that we were in a rush now for a movie.
He brings us the bill and I was charged for a meal I didn't even barely eat.
In fact I got home and spent 4 hours in the bathroom sick as a dog.
I wanted to contact the restaurant to tell them that they have horrid service but they dont even have a website or a contact email.

Won't ever go here again.
The appetizers were really good, nacho, bruschetta and onion rings.
My burger was ok but the bacon was raw.
The fries had to many crammed in a basket so there were some that were crispy and most weren't.
The majority of them were not fully cooked inside.
Our server was so bad we went in at 645 (with 2 children age 2 and under) and left at 830.
There were only 4 other tables in there on a Monday night.
Common sense tells you that a table with small children will most likely want to leave shortly after finishing but no, after clearing half the plates she disappeared for another 15 minutes.
Then it took what felt like another 10 minutes for her to return with the checks!

This is my third time to this location of blue 32.
And so far I have absolutely no complaints.
Orders were taken & food arrived promptly each time.
I have to say I love the Buffalo Chicken wings & the steamed broccoli!
The best part is they have happy hour Monday to Friday from 3 to 7 with prices on food & drinks raging from $3.25 to $6.50!

Sometimes you want a good beer with some good food at a reasonable price.
Blue 32 has  a nice selection of beers on tap and some pretty good bar food - all at reasonable prices.

Terrible service on a slow night.
The food was served at room temperature.
Worst.
Sports.
Bar.
Ever.
Good should be served at more than room temp...

Where should I start...?
My experience started off with 2 servers.
The first was the drink up-sell server when I sat down.
After I ordered my beverage, the next comment was "would you like to upgrade for an additional $1.75?
" I told the server that I felt like I was at an airport bar and he told me "that's what everybody says.
" At this point my order was passed on to my dinner waitress.
When the drinks arrived, 2 of the 3 were incorrect.
The only one that was right was the diet coke.
Cocktails were coming with cranberry juice instead of grapefruit juice.
Bud lights were coming instead of coors lights.
This was enigmatic.
At this point, I said,"STOP!
Can we start over?
" We placed our food order; that went well.
The servings were adequate and the food was as expected.
When the bill arrived, there was bewilderment at the table.
I was charged for the upgrades that I didn't order.
Now, I requested a colloquy for the manager in charge.
He was very pleasant and agreed to expunge the drink charges from my bill.
I want to thank Mark for his action to help save this derailed event.
His behavior was requisite in order to salvage this dreadful experience.
I expected this night to be the epitome of a sports bar paragon, but instead I got an airport lounge feeling of despair.

A Groupon brought us in here but we would have come anyway as we missed the BWW that was here prior and were anxious for a good new sports bar to open in its place.
We had a great experience.
Hubby had the pastrami (loved it) and I had the BBQ chicken salad; both were excellent.
They were warm, fully-cooked, unlike some of the negative reviews on here about this restaurant.
We experienced only positives from dining here.
It was a Sunday lunch crowd, getting pretty busy, yet our service never suffered.
We sat in the bar area, so the bartender had both bar clients and high-tops and never missed a beat.
We will definitely be back!

Nice alternative for an afterwork dinner.
Exceptional service and reasonable prices.
Food and beverages offered are awesome, and if you enjoy something simple, the chocolate chip cookies for desert are a great surprise.
The sports bar atmosphere doesn't feel as canned as some others... great staff attitude goes chapters in making a nice experience.

Blue 32 Sports Grill delivers the goods since opening up a few months ago.
This place is closer to home but the parking can drive you crazy on a Friday night (it's next to the movie theatre).
There's usually some spots on the side and back of the building instead of trying to park directly in front of the restaurant.
I usually give 4 stars to a place that has at least one item on the menu that is consistently outstanding.
For me, that is the Monte Cristo Sandwich.
Fried goodness of turkey, ham and cheese along with that insanely delicious raspberry jam that I generously apply to the sandwich.
And don't forget the fries, yes these are some of the best tasting fries I have ever had.
I haven't had a chance to try any other items off the menu from this location.
But I'm looking forward to trying the pulled pork sandwich to see if it is as good as the Scottsdale Rd location.
The service always seems to be pretty good and there are tons of TV's all around.
This place is a mob scene during March Madness and NBA/NHL playoff season.

Good appetizers, my burger was lacking.
There was nothing special about the meat in the burger, more like a stock Sysco patty.
They cook medium well, and if it weren't for the mushrooms on my burger there would have been no moisture in the burger at all.
Service was okay.
We understood it was loud and busy, we didin't have to be told, nor was it an excuse.

Save your money and go somewhere else.
This place is so gross, the food is bleh and the service sucks.
I just don't understand how this place has gotten as popular as it is...how can you mess up a burger?
Seriously?
Or chicken wings?
Poor quality ingredients and seriously overpriced.
Save your money and the stomach ache.

Honestly, Amazing and great quality food!
I have been here twice and will continue to go back.
Excellent customer service and great for big groups.
I recommend loaded fries, Calamari, Mushroom Burger.
Their Burgers are great overall.
You can't go wrong.
The food price is on the higher end ($10-13); however the atmosphere and quality of food make it worth it.

I'm in love with their onion rings.
I also have the ribs and fries appetizer quite often.
The people are all really friendly and they are more than happy to put your game on one of their TV's.
I watch my Kansas City Royals there all the time!

Very disappointing.
The food is mediocre and WAY OVER PRICED for the quality.
This place is fine for some beers in the bar and watching sports but eat before you get here.

Was meeting a few friends and wanted to sit down and grab a bite.
One of my buddies recommended this place and it was all of our first times there.
Everything we all had was great, especially the monte cristo.
Id come back.

Stopped by this sports bar to get drink before the movies.
I was very disappointed.
The staff was nice, but very young and unknowledgable.
I specifically requested to sit outside only if they could turn the misters on.
I was seated outside and I had to request several times more before they would turn the misters on.
It was not crowded, so did not understand the delay.
I ordered a very dirty gin martini with 3 olives.
The waitress brought back straight gin in martini glass w/three olives.
hello.....mc fly!!
Then the waitress went MIA.
So, I went up to the bar to address the bartender about my drink.
The bartendar apologized and said that is what the waitress told her and she thought it was odd.
None the less, the bartender remade me the correct drink.
I would recommend this place only if you order a beer and be very specific, cause their maybe a different interpretation.
Good luck!

Just to punish myself, I returned and ordered another burger at the Scottsdale Road location.
The Swiss and Mushroom burger was just as blah as the first one.
There is nothing special about the meat, and the temperature was wrong on all three of the burgers my party ordered.
Service was great.
Very noisy.
Appetizers were good.
I am just surprised this place can do a decent hamburger.

Good food... Good beer... Great atmosphere.
Lots of TVs ;)  *** It's football season and if you don't get their early in game day you may wait for a long time.
Although an outside seat seem to be readily available.
1) Had the Spinach and artichoke dip...
Which is not so good.
Just a big bowl of cheese goop.., not much spinach or artichoke.
Very salty and not pleasant to eat.
Sent it back and got more wings.
2) Chicken wings ( regular with bones ) are awesome.
Very tasty  3) Good selection of Beer  Also great place to wait before or after movie

Bustling and lively Great tasting Guinness MONTE CRISTO SANDWICH.
This was my first time ever trying a fabled Monte Cristo sandwich.
I opted out  of the raspberry dipping sauce which, according to both the waitress and my friend, was a mistake on my part.
Such a delicious treat!
Paired with a tasty Guinness, my tummy was in heaven!

Blue 32 is a pretty good sports bar.
We sat outside and they were accommodating with our request on the tv's.
I ordered the buffalo chicken flatbread which was better than i expected and the frozen sangria is excellent.
Food is a little more expensive than most sports bars, but it is a good place to grab dinner if going to the movies next door.
Happy hour specials are descent but only run Monday-Friday.

We sat outside with a group of friends.
The waitress was knowledgeable and handled our group requests without a problem.
Manager even turned the channel to the game we wanted.
The grilled shrimp and the chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries were both really good.
I would rather hang out at this sports bar than some others around town:  clean, good food & drinks, nice staff, and not over crowded.

It was so incredibly loud on Sunday afternoon for NFL that my ears ached!
The nachos were ok.
I will not be back and if you want to preserve your hearing don't go.

Volume was unacceptably high; food was mediocre.
There are many better choices around.

I came here the other night looking for beer and bar food, and was pleasantly surprised.
Everything was delicious from our entrees of Monte Cristo and Steak tacos right down to how the loaded fries were seasoned.
Even all the sauces they give you with the tacos are awesome!
It seemed like they payed attention to detail in EVERYTHING they cooked.
I plan on going back to catch a game or two!

Yummoooo wings and lots of draft beers to choose from!!
Perfect place to visit before the movies!!!
Onion rings, sweet potato fries & any beer you want to choose from on tap!
Yummy people to look at too makes this a win win for everyone!

Myself and a friend headed here after hitting up a movie at the AMC next door and despite the later hour the staff was friendly and warm when we came in.
We were seated in a booth towards the back of the restaurant and the server came up within seconds to take our drink order.
When the waitress returned with our drinks we were ready to order and she was happy to oblige.
I had the mushroom and swiss burger and my friend had the boneless buffalo wings with a side of fries.
The burger was cooked to a darker medium - I usually like medium rare, but I don't remember being asked what temp, so it's probably a standard for the establishment.
As we were finishing up, I requested a to-go order for my fiancee so that he would have something to eat when he got off work.
The waitress had the food out within a couple of minutes, and he really enjoyed the burger and mashed potatoes.
Overall: A Definitely a place we will go back to when in the area!
The staff was really friendly and the food was good - next go around I think I'll get chicken tenders!

The beer was cold and the server (Drew) was great until I complained about the pork dinner being dry.
I told her not to bring me more food.
She said no one ever told her the pork was bad.
I at least expected the pork to be taken off the bill.
NOT.
I won't be back...

Blue 32 is a great place to come for some bar food and drinks any day of the week.
There are many TV's to watch any game and a small outdoor patio to enjoy your meal.
It was not too over crowded and the atmosphere was enjoyable.
Ordered a burger and opted for the sweet potato fries instead of regular, wasn't the best.
My friends also had burgers with sweet potato fries and gobbled them up!
But I would come back or suggest to you if you are looking for this sort of place to eat.

Meh.
Bar food.
Greasy.
Our server would disappear for long periods of time and it took her about 20 minutes to bring us our beer.

This is a sports bar so the service is a little on the slow side if you happen to be in a hurry.
Food is very good, fresh and properly cooked.
Turkey Reuben is fabulous as well as the tacos and burgers.
Love that Wednesday evening is kids eat free night - bring something to do during the waiting periods.
TV's everywhere so you never have to strain to check out your favorite game/match.
Servers are always friendly.
Friendly crowds.
Nice patio weather permitting.

Pretty cool sports bar with great TV coverage, had a party of 12 so did apps and hordevres.
Drinks were good but a little pricey and need better selection on whiskey.

Went in for a quick happy hour drink because I had some time to kill before meeting the family at outback steakhouse.
I actually went to outback first but after realizing that their beer and drink selection was crap I decided to head over to blue 32.
The bartender Steph was really nice and engaging in conversation.
I ended up having 2 drinks before meeting the family and will be back on a Sunday when their 4 Peaks beer selection is only $4 for a 22oz.
Good time and friendly bartenders!

