Excellent pumpkin pie at this location ONLY in the world!
very friendly staff

My family's recent meal at Marie Callendar's came to about $15 per person.
Was it worth it?
Perhaps not.
Was it good though?
Yes.
I ordered beef stroganoff.
It was very good.
There was no shortage of mushrooms and the beef was very tender.
No complaints.
My dad ordered a soup and salad bar.
Fine.
Also ordered that night was hot wings and a side of fries, a turkey sandwich with avocado, and a chicken finger sandwich.
None of us had any complaints.
The corn bread and honey butter was fantastic as always.
The service was quick and friendly.
It was a nice evening out with my family.
However, for food that is just slightly better than a place like Denny's, the price is more than what I like to pay.

Last night's meal came with a side of cockroach.
As in there was literally a cockroach crawling on our table.
Of course, we didn't see it until after we finished our dinner.
Our waiter, Sergio, brought out the manager as he went to go charge the credit card that my boyfriend so kindly provided, despite the fact that we shouldn't have had to pay and we wouldn't have since the manager would have taken care of it had Sergio not been so efficient.
I'm sure there are other health codes being violated.
I am extremely grossed out and will never eat at this location again.
Mark my words.

Not being able to decide exactly what we wanted to do for lunch, we opted for the ever consistent Marie Callender's.
We were greeted with a smile and promptly shown to a booth.
It's hard to beat their soup and salad bar lunch.
The potato cheese soup is a meal in itself along with some warm cornbread.
The salad bar offers fresh veggies and chunks of real turkey.
My buddy decided on a Parmesan club that looked might tasty.
It must have been, as he devoured it.
The iced tea was fresh and the service was good.
I haven't been to this location in a while and wasn't disappointed.

The food was ok, but our service was TERRIBLE.
Our server took at least 10 min to acknowledge us and ignored us most of the time.
We had to ask her repeatedly for things and remind her what we had ordered.
She was not friendly at all.
We were going to order dessert but we we were too frustrated with our service that we had to leave.
On a side note the ac was literally blowing is away.
Which is good in a hot summer day, but it made for an ice cold lunch.

Love this spot.
It is a very casual almost diner/cafe feel.
The prices are cheap and the food is good.
The pot pie had a crispy, flaky top with creamy gravy with veggies and chicken below.
Then we followed with a piece of pumpkin pie that was yum!
The pie menu is one of the biggest I have seen in a long time with everything from razzleberry to coconut cream.
Don't plan to eat here without finishing with a slice!
We had a small problem that is not worth mentioning, but management took care of is immediately!!!
Great staff!

This place is really great!
I brought my Grandpa back and he ordered the pot pie again.
The picture turned out much better, so check out the golden flaky crust I bragged about before.
:) I ordered a cup of the soup of the day, which was chicken tortilla, by the urging of the waitress.
It was not as good as she claimed, but it was decent.
Then I ordered the Salad mixed plate which comes with the following: 1.
A piece of quiche with bacon on top that was cheesy and delicious!!
The crust was so rich and buttery that I could have eaten it alone.
A scoop of their Waldorf chicken salad.
It had the right mixture of sweet from the raisins and apples and savory from the mayonnaise based dressing.
A summer balsamic garden salad that has the right ingredients of tangerines, candied pecans and crispy greens.
And I have to mention the warm, sweet cornbread they serve that rivals many a cornbread from my hometown in Louisiana.
Of course we could not come to Marie Calendars without getting pie, but we were so full by this point....So we ordered Togo of coconut cream pie, which is amazing,  and a slice of pecan to remind me of home.
Love his place!!!

