I am kind of a crossfit addict now.
As I was planning my vacation out in Phoenix I figured I might as well find a crossfit box while I was out here.
After emails around and researching the web, and coming across a friend of a friend that is a member here, I decided to go to my first team WOD class.
I have yet to go to a team WOD class at my own box.
This was pretty cool because I was it was free class day and time, and my friend got to come along as well.
The box is awesome because there is a play area for kids and they have kids events.
There is also a fridge in which you are able to buy fresh grass fed meats, and produce!
They also offer Reebok Crossfit items at a discount.
This place has a supportive environment and dedication to the sport.
Some of the coaches went to see the games in LA, and the coaches themselves are pretty fantastic!
I felt very welcomed and encouraged to participate.
It was so much fun that my friend and I came back a couple days later, and I got my friend to get a membership here and has become hooked on crossfit.
Shout out to Coach Skip and his staff for an awesome box!

First off just let me say my father was a competitive/ professional weight lifter and as such he has always been very specific about form and technique.
That being said, when I first began CrossFit he was concerned that I would be joining a "box" that was "all competition without care for safety ".
Needless to say, his fears regarding WildFire were misconstrued.
The coaches at WildFire take every care to ensure safety and form.
This isn't to say that they go "easy" on you...these coaches will push you to your utmost potential as you evolve towards your fitness goals.
Whether those goals are to compete, lose weight, gain muscle, or just get healthy, they provide the tools and motivation to help you do your best.
One thing that my husband and I value more than anything about WildFire is the community.
It is one big happy family.
One concern I had before starting was that it would be clicky or that people would be judgemental.
Not here!
We were warmly welcomed by all...in fact first timers normally receive applause :) Ever since, we have been part of the WildFire family and have made lasting friendships with other positive people.
The gym is very kid friendly...our daughter runs to the door every morning after breakfast so excited to head over to CrossFit.
There is an enclosed kid area to side where she can be seen and play.
Like I said I could go on on how fabulous WildFire's community and coaches are but to wrap it up let me just say that as a result of WildFire CrossFit I have lost 10% of stubborn post baby fat and have made huge gains in my fitness level.
Such as increasing my deadlift by 25lbs in just three weeks!
Not to mention being able to run again without stopping every two seconds...  Great box, fabulous coaches, amazing people, and real results.

Awesome crossfit box!
I dropped in during a business trip and fell in love with the ambiance and people.
Highly recommend this gym!

This place delivers results!
I started out at Wildfire six weeks ago with no previous CrossFit experience; I hadn't even been to a gym in over three years.
Skip, Tiff and the other coaches took the time to make sure I was doing the exercises properly, safely and at a level of difficulty that matched my abilities.
Day  by day I can feel my strength, endurance and agility improve.
In the last three weeks alone, I lost 10 lbs., reduced my body fat by 2.4% and shrunk my waist 4 in.
Significant, measurable results!
I can't thank the Wildfire coaches and my fellow athletes enough for their support and motivation.
You make working out challenging, but fun!

