After passing by this place numerous times, my family and I decided to check it out.
We definitely hit the jackpot!
The amount of movies that are there overwhelmed me without a doubt!
They have so many varieties: romance, comedy, sci-if, children,newly released, my favorite horror films, and much more.
In the back they have the cutest little movie theater (which i cant wait to try out with a date night) and the candy is ENDLESS!
What I loved best was how super cool and friendly the owners are!
They definitely make you feel welcome and are more than wiling to help you out.
I'm glad our curiosity got the best of us the night we stopped in because I have found the best movie rental store in Vegas!

A great place to rent DVDs.
They are cheaper then Redbox and don't charge extra for Bluray.
Only $1 per night or rent 5 movies for $5 and get to keep them for 3 nights.
They have an extensive collection of movies so you can watch your old favorites or rent a recently released hit.
They have a small theater you can rent out for date night or a private event.
How fun is that?
Don't forget you can buy candy there by the pound.
Who doesn't love to eat candy while watching a good movie.
The owners are super sweet people and a real pleasure to interact with.
Give this mom and pop business a try.

What a great find.
Rented a DVD last night from Movies and Candy.
This place is fantastic, lots of movies to choose from.
They have older movies, lesser known independent films, and new releases.
The movies and Blu-ray are only $1 per night.
They also have a theater in the back with a 90 in screen that you can rent.
Candy is also available for purchase.
Almost broke down and bought the wax lips.
The couple running the store was so nice and offered great suggestions on movies.
This is definitely my new go to place to rent movies and support the local mom and pop shop.

What a great find.
Rented a DVD last night from Movies and Candy.
This place is fantastic, lots of movies to choose from.
They have older movies, lesser known independent films, and new releases.
The movies and Blu-ray are only $1 per night.
They also have a theater in the back with a 90 inch screen that you can rent.
Candy is also available for purchase by the pound.
Almost broke down and bought the wax lips.
The couple running the store was so nice, sweet, friendly, and offered great suggestions on movies.
You can tell that movies are a passion for them.
This is definitely my new go to place to rent movies and support the local mom and pop shop.

This place is a gem.
It's stocked with interesting movies - not necessarily what you'd find at Blockbuster, if they still had those stores - but a lot of well-regarded movies from recent years.
I am a fan of old movies, and they have a nice, if small, selection of those too.
I didn't look around very much, because I found a DVD to rent just in a few minutes.The candy is charming.
Best part is the owners, Katie and Trevor, who actually work in the store.
We had a nice chat about movies, San Francisco and Las Vegas.
I will be back to support them.
You should go there too.
Great place to take kids for a movie or candy treat.

Ok, the novelty of this place is that it is a locally owned business, yada yada yada.
I give credit where credit is due, and support many locally owned businesses, but this won't be one of them.
There is nothing unique about this place.
It is some rich kid who decided to sell/rent his personal collection of movies.
He kept bragging across the store to his girlfriend (since my friend and i were the only the people in the store) about how he went down to Blockbuster and picked the employees brain about their prices/strategies.
Oh yeah, excellent idea.
Let's take pointers from a franchise that is going down faster than a two cent hooker.
The movie selection was weak, and most of the niche "cult" movies they had were available on Netflix instant stream.
Not only that, but he (the owner in sweat pants because he's too cool) never asked if we needed any help and was too busy bragging about uncovering Blockbuster's secrets.
He also talked to some man on the phone and after hanging up the phone spoke condescendingly of the guy on the phone, but said something to the effect of "I don't know, but we just made $15 off him".
Everything in this place screams spoiled rich brat who has brought a dying concept of owning a video store thinking he is a special little snowflake.
The candy?
Barrels of crap like lemon heads, tootsie rolls, and variation of other junky candy you find in those generic bags of candy when you click yes to add candy to the flowers you're ordering for someone.
I asked his girlfriend who was ringing out my friend (who after a long search found 3 movies to buy for $10) about the candy they had behind the counter.
She seemed uninterested to elaborate on any of it.
There is nothing unique or original about this store or its cocky owner.
I can see this being unique for those who've never heard of Netflix streaming or Redbox.
Hell, I'd even rather give Blockbuster my business.

My BF and I came here for a late Valentine's Day date night and rented the theatre to watch a beloved classic...one of which the BF had never seen in its entirety.
We met Trevor and Katie (the owners) and they were very friendly.
Trevor went out of his way to make sure that we would have a good time.
The popcorn inside the theatre was freshly popped and we were allowed to bring our own spirited libations.
We will be back to enjoy another movie night!

"Go ahead.
Make my day.
"  These guys made mine fo sho!
Hubby was sick for valentines day, but he was a trooper & we went out together to grab a video.
So glad i checked out this little gem!
First of all, the place is small.
Like postage stamp sized.
BUT: EVERY movie is a hand-picked gem.
There are newer selections as well as classics, and theyre grouped according to micro-categories, like western, supernatural thrillers, etc.
large selection of family films.
The staff were super personable, and the best part was rentals were a DOLLAR!
With only $1 a day in late fees!
They also had a little home theater seating what looked like four people with a large screen.
You can rent this room & watch a movie in your own private screening room for $8!
How cool is that?!?
Im totally going to try this next time!
I really love the fact that i can rent "the cream of the crop" movies here, and i know that each one will be a winner, because theyve all been handpicked.
5 stars

Small shop, I like that its locally owned.
Decent movie selection and friendly service.
$1.00 per movie rental and lots of candy variations to choose from.

They don't charge extra for bluray.
Good thing seeing as we rented 5 blurays and get home only to find out we got 4 dvds and one bluray.
That wouldn't have been so bad if they were actually open at eleven as their sign states.
Then we called to see if they actually have the movies we wanted on bluray but they won't answer and it says the mailbox is full.
I want this place to do well but it is so poorly run I will be amazed if it makes it past summer.

This is video rental store is a gift!
They have so many movies - over 12,000 titles!
The vibe is cool and Trevor and Katie are super personable.
Check it out!

Just wanted to add that one of the dvds was the special features disc and the old lady working there told us we should have checked to see that we got blurays because they just substitute dvds when they don't have bluray.

This classy joint encourages their customers/family/friends to send insults to those that aren't buying into this hipster's hype.
Stay classy Movies & Candy.

I have no idea how anyone could write something bad about something so pure and good.
This place is nostalgia personified.
When I walked in I immediately and strangely felt so at home.
You younger ones (god, I date myself) don't remember VHS and the time before Blockbuster, but I do and it was a magical time.
This store gives me a little of that and I'm loving it.
Went over to the new section, I wasn't feeling it for the oldies tonight (but I love them and I will be back to rent those next time - they have a ton!
), and found five Blu-rays just like that.
Perfect.
The very kind owner gave me a big discount for it being my first time which pretty much ensures my loyalty, but really it was just the personal touch that really got me here.
His wife was also there and they were just so nice.
No pretense, just people who love what they do and want you to love it too.
I'm there.
Also, this place was PACKED.
There was non-stop traffic if this tells you anything about how great this place is.
Seriously.
So, great place to pick up your favorite candy and some great movies and feel like you used to before technology got a stranglehold on you and made you lazy!
I love this place.
I'm planning on getting friends together and renting a movie, pulling a cooler full of beer in and enjoying their real live theater as my own!
So fun!
Get here, it's everything you think it will be and more!
I can see this being my new movie addiction!

The only place I will ever rent movies from!
New movies, old movies, and EVERY movie you can think of!
Candy selection was an absolute blast from the past!
Staff was unbelievable, you ask for a movie title, they look it up and find it for you!
Candy by the pound, and I mean some really cool unique stuff!
If you have ever watched a movie in your life, YOU NEED TO GO TO MOVIES & CANDY!

This place is such a wonderful addition to our neighhourhood.
Their collection of new releases and hard-to-find classics and cult films is amazing!
They recently started carrying great old school sodas and local kettle corn.
Highly recommended, great owners and service.
Love this freaking place!!!!

They have an enormous selection of new and old movies, and even TV show series.
I was shocked that they had an old 80's TV comedy show that I liked called Sledgehammer.
The prices are great, and I'd much rather support the local folks rather than Redbox.
There is a cool looking theatre in the back of the store where you can watch a movie , and they will make popcorn from the old-school machine.
The other nice thing is that the discs that I rented didn't look like they were handled by Freddy Krueger.

I am so happy this  shop is so close to our house.
We always stop in to get the latest new release or to peruse the older flicks to find something we haven't seen.
It is always fun to rent a movie from actual people instead of the red machine outside the corner pharmacy.
The owners are so friendly and fun to chat with as well.
So grab a couple movies and a big bag of your favorite candy to munch on while watching!

Who knew I'd miss video/movies stores so much?!?!
They have a huge selection of movies to choose from (we rented Thor: The Dark World & Oblivion) and plenty of movie memorabilia to buy (life-size Captain Jack Sparrow?...Yes please!).
Just a side note, grab the movie box you want even if it is blu ray box.
They only put out the empty boxes.
We grabbed Thor DVD and Oblivion blu ray, but ended up getting the opposite (The staff will tell you if it's blu ray or DVD before you rent it).
My husband went nuts for all the candy selections (cowtails to starbusrts), but I am a salt fan and didn't see many popcorn purchase options (even the microwave kind).
They have a cool theatre in the back you can rent out at $10 or so per person that includes popcorn.
I love supporting local businesses and this business was a great combination of candy movies and community.

Awesome store and the owners are too cool.
I don't even know what i want when i go there anymore, I just ride off their suggestions which are 99.99% good.
It's not really a question of IF i am going here anymore, it's an addiction or a habit or something like that... Like a reviewer below stated perfectly, "Nostalgia personified.

Found a charge on my account that appeared out of nowhere.
I went into the store and asked them if they received my voice-mail / message of concern regarding my account.
The reply I received was: "We're a video store - we don't check messages".
The store manager was indifferent to my concern and appears to care less about retaining customers.
So, I cancelled my account.
Simple really...

FINALLY!!!!
My long search for a brick and mortar movie rental establishment is over.
For years I had been tired of being driven to renting movies from Red Box, watching Netflix or searching on YouTube.
The comfort of walking into a building where you can rent the newest movies, cult classics, horror, sci-fi and even classic Hollywood films.
The fact that you don't have to settle for a very limited selection or have to wait 3 months to be able to rent new theater releases is so refreshing.
Plus, the owner is a complete soda buff which to me is great because he always has some great selections if craft sodas.
They also carry a good variety of candies so if you're going to make it a movie night at home, this is a one stop shop.
The only down side, yet it won't prevent me from going, is that it is a bit far from the east side of town where I live in.
I would love it of this place would be successful enough to open up a second or even third location in town.
Hopefully one day, but for now, I'm still happy that this place exists.

We have attended several parties here.
Love it.
For parties you can reserve the viewing room for 2 or more people.
So good for not only kids parties but adult birthdays anniversary and date nights.
Yes they have a great selection of movies as well as candy.
You may bring in food as well.
The place is family owned by Henderson locals..

