Checked around a bit for a windshield for a late model Tacoma.
Glass Doctor was a lot cheaper than the big glass company and a bit cheaper than everyone else.
They showed up on time and there were no up-charges.
I'd use them again.

Stay as far away from these guys as possible.
Never showed for auto glass appointment.
Would not return calls.
When I did talk with their dispatcher I know it was after lunch but he didn't have to belch over the phone.
I'm amazed they're in business.

We setup an appointment to have our windshield replaced.
They said you need to be home between 12-5pm (cause who doesn't have 5 hours to wait around?
) Sure enough, 4:30 comes and not a peep.
We call into the general line, the man said he would call the installer to get an ETA.
5:30 no return call and no installer.
Call again, get another woman who says the same thing.
Told her we just had someone else say the same thing to us an hour ago (that they'd call the installer and provide an ETA) and she said "we'll figure out if we need to reschedule you.
" Just terrible!
I would recommend going elsewhere.

On the first appt the tech tried to cancel on me then instead arrived hours late.
I had an appt on a Saturday 10-2.
I called the office and switched the address the car would be at.
The technician called me at 2 after I waited all morning telling me that he wouldn't be making it to my appt and gave some excuse and a previous call and the bad day he had.
I had NO window on my drivers side so it was very urgent.
I told him I would just call another company.
So then he stated he would still make it but would be late.
I then get a call from the office asking why I'm not answering the door and that the repair guy is there.
He was at the wrong address so I had to give the office the address again to give the repair guy.
He showed up a few hours later.
Fixed it fast and advised that I need two other windows replaced.
After he left, I noticed that he did not remove any of the glass in my door.
I now hear it rattling around every time I open and shut the door.
The window grinds on something (maybe glass?
) when it goes up.
I called for a second appt to get the remainder windows done and to have the first window fixed the right way and the glass taken out of the door.
The female in the office said I was scheduled that afternoon between 3-4.
I waited and waited but no one showed!
At 4:30 I call the office and the man who answered said they were closed and he was an answering service.
I am now having another company come out and replace the windows AND fix what the technician did.
I just hope there isnt damage for having glass sit in the track this entire time!

They came out and replaced a window to our penthouse condo and the window doesn't close properly now.
I made MANY requests for them to return and fix the issue and was ignored.
Finally gave up!

