Going to give this 5 stars even though it is the second day they are open.
Here is why:  To start the food was great, I had the Fish & Chips, the fish is Cod in a beer batter with coleslaw and fries.
I even liked the slaw, it had the right mix of vinegar and mayo.
TJ had had the wood fire pizza.
While the crust was a bot thick, the pizza was awesome.
To top it off our waitress was very friendly and prompt.
The over the top thing was when they offered to store the extra pizza until we came out of the movies.....how cool is that!!

Food was pretty good, got the panini even though it didn't seem like a panini to me.
It was a sandwich on a ciabatta roll.
They brought complimentary chips which were very good.
Ordered a Bloody Mary and had to send it back (a first for me) but they gladly took it off and brought me something else.
Nice staff, very nice atmosphere.
Will be back!

What a great experience.
Really good food and cheaper than most of the less than good places to eat in Maricopa.
Amazing costumer service.
Husband had the Santa Fe Burger and loved it.
MIL had the panini and loved it as well and she is hard to please.
This is def our new go to place to eat here in town.
Maybe it will inspire the rest of the Maricopa restaurants to stop serving below par food.

We went to 347 Grill for dinner last night, and the food was surprisingly good.
The entrees were overpriced (as they are in the few restaurants in Maricopa).
We had burgers and salads, and they came out well prepared, and very tasty.
The sample of homemade chips with dips was a nice touch!
The server was very pleasant, but seemed to spend a little too much time watching the big screen TV instead of seeing that we needed drink refills.
Fortunately, one of his co-workers came over and helped us out.
We will definitely be back.

We went here for a late lunch on a weekday afternoon.
There weren't but a few customers.
We had checked out the menus online - which didn't match the menu at the resturant (less items at the place).
They bring out homemade chips with chipolte mayo - which was probably the best part of the meal.
Their "BIG" BLT is only big because it's on huge bread - with 3-4 pieces of bacon.
The chicken lettuce wraps (I just subliminally typed craps - and likely should have left it that way) were pretty gross except for the slaw that came with them.
The lobster cakes were reported as "OK".
Nothing came out hot - the french fries were blah, sweet potato fries also blah.
Service was worse than blah.
After calling my dad (a 60 something, BEARDED man) - a Ma'am, every trip back to the table came with an excuse.
Drinks were refilled, but by the time she got back with a refill someone else was ready for more.
Hubby's sandwich came out with the wrong fries - but instead of leaving the plate, she took the whole thing back to the kitchen so it could get a little colder while they put different lukewarm fries on his plate.
Yep - this place is pretty and shiney - but for $10-15 per person for sandwiches I think I'll take the time to drive to town!

Beautiful establishment, but the food is not so good.
The service was not good either.
The mozzarella bites I ordered were cold.
I went at 6pm for dinner and they were out if steak so I settled for a burger and it was cold as well.
I spoke with the manager, Craig, and he was was very rude.
If you want good food and service I do not recommend 347 grill.

I am giving this review under some duress.
I want to score higher but I have to inform fellow Yelpsters that this is perhaps a better place for dinner than lunch based on two experiences.
I hope to review this again later and see if things get beter.
But here is the skinny.
Our group arrived about an hour before the movie so that we could eat and then go in for an early show.
Since there were kids involved, we could not take advantage of eating in the theatre on the second level where your food is delivered to your seat.
We let the hostess know that we had only an hour and would only sit to eat if the food could fit in that time frame.
And it really should have.
We ordered wings and a pepperoni pizza.
Unfortunately, all was delayed.
We got Cokes and water and waited.
Then wings came out.
Wings were delicious but not worth a 30 minute wait.
When the pizza arrived, the bottom was completely burned.
Blacker than my blackberry is all I am saying.
I would not complain about some blackness as they use a brick  oven but this was not edible.
So we waited for that to be fixed and then ran over to the movie...pizza in hand.
So, with that said, the service was still actually "good".
The server was polite and apologetic.
They also accomodated so that we could bring the pie to the movie to eat.
Just seems that they need a little more  polishing up.
On antoher note, there is a great cheesesteak being made there... and you know that I have a list on good cheesesteaks.
Let me try this place once more and get back.

I've been here twice.
It's a little pricey for what you get but generally the food is pretty good.
The service on the other hand not so good, which is why 3 stars instead of 4.
Our entire meal service was slow, food a little cold and slow on refills, bc the wait staff, including the manager, was socializing with a couple of young girls seated next to us.
Not sure if they were also employees but the entire meal wait staff was coming over and taking pics and just hanging around the booth.
I mean really can you be a bit more professional.
Oh then when we wanted to order dessert our waiter looked bothered.
Apparently the restaurant was closing in a 1/2 hr and he was too busy, so we just skipped it.
Probably the manager and wait staff need some more training.

As a date night my fiancee and I had an early dinner here a couple weeks ago.
We were instantly seated and immediately greeted by our server.
She was very nice and well-informed about the menu.
The homemade potato chips were really good and nice alternative to bread at the table.
We ordered the mozzarella appetizer and were very impressed.
This place is clearly trying to do more with what can be a generic appetizer.
She orders a sandwich of which she loved.
I ordered the prime rib.
The steak was slightly overcooked but well seasoned.
The veggie mix was boring.
I'm not a fan of squash and zucchini so I'd like to see either a steamed broccoli or grilled asparagus option.
The cheesy garlic mash was cold when the plate was first delivered, but a quick word to our server and I was given a fresh serving.
It was very good.
Over all it was a good meal.
When it was time for desert we originally declined for we're not really desert people.
We were told the chef was trying a new recipe so we ordered one to take home to our daughter.
A few minutes later the chef came to our table telling us about the desert and asked about our overall experience.
To me this was a nice change to the mundane chain restaurants, especially in a small town like the Copa.
The place is new and there is a lot of potential.
We are excited to see how this place improves.
We will definitely be going back.

I was pleasantly surprised with the 347 Grill.
The menu offers something different for everyone and uses twists on classics to spice things up.
Prices were reasonable and the staff was very nice.
I will definately return for dinner and a movie across the way.
All things being said with the appalling lack of restaurant options in Maricopa this place is a lifesaver.

Service was great food was great just kind of annoying being in the same room as a bowling alley the kids screaming etc when you try to eat and have a conversation

My husband and I went around 530 on a Thursday night.
I had prime rib which was excellent and cooked as exactly as I ordered it.
My husband had ribs and they were also very good.
lots of food for the money and our waiter Jonathan was great!!
Will go ahead!!
Try it out!

We have given this place 2 attempts and both times we have left disappointed.
Food is very bland, no flavor.
And on the expensive side for a restaurant inside a movie theatre.
Even with the limited options in Maricopa, I still will not eat here anymore.

Everything I have ever eaten here has been great.
I would consider this place one of the only upscale areas of Maricopa thanks largely in part to the cities red rape.
I'd be nice to have other places like this.
Also the staff has always been really nice.
I have zero complaints!

If I could give 0 stars, I would.
The only good thing was the server.
He was nice and tried to be accommodating, but ultimately, the failure of the restaurant as a whole overshadowed his attempts.
Valentine's Day night, and also my girlfriend's birthday.
Went out with her parents, got there around 7:30, walked past 3-4 empty tables, and past 3-4 young/teen?
servers/hosts?
who didn't appear to be doing much.
Told it would be an HOUR wait.
Chose to wait, seated a little before 9, LIMITED (and expensive) menu, ordered appetizer, took a while to come, tasted pretty weak.
Girlfriend ordered cocktail, poorly mixed, bad flavor.
Was told kitchen behind...?
but saw cook walking around dining room?
Still servers milling around not doing much.
Place seemed almost empty..?
Very weird.
No sign of food by 9:30??
Decided to leave.
Manager not accommodating, patronizing, rude.
Atmposhere tacky, lame.
What is the deal with this place?
Do NOT waste your time.

We go frequently to see movies and have often thought of eating at the 347, but just weren't hungry, lacked time.
On our most recent movie day, we decided to eat at the 347 after the movie......and it was FANTASTIC!!!
I love the ambience, the waitress was so sweet and helpful and the food was so delish!!!
We were brought a plate of home made potato chips with chipotle dip and they were very tasty!!
Love the sauce!
We ordered the fish and chips and the crust was light and crispy!!
perfect!!!
the cole slaw was so good.
I usually don't like cole slaw but theirs is really wonderful.
and the fries were very tasty.
We like the big screen by the bar, with sports for hubby to glance at and the music videos were great.
We also had desert - cheesecake to die for!!!!!
Very pleasant atmoshpere and this is the ONLY place we will eat in Maricopa now!!

How awesome it is to have this fun and friendly place come to the Copa!
The staff are friendly and personable, the starter chips and dip are amazing and addicting, and Chef can cook anything from a mean steak to the portobello burger and it's going to be great.
It's a great addition to our small town!

Very good food, Great Calamari..... Pizza is good too....  Great service... Pricey but worth it...

The place looked nice.
Our waiter Q was good.
The food was terrible.
I ordered the rotisserie chicken.
My first couple of bites were alright.
About the third bite in, I noticed my chicken was bleeding.
Called our waiter over and showed him.
He apologized and took the food back.
I had to wait a while to get my food the second time.
Meanwhile, you would think someone from management would have talked to us, but that never happened.
By the time I received my food, I was grossed out from the bloody chicken and the lack of contact from management.
Nothing even got comped.
Very disappointed!
Never eating here again and I hope I don't get sick from the under cooked poultry.

EXCELLENT!!
Eating the food was like a party in my mouth!
I can't wait to go again!

