This place is an awesome concept!
For a low monthly subscription (I believe $49) I get weekly adjustments.
The average cost is $12.50 which is cheaper than the co-pay I had back when I had awesome health insurance.
This is a walk-in clinic and allows for immediate help when pain develops.
The place is clean, staff is friendly and the DC's seem to be pretty good at their art.
I highly recommend The Joint and use their services regularly!

My boyfriend was having back trouble one day.
He came across their website & wanted to try it out.
I went with him out of curiosity to find out more about the place.
To my amazement I saw how great the care & friendly service was.
I said to myself, "I'd be a fool if didn't come here.
"   I have anxiety to the point where I'm ALWAYS tense in my shoulders & neck.
He worked all the kinks out, you feel refreshed when you leave.
I would recommend this to anyone that needs an adjustment.

Do not go.
I was sick and canceled my membership and was still charged for two months.
I had better results from a real chiropractors office.
After canceling due to being sick they treated me like you should never treat a customer.
I tried it because it was close to home, what a mistake.

Fabulous chiropractors at this location!
I was in great distress before arriving for my first visit.
I left feeling fabulous, and I'm still feeling great!
And, the times and location are perfect for me!
You don't often find a chiropractor who works on the weekends!

I went here because it was open on Sunday, and most chiropractors are not.
I was leaving on a plane trip in the evening, so I wouldn't be around to see my regular chiropractor the next day.
I've had a very focal sharp pain by my right shoulder.
It was a subluxed rib.
I know this, because I've had one before.
I'm also a medical professional.
But I could not perform the maneuvers I required to replace it by myself.
I gave Dr. Heath the whole story, and I built up hope that he would focus on it.
Instead, what he did was a routine standard spinal and neck maintenance maneuvers.
He didn't do any maneuvers that corrected my specific rib issue  (or tried to), which is the only reason I went.
I left in the same pain (scale 8/10) that I had when I walked in there.
He got my $29.99 for the Walk-In option,  but I won't be returning.

First time here!
I walked right in.
It was so simple.
I can't wait to go back regularly since I needed anew chiropractor.

I pay about 80 bucks a month for me and my wife and I ordered the service for 3 months and it's awesome..you get 4 adjustments a month and it comes out to $10 per visit.now a days going to a chiropractor it's expensive but with this having no insurance it's still cheaper..my deductible with my health insurance is $80 bucks..thank you guys

Very helpful and very comfortable environment.
I was a first time patient and I've never been adjusted before.
They were very informative and professional.
I felt no discomfort during the session and walked out feeling golden.
I would definitely recommend The Joint to my friends and family.
Truly a great experience and I'm looking forward to going back.
5 stars

Awesome!
If you want a no-bs quick fix for a stiff back this is the place to go!
Chiropractor was very knowledgeable.
She evaluated my problems and treated them promptly.
Cheaper than my insurance.
Only gave minus a star because I waited for about 45 mins.

My wife and I come to this location on a weekly basis and always receive great adjustments from Dr. Light.
We highly recommend to anyone who needs professional, fast and convenient chiropractic care.

I really appreciate Dr. Watson's knowledge and expertise.
I would like to request he remain at this location.
I signed up because of him.
He would keep me coming back to this practice.

