With a groupon of about 50% savings, what could go wrong?
...NOTHING!
;)   This was my first ever helicopter ride, and I have to admit that I was a little nervous.
But I couldn't have asked for anything more!
The view was BEAUTIFUL!
My girl friend and I were blown away by the spectacular experience and professionalism of 702 Helicopter.
We will definitely be back!

Me and my friend took a helicopter tour, and we were very impressed!
The pilot was very nice, and professional, we bought a package for a helicopter tour of the vegas strip, and the pilot took us over the strip and then also took us for a tour of red rock canyon also so our 15 minute tour turned into a 45 minute one for free.
I was very impressed with my expierence I highly recommend 702!!

Got the groupon for my vacation to Vegas for my birthday.
Called to schedule b4 I left and while in Vegas with no call back.
Needless to say other then the casinos this was the one thing I was looking forward too.
Thanks for ruining by bday.

This was such an awesome experience, my friend had purchased this for me as a birthday present, and I took my bf and my 7 year old son and they both loved it.
It was a nice experience and a different way to view Las Vegas I highly recommend them!

Thank you 702 Tours for an amazing experience!
I purchased the Las Vegas Strip Helicopter Tour as a surprise for my fiancé Vegas Birthday Bask.
The entire trip was a surprise, I took care of everything.
I purchased the Groupon well in advance of the trip on October 18 for 2 people at $139.99 with the redemption date as Friday Nov 1, for his birthday.
The rate included the tour and a Nate Burton comedy show.
There are several tours offered so I did some shopping around.
This tour was competitively priced and the participants each raved about how great the tour was.
I am no exception.
The tour was amazing!
There was a slight hiccup in reservation.
Per the Groupon a reservation is required; I contacted the tour and attempted to proceed with scheduling over the phone.
The lady from the call center advised me to log into the site directly complete the form and I would be call back.
In the mist of finalizing all the items on our itinerary I noticed that I hadn't validated the arrival time.
I called back and spoke with Tara who toke the reservation, provided guidance about the upcoming tour, and even offered some words of wisdom for a separate paintball activity.
Additional fee are charged at book "airplane surcharge" I think it was around $20-35 and if so desired for an additional $25 we could have paid to ensure it was just us on the tour.
The reservation was confirmed for the desired date, however as we were returning from our morning activity of paintball to check in at the hotel the interstate and traffic along the strip came to a complete hault.
As luck would have it, a protest broke out in front the Cosmopolitan and we couldn't make it for our tour.
Immediately I alert the tour company of the issue I spoke with Tara and attempt to get out time pushed back.
We were stuck in traffic for over 2 hour ultimately we had to pay a $25 change fee to reschedule for Monday November 4.
Brian was our pilot; he was knowledgeable about the area providing charming facts about Las Vegas vs Paradise...
It all makes sense.
He skillfully piloted the helicopter in spite of gusting and provided a velvety smooth landing.
It was a memorable tour and I'd highly recommended it!
I have great video on my camera from atop and great pictures    In the end it all worked out, although I had to speak with Tara in front of my fiancé the surprise was ruined but the experience was amazing.

This was an awesome experience!
Smooth take off & landing, AMAZING VIEW of the light on LV strip & old town!!
Even that back to back traffic that we all dread, it looks like a string of Christmas light from up there.
Pretty cool vantage point, if you are up there!
^__*   Pilot, Brian, was a great host as well.
It just added to the whole Vegas experience!

So I as surprised with this helicopter tour as a gift.
Didnt know what to expect at all.
John at the front dear was very helpful and informative.
The prices were great compared to other tour places and this came with magic show tickets to redeem as well.
Great deal!
When we went up in the helicopter it felt like a video game!
The view as we circled the strip was amazing.
We timed it perfectly on the hour for we also got to see the Bellagio fountain show and the Fremont street experience!
I highly recommend this for it makes for a great Vegas experience!
-Joseph

First time on a helicopter so worth it!
Also Im afraif of heights ...
So imagine how smooth it all was if I gave it 5 stars.
The pilot and the cute green eyed boy were so nice and funny.
17minutes of excitement!

Absolutely amazing!
First time and defenetly amazed!
Beautiful view and very smooth landing and take off.
The pilot was very nice and the cute green eyes boy that helped us was very helpful and took pictures of us before we got on the helicopter.
Very talkative and very funny and did I forget to mention cute (: would defenetly do it again.

Brought Groupon last Tue and made appointment for Sat night to surprise my Mom and Niece and we all loved it!!!
John the pilot and the guy in the office forgot his name but man they were cute!!!
and extremely nice.
The view was amazing just wish I could afford to be in it for a lot longer.
We are all still talking about it.
I would recommend it to anyone that goes to Vegas.

This was one of the most enjoyable things I have experienced in Vegas!
My mom loved it too and we didn't experience any motion sickness at all.
It was a very smooth ride from start to finish and the view was incredible.
We took our ride after dark and were in awe of the strip all lit up.
The tour did a giant loop from the Stratosphere to the south end of the strip and back.
It was over too fast!
We would love to go again.

Bought a groupon deal when going Vegas with my mom and husband.
The chopper you gonna ride is not a big one, not something you saw in the movie but good enough for us to see.
I sat in passenger seat at front and the other two sit at the back, so everyone got a window seat.
20 minute ride to see the Strip and downtown.
Nightview is awesome ( i booked 8pm tour, remember to checkout sunset time).
The captain will not talk a lot (will only tell you where is the best time to take photo for strip, and where is downtown).
When you waiting you are free to look at their airplane garages and take photos, which is a plus!
During this vegas trip I also went to the top of Paris Effie tower to see Vegas from top (in the daytime), and i think helicopter is way better!
BTW the groupon includes a comedy magic show ticket, and the show was awesome, mom said her stomach hurts because she laugh so hard!
Fun time~

Had a night time strip your in April.
It was fantastic although I was abit scared being a first timer in a helicopter.
Ground staff were great and pilot was very informative .
We purchased a groupon for this tour and it was perfect.
Thank you so much 702 helicopters !!
Would defo recommend this company !!!

Bought a groupon with the expectations having a heli tour over "The Strip", and that was exaclty what we got!
Booking was smoothly made through their website, and further on confirmed by a phone call.
We got there pretty early to checkin and after a safety instruction off we go.
Flight is about 10-13 minutes and you go back and forth on different sides of it The strip.
We found it plenty of time to get a nice shoot and for the money we gave, its hard to beat it.
Staff is fun, service minded and gave us a great experience on our trip.
The only tip i could give is to either go there by own car, or book their shuttle van in advance, which is $65 or something like that.
It feels kinda steep but its very close to e reg.
cab ride, and is def.
worth a few extra bucks to have it all set up.
We ended up waiting for a cab for 1 hour after finishing the ride, since our cab driver wanted to take another ride before picking us up again!
(Do i have to add that it was kinda enoying?
)  Expect: Great staff, great view, great value...in vegas!

My friend and I took advantage of Groupon deal with 702, and we are so happy we did!
Brian and Race were so awesome!!
It was my first time in a helicopter, and I am afraid of heights, but I was not scared during the flight at all.
It was really awesome to fly over the strip at night, and Brian was a friendly pilot/tour guide.
The only thing was, when we received the comedy magic show tickets, the expiration date was written incorrectly but Brian emailed me and let me know that he will absolutely take care of this for us the next time we return to Vegas.
THANK YOU!!

Amazing service from start to finish.
Made you feel comfortable and at ease.
The pilot was super friendly and made the flight a perfect experience.

