My fella and have been under the weather and decided to nip our sickness in the bud by trying out the newly opened Urgent Care in our neighborhood.
We walked in and were surprised by how nice the place is.
It looks more like a spa or salon than a place for medical care.
It was pretty empty, probably because it just opened and not too many people know about it yet.
That has always been my main concern about going to a quick care place, having to wait a long time for care, but we were the only people there.
The ladies at the counter were so friendly and nice.
They assured us that they'd make us feel better in no time.
There was some customary paperwork to fill out and once that was complete we were taken immediately back to see the doctor.
Dr. Hanks was extremely friendly and personable.
He made us feel at ease and even offered to see both my fella and myself in the same room, which I thought was nice.
He treated us, but also made small talk and got to know us.
I know that's probably not typical, but since they weren't super busy it was nice that they took that extra time with us.
I'm usually pretty reluctant to go to the doctor too often, but everyone at this facility made the whole process so painless and they really seemed to care.
I hope they keep up this level of service as they become busier.

I dragged my girl here with me because she never wants to see a doctor when she's sick.
They were really nice and we saw a doctor quick.
He prescribed us antibiotics and the such and we felt better in no time.
Great people working here and the office is new and so clean.
Looks more like a day spa.
Glad to have this in the neighborhood.

Wow, I am impressed!
Quick in and out, high quality care, and friendly staff.
Saved our vacation!

Okay so if you're gonna go to Urgent Care, you're going to want to go to one of these locations.
First impression is that you're walking into some sort of swanky hotel.
I love the bright bold colors and textures, the staff are fantastically nice and offer you a bottle of water.
We were in and out in about 45 minutes, including the flushing of my husband's ear to remove the gnarly mound of wax that was jammed up against his ear drum.
The rooms are crazy spacious, there's beautiful art everywhere, so you're not being forced to awkwardly stare at a diagram of some woman's fallopian tubes, and there are iPad mini's to play on.
I hope nothing requires us to come back here, but if it does - it won't be so bad.

I took my injured family member here based on the reviews written.
This is the nicest and most professional urgent care that I have ever visited.
The waiting room is comfortable and inviting.
The staff and physician went above and beyond our expectations in addressing our emergency.
We will be returning tomorrow for follow-up care and looking forward to seeing our new friends at Urgent Care again.

Two thumbs up!!
I super recommend this clinic for any urgent care.
Goodbye forever to UMC urgent care.....Welcome forever to Urgent Care Extra because they truly are the best clinic in town!

Fantastic experience!!
Got me in and out super fast.
This will definitely be my go to urgent care.
The staff was super friendly!!

Fantastic service.
Super clean.
I never would have thought this was an urgent care.
It looks like a regular doctor's office in a really nice part of town.
Dr. Ty Hanks was professional & helpful.
Great experience.
Thank you so much for helping my husband.
We definitely recommend this office to anyone that is in need of urgent care.

The best urgent care facility I have been too.
It beats every quick care I have been too.
Got in right away and the dr was patient an good.
Took his time an explained everything well.
Very clean facility an a pharmacy right on hand which was great.
Will def go back to this urgent care center foe sure.

I was surprised to see how spacious and clean this quick care is compared to other quick care facilities.
There were hardly any patients there.
Unlike most other facilities that still made me wait for 2 hours despite having only a handful of patients in the waiting, this facility was about to get me out of there within no time!
I was done with everything including writing paperwork and getting my prescription papers handed out to me in less than an hour on a Saturday!
The staff was also very friendly --you can hear it in their voice that they're genuine people.

I'm extremely impressed with how efficient the set up is at this Urgent Care.
This office is extremely clean, the decor is inviting and spacious, nice knowledgable staff, and most importantly...
They get you in and out.
All the exam rooms are very clean.
Hope the visits aren't regular, but if you require a visit I would highly suggest coming to this urgent care office.

I found this clinic because one of our people rolled her ankle the night before on the strip.
The  doctor was very nice and thorough and the medical assistant was also very nice.
We went the next day for a follow up because the splint that they had done was uncomfortable.
Normally I would be upset that we had to go back but the PA who was working there was really nice and changed the splint without charging us extra.
Overall, this clinic is cheap and fast if you have no insurance so I would recommend it

This place sucks,I was there on 07/30/2013 and I am never going back in this place again.
They are not there to help you.
They just want to make money.
Never provide your full info other wise you will get billed latter like i did for $908 for a test that i did not authorized.
I also tried calling them for 4-5 times no luck you will just be told to call someone els.
Even the medicine that they prescribed was not working so they changed after couple of days.
DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE.

I walked in about 645pm last night.
(Checked in to the wrong location.
oops!
lol)  They accept my insurance, which is huge, since the last time I went to an urgent/quick care they didn't.
I waited for a little while, but was taken back by about 7, 710.
The medical assistant who took my vitals was nice, and very quick.
Dr. Templar was pretty good.
He expressed concern that I hadn't gone to the ER (I was having severe abdominal pain, but I've been dealing with it for 4 years.
I can't be admitted to the hospital and miss another 3-5 days of work.
)  He prescribed an antibiotic for the UTI, and then we discussed pain management for me.
He wanted to try a non-narcotic, but those make me vomit.
(sadly, they also trash my kidneys, which is what I'm in pain from anyway).
He gave me a prescription for vicodin, which so far has worked wonders.
He also provided me with a name for a new Urologist, since I mentioned I didn't have one anymore.
They offered to fill my prescriptions there for $15...but I'm glad that I went to cvs, as it was only $5 for both.
Total.
All in all, this is a clean, friendly, and thorough location.
I will be going back on the occasions that I can't get in to see my doctor.

Great service and staff.
Came in with my 3 and 1 yr old daughter s. Both had pink eye and an ongoing cough.
Dr. Johnson was clear and patient with my girls.
Would definitely come back for future care.

They said they accept my insurance and only needed to pay the co pay.
So I got a quick diagnoses for what I presumed to be a sinus infection.
I told them I've never had any allergies what-so-ever, but they gave me nasal steroids and antihistamines which did nothing after a few days of trying them.
Then I went back and they gave me an antibiotic which took care of it.
Then the bill came and they don't accept my insurance.
So they lied to me, and they never once mentioned that a basic office consultation costs $250 x 2 for misdiagnosis even though I told them it wasn't allergies.
Very disappointed with them.
Will never go there again.
May be bills sit in collections forever.

I brought my husband in during a work trip to Vegas due to food poisoning.
PROS: Super clean.
Nice, vibrant decor to not make it look so depressing and clinical.
iPads in each room (although the one I was in wasn't working).
Friendly nurses.
CONS:  Offices open at 8, we came in at 7:50 to fill out paper work.
We were in the room by 8:15 but the doctor didn't come in until 8:30.
The walls are very thin and we heard our doctor and a nurse arguing in the lobby.
Then he came into the room.
It was kind of awkward but when you have a sick husband in the room, you don't sweat the small stuff.
Overall it was a good experience but there were some hiccups.

Update!
I went back to Urgent care on Wednesday, feeling like I was going to die.
I waited for about an hour, which really wasn't too bad, considering how many people were there ahead of me.
Dr. Templar remembered me from my visit over a month ago, which impressed the living daylights out of me.
He was fast, thorough, and got me feeling better soon.

Needed urgent care while on vacation from Carlsbad.
I first went to another location on Cheyenne but after waiting for 40 minutes, I gave up.
The receptionist called this location on Tropicana and said the waiting room was pretty empty.
So I headed over.
I was in and out in no time.
Got my medical issue dealt with and was out'a there within 20 minutes.
I was really impressed with the staff.
From the receptionist (totally personal) to the practitioner (hilarious), to the doctor (Bret Bellard MD - caring and professional).
They were all happy, empathetic and so helpful.
I was SO relieved to resolve my issue, so I could have a wonderful rest-of-my-vacation!
Thank you guys!
I was also impressed that they can fill many prescriptions in-house.
Love it!
I feel better knowing whenever I go to Vegas now, I'll have somewhere to go to get quick, quality help for me and my family!
Side note: After visiting 2 locations, you can tell the employees are well taken care of.
There was no grumbling or complaining, even though they were all working the day after Christmas and a couple of them even mentioned they were 'spoiled' working there.
That was great to hear.
A happy medical staff means happy patients!

This is the nicest urgent care I been to and no one was there.
I'm not sure why I'm posting this review - this should be a trade secret.
The facility is super clean and the service is great.
100 times better than the urgent care on rainbow and flamingo!

They don't take culinary insurance.
If you have culinary you must pay a $75 office fee.
Apart from that, everything else seemed very good.

I seriously can't believe how quick and efficient the experience was here.
Now I have been to other locations within the same company and cant not say the same, but at this location I was in and out with x-rays in one hour.
The staff including Doctor Kalra were very pleasant and personable.
I can't say I wish to return anytime soon but if I should need quick and thorough medical attention I will be sure to come this location.
Finally a medical facility that understands quality and fast medical service!

Easily the worst clinic I have ever been to.
I went there twice--both times for very simple problems--and both times were a waste of my time and money.
The more recent visit was for an eye infection.
I explained to the doctor that this is a fairly regular occurrence for me--it happens about once a year, and I have been treated for it in the past in another state.
After some trial and error with my previous doctor, we found one medication (out of three or four) that works.
I requested that specific medication, waited quite a while... but received a prescription for something entirely different.
I made the mistake of thinking "well, the doctor knows best.
" Two days later, my eye is twice as bad.
I've missed two days of work and will probably miss two more when this would have cleared up had he just prescribed what works.
Today I will be going somewhere else--hopefully somewhere that listens to the patient.
To top it off, though: when he was evaluating me, he looked in my ear and mentioned "excessive wax buildup.
" My previous trip to this clinic had been a month prior... to get my ears cleaned.
I knew they had done a poor job with that, but was surprised to hear that they botched it so badly that their own doctor was now commenting on it.
Granted, the facility is clean, the people are nice... from the reviews I've read, it's a good place to go in and be given a general antibiotic.
But from my experience, I would strongly recommend avoiding Urgent Care on Tropicana for anything else.

Dr. Kevin, took care of the problem and it was solved finally after 6-7 months and I do really appreciate Dr. Kevin Templar taking good care of customer even-though he was a very busy man.
Now I will definitely go there but again make sure you don't get charged for the service that you'd didn't get and if you do you contact the doctors directly the persons in front desk won't help you at all.

Came in here because of reviews,  no one was in the waiting room!
Cool can't be too long to see someone!
Well 45min later I asked how much longer the wait would be and was told when they were ready they would get me?
Really?
It's a nice place,  looked good but they need to work on people skills,  and get some help here seriously!
Needless to say I bailed and went across the street to UMC urgent care and no I wasn't seen immediately but in a reasonable 20 min.

Totally awesome staff.
Dr. Steven's was compassionate, straight forward and had a great sense of humor that made him easy to talk to!

Never thought I would be writing a rave review for an Urgent Care clinic (because they always suck!
) but here I am - life is full of surprises.
Everyone here was very polite, had a sense of urgency, and made the process very simple and pleasant.
I have never been to an urgent care center before that ran so smoothly.
I would like to say "don't come here" so that when I go back, it isn't packed with people - but I can't, because they are too good and you should definitely come here over the other ridiculously slow urgent care centers in this city.
So 100 points for being so fast - I was in and out in less than 30 mins, maybe less than 20.
Yay!

The doctor we saw over the weekend prescribed the wrong medication for my very sick 7 year old!!
Imagine my horror when I found out two days later when I took my child in to see our regular pediatrician on a Monday.
One drug was way too strong for my child's weight.
The other was an outdated drug doctors hardly ever prescribe anymore because there are newer, more effective drugs to treat the illness.
And that prescribed drug is not even approved for children!!!
Oh, and get this, the diagnosis/medications were given without a swab test to confirm the illness.
I am so appalled and angry that my child was a victim of such terrible medical care.
It's too bad because I had a great experience with another doctor when I had come to get treated not too long ago.
But it was a different doctor who seemed more familiar with current medical practices.
Both doctors I've experienced are retired and working part time at the clinic - that should tell you something about this clinic's hiring practices.
If you have no where else to go but Urgent Care Extra, cross your fingers that you'll get a good retired doctor who has bothered to stay current with new medical/medicinal advancements!

My daughter's review: "I recently saw PA James Boesiger for an examination at Urgent Care Extra after developing symptoms of an infection.
While the procedure could have been awkward and painful, Dr. Boesiger offered reassurance and took special care to ensure my comfort.
From greeting me in the waiting room to delivering my diagnosis and treatment plan, Dr. B treated me with exceptional sensitivity.
He was friendly and professional in communication, listened carefully to my complaints, and was even appropriately humorous at times to lighten the mood.
When directing me to labs for further testing, he was especially forthcoming about which facilities offered the best prices.
I can tell Dr. Boesiger genuinely cares about his patients, from their comfort level during examination to their consumer experiences after leaving his office.
I appreciate the time he took to ease my anxiety during what could have been a terrifying medical experience and am deeply grateful for his honesty and sensitive bedside manner.
PA Boesiger will be my first choice for future medical crises should they arise.
The entire staff at Urgent Care Extra went the extra mile to make my stay as comfortable as possible.
Five stars!

