Friendly's staff, like family.
Super reasonable prices.
Though it's small the ambiance is wonderful.
I can fill myself with wonderful Thai food , including food, drink and tip for less than 10 dollars.
How great is that!

Fell in love with the Tom Yum soup!
Cute place, friendly staff, fast and inexpensive-

I finally made it to this newer location and the first thing I noticed was the very small size of the restaurant.
It's probably less than half the size of the one in the SW. That's not a bad thing cuz size doesn't matter...just as long as you can work with what you got.
The decor is actually very stunning.
It was decorated with all my fave elements: glass mosaic tile, high back chairs with button tufting, and a beautiful chandelier.
It was an aesthetic, pleasant surprise to see a mom and pop establishment so nicely decorated.
Anyhow, I've been craving some noodles and I went with the intention of ordering the Thai beef noodle soup.
From what I can remember, Thai noodle soup has a much better flavor than pho IMO.
As I was looking at the different noodle soups I noticed one called Pork and Fish Ball noodle soup.
Man, I am so glad I went with his one--this bowl of soup was absolutely delightful.
You get your choice of four different types of noodles, i went with the flat rice noodles for my bowl.
It contains pork, ground pork, and fish balls in a chicken broth.
It is garnished with fried garlic, which is the one ingredient that pulls all these great flavors together so well.
The broth had a nice clean taste to it with a hint of white pepper.
It looks pretty simple but the flavors are so good, I didn't wanna mess with it by adding anything to it.
I left it unembellished and ate it all as it came.
This is one of the few noodle soup dishes that I didn't feel the need to doctor up with hoison or sriracha.
The ingredients in this soup was reminiscent of what comes in my fave noodle soup dish called Phnom Penh noodles.
The Vietnamese make a version of this soup and they call it hue tieu Nam Vang but I have not been able to find a worthy substitute for my PP noodles until now.
Great prices, great noodle dishes and friendly service.
So glad this 3rd location opened up so I don't have to go to Chinatown or the SW for some awesome noodle soup.

Took in food last night based on rating and location (this new one is right next to the Smiths near Desert Shores) Ordered take-out with the hubby and this place did not disappoint.
I consider myself someone of a Thai food aficionado, Lotus of Siam is the best despite it's less than desirable location, and Nataya's Secret Kitchen is a wonderful night out, but sometimes you just want an inexpensive take-out or a place that you can roll in without showering.
This is the place.
Green Curry, off the hook.
Papaya Salad, I'll be dreaming of this one!
Looking forward to our next trip, based on this one, we will even be more adventurous.

I was a bit hesitant to eat here just because it's such a random spot for a noodle house to be in, right next to my smith's?
But good thing the bf did his research on yelp when i was craving yummy soup!
This place was packed Friday night,I didn't expect this place to look so nice, it was an actual sit in restaurant that's nicely decorated.
it's a small place but the food was GREAT!
prices were great too!
it was 6.95 for a bowl of Beef Stew Noodle soup and it was a pretty big bowl and couldn't even finish it!
Their soup was very flavorful without being too powerful.
We also tried their Pad see ew and the Chicken Panang curry.
The pad see ew was not the best but it was still pretty good, and the chicken panang was okay.
I'll be back to try their other Thai dishes and Soups.
DEFINITELY try their soups b/c the Soup alone earned this place the 4 stars:)   One down side, there's no restroom in this restaurant so i had to hold it.. actually 2 down sides, the table got a little crowded for me and my boyfriend but i guess that's our fault for ordering too much!
TRY it!
plus the servers were really nice.

I'm so happy that I discovered this place!!
It's going to be my new go-to spot that's just around the corner from my house!
I think this place is pretty new, because I haven't noticed it until recently.
Excellent food quality & prices.
The service is fast & friendly.
The location is very small, but extremely clean and very pretty inside.
Most of the soups are $6.50 - 7.
I tried the pork & fish ball soup because of another yelper's recommendation, and I was not disappointed!
I love that they offer 4 different choices of noodles, as I opted for the flat rice noodle.
Other noodle choices include: egg, vermicilli, or thin rice noodle.
Be careful with the little spice rack they bring out, as a little spice goes a long way.
Without meaning to, I overspiced my soup a bit, but it was still wonderful.
I just ended up drinking a lot of water and nursing my runny nose while enjoying my soup.
On my next visit, which will be very soon, I plan to try the Tom Yum soup.
Honestly, everything on the menu sounds great, which offers a full array of Thai dishes in addition to the soup.
They do take out orders, but I'm not sure if they offer delivery.

Finally some solid thai food near the crib.
Rampart and Lake Mead....In my opinion it crushes Jasmine Thai and Pin Kaow in this vicinity.
A few more impressive visits will constitute some 5 star action.....UPDATE: 5th STAR earned do to continuous awesome to go food!
The wifey and I have tried multiple dishes on their menu and have been impressed with them all!!
I always get it to-go because its right around the corner and I'm unsure if they have a public restroom...

The cutest takeout in town.
The decor is so cute that it's kind of disappointing that it has no restroom.
You're going to give people a glass of water,  a glass of tea, and giant bowls of soup when you have no restroom?
*blink blink* So yeah, cute little takeout place.
At any rate, the girls who worked there were super sweet, and a constant stream of people were coming through getting dinner.
I tried the spicy fried basil rice and the Tom Yom Soup.
You can get your spicy food on a scale of 1-10 which is excellent.
I asked for 8, and it was actually really spicy.
Usually, I have to beg and plead just to get something that isn't mild.
Oh, and it's super cheap.
I don't think either dish was over $7 and the portions were large.

Finally another great Thai place on the Northwest side of town!
I'd been reading all the rave reviews of this and the other locations for Thai Style Noodle House for a while now - and couldn't wait to try it!
While many people are chowing down on Chinese this time of year, my stuffy head was calling out for spicy, so Thai Style it was.
Nicely decorated, tiny little place that has a perfect casual lunch vibe.
We were both amazed with the duck offerings on the menu - and loved the fact that duck can be added to any dish for a small extra price.
Even then we ended up ordering the vegetarian egg rolls, spicy flat noodles with veggies and the more adventurous (for us) Pad Ped Snapper.
When I ordered the noodles stressing veggies only, the waitress was nice enough to ask if I was vegan or not, and made sure that it was OK to use fish sauce and oyster sauce in the preparation of the dish.
Big plus right there!
The egg rolls hit the table smoking hot, straight out of the pan, onto a plate and into our mouths.
Perfect balance between the crunch of the crispy wrapper and soft moist veggie interior with a very nice sweet dipping sauce.
My noodles were great and the heat perfect for me at a 5.
The star of the table was the Pad Ped Snapper.
Wow - snapper battered and fried with a red chili paste based sauce somewhat reminiscent of a curry without coconut milk and some veggies on top for presentation.
The flavors in this dish were so complex, we kept trying to figure out what was what - to little American palate avail.
The batter definitely had hints of some sort of lemony flavor that really put this dish over the top.
I would order the Pad Ped again in a red, hot chili lovin' minute (unless we get swayed by the duck next time).
The service was kind and patient - even when it took us FOREVER to decide what we wanted.
Oh - and all this fabulous food was under $25.00 - with plenty to box up and take home.
Can't wait to come back.

Awesome food and super cheap with most dishes being under $7 and still very generous portions.
I've had the Pad See-eu and Khua Kai noodles and both were awesome, though not that spicy even though I asked for a Level 7 on the spiciness.
Level 7 spicy at Pan Asian just about burned my mouth off.
Still 5 stars though, will be one of my favorite lunch spots.

I LOVE this place!
Delivery Only.
I have never dined in here, but every time I ordered they were always on time.
I usually order their shrimp pad thai, thai ice tea, tom yum soup, their curry pineapple and shrimp with rice...It's sooo worth it, and of course their papaya salad.
They are very nice, and for that they deserve a good tip.
I highly recommend this place.

Last night, I saw Paolo D.'s "check-in" to Komol, and I suddenly had a ridiculously crazy craving for their Herbal salad.
If I was pregnant, I would have made my husband drive to Komol just to pick up a week's supply.
Unfortunately, I am not pregnant and due to my crazy soccer mom schedule I can't drive their myself.
(I barely have time to write this review!
)   Anyways, I was still craving some Thai food so I settled for Thai Style Noodle House for lunch since it is minutes from my own.
I have been here twice, ordering take-out both times.
The restaurant itself is decorated really cute.
but take-out is just so much more convenient for me.
Some of my favorite items are Pad See-eu with beef, Green Curry with chicken, and the Panang with avocado and shrimp.
These dishes are full of flavor and the spice levels are just enough to clear my sinuses and make me sweat/ glisten.
My kids enjoy the chicken chow mein (i know, i know...that isn't Thai food).
There is a good amount of chicken and veggies that they will actually eat!
The items that I did not really care for were the Beef Stew noodle soup and the Chicken Larb.
They were flavorful, however it was just too salty for me to eat more than 2 bites.
I chugged my Thai iced tea in seconds, and chased it with a gallon of water.
In fact, just thinking about it is giving me a salt headache.
** Note: some reviews state that there is no restroom.
There is one around back.
It isn't inside the actual restaurant, but there is one.
It isn't the most convenient location, but there is no need to torture your bladder.
**  The service is quick and friendly, the price is very affordable, and it is around the corner so I'll definitely be back.
(at least until Komol starts offering delivery!

This place only opened a few months ago, we've tried a few of their dishes!
I can say everything we've ordered was very good!
My sons favorite is their orange chicken and rice.
Hubby loves their BBQ chicken with brown rice.
I love their three companions plate with sticky rice and papaya salad with a little spicy.
Their larb is excellent!!
We order from them regularly!
Service is great and they already know us!
I haven't had a chance to try their deserts and drinks yet, that's next on my list.

At the first bite I was sold!!!!
This is the best food I have ever been served in any restaurant in Las Vegas.
Do not walk, but run there for a taste sensation.
The staff is very friendly and the decor is charming and clean.

Friendly service, food was decent

When we showed up they only had a table for 2 left, it was packed, but with only 12 tables you blink and it's a waiting list.
It might be tiny on size but the dishes had alot and were very good.
I had the chicken pad thai and the bbq chicken over rice, they both were very good.
One per son waiting on the entire place but it semed to work.
Going back for the soup next time-bowls were huge!

WOW!
Great prices and delivery.
Loved the avocado curry and spicy basil tofu.

Hit up Thai Style on the way home from taking the bus to LA - ordered up veggie egg rolls, my beloved Pad Ped Snapper, Thai Spicy Noodles and the Three Flavor Salmon - all at a 6 or so heat.
The egg rolls were, again, sizzling hot and perfectly done - crispy on the outside with soft veggies on the inside.
The Noodles hit the table next - ALMOST too spicey-hot - but that really means just right.
The Pad Ped was a disappointment.
A completely different preparation from the last time we had it - the breading was not thick and crunchy, but more like a light dusting of fine panko and swimming in a thin sauce (last time it was more like a paste).
Don't get me wrong, this is still a great dish - just completely different from what I had experienced prior.
I had a bite of the Three Flavor Salmon - which seemed really nice and complex.

BEST BROTH EVER!
Some friends and I tried this place thinking we could order pho soup.
But, the menu had similar soups and rice places, but not pho.
We still tried their lunch special (soup of the day, side and 1 or 2 food items for $7 or $9 - Great Deal!
), and I had the roasted duck soup with rice noodles.
You can choose between four noodle styles with the soups.
Delicious!
The three of us only paid $17, which was great!
Service wasn't the best, but it was the norm for a busy lunchtime.
Definitely visiting again!

This best food in Las Vegas!
I am planning my day for tomorrow and deciding when I am going to fit Thai Style Noodle House into my schedule.
Best soup ever, but I am going to try something new.
No doubt it will be the highlight of my day.

My family tried this new Thai place at lake mead and Rampart, the food is excellent and the prices are great.
The only bad thing about the place is the rest room is in the back of the restaurant since you have to walk outside  of the restaurant and then walk back to finish dining.
But as far as the food and price is concerned it is one of the places that I would recommend.
The food we ordered the taste and quality is great.
This is definitely a place to go back for regular dining.

Thai that delivers and on time...awesome!
Spicy Thai is my favorite when I'm sick, and it's so wonderful that they deliver and it's still hot when it gets to your house.
We tried a few different things -   Soups -  Pork, fish ball and fishcake soup - Most people love this stuff, and it was good.
It's just not really my favorite type of soup.
I'm not big on glass noodles.
But I can see why most people like it.
Tom Yum Kai - Spicy.
I like a little more bitterness which usually comes from the lemon grass.
It was still good though.
Green curry with Shrimp - we got the most spicy.
It wasn't the spiciest I've had, and I think I'm more of a fan of red curry when it comes to Thai.
It was very good, great flavor and the coconut milk made it very creamy.
Shrimp Pad Thai - ordered very spicy and it was very good.
I don't like it when it's overly sweet and theirs is not.
I would love to go in and try some more of their dishes!

Thai Style Noodle House is a small place with a simple ellegance to it.
Dark floors and dark paint on the walls.
What looks like soap stone bricks and small glass tiles.
Light fixtures with a price sticker still afixed.
White trees that look painted on but are peeling off the walls.
Thai television on the flat screen and last summers American pop internet sensations over the speakers.
Okay, so it is not all flawless beauty but this really is a nice place that is clean and quaint.
I was greeted and seated quickly but it took a while before I was able to place my order.
I did order eventually and the food arrived in a reasonable time.
First came the vegetable egg rolls.
Scoarching hot and impossibly crispy, these egg rolls were a perfect way to start my meal.
They seemed almost homemade when compared to others I have had.
Next up came my guilty pleasure, red curry chicken.
Not just any red curry chicken but possibly the best I have had in this valley.
I know, that is a bold statement.
Honestly though, it was superb.
Tender chicken, juliened bamboo, carrots, bell pepper, and fresh basil.
I ordered mild and it was spicy enough to flush my sinuses.
But it was not so hot that it killed my tastebuds.
On the contrary.
This had all the curry flavor that I crave.
Furthermore, there was pleanty of it.
When I ran out of rice I asked for a to go bowl and brought the rest home.
Now I have dinner for tomorrow.
At only $6.75, this was a bargain.
I've found a new place to get my curry now and it is close to home.

The restaurant is rather new, in the Smith's shopping complex next to Supercuts on the end of the strip mall.
For the tiny space they have, they used it well, except they may rethink the hostess station at the front entrance instead of the back - but they are brand new, and probably going to make changes.
Now the food is well worth the wait if you come at a busy time.
Which by the quality of the food for what they charge, is well worth it!
I came with my Mom and my sister on a Friday night about six o'clock.
I had the mint leaf chicken, my sister had the pumpkin curry w/chicken which was amazing.
The chicken satay was very tasty, nice peanut sauce.
The Tom Yum coconut soup was amazing.
Within minutes of my home - yes!
I will be back.

NEVER DISAPPOINTS!!!!!
Not only is the food terrific, the customer service and staff are the best.
If you are not a regular yet, once you go you will be part of the family.

We were surprised that this one was cute compared to the more hole in the wall original location.
The BF and I shared the pineapple curry with shrimp.
The curry was red curry coconut base which was decent.
It was a bit too tangy for me, but it was well made and had a good amount in shrimp, pineapple and veggies in it.
It comes with just a cup of rice, we had to ask for another cup, which is extra per cup.
Spicy Thai noodles - think of it similar to pad se ew, but with other veggies like cabbage, tomatoes, carrots, onions in it.
It wasn't very spicy though.
In fact, they didn't ask us about our spice level at all, but maybe then they assumed to go mild.
I should probably ask next time.
For the portions, these were cheap... a few dollars less than the average going rate.
The flavor I thought was decent.
I don't know what it was about it, but I rarely get heartburn and did.
It was odd is all.
Service was just OK. We came an hour before their closing (20 minutes before closing is kitchen last call) and when we entered they kinda seemed a bit bummed we showed.
They weren't the most attentive given we were the only ones there, but there were take out orders coming through still.
I had to walk up to get my bill since the 3 people in the front were all busy doing something.
The food came out lightening fast which was a plus, but also was maybe so we can get done fast.
I was confused how this place didn't have a bathroom, but I thought sitting there how weird that was.
I did see on some peoples reviews there IS a bathroom.
You just have to walk to it on the side or something.
There's several items on the menu that is unique to them, combined with a great pricepoint that makes it a good cheap option that's in a convenient of a area for us.
I'm sure we will be back for more bites.

Ordered chicken satay, chicken pad Thai and Thai ice tea.
DELISH!!
Great price and nice portions!!!
I had my food delivered and was very please with how fast they got here and the food was still hot!!
Definitely coming back for more!

Seriously good eats, and cheap!

I loved the décor of this Thai restaurant; they are definitely trying to be different from your typical Asian eatery.
Although the décor was different, their food remained very authentic.
I enjoyed eating their yellow, red curry and their pineapple fried rice, it was delicious!
The only complain I had is that they do not ask you how spicy you want your curry to be.
Most of the restaurants I have been to they always give you the option for it.
Ambiance: 8 out of 10 Food: 8 out of 10

So good!
The Tum Yum Soup with chicken ordered with mild spice is absolutely delicious!
This restaurant has excellent orange chicken, chicken satay, fried rice, and most of all, the mango with sticky rice.
I definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.

4 stars for the food...5 stars for the value and "bang for your buck!
"  Came here for an impromptu lunch and ordered take out.
She got the Thai Beef Salad (Phone pic):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thai-style-noodle-house-las-vegas-4?select=uVyr7IuBmjyR04VMs0Gpow#uVyr7IuBmjyR04VMs0Gpow  Which is served cold, marinated with lots of flavors here!
Huge portions and low prices...I think this was only $6-7??
Not my most favorite version I've tried, but it was good!
I went with my favorite dish as always, the Pad Kee Mao aka Drunken Noodles (Phone Pic):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thai-style-noodle-house-las-vegas-4?select=VeZSixXFxYJjsa2y10mYdA#VeZSixXFxYJjsa2y10mYdA  It was good...definitely have had better, but the taste is there, spice is hot, and portions are large and very fair at again, only $7 or so?
Probably the cheapest I've ever paid for this dish, and one of the largest portions.
Also, they aren't afraid to make it hot!
This 10/10 Thai Spicy was very close to accurate in my book!
To me, this is probably the best bang for your buck Thai I've ran into so far.
The portions are fair, prices are cheap, and the to-go order was ready right on the dot, so grabbing for a speedy lunch is a safe bet!
Glad I don't work down the street lol

This is my go-to spot for good, authentic, and cheap Thai food, not to mention their portions are huge!
I come here to order to-go and whenever my friends are in town.
5 stars for quality and for the bang for your buck!
The staff is friendly, although quiet.
I always end up ordering the Tom Yum Noodle Soup with 7 spice level.
It is so delicious and filling.
I love how this dish comes with pork, shrimp, and fish cakes.
It is like heaven in a bowl and great for cold days and hangovers (hah).
Their basil fried rice and thai fried rice was amazing!
I can't usually eat that many carbs in one sitting but I nearly ate the whole plate in one sitting.
Like I said, each plate can yield about 2 meals (3 if you are a very light eater), so order accordingly.
But hey, leftovers is never a bad thing either!

Good food, great prices.
Most of the time I get theirs Lunch special, 2 items for 8$, and I have enough left overs for another lunch.

I ordered a Thai beef salad to go that had good spice and balenced flavor but the beef was cut very thin and somewhat dry and the salad was a little lacking as well.
Prices were good and I will give it another chance sometime soon.

Good soup, if I am stranded in summerlin I know exactly where to go if I want a Thai version of Pho.

You cannot beat their daily (M-Sun) lunch special.
It's enough for two meals, but not lacking quality.
I tried the string bean w/chicken and the panang curry with chicken.
Both very tasty.
The string bean a close cousin to the mint leaf chicken which is my standby, and the panang curry just delicious - I could drink the coconut based orangey sauce!
For being a take out smaller restaurant they offer high-end quality food.
Oh and you have a choice of a vegeteble spring roll or crab pastry - very good!!

WOW!
Fantastic Food and great prices.
What more do you need to know?

Had my good delivered... Great fast service and the food is delicious ...

I usually like it here, but for the second time in a row now there was hair in my food.
Not just one little tiny hair, but a long hair.
I called to complain they weren't that apologetic.
Disappointed and disgusted.

We liked it.
It definitely does not deserve a 4 or more, though.
The inside is nice, clean, and modern.
We weren't expecting that, especially after we saw the prices.
Dishes were mainly around $7.95-8.95, which we thought were more along the lines of fast food prices.
The portions, however, were remarkably small.
You get what you pay for I guess.
We started off with a papaya salad, at a spicy 8/10.
For some reason the portion we got was very very little, compared to some yelp pictures I checked online.
Even the cabbage was just a small hunk, but when I asked for more, they were very accommodating.
We got some sort of veggie stir fry flat noodle, which was good, but could've been better.
The vegetables in it weren't great, the carrots were sliced too thin, and the portion was again, too small.
The last thing we got was our least favorite.
It was a seafood pancake, which I expected to be kind of like the ones you get a Korean restaurants, so I was curious about the Thai version.
It was seriously lacking in the seafood, way too much starch or whatever they mixed it with so as a result kind of bland, and FAR too oily.
I don't rarely blot food with napkins, but I did so in this situation.
Also not a fan of the bed of stir-fry bean sprouts it came on, I think raw would've been more authentic?
Just my two cents.
All in all, we really wanted to like it, we kind of liked it, and we hope that in the future they give bigger portions.
We both agreed we could've gotten a fourth dish, which shouldn't be the case with any restaurant to feel full unless it's tapas.

Must try the Green Curry with avocado and salmon.
Excellent dish and good service.
Prices are very reasonable as well.

I was here last week with my girlfriend from reading the reviews in yelp!
Have to tell you the food is great with respectable price as well.
The menu has illustrated photos on which entrées you would like to choose from.
Very clean restaurant.
I will be here again soon.
Btw, the yellow curry w/chicken is crazy Delicious!

Quick and easy review.
2 pick lunch special is amazing.
The food is good.
Food for the price is amazing.
Still working on the dessert list so expect an update in the future.
Small location but is currently expanding into the suite next door, so will be able to seat more soon.
Thai Style is a good solid place to enjoy some Thai Food, and is located in a great location within the smith shopping center!

Was expecting to pay way more for the amount of food served.
And it tasted exactly perfect.

Great food, great prices and friendly staff.

It was crazy, stupid delicious.
I felt like I was betraying my favorite Thai restaurant in town cause this place has a spot in my heart now.
Was immediately greeted and seated as we walked in.
She even put the sun shade down for the boyfriend & I since it was a little sunny.
1 Star!
Ordered our mandatory Thai Teas, in those large beer mugs.
Truly appreciate the amount of ice, some places overload it and it gets watery.
Sweetness was on point too.
2 Stars!
Food came right after, Chicken Satay, Chicken Pad Thai (Spice level 6) & BBQ Pork over Fried Rice.
Dear lawd, I almost blurted "Now THATS how it's supposed to be damnit!
" So delicious!!!
Chicken skewers had just enough spice and really complemented the peanut sauce.
I even put the sauce in my pad Thai.
And speaking of that Pad Thai, holy sssshhhhhh, it was everything & more.
Spicy but tolerable.
Noodles were so flavorful.
Chicken was perfectly seasoned.
Then the rice and pork BBQ was delicious!
The man enjoyed the sweet chili sauce that comes with it while I enjoyed the sweet soy sauce.
3 Stars!
Ended the meal with Sticky Rice & Mangoes.
It was really sweet, even the mango.
Rice could be softer but I loved it anyway.
4 Stars!
Service was so friendly and quick too.
Oh and the prices were so ridiculously cheap.
And that leads me to 5 Stars!
Can't wait to try their amazing lunch special too!

This place is filthy!
The windows are disgusting!
YUK!!
WASH YOUR WINDOWS INSIDE AND OUT, THAI STYLE!!
WIPE OFF YOUR FILTHY MENUS - THERE ARE FOOD DROPPINGS INSIDE.
YUK!
WIPE OFF YOUR CHAIRS - THERE ARE FOOD DROPPINGS ALL OVER THE CHAIRS.
What is your kitchen like if you are this filthy in the eating area?
Unfortunately, dirty Thai/Asian restaurants like this give ALL Asian restaurants a bad name.
Old rice is served, too.
My husband ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken and there was no chicken, just batter on skin.
Ewww.
Very disappointed, we used to love this place.
Either they need a new manager, or they will go out of business.
Waiters are not friendly, either.
PLUS, the bathroom is located out in the back alley!!
You have to go outside, like at an old fashioned gas station.
How do the employee's wash their hands?????
YUK!!
This place needs sanitizing!!
The Health Department needs to visit this place and issue some citations.

This is the best place.
I can hardly finish the plate of food.
Cheap and awesome food.

Had the won ton soup last time, yellow curry tonight

One of the best pho noodle places there is.
I definitely recommend anyone go there if you love noodle soup.

We ordered the BBQ wonton soup, spicy basil noodles and the egg fried rice.
Thai tea was very good.
My combination spicy noodles level spice were really good, not too oily and they had a lot of vegetables and meat.
The egg fried rice has delicious.
Added rice noodles to the BBQ wonton soup and it was enough for 2 people.
Prices are very reasonable which makes this place a great value.
Nice decor complete s the experience.
We will come again next time we visit Las Vegas!

I am really starting to like Thai Style Noodle House.
I have never been disappointed with the food and service last night was top notch.
I was talked into trying the chicken pot stickers and I am glad it happened.
They were awesome.
For a place that serves food relatively quickly and at a good price I was not expecting an appetizer dish to look so appealing.
6 dumplings lined up and topped with two sauces, soy and some sort of seasoned mayonaise.
Add to that green onions and sesame seeds and what a nice treat to add to my main entree order of pad see-eu.
That was good too.
I had a craving for flat rice noodles and this hit the spot.
You better believe I will be back many more times.

I have been here quite a few times now.
Both as dine in and take out.
We have also frequented the Thai Noodle House on Wynn Road, but once we found out this was the same one but in the northwest we go here all the time.
The prices are very reasonable ($8 or so a dish) and the flavor is the same.
The decor at this location is much more modern and nicer than the original one in China Town i.e.
this is casual date appropriate whereas the location in Chinatown would strike me more as meeting up with friends after having a few beers.
Service has always been prompt and the food comes out quick.
It has never been busy when we are here but I think that may just be lack of knowledge of this location.
Which is good and bad, I like that it is not crowded and it is quiet but conversely I really want them to stay in business.
I have tried quite a few things, but I always circle back to the Avocado and Salmon Panang.
I love that they give a lot of sauce, because I like using my rice to sop up all the sauce and there is plenty to go around.
I also get the duck curry quite often, but what can I say duck is almost always good.
I always get the Thom Kai (same as Thom Kha Ka - please forgive me if I am not spelling this correctly).
The meat, even the chicken, is tender - often times at other places, even at my favorite Lotus of Siam, the chicken is dry, more than likely from boiling the chicken in the broth, but I haven't had that experience here.
This is a million times better than most cheap chinese places and the same cost as the prices are very reasonable.
Although don't get me wrong, cheap chinese has its place in my little world too.
Not to mention they are in the same center as the German Bread Bakery - so if you time it right you could go to both and get morning pastries for the next day too!

Roasted duck curry for $8, you have to be kidding.
We have not gone back to any of the neighborhood Chinese take-outs since this location of Thai Noodle opened.
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the quality of food.
If you go to any one of their locations be sure and try the salmon and avocado panang, original and a great balance of flavors.

The kitchen here is so fast and the prices are so good that you almost expect the food to be sub-par, but it's not.
The food is awesome.
Pot Sticker Appetizer 5/5 Crispy and delicious, topped with sushi-like sauces and fresh spring onions.
Highly recommended.
Green Papaya Salad 5/5 Fresh shredded green papaya, tomatoes,  cabbage on the side.
Spicy fish sauce dressing is awesome, but maybe a bit hot for some.
Ask for mild if you're not a big fan of heat.
Pad Thai with Chicken 5/5 Perfectly cooked al dente noodles, fresh crispy bean sprouts, delicious pad thai sauce, juicy chicken.
Very impressed with everything here, especially for the price.
Will be back for more!

Orange chicken was delicious.
Super light and crispy with not too much sauce.
Very yummy.
Chicken pad Thai wasn't bad.
It was pretty good but not the best I've had.
My mom ordered it 5/10 for spice and it was far too spicy for her.
I got a 2 and it was just right for me..
I'm a spice wimp.
Fried wanton appetizer was quite tasty.
Extremely crispy on the verge of being a little overcooked, but it was OK.  Service was good.
Cup was never empty which is a plus.
Its a small place but was enjoyable.
I'd go back because the food was great for the prices.
Serving sizes were pretty large for the $6-$7 price per dinner plate.

My absolute favorite spot for authentic Thai flavors.
The place is clean and the staff are always friendly.

We had the spring rolls,  yellow curry,  and Thai spicy noodle.
All Delish.
They were wonderful to make everything vegan for us.
The price is also fantastic,  20$ for two of us to eat and we are very full.
Service was fast.
If your looking for a fancy date night this is not your place,  but a quick dinner our or take out this is the place.
Spice ranges from 1 to 10 we opted for 7 which is leaving our mouths burning after our meal is done.
We will visit again.

Stunned by how good this place is!
I am a die-hard Le Thai person, but I have long needed a place where I can get my Pad Kee Mow fix both closer to home and open on Sunday.
Thai Noodle House nailed it.
We will be back.

This is me and my brothers' go-to Thai place, specially since it's so near our house and they're open late (I think 'til 11pm everyday) They have really good food.
I haven't had anything from there that I didn't like.
I love the combo beef noodle soup and their bbq over rice entree as well as their green curry.
I got tofu and the yellow curry with pumpkin and chicken for the boyfriend who is Arab and never had Thai food before and let's just say he couldn't stop raving about it that he had to go get more curry from them the next day :) The staff are very friendly as well, even tho we would always go there late at night.
I love that their food is pretty authentic, having experience Chef McDang's (Thailand's only Celebrity Chef) cooking first hand during his demonstration in our school.
I'd definitely go there every time I crave for Thai food and would recommend to others :)

Friendly Staff.
Just expanded to the suite next door so now it is twice as big.
Still only about 15 tables.
Enjoy going there and doing take out as well.
I seem to order the Seafood Pad Thai almost all the time.
I have never been disappointed.
My wife loves the soups.
Good food at great prices.
Quality is consistant as the service.

Messed up my order the told me it was what I ordered.
What I ordered was not even a soup but that's what I got.
Then I had to pay for it?
Won't be going back!

We come here a couple times a week..
The food is delicious but inconsistent.
The staff is NOT accommodating..
Even for regulars.
Sometimes Victor from the Tropicana location is there helping out and he is great..
But most of the staff is rude.
The last couple of times we've been in, it has been inconsistent.
We always order the soup..and last time we were shorted on broth..
They made up an excuse that they were changing the portions..
However, today it was back to being the normal portion..
I found a long, curly HAIR in my soup and not only did they charge me for the entire thing (minus a measly 10% for the inconvenience ) but they didn't even offer to remake it for me!
I feel that they should have taken care of us..but there wasn't even an apology!
We asked to speak to a manager but there were none on duty.. (Apparently, there is never a manager on duty!
Who knows what else they do to the food?!
) When we told our server that we weren't satisfied with our experience, she was rude, unaccommodating and uncaring.
We told her we won't be back and that they just lost some good clients to which she said  "Ok."

Thai Style Noodle House in Summerlin :) I have been going to their 2 other locations for over a year now and am glad they now have one closer to me!
Great food!
Good prices!
Who can beat that!

We order from this place 1-2 times per week and I would eat here more often if  we could afford it.
The food can be somewhat inconsistent  (maybe because we always order delivery or takeout) but its almost always great.
I love the pad thai (6), it's one of the best I've ever had, and the orange beef,   which I don't even think is on the menu, crunchy, sweet, zesty, and delicious,  remember to ask for alacarte if you want a larger portion.
They remember me almost every time (no beansprouts) lol, and with their large  customer base that is quite a nice touch.
They do however stop answering their phone if they get busy and stop taking delivery orders if they do answer.
So if  you can't get through and its still during business hours just drive over  and go inside.
The prices are great, it is one of the least  expensive Thai places we've ever seen.
All in all this is our go-to Thai  place, although there are a few areas they could step it up a bit, the value  can't be beaten.

Great little place for some good Thai food!
Located on N. Rampart in the Smith's shopping center, Thai Style is located on a near corner of a lot.
Go slow or you might miss it because the place is tiny.
Really, there might be just over a dozen tables available for dining in.
But that's ok because Thai Style has no problems with doing take-out for you.
If you do dine in though don't worry, the place is nicely appointed!
New tables, chairs, paint.
Good ambiance, especially when it's quiet.
I hear during lunch is when the crowd is probably the biggest.
Came here with the wifey for a quiet dinner one night after we heard their second location opened up here near our side of town.
Really felt like the place was our own, there were only two other tables taken nearby, and on the counter was multiple orders ready for pickup.
The menu at Thai Style is fairly authentic feeling, with some dishes looking like they may have got a bit of an American touch.
We stuck with what we were hoping was simple and basic, but had a lot of flavor.
I love noodles, but really wasn't feeling Pad Thai.
We instead opted for the Pad See-Eu - stir-fried thick flat rice noodles (almost like chow fun) with egg and Chinese broccoli, all in a sweet dark soy sauce.
This was delicious.
The rice noodles with the sweet soy sauce was heavenly, and was given good texture with the addition of the Chinese broccoli.
It makes perfect leftovers, great midnight snack in front of the TV while watching Breaking Bad reruns!
We also had the Fried Chicken over Fried Rice - marinated, fried chicken breasts over a bed of Thai Jasmine fried rice.
This was good as well.
I would have liked the chicken to be a bit more flavorful, and a bit of a thicker piece.
However, it was yummy with the Thai fried rice which had egg, garlic, onion, salt, and pepper.
The rice was seasoned easily but just right.
And the portion was huge, more than enough for two people to share.
We got out of Thai Style with full bellies and some leftover change.
The bill was not bad at all, our total for two entrees, tax, and tip was under $19.
That was a plus!
We will be back to try other dishes, I really am interested in their red and yellow curries.
Thai Style runs some amazing lunch specials too, for short of $7 you can get a choice of TWO (yep, two) entrée options from a pretty big list, and each lunch special comes with soup, rice, and an egg roll.
Don't want two entrees?
Do just one, and pay less than $6!
Dealio.

Found this place here on yelp and my wife and I love it!
Great food, but I've only had the Duck Curry because I'm hooked on it!
My wife has had several noodle dishes and has loved them all...great place!

So you walk in the restaurant & a female worker kinda calls out with "for here or to go", not hello or anything that resembles a greeting to welcome you to their establishment.
The customer service tonight was almost non - existing, except for the male worker who at least checked on us & seemed more personable.
Thank goodness the food was good.

Great place for lunch and takeout.
Whenever I have a thai craving I text my friend and head here.
Love having such a great place in our area!
Love love love the panang curry...I dream of this stuff!
Spicey Eggplant is a another surprisingly tasty dish.
Potstickers are very good.
Pad thai can be very inconsistent.
Never had a bad dish here!
My only complaint would be the service...it's doesn't exactly come with a smile all the time.
Don't know where to go for dinner/lunch?
Go here.
It won't break the bank and you'll leave with a full belly and a smile!

We were looking for someplace nearby and one we hadn't been to before.
I found a coupon in my junk/coupon drawer for this place, checked the Yelp reviews, saw that each of their three locations had 4 stars, and off we went.
It's much nicer than the previous occupant, a Hawaiian barbecue joint that we went to once and hated, and I think they took over the location next door, too.
The main room has just a few tables, making you think it's all about take-out, but the adjacent room is all tables, simply decorated with painted white bamboo trees and glass tile.
Very modern, yet somehow lacking a homey feeling.
It was attractive and comfortable, though.
Our server, Mica, was great, and patiently explained some new dishes we'd never experienced before.
We shared a Tom Yum soup, ordered medium; it was spicier than our usual medium experience, but delicious.
The bowl was big enough to double as a hot tub, and the chicken was very tender.
By the time we had as much liquid as our expanding stomachs could take, it was time for our main courses.
And as usual, we ordered much more than we could eat, since the portions are large.
That's a good thing, because my favorite dinner is leftovers.
I don't know if Three-Flavored Salmon is served in other Thai restaurants, but it is here, and it's a wonder.
A grilled salmon fillet is buried under a blanket of ground and well-seasoned chicken, decorated with two shrimp, all nestled into a very light sauce.
This dish isn't spicy at all, just different and delicious, and served with a good-sized molded mound of perfectly-cooked jasmine rice.
And not overly salted either - yay!!
Knowing the Yellow Curry Pumpkin would last at home longer than the salmon, we each had just a small taste for Yelp review purposes only.
Yum, and yum again.
This dish had a nice kick, and it was interesting to eat pumpkin in an Asian restaurant.
We'd definitely order both dishes again, and at 8.95 each, they are a steal, especially the salmon.
On the other hand, these were both so good that we're looking forward to trying some of their other dishes.
Oh, and that coupon?
There were two:  one for a Thai iced coffee with $15 purchase and another for an appetizer with a $25 purchase.
Though we came close to the latter's limit, I couldn't see us stuffing our faces with even more food, so I opted for the Thai coffee.
The coffee took the sting out of not finding out in advance that they didn't have wine or beer.
But with the humongous calorie count of all that condensed milk, I could've had an appetizer.
After Mica brought the coffee, which I was slurping zestily, she returned and said the coupon expired in November.
I thought it was rather new, and hadn't looked at the small print.
But then I remembered our Australia sojourn in October and November.
Jeez, time flies when you're having fun.
She let us use it anyway.
So happy to have a great Thai place in the neighborhood!

Their other reviews are so good, maybe I came on a bad night.
But between us we ordered 2 salads and 2 entrees and only 1 of the 4 dishes was good.
We started with the Papaya Salad and Grilled Beef Salad.
The Papaya Salad was mediocre at best, but the Beef Salad was fantastic.
Bright, fresh flavors in the dressing and a nice char on the beef.
For entrees we had Duck Pad See Eu and Snapper Pad Ped Snapper.
The noodle dish was awful.
We each only took 1 bite.
It had a funny taste that in retrospect should have prompted me to send it back.
There was just something wrong, like old meat or oil that had me repulsed.
The fish itself was light and flaky inside, but the coating was a soggy mess.
It had been fried, then tossed in sauce, but the fried coating wasn't crispy enough so it just ended up with an almost gooey texture that was very unpleasant.
Service was good, but our salads didn't come out at the same time, then the entrees came within just a few minutes of getting the last salad.

Had the Thai spicy noodle, it was baaaaad.
I asked them for another dish to replace it and they had the chef come out and tell me it was my fault that it tasted "sour" because I put the red chili sauce on it.
Obviously that was not the reason, but eventually they did replace it with the panang curry, which was delicious.
My friend also had the spicy basil which was really good.
Overall I was a disappointed in the service but selective dishes were good.
Your call if you want to try this place out.

I've bumped up a star because their curry is delightful and has only gotten better.
Only downside -   They still offer delivery, but the last few times I've called, they don't want to deliver.
I said I would wait and hour...even close to two.
They still are very rude about it on the phone.
I had a lady say 3 times that it would be a wait, and I said each time it was fine.
She then proceeded to sigh into the phone like she was pissed.
I said, "Can I really not do delivery?
I can't come in...but, I'm willing to wait.
"  If you don't want to deliver and you don't have time, say, "We cannot deliver right now.
"  Geeeeeeeeez.

This place was yummy!
I'm always on the lookout for great Thai food, I feel like there are a lot of just mediocre places around Vegas.
I randomly came across it online and saw that it was extremely close to my house so gave it a shot.
I'm glad I did!
I got food to go so can't review the dine in experience, though all the people I dealt with were very friendly.
I got the green papaya salad which was delicious but VERY spicy.
I usually get a 7 and did that here also.
I'd say their 7 is most other places 10!
I also got the panang avocado curry with shrimp.
This was totally delicious and while still very spicy it was closer to what I  would consider a 7.
(I am not a wuss when it comes to spice but my tummy was a'gurgling after this meal!
) I will be going back for more soon now that I know it's in my neighborhood...but perhaps scaling back my spice number for once!

The first time we went here, we ate in and had a great meal, and I gave it 4 stars.
We were so happy after that first visit that we returned and took along another couple - who may be moving to our fair city - to introduce them to life as locals.
Our experience was less than stellar.
But I didn't update my review then.
On the second visit, I ordered the same salmon dish I had the first time, and it was so bad I had to send it back.
The waitress tried to explain that they use frozen salmon, and yada, yada.
Its replacement was just ordinary.
The other couple were split 50-50 in their opinions of their dishes.
During our first visit we wanted to get more information about take-out, figuring that we'd be doing that on a regular basis.
We particularly wanted to know about the soup.
Our Tom Kha was fabulous, and it was such a big bowl that we couldn't imagine we'd get that much if we had it as take-out, but the waitress assured us it was a very big container.
So on this uncharacteristically rainy night, we opted for take-out from Noodle House.
My first disappointment was taking an ordinary Chinese restaurant-type plastic container out of the bag that was only three-quarters full.
It turned out not to matter:  the soup was so unbearably spicy that we couldn't finish it.
It also had half the amount of chicken that our dine-in portion had.
Four vegetable spring rolls were decent, but very greasy.
We ordered our main dish, Pad Thai, as a chicken-beef-shrimp combination.
It had a "generous" helping of two rather small shrimp, chewy and flavorless beef, and some tender chicken.
This dish is usually very bland at other Thai restaurants, but this one was very spicy.
I didn't mind that, since it didn't cause smoke to come out of my ears like the soup did.
But the noodles were rubbery, and if it had chopped peanuts, there weren't enough to taste them.
A disappointment.
I guess it was too good to be true, but we'll go back to the other Thai restaurants we used to go to before our hopes were raised by the opening of Thai-Style Noodle House, which is so much closer to our home.
Those hopes sadly have been dashed.

Worth stoping by and trying it out.
I've dined here quite a few times as I have found it to be good quality Thai food that doesn't take to long to get served.
Noodle house has a few other restaurants in town that have been successful.
So I guess it made sense to open in this part of town.
Always try the duck fried rice.
It's one of my favorite dishes here with noodle house classic pot stickers to boot!
I will say the delivery a couple of times has takin quite a while and sometimes cold when received.
Also calling up to order for pick up or delivery has been hard to get through.
I do believe though going in a sitting down for a meal here you won't be disappointed...

I love this little Thai restaurant!
Priced nicely and the food is flavorful.
Nestled in a shopping center, I never knew this jewel was near me.
I will say the seating is basic and It is not a large place, but the food makes up for the lack if ambiance.
Portions are good but I'm a little unhappy with how little meat you get in your meals.
I love chicken curry but find that there's always a ton of veggies and not enough protein.
Hence only 4 of 5 stars.

Thai heaven ....
The food is delicious... Enuff said.
I thought i had to go alllll the way to spring mountain location but not no more..
Awesome that they are here and the place is   Busy.

The best Thai food for your buck, hands down.
My mother has owned a Thai restaurant for over 25 years and this place has great food!
The value is unbeatable and the service is great too!
I highly recommend this restaurant.
I haven't tried the other locations as this is the closest one to my house.
It's my husband and I's go to spot when we decide to eat out.
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!

My family and I frequent here about 2 times a week and we love this place.
Food is great and you can't beat the price.
We usually order an array of dishes and share them.
You can't go wrong with the chicken pad se-eu, chicken pot stickers are always crispy, spicy string bean chicken is definitely something worth trying, have a couple breath mints ready after having some chicken garlic and pepper, the panang curry is great; I can go on and on.
Warning: they are generous with the spicy levels 1-10.
I usually go with a 4 or 5.
Sometimes I order a 6, and that can be too spicy for me, but I can handle it.
My siblings can go higher levels!
The service is great.
Every single time that I have been there or called in an order, everyone has been so nice and accommodating.

Phenomenal Thai-style take-out place.
Took less than 10 minutes between placing the order and leaving the restaurant; amazing speed and service for the quality of the food.
Chicken Fried Rice, Chicken Green Curry, and Tom Kha Soup are a few of our favorites from Thai Style Noodle House.

Best thai place in town.
I would highly recommend Tom Ka, red curry and pad thai.
I went to Nattayas and it was good but twice as expensive.

Went here for my co-worker's farewell dinner and just wow.
They have great service (my food came 10 ish minutes after ordering) , all the waiters are super funny and kind and the food is delicious.
The price is pretty good too.
There's nothing on the menu that is above ten dollars.
The Pad Thai, Fried Chicken over Fried Rice and the Duck Soup are some of my favorites.
And the best part?
They have fried ice cream!
Not those crappy fried ice cream dipped in cereal, but ones they actually fried.
Will definitely keep coming back!

Impressed with the food every time!
There are a lot of options and the dishes can be made vegetarian/vegan!
Will continue to eat here and I want to try take out as well.
I ordered the Pad See Ew with tofu, vegan style!
So delicious!
Made with a soy sauce and broccoli.
It was just under $7.
I also ordered a side of steamed white rice.
It was a decent portion for only $1.25.
I recommend giving this Thai restaurant a try!
They have two other locations as well but I haven't been to either one yet.

We keep going back for more and more.
Everything I've tried has been good.
Fried tofu, pineapple fried rice, chicken fried rice, green curry, yellow curry, chicken satay, pad thai, panang curry, edamame, and on and on!
Nice dining room, never too long of a wait.
I'd say this is somewhat of a hidden gem since it's in the corner of the Smith's shopping center.
My wife loves it, my kids love it, I love it, and it doesn't matter if it's dine in, take out, or delivery.
Always good food and always good service.
Make sure to specify you want to pay with a CC over the phone for delivery though, as they hung up after giving me the total and estimated wait before I had the chance to ask to pay with CC.
Fortunately I had the cash on me!

My family and I decided to come here last night, what a delight!
The manager came over and introduced herself while telling us that they were short staffed.
Honestly, the food was totally worth the extra 10-15 mins we waited.
There wasn't one thing that anyone ordered that wasn't eaten completely.
Clean plates for all of us!
And the prices were superb!
My husband and I had: shrimp Tum yum, chicken satay, grilled chicken salad and red curry, the total, $36!
You can't beat that!!
Can't wait to go back!

First time for everything.
Interior is pretty nice, for a grocery store shopping center location, its on the corner of Lake Mead and Rampart, but the big Smiths Shopping store, opposite end from the grocery store.
Its on the NW corner.
It was slightly tricky to find.
I asked the 'owner' I assume for her favorite thai soup, she recommended her version of the tom yum, I got it with extra fish balls and spice level 5, since my gut is killing me lately, but I was fine after I slurped this yummy goodness down.
The fishballs tasted and had the texture of scallops, I was amazed, that was a surprise.
the rice noodles inside a tom yum broth with some chilis and chili oil flowing over the abiss of broth, fish balls(ASK FOR THIS!
) and little bits of meat and shrimps.
My buddy had the Chix Noodle Soup and he said it was the best he has ever had.
I had to ding em up on the service.
Its seat yourself and the girl running the place, seemed very stressed out.
She was there with I needed her, barely, we had to get our own napkins once we slammed are faces into the goodness, but that's elementary for a restaurant, bring me a napkin.
Also, my buddy asked for rice and meat and she had no recommendation, she was silent, maybe it was a language barrier.
A host or something would have helped the whole service standard.
Still, the place has a great atmosphere, they are pretty fast too, and the food is different and very tasty compared to the 100+ thai places I have been too, I will go back again and again....Phob gun Reaw-reaw nee khrup ---translation --See You soon!

Been to so many Thai restaurants..
This one has a very unique taste to their food.
Curry, not so over bearing & everything was great.
Place may need a touch up here and there but its a good size and its clean.
# 4 on the papaya salad was a little too spicy but many choices within$6-$12/ dish.. Thats a treat!
A gem in Summerlin.

Me and my boyfriend order two thai iced teas and we both got curry, mine with shrimp.
The bill was 20$!!
Such a good deal.
The food portions were good size and also really delicious.
Its kind a hole in the wall but definitely worth checking out and we will definitely be back!

A best kept secret!
The Panang Avocado flavor blew us away.
Potstickers with 3 sauces are a good pick.
Shrimp Pad Thai is the best we've had in Vegas.
Prices ?
CHEAP!
Beer and wine license is in the works.
You can bring your own bottle if you buy it have the receipt with you.

Dinner Total With Tax: $20.40 - Very cheap!
We ordered:  1.
Pad thai with chicken (with spicy #8) $6.75 2.
Pad see-eu / pad see ew with beef (with spicy #7) $6.75 3.
Vegetarian egg-rolls (4 pcs) $4.95  Taste: 3 stars - Our takeout pad thai was on the dry side - we prefer our noodles moist and juicy!
On the other hand, our pad see ew was cooked very well, the noodles were moist and the beef was tender.
Yet, both noodle dishes were lacking much salt and sweetness.
We were expecting bold, vibrant, Thai flavors, but instead the flavors of the noodle dishes fell flat.
I favored the moist pad see ew over the dry pad thai.
The veggie eggrolls were crispy, but sadly not stuffed to the max with veggies.
However, their homemade sweet and sour sauce was amazing!
I would order extra sauce next time.
Value: 5 stars - Wow!
2 dinner portions and an appetizer was $20!
They were generous, even on takeout orders.
They didn't skimp on any of the noodle dishes, lot's of meat and lots of noodles.
It's hard to find decent local food on a bargain budget, but here it is!
Service: 5 stars - The lady was very friendly over the phone and she also gathered up thai bird chilies in fish sauce and jalapeños in vinegar for us, as we requested.
Even though we were the last customers in the door for the evening, she was still happy and helpful.
Spice levels: 2 stars - Not very spicy.
The spicy levels here are not true to taste.
We ordered the pad see ew with spicy #7.
In all honesty, we both felt that it was not a true 7, and more like a spicy #2.
It wasn't spicy at all.
We could of easily asked for a spicy 10 and enjoyed it.
We also tried the pad thai with spicy #8, yes, it had minor heat, but more like a spicy #5.
It wasn't spicy enough for us.
(Note, we are avid spice fans.
We love the burn!
)  Would we eat here again?
Oh hell yus!!
Nothing a little salt can't fix.

Never had this type of food before, I loved it but the problem is service bad, not friendly at all.
We were treated like we didnt belong there or an inconvenience.
That's the only reason I give them 3 stars, the food's great.

Mmm, Thai food.
We have a casual dating-kind of relationship going.
I can go for awhile without it, then all of a sudden have a craving that simply can't be fulfilled.
By no means am I married to one Thai place, but my favorite is still probably the one by my house.
Don't be confused, though - I still enjoy this place every now and again.
We've spent some pretty good time together.
I've actually eaten here a few times but usually I get delivery to my job.
The pad see ew is absolutely delicious - the flat noodles are nice and well-cooked, tossed with a delicious sauce, chicken and plenty of vegetables (but not too many that you feel like you're getting stiffed).
The red curry I had when I was super-congested - I believe I ordered a 5 or a 6 (their spicy scale is 1-10) - and not only was it, too, tasty, but it also allowed me to breathe with its well-placed spiciness.
The pad thai is good and reminiscent of the pad se ew but I felt it lacked a little flavor as I really enjoy that in-your-face peanut sauce that, to me, is a staple of the pad thai dish.
It had a hint of a lemon flavor, which is the biggest reason I dislike the pad thai from Le Thai, but it wasn't enough to completely turn me off to the dish.
Or maybe I was starving that day.
I don't know, but it was gone pretty fast.
Each time there's certainly been enough for two meals (I just happened to really be hungry on the pad thai day) and the prices are quite reasonable.
Delivery time can vary - once I waited almost an hour while another time it was around 20 minutes.
Give it a first date - you may end up going for a second.

I've tried all 3 locations and this location wins best decor.
The food is pretty much the same at all locations with the two outside of Chinatown being newer and cleaner in appearance.
Thai Style is my favorite Thai spot outside of the pricier Lotus of Siam.
I think the options are a better value than say Archie's for the typical Thai fare, with some options you might not see at some of the more generic Thai restaurants.
Some of my favorite dishes are the beef/pork jerky with this amazing sweet/salty/sour dipping sauce.
The Moo Tod (fried pork) over fried rice is also delicious, with the pork being fried with a hint of sweetness.
The pork comes over a heaping portion of fried rice.
It also comes with a bland soup...which I generally don't partake in...but I'm told it's a palette cleanser.
My new favorite find has been the Three Companion Pork, which comes with sticky rice, papaya salad, and either pork or chicken.
The papaya salad here is a refreshing option for the Las Vegas summer heat.
It's a blend of green papaya, tomatoes, green beans, and carrots sprinkled with peanuts.
It's a bit spicy even when I ordered it at a level 2 out of 10.
My nose was getting runny while eating it, but I kept going back for more until the dish was empty.
I like that Thai Style also offers duck as an option instead of just chicken/beef/pork.
The duck fried rice and duck pad see ew are delicious.
In the wintertime, I also enjoy the beef noodle soup.
The broth is a dark, thick broth with a variety of beef cuts and beef meat balls.
Most items are $7-9 for a large portion.

I don't feel that the food is very authentic or at least not the way I am used to.
I've had most of the things on the menu and the only things I like are the soups, basil fried rice, sticky rice, and papaya salad.
All of the entrees I've had were weird and not prepared anything like I've traditionally had, plus they give a huge amount of rice per entree and in the same container so the rice gets all soggy.
For the price the soups are a good value but everything else isn't because I don't feel that it's edible.
The meats are always a weird texture, almost like they used canned meat or something like in the garlic pepper chicken, ginger chicken, even the fried chicken which has rave reviews was a weird orange and also soggy.
How do you serve soggy fried chicken??
I've had more entrees and also ones with beef which weren't to my liking.
The only things I have liked didn't have meat in them or had tofu.
I'll still come here for the soups and basil fried rice, but nothing else.
UPDATE: I ate here again with a friend and had the lunch special.
It is a great price at $7.95 for 2 entree choices plus rice, soup and appetizer.
For some reason the way they prepare their meat gives it a weird texture that I don't like so I opted for veggies and tofu in my lunch items which turned out quite good.

Good food coupled with good service.
Have been a customer at both the Wynn Rd and Ft Apache locations, this location is closer to home so far more convenient.
The food is delicious, flavorful and plentiful.
All at a very reasonable price.
Duck curry and duck rice are two of my favorite dishes here.

The perfect little gem in Summerlin.
I just had dinner there yesterday & I want more!
The Tom Kha soup has a lighter, fresher taste than most I've tried, and the chicken & shrimp Pad Thai was delish.
Can't wait to try  other items on the menu.

Food was awesome!
Just wish the waitress woulda given me more then just one cup of water during my meal.
Seriously need to have a chat with their waitresses about customer service and how to check on customers i got a water before my meal and no refill untill she brought me a to go box.
I have been a waiter before so i know first hand keeping up with drinks is the easiest part of the job, if you can't do that then get out of the food service buisness for reals!

I'm a regular here.
Food is always fresh and prepared well.
Can't go wrong with their noodle dishes.
I ordered the duck fried rice and it was spectacular.

