This place is AMAZING!!!
"Multi-tainment" center perfectly describes this place.
You can eat, lounge, bowl, play and watch movies all in the same place!
This place houses 3 restaurants (347 Grill, Luxe and Cones Café) The 347 Grill and the Luxe share the same kitchen, so you'll get the same food quality.
The biggest difference between the two is the 347 Grill is family friendly and the Luxe is for adults only with more emphasis on the drinks as the bar anchors this lounge/restaurant.
My group ate at the Luxe due to the wait at Grill 347; the food was okay nothing to scream about good enough to keep the night festive, the price points were dead on.
I had the Mediterranean salad which was well balanced and good in size however I wish the cucumbers were more freshly cut.
My husband ordered the Honey BBQ wings which were good in size, well sauced and crunchy, yum!
The other people in my party all enjoyed their food as well.
After dinner we headed over to the Ultra Star cinemas for a movie.
For an additional $2.50 you can upgrade to the "Star Class" area upstairs and view your movie minor free with drink and waiter service, score!!!
I didn't get a chance to bowl at the "Tin Pens" bowling alley but next time I definitely will.
The Arcade was decent.
What I like most about this place is the open concept, there are plenty of areas to lounge all around and all the areas of interest seem to flow harmoniously into one another.
Give this place a try you'll be sure to love it!
I'm happy I finally have a place to go when I'm in Maricopa!!!
PS- They have laser tag too!

Maricopa has its own movie theatre!
But wait.
There's more!
They have a bowling alley, new restaurant options and even dine in theatre seating upstairs.
Thanks Ak-Chin.
This town has needed something like this for, well, ever.

This place is beautiful and state of the art!
Staff in all venues are friendly and helpful.

I LOVE IT!
I am happy with this place.
the food is good the drinks are cold and the entertainment is solid.
The only reason its does not get a 5th star is the WIFI is horrible.

Great place to go to in Maricopa since this town has very little to offer.
There is  dining, Arcade games, laser tag, theater, bowling and is right across from the casino and motel.
I had dinner at the 375 Grill and must say this place looks and feels impressive but the place was very cold.
We had to keep our jackets on during the whole meal.
The waitress tried her best to serve us but when the food came out she didn't bring it.
Instead she came empty handed then later said she was going to go get our salad dressing and ketchup.
I got a portobello sandwich which was under the burger list on the menu.
I thought there was suppose to be some meat but it was just a fried portabello for $10.
Got a very small salad on the side.
The sandwich was very good but not for that price.

Checked out arcade and ice cream shop.
place is high tech no doubt.
movie theater is another story.
both times i've attended movie has started late, there was long lines in concession stand and box office because they only had one cashier in each of them.
I think ill stick to harkins even though its a 20 minute drive.

Once again I gave ultrastar another chance, we went to see texas chainsaw at 8:15 everything was good until the movie started.
I noticed there projector light bulb was flickering so everytime there was a scene with a white background the screen would shutter, I noticed this issue because I used to work for a major theater chain for 5 years.

So far I have been trying to plan my sons birthday party for this weekend and it seems they are not concerned about it.
They are NOT accommodating.
The person in charge of booking this is pretty rude!
I am planning on having 20-25 guests which is going to cost over six hundred dollars, but it seems that is not significant for them to treat you with respect.
The actual party will be held this weekend....so we will see what the outcome is.

Had a children's bowling birthday party.
The staff was amazing from the coordinator , Barb who set everything up via phone and email prior to the big day, to our own personal staff during our party.
The prices were extremely reasonable and included two lanes, pizza, drinks, cupcakes, private party room, balloons, and shoe rentals!!!!
Cannot be beat!!
The atmosphere was great and the parents were happy with food and drink service while the kids bowled.
Highly recommend using them for your parties!

Since the place officially opened on November 15, 2012, Maricopians have been able to treck less further for cinema and some night life entertainment.
There is also bowling, lasertag, and a small arcade of family fun games.
This is a very much welcome and needed venue near the casino and hotel which have also recently undergone serious updating.
The whole place actually has more of a resort place feel than it had before since the addtion of the Ultra Star Multi-tainment Center.
I want to point out specifically that they have Foos -ball here and that the tables are beautiful!
I looked long and hard and without going all the way to Scottsdale, I could not find a decent Foos-Ball scenario anywhere.
There are at least 5 tables located on the adult only upper floor of the center in the Luxe bar.
The Luxe Lounge is trendy without being pretentious and is a safe and fun place to pose.
Great music and also good mooding spaces ( ask me and I will explain).
The place is new and they have had some growing pains early on with mis-prints on ticket seating, speediness of service, and also bathroom issues.
But overall, everyone in service seems nice, food quality in the venues has been good ( 4 out of 5 for me) and the theatre is clean and comfy.
Keep it up!

Had a good time watching parker.
Popcorn is good and it was free.
star class needs some additions, like a call button so you dont have to track down your server, and the swing tables like amc and studio movie grill has.

Love this place.
Great food, the bowling is GREAT.
We also had my sons birthday there with the room and the service and entire package was great.
Had a date night movie upstairs, food and drinks then to the Luxe Lounge.
Good times.
Great place to go.
The 347 Grill is really good too and the prices are right.

Here's the newest addition to Harrah's Casino complex out here on the Rez.
This amusement center features 24-lane "Ten Pin Bowl" bowling center, a big 12-screen Theater, "347 Grill and Bar" with booze, pizza & so on, a video arcade with the hottest new games, conference/party rooms, a nice outdoor patio area with tables, and more.
This whole place is beautiful and theatre admission prices are LOW, at around $6.to $9 for first run movies!
(Prices for individual screenings vary according to age, time of day, military status & so on, but everyone gets a shot at the lowest prices!
)  This place is smaller than Amazing Jake's but it's classy...  won't remind you of Taco Bite!
:-))

This place is incredible!
I love the movie theater with it's rocking leather seats.
The theater also offers box seats that move in sequence to the movie, I have not tried those yet but plan to soon.
It also offers balcony seats for patrons 21 or older where you may order drinks throughout the movie or maybe you just want to be served lunch or dinner.
They also offer a bowling alley and arcade room.
Now my favorite places of all, The Cone where they serve homemade ice cream daily and the 347 Grill.
The rib-bye steak at the Grill is the best I ever had and is only half the price as the Steak House inside the Casino!
Just amazing food!
A really amazing place!

so I'm stuck  in the middle with this place.
Luxe  has really good food and I like the theater, arcade and bowling alley but they need a SEVERE upgrade  to the staff.
They  are far too immature and need to act way more professional.

I love this place!
Adult only balcony seating.
Awesome bowling.
Nice restaurants.
It's kinda hard to believe it's in Maricopa.

Okay so this place is pretty cool.
I was going to go 4 stars but the servers and cost of the bowling alley brought it down a star.
I visited the bowling alley first, it is a nice place and a lot of fun.
Downside: there were maybe 15 people in the place and it took forever to get the attention of a server.
My beer took over 20 minutes and my kids sodas almost 40 minutes.
Cost wise the food and beverages were a good price but the lack of good servers made it a no no next time.
Bowling was great fun, but a lot overpriced...   Next we visited the arcade.
It was fun, cheap and passed tome before we saw the movie.
Last stop was the theater.
Fair price, great staff and a very nice auditorium.
The snacks were priced fairly and were good quality.
Overall it was a good time.
I will be back for sure.

Dropped by here to watch This is The End.
The theater was huge, the screen was very clear and the seating was so comfortable.
I will definitely return here to watch a movie again if in the area.
Also, this place has bowling, pool and eateries.
Give this place a try if in the area.

Awesome so cooool

This place is amazing!
There is so much to do here, and everything is nice!
Bowling is awesome, although service can be a bit slow.
The food is decent, the arcade is pretty awesome, the movie theater is SPECTACULAR and rarely crowded, the Laser Tag arena is small but the space is used well, and the Luxe Lounge is pretty darn awesome for watching sports and getting drinks!
The weak link has been the 347 Grill, but I think they are getting better.
The food side of this place is the only thing keeping my review at four stars instead of five.
Still, the Lobster Mac and Cheese was pretty amazing, so there is reason for hope!

NIce decor inside, comfortable.
My Grandz had a blast, laser tag, bowling, arcade.
Seen a couple movies there, pretty good.

We enjoyed the bowling and the good food.
The kids enjoyed the splash pad out front and the arcade.
We found it better to pay for one game at a time vs per hour because we were eating as well.
This is a one stop entertainment shop.

My husband and I LOVE the Multi-tainment Center!!!
Love the movie theater and snack bar.
Very comfortable seats!!
Love The Cone!!!
They are always so courteous and friendly.
You can get samples so you know for sure you get the flavor you want and try new flavors.
The ice cream is flavorful and creamy good.
Haven't tried the 347 Grill, but I talked to the host one day and he was very informative and nice!!
We will try it next time we go.
We are planning on taking the grandkids next time and they can do all the other things, like laser tag and arcades.
So glad we have this great, fun place to go for entertainment

We ate at the 347 Grill.
We had the calamari for starters: it was really good.
My fish and chips were great too.
My husband had the prime rib which was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing.
The service was prompt and friendly.
For us, the serving sizes were quite generous and we have leftovers!
This is actually not the first time we've eaten here, and we've always enjoyed the great food, friendly service, and fun atmosphere.
For this meal, we were seated further away from the bar, which was perfect - much less noisy, and no TV's!
:-)   We love, love, love the new multi-tainment center and look forward to many future visits!

There's a brand-new state-of-the-art movie theater, multiple restaurants, an arcade, laser tag, and a bowling alley.
What more could you ask for?
A hotel and casino?
It's a three minute walk away.
The movie theater is all digital, and offers one 3-D movie at a time.
They use passive 3-D glasses like most movie theaters, and the result is very good.
I haven't noticed any ghosting in any of the movies that I've seen.
The only issue I have is the sound.
When I go to the movie theater I want the sound to surround me.
I want big explosions, and it seems like no matter what theater I'm in here, the sound is always at 60%.
They have vibrating seats which don't serve any purpose for me, because I'm in a wheelchair.
They also offer a "star class" option.
It's a couple dollars extra per seat, it's reserved only for people 21 and older, offers a private bar, and you sit in the balcony.
They also offer in seat dining with an abbreviated selection of items from the 347 grill downstairs.
My understanding though, is that they have another kitchen upstairs to handle the load of the star class auditoriums.
To get there, you take an elevator upstairs, give the ticket taker your ticket, and walk through a really neat hallway with stars twinkling above you.
The only negatives I can think of are that you are paying extra for the luxury of having food delivered to you, and since you're at the very top and back of the theater in the balcony area, you don't have any sound coming from behind you which really makes a noticeable difference.
They have two different restaurants there, both offering similar foods.
The 347 Grill has a really neat water feature surrounding it where bubbles change colors.
I know it's just bubbles, but I could honestly sit there for hours staring at this if they wouldn't arrest me and take me away.
They have a couple of neat entrées, including lobster mac & cheese which is delicious and I totally recommend it.
Don't expect to be able to pop in get some food and pop out to your movie though.
This is typical restaurant times we're talking about here.
Typically 30 to 40 minutes to get food.
The service is hit and miss leaning a bit more towards miss.
It almost seems like servers hide from you...
I never seem to be able to find one when I need one.
When I do though, they're usually really friendly.
Perhaps, when I go they're just stretched thin.
The second restaurant upstairs is more of a sports bar.
Lots of TVs everywhere, and a more sports bar geared menu.
A little bit smaller, with bar favorites.
The drinks are always ice cold, and the service is always prompt and very friendly.
I've never had any trouble getting the seats which is another plus!
From up there, you can look down and see people bowling, which is a good way to pass the time if you're not into whatever's on TV at that moment.
They also have a small patio outside with a couple of tables and TVs where I believe you can smoke.
Speaking of the bowling alley, It's fun!
I'm DEFINITELY not a professional bowler by any means.
I'd hardly say I'm an amateur.
But I do have fun bowling with my friends and family.
For people with small children or for other folks like me in wheelchairs, they have rails that they can set up so you can roll your ball down easier.
They also have bumpers that can go up or down automatically depending on which player is up at the moment.
After bowling at some older facilities, I think that's a huge deal!
Everybody else can bowl without the bumpers, and I can throw them up, so I don't roll a gutter every other time.
Food is definitely popular throughout the entire complex, and it's offered here as well.
They have a small selection of appetizers, as well as pizza.
You can also get drinks served.
The servers always seem to be stretched thin here, So if you see one, flag them down as soon as possible so you can get your order in.
During the week, you pay for each game, however, on Friday and on the weekend, you pay by the hour.
This can be good or bad depending on how fast you want to bowl.
I would think it would hurt their food sales because everybody would be in such a rush to bowl they wouldn't want to take time to eat.
You can pick up shoes for a couple bucks if you need them.
They also offer a promotion where if you see a different color pin in the one position, and you get a strike, you win cash.
I really wish I could provide a review on the laser tag arena, however, since I'm in a wheelchair, I'd make an easy target!
Maybe I'll go in there someday just to check it out, but for now, let's focus this review elsewhere.
The arcade has enough games to keep your kids busy while you're finishing dinner or having a drink at the 347 Grill adjacent to it.
It's definitely not up to the level of the Gameworks, or D&B but there's definitely some good Time killers in there.
They keep the area clean which is a plus.
Overall, it's definitely worth a visit!
P.S.
Say goodbye to your cellular signals.
They do offer free Wi-Fi though.

We went during spring break on Monday and found out that it was dollar games and dollar shoe rentals, (GREAT DEAL), This place was clean, Mason was awesome.
And for a bowling alley, it wasn't too loud.
The only downfall was the lane servers weren't the friendliest and took forever to come by.

The undiscovered gem of the Southern valley ^_^  The Best: *NO lines or crowds!
*Tons of events happening all week long *StarClass - a butler for only $2 a seat!
*super clean and trendy facilities *VIP movie Suites (Can we say Private Bathroom!?!
=D )  The good: *Large variety of activities- Kids?
Date night?
You name it!
*Loyalty cups & anual popcorn pass *Discount Thursday movie *DJ, Theme & Fight nights at the Lounge *Video game tournaments *Weekend craft fair  The unusual: *Front row of StarClass seats unavailable to buy - partial view of screen *No drink or food specials in StarClass *StarClass food is so/so and often arrives barely warm *Service varies.
Inattentive thru polite & helpful *Odd movie times.
Showtimes past 8pm are needed here!
I think they're still trying to adjust to their growing popularity and sometimes don't have enough staff in the right places, but any wait is a short one- and a fraction of other theatres & multi-plexes.
Food could be improved but nice variety.
Paying $2 to upgrade to StarClass (21+) is well worth it!

Awesome and affordable.
A great place to chill with friends and family.
Nice Cinemas, dope bowling alley, arcade, laser tag and restaurant.
Always a good time with the family at this spot.

This is a state of the art theater with the lounge and 347 grill attached.
It's great because it's always so empty, I get there 15 min early and always get the seats I prefer.

