We have a new resident in town!
Although fellow-countrywoman Shania Twain hasn't had a concert in over 8 years, you wouldn't know it because she put on such a great show with energy, pizazz and live horses.
Yes, she had a few horses out on stage with her that were very well behaved and you could tell that she loved those horses.
We had the privilege to see her perform (special preview) before her debut performance here in Las Vegas starting on Dec 1 and she didn't disappoint.
She is a great artist that knows how to connect with her audience.
This being her first concert in quite some time, she looked like a polish act.
Her backup singers (including her sister Carrie-Ann), dancers and band all did an awesome job too.
I loved the solo she had with her white horse when she sang "You're Still the One".
She looked great, sounded wonderful and all her costume changes look marvelous on her.
Quoting her song "That Don't Impress Me Much", well, we were very impressed by her.
She actually recreated her music video of this song with her safari outfit and background.
At one point, she had only the twin backup singers and her singing harmony without any accompanying music.
Her voice is just awesome.
This is definitely one of the best shows on the strip.
Thanks to AEG Live Production for bringing such a wonderful talent to our city.
Two thumbs up to you Shania!
Welcome to our city.

Shania Twain, opening night at Coliseum with After Party, you bet I'm excited.
I can't really recall many of her songs before I get there but I figure I will know a few and an enjoyable night is ahead of me.
Upon arrival I am warned by security, my usher and a voice from the PA  that photos are prohibited and all mobile devices MUST be switched OFF during the show, I'm OK with that.
7:30, curtains open and there is a video of Ms.
Twain riding a motorcycle with a frame shaped like a horses head.
Very cool.
A moment later Shania enters , suspended from a wire on the aforementioned horsey m/c, she's lowered to the stage and away we go.
She is wearing a skin tight sequined cat-suit, think Halle Berry in Catwoman and you will get the picture, only glittery.
Maybe a pop star super hero?
Swarovski Girl?
I do not wish for my review to be a spoiler for those who have yet to attend but the show is truly excellent.
You will see a very tight 14 piece band, handsome dancers with abs similar to my own ( sniff ) who also can play instruments while they dance.
Her vocals are great and there is a genuine chemistry between her and her band, dancers and back up singers featuring lil' sis.
Horses!
On stage!
Audience participation , a country element featuring a life size saloon , our heroine in blue jeans and pink cowboy boots plus much much more.
She seems to be an extremely nice genuine lady who is relishing this chance to perform.
Incidentally , I share this thought with one of the Caesars bosses later in the evening, and he confirms this, and goes on to say, when off stage she is actually even nicer.
No diva.
Shania delivers a two hour show, anyone will recognize a minimum of 80% of her work, it's a large fun show that passes by in what seems like minutes.
6 stars.
PS If you ignore the warnings about photos, they will find you and they will throw you out as several people discovered on Saturday.
Bye.

Fantastic!
Amazing!
Jaw Dropping!
This is a MUST see if you are a Shania Fan!
One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas since I've lived here!
Here's the notable mentions:  1) Her figure, holy crap, how does a woman around the age of 45 look like this?
She puts girls that work at Sapphires to shame, believe you me.
She's got some body and God bless her genes and jeans!
2) Her voice-she was clear as a whistle.
Sang every song *live*.
Sang songs a cappella [without music] and it was angelic 3) Lighting/stage/costumes- wow some of this was just to die for.
perfect and a show to behold 4) She plays all the songs you remember and wears all the outfits that are from her sexy videos 5) She drinks her meals and is very amendment about that!
Amen for that!
3 random things to note:  1) Her "male" dancers need to hit up Stoney's and see how country dancing is really done.
They were a little off when dancing together AND they weren't manly enough for me.
She might've been better served getting some mediocre looking men from Stoney's that really know how to boot scoot and boogie.
They didn't do it for me or my all female group.
Perhaps they should train w/ the Chippendales?
2) The average age of the audience.
Wow this was kind of a shocker for me.
I'm in my early 30's I thought there would be some 30s, 40's and 50's age groups present...
Boy was I wrong!
I would venture to say the average age of the audience was closer to 70.
Yeah for real, like my parents age.
Walkers, hearing aids and all.
So keep that in mind, it could've been a lot more rowdier if there was a younger crowd, but it was very 'tame' in my opinion.
3) Ticket pricing is steep.
I paid about $150 a ticket for dead center Mezzanine, not cheap.
And while we saw everything that was going on on-stage, there were definitely higher priced tickets below us.

Long story short, Ive seen many concerts over the years but have to say Shania Twains Still the One concert could possibly be the best live concert I have ever been to!
Shania put on a down to earth jaw dropping concert...
I Loved It!

In 2003 I took my wife (who had all of Shania Twain's CD's) to her live concert in Connecticut.
Though I was not (and still am not) a huge country music fan, Shania Twain was the most caring for her audience entertainer I've ever seen.
The American Express/Ticketmaster promotion hit the TV ads  approx.
1 1/2 years ago and I made the call to take my wife to opening night at Ceasars.
We got the third row back right along side the stage.
This is the absolute most amazing, over the top, outstanding show anywhere by any one person.
The opening with the motorcycle, the videos, the ensemble singers & dancers, the two different horses, the costumes, the campfire, and the grand finally were all thoroughly entertaining.
The only thing that sucked was the no photo Ceasar Palace rule!
It's definitely not the Shania rule.
In Connecticut back in '03 she not only allowed photos throughout her entire performance but she is so into her audience that she wards off the security guards to allow her fans to come up to the stage while she is singing her songs.
She is one of a kind, and Still the One.

Ok, ok must admit - not a huge Shania Twain fan- I went on a Weds night, spending a ton ($250) on a 4th row center ticket.
My rationale: the show would be cheaper than the tables I was losing at...
I was pleasantly surprised.
Set is amazing.
Shania sounds & looks great!
Lots of energy - I would use "perky".
Great backing vocalists and musicians - very tight.
Performance seemed to fly by.
I've seen Elton John, Celine and Rod Stewart in the same venue & though Rod was the best of the four IMO (I can't believe I'm writing this) - Shania comes in at a close second.

The Colosseum at Caesars is one of Vegas's few "classy" venues.
Like formal night on a cruise ship, a night at the Colosseum is a chance for regular folks to dust off their most regrettable sequined gowns and rent-a-tuxes and promenade around like real-life city slickers.
Local fools (and visiting idiots) consider the entertainment here to be high art, and it's all very serious and grown-up.
Until now.
As I watched Shania Twain and the Country Bear Jamboree do-si-do around the stage, I swear I could feel Celine Dion wincing in horreur at the spectacle overtaking her precious proscenium.
After all, they built that stage for HER -- and look at what these fly-by-night hillbillies are doing to it!
All those boots scuffing the floor!
A CAMPFIRE right in the middle!
And it's just a matter of time before one of those horses takes a massive dump right on the hallowed spot where La Quebecoise bawls the Titanic theme night after night.
Sacre Bleu!!!!!
For these reasons alone, I was very inclined to dig the SHIT out of this show.
Alas, the entire production seemed a bit hokey, and very cruise ship.
Boot-scootin', square-dancin', the aforementioned down-homey-ring-around-the-campfire shtick...not to mention the ABYSMALLY cheesy opening sequence, featuring a miserably executed green-screen fantasy of Shania riding bareback on a horse that somehow turns into a motorcycle, which then magically flies into the theater with a sequined Shania clinging to it for dear life.
Uhh...REALLY?!
Shania herself looks fantastic, clothed in a succession of skin-tight, Be-Dazzled ensembles that would make Cowboy Barbie proud....topped off with an astonishingly voluminous weave that is so ginormous, it threatens to overtake the show.
The higher the hair, the closer to Jesus!
Her only other sartorial misstep is the lamentable pair of cheetah-print jammy pants she inexplicably flaps about in during "That Don't Impress Me Much.
" (I wouldn't be surprised if Celine herself didn't cattily advise her to  wear them...can't have the competition looking TOO good.
) But other than that, she looks marvelous.
The same sadly cannot be said for the rest of the show.
The band is good, and the dancers are enthusiastically campy.... but many of the sets look like rejects from Frontierland (I TOLD you it was the Country Bear Jamboree), and the Western shtick is plied thicker than flies on...well, you know.
First you're in the forest primeval, birds tweeting merrily... then it starts snowing...next thing you know you're in a honky-tonk, and then you're back in the forest, sitting around a giant campfire.
YEE-HAW!
The finale is an orgy of glitter, fireworks and square dancing, like the Vegas Express colliding with the Chattanooga Choo-Choo -- the finest lowbrow spectacle this side of Royal Caribbean.
Sadly, the people who come to Vegas (and the Colosseum) will likely lap up this pap like grits-n-gravy, so.....
Kudos to you, Shania Twain; you are soon to be an even wealthier woman!
But be careful with that money...one day, you'll buy a weave (or a BeDazzler) so big, it will destroy us all!!!!!!!!

Las Vegas NFR Week Review  Las Vegas is known for many, many different things.
After living there for 8 years I can honestly say that Las Vegas provides you with absolutely anything and everything you could ever want to do in life.
Vegas is the home of many exciting events and conventions.
One of the events that I personally look forward to annually is the National Finals Rodeo (NFR).
This is when the whole town literally turns into the Wild West!
Cowboys are EVERYWHERE!!
Every hotel plays country music hoping to entice the cowboys to come in and gamble, dine, drink and see shows!!
Two huge Country music acts have just rolled into town and kicked off their run in Vegas during this NFR season!
Shania Twain and Tim and Faith!
I was very blessed to be able to go to Shania Twain at Caesars Palace, the NFR at Thomas and Mack Center, Tim McGraw and Faith Hill at the Venetian and ending with Leann Rimes Christmas Special at the Las Vegas Hotel (LVH).
Because of my good fortunes, a friend of mine asked me to write a review so I can share this journey with y'all!
My incredible week began with Shania Twain at Caesars Palace.
I have to admit, I walked in a little skeptical after reading about her vocal problems and other issues.
But on the other hand I had read a very complimentary article discussing the elaborate costumes which were made by scratch and how she diligently worked on every detail regarding the show.
The first few minutes of the show I was blown away with her grand entrance from an elevated motorcycle (Cirque style) with a video game backdrop.
The 47 year old super star looked stunning in her tight fitting costume!
She was struggling vocally in the beginning of the concert and I think it was a combination of getting used to singing every night after such a long hiatus as well as dealing with the dry desert air.
Her vocals progressed throughout the concert.
She engaged with her audience immediately and if you aren't a fan of her music you would be drawn in by her beauty and charm.
She comes out into the audience quite a bit and one of my favorite parts of the show is the camp fire sing along section where she includes a few members of the audience to sit on the rocks by the camp fire and sing with her.
Her husband, Frederic goes up into the nose bleed section and brings a couple of people down to sit on stage with his wife.
There are several set changes and the band looks like they are having a ball up there.
The band actually becomes a part of each set complete with costume changes.
When you go to see Shania there is absolutely no picture taking allowed!!
The main reason for this is the safety of her horses which are brought out a couple of times during the show.
You DO NOT want to spook a horse in this venue!
She ended the show with the coolest production of "Man, I Feel  Like A Woman" that I have ever seen.
The house was packed and a definite must see!
In this showroom I have seen Celine Dion, Bette Midler and Elton John but Shania Twain was my absolute favorite!!
Friday night was the Soul 2 Soul concert put on by Tim McGraw and Faith Hill at the Venetian where the Phantom of the Opera ran for 6 years.
They cleverly opened up their concert with Faith Hill's huge 1995 hit "Let's Go To Vegas" from the back of the house, walking through the audience towards the stage.
After the second or third song, Tim opens up to the audience and says hello while Faith is off doing a costume change.
Faith had beautiful gowns, but didn't move at all except to fiddle with her in-ear monitors, adjusting the levels at her back.
I found this to be very distracting.
She didn't address the audience until half way through the show when she and Tim had a little "sit down and get personal with the audience" session.
Then she sang an Aretha Franklin song and her charisma came out and she looked like she was finally enjoying herself (maybe her in-ears began working properly).
Tim generously gave out a guitar to a very thrilled audience member.
They closed the show with an intimate version of their 2007 hit "I Need You" and then walked out into the audience and said good bye.
I walked away from the concert feeling that this couple was truly in love and that in itself was a warm and beautiful sensation.
All in all it was a wonderful and exciting week at the famous National Finals Rodeo!
You could see amazing big production shows or enjoy a myriad of other acts all over town.
Whether you are a Country fan or not the town is filled with excitement.

One of the worst shows I've ever seen in Las Vegas.
The act is horrific from the opening number.. with Shania hovering out on a motorcycle in mid-air... extremely cheesey.
Shania has been out of the game for 8 years.. and it is very apparent with her vocal range, she never takes ANY risks and stays in a very boring level the whole show.
Her stage props/setting are distracting to how bad her personal performance is... a vocalist concert should focus on the vocals... not the ridiculous videos of burning forests and white/black horses...
Her dancers are just as bad... with them faking instrument solos and them being all over the place... it was comical at how bad they were.
The only positive remark I can give to this show was that her wardrobe was very nice... she looked beautiful, but it wasn't enough to neglect her show.
*Note... the sing around the campfire will be the moment when you fall asleep... just like everyone else in attendance.
GET RID OF THIS.
For the price of admission, I'd rather see Tim/Faith... or Legends in Concert...
I've heard better Shania Karoake at Ellis Island.

I have seen this show twice...both times it was extremely amazing...hands down one of the best shows I have seen.
The visuals from the start to finish are amazing...she sounds great!
and is very down to earth....the dancers are hot too!
I highly highly highly recommend seeing this show!

Yesterday, I shared 2 hours of my life with Shania Twain.
I saw her "Still The One" show at Caesar's Palace.
We ended up with the $86 seats up on the third level.
It is the Coliseum's version of nose bleed seats.
The ushers were friendly.
They let us know that they will not let you back in to the end of the song if you have to leave your seat.
Of course photography is a major no no.
Seating: 3 &1/2 stars    After we were seated I saw that every seat was stadium seating.
Nose bleed wasn't going to be terrible after all.
When we waited for the show, the curtin had a woods motif.
Their was piped in bird chirping.
The bar: 2 stars    Every level of the coliseum features a bar.
I passed over paying $8.50 for a platinum Miller.
I'm spending 2 hours with Shania Twain.
I did not need a beer.
THE SHOW:  7:30 to 9:30 PM   The rest of the review is a detailed experience of Shania: Still the One.
I rate each set and discuss the scenery and songs.
Introduction: 4 stars  At 7:30, the show started.
The curtain opens to a white screen and smoke.
There is a video of Shania riding on a horse.
Then she is on a motorcycle.
To a loud applause the real Shania Twain rides onto the stage on a motorcycle.
Leading set: 4 stars    On a set that looks like space Shania leads off with "I'm Gonna Getcha.
" Then Shania goes into "You Win My Love Dancing" and "Your So Complicated.
" Her band features talented violinists.
Shania then welcomed us to the show.
She is optimistic about the future of her career.
After years away from the spotlight Shania is shouting out that this is part of something big.
Shania jumps into "No Way Up From Here.
" In most of this song the violinists are replaced by dancers.
There is a video of a gun fight during a set change.
Second set: 4 stars    Shania rides onto a set featuring a saloon on a horse.
She performs "I Ain't Your Friend" and "Nobody Needs To Know.
" Showing off pink boots, she goes into "Who's Bed Has Your Boots Been Under?
" Shania talks to the audience before going into "Any Man of Mine.
"  Third set: 4 stars   During a stage set there is a video of a cheetah.
The set takes on a cheetah motif.
Shania performs "Don't Impress Me Much","I'm on my way," & "If Your Not In It For Love.
" Shania exits through a red door.
Fourth set: 4 stars    The new stage looks like woods.
Shania reminisces how she got into music.
She introduces her sister Carrie Ann as a back up singer before doing a remake of that song.
The set is now based around a campfire.She brings in 4 people to sing along to "Come on Over" "We're Gonna Rock" and "Today Is Your Day.
" This set reminds me of Unplugged.
She picked a couple of interesting people that seemed to be in Margaritaville.
They added humor.
Fifth set: 4 1/2    During a stage set, the video turns to a fire then a snowy scene featuring a white horse.
Shania rides in on a white horse.
Sitting on the horse then petting it she sings "Still the One.
" This is my favorite part of the show.
She rides off stage on the horse.
Sixth set: 4 stars    On the sixth set a white blanket is across the stage.
Shania performs "From This Moment.
"  Seventh and final set: 4 stars    The new set with red light and smoke picks up the pace several notches.
Flashy guitars are blasting.
S-H-A-N-I-A appears in large letters.Shania has become a rocker.
The audience applauds loudly-and our two hours with Shania ends.
Yelp 100 Challenge.
Review 51.

Shania Twain put on a great show.
She was a bit weak vocally during the first half of her show but eventually was able to belt it out during the second half.
She had problems working with the white horse during "Still the One" I think the horse was suppose to do some sort of trick but it just sort of stood there.
I also think she was lip sycing that particular song but the rest of the concert was clearly sung live.
She did not seem entirely comfortably during her performance.
She just looked a bit tired and uneasy.
Perhaps because it's been years since she really performed on a regular basis.
At $150 per ticket, she should seem a bit more thrilled that we are still interested in her music.

I saw this show on March 30th, which was one day before my son's 21st birthday.
This is his favorite performer of all time, and it was amazing.
My son has Autism, and he was thrilled to sit near the stage on an aisle seat.
As the show started, I was impressed with Shania's singing, and the stage show was fabulous.
Here is the thing.
Not only is Shania a beautiful person on the outside, she is even more incredible on the inside.
She mentioned how humble she felt to be in Vegas, and sincerely thanked everyone for being there.
As the show progressed.
Shania made her way out into the audience to greet some folks.
She made her way around to our side, and stopped just short across the aisle from us, to hug a teenage boy who had some serious mental disability.
I was impressed as she took the time to chat with him, and was very very gracious, and afterwords, she stood up, turned around, and miraculously looked straight at my son with a smile that would melt anyone, and shook his hand and said hello.
That's it, I was crying for joy, as he got his wish to meet her, and I was thankful for  the rest of the stay in Vegas.
The show is first rate, and she changed clothes at least 6 times.
Shania stiill has it, and I'm glad to have been there for that moment for my son.
Thanks Shania and God Bless ya'

Well.
I'm pleasantly surprised.
Considering the mix of reviews I've heard from my collegues.
The show was really good!
:-)  Her entrance was super cool, I don't want to give it away, so I'll plead the 5th on that junk.
It lagged a tiny bit for a few songs and then she brought out a personable, down to Earth side, which I loved.
She walked around in the audience interacting with fans.
Brought up a few of them to sing with her "around the campfire" & take pictures.
She got sexy, she got hip, it really covered a good spectrum of her repertoire.
I will say however, she seemed still very fragile and held-back a bit, but everyone who knows her story is compassionate & understanding.
Her voice wasn't as strong, but she pulled out an excellent overall show.
It seemed like they cranked up the background music to overlay her singing.
But I didn't care.
I will suggest this, ESPECIALLY if you're a fan, you'll love it!!
The only thing that makes me laugh are her "backup boy dancers" LMAO!!
These gogo dudes literally were plucked out of a gay nightclub.
Not that there's ANYTHING wrong with that!!!!!!
I personally embrace that, but, they were in cowboy outfits attempting to be macho and manly.
Since most of her following are actual REAL cow-folk, I'm sure they would agree with me, it was quite comical.
haha!
But then again I could be dead wrong on that....just my personal opinion.
It was very good, ENJOY :)

Humble, beautiful, super star.
WOW!
We went to Shania on 5/14/13 and saw a show that amazed from start to finish.
The setting in the Colosseum is fabulous.
She came out into the crowd singing and greeted adoring fans even having some sing along with her.
Once again an amazing show I highly recommend.

Had a great time.
I wish she had done more from UP than her older stuff but overall I was so glad I went.

Awww, Shania!
With your very public life struggles, beautiful voice and gorgeous music videos, I've always had a soft spot for you.
I was very excited to receive complimentary tickets to Shania's show.
I had never been in the Colosseum for one, and well, it's Shania!
If you love Country-Pop, you know what this means.
Drink prices were 'meh' but they were on par with other notoriously famous and successful venues.
We were seated and to my delight, we had 4th row orchestra seats!
Shimmery flowy gold curtains adorned the stage.
I didn't realize how BIG the stage was, until the curtains were pulled back.
Shania opens up with an upbeat number.
Her costumes show off her still bangin' body (I hope I look that hot when I'm 47!).
While her voice admittedly, isn't what it used to be (she did suffer vocal cord trauma), she still delivers a solid performance of both singing, dancing, and a yahoo good time.
Scene changes are smooth, her musical performers (dancers and musicians) are ALL good looking.
They seem like they're having a lot of fun on stage as well.
One thing about her show that stood out for me-I've never had a smell-o-vision experience like this.
She wants to stimulate all of your senses, it seems.
Depending on the scene, there are aromas to go along with it.
Musky campfire, sexy perfume aroma, one time I swore I was standing in a lush forest.
Cool show, for sure.

I have a long love affair with Shania Twain.
She is like crack.
She was my gateway drug into the world of country and there is no turning back now.
Since I found out about her residency at the Colosseum, I have been dying to go see her show.
Half a year later, I finally got the chance to see her.
I will be honest.
I was not the biggest fan of her newest material.
She had some rough times and the optimism in her new stuff was refreshing, but I wanted more of the sassy country pop queen.
Luckily for us all, it was predominantly her old hits with a peppering of her new songs.
My friends and I were on the first mezzanine and although she was hard to make out at certain moments, I did not ever feel upset.
I was just so enthralled by how she worked the crowd and appreciate her fans.
From beginning to finish I was completely entranced by her stage presence and aura.

Shania is truly amazing.
I got goosebumps from the second her performance started.
I left speechless.
Seeing her come back after all these years makes me so happy.
I am so going back again in October.
(I wish i could of been one of the lucky people to hug her in front row or go up on stage to the campfire sing-a-long.
Seeing her perform was a true gift.
I loved it all!

Shania delivered one of the best concerts that I've been to anywhere.
It helped to have the intimate setting of Caesars Colosseum and to have great seats near the stage.
Shania really made the experience personal and memorable by coming down off the stage several times and shaking hands, taking pictures, and interacting with the crowd.
She sang really well and of course her songs are fun.
She also looked terrific and happy.

Back in March, I flew into Las Vegas to visit my cousin.
While I was in town, we went to see Shania's show at Caesars Palace.
We saw the show on the very first night of the second leg.
Shania's voice (along with the dancers and backing vocalists) were a little bit off at the start of the show.
After the first few songs, she was able to belt out the songs just like her old self.
I especially loved the opening with the motorcycle hanging above the stage.
I also loved how she incorporated the horses into the show.
You should know that her show is clearly not everyone's cup of tea.
If you have been a fan of Shania and have seen her in concert in the past, you will clearly enjoy this show!

My friend took me as a celebration of life, her father died and left her money.
She paid $350.00 per ticket.
I loved the show, Shania still looks absolutely beautiful and her voice is amazing.
I enjoyed everything except for the singing around the campfire.
That was really hooky.
The rest of the show I loved especially the last song, Man, I feel like a woman.
She was very confident and SEXY.

She is one beautiful and talented lady!
The shows all over production value was excellent and very entertaining.
The campfire sing-a-long was way too long and boring.
The hunky dancers where definitely eye candy.

I love Shania Twain.
We flew to Las Vegas to see her show and the Grand Canyon again.
In that particular order.
We paid $600 each for orchestra level seats and the 2 hr performance was spectacular.
From the opening sequence where she flies in astride a motorcycle suspended over the stage wearing a tight black sequined suit with knee-high femme fatale boots, I was in heaven.
She sang most of her hits and rode a magnificent black horse on stage.
Shania was in great spirits and voice, and seemed to be having the time of her life.
My favorite was Shania singing, "Any Man of Mine" wearing hot pink cowboy boots (Hey Shania - Hello Kitty will be calling for these boots!
), bright pink rhine-stone studded satin shirt and jeans.
Yee-haw!!!
And the closing song, "Man I Feel Like a Woman!
" sent us singing into the casino area ready for some roulette.
We'll be returning to see her next year.
Thank you Shania for a fantastic show - you're still the one!

This show was really good.
I didnt know what to expect honestly as I had never seen Shania live.
I wasn't disapointed!
This show had lots of energy, costume changes, and cool stage props.
This is the best show I have ever seen in Vegas honestly.
I would reccomend getting seats in the front half of the floor as there is alot of audience interaction

We just enjoyed a fabulous concert by Shania.
I would highly recommend you get tickets.
She is so beautiful, personable and a engaging entertainer.
We had so much fun while dancing and singing with her.
Thank you to a very inspiring beautiful woman we can truly look to as a role model.

Shania Twain, featured at the Colosseum at Caesar's Palace, is a Las Vegas style show with country roots and somewhat a rock & rock feel.
The lights, stage and overall feel of the show's production was excellent.
Shania belted out all of her hits and did so with charm and elegance.
The concert is very fan interactive as she tries to meet and greet everyone in the main area of the concert hall.
Her band was excellent with a special kudos to the electric guitar player(s).
They were fantastic!
I guess my only issue with the show was the sound quality.
It wasn't horrible, no, but compared to the Mirage Hotel where the speakers are embedded in the seats there was no comparison.
I think it is time for the Colosseum to embrace surround sound to ensure a high quality event.
I recommend Shania: Still the One

We had the time of our lives in Vegas and the best part of our trip was seeing Shania!
What a fun and amazing experience for us!
2 of Shania's song were our wedding songs, so to sit there and listen as she sang them live was such a precious time for my husband and I.
It was a moment we'll never forget!
We were up in the second mezzanine for the show, not as close as I'd have wished for, but it worked for our budget.
The view from there is still great, the Colosseum is built to make sure every seat is a great seat, so even the cheapie tickets (like us) aren't a huge let down.
They show has so many fun costumes changes, set decor, even live horses!
She talks and does some great audience interaction in between sets, you feel like you are getting to know her, her life, family and the  rest of her crew.
Her voice is as beautiful live as it is on the radio or her CD's.
That is true talent and a test of a musician.
We were not let down!!
Talk about giving you chills!!!
I would love to go see her again, this show is exciting, fun and we planned our trip around this show!
I highly recommend, she is worth it and definitely, Still the One!

Love shania, but lucky for me got free tickets.
Prices are high but worth it to see the greatest country Singer ever.
Venue was awesome and she comes out in the crowd, definitely only for her fans casual people might find it slow

Ok, so the beginning is VERY slow, cheesy, and awkward.
It sets a bad tone.
I was like, "Uh oh, this is going to be rough.
"  From Shania coming in a horse-shaped motorcycle to her standing solo on stage in a body suit and then dancers badly dancing behind her, I thought TROUBLE.
But then it gets better.
The cowboy scene is cute, the leopard scene is fun and Shania goes out into the audience.
That was the best part because she lets the audience members sing and hugs them and signs stuff.
Really cool of her!
Then there's a camp fire scene which really drags down the pace.
Then she ends it with this beautiful rendition of Still the One and From This Moment.
The encore is a rocking Man, I Feel Like a Woman.
If only the whole show is as good as the last three songs.

I have now seen Shania twice and I have to say, I wasn't really a fan of her music before I saw her show, but I am now.
Her live show showcases a little bit of everything from her portfolio.
A majority of the songs she performs in the show are themed to match the music video for that particular song.
There are also quite a few times where she interacts with the audience and actually goes into the audience to interact and shake hands with her fans.
She really has that star quality and you can see why her fans are so loyal and drawn to her.
The show is broken up into themes.
Starting with of her hits, then transitions into more of her country music, a little a Capella which is beautiful and then ends with some more of her well-known hits.
A great all-around show and I highly recommend it to anyone even if country isn't normally your thing.

She is a beautiful person!
I did not really know her music but my husband loves her.
He took me to see hr as a surprise.
He show was fun and energetic.
She was a gracious and humble host.
She invited about 25 of her fans up on stage to sing with her.
She showed genuine love and appreciation for her fans and friends.
I believe she truly cares about people and does not take her success for granted.
I became a fan or hers during her performance.

I had been dying to see this show for such a long time!
She is one of my favorite country artists.
First off, I have to say she is the most beautiful person I have ever seen live.
You cannot take your eyes off of her.
I was a little worried that she would not be singing live, but she was in fact singing.
One of the few artists that can do that anymore without autotune, unlike another recent Las Vegas resident.
I loved her interaction with the crowd.
Many people got selfies with her.
I was so jealous, I wanted one!
It seemed like she worked very had to make this show different from all the others out there.
At one point there was a campfire smell pumped in when they were doing that set.
"You're still the one" & "From this moment on" were so beautiful, I think the man next to me shed a tear.
So glad I got to see her at least once!

I didn't know what to expect of the show before hand because I don't know Shania Twain's music.
I am not a fan of country but I had been told that the show was a wonderful production even if the music wasn't especially my type.
I sat in the first row of the rear orchestra near the sound booth, so I had a great seat.
The show started 8 minutes late--about standard for non-Cirque du Soleil shows so that was nothing to be upset about.
The first few numbers lulled me into thinking it was going to be a good show.
The Colosseum's LED screen was used well.
The songs also tended to sound more rock than country.
This was part I of the show.
Part II is where the show started going downhill for me.
Twain is very good getting out among the audience, pressing the flesh, getting hugs, and participating in selfies.
Yes, Virginia, they do allow cameras if she's there and you pull yours out for a shot with her.
She waded into the audience twice, and I suppose if you're a fan, this would be the sine qua non for the super Twainer.
In between the two forays into the audience, she did a campfire number on the stage with audience members--some pre-selected--but all from the special Twain lovers seating area in the first few rows.
She talked briefly with each of the audience members and then had them sit behind this faux campfire which had been burning during her talk with the folks on stage.
She sang two songs and asked the audience to join in with the second song.
This whole campfire bit was a big fail for me.
We then moved to the last part.
As she was changing, a forest appeared on the LED screen with a black horse.
A fire was burning in the forest and it seemed like the horse would be trapped, but he managed to make it out.
The fire is now out and it begins to snow and the horse changes from black to white.
Then Miss Twain rides out on a white horse.
It looked like the horse was standing on a padded area and had padded hoof coverings and she removed his sparkly lead.
She then sang her iconic, "You're Still the One.
"  Score for me--I know this song.
However, the horse loves this song too, and he soon showed very visibly how much he cared for Miss Twain.
The people in my area were snickering through much of the song and continued as she led the horse off stage at the end of the song.
The band came out and it almost sounded like they were going to end the show with a rousing rock number.
Nope!
She came back out and the show ended with two country numbers.
A couple of things that struck me about the show.
I love animals and while hiking today, I saw four wild horses in Red Rock Canyon.
The last thing an animal lover would think of would be having a horse in a fire.
I thought it was an awful premise and I wondered who thought it up.
I also wondered if Elton John left a Candle in the Wind on the stage and it set Miss Twain's forest on fire.
Second, one confetti drop is enough.
This show has three although one is supposed to be part of the snowstorm that changes the black horse white.
Third, the folksy bit wore thin quickly with me.
She may be a very folksy person but it seemed contrived.
Last, her voice is good, but not that good.
There were quite a few seats in the first and second mezzanines empty last night.
Is the market voting on her show?
This wouldn't be a show I'd see again unlike the other performers at the Colosseum.

First off I'm not a big fan as I got these tickets free.
I didn't recognize any songs until the final four.
But unless you are under the age of 20 or lived under a rock then you would recognize her top hits.
Having said that, Shania puts on a good show.
I liked all the string instrumentals and she is very generous with her fans.
For 3-4 songs she paraded around taking pictures and touching all her fans.
There are horses in the show....nuff said.

I scored last minute comp tix from another yelper, so I walked in with little to no expectations.
Not at all a country fan, but I have to admit that Shania puts on a great show.
If you're a fan, you HAVE to see this show, and it's definitely worth paying a little extra for orchestra seats along the aisle.
She wanders around the orchestra section during a couple songs hugging fans, and even posing for selfies with them - it's an awesome opportunity to meet her for a sec and you can tell that she truly loves her fans.
The first hour or so was pretty country - I'd never heard of any of the songs, and the backgrounds were extremely lame and looked cheap for a production in a huge venue like the colosseum.
I couldn't help but be reminded of cheesy 80's videos like the Cars You Might Think for some reason.
And I swear I had nightmares about the scary nodding leopards during (I think) That Don't Impress Me.
But I really loved the show from the campfire scene till the end.
From that point, it was less country and more her mainstream hits.
Amazing lighting, beautiful and classy - it was more of what I expected for a show at the Colosseum.
I'm glad it ended on a great note.
We were in the front of the top mezz, and the view was ok although she was pretty tiny from way up there.
I'd suggest at least getting seats from the first mezz so it's more of a straight view vs looking down.
But like I said, the orchestra seats are worth it if you're a true fan, and I think they're only $150 vs $100 for mezz.

I'm not a country music fan, but I really enjoyed the show.
We scored some free tix located on the highest level to the far right of the stage, but there really isn't a bad seat in the Colosseum.
If you're a fan, I recommend nabbing some lower level tickets, because Shania gives her fans on the ground floor rows lots of lovin.
She spent a lot of time singing and running around giving hugs, high 5's, and posing for pics with her adoring fans.
Even if you're not a country music fan, it's a fun date night with good production value.

I love Country music and I love Shania Twain.
I bought tickets for her opening night and actually had the pleasure of scoring tickets to her pre-opening night.
It was great.
She talked a lot more that day because we were the test audience for the show and she shared about her experience to get back out and perform again.
She did great all things considering.
FAST FORWARD:  Went again a few weeks ago because my fiancé mom was in town and we knew she would love it.
This time it was a far different experience.
Shania no longer had the first time jitters and she did a lot more audience participation...
While I am sure this is amazing for the folks sitting at the end seat that jump up and take selfies and such while she sings along to her songs but how BORING it was for the audience to watch all these random folks on the big screen take pictures and then we were subjected to watch these drunk young girls take a million duck face photos with her and one of the girls accidently punched Shania in the face while fist pumping... Shania FINALLY moved on when one of the girls actually jumped on her back like they were long time friends!
So after that song I thought she would get on stage....NOPE.. she continued to go through the audience AGAIN...
I couldn't even see her anymore... it looked so weird on the stage while she was in the back high fiving the audience...
So now this leads me to the middle-end of the show... she does a camp fire scene and pulls up a few more audience people to sit around with her while she sings... what does she do... she calls the out-of-control drunk girls up so we got to see them take more duck face selfies while she sang.
I think they could do a lot less of the audience participation and more singing and dancing.
I think if they got rid of the campfire-audience part people would be happier.
Now on the good note... she looks AMAZING and I loved all her songs!

Ok, I've been to blue man to the O, and I got to say this is one of the most interactive shows in vegas.. Pre game to Valentines for sure...
If u goto vegas as a couple and want a good show for both u and ur significant, this is where u want to be...
Tomorrow is Michele Jackson experience at Rio!!!
Yes, we are stuck in the eighties n we like it!!!!

Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #44 - #365  I couldn't believe I just watched Shania Twain live in concert, just never thought it would happen, especially after her long retirement.
My mom recently received two free Shania tickets and we couldn't just pass it up, so we booked it right away!
Growing up, I'd listen to Shania's songs but wasn't really a huge country music fan and over the years she'd release more songs and it got me closer to her music.
After watching her show, she is very humble and cares a lot about her fans, shaking their hands and taking selfies with their cell phones.
Keep in mind, the ushers remind you not to take pictures from your cell phones with the exception when Shania is walking around the audience.
The show started 15 minutes late and the opening featured a forest that reminded her about her roots, growing up from Ontario, Canada.
She'd talk about how she get her music career started at the age of 8, singing in bars and strip clubs and her parents couldn't afford to send her to a professional singing school.
So, that's where she got her practice, also from her mentors music such as Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, and others that inspired her to get her start into the country music scene.
During the various sets, each song is used to resemble the setting of the stage.
Like the cowboy scene, horse scene, and going back again to the woods part.
What I liked was when she picked random to go up to the stage and she would sing, "Come on Over" and another song.
She asked one of the audience members, "What is you favorite Shania Twain song?
" and they replied back, "Come on Over.
" Based on the previous reviews, it sounds like it was rehearsed and the song Come on Over was already chosen prior.
The scene in my opinion was a little corny but it brought out the humble side of her and not as a diva.
Her performance was overall, "OUTSTANDING!
" Even though I'm not a huge country fan, I still appreciate an artist who has a deep connection with her fans.

Came to this show on a whim and boy am I glad we did!
My husband and I both grew up listening to Shania's music but were wary of the kind of show this would be.
Let me tell you!
She did all the hits, danced, interacted with the audience, rode horses, rode a motorcycle, had great costumes, great set changes and sang her little butt off!!
Since we bought tickets at the last minute we were stuck in the nosebleed section but we will likely pay more to get better seats and see this show again!
Best show we saw on this trip and perhaps one of the best vegas shows we've ever seen!

Took my wife for her birthday and both of us loved the show!
My wife is a HUGE fan and I am now too!
Shania's such a talent and a wonderful show-woman...there was no dull moment.
My pick if you're looking for a great show in Vegas!

Great show!
Sounds just like she did on her albums.
She was precious, took lots of pictures with audience.
Asked about 10 on stage.
Entertaining through the entire show!!
Would do it again!

I grew up listening to Shania Twain but over time changed music tastes and started listening to other things.
But last night I was offered two free tickets in the 3rd row from the stage so obviously I wasn't going to pass that up.
Last night's show brought back memories.
I knew every song.
I had to pick up her hits CD again.
Great costumes, energy, fan participation, band, dancing, sets, etc.
with wonderful view and sound.
And what a thrill to have her come out in the audience and take photos with her fans.
I was not expecting that.
Her horses- beautiful; a snow storm, a campfire, and a confetti drop - wonderful experience.

On May 28, 2014 I spent 2 hours at the Shania Twain love fest.
I was looking for a  great concert from a legend.
However, at least 30 minutes of the show was Shania walking among the crowd or sitting on stage doing  Selfies with her thronging fans.
Shania, if you want to do that, please stand out front before or after the show!
For those of us beyond the front section, it really is a bore to watch such selfish behavior by those fans and you assisting them in ignoring the "do not take pictures or video record" messages.
As for the singing itself, Ms.
Twain was a bit impacted by the dry desert air or she was performing with half of her lung power (though a lot of amplifier).
During the first half of the show, if her sister was not providing backup for her, I am not sure if we would have heard much of a female vocal.
In that regard, the musicians really appeared to be over the top, providing much more country rock symphonic sounds than simply providing an accompaniment for a  talent that Ms Twain is supposed to be.
The show was diverse in presenting Ms Twain's catalog of songs and that in itself was enjoyable.
Some other unnecessary stuff included Ms.
Twain riding a motor cycle at the start of the show in the air with a video supplying background and the unrelated and unnecessary array of over the top graphics.
Another unnecessary distraction (for a country rock music show) was two rounds of her pet horses being used props as she rode them to introduce a song.
The first horse cameo provided background while a cast member twirled a rope and the second horse demonstrated dressage.
Actually the dressage horse had better dance coordination than Shania demonstrated last night.
Lastly, I thought it was great that all but two of the cast did a wonderful job supporting Ms.
Twain.
The two who were not helpful were the two male backup singers, whose twisting bodies, individualistic behaviors and often unnecessary grouping of our star, caused me to wonder how it was that  she continues to stick with such egotists.
Her dancers, musicians and sister were all really entertaining, gifted and contributed to the show  I am sure that Ms Twain has the capacity for contributing more to her show; if only the producer and director reduce the noise and distractions around her and let her natural voice  and a clear live video of her performance be put on display.

I love country music and know all of Shania's music.
This was horrible and I would have left, but I had dragged my non-country friend along and was hoping she wasn't just as bored.
Basically, I spent the time thinking I was at a karaoke bar and wanted the really bad Shania wannabee singers to sit down.
The show was awkward, the horse was not a show stopper (hey, look at me I have a live horse on stage, okay and ...), then the fake fire pit was cheesy as all get up.
It was really, really bad and I like country and my niece sang a Shania song at my wedding back in the day.

Saw her 15 years ago and still amazing!
If you sit up in the fist thirty rows near the isle there is a good chance you will be able to take a picture with her!

There are positives to this show.
We had great seats.
The sound level was appropriate.
The excitement of the audience was great.
Being in Caesar's Palace was fun.
Shania is beautiful but she sounded like an awkward karaoke singer.
Her long locks of fake hair were annoying.
After the second time that she walked into the audience to do selfies and ignore all of the other people at the concert - we walked out and went home.
We didn't think this show was Caesar's Palace quality.
I have been to Celine and Rod Stewart and they desire 5 stars.
But, Shania could use some work with a vocal instructor.
The loud instrumentals and all of the backup singers helped to cover her lackluster voice.
You would be much better off buying her cd and listening to it at home than going to this concert.
This is the worst vocal performance I have seen in Vegas and I have been to all of the major shows.

Not what I was expecting from Shania Twain.
The show was very cheesy and childish from the beginning.
I thought I was watching a third grade production.
Elementary school kids might have done a better job.
Granted I am not a Shania fan but I do listen to country music.
Her voice struggled throughout the show and the music and her background vocals definitely carried her.
I would not go again and I would not recommend.

Great way to spend evening in Vegas!
I went to the concert with a friend and we both enjoyed the show.
I haven't heard Shania music in many years so it was a treat to be able to see her perform live.
I thought she did a great job performing on stage and keeping audience engaged.
I didnt really enjoy the parts of the show when she is down in the orchestra hugging dozens of audience members and taking selfies with everyone.
It might be great for the people who get a selfie but it leaves the rest if us disengaged and bored.
This happened a few times during the show and lasted way too long in my opinion.
Thats the reason for the four star rating, otherwise I really enjoyed everything (including the white horse up on stage with her at the end of the show!

Have had a number of people ask me where the best place to sit is in order to have the chance to take a pic with Shania.
Ive uploaded a seating chart with pink lines to show where she goes and the green areas are the best place to sit.
She is singing when she does this and you need to have your phone or camera ready because A LOT of people will want their picture with her, who wouldnt!

How can this woman possibly be 50?
She was gorgeous and gracious.
If you look at my photos you will see how close she was to us.
She fearlessly circulated among us the entire night.
But we paid almost $200.00 per ticket to hear her and while she was amazing when she sang...AMAZING...she encouraged far too much audience participation.
I did not spend that kind of money to hear her fans slaughter her songs.
We all know the words...we're fans...we're at your show when we could be doing lots of fun stuff in Vegas.
How 'bout YOU sing?
I can't give you less than four stars, Shania, you're too fierce and your extensions are too gorgeous but consider making a few tweaks that would respect your audience a bit more.

She was great last night--beautiful with great energy .
The show was another matter.
Her going in the audience to take selfies and pulling people up on stage to sing by the fake campfire was awful!
Btw,what was the horse in fire video all about ?
We were ready to leave a few times but were glad we stayed.
The last three songs were well done!
Someone please help her with the staging.
Elton, Cher, Selene, please have your people help her!
This hot mess reflects on your shows as well!

