I was worried that the Purrfect Auto shop by me had closed down and was happy to find that they moved to this location instead.
Same management, just moved to this bigger location.
I went in for smog check and it went very smoothly.
I was in and out in about 20 mins.
There were other people there waiting for their cars, but I didn't have to wait for my smog check.
They were very efficient and also did a quick inspection of my vehicle for any maintenance issues.
I will be back for an $9.99 oil change later.

just got in from having my $10(!
) smog test done here ...  it's pretty clear to me that they run a $9.99 smog as a super-cheapie (if not loss leader) so they can check out your vehicle and find stuff wrong where they can actually make some real money.
i took the immaculately well-maintained continual car in (google it if you're curious) ... they IMMEDIATELY did the test (passed) and they did a very extensive once over.
"your car looks great!
the fluids are right.
the brakes are good.
it's in great shape.
"  which is completely right.
the staff was friendly, helpful and super-courteous ... even though i came stumbling in looking like i'd had a long friday night bender (which i had).

Purrfect Auto Repair 118 in Las Vegas, NV 89147 - is not qualified to do any major repairs - the only thing they should do is just simple oil change.
I had this establishment repair a power steering pressure line.
My car was not making any unusual noise before the repair was done.
After the repair - my car was making a loud noise like a motorcycle taking off - the manager advised me this was normal and all cars make this noise - he refused to refund my money for the botched repair job.

VERY TERRIBLE PLACE.
I went to BMW and they told me I had to filter or change my brake booster, so I went to this shop to filter it.
They diagnosed my BMW and said I had over $2,000 in problems.
I then called my tech and he laughed and said " because your a young man with a BMW, they're trying to take advantage".
When I went to take my car back, they tried to talk down on BMW saying they don't have experience.
WHAT A JOKE.
I go there to filter my brakes and they say I have 3 major parts that's broken.
DONT GO HERE

Worst place to take your car.
They wanted to replace my whole clutch for over $800 because my car wouldn't start.
I took my car to another car place and they said all it needed was a plastic plug behind the clutch for 96 bucks.
These idiots don't know what they're talking about and they just try to rip you off.
Wouldn't take my car here if it was the last auto repair shop on earth.

Ripoff.
I went for smog check; I knew my van wouldn't pass inspection because the engine light was on.
Let them run diagnostic for $50 to get an estimate for repair.
They said $1658 to replace a lower intake manifold, including $1047 just for the basic part plus another $157 for the related parts (gaskets).
This is not a typo.
I price-checked the part on autozone's website: $430 for a complete set.
This place does smog checks for $10 so that's fine, but do NOT have them do any repair work unless you feel like setting your money on fire.

I came in here for the ten dollar smog check and the cheap oil change, but I was really upset when they called me with a lie- saying I needed a lower ball joint!
My boyfriend works on cars and he is very familiar with this place.
He warned me that they would create something wrong with my car and they did.
Had I not known better I would have been out of almost $400.00!
There was a guy in there who got ripped off from them twice and he was pissed!!
He spent quite a bit- that the cashier claimed to have given him a 300.00 discount- how nice of them to discount work that he didn't need!
They also tried to sell me some inflated tires at over 600.00!
They have a lot of nerve!!!!
Be warned!!

Horrible service .
Went in for a smog & waited 1 hour .
A lady came in while I was waiting, knew someone that worked there, left within 10 mins after that with her smog done .
I then asked how much longer & still had to wait another 15 mins .
Very upset about the wait for a smog .

The bait is $10 oil change..after that you will be called for other problem (Sure thing it is their time to up sell cross sell...).
Be prepared to say no and look for a second opinion from other places.
I found O big tires even has better/more reliable service.
It is PURRFECT if you only stick to the $10 coupon.
No more.

Purrfect NIGHTMARE!
They are either blithering morons or criminals.
Took my car there for a leaky gasket... $1200 later my car is still leaking (shame on me)

I got a smog check here for a deal of $9.99, and didn't realize they could do my 90k service here.
$100 out the door.
Not too long of a service.
My car feels good and the customer service was superb.
The girl at the front desk was really outgoing and is super knowledgeable about cars.
The guy who told me about my 90k service was really nice about it too and didn't seem sketchy.
He gave me the opportunity to call my dad and ask if I should get it there or not.
Had a great deal and service from them that day, so they deserve 4 stars.
I'll update my review if anything happens or occurs with my car (knock on wood), but so far so good.

