Came here for the soft opening, they were offering a free entree and drink at different times during their three day soft opening before their actual Grand Opening.
We were there on a Tuesday night right before opening, got there after class so around 4:20, no one was really around, but by the time they opened at 5 there was a line leading to the parking lot.
And when we left the parking lot was full and still a long line out.
Everyone loves free food!
I had the Bun Bo Hue, it was pretty decent.
It wasn't really spicy at all.
It contained a lot of pork meat which was okay as well.
My mom would say the meat "smelled" as she is picky with meats it definitely smelled like eating a pig.
My friend and I ordered the same dish, the meat in his dish was smaller than mine, and since I don't really eat pork, I gave him mine, which was when he commented that mine was larger.
Second time I went was for lunch special, had the Pho Dac Biet, which was also pretty good.
It wasn't anything special that stood out.
Both times the portion size seemed smaller than it was at Pho So 1 or any other locations I've been at, but it might have been because of the promotion they were giving out.
So the sizes might have gotten bigger.
It was free food so it was worth trying, I'll probably go again to make final conclusions if I'd go again or not.
The thai tea everyone got came out pretty fast, but it wasn't strong.
All the foods came out pretty fast, but I'm sure they had it ready as there was a very long line and with certain specials being free, I didn't think anyone would really stray from the 'free' menu too much.

Here for the grand opening!
They are giving complimentary choice of Pho and pork chop, with a thai tea or soda.
Their pho broth is very "beefy" and full of flavor.
Probably the most flavor that i have tried, but some may feel like it is slightly overpowering.
The sides and etc are fresh and delicious...tender meats.
The pork chop was very very tender...pulled apart with fork.
Very good.
Yum!
Service was quick and friendly.
Setting is very nice...lots of nice granite and tasteful interior tid bits...blows away most pho spots decor wise.
Give it a shot!

Pho is a tad oily but decent nonetheless.
Considering that it's Jenni Pho and not some regular joe shmoe pho restaurant in Chinatown, I went in with soaring expectations.
It was a mediocre meal with decent service so it's not bad by any means, but I was slightly disappointed.
First off, there are still NO CREDIT/DEBIT CARD TRANSACTIONS.
I just don't like to carry cash and rarely have 'em on me.
Jenni Pho, why do you always make me take a trip to a Bank of America to take a withdrawal of $40 bucks after a meal?
Until these slowpokes update their system, take some cash with you.
Secondly, the service is not lightning-fast which many pho eaters may be accustomed to with other venues.
You have to ask for extra napkins because there's no dispenser on the table and they only give you two napkins for each person to start with.
The tables in the middle are terribly small and it's a joke that there's four chairs around them because it was crammed like a tuna can with three people.
The pho is pretty oily.
The one reason why I liked the Jenni Pho on Rainbow is because their broth is usually very clean and less oily.
The pho at this location just tasted very thick and saturated with unnecessary flavor.
Overall, it was a pretty mediocre meal.
I know they will get better with time because it's new.
I'm sure Jenni or whoever is in charge will straighten things out eventually.
HEY JENNI, UPDATE YOUR SYSTEMS TO ACCEPT DEBIT CARDS, OK?!!
Geez.

New pho place located in Chinatown, next to Sura KBBQ in the same area as the Macy's Home Department Store.
Well not really new, its a new branch of the one off of Ranbow and Robindale.
Opened really recently, there was a special for free food.
Of course who can say no to free?
I've tried the first location before and wasnt really impressed but was willing to try again.
I had tried the Pho Dac Biet there before.
Came here on a Tuesday Night, before it opened at 5.
Got "in line" with the few people who were waiting there too for opening.
By the time place opened, there was a snake that led into the parking lot.
The restaurant was designed almost 1/2 kitchen with open viewing (large windows) and the dining area.
Service was pretty good.
Fast and quick.
The special was allowed either Pho Dac Biet (Special combination beef noodle soup), Bun Bo Hue (their pork based noodle soup), or the Com Suon (broken rice plate with pork chop), as well as thai tea.
First time i came here, i got the Bun Bo Hue (because i had tried the Pho Dac Biet before at the other location), and my other friend got the Pho Dac Biet.
Thai tea came pretty fast, as well as the food.
Presentation wise, not bad.
Flavor, average.
I wouldnt say its the best but its not bad.
I had a party of 3, anotehr friend had gotten the same item as me.
The different sizes of the pork feet we had gotten was different.
Mine was considerably smaller compared to hers.
Luckily she didnt eat pork, so i got to eat it all.
It was tender and not hard to eat.
Flavor was decent.
Nothing too special.
Not really flavorful, but not bland either.
Couldn't really tell if it was legit broth or MSG.
Amount of food, given per portion, was a little smaller than i had been used to, at for example Pho So 1.
Next day, we had came here again for lunch.
Wait wasnt that bad.
Maybe 1/2 an hour considering peak lunch time and it was during this free food special.
This visit, i had gotten the Com Suon.
Came with two pork chops on top of the broken rice, slices of cucumber and tomato, with a side of the fish sauce.
The rice was plain.
Little if any flavoring at all.
Added some of the fish sauce to compensate.
The pork chops were pretty tender.
Flavored pretty good.
Bone in so be careful !
As i had said before, this was a special they were running for i guess the grand opening of the restaurant, for marketing purposes probably.
Portion size and item availability may be a bit different when its operating normally.
I hope their broken rice has more stuff, otehrwise, this is definitely not a place id go for that.
Some older gen viet people like this place more compared to other vietnamese restaurants.
For me, it was ok. Not the best, probably prefer Pho So 1 or Pho Saigon 8 more if i wanted Pho.
OH !
SIDE NOTE !
I am not sure if they implemented this at this new location but at the other location, it is CASH ONLY.
They may or already have implemented this so be careful, otehrwise you are going have to run to a bank or maybe use the ATM machine they may have on site.

I am not a Pho expert but I am steeping out of my pho box to learn more about it.
So I cannot give you an honest answer of which is the best in town, I will have to do more research ;)   A good hardy broth LOTS of flavor a little bit of grease on the top but I believe that is from the cooking process kind of like a slow cooked stew.
Lots of noodles and meat and gave you lots of veggies to fill up for bowl with.
BTW the bowls are huge I don't think anyone will be leaving hungry.
Again I am not an expert but I thought this was a great Pho soup  The decor is nice and the kitchen open to watch your food being cooked for you.
They do have the credit card machine in that day so it is no longer cash only.

There are a ton of great noodle places and....this place is an....
Awesome place.
Great food.
Ambiance- very cool clean and roomy.
5 star.
Bun Bo Hue -  I love this authentic Hue dish that is so tasty and spicy.
They even give you the cabbage instead of bean sprout which is traditional!
5 star!
All other noodles - plenty of meat and nice subtle broth.
5 star  Beef stew - nice asian taste and plenty of chunky bits.
5 star  Pot  stickers - so good we ordered 2 servings.
5 star.
Service - plenty of help, attention and courteous.
5 star  Check it out!

the atmosphere was great  and VERY clean unlike other restaurants.
food was good.
pho tasted cleaner and less greasy than other pho places.

Great place for Pho on the south west side.
Staff is always friendly and food is always on point.
They also do a buy one get one on their delicious pot stickers when you dine in.
Only down fall is they ONLY take cash.
There is a ATM machine inside but still inconvenient.
Not to big of a deal.
Still keeps me coming back

Jenni Jenni, I got your number.
I've been trying to try your Pho for a long time now but Sora is always right by you giving me that jealous look and I'm just trying to avoid some drama!
You have been seducing me for too long now and finally I couldn't resist and gave up to your temptation.
I had the seafood Pho, the broth was light and flavorful and it had plenty of seafood in it, I added the extra vegetables that came on the side and it added a crisp touch to the soup.
The bowl was big enough to make it a complete meal by the time I was done I was full and satisfied, all I needed was a nice cigar but had to settle with a Thai tea which it was also very good.
Jenni I will keep you on my list Pho emergencies, I'm so glad I found you.
I love that you are available for me very late at nite.
(10am - 6am) I can always stop and see you when I'm out drinking late with boys and after Sora had gone to sleep.
XOXO

I wanted to try this place out ever since I read Yelp's "New Business Openings in Las Vegas" section.
I already had lunch though at the restaurant next door, but I decided to just pop on in and order some Pho to go.
The staff here was very friendly and just real welcoming even though I wasn't sticking around to dine there.
Offered me a drink while I waited too.
From my vantage point sitting in the waiting area which is partitioned off, I can see the dining area is fairly large and spacious with marble tabletops and wicker chairs that either seats 4 or tables that seat 6.
The overhead lighting caught my eye, such fancy looking chandeliers.
It just sets the tone of a nicer dining experience here.
At the entrance you can see your Pho being prepared and cooked from their open exhibition style kitchen area.
My order didn't take long at all, was packed carefully and survived the 20 minute ride back home.
I ordered the Rau Cai Pho (Veggie Tofu Beef Noodle soup) .
The beef broth had a nice seasoned taste, rice noodles were real good.
Not mushy (cooked to order) , had chunks of broccoli, cauliflower and slices of carrots, the toppings, green onions, crunchy bean sprouts and the basil leaves were real fragrant.
Love the tofu that was fried golden brown and didn't get soggy when soaked in the broth.
Pho was perfect comfort food!
I was happy with it.
Serving was plenty for one and prices are pretty reasonable.
Prices range from $6 - $9.
From taking a quick glance at the menu I also saw they have a kids meal and "Create Your Own Bowl", appetizers, and some Chef's Specials you can choose from.
The Bun Rieu Oc (Crab noodle soup) crab meat, tofu & Escargot in Tomato soup w/Vermicelli sounds delicious!
They also have a section of different Boba and flavored teas and slush ice drinks.
The host who took my order said they're pretty popular and guests sometimes come in late night just to have that.
Most definitely will be back for more!
FYI - Bring Cash!!
There is a $20 minimum to use debit and credit cards!

I was excited to try Pho here since they opened after hearing about it and passing by after it opened, the Yelp reviews were promising as well!
I went with fellow Yelper Heather S. as we were in the mood for hot soup on that cold night!
The decor is nice, bright and clean and I like the open view kitchen so that you can see the cooks moving about while making every ones food.
I was in the mood for something with shrimp in it and for Pho there were only two options for seafood.
They had the seafood Pho which had, shrimp, scallops and imitation crab or Tom Pho which is what I ordered that only had shrimp.
The Pho noodles and the broth were good however my little shrimps had been cooked to death, overcooked then filled in a bowl with boiling hot water just killed it as those shrimps never had a chance to be good.
That is a pet peeve of mine, over cooked seafood is a deal breaker and will ruin a meal as shrimp should not be hard as a rock and chewy.
I do not suggest ordering the Tom Pho.
I did like the fresh spring rolls with the peanut dipping sauce and my lychee flavored iced tea was a winner.
If you do not see a combination that is listed you do have the option to create your own up to three meats.
There is no ATM in this restaurant, they refer you across the street of crazy busy spring mountain to a Wells Fargo bank ATM.
I have no idea why previous reviews state there is an ATM located inside of the restaurant when there is not.
Also no credit card transactions are accepted for less than 20.00 so it made it sort of complicated for us going dutch.

Today was my first time trying it, it wasn't too bad but I've had better.
The service wasn't good at all, he messed up one of our orders and not once did he check on my table.
Food was decent, service could of been better.
Maybe it was just an off day for them.
Overall decent place if your on the go and need a quick fix.

This place sucks.. Pho itself is ok not super.however, workers here sucks...
They messed up our order so one of us had to wait while rest of us were eating.
Also, food comes out so late here.
No fried rice until 5pm..
Wtf!!

My wife and I discovered pho about 4 years ago in Atlantic City.
Since then I/we have been eating it fairly regularly.
Am I a pho expert, absolutely not.
However I have eaten enough to know good vs bad.
Jenni pho has very good pho in my humble estimation.
Was in Vegas for my son's 21st birthday, and he had never experienced pho before and I figured he needed to pop his pho cherry.
Saw a billboard for jenni pho and decided to give this place a try.
Waiter and I figured the flank steak was a pretty safe bet for a first timer and I went with the seafood.
Also got the spring rolls as an appetizer.
Standard spring rolls, good, not the best or worst.
As for the pho, first of all, it comes out HOT, hotter than others I've tried.
Gentleman who works there explained that they heat the bowls just before they put the broth in, so that makes it extra hot.
(noticed other patrons eating it right away, but we opted to let it cool a bit)  The broth was above average to me, very flavorful, not bland by any stretch of the imagination.
The meat in my son's was very tasty, cooked just right.
My seafood had fish, shrimp, and squid.
The fish was awesome, shrimp was good, squid was not the best.
(note, my favorite seafood pho in Houston has scallops, so I measure against that).
What sets the pho from jenni apart from the rest is the amount and quality of noodles.
Many times I have pho and find myself wishing for more noodles.
Jenni's had the most noodles I have ever had in pho.
To me, that made it a heartier, more filling dish.
So filling in fact, that we couldn't finish our bowls.
Very good value and very tasty.
So why choose jenni pho over others?
Service!!!
Granted, we went very late at night, so they weren't really busy, but it was by far the BEST, friendliest service I have ever experienced in any place that serves pho.
Everyone there was super nice, helpful, and friendly.
End result, if you are looking for above average pho at a very good value with exceptional service, then Jenni pho deserves a shot.

Very flavorful food.
I had the rare beef pho, which had a tasty broth redolent with star anise.
Service needs improvement, though.
Our waiter seemed like he'd rather be anywhere but here.
Also, he did not bring out the table salad that goes with the pho.
We had to ask for it, and by the time it arrived, we were halfway done with the meal.
How hard is it to plate some bean sprouts, basil, jalapeño, and lime?
Will probably return, and hopefully service will improve.

SORRY JENNI, I REALLY WANNA SAY IT'S NOT YOU.
IT'S ME.
BUT IN THIS CASE, IT'S ALL YOU!
So here were the events leading up to this decision.
It was a cold thursday night.
I would say it was about 47 degrees with the wind blowing which made it even colder.
So a hot bowl of pho would sure hit the spot.
The wifey suggested our usual pho place.
I wanted to be adventurous and try this new place based on the 4 star average.
So off we went.
We come in and are greeted warmly.
We sit down to a really nice glass table with what looks like seashells.
I look around to see some nice chandeliers.
I must say the decor is very nice.
But just like any other relationship, once you get to know the person, you find out they are not who you thought they were.
So comes the unpleasantries.
First off, I think they had the thermostat set to 70 degrees.
BELOW ZERO.
At first I thought it was just me.
But after I looked around, I noticed everybody else in the restaurant had their jackets on.
First strike.
I order their namesake, which is your standard combination.
Came out at a decent time.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
If anything, it was a LITTLE MORE GREASY than I wanted.
Second strike.
So we finish our our soups and ask for the check.
We ordered two of the same soup at 7.99 a pop.
So the total was 17 and some change.
As I pull out my debit card, our server tells us that there is a 20 DOLLAR MINIMUM TO USE PLASTIC.
Say what?
You would think that they would at least have an ATM there but no.
Even if they did have one you would still have to pay a convenience fee to withdraw cash along with whatever your financial institution might charge you on top of that.
Third stirke.
So to make up the difference, we decided to get a milk tea with boba for 2.99 to push the total over 20.
We get our drink.
I take a sip.
THE BOBA WAS HARD.
For those that are not familiar with boba drinks, the boba is supposed to be soft and chewy.
That was the fourth strike.
Now if this was baseball, they would of struck out plus an extra strike, unless they were bowling, in which case you would have 6 more frames.
Originally I wanted to give them only 1 star, but the service and the decor were decent so I was gonna give them the benefit of the doubt meaning I am willing to give them another try at a future date.
I will update this review accordingly based off of that.
So Jenni, we just need some time apart.
This relationship looks like its not going anywhere except straight to this review.
Maybe next time I see you things will be much better.
Until then, I wish you luck.

I know a lot of people aren't big on Jenni Pho--either their original location on South Rainbow or this newer Spring Mountain location.
But honestly, it's absolutely and positively A-OK with me.
OK so that's not a ringing endorsement.
I'm just not that picky when it comes to pho.
I've only had it once where it was so bland that I didn't enjoy it (and even then it wasn't terrible).
Jenni Pho's isn't the best in town, but it's good enough.
And they do give a generous amount of meat, which I appreciate quite a bit.
So I'd probably give them an A-OK Yelp rating.
I'm adding an extra star for their delicious Jenni Pho Dessert drink.
We took advantage of the buy-two-get-one-free offer.
I had to fight the urge to not drink my second one until we got home.
It didn't last long after that.

I'm from OC.
Pho is bland.
Grilled pork salty.
Service sucks.
Not kids friendly.
Didn't provide sissor to cut up Pho.
Overall not good.

Their pho tastes okay.
I like ordering their kids meal since I can't finish their regular-sized bowls.
Sometimes their server would let me have it, sometimes they won't and their reason is that it's only for kids 12 and under.
Their service has always been friendly, then again it might be because my friend is friends with the owner.
I'm glad they opened one closer to the strip so when my friends and I are done having fun clubbing or drinking or whatever, we just drive down Spring Mtn and end up slurping on pho here at Jenni.
I've only ordered their Pho Tai but I think I might try their other items on my next visit, like their rice dishes.
I like their facility, it's really clean unlike other pho places I've been.
Jenni Pho might not be my first choice when I'm craving pho, but it's a good enough place.

The broth is weak and there's a funny taste in the meatballs.
The one on rainbow used to be one of my favorites.
The food quality and flavor have really slipped with the expansion.
Much better Pho one block either way.

Been wanting to try this place for awhile now, simply because I think the name is clever.
Jenni-pho = Jennifer.
Since my name is Jennifer, I thought I owed it to myself to eat pho here.
Their menu isn't extensive.
Good or bad, not sure, but I wanted more variety with Vietnamese food.
I don't even think there were any banh-mi's on the menu, but I could be wrong.
The service was good...two different people helping us which is always nice!
In any case, their pho bowls are HUGE.
plenty of food for a full meal dining in, and another for taking home.
I thought it was a huge plus for them that they have kids meals for pho, with steak or meatball.
Their spring rolls were good, and I wanted to take their peanut sauce in a jar.
I can't really comment on broth, because to me, it tastes the same everywhere.
Hoping to visit again here in the future to try other stuff!

Let's just say Jenni-Pho is the perfect place to get a bowl of Pho after a night of hard core partying on the Strip.
Their beef in their pho is fresh compared to other pho places in Vegas that I had came across before, and a order of Jenni's Cha Gio or Crab Rangoon totally completes the my Pho filling.
On the plus side service is amazing for an Asian spot!
Jenni-Pho definitely rates high on my pho list, and totally as good and authentic like places in OC or San Jose.
Jenni-Pho, you're definitely getting this Cali- Girl Pho Blessings :)

First time here.
Nice ambiance.
Good service.
Had the beef steak n flank pho.
Very good.
Could have used more sides for the soup.Also had the egg rolls which were tasty.
Thai Tea is excellent.
Would definitely come back.

I love Jenni Pho food.
I love the Bun Bo Hue, I love the pork chop rice, I love the pho.
I can't get enough of it.
My friends and I will always go to Jenni Pho for food on Rainbow when we are in Vegas.
Now that she has her new location on Spring Mountain, we don't need to drive all the way out there for food!
And now it can be our go-to place after our crazy nights on the strip!
I love how the kitchen is open and the place is always clean.
There is nothing sketchy about it.
And what the heck are people talking about the service?
I mean, have these people been to places like Pho Kim Long?
Yikes, terrible service!
I've always gotten really good service at Jenni Pho and the staff is always friendly.
Great food, great service, great location.
What is there not to love about this place?

I went on easter Sunday because most places were packed.
One of the worst places I've been to.
Their food was terrible and was just overwhelming.
And we asked what the waiter thought was good, but it wasnt wat we hoped for.

Great food and good service.
I have been to both locations, but i prefer Rainbow even though its a farther drive for me.
The quality has always been good and the food is better than any of the other dives like pho so 1.

After a high recommendation from a Vietnamese friend, I decided to try this place.
I have my standby places and always open to try new ones.
The place was nice - felt more pricier than a 6.99 or 7.99 entree place.
Service was a bit awkward a first, but never a strong suit I guess anywhere when it comes to PHO.
We never went thirsty and our water glasses were always promptly filled.
Broth was savory and not a shortage of meats.
I ordered their signature and a friend ordered off the grill portion.
The bowl was HUGE.
Although my bowl of Soup came our substantially earlier than my friends...always a pet peeve and makes it awkward amongst friends it was dang astute and enough to share.
All acceptable until the bill came....ours totaled $17 bucks and change.
"Hannah" came by and said that it was a 20.00 Min to use card....WHAT?!?!?
I asked where the sign was and she said " I am just doing my job" as she flicked her ponytail.
We scramble up $20.00 and left the balance of a 20.00 as a tip - sorry Waiter...Hannah was after all just doing her job.
I left and asked where the sign was...Hannah swung that ponytail once more which set the tone for the entire evening and pointed to the sign.
HAHAHAHAHAH it must be handwritten amongst other signage and in 12 point font!!!
I guess I should of read reviews further, apparently it's an issue for others.
I rarely carry cash and don't like to be pressured to ordered more to get my bill over 20.
Too many options out there, although the Pho was good, a side of Hannah's saucy attitude and no credit cards makes me not want to return.

Big, filling, warming bowls of pho...I liked it a lot, the tea was good also.
The waiter we had was so nice, he built me little plates of his favorite sauce combos.
Super clean dining area and bathroom.
I would go back , but I have to try other pho places to compare beforehand.

Food was ok. Not worth the wait.
Two of the people on my table got their food 20 mins before the rest of us did so while my brother and i waited for out food my mom and bf were basically done with their food.
In my opinion all of the food should come all at the same time, not at 20 minute intervals.
I won't be coming back.

There's a reason why this Pho place closes early compared to most places.
Simply put, like your dad or mom have probably have said about your exs, you could do so much better.
I went here with my fiancee just for a quick lunch.
I had the pho tai and she had bun cha.
(Bun cha is rice vermicelli with fried spring rolls usually accompanied by seasoned fish sauce in case you are wondering.
) Now going to Jenni Pho, Pho being the namesake of the restaurant, you think you would get something that is standard or above par.
Not so much.
Like opening a can of peanuts and getting snakes instead, I was quickly disappointed and surprised at how disappointing it was.
The broth was weak and I felt I could have done better with a packet of ramen.
The noodles were alright and the beef was eh.
My fiancee's dish didn't far any better.
Her vermicelli was cold.
Not cold as in it was hot in the window and probably got cold after waiting for a little bit.
No.
It was cold as in grabbing it from a lowboy cold.
The spring rolls were also mediocre at best.
Service was not bad and seemed apologetic for the most part.
The floors were a little messy and the restaurant having not been busy when we were there, I can only say probably due to laziness.
Competing against other established Pho institutions in Chinatown is rough but at least bring your full game.
Just felt like this place needs a lot of improvements in the kitchen work for this place to be at least somewhat approachable again.

Jenni PHOgREAL!?!
I used to be a daily PHO KIM LONG visitor but they started getting rid of stuff from their menu.
This was my first time at Jenni Pho Grill and I enjoyed it.
The prices are decent.
They have very friendly workers and excellent service.
I only tried their PHO and Thai Tea this time around but the very comfortable welcoming atmosphere is definitely the reason I'll come back!

Whoot Hoot!
My pho craving was totally satisfied once again by Jenni Pho after EDC.
Even though it was kind of hectic yesterday when I was there, but I still got my order in and out and her staff was once again friendly as always!

We had great service from the restaurant.
From: the Tyrone to the Hue!
Love u anh huy !
Your the best!

Not bad.
pho is really good, but i wouldn't order boba there again.
It's a nice change from pho kim long because they are not as crowded, which makes it a more enjoyable meal.

I didnt like the pho !!!!!!
The Eggrolls were small and tasted bad EWWW  the pho broth tasted like cheap pho broth from a can.
the meat was really tough thick and chewy  the noodles were weird too over cooked and yellow  waste of money one of the worst pho i have ever had and forsure the worst  eggrolls in las vegas I am giving it two stars just because the waited was nice  the cooks suck !!!!!

After reading some of the reviews, I thought this might be a good place to have some pho.
We ordered the special pho dac biet and bun bo hue along with a Vietnamese dessert.
Although the pho broth was decent, the raw beef that was on top was already cooked and there wasn't all that much noodle inside the big bowl.
The bun bo hue was better.
There were a lot of ingredients inside such as pigs blood and pork hock.
It was flavourful and the noodles cooked al dente.
Wasn't sure what was in the green dessert, but it was okay.
The taste was good, but couldn't quite get over the texture, it was too slimy for my liking.
Not sure why, they don't have che ba mau (3 colour dessert drink) in the menu.
The place was very clean and the service was quite good.
3 stars

we were on spring mountain road in the mood for pho and this was not a good choice at all.
i ordered the rare steak pho - the meat was overcooked and the soup was so bland.
i have had my fair share of good pho in the SGV, CA and the food here did not even come close.
needless to say i will not be visiting jenni again.

Open late and good food too.
Staff is very friendly and attentive.
I received a military discount on everything.
Bolba was good and their Pho is not bad as well.

Food was good, very popular place should have more workers for faster service.
We had to ask for our water twice because I think they either forgot or got too busy.
Our food came out before our water Lol.
Servers were busy but still friendly.

Pros:  Pho was good Rice dish was good  Cons: Service was ok.  A bit greasy.
Bake egg was salty

So I gave this place a two stars because the Pho was good and full of flavor, but the customer service is horribly unacceptable (with the exception of the hostess who was very attentive).
I'm pretty patient, but I literally had to wave down someone to get their attention so I could get a refill on my water.
This is expected when a restaurant is busy, but there was only 2 other parties dining (one being a two-top) and workers just gathered to talk stories.
After we ate, my friend wanted to order Boba to go.
We waited another 10 minutes before my friend decided she was going to have to wave someone down again.
She got someones attention, but instead of coming up to help us, he yelled across the room and said: "Can I get you anything else?
"  She went along with it and tried to order from a distance, but when he couldn't figure out what she was saying, he finally decided to approach us at the table.
I took this opportunity to order an Ice Coffee for my girlfriend, but without the ice.
She has a long day tomorrow and wanted the coffee for the next day (which is why I asked to hold the ice).
To my surprise, the cup arrived with it being  1/2 empty!
I've never seen that before!
(http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/gJWJ8YmQK2_oaUSmnbTYiA/l.jpg) Seriously...End of review.
I'm never coming to this place again.

NOTHING PHO HERE  The bilingual young wait staff is engaging and polite, a quantum leap better than the majority of Vietnamese restaurants anywhere especially here in LAS.
Glass enclosed kitchen is ultra clean, chandeliers, and the modern Vietnamese decor make for a comfortable and very relaxing venue for bountiful as well as excellent tasting bun bo hue and pork chop combo plate.
The clientele here seem to be bit more upscale... if that's important to you.
In the future when I crave for pho, Yu-go chauffeur's Yugo will definitely be heading towards Jenni Pho Grill..  BTW plenty of napkins and sincere service.
Apparently Jenni and her husband do read our reviews.
Good for them !

Food:  ok but too salty Environment : clean and open kitchen Service: servers are nice but we have to constantly ask for things.
We have 6 people and was given 3 napkins and 4 spoons.
Although we have 6 and service was just ok, we were charged 18% gratuity.
Not happy about this.
Conclusion:  so many pho restaurants nearby.
I definitely won't come back.

Starving and ready for some late night grub, we made our way here.
I didn't have any expectations, but knew I wasn't really in the mood for pho, so me and my fella shared a broken rice plate, some spring rolls and eggrolls.
Food came out quickly and service was very friendly.
Even though it took us a while to figure out what we wanted to order, they checked back on us regularly, but didn't rush us.
The eggrolls and spring rolls were solid, although after two weeks on a low carb diet every carb I tasted was amazingness.
The broken rice plate was ok. Meat was a little overcooked but nothing bad and had ok flavor.
Same with the shrimp and egg.
Overall, this meal was nothing mind-blowing but was solid and just what we needed when we were hungry and in a rush.

I travel to Vegas pretty frequently and always go to China Town for Pho.
I've been to several pho places but let me tell you..
I've had horrible experiences at all of the places except for Jenni Pho.
We were greeted and seated immediately and our server was very quick with everything.
Our pho had a lot of meat and the broth was good.
It definitely satisfied our pho cravings.
Because of the amazing service..
I would definitely come back when I'm back in town.

If I can give a zero star, I would.
So first of all, this restaurant charges 50cents extra for asking 'no ice' in their drinks.
Are you serious?!
That was a first strike.
Second: When we just finished eating, the lady at the counter rudely brought us our bill... Did they want to kick us out or something?
I looked around and saw that 80% of the tables/seats were empty.
So why the rush?
Third and last strike: when the cashier girl(who was also eating during her work) told us that there's a minimum of $20 for using the credit card.
Again, are you serious..
Most of the places are set to $10.. Why be greedy and add extra $10 into their minimum credit card charge amount?
To sum it up: Food was good, but I just could not tolerate the way they treat their customers.
I will NEVER return.

Was in Vegas this past weekend and some friends recommended JenniPHO in Chinatown...  First I want everyone to know that I've used Yelp many times before to find a good spot to eat in Vegas, and the last few times i was really let down...  For example:  Stay away from PHO KIN DO!!!!
They have good ratings but the food is horrible!!!
Now Back to Jenni-PHO, by far the cleanest and best service I've had in Las Vegas..
I'm from So Cal, so I'm a Pho connoisseur "at least I think so"... and this place was delicious!!!
Service was great and the Pho was super tasty.. it had a different aroma to it, not too sweet or salty... you just HAVE to try it... its BOMB!!!!
Don't need to order a large cause they only have one size, and it's a BIG bowl.
Vegetables were really fresh... don't think I've seen bean sprouts that fresh before...
I started with Spring Rolls and Egg Rolls....   Spring rolls were really crisp and fresh, good portion of meat and veggies... Peanut Sauce was tasty and original too... egg rolls were fresh and crispy too...
I had the Pho with Rare Steak and Tendon, again soup was hot and tasty...  meat was fresh and i DRANK ALL THE SOUP!!!!
"I don't do that often" =D  Finished it off with a JenniPHO Dessert... that was super good too... not sure what it was but it was Green and my GF was in love with it...
The Decor was really cool... you can see right into the kitchen and the place was spotless.. very hip and modern...
Wait staff was very attentive and I never had to ask for my water to be filled... Good Job guys...
I love's my water after I long night of DRINKING!!!!!
Overall, I think I've found my go to place in Vegas... Goodbye Pho Kim Long and all you others that MSG ME out every time I go... HELLO JENNI-PHO!!!!!!

love it!!
we were driving around looking for a reasonable priced place to eat and one of our friends found this place, so glad they did.
to be honest I dont remember what I ordered lol but I do remember I loved the food and the milk tea with boba was amazing and next time im in vegas im coming back!

Service was very poor, servers didn't know what they were doing.
Dropping everything, we have been sitting for half an hour and still our food has not come out yet.
Food is not all that great either.
Well not worth my time in Vegas.

My family was in town.
They want  to eat pho.
Everywhere was busy when we got there and we didn't want to wait.
So we figure to give Jennipho on spring Mt a try.
We heard stories, we're not sure but we went anyways because everyone was hungry.
When we got there, we got seated in less than 10 min.
We order mostly pho and a few rice plates (grilled pork).
We were surprised that their food was really tasty especially their pho.
It was different for other pho place.
My family was very happy.
Their open kitchen was impressing.
Their staffs are quite nice.

Came here December 28.
I understand it's busy due to the holidays and all, but i was pretty disappointed.
Waited about half an hour to be seated...8 of us, 4 young children...
Saw a group of about ten people walk in, walk to the back and seat themselves after one member gave the owner a nice hug.
Finally sat down... 30 seconds later, server wanted to take our orders... Told him we needed minute...
Waited forever for him to come back, ordered.
Poor prefer included three phos with no onion.
After waiting another 20 minutes one of our party asked where the heck was our food??!
A server asked, "no onions, right?
" "That's right.
Three with NO onions.
" 7 minutes later, half our phos come out.... the three non onions had to wait another 7 minutes... And it had plenty of onions on top and inside when it finally did decide to make an appearance.
Wow.
So no tip, but i give a few stars because the pho itself was pretty good, the server was friendly and possibly sincere enough and the owner offered to give a small discount after our complaint.
But, for sure NOT returning.... At least not during any holiday...
I could be more forgiving because we had to wait a long time (left the restaurant two hours later), but on top of the loooooong wait, they messed up our order after double checking it???!!!!
So can't give a great review!
Sorry Jenni!
PS.
What is up with the women's restroom??!
One door had no lock, the other one you had to lift the door to lock!!
Heard a lot of angry ladies....

This place.... where to begin.
First off, my lady and I saw this place and decided to stop there because our normal pho spot had a line out the door.
We were greeted to whom I'd assume was the owner of the establishment.
She was a very nice, slightly older woman.
My lady and I were seated right away by the nice lady.
About 10mins of waiting, this older gentleman comes to take our order.
My lady orders her food and hot green tea and water, but not before placing an order for potstickers.
He takes my pho order with water, but he can't seem to get away fast enough.
10 more mins of waiting a young waiter comes to the table with the potstickers but no water or tea.
My lady asked for a green tea smoothie since they forgot our beverages.
They came back to inform us they were out of the Matcha green tea smoothie, So my lady asks for the peach smoothie then.
5mins later they comeback and say they have no more peach smoothie.
So she asks if they have the mango smoothie and the waters we ordered at the start and I slide a diet coke order in there at this time.
The gentleman comes back with the smoothie and waters but not my my soda.. Innocent mistake.
I taste the potstickers and they are cooked but cold which makes me wonder how long they were out and if they were from an order that was sent back or changed.
Maybe that's why they got to the table so quick.
Our food gets to the table along with my diet coke.
I have the beefball pho which taste pretty good.
My lady has the beefball pho with added steak which also taste pretty good.
We are eating and talking, our drinks are empty for about 10mins and no waiter to be found.
Im looking around and notice the place isn't to packed.
So where is the service?!
About 20mins into the drink wait the nice lady who greeted us sat a couple tables away looks over and sees our drinks empty and tells one of the waiters to fill our drinks.
Damn, it takes the head cheese cracking the whip to get some water refill and order another drink.
Oh and they charge for everything even if you get water and say "no ice please.
" Yeah, they charge you for the "no ice.
"  The pho I'd rate it a 2 ...maybe..meaning it would do in a pinch, but the service  F-ing sucked.
Negitive rating if I could for service.
Will not return and do not/will not recommend.

This place is just absolutely awesome!
The turn up the night before at XS was unreal.
I was suffering from my a massive hang over and was in need of my elixir.
I stopped by this place before my journey back to Los Angeles.
Now the plaza if self is not that nice looking, but when you come in BAM.
You see most likely one of the nicest cleanest pho restaurants known to mankind.
They have an open kitchen and everything looks clean.
Sat down with the crew and ordered rare steak pho.
Service was prompt and courteous.
Food came out quick.
I liked how they have chili oil, I thought that was new.
It gave my pho an extra kick.
On the way out I gave Jenni some dabs after feeling like a million bucks!
Will come back when I'm back in sin city.

Good food and service..... As in 4 stars.
The extra star is for the name.
I LOVE IT!!

Came in January 1, 2014.
New Year and the place was pack.
Service is decent since there are few staff or waiter to cater the customer.
Food is excellent and their prices is about right.

One of the worst service i've had in a while.
3 of us sat on a table for lunch.
We placed our order pretty quick but waited forever to get water.
From my understanding, Pho is simply broth you pour into a bowl and add meat/veggies.
It took our table (of 3 guys) almost 30 minutes to get our order and the place was not at capacity.
After we finally got our food, I asked for some cilantro and other stuff on the side.
It never came and I wasn't surprised.
Furthermore, the table next to us had an accident and the baby sitting at their table spilled his food.
After the table paid and left, I heard the server (also our server) constantly complain about the party complaining about their service.
It wasn't hard to see that the service wasn't good and everyone had every right to complain.
The Pho was decent but not great and I was starving waiting for my food.
Probably better pho places around the area.

The food here is great!
It opens late at night, which makes the best late night meal.
The servers were nice and have a wide selection of Vietnamese food.

My rating is based on the food and the food alone.
You don't go to an Asian restaurant and expect service.
Not that the service was bad, it's just like any typical Vietnamese restaurant.
Anyway, it was just my bf and I.
He ordered the pho dac biet and I ordered the bun bo hue.
The pho, I would give it 2 stars.
The bun bo hue, in between 3.5-4 stars which got me rating the place 3 stars.
Service was ok but what really pissed me off was we ordered one coke, they brought out two and we told them we only ordered one but that server insisted that it's ok but still charged us?!
Ok, whatever.
I'm not going to argue over something that's $2.00.
All in all, I won't be back.
Plenty of Vietnamese restaurants to choose from down this Chinatown strip and definitely better pho (pho Saigon 8)

This place has a very generous serving.
The broth was delicious (I got the pho ga).
Service was quick, and the environment was very relaxing.

24 hour Vietnamese sounded so good.
I really wanted to like Jenni Pho, but sadly the food was just terrible.
I tried a chicken vermicelli bowl and  pork/shimp broken rice plate.
My friend got pho with beef.
Aside from the spring roll appetizer which was ok, everything else was so bad it was almost inedible.
The chicken on top of my vermicelli bowl tasted like it had spoiled.
I took one bite and had to spit it out.
On to the broken rice plate.
This dish wasn't scary bad like the chicken vermicelli, but it wasn't good either.
The pork was not trimmed, large pieces of fat hanging off it.
Flavors were bland, boring.
I didn't try the pho but my friend said it was way too salty and had so much grease in the broth that she couldn't eat it.
We sent back all three dishes (something I almost never do) and kindly told our waiter what we didn't like about them, including that the chicken tasted like it had spoiled.
We were quickly served our bill without any adjustments.
I understand mistakes can happen, everyone deserves a second chance.
When it's brought to a restaurants attention that they may be serving spoiled meat and they do nothing about it... well I'm sorry but I'll definitely not be eating there again.

Wow... came her on a saturday night 8 tables, 2 waiters, poor service.
I decided to bring the family here to try something new.
We live walking distance to the one on Rainbow and warm springs.
This location lacked the service and hospitality I get from the rainbow location.
First of all our waitress didn't write our orders down.
So, when our orders came the combination/make your own pho was not what we ordered.
Wouldve said something to the waitress but we never saw her again.
Nobody checked up on us, nobody refilled our drinks, but when we were done they were sure quick to take our payment for their below par service.
Sticking to the rainbow location from now on.
Oh and btw jenni pho and jenni pho grill are no different.
The menus are identical.

JenniPho you're always my cure to hangovers in Vegas, and once again you saved my life after a night of wild fun at XS ringing in the New Year.
Jenni-Pho always and forever the place to get your hangover cure fixings!

We were seated really fast.
But after that it took ten minutes for our Waiter to ask for our drinks and order.
Another ten minutes to get our waters.
Our food was made fast but not the best I have had.
We got our food first then when we were about done eating is when we got our drinks.
Then we were done eating for about 20 minutes before we got our check!!!!
Overall We felt unimportant and more of a bother

I always order the exact same items whenever I eat here.
They're usually on point on things and I must say, this place to my opinion?
Has the best phö in town hands down!!
Some place should take notes on how to do,  make phö!
From the broth itself.
It's just so earthy and savory... this place is by far my favorite place to get a late night grub for phö?
Or just to hang with fellow chefs in town...

Service sucks here.
Our waiter seemed aggressively rude.
Food was okay, pretty much the typical average Vietnamese restaurant.
I'd honestly just stick to Kim Long if I need my Vietnamese fix when in Vegas.

Extremely SATISFIED!!!
It has become one of my favorite PHO places to come eat!!!!
:D  I recommend the shrimp PHO soup it's amazing!!!
The Thai tea isn't the best I've  tasted I don't recommend it at all!!
Other then that everything I've taste is so GOOD!!

My very first time having Bun Rieu in vegas!
Wont be my last either, its so colorful and vivid and tastes great.
The main thing was that it has a very traditional taste.
I love Jenni phos food presentation.
The service was very fast and friendly I felt very welcome.

This place has THE BEST BUN RIEU in Vegas, Henderson and North Las Vegas.
I have tried Bun Rieu at Pho Kim Long, Pho Little Saigon, Pho So 8, Pho So 1, and Pho Mai Lan and all were nothing but dissapointing.
It also has the most refreshing Durian smoothie ever.
They use real durian and condense milk, not powder and sugar.
Jenni Pho Grill has nice decor and clear glass wall kitchen so you could see kitchen staff in action.
Travis - our waiter was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.
Unlike other Vietnamese and Asian restaurants in Vegas, Jenni's restroom is clean.
We will definitely go back to try other dishes on the menu.

I honestly don't know where to start.
I'm just happy I didn't see this on the dirty dining report.
Why is the rainbow location so much better?!
Well here's why:   The broth was brown, never in my life have I seen such dark pho broth.
I asked our server and he said reason for that is "beef broth".
My boyfriend is 100% Vietnamese and he's the reason I have a love for Vietnamese food.
We travel to Orange County every week and you best believe I don't leave until I get my $3/bowl of pho!
Another thing is the cost!!!
$9 for a bowl is ridiculous.
I told my friends in Orange County of the ridiculous cost for pho, all of their families are now in debate on opening a pho restaurant.
$9 for pho=gold mine!!!
I would prefer to go to the location on rainbow.
The service is faster in my opinion because it's a smaller location.
All in all this is the best hangover solution.
Enjoy your meal!

Called to order spring rolls to go and the butt head on the phone said that they were too busy to help.
You have forever lost my money Jenni Pho.

About 10 days ago I gave Jenni a try.
- I had the Pho Special, it was ok.  For what I got it seemed pricey compared to Pho at other Vegas places.
- I will give them props for having a nice decor/restaurant and cool, open-view kitchen that makes it easy to see the cooks in action.
Service was also excellent.
- I value food over ambiance so I'll probably stick with my tried-&-true Viet eateries or give other places a shot.

i dont eat pho very often but when i do its always pho so 1.
This time i was convinced that i should check out jenni pho so i did and wasnt impressed.
Just the typical pho i can get from a hundred different pho places around town.
Pho choices are limited, they dont have the beef cartilage i normally enjoy with pho.
I did like the uneven cut of the noodles letting the eater know that theyre hand made...nice.
the broth was just ok for me.
Next time ill try something from the grilled menu.
The restaurant itself was nice and the service was friendly.
I especially like the open kitchen

I never have any complaints about this location whenever I come by.
This is a recommended place to get pho if you're in the area.
I hardly ever deviate from getting pho when I go to a pho place, but the few times I have had rice dishes here, I haven't been disappointed.
I personally am a fan of broken rice because I like the small grains, I find them easier to chew and more enjoyable.
The pork and chicken are cooked fairly well with a good amount of flavor in each bite.
The pho itself is nothing too out of the ordinary.
The noodles are good, the meat is good, the broth is good, what more do you want?
The restaurant itself feels very clean and orderly.
Like at Pho So 1, the food there is good as well, but everything always feels so disorderly and it just feels like it could be a bit cleaner, Jenni Pho doesn't have that problem.
I'm not loyal to any pho place in Las Vegas, but Jenni Pho is definitely added to the pool of pho places in the city.

First off ive given this restaurant 3 chances...the reason why we go there it's because they do have boba as well so it makes it easier to kill two birds with one stone.
But you guys need work I'm the type that enjoys pho at least one or twice a week and it's lacking...what type of Vietnamese restaurant doesn't have spring rolls?
Annie Pho all day people get it right and save a couple bucks because it's pricey for pho anyone that tells you this place is the best doesn't know pho..

No service.
Slow service.
Bad customer service.
We ordered a beef stew pho.
Broth had no taste.
The beed had no taste or the vegetable.
We complained to the server his respond is: that's the beef stew we serve I don't know what you want me to do.
I asked to exchange something else.
His response: we don't do that.
We left no tip.
Horrible experience!

Soak toilet paper noodles and the broccoli in the vegetarian pho felt like they were cut using a dog :)  enough said ...
The server was a really cool dude late at night ...

This place have good foods and drinks.
Also, the place look nice and clean.
Their pho is good and so is their bun bo hue.
They have a special promotion in the drinks now that if you buy 2 get one 1 free.
The mike tea and thai tea are good.
We went here at least one time when we in Vegas.

Good service, a little slow but they take care of you.
Pho before going home, so you won't get hang over.
Lol good price for good pho.
Will actually recommend to everyone to try though...

This is our go-to place to eat.
I typically get the Vegan Tofu Pho.
I always bring half of it home with me.
In the heart of Vegas China Town, it's worth the drive or any other location.

P1 Dac Biet is pretty good.
Skip the boba milk teas because they are very bland, but other than that this place is decent.

Generally, if you're going to put a specific food in your restaurant name, I expect that dish to be your specialty.
Sadly, at Jenni Pho, I found that the pho wasn't particularly impressive.
Ordered the custom bowl with tripe, flank, and meatballs, and though the portion was large and noodles were plentiful, the broth itself was lackluster- not packed with flavor and earthiness as expected, given the process and ingredients it takes to make.
Much doctoring was needed with the herbs and sauces at the table to make it palatable, and even then it was underwhelming.
But the vermicelli pork bowl knocked it out of the park.
Loved the plentiful portion of pork, with just the right bit of char to add flavor, tons of noodles and fresh herbs and vegetables.
It was essentially a noodle salad, dressed with fish sauce, and deliciously so.
Would come back for this dish.
Service, as I've come to expect at pho joints, was nearly nonexistent.
Placed our order, got our food, and never saw the guy again.
That being said, they seem to be well-staffed and had several guys working in the open-plan kitchen: loved being able to watch what was going on, and appreciated that the kitchen (and windows peering into it) were so very clean!

This should be NO stars!!!
We ordered our food and begin eating.
My friend went to the bathroom and when he came back, he said the cook was doing #2, flushes the toilet, walks out without washing his hands.
Be aware!!!
Disgusted about the situation, we ask for the check.
The waiter notices we hardly ate and asks if everything was okay.
We explained the situation and he just Oh Sorry.
We also found a piece of plastic in our soup.
What a waste of time.
The messed up part is that we paid for the lunch.
Never again.
You have been warned!!

Food: My local friends love this place and we came here to eat after running a local half marathon.
I ordered the pho dac biet and some Spring rolls.
As for the pho, I've had better.
But it was decent.
The broth was kind of lukewarm.
I prefer my pho piping hot.
They use pretty big bowls here.
Even though the price of lime has recently skyrocketed, they still gave us plenty of lime wedges.
The Spring rolls were pretty good.
They sure used a lot of lettuce.
Service: Service was good.
They kept checking to see if we had water.
Location: Parking was easy and plentiful.
It's nice to eat at a restaurant away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.

Took family from out of town here since it was new.
We are Vietnamese, so we are a little critical when it comes to our pho.
The broth is the most important part and it taste like its straight from the can.
The waiter was good and service was fine.
No soy bean milk??
Better off waiting in line at pho kim long.

Jenni Pho Grill is a Pho-nominal place to grab a delicious meal!
If you are in the Las Vegas Area, you need to give this place a try.
I recommend their #1 named after the restaurant.
Excellent food, tons of parking and great service make this place the spot to go to when in town.

Came here once and wasn't too sure if I wanted to return.
Food was okay, just had better.
I had the bun riue and it had real crab but it was missing something.
I added more fish sauce but it didn't have the taste I was used too.
We had the spring rolls wasn't all.that great.

The house tea is great and only $0.50!
We really enjoyed this place.
We shared the Jenni Pho Special and had the spring rolls as an appetizer.
They are open late.

This was the most horrible experience.
I am an avid restaurant goer and haven't had a BAD experience in a very long time, until now.
We finished our meal.
Waiter never checked on us mid way.
At the end, I had to go up to the desk and ask for the check.
Took us 1 hr to cash out.
No Rhyme or reason - we were not a bothersome table.
My family of four ate, didn't ask for anything.
We told the waiter at the beginning of our order that we needed Spring Rolls at the end.
We finished our meal for a good 15 minutes before I had to walk up there myself.
Why did it take us 1 hour to cash out?
Because they suck at telling us our additional to go order of an appetizer was too hard to fulfill because they are out of spring rolls.
That's just dumb.
One hour to cash out.
Very poor service.
The food was good.
Average good food.
But I will never come back to Jenni Pho again.
I don't care how "creative" that name sounds.

We're from SoCal & after "enduring" over 5 hours of PBN the night before a hot bowl of pho was the first thing on our mind.
Jenni Pho was absolutely the right place & thank you!
We spotted the nice billboard on W. Spring Mtn Rd.
while driving west & looking for a pho place then there it was a perfect location off on the right hand side.
We got there before noon & had to wait a little bit for the foods due to some system glitches.
Beside all the delicious pho's we had the shrimp egg rolls that were perfectly fried & crispy with big fresh shrimps.
Oh remember the system glitches that occurred while we were there?
It caused some frustrations among the patrons but Jenni magically showed up out of no where and immediately & skillfully took over the situation.
She even offered us a signed business card for future discounts.
Jenni, an owner excellent and of true commitment to quality in both the foods and services.
It's also a classy & clean place & we loved the open kitchen.
A must place to visit when in Las Vegas!

I do believe this place deserves the 3 star rating.
It is an A-OK place to come and eat when you are like really hungry.
The pho was mediocre...the customer service needs some work big time.
I saw one of the cooks scratch his head and then continue making some pot stickers...nice work...they need to practice food safety a little more.

I really should finish my food because I am starving.
...but everything just taste so old.
Not sure how they're defrosting their food but don't order stripe with your pho.
I'm afraid if I continue eating might be spending the rest of my day in the restroom.
.......  On the brighter note...nice tables and chairs!
Very clean too.
Pretty good service and the air conditioning feels good.
That's still not enough for me to come back though.

Quick service.
A good set of spring rolls with peanut sauce, and a Jenni Pho.
Exactly what I was looking for, but didn't blow me away.
Would come back!

4 stars for service and cleanliness!
Every time I come here, I get phenomenal service.
I think it's because we always come late nights (like after midnight-4am).
Their store is always clean and they probably have one of the cleanest and good smelling bathrooms.
Bathrooms are important to me, lol.
It's always a good place to go when you're hungry and craving pho.
Their night server (Calvin) is so friendly and one of the nicest waiters I've ever experienced in town.
This review is especially for you, bro!
He has been our server for the past like...five times we've gone there.
And he's always serving with a smile.
We're always seated fast and orders are taken quickly.
The food comes out in a good amount of time.
And the A/C is blasting so it's cold up in there.
Perfect for a pho shop!
I love the broth and noodles.
The rare steak is good too.
Oh and they have a dumpling special, two for one pot stickers.
Awesomeeeeee.
I've had their strawberry smoothie which is thick and their boba is tasty!
Not hard or bland.
Definitely a place we will always keep coming to when we get hungry at night.

Went here in a recommendation,  portions and service were great, pho soup base a little sweet.

Very very cool place for Pho and rice  food open till 6 AM great atmosphere great service

I love pho!
Again, I LOVE PHO!
With that said, this place is clean, classy and service is good.
But I LOVE PHO!
It's a shame too.
Ordered  Beef Flank and steak pho bowl with tendon.
First off , the base is the heart of pho soup.
This my friends was more of a beef soup with ginger flavoring.
Need I have to say Tinola to all my Filipino peeps?
I believe I ordered rare steak also.
Why is it thoroughly cooked?
I hate adding chili oil, or any condiments for that sake, but it was the only way I can finish my soup.
Oh how I wish I hadn't cheated on my Pho Saigon 8.
Down to the point, if the food tasted as good as thier presentation, then yes, A ok G.I.
2 stars for cleanliness and the classy look, but I'm hungry chef, I want to leave full not sit pretty, or handsome in my case haha... Maybe I'll come back and try their plate dishes, but for now, I'll have to settle for disappointed.

