I had been going to this groomer for about three years.
Two years ago we took our newest pomeranian (female) to be groomed and up until about two months ago all visits were fine.
These last two visits my poor pomeranian has come home extremely irritated in the potty area.
We also have a male and he has never experienced this problem.
The first time I thought maybe her anal glands needed to be expressed.
Took her to Petsmart and they said everything was fine.
This last time was even worse.
She would not even walk.
She just wanted to sit on something soft and then would wiggle around on the pillow or jump quickly as if she was hurting.
Come to find out after checking her over, she had a small cut in the potty area where they were apparently trying to shave her.
They NEVER told me they had a problem cleaning this area, EVER.
They NEVER told me they had a problem with her that particular day either, with her not cooperating.
They NEVER told me they had injured my poor little girl!!
Needless to say, that is the last time I will be taking my babies to be groomed there.
It woudl have been nice to know if there was a problem and if there was a problem, then don't pursue cleaning that area.
Let me know there was a problem and it could not be done!

Great friendly service.
Cage free.
Cats welcome.
No frills and cash only keep the costs down which is passed on to the customer.
$35 for shampoo, ear cleaning, cut and nails.
Great deal.
I will go there again

The groomer's here are the greatest dog lovers.
I wouldn't take my Maggie to anyone else!
I know when I drop her off she won't be put in a cage to sit and wait.
She is free to roam in the doggie waiting area, which is a great alternative to a cage.
She is always groomed quickly and looks beautiful.
2 paws up!

I am a veterinary technician and I have taken my two full-sized Australian shepherds and my mother-in-law's Shih-tzu to Bargain Barks with great results.
Pam and Alison are animal lovers and very good at what they do.
I highly recommend Bargain Barks.

Awesome care for all my pets.
Alison takes great care for my rescue, Roxie, and her extreme case of water-phobia.

Took my two miniature schnauzers here and I have nothing but good thing to say!
My dogs get a full shave (no schnauzer cut) but do get keep their beards and eyebrows.
After a simple explanation, I felt in good hands.
And when I came to pick them up, their trim was exactly what I wanted.
The ladies here do a great job and I can't wait until my dogs next trim!

