A spa designed for men?
Well, guys work and play outside and our skin takes a beating from the elements and the stress of daily life, which is why Stacey Grondahl has created a environment where men can go to relax and get rejuvenated.
Treatments include facials, massages, skin peels, and waxing.
Stacey is one of those rare women who love and understand men and you'll enjoy both your conversation and the music which includes favorites like Sinatra, Johnny Cash, and Elvis.
In fact the entire spa is designed to make men comfortable and its a place where you'll not only feel comfortable getting a treatment, but you may want to just hang out and shoot the breeze.
As for the services, they are amazing and when you walk out you'll look better, feel more relaxed, and be ready to go back to being one of the Masters of the Universe.
In fact, the only worry you'll have will be finding an open date on your calendar for your next visit.

I found Stacey on Yelp and was really excited to learn about her design and vision for her new spa.
She took the frou-frou out of the spa experience.
I was already excited to hear about the concept from her passionate explanation via phone, but even more so when I walked in.
She set this place UP.
From the decor, to the colors, smells...and the PATIO.
We went and got a facial with her, and while one was being treated the other sat out on the patio and kicked back and listened to Motown.
I want to copy this feel for my apartment patio.
But, this is all only supportive detail to what's important here - your skin's care.
Stacey knows her stuff and will find what works for you - something I am always leery about when I go to a specialist who carries a skin care line.
I recommend "What a Prick", and if things get too heavy in there and you start to tingle - ask her to put her balls on your face.
I know, I know...just trust me.

Duuuude!
This place is amazing.
Johnny Cash and Sinatra in the background, total relaxing experience whether getting a skin treatment, massage, and now they have a reflexology specialist.
When your waiting or done, you can chill on the back patio and relax and escape a little longer in the heart of Scottsdale.
It is for sure a must-do experience, especially if your girlfriend or wife has been ragging on you lately... go let Stacey treat you well ;)

I just experienced what every man should.
One word- perfection.
Ok, now more words...
So I was in the mood for a treat myself time, and started searching.
I don't know how, I don't know why, but here is where I landed.
The website- edgy and cool, and who says "text us" for questions?
I freaking visionary, that's who.
I drive down the 30 miles south, walk up the stairs hand hits the door and Bam!
I'm home.
Johnny Cash on the wall, and in the air?
What spa, gets us?
Stacey's does.
This is not your mothers spa.
She's cool- real and the comfortable feeling is genuine.
I have been hundreds of places to have a little work done, if it was like today- just pure pleasure on a whim, or the Spa at the Grand  Wailea, I have NEVER felt more comfortable or cared for.
Got the What a Prick (perfectly named for me) and a wax.
I cannot give enough accolades, I feel like a million bucks, truly a cool experience.
You have to go, and go now!

Update-  maybe I was too glowing in my review, but yelp blocked it.
Sure hope they reconsider.
I compliment only when truly deserved, and Stace rocks it.
A must go to place for guy needs.

The ONLY place a guy needs to know about when it comes to skincare, massages and manscapping!
Stacy is the bomb and her studio is so comfortable and relaxing.
Seriously,  you will want to stay a little longer.
I was like a kid just off a  roller-coaster "Can we do that again?
"  Do yourself and your buds a favor and get over there and get yourself one heck of a 'Head Job' !!

After the recommendation of my girlfriend I decided to get a facial...something I have never had the pleasure of doing until today, and trust me, I was quite apprehensive about the experience up until about 3 minutes after I walked into the studio and Stacey made me feel like I was at home.
She definitely went above and beyond when it came to my treatment.
Amazing experience, value, products, knowledge, the works.

