These guys were so friendly and they did such a good job.
I called and they made an appointment for me right away.
The guy who came really took the time to find out about my floor needs to ensure he would get all the areas that needed the most attention.
The carpet looks like new and they where able to do our large windows that where still covered with dust from the last storm, what a bonus.
I will be using them again for sure.
Oh yah and their prices where very good too.
Professional top notch service at a very affordable price.
Thank you Clean Genie for making my house look great.

We used these guys last week and were absolutely thrilled with the work we got out of it.
My husband works outside a lot and never takes his shoes off when he comes in.
We also have three cats, one of which is in kidney failure and is having trouble with using the litter box every time.
Our carpets were definitely due for our semi-annual carpet cleaning.
This is the first time we have used these guys and will never go anywhere else again.
They were friendly, professional, and took their time to produce  a quality clean.
The price was about 25% cheaper than what we usually pay, and the guy that did our house took about 2 hours more than anyone in the past ever has.
We have 3 large living rooms and 4 bedrooms.
They really spot cleaned areas where my husband tracks through, and even went over a room twice to provide a quality clean.
They definitely give the impression that they are more concerned with quality than quantity which was refreshing.. Not only did they clean, but they helped suggest better alternatives to home carpet cleaning supplies for messes and spot cleaning in between professional cleans.

I couldn't have asked for a better experience!
My couch was thoroughly cleaned, sanitized, and deodorized.
I could not be happier with the professionalism and awesome results.
Clean Genie did an excellent job shampooing my couch and I would highly recommend them to anyone!

We had our tile cleaned by Clean Genie and they did an amazing job.
Cory was awesome and was thorough and efficient.
It was all done in a timely manner and my tiles look amazing.
I would totally recommend this company to all my friends and family.

I used Clean Genie for my semi annual carpet cleaning.
I've used Chem Dry, Stanley Steemer and some private parties as well.
Clean Genie did a better job than everyone!
They are friendly, helpful and do a fantastic job.
Price was excellent value!
I will use them again for sure and recommend them to my friends.

Been to  my house twice....once for carpet cleaning and another for cleaning tile grout and upholstery.
Absolutely the best service I've used in 35 years, including Zero-Rez.
Can't say enough....awesome job!

Awesome service!
I was nervous to have someone come to my home and clean my carpet, however, my nerves were put at ease within 5 minutes of him being here.
I have two toddler boys who are very active and well my carpet shows it :) The gentleman that was very professional, he took pride in his work and paid attention to detail.
He did his walk through and explained what he will do and how long it will take etc.
I was very satisfied with his customer service and the outcome.
My carpet (stairs, 4 rooms) look good as new!
I am very pleased with his work and would definitely recommend Clean Genie to everyone I know!
PS - Not to mentioned great price= great value!
Thank you Clean Genie!!!

Amazing!
We are getting ready to sell our house and we have long neglected our kids' bedroom carpeting.
For years.
It was full of stains.
The rest of our house has wood flooring, so we've just turned a blind eye to the carpeting in the kids rooms.
So before we get pictures taken of our house it dawns on me that the carpeting will look a mess.
I call Cory in a panic, needing my carpets cleaned next day.
Cory fit me in before his first scheduled job and was at my house on time and was very professional.
I wasn't expecting too much from my long-neglected carpeting but he did an AMAZING job.
Also, even though he did have to pre-treat the carpeting (did I mention their condition?!
), there was no "chemical" smell as I've experienced with some other carpet cleaners in the past.
The carpets look 150% better, and I got a great price for the value he gave me.
I highly recommend Cory & Clean Genie!

Corey cleaned our carpets, tile and windows today.
Very friendly and reliable.
Always answered my calls and emails right away.
Showed up on time and finished when he said he would.
Thumbs up.

I found Clean Genie on Yelp, contacted Cory on Fri afternoon and he was able to squeeze me in Sat before Easter, quoted $132 for all the carpet in my house:  large family room and 3 BRs w 2 walk-in closets.
Maybe I could find cheaper but no time...
I am so glad I did not.
WOW, I am seriously impressed with his Hot Water Extraction (HWE) equipment, especially the rotary extractor!
Never seen or heard of it , soooo much better than ChemDry or the steamwand.
My carpet looks like new, it dried quickly and the longer nap is standing at attention and saluting!.
Cory was professional and motivated and took pride in his service and equipment, and wanted my satisfaction...rare in carpet cleaners.
He even helped me move 6 night stands.
I'll happily pay a few bucks more for stellar vs a $99 soggy sort of clean that takes days to dry.
I can't believe how thrilled I am over carpet cleaning, but I am!
I'm taking time to write this review instead of just benefiting from others.
I'm keeping his card handy, bragging about my carpet and telling everyone about HWE rotary extraction.

Horrible customer service and management.
Very shady business practices.
I chose Genie because of an ad I saw on Google - $50 for 3 rooms under a certain amount of sq ft. We were definitely under that square footage amount, but they charged us almost 4x the amount advertised, and when I mentioned the ad, they claimed that they cannot quote over the phone without seeing the carpet.
That's completely understandable, but they should have taken their special down if they do not plan to honor that price.

