Opening day free food!
Thank you.
Cheese quesadilla was excellent.
Daughter enjoyed the french fries.
Tried the red salsa and the brown salsa.
The brown was pretty good and the red was excellent.
Chips were okay, but I tend to like a thinner chip.
Restaurant was bright and clean, service was fast and cheerful and the overall quality of food was great.
I will go back.

Great Mexican foods with many different seasonings and large portions.

This particular location have change owners like 4 times in the past year.
they recently opened Tacos La mexicana and I really liked it.
the portions and prices are pretty good.
I tried the burrito with the flan and it was delicious.
to give you a better idea of this place is like going to Robertos, but a bit more scale (not too much, just a bit) Tip: do not miss their lunch special, 2 tacos, rice & bean + soda for 6 bucks!

Went here again, and the food was still good in respect to taste, portion, and seasoning.
Ordered a supreme burrito.
What changed that I disliked was that the sauces and jalepenos weren't readily available on that one middle table against the wall, and when I asked for jalepenos, they took it out of the freezer in the back of the kitchen and handed it to me directly.
The big deal about the jalepenos is that they are less spicy this way.
In fact, boiling them makes them spicier.
This might not be as big to other people, but when I order spicy food, especially if it's Mexican food, I expect a lot of spiciness.

Tacos de carne asada were very good, carnitas was very good as well but the al pastor was lacking in flavor.
I liked the orange'ish salsa they had to go on the tacos and my son liked the rice as well.
One of my complaints with this type of place is always having the TV blasting Mexican soap operas while I'm trying to eat.
Give it a rest.

This is going to be our new go to spot for mexican food.
Its a brand new hidden treasure two blocks away from our house.
Roberto's is crap food and very expensive.
They nickle and dime you so I really wanted to find a new mexican place that taste authentic.
especially since our favorite restaurant chappala's closed last year.
Walking in the place was packed, no where to sit.. which in my eyes is a very good sign.
there arent a lot of places to sit, maybe 5 tables but every chair was taken and people were chowing down.
Once we started looking at the menu a gentlemen walked out from behind the counter and handed us a menu.
He mentioned we could always call ahead and then go through their drive thru for pick up.
Wait, drive thru!?
Thats a star in itself because theres somedays I just want my mexican food but dont want to get out of my pjs or put any makeup on.
I noticed they are significantly lower than other places around here which is great.
Here are the prices of some of the items we ordered.
4 rolled tacos (chicken) combinations plate (included guac, lettuce, sour cream and cheese) 6.95.
Chicken hard tacos (fully loaded!!
and huge!
Completely worth it) 1.99.
Small horchata 1.50.
Pork tamale 1.99 Cheese quesadilla (made with the mexican cheese and super huge!
) Asada burrito (beans, rice, cheese, onions, and meat) 4.99.
All of the above were delicious.
I think the tamale could have had a bit more flavor but   I may just be spoiled from having cook them myself all the time.
Everything was in great portion.
We have leftovers actually.
Half the quesadilla, two chicken tacos and two rolled tacos, rice and beans.
It came to 17 but next time im sure we will spend less.. our eyes were bigger than our stomach.
The customer service was great and everyone was friendly and welcoming.
they had no problem explaining what was in every burrito or mentioning what their biggest items sold are.
They had a salsa bar with lots of items and their salsa was delicious and fresh.
I really liked that they didnt charge to use our debit card, like robertos does.
would have taken more pictures of the food, but we inhaled it but i take that as a positive note :)

Awesome, new 2nd location of my favorite taco shop in Las Vegas.
Not much more to say than I've said in my 5-star review of their original location - I refer to this place again and again as my benchmark for street tacos and nachos.
Service is professional and friendly, and their fresh-made salsas are spectacular.
If you've got your favorite LA taco spot, you will be more than happy with this one.
Keep it up guys!

I've been a fan of the original Tacos La Mexicana on Decatur and Twain for some time.
So, I'm thrilled that they brought all that taco goodness closer to my neck of the woods with their second location near Durango and Spring Mountain.
The carnitas tacos are just as good as the ones at the original spot.
The quality and flavor of the asada are better than almost any taco shop on the west side of town and the al pastor wasn't bad either.
Tacos are pretty cheap at $1.39 each.
The chicken tamale ($1.75) was pretty good, but the carnitas is what you should load up on.

Don't let the 4 versus 5 stars fool you, the food here is delicious, and everyone is warm and friendly, even to a very pale American girl who never had real Mexican food until she moved to Las Vegas  I judge Mexican food by the Carnitas, something I had for the first time about 4 years ago.
The carnitas here is delicious, but occasionally a bit too greasy.The carne asada has good flavor, also, and I enjoyed the pork tamale, huarache, and the rolled tacos.
The green salsa is absolutely too die for delicious.
I stop in once a week or more, and get treated like a welcome friend every time, and that keeps me coming back even more.
If you haven't tried it yet, stop in for lunch and try one of the lunch specials.
You can even go through the drive-thru and take it with you!

Looking for a reasonably priced, fast and exceptional Mexican spot?
This place is it!
Roberto's has nothing on this place.
Cleanliness and appearance alone beats them.
Friendly workers and it also has a drive thru for the lazy pajama cravings;) Definitely my new spot for super burritos!

I ordered a carne asada burrito and it was garbage!
The carne asada tasted bad, thin and hard, just bad quality.
Roberto's is not that great but it's better than this place

Really good and the only complaint was my carne asada buritto was full of rice and beans yuck!!!!
i couldnt taste the meat over these flavors it tasted like what i call a white burrito lol i know next time but theyre food is great all in all from the other things i have ordered try it out theyre great

Pretty tasty chicken nachos!
Beats Roberto's by a landslide.
Glad I found this quick lil yummy Mexican place nearby.
Thanks fellow yelpers!

Best tacos in town PERIOD!!

I needed a street taco fix so we drove cross town to and decided to share a 4-taco platter that included beans and Spanish rice.
My wife chose 2 with al pastor while I settled on a pastor and a chorizo.
All were authentic (that's good), but the chorizo made my taste buds do the Shimmy, Shimmy Shake.

We always see this lil restaurant when we pay a visit over to CJ's next door but I only remember it from the days of the original owners of BeeGees :(  Anyway, we were craving some Mexican food so we decided to give them a try.
When we walked in, there weren't very many customers so we were kind of weary at this point about continuing with our little adventure, but we proceeded on and ordered our food.
I ordered a plate that had 1 tamale and 1 chile relleno w/ beans and rice.
I'm not asking to blow me out of the water, but the flavor on my entire plate was non-existent :(  Honestly, I'm no health inspector but I am pretty sure that the hot sauce containers have to completely be in ice, not just the bottom portion of it... AND there has to be the usual sneeze guards or at least covers not just random containers on a table in front of the bathroom?
Staff was uber nice but-- I'm sorry, not returning.

Had the Carne Tacos.
It was pretty good.
Their beef had some seasoning to it so it wasn't bland.
The service was nice and there's a self serve salsa table, which I love.

If you want best bang for you money and good Mexican foods, go somewhere else.
First time ordering carne asada fries here and was very disappointed.
They gave me half of what other shops are giving in their orders and charged the same price as other places around town.
Wouldn't come back here again

I ordered the rolled tacos combination with beef, they were just ok.
The beans were really runny and did not have much flavor and the rice was pretty standard.
I will try again to see if this was just an off day.
The service was great though!

I really like this place!
I like it better than  Roberto's Got 4 astada Tacos, beans and lettuce with tomatoes.
I think they just threw the lettuce and tomatoes on my plate, because I was suppose to get rice (I love rice, any kind of rice)  She told me as soon as the rice is ready she will bring it to me.
I love the condiment table, ohhhhh the pickled jalapenos.
I really liked the tacos!
the beans.......Well they could have kept that.
The lettuce and tomatoes, not sure how all that was suppose to be tied in with the rest of the meal, but what ever.....My rice never came.
So I decided when I get off work, I will come back here so I can bring a plate home to my husband.
So  I just told the cashier, that I will pick up my rice when I get off work.
I go back after work.
They already knew what the deal is!
That's pretty good service.
I ordered the same thing for my husband that I go for myself for lunch.
Tthey also gave me a free soda for my troubles.
So when I got home, and opened his plate!
WTF, I didn't get chips!
And he didn't get lettuce and tomatoes!
The chips were so good!
And the rice was the BOMB.COM!
They gave me a pint  and I ate the whole thing!
Next time, they can keep the beans, give me chips and rice!

Wow.
How lucky it is that I've found this place.
I hate to cook so I always eat out, and by always, I mean two meals a day.
I've been going around different restaurants for months that fit my budget and I would pay around $10 ~ $15 for a decent meal at a decent restaurant.
Then I came here.
I ordered a lunch special for $6.43.
I expected a paltry amount but no, I was quite full and the food was delicious!
And the food wasn't watered-down Americanized food; it was genuine Mexican food.
Since then, I've been coming here EVERYDAY (literally).
I don't know how they are able run their business, serving such high quality food while charging so little.
I almost fear that they might go out of business.
I feel obligated to leave this five-star review because I want them to have a lot of customers.
I absolutely love the place.
Highly recommended.

Note: I'm an east coaster.
I'm no taco pro.
But these guys are awesome and the $5.99 lunch special is rad.
4 'cos (carnitas, pastor, pollo, chorizo), rice, beans, soda, bawse.
The rice is bleh (but who needs it) and the pollo taco is bleh (isn't every?
), but every other 'co was legit.
3-4 bites each in corn tortillas, they were sized perfectly.
The salsa's are solid, too.
Reading previous reviews, I knew to ask for them at the window but didn't expect four different kinds to be tossed in the bag.
Each different in consistency and spice level, it was fun to mix and match.
This place crushes Roberto's (minus the breakfast burrito) and I can't wait to get back here (tomorrow).
Bonus: it's right next to a taco bell (sorry TBell).

I've been looking forward to trying this place since it opened....sadly I was not pleased.
The lady at the cashier was so nice but that's about all I have to say for nice things.
The tamale was small, and just eh tasting.
Tacos were alright.
The enchilada....was not an enchilada at all.
No meat, flat, and almost like a quesadilla with enchilada sauce on it.
Honestly, Frank and Phina's Caucina and Roberto's has bigger, real portions and prices are good!

One day several months ago I was trying to find a good taco shop close to work.
With the courtesy of Yelp, I found the Tacos La Mexicana restaurant, so my friends and I decided to give it a try.
Here's what I thought:  THE DECOR (3 out of 5) Nothing too special here as you would expect from any other taco shop in a little strip center.
There are a limited number of tables here, but it usually isn't too much of a problem finding a place to sit after you've placed your order.
The good part is that they do keep the dining area clean, and they have a couple of flat screen TVs to watch to pass the time.
THE FOOD (4 out of 5) Now, the food is the best part.
I usually order the 4 taco lunch special which includes 4 tacos, beans, rice and a drink.
With the tacos you just need to let them know what kind of meat that you want from Al Pastor, Chorizo, Carnitas, etc.
The tacos taste fresh and are definitely delicious.
The little salsa bar that they have setup on a small table may be a little lacking but at least they have the usual suspects with a couple of different salsas, carrots, jalapeños, and radishes.
THE PRICE (5 out of 5) So, the lunch special that I usually get is just $5.99 plus tax!
So you won't be breaking the bank when eating at this restaurant.
OVERALL (4 out of 5) So, if you're on the west side of town and feel a hankering for some good but cheap eats, you should definitely give Tacos La Mexicana a try!

I had the urge for tacos but wanted too try something different then my normal spot.
So thought too myself is there better time too check out Tacos La Mexicana!
I remember back when it use too be japanese restaurant and always been curious too check it out.
I heard lot of positive reviews for it.
My first impression walked in was floor space itself nothing changed and there still bamboo plants that use for decoration.
Really that when the similarity ends.
Inside they changed the color, added big sombrero on the wall, the menu has a nice diversity (but not too big), and drinks have your horchata, mexican soda (love that old school soda in glass bottle) and old school coke glass bottle.
Small place laid back atmosphere plus if on the go they even have drive thru window.
I always been fan of authentic tacos none of this american fast food tacos.
Between taco trucks and authentic places like Tacos La Mexicana nice option.
Lengua guy through and through.
No exception got two lengua and two carne asadas tacos.
I had too get some refried beans just cause.
It like having peanuts and beer.
One compliments the other.
Both tacos were awesome!
I like the portion size of meat they give you per tacos.
Both cooked perfect, nice moist, hot, tasty, and hit it with one of five different salsas.
Delicious!
I almost got in all five.
The salsa verde, salsa roja, and regular salsa.
You can tell they were freshly made each day.
Although the way they ice it down had its own personality.
I think the fact that they have FIVE different salsa all daily fresh made, along with your pickled jalapenos/carrots.
By far best salsa bar or station had in town yet!
The refried beans were pretty tasty too.
I just came Big fab of Tacos La Mexicana.
The lunch specials talk about STEAL of deal.
Four tacos any choice PLUS you get rice and beans plus drink.
It not that much more for dinner but ordering tacos at dinner that all you get.
So lunch better bargain but still lunch of dinner great value great food.
Plus five different salsas not as though same tacos every time.
I know Tacos La Mexicana is place that plan on stopping by more often.

Authentic food, but they messed up my order and over charged us.

A fine Mexican joint with good food, good prices, and a slightly hole in the wall interior.
They use Mexican cheese instead of jack or mozarella which gives their quesadilla and beans with cheese a delicious, authentic flavor.
Had some chorizo tacos and the meat was stellar.
Nice spice and the corn tortillas were cooked to perfection.
Highly recommend this place.
If you're used to eating at Roberto's you will find this place is leagues better and with lower prices to boot.

Love my 4 tacos, rice, beans, and pop for $5.99...Best lunch deal in Vegas!
The pastor is soooo good!
I always want to try a burrito or torta or something, but can never stray away from the lunch special!

Decently priced Mexican food.
The carnitas torta is amazing!
Kinda far from my house though.
Tried the torta at Roberto's and it's just not the same...at all.
Oh well, the drive is worth it!

love it!
delicious!!!!!!!
if you are looking for excellent mexican food, this is the place to come...

Awesome I only do the lunch special always, cause the deal is great, one time the rice was kind of nasty tasting, but I gave it another try.
And ever since then I am In love.
I still want to try other things but I love tacos, (no cilantro) I grew up in Mexico and these are great tacos

Authentic mexican food.
Get it made your way.
Hard tacos & Calientê picante salsa.
Smells sooo good and is located next to a Taco Bell lpl.
Very nice service.
Made to order.
Only $1.99 for hard tacos beef or chicken, and real shredded cheese.
They werent tight on the salsa either.
I had it to go they incl.
limes napkins without me asking.
Sooo yummy.
Ill def.
be back.

Great service and fast you get that these days.
The drive thru is quick and they have a nice light menu so you won't be struggling on reading the menu.
The employees are very nice and they know menu really good.
I will be back when ever I want authentic Mexican food

I've seen this place on Durango for a long time and finally decided to try it.
I hit the drive thru with one car in front of me.
I ordered the cheese enchilada combo and a large diet coke.
The car in front of me waited at the window for about 10 minutes before receiving their order of one to-go container.
I drove up and the gentleman at the window apologized for the wait and took my money.
I waited at least another 7 or 8 minutes for them to finally get my order.
I then had to ask for my drink and some hot sauce as none was offered.
Now I sit at my computer at work with my order......that is wrong!
They gave me chicken enchiladas instead of the cheese.
In fact there was almost no cheese anywhere on or in these enchiladas!
There was almost no sauce on them either.
They were practically dry!
Overall, a pretty bad experience from slow service to getting the wrong food that was not very good.
Next time, I will go to the usual Robertos.

Not very good anymore just flavorless and kinda gross I don't know what happened the torta was really bland and dry my rolled tacos were just not good :-( I use to really like this place

Good place for Mexican food.
And it's very affordable.
Roberto's is shit next to this place.
Their salsas are actually salsa, not water down crap lol try it and enjoy the food.

I read a lot of positive reviews about this place and had to try it out for myself.
I came and got a lunch special and I have been going back ever since.
I'm tired of the Roberto commercials talking about real authentic Mexican food, Roberto's has nothing on Tacos la Mexicana.

Decent tacos and super cheap too, especially if you come during lunch (before 3 pm) for their lunch special where you get 4 tacos, rice, beans and drink for $5.99.
If you come after 3 pm, you pay the same price and just don't get a drink.
They also have several other specials on the menu and the same policy applies.
The chorizo is my favorite so far.
The tacos seemed smaller than other places but the meats are tasty although sometimes slightly greasy.
The horchata tasted watered down so just opt for a soda.

Popped in for a couple breakfast burritos with the wifey this morning.
Good sized burritos with plenty of eggs, taters & bacon inside.
The tortillas were cooked perfectly, where they're slightly golden brown & crispy.
My only complaint was the burritos seemed a little dry... A lil' sour cream on the inside would compliment them nicely.

Me and a friend stopped by to pick up some dinner to go.
The lady at the register, Diana, was so nice.
She took time out of her day to describe some of the foods that we had questions about.
Super nice staff, friendly and makes you feel like you are a part of the family.
The food is so good and flavorful.
Will keep going back again and again!

I love the carne asada huaraches they are the best!!!
It's a gigantic tortilla filled with black beans topped with meat,cheese, onion  and salsa verde.
They take a long time But its worth it.
The service is always good.

Yummmmy!!!!!!!!!
This place is amazing!!!
Real authentic drive thru mexican food!!!
Omg!
the best.
I was a little sad at first cause their menu showed no vegetarian option so I asked for a specific burrito without meat, the worker then told me they do in fact have a delicious vegetarian burrito.
My suggestion to them would be to put it on the menu.
Other then that this place is my go to fast mexican food.

Food was so so.
I wanted to try them vs Roberto's but the food wasn't seasoned well and i didn't much care for the chicken rolled tacos.
The carna asada taco was ok. Im from cali so i know good Mexican food and this isn't it.

Tacos La Mexicana is the place to go for lunch.
For only $5.99, you get four tacos, rice, refried beans, and a small drink.
I usually get their chicken and pastor (pork) tacos.
The chicken is not particularly seasoned and is more like pulled chicken.
The pastor is not the best that I've ever tried, but it is definitely decent.
The food in general is tasty, and the price is even better.
I also like their small salsa bar.
The red salsas are all delicious, and my favorite salsa is the green one (without seeds).
It is packed with flavor and is definitely their spiciest salsa.
Overall, the service, price, and food is great and a must-try!

This place rules.
I'm guilty of settling for Taco Bell for lunch before, but one time the line for the drive thru was nuts while the one for Tacos La Mexicana, which is right across the way,  was barren.
I decided to stop betraying my heritage and give their drive thru a try, even though I knew it would take a little longer considering I was buying real food.
The wait wasn't too much longer though: I got my food in minutes, it beat the crap out of Taco Bell, and I've been going here ever since.
I loved everything I've had so far, the people are always nice and very accomodating, and the cost won't kill your wallet.

Was surprised of the quality!
Had the tacos.
The beans were very tasty.
Had the chips and guacamole.
Was not what I thought.
Negative there.

The tacos AL Pastor  and de carnitas are awesome.
The enchiladas are good too.
Their green salsa is tasty.
I liked the Horchata because it wasn't super sweet.
We will be back.

