This was my first visit, and my nails look awesome.
The owner was very nice, very attentive and asked a lot of questions about how I like my nails and what I liked about my other nail salon.
I've never had a consultation on my nail preference and I really appreciated that he wanted to give me the nails I wanted.
I will admit it smelled kinda funny in there... like food, but I'm not there to eat I'm there to get my nails done.
It was close to dinner time, he might have had something to eat.
They also have their sanitizing machine out where you can see them being used.
I have an issue when salons don't show that they sanitize or have sanitary equipment.
They also are less expensive than most other shops...
I had my old set removed and a new set added (with uv gel over) for $33.00.
This is not a new Locaation for a nail shop; there had been another shop there before.
I was told this is new ownership.

Poor customer service.
Average nail work.
I have visited this salon twice.
The first time, Tony took me right away and gave me a full set.
They were average but the price was decent and he promised to charge me less for a fill than the going rate.
I came in to get a fill and Tony was unavailable so another man was going to do my fill.
He was so rough with me, drilling hard, and not gentle, (my cuticles and sides of fingers a bit raw!
) that I finally asked to have another technician do my fill.
He then had every tech come over and check my nails and began to ask other clients if he'd ever been rough with their hands.
Honestly, it was humiliating and absolutely unprofessional.
It wasn't anyone else's business.
By this time, Tony came back and did my nails.
The other tech continued to complain about me in front of me.
Really?
When it came down to paying, Tony then charged me full price even when I reminded him about what he said.
I paid, tipped, and walked out.
I'll never go back.

Awesome place!
Billy did my pink and white for $33 he didnt even cut me!
This was the best nail job i have ever gotten

I'm always scared to go to nail places that I've never heard anything about.
We walked in with my daughter and I asked them to paint her nails only to find out that they have chairs JUST for kids...so she got her very own pedicure!
She's 2 so she was crazy excited and the girl was so amazing and patient with her.
My mom and I were seated right away and the chairs are stinkin' fantastic!
Good customer service, amazing leg/foot massage (better than my husband, at least.
) ;) and the prices are decent for what you get.
They have multiple options for pedicures and manis and a huge color collection!
The standard spa pedicure get Took me 2 years living here to find a nail salon that is worth the money.
I love it.
Can I stay forever?

