Great service.
The waitress was really awesome!
The pizza was handmade and very delicious!
Lots of cheese, yummy sauce, and the crust was fresh, handmade.
The bratwurst sliders are so flavorful!
The pretzel bun is perfect for them.
The house made chips were really good too.
The quality of the food is really good and the prices are fantastic!
There are plenty of games to play.
The place was spotless too!
The liked the decor/ambiance.
High class, yet casual.
No smoking is a huge plus too!
I love that we can come here and then head to the casino later.
The bowling alley there looks like fun, too!
Free shoe rental and child movie prices if you show your total rewards card....

Great atmosphere.
Good food and service.
Even getting kicked out didn't damper the festive mood.
Or maybe that is why we were tossed.
Anyway, thanks to Ed, we made an earlier than planned departure, but the party just finished at his house.

This place is one of the best Sports bar's I've seen here in Arizona.
They have Pool tables, of course, but also Foosball and Air Hockey.
How much fun is that?
Not to mention the food is amazing.
I have to mention they have the best pizza I have ever tasted!

6.00 dollar beers  9.99 Angus Sliders Very slow service on Saturday for the fights  I waited 27 minutes for a beer at one point when the bar was getting busy.
I young lady I think was a supervisor by her dress came behind the bar to help and I was shocked to over hear her tell a customer she didn't know how to make drinks but she could get him a beer.
WHAT ??????
How can to run a bar and not know how to make drinks.
The bartenders are friendly but other than one ( blonde female) they coulded help more than one customer at a time.
She was keeping the service station running and putting out drinks all around the bar.
The Angus Sliders are a little dry for my taste but good over all... the fries are ok but did seem as they might have been sitting awhile before serving.
The place was great for watching the UFC as every tv was on it.
As long as they are the only place to watch the fights they will do well.
But as soon as another place in Maricopa shows it they will take a big hit with the prices and poor hostes service.

Raw wings.
Yummmm.
When we reported it to the waitress she said sorry about that.
Luxe.
Step up your game.

Tuesday night, maybe 3 other tables in restaurant and took about 5 mins for waitress to get to us for menus even though there was more than 1 server.
Took another 7 or so mins before she got our drinks to us, menu online is not the same as in restaurant.
Out of something we wanted to try.
Waited about 15 mins for app and then another 25 for entrees.
They were out of mashed potatoes for a dish my husband ordered and they didn't even tell him, just gave him red potatoes instead.
Big meaty pizza is amazing!
That was worth the wait.
Waitress was really nice, when we told her about the little things, she went downstairs and got us some ice cream from the dessert bar for free.
Rocky road is really good and all is homemade.

On the one hand, it's a sports bar close to home with a decent menu and always has the games on a multitude of TVs.
It's clean, nice-looking, and the servers are nice (and usually easy on the eyes!).
On the other hand...the beer prices non-happy hour or non-domestic are kind of high, especially considering their selection is piddly as hell - Bud Light, Coors Light, Miller Light, Dos Equis, Blue Moon and Kiltlifter.
I'm pretty sure that's it.
That might have cut it back in the days of older sports bars, but now people expect a good beer selection, or at least better prices if you have a shitty one.
The service can be slow, even when there's like 2 people in there, not sure why.
I dont usually mind since I'm rarely in a hurry, but still.
This is typical of most places in Maricopa, sadly.
The worst part though, I mean the absolute worst part, is that the arcade downstairs has this machine that just sets off a buzzer/alarm that goes off when someone wins, and it's loud as hell, and it will just go on forever and ever and ever and ever and...you get the point.
We've complained, asked if anything can be done, nothing.
So many people start looking around confused when it goes off, it disrupts everything.
I'm SHOCKED that the bar manager hasn't requested that the arcade get rid of that one machine.
I just cant understand it...why the hell would you keep something that is pissing so many people off?
I've heard so many people complain about it.
It's ridiculous.
Anyway, decent enough place, wish there was a 2.5 star instead but this'll do.
Don't do the wing challenge.
You'll regret it.
Trust me.

