Camp Rhino is truly the Ultimate Training Center.
With a HUGE indoor obstacle course, CrossFit, Boot Camp and yoga, they can get you in amazing shape in the most fun of ways.

I had my first class EVER in a boot camp/cross fit type class and I LOVED IT!
I thought it was incredible.
The place is amazing, tons of obstacles and workout stations.
The class I had was the Boot Camp Las Vegas class that comes to Camp Rhino every Thursday.
I went in hoping not to barf, and came out with my butt kicked but smiling from ear-to-ear !
It was awesome.

Great gym, with an easy going staff.
Best set up for lifting in Las Vegas, with a full bumper plate set and plenty of space.
Also has goodies like sleds, tires, GHD and obstacles.
I never really did the obstacles, but the bumper plates were what I signed up for.
When my work schedule changed and I couldn't make it in anymore, they were really cool about canceling my membership.
(Something rare in my experience at gyms)

This place really could be a great tourist destination.
It's very close to the airport (and therefore close to the strip) and it's a blast: If you're athletic and up for some amazing challenges.
We, of course, went for the Ninja Warrior inspired obstacles.
Holy... crap.
Just standing below the Warped Wall in real life gave me new respect for the contestants on that show.
No, I didn't come close to making it.
And the salmon ladder is terrifying but very fun to try.
My friend actually succeeded at the Spider Climb!
They also have Rhino, Tough Mudder and Spartan inspired obstacles, which were actually doable for us mere mortals as well as standard Crossfit equipment with the addition of a lot of climbing ropes (they have a very high ceiling.
)  If you're a Ninja Warrior fan this is a perfect Vegas stop.
I just wish they had more side by side races and more clearly marked courses (the very cool employee had to show use some courses which were mixed in with workout equipment.
)  This is a great distraction if you're got an hour to kill in Vegas, are tired of drinking, and have ever shouted at the TV "I could totally do that!
"  UPDATE: Someone from Camp Rhino just messaged me and said they're going to add some side by side obstacle course races... and add a stop button so you can time your runs through the obstacle course.
Awesome!

Awesome training gym!
Got a great deal to start for a few months.
I have nothing but positive experiences.
The staff is really great!
Every single instructor knows what they are talking about.
I've never had a class where I didn't learn something new.
I would  suggest starting with beginner bootcamp, your gonna learn all the important techniques so you don't hurt yourself.
I must again stress the great job they did picking there staff, totally makes working out that much better.

Came here for the Spartan Training Workout that was hosted by Spartan Race.
It's a really nice gym!
But it's far for me.
I wish they had a location in the Southwest.
Since there's plenty of mountains out this way it's perfect for the type of training that they provide.
The gym itself is awesome.
It's like a playground for people who like to workout and do obstacle races.
They have various types of challenging obstacle race training.

I have been attending Camp Rhino now for about 2.5 months 3-5 days per week.
I can't say enough positive things.
This is not a collection of treadmills and exercise bikes, this is a camaraderie, a culture, a true community.
Everyone is committed to themselves as well as you.
I am by no means a fit or slim, athlete type.
My first class I was riddled with, what began as panic and quickly manifested into complete fatigue.
I have continued to show up and it has altered my perspective on myself as well as my fitness level.
2.5 months in only 2 pounds lost but down three clothing sizes, what does that say?
If you are looking to change your lifestyle this is the place!
This is a playground for adults!

I did my first ever obstacle run today at Camp Rhino With some Co-workers.
They walk you through all of the obstacles first & show you how to complete them safely & efficiently if you go early for the 9:30 AM Beginner crash course.
Then, at 11 we ran the Saturday Practice Course.
Tough, but doable if you already have some strength & Cardio.
l really enjoyed the instructor and doing the course was super fun.
It took me 44 minutes... now I want to go back & beet my record!

