Built like a sports bar and connected to the Hospitality Suites hotel.
Pretty good food, not many beers and good price.
Not much character but good for a coupla cheap drinks and watching sports.

3.5 stars:  An unassuming sports bar back to back with the nearby Hospitality Suites.
I can't say much on how lively it gets at night or how the regular fare is.
I just had one of the complimentary breakfast items for staying at the motel.
The service is friendly enough but sleepy-looking at 7 am on a Thursday.
I didn't mind.
I got the American Style Breakfast which consisted of 4 pieces of dry wheat toast, two eggs over medium, sausage and hash browns with a single serving of Country Crock.
They cook it to order but it came out looking like it had just been warmed.
It wasn't hot and the toast barely qualified as warm.
The potatoes were pretty tasty but shriveled and I had to check to make sure they weren't either desiccated or frozen before trying them.
You can see from the picture that the yolk came broken on the eggs but they were cooked pretty well.
They give you a pot of coffee to go with your meal if that's your drink of choice.
On the other hand as you tap away on the keyboard to write this... technically, it *was* free.
What am I really bitching about?

Small bar attached to a Hotel.
The drink prices are circa 1985.
All bottled domestic beer seems to cost only $1.50 and all draft beers are about 2 bucks.
Three giant TV screens at the bar with all the games possible including NFL package.
Bonus on this night was very cute blonde bartender.
Looks like a tougher working class crowd at night, sprinkled in with hotel guests and snowbirds.
Decent menu that might get tried at a future time.

If you enjoy being lied to your face about the position you will be working as well as being paid half of what you were told you were going to be paid; then please, by all means work for this company.

Wow, really bad.
Saw a friends band play here.
Band was great, food/service was awful!
Iced tea tasted like someone put a cigarette out in it, my friend was told after 25 minutes of waiting that his wings weren't coming out because they were out of wings, then they magically brought them out 20 mins later.
Had to ask for refills constantly, server came out asking us to remind her what we ordered, like she forgot or something?
Our "veggie platter" with 3 pieces of celery and 3 pieces of carrots was $7.
Overall just bad.

