This is a great, new Sainsbury's Local that opened up between Haymarket and Prince's Street.
It opened just three weeks ago and is really new and nice with even good hardwood floors.
Even though it is a local-sized store, the selection is pretty good and prices are reasonable for the central location, and they even had some pretty good markdowns, too.
The only thing I think they're still ironing out is the queue for the checkout.
Although there were two 'lanes', one for the self-checkout and one for the actual people, all the customers just queued in one of the sides.
There were lots of self-checkouts, though, and they did a fairly good job of moving people through the checkout process.
It's great to have this new Sainsbury's location!

I work just off Shandwick place so I am here most days.
Before this Sainsbury's was recently opened, I had to go to Co-Op over the road, which is pretty big, but if you went there at lunch time the the queues were HUGE!
Now I have Sainsbury's, and what a delightful Sainsbury's it is.
I'm not sure what it is, but I find walking in here somewhat calming.
As far a supermarkets go, it is quite an attractive one.
The fruit and veg section is really spread out so you can browse in peace without anyone invading your personal space.
Once you have your items, there are a variety of self-service checkouts for you to choose from, so queuing is never an issue.
The staff also seem very lovely and ready for a chat.
An all round lovely supermarket in my opinion!

I work mere minutes from this Sainsbury's so often find myself popping in at lunch time.
It's relatively new, so modern and, as supermarkets go, attractive looking, as well as stocking a good selection of produce.
The queue can be long, but it moves quickly and there are loads of self-service machines.
I tend to make up my own salad at the salad bar, as it's really reasonably priced.
A decent Regular size for £1.99 of whatever I want from the selection on offer.
The problem though is the selection.
I appreciate that there are a lot of people wanting salad, but it's not restocked often enough (the staff at the counter are standing chatting most of the time) so you're left to try and scrape the last bit of tuna pasta out of the tub.
The selection is usually decent, though it varies day to day, I just wish tubs were refilled more quickly.
I also wish that, like the Rose St branch, their hot counter included baked potatoes, but alas.

Dude I come here ALL THE TIME.
I'm basically the King of the salad bar.
Sometimes people ask me how I fit that much stuff in my £3 salad bowl and I tell them that this is because I win.
Just that.
I win at £3 salad bowls.
They do cooked food here and the BBQ chicken wings and southern fried chicken sandwiches are a bit of a dirty treat.
Recommend getting there before I steal all the chicken and others steal all the mango from the salad bar.
Other than that on weekends you get some SERIOUS bargains form the reduced to clear stuff.
I recently got about £12 of salmon for £4.
Great stuff!
4 starts because it's a supermarket and it's not really this specific one that makes the difference!

