Donna is awesome!
Her sprays are always even and they never streak!
If any blemish shows up it always washes off like perfect after a shower!
She is really professional and since I've found her I haven't ever gone anywhere else!

I loved my experience at Arizona Airbrush Studio.
Once I heard Glo was going to close, I was hoping someone would buy it.
It was amazing that the manager just stepped into that roll.
They are always very kind and care about what you think of your tan.
They want you leaving their happy and bronze.
I will continue to go back.

Donna does a great job!
The spray tan is always even, great color and lasts for a week!
She manages the place very well.
I am always taken in for my appt on time.
Arizona Airbrush prices are the best in Old Town!

This is the best airbrush tanning studio in Arizona!
Donna is awesome, and the prices are very reasonable, especially the all-you-can tan package for $50.00!
The staff is very friendly and accommodating.
I love being able to book appointments online using Vagaro, as my work schedule changes constantly with meetings, etc, so I can adjust my appointments as necessary.
Without them, I would be very sad and pale.

As a weekly spray-tan addict, I have tried out several different airbrush studios in Scottsdale over the past 3 years and I can say that Arizona Airbrush is THEE premiere airbrush studio in the valley.
They are always on top of the latest and greatest products and solutions in the market, and will customize their solution for each specific client, so that you are guaranteed to get the color/darkness that you want at every session.
Donna and Jaqueline are very accommodating and will make sure that you leave there happy!
I've found that their tan lasts the longest on my skin and with the all-you-can-tan monthly package, the pricing is also the best you will find in Scottsdale.
As a bonus, their solution does not have that offensive smell that some of the older solutions have....and my husband no longer tries to get me to sleep in our guest room :)

This place is the best!
If you want a natural and even spray tan look no further~ Jackie and Donna do an incredible job!
I have been going here for over a year now and have a standing appointment every Thursday!
It is honestly worth every penny!

Donna is extremely professional and makes you feel very comfortable.
My tan looks amazing!

This place is the ONLY place I will ever get airbrushed.
Been coming here for 2yrs and have never been disappointed.
Dawn and Jackie are awesome at what they do.
Don't go anywhere else!!

If I could give Donna more stars I would.
she is beyond professional and is so amazing at what she does.
If you've never been go now if your going go more!
shes amazing and always has the best deals in town.

I love this place.
I was so happy to learn that Donna took over Glo Studio.
What is even more amazing is that she is honoring the tans you had purchased with Glo.
What a relief.
I still had a couple.
She has always done a wonderful job on my tans.
I have a spa day with my girlfriends next week and I didn't want people to be blinded by my ghostly appearance, when lounging by the pool.
I made the appointment online, it was so easy.
I showed up and the new girl who was working that day (her name escapes me) was very nice and professional.
I always request "medium", by the end of the day it looks really dark, until you shower and that bronzing layer washes off.
I was in and out withing 15 minutes with a wonderful bronzed tone.
Yeay, color!

Tan was amazing, professional service and a good price point.
I will return!

This is a nice little studio.
You have a private booth and the ladies are very nice.
I bought a deal and went for my first spray, there were no delays and the girl walked me through the process.
The spray itself went well and I followed all the directions about when I could shower and not to do any activity that would make me sweat.
Over all the results were good however, around me knees and near some skin folds it was very splotchy and there were some small streaks.
I went back about a month later after my tan had faded a little bit.
By the way I got about 3 1/2 weeks out of it.
For my second spray I had a different technician and I explained the problems with my first spray.
She went over what could have caused this and that was helpful.
She then took the extra time to make sure there was extra coverage in the problem areas I described.
Again there was a review of when I could shower and activities to avoid for the day.
No complaints!!!
I did not see the issues I had before, there was nice even coverage and no streaks.
I am currently on week 3 with this spray and it looks nice.
Thanks for a good job and taking the time to ask about my problems and fixing them.
Customer service is key!!
Thanks  There were only two negatives to this place, one is that it is tucked in a small business area and I had a little trouble finding it the first time.
The only other thing is they do not have a restroom right in their office.
They have one just outside of it in the building but you must have a key.
On my visit I arrived before my appointment time, the girl had forgotten the key, and I had to leave to find a restroom and then come back.
One suggestion might be to leave the restroom key in the office.
Other than that this is a great place to get a good quality airbrush tan and I will continue to go there.

I absolutely love it here!
I have been a client for at least the last 2 years.
Pros- educated staff, easy scheduling, great products, my tan always looks great, great hours, pretan and aftercare directions are located on website.
Great aftercare product selection Prices are just right, and if they are having a special, they make sure that you know about it on your visit, this is absolutely my go to place!
Cons- not really any that I can mention...parking isn't that bad, I am able to find a spot pretty easily but I usually book at night, I could imagine around happy hour time or dinner time it would be a challenge, just give yourself a few extra minutes cause you don't want to be late!
I tried the after tan lotion for the first time this week on the advice of staff, it was amazing, i loved that it kept my tan a bit longer than usual, while took away the concern about using OTC lotions that may fade your tan.

This is the best place to get a spray tan in Scottsdale Period!
I have been coming here for a long time now, and they get my tan right every time, and you can't beat the price!

Amazing airbrush tan, the best in Arizona.
Professional, excellent attention to detail.
I would never go anywhere else!

I love Arizona Airbrush Studio!
I've met two of the girls there and they are always super nice!
I prefer Donna to do my spray tans and I believe she is the owner :).
Started out by getting tans for special events and now I get them weekly!
Way more healthier for you skin then tanning in a bed of lights!
:) Love being able to schedule online and change my appointment if needed.
I recommend all of my friends and guests where I work to Arizona Airbrush Studio.
Thank you ladies!

Absolutely love this place!!!!
I would (and have) recommended many people here for the best airbrush tan.
Donna is all around great - she always recommends the best color for you, makes you feel comfortable, and gets you in and out .
The price is perfect and there are even deals!
This is definitely my go-to when I need extra color for an event.
I would never go anywhere else!

I wasn't a fan of spray tanning until my friend told me about this place.
They do a great job and make everything super easy and fast.
Scheduling appointments is easy because you can do everything online and as far in advance as you want.
And they will send you a reminder via text a day or so before your appointment.
Tehy also remember what tanning level you like so you get a consistent tan each time you go.
You are in and out in 15 minutes.

I have been coming to this studio for years now.
I started when it was The Glo Studio and was so excited to hear that Donna purchased it and it was going to become Arizona Airbrush Studio.
I have never had a bad experience and my tan looks amazing EVERY time!
The ladies are so accommodating and make you feel very comfortable.
I have referred several of my friends to the studio and they are now regulars as well.
Keep up the great work ladies!

Love this place!
The staff is extremely friendly, they are always on time with my appointments.
My color always turns out flawless - even and like I just got back from a vacation (never orangey).
Would recommend this place to anyone.

Best spray tan in AZ.
Professional, great results, and they last!
Easy booking and always on time - in and out with a perfect tan!!

Love the girls @ az airbrush tan~ very professional & make you feel very comfortable!
The 1hr tan solution is awesome!!

As a organic spray tan business owner myself that moved here a few months ago, I was in search of someone that could spray ME with the same high standards I set for my business.
I went to many locations and AZ Airbrush Studio was by far the best I found.
Donna and Jackie are not only pros with their tans but are so professional and accommodating to your schedule.
You cannot beat this place for an in-studio tan as far as pricing and quality are concerned.
You will not be disappointed!

Great place for an airbrush tan!
They are always on time, very professional, know what they're doing, and the products they use give a long-lasting and natural looking tan.
And did I say affordable?
Especially when you take advantage of one of their packages.
This is my go-to place for keeping my endless summer look!

This is the only place I will go to get spray tanned!
They do a great job and are extremely efficient and on time.
I'm evenly tanned and the color looks natural.
Highly recommend it to all my girlfriends

Both girls are SO sweet and I have never had one bad experience!
It is easy to make an appointment online & they are ALWAYS on time!
We have great conversations and it's never awk getting tanned!
I am really happy I found this place & will be going here for a long time :)

This is the best place in Scottsdale to go for spray tans.
I have never had any problems with my tan - They always spray my hands and feet perfectly.
They give you tips on how to care for your tan, without pushing products on you.
They are extremely prompt and on time for appointments - you can expect to be in and out in 15 minutes.
Friendly staff that are great at making you feel comfortable.
AWESOME specials on a regular basis.
Above and Beyond - They called to remind me that my Groupon was close to expiring and encouraged me to book my next appointment.

I love Arizona Airbrush Studio.
I get a great tan in minutes.
It looks natural and lasts at least a week.
I have sensitive skin and this is not at all irritating.
Staff is also very friendly and make you feel comfortable

I have been really pleased with my experience at Arizona Airbursh Studio....
I first came to them after horrid experience with the Versa booth offered at Darque Tan... for $65.00 a month I could get unlimited sprays... maybe 1 of the 10 I tried there actually looked ok....  For $50.00 a month, at Arizona Airbrush, you can have a real person spray you and customize your color!
What could be better?
The price and the unlimited package is what intially drew me to this wonderful place, and what made me stay was the attention to detail and the option for the rapid spray.
The rapid solution allows you to shower in less than 3 hours .... no more wasting 8 hours waiting to shower and have your tan develop!
Jackie & Donna are awesome and I really enjoy their service.
I've recommended it to many friends already and now I recommend it to you!
Kat

I actually found Arizona Airbrush Studio on Yelp!
I felt it was only right to give a review!
Being new to the area it's hard to find good places, which is why I rely on Yelp!
I have nothing but good things to say!
Making appointments are a breeze, the studio is so quaint and welcoming.
The owner did my tan and can I just say she knows what she is doing!
She gets you in and out and makes you feel so comfortable!
I have naturally pale skin and I love my tan dark!
It looked natural and the color lasts!
If you're looking for a place to get a GREAT airbrush tan, this is your place!

This is the best place to go for your tan, the ladies are super friendly and are great at what they do.
I have been coming here for over a year and would highly recommend them.
The prices are reasonable and they offer great deals!

Great place!
My spray tans have always turned out even and the color is natural looking.

I have tried quite a few different spray tan places in the valley and by far Arizona Airbrush is the best!
This is the only place I have gone for tans for the last two years.
Donna is awesome and runs a very organized studio.
Very professional and always friendly customer service.
The website and text and email reminders make it so easy to make appointments.
The package deals are a great value and most importantly my tan always looks perfect and lasts for at least a week to ten days!

Arizona Airbrush Studio is fabulous!
Donna is the best and gives a great, even spray tan.
The packages are affordable and easy to book (online or call).
I would definitely recommend to give it a try..you will not be sorry!

I would highly recommend this place if you want to experience a great, long lasting tan with a wonderful staff!!
The airbrush is a very quick "in and out" experience with a friendly and KNOWLEDGEABLE staff who guide you through the entire process (great for first time airbrushers!).
My tan lasted much longer than other ones I have tried, due to their excellent products and informed instruction that the staff provides on pre and post tanning.
Will definitely be a repeat and continuing customer while recommending to others!
Great job AZ Airbrush!!

This place is great and the only place I have gone to get a spray tan for over a year now.
The people are nice, they are always on time and I am always happy with the results.
I would definitely recommend this place!

I cannot say enough great things about Arizona Airbrush Studio.
I started going here through a Groupon deal a few years back, and haven't been anywhere since.
I was THAT impressed.
Each member of the staff is highly trained and knowledgeable, making anyone with reservations feel at ease.
They're great about helping to choose the right glow for whatever occasion you need a bronzing for (ie.
weddings, beach vacation, etc.).
Plus, there are options for quicker development when you're in a pinch for time.
Super important for people with packed schedules.
Did I mention they use organic product?
Kind of awesome.
My tan always lasts for a week and a half (sometimes longer), and it's always a gradual, even fade when it starts to go away, never splotchy.
The women here are pros, and know how to make their clients look amazing.
I will always be a loyal client to such a wonderful business!

This place does an excellent job with airbrush tans - they are thorough and the color lasts up to two weeks (even with daily showering).
They always have great deals available and you can book appointments online, which is great.

I've visited this tanning studio for the past two years and really enjoy it!
Great service and I feel comfortable with the technician.
The tan is a great quality although on the last visit my skin was more sensitive to the tanning solution than previous visits.
I recommend giving yourself a deep exfoliation before getting the tan.
I think this helps those with more sensitive skin and it seems to last longer.

Best airbrush tan in Scottsdale!
They always go out of their way to squeeze me in last minute!
I won't go anywhere else.

Best airbrush tan in the valley!
I always get a great looking tan here.
Natural looking color and even application.
Not only does it look great but they also offer great specials making it very affordable to tan as often as you like.
love that they now offer a spray that sets within 2 hours.
Great for those times when you need a quick tan!
Ladies are very friendly who work here too.
An all around great place to tan.
I highly recommend!

The staff are always respectful and do an amazing job.
I always feel comfortable in the room and love the tan.
They are awesome.

I heard about Arizona Airbrush from a friend who dances with the Suns.
I figured if a professional dance team uses them, then I could trust my tan would look great.
I'm glad I did, my tan is always perfectly even, the color is great and last longer then other sprays I have had.
I never have a problem getting an appointment due to the super convenient hours!
They staff is also super friendly and professional.
Love this place!

I've sprayed here weekly for the past few years and continue to be very pleased with the friendly service, the convenient location, ease of scheduling appointments and the great package pricing.
The monthly membership is a fantastic deal and best of all, it's not automatically renewed, so you get a lot of flexibility.
I highly recommend Arizona Airbrush Studio!

This place is great!
I was visiting from out of town and looking for a place that could airbrush me.
They were very flexible with their schedule and fit my friend and I in with no problem.
The staff was very friendly, the have great prices, good location, clean place, great hours, & easy to schedule future appointments with this online program.
I was very happy with my results!
I am moving down to Arizona in a couple months and i will go back to their location when im back!

Love getting tanned here!
Super quick and efficient.
Always great to come out looking like a bronzed beauty and ready for the weekend.
Very friendly!

Donna and Jackie are both absolutely amazing.
Professional,  meticulous and yet I feel like I'm hanging out with one of my girlfriends for the 5 minutes I'm in the room with them.
I always get complemented on my tan and if I didn't use that opportunity to about rave about how great they are nobody would ever know I didn't spend my days in the sun inviting skin cancer for a visit.
They are always quick and on time.
They are my go to girls when I need that bronzed glow!!
I've recommended several friends and they have all been as pleased as I have been for over a year!

I have been going here for over 3 years and I am so glad Donna is now the owner-absolutely love going here!
Donna and Jackie are professional, nice, and accommodating.
They also always do a fantastic job.
My tan looks natural, lasts a week or more, and doesn't take long to achieve.
I have been to other places and always come back!

I have been to several other airbrush salons in the Scottsdale area and I think that Arizona Airbrush Studio is by far the best of them all!!
Donna makes you feel very comfortable and is very educated about the product.
I have a little bit lighter skin color and was very nervous my first time going, but she took the time to answer all of my silly questions and concerns :)  I would recommend showing up early to your appointments - she moves very quickly but efficiently.
The color that they use is very pretty - I have never had a bad color or any streaking!
Try them out!

This studio was recommended by a friend.
I had a great first experience and have been back many times.
The color coverage is always thorough and long lasting.
Great product and friendly service!

I love this place!
Hands down beats any mystic tan you can possible get out there.
You get a perfectly even tan and it lasts quite a long time.
Donna is who I see and she is definitely great at her craft.
I used to have a person come to my house and spray tan me and when they decided to close their "side" business I was stuck and didn't know where to go.
I am beyond pleased I have found Arizona Airbrush Studio, Super impressed - I recommend this place to everyone looking.

I've been coming here since I lived in New Mexico and would come out to Phx for a quick vacay.
(About 3 yrs.
) Once I moved here I tried a different place by my apt.
which didn't even compare to the quality, price, and customer service you receive at AZ Airbrush Studio.
Very quick and easy natural looking tan.
You never have to worry about looking dirty or like a oompa loompa at this place!
Check deals on living social, groupon, yelp etc.
And sign up for e-mail notifications to receive awesome deals!

The ONLY place I will trust for the best spray tan in town!

I have had several spray tans at many different places and this place is by far my favorite.
Staff has always been friendly and quick.
Great color and the longest lasting tans I've ever had.
I also have never experienced any missed spots or unevenness like I have at some other places.
It's far for me to come here but definitely worth it when I want to look my best for an event.

Just had my first tan from Jackie here!
Not my first spray tan but you know what I mean.
She was soooo nice and professional and knew exactly what she was doing with the spray gun.
My favorite part was that they don't nickel and dime you for dumb stuff like disposable undies or exfoliating puffs.
I would recommend them to any cheater who wants to look fresh off the beach without worrying about wrinkles from the tanning bed.
Also there was a guy coming out when I went in who looked very naturally light bronze.
Guys, don't be afraid, you don't look good pale either!

I love this place!
I drive from North Scottsdale to Old Town and pass many other airbrush salons along the way, because this place is the best.
Donna is very personable and great at what she does.
She really goes out of her way to understand exactly the look you are going for.
The rates are also very reasonable.
I won't go to anyone else.

Love this place!
Donna has sprayed me MANY times including for my wedding & makes the perfect tan.
She's super sweet & makes you feel comfortable.
I personally like to be very dark & the multiple other spray tan salons I visited never get me as dark as I like, but Donna always gets me the perfect color!
I used to live near this salon, but moved & drive 30 min to get sprayed here.
I definitely recommend, coming from someone that's tried every tanning product under the sun!

AZ Airbrush is the best and this is coming from a VERY PICKY client!
Donna & Jackie make you feel so comfortable and it doesn't feel like a CHORE to go in and get sprayed... easy, quick, affordable and beautiful tans to boot!
Check em out, you won't regret it!

I got referred to Arizona Airbrush Studio by all my girlfriends that work in the Industry!
They are super professional, and flexible with appointments.
It was my first spray tan and I was surprised how long the color lasted!
I was nervous it would rub off but I didn't have that problem.
Overall quick process and long lasting beautiful color.
I already scheduled my next appointment.

I had a great experience here!
I am super fair and have terribly dry and sensitive skin.
Donna was great!
With one quick look at me and a few questions about my reason to get tan (Vegas trip), she knew the right color and treatments for me.
I chose the 100% Organic spray and love that the smell was not as intense as the normal kind.
The extra sealer she put on is definitely worth the extra few dollars.
It makes a huge difference.
All in all, I had a great experience and I will definitely be back!
Probably more than for just a special occasion.
One tip...parking is kind of tough.
So get there early to park,

Staff is super friendly and makes you feel totally comfortable, they give you the level of tan you request and I've been happy with all my tans.
Highly recommend.

My favorite spray tan studio!
I am an aesthetician and refer my clients to Arizona Airbrush Studio for the best and healthiest looking tan!
My tan always last 7 days and fades away naturally after about 10 days.
I love this tan and these girls are the best!

Ive been going here since before Donna took over when it was Studio Glo (the business is in much better hands now).
Every time I have left as a happy and satisfied customer.
Donna and her staff are incredibly professional and always seek to have amazing results!
Each staff member makes you feel very comfortable and customizes each tan to the color you prefer.
I always get a ton of compliments on my tans after and the prices are very reasonable as well.
Go here before anywhere else!!

I've been going to Arizona airbrush for over 6 months now and I've never been more happy with my tanning services.
My tan always looks great and I have sensitive skin, it never makes me break out.
On top of it Jackie is always so accommodating of my difficult schedule, she always gets me in or has a good alternative  for me knowing how hectic my life is.
On top of it she's like my therapist!
I look forward to my tanning sessions each and every time!
I would give this place 10 stars if I could

Hands down, this is the BEST spray tan out there!!!!
I am here almost every week for the past three years!
The girls are always accommodating to my busy schedule and to make it even easier I have a standing appointment!
My tan always looks natural and never orange.
Jackie and Donna are the very best!!!
I am constantly referring people to them!
I highly recommend Arizona Airbrush!
I would be lost without these two beautiful women!

I came to Scottsdale to visit before I moved here and found this place for a last min airbrush.
I was so impressed with the tan and the customer service that when I moved here I started coming regularly.
I now have been coming to Arizona airbrush for 7 plus months now and wouldn't think twice about going somewhere else.
Jackie is the best!
Jackie knows her product and does the best airbrush tans, they don't turn out orange or streaky at all!
It's a clean place, friendly, great customer service, and also have great prices!
I highly recommend Arizona Airbrush for anyone in need of a tan!

Donna was amazing!!!
She was so helpful, as this was my first spray tan and I had no idea what to expect or what color I wanted.
The entire time I was coached by her and she even gave me two samples of color extenders to help keep the tan longer.
Highly recommended!

Was very nervous to try an Airbrush Tan for the first time.
Harley made me feel so comfortable, and she did an awesome job.
Thanks!
Would definitely recommend to anyone that is hesitant.

Love this place!
Donna & Jackie are Great!!
Get tons of compliments on my tan & it's never orangey or smelly!
Covers up all the little "flaws" which is pretty cool when you're one of the whitest people in AZ!!

Kudos to Donna, Jackie and the gang!
You will love the service you get!!!

Went here yesterday for an airbrush and it was great!
Donna is awesome.
She's friendly and does a great job.
I will be doing back for a monthly unlimited package soon.

As a fair skinned freckled girl, I know what I'm getting into anytime I do a spray tan, whether it's a booth or airbrush.
I have to say that this is one of the better experiences that I've had.
The lady that sprayed me (can't remember her name, but I think she is the owner) was very helpful both with scheduling and with helping me to feel comfortable while standing naked in front of her!
She explained everything really well and I felt like she really knew what she was doing.
Everyone else that was waiting in the waiting room also raved about this place!
When all was said and done though, it wasn't the best looking tan.
I asked for a light tan and while I think she used the lightest mixture available, it was still shockingly dark for the first 2-3 days.
I wouldn't say that there were any streaks, but there were some spots on my calves where the solution seeped into my pores more and made that part of my leg look darker (I deleted a star for that reason because I think she over-sprayed that area a bit).
I had done everything I could before hand to make sure this didn't happen-lots of exfoliating, no oils, no moisturizers, etc.
etc.
I am giving 4 stars because it was a good experience at the salon, but I also think anyone with a fair complexion needs to take caution... don't blame it on the company or the person that sprayed me...I think she did her job really well.
I just think there really are no great tanning options for someone with fair skin and sadly this place wasn't an exception to that rule.

