When my previous landscape maintenance guys retired several months ago, my neighbor recommended that I try Torres Landscaping.
I've been very pleased with their service.
They are reliable, reasonably priced, and very good at what they do.
I don't have grass, but do have lots of shrubs and trees that are constantly shedding leaves and need trimming.
None of my previous landscapers would get the leaf litter out from all the nooks and crannies in the yard.
But Adrian and his crew get it all, and my yard looks so much better!
They will do most any landscaping job, including complete renovation, tree planting and fertilizing and trimming, sprinkler and drip systems, gravel, sod maintenance, winter rye grass, and curbing.
They did a great job trimming my big, old eucalyptus tree for a very reasonable price.
Somehow they were able to do it without damaging any of the shrubs and plants beneath it.
They've also fixed some leaks in my drip system that I didn't know I had.
If you are looking for excellent landscape maintenance at an affordable price, I highly recommend Torres Landscaping.
I'm located in Tempe, but they will service any part of the Phoenix area.

I had let my yard go and needed some work done to get it back in shape.
Adrian did just that and more for a good price.
He did such a good job that I have them come every two weeks now.

Adrian did a great job cleaning up my yard after our tenant moved out.
The before and after is amazing!
He even fixed our sprinkler lines.
He is coming back monthly to maintain our yard.
We are very happy with his work!

Adrian did a great job on cleaning my backyard.
Pulled up all the grass an raked the yard nice.. Will call him for future jobs!

While I enjoy doing my own landscaping, I was having a house warming party and I wanted to impress my guests.
After looking online for landscapers in Tempe, I came across Adrian on Yelp!
After reading the reviews I decided to give him a shot.
Let me just say that I am impressed!
I thought that I did a great job, but after he was done, I realized that somethings are just left best to the pros!
He showed up on time and delivered!
Well done!

