If you like records, then you'll like this shops!
It's exactly as the name says, a record store!
Filled with rows of old records, this store is your one-stop-shop to records.
The records are in good condition and they have several unique ones to choose from.
I'm not a record connoisseur by any means but I can tell that the quality of records here are top notch and should I ever need a record, I'll know where to go!
Meow it's your turn to visit!

Great for the distinctive collector looking for the strange and bizarre.
The Record Room has a great collection of Punk, Surf, Rockabilly, Blues and more.
The walls adorned with hard to find 45's and a cool selection of T's.
Super helpful and always willing to make a deal.
Great place to sell your vinyl too.
Check 'em out!

What a cool friendly little place!

While Record Room is a fairly small store, they had a great selection of albums.
The gentleman manning the store was super friendly and knew what the store had to offer.
He was super hands-on and suggested a few records based on what we chose.
We ended up spending quite a bit of time here and picked up a few great albums.
And the most awesome part was that he just threw in the $1 records we chose - love supporting locally-owned, independent businesses.

Great store.
All the vinyl was reasonably priced and in great shape.
Really nice staff to boot.
Highly recommended!

I'm fairly new to the whole world of vinyl (if my early years spent sorting and cataloging all the pretty covers of my parent's rather large collection don't count that is) but I've made it a point to try and hit all the local stores in the valley and one each place I have traveled too since finally getting my feet wet.
The number one thing I like about the Record Room is that it is hands down the most convient location for me, and I don't have to plan a day in PHX every single time I want to browse for jams.
While that is not really something that the business does, I would be lyin if I didn't say when I saw that there was a closer spot in a Yelp search that I didn't throw a Tiger style fist pump.
The next thing I like about it is, while it might be fairly small they have incredible selection.
I have a pretty long list of the titles I knew I wanted out of the gate and I have found more of them in here than at any of the other spots I've hit up.
It leads me to assume they rotate stock pretty quickly and don't just take anything and everything to have a shop bursting with options and as a result it makes their inventory more approachable.
Additionally, since it is on the smaller side the guy working almost always can tell me something along the lines of "oh yeah we have one of those in the new area, let me see..... this pile, ah yes.. here you go" and boom.
Getting lost in stack upon stack hunting for rare gems certainly has its own lure, but there is something to be said for the sense of accomplishment of finding something fairly efficiently.
The other notable thing about the Record Room in my mind is the consistent quality of the titles I pick up, and their very fair pricing.
I also happened to wander in on National Record Day and the fact that they took the time to have donuts/coffee outside for the people waiting, brought in extra records in the back porch area to make it even more worth people's time, and were stilllll able to know what they had/take time to answer questions in a fairly hectic environment is what bumps this spot up to 5 stars for me.
It might not be the most amazing record store of all time, in some super dope setting, but I'm a sucker for a business that actually seems to give a damn.

I don't buy records or own a record player.
But I bought a t-shirt here a while back.
It was incredibly soft and comfortable (and it still is).
It has the "Record Room" logo and a picture of a man on the front.
I imagine I will be wearing this shirt for a very long time.
Kudos for your soft shirts.

Visiting the area, and saw this place as its not too far from my hotel.
Decided to stop in and check it out.
It's small, mostly used inventory, though there is a section of all new releases.
Good rock, 80s, and jazz sections.
The clerk was busy reorganizing, but still was able to recognize and greet us, as well as answer all our questions.
Had some nice finds (Frank Zappa - Hot Rats!).
Ultimately, I felt welcome and had fun digging.
If I was a local, I'd be checking this place out regularly.
I'll be sure to check in next time in the area.

This place is top notch.
Very helpful and knowledgable staff.
They let you listen to any record before you buy and they are priced way lower than any other store on the Valley.

Not the best selection, but overall decent condition records for what they do have.
Worth stopping in to check out from time to time.

A good small record store.
The staff was cool and the type you would want at a local record shop.
For its size the selection of music offerings is pretty good too.
There appeared to be a lot of jazz records.
I look mainly for punk and other rock 'n' roll records.
It was somewhat lacking in that department but I did score a nice vinyl compilation of Swiss punk bands from the late 70s & early 80s.
I know it's not what people go to record shops for but they have an awesome Record Room t-shirt with Andre the Giant on it.
That made my day and was well worth a purchase.
I look forward to coming here again in the not too distant future and see if I can't pull another worthy LP out of their selection.

Walked in a 5:45, saw sign on door closing at 6.
Was visiting from out of town - 15 minutes not nearly enough time to feed my vinyl obsession.
I asked how much time I had: Manager's response:  Take all the time you want, this is a record store, no worries.
He stayed until 7, never a complaint, never a push to leave, all the while playing some vinyl that I asked to hear before purchasing.
Oh, and the selection - fantastic.
Hard to find, great condition, very reasonable prices, don't be fooled by the small store size, it has more than stores 3-4 times its size.
I make a habit of visiting records stores when I travel, have been to a lot - this one is at the top of the list.
The Record Room is golden.

Awesome!
The most knowledgable and best place to buy and sell records I have found in Arizona.
The staff is great to help find what I needed.
I highly recommend them and will frequent them again.

Excellent spot.
Three 45's for $1, large patio outside with $1 records wall to wall.
Great titles in jazz, rock and soul in very good condition for prices much less than what you'd fnd in california.
Owner was cool, allowed me to use my portable turntaable and threw on 3 feet high & rising for good measure.
I also found Tom Tom Club's Genius Of Love 12" long version, super clean for $1 in the new arrivals among many other treats.
Please support this business.

Thought it was worth an update to mention:  They have $1 records on the back porch that you can spend some serious time sorting thru if that blows up your skirt, they sell new and used record players, storage options, tapes (yes, tapes a la the 90s) & some interesting merchandise.
This store keeps getting better, with the same helpful guy at the register.
Fantastic.

This is like an 80's style record shop, so this immediately made me feel at home.
The staff was helpful and knowledgable and was impressed that the guy I spoke to asked questions about something I didn't know about (a rare quality with music snobs).
Great selection of LP's!
Will continue to drop in!

I have been shopping at the Record Room since it opened.
This store is a very welcome addition to Scottsdale and provides a great alternative to the other shops in the east valley.
The prices are very reasonable, and I have seen some impressive collections sold in the store.
They let store customers have first chance to buy the collectible stuff too, instead of going to eBay first like some stores in town.
I mainly go for the used vinyl, but they also have new vinyl, CDs, DVDs, turntables, and even some music-related books and magazines for sale.
If you are a record collector or a music fan, the Record Room is well worth a visit.

I dig how small this place is.
I felt super comfortable sitting on the floor and digging through the bargain bins.
Everything is priced well.
They had a decent selection for being a small shop, and when I asked about a specific artist, they recommended I follow them on Facebook, where they would absolutely list any of his albums they got it.
I'll certainly be back on a regular basis.

