Great selection of yogurt flavors, very clean, and friendly staff.
Om nom nom!!
I will be back again.. especially since it is next door to Chipotle.

The yogurt was great and the two girls where very helpful and polite

Lots of different choices of flavors and a huge amount of toppings and sauces.
The staff was super friendly.
There was not much seating inside so luckily when we visited it was dark outside so we were able to sit outside without being uncomfortable from the heat.

Yummy frozen yogurt and lots of fun toppings to choose from.
I had sticker shock when the bill for 4 yogurts rang up at $25!!!
I was a bit disappointed that you have to pay 50 cents extra for whip cream and then they put in on before weighing your cup.
Feel like I am double paying for it.
We went back again with the kids report cards so they could get a free yogurt up to $2.50.
Two of my kids had super small ones and my sons was just small.
I ended up having to pay a buck and some change for my sons.
Looking forward to going in PJ's on a Wednesday night for 1/2 off.
That might make it more reasonably priced.

Love coming to this froyo place on this side of town.
Most of the time they have great flavors but today they had the basic vanilla and chocolate, fruity pebbles, peach sorbet,  salty caramel, root beer float and a couple others.
Can we maybe get a coconut in there?!
Or something else normal, stop trying with all these fancy flavors!
Also, would love if they added some brownie bites or cookie dough bites to the toppings... Just a thought.
Always a clean place!

Such a great place to walk in and walk out with a sweet treat!
Horchata flavored Yogurt???
OMG so awesome!
Love the topping bar and so satisfied every time I've visited...

This is a place where your tastebuds could just run wild.
Wellllll, let's face it, tastebuds AND waistlines run a'muck in this froyo smorgasbord!
You walk in here and they set you up for failure.... the first choice you have to make is super large cup or extra-super large cup for your froyo.
From there, proceed to the line of froyo machines.
They have about 12 different flavors of creamy cold froyo to choose from.
Oh, don't forget to grab the little sample cups!
Try out a flavor or three.
My favorite being the salted caramel, I head straight for that machine.
Once you have your froyo in your super-sized bowl, you head for the toppings... Yaaay!
More calories to top off that super-sized bowl of tasty frozen awesomeness!
Now you have your toppings, head on over to the scale and get it weighed.
.49 per ouce!
Yikes... you just spent $6 on 1500 calories worth of good food.
Best $6 you'll ever spend.
Make sure you come back and do it again!

