Randomly googled for a moving company for my recent relocation.
Arizona Brothers was in the middle of where i was located and where I was moving to.
So I called.
Very personable and professional on the phone.
Honest about their rates so I put the deposit down and booked the day.
William and the other guy as I just drew a complete blank and can't remember his name did a great job.
Very personable talked and chatted with them throughout the move without slowing down or missing a beat.
Total move time was only about 5 hours and that was including a very short break they took.
So in conclusion Two Guys moved an entire house worth of stuff took a short break to get a drink and catch their breath and the one who shall remain nameless took a good hit ( I saw it happen) from a runaway piece of exercise equipment and they still finished in 5 hours.
So far I haven't even seen a scratch or dent or any damage what so ever on anything they moved.
wrapped the tvs in cardboard and didn't cost extra per TV like others I won't mention.

I recently used Arizona Brothers Moving Company to move me from one place to another.
I was very pleased and highly recommend this family owned business.
I originally found this company on craigslist and i was a little skeptical at first because of all the scams u hear about other moving company.
These fellas were very professional, honest,  and had a great sense of humor.
I have my found my moving company for the near future.
Thanks fellas

Horrible company..had a move scheduled for sun..they couldn't due sat so was able to push my move out date by a day.
Called to see where they were and they had me scheduled for the next week.
No other trucks and all he would say was this was unfortunate.. Are you kidding me???
My last day to move and now you're telling me that you don't even have me scheduled!!
!...horrible horrible experience

I am a recent college grad with 2 working (still in college) roommates.
In the past few years I have moved 3 or 4 times and I have always done it myself - meaning with the help of my friends and family and some borrowed vehicles.
Every time I have to move it is such a chore and there is a huge checklist of  things that the renter needs done as well.
To add to that one of my roommates was going to be working half of the weekend and the other one recently had surgery and couldn't lift much weight.
Our move wasn't far, only going from Tempe to Scottsdale, but I sure as heck did not want to drive 30 minutes round trip 50 times to get everything moved.
It was so exhausting the last time.
And in the summer, fuhgeddaboutit!
Long story short, I called Arizona Brothers and they were willing and able to work with our schedule.
I am very OCD / picky / anal retentive about certain things - especially my belongings.
Luckily they were very courteous and professional and got the job done FAST.
I couldn't believe how little energy I had expended to move our whole apartment (my roommate is basically a hoarder) and I had plenty left in me  to get most of it unpacked the same day.
Thanks Arizona Brothers for saving my back and keeping me from going insane!

Absolutely the best moving company I have ever used in Arizona.
They moved my whole apartment from start to finish in an hour and a half.
The guys were very professional and knowledgable.
I have had bad experiences with movers in the past and I am very grateful for the excellent job these guys did.
They didn't waste time or mishandle anything.
Thank you!

Moving is always dreadful, to top it off I was recovering from major surgery and dreading my task at hand.
I was nervous as my fav movers were nowhere to be found (possibly back in their homeland?
) Yelp to the rescue!
Beginning with a friendly, efficient & professional phone call with Rich and ending with handshakes and thank you(s) from the awesome crew - my move went extremely smooth.
I was in a bind as I wanted to move quickly (break-up with the bf) and was able to complete my mission in a simple two day span.
The crew was quick, courteous and caring; while taking great care to pack my previous and abundant belongings carefully.
I have to say, my move was a pleasant experience; kinda makes me want to do it again -NOT!!!
These guys will be saved in my phone as "best movers ever"!!!
Thank you AZ Brothers!

Fantastic!
They were punctual and amazingly kind and friendly.
They took great care with our belongings and were reasonably priced.
I've never had a move go so smoothly!

Arizona Brothers sent a 3-man crew to take care of my recent move from a house to an apartment.
They made a difficult day so much more tolerable.
They were kind and friendly and worked hard and fast.
They were very careful with my furniture and with my freshly painted apt walls.
I recommend Arizona Brothers highly!

I hate moving more than I hate almost anything else in life.
These guys made my move almost effortless and bearable.
Would definitely call them again.
There were no hidden fees or surprises at the end.
I paid what I was quoted.

I'm always a bit scared when it comes to moving companies, as I've had some previously terrible experiences...
BUT... these guys were AWESOME!!!!!
3 of them got everything out of my messy/packed full condo into storage and another apt in exactly 4 hours including commute (and elevator/irritating condo staff limiting their use/time).
Everything was taken care of, they were honest and up front about all costs... which is also RARE, and AMAZING.
Their price was very fair, especially for 3 guys!
I did read another review that says they charge a bit extra for credit card use and this is TRUE.
However, as a small business owner I can appreciate the want to not be charged an arm and a leg for credit card processing.
They take cash and checks no problemo (and cards - but like I said, a reasonable fee goes along with it).
All of my things were wrapped up nicely, they were very efficient with their time/guys/materials, and they got to and from locations quickly and safely.
On top of it all they were very personable as well.
Many thanks to previous Yelpers that greatly influenced my decision to use these guys.
And last but not least, thanks so much to Tim and Mike (and there was a 3rd gentleman  I didn't talk to much).
You made what can be a hectic day/time super easy and hassle-free.
High five!

