Awesomely incredible ass-kicking workout!
They have a super nice staff and specials going on until their January 3rd grand opening!
I just paid $79 for 8 sessions a month - regular $99.
And they have Groupon specials once in a while (like $29 for 4 sessions or $99 for 10) so watch for those.
Now let's get something straight: I'm not a fitness buff by any means.
I am 40 pounds overweight, I have two blown knees, a bad back, an old shoulder injury, and asthma.
I kept up with the hour long workout at my own pace, wasn't pushed beyond my capability or made to feel bad when I had to modify my regimen, and I actually finished out the class.
They are doing a free class NYE and all day January 2nd!
They are next to the old Cork N' Cleaver on 44th Street and Camelback so check them out!

Amazing!!
I was looking for something different than the same old big box gyms.
The energy from the trainers is enough to make you want to power through anything and not to mention the others in the class make you feel that you have to do it or you'll look like a wimp!
You leave the class feeling like you just had your but kicked but in a good way.
The staff is wonderful from the front desk, trainers, as well as the owner Bobby.
They are never too busy so answer your questions or address your concerns!
Some of the trainers that I've experienced are Kristen who always gives you a challenge and keeps things interesting, Brian has a attention for detail and kicks your butt with abs, Marissa always challenges me with her circuit and has a sweet approach, Bobby will just plain kick your butt and is definitely a motivator.
All in all they are all amazing trainers and will motivate you to reach your goals.
A special shout out to the front desk for always being helpful, polite, and eager to answer your questions with a smile.
Thank you Orange Theory for giving me something other than a big box gym!!

I feel like I'm dead at the end of every work out..
It's great!
I wish the location was a little closer to my house, but the drive is worth it and the hallway is a little cramped to walk through during high volume hours.
Otherwise I'm definitely a fan.

Been doing OTF for 2 years now and I LOVE it!
I have gone down  3 dress sizes!
Mike s THE BEST trainer ever.
He helps you with your diet and what to do on your days off too!
Do this workout...it will change your life!

Inflexible management that charged me for an additional month of membership AFTER I submitted my cancellation paperwork.
We were moving to the opposite side of Phoenix where there are currently no locations, so I cancelled as soon as we had a closing date - - it was a little more than 3 weeks notice (instead of four) and the owner refused to refund the extra month because we weren't currently living in the new residence.
I'm really disappointed that the management wasn't as stand-out as the training staff.

I came with a friend who had a free trial pass for me to use.
I was interested in checking this place out and giving it a shot.
But with any workout establishment, there were some pro's and con's here.
Some positives were that it was quick and easy to sign the beginning paperwork, it is in a nice area of Scottsdale at the foot of Camelback mountain, and they have fun and unusual equipment, like Water Rowers.
Also, I like the idea of putting your heartrate and calories on the big screen for everyone to see, it keeps you more accountable.
The big red flag for me was that about 3/4 of the way into the workout I felt super dizzy and like I was going to throw up.
I went to the restroom, but didn't end up barfing.
(TMI,sorry) I got no acknowledgement from the instructor when I came back in.
No workout should be so fast-paced or difficult that there's no time to stop and ask someone how they are doing.
I get the whole concept, and in general I like it.
I just think that I should have been warned to pace myself more in the beginning.
The bonus is that I burned a ton of calories and ran 2 miles, plus lifted a lot of weights.
I am proud of myself for that, but I don't think I'll come back.

Love this workout.
This location is clean, friendly, encouraging and convenient.
I wish there were a real shower area since there is only one, and seems like no one uses it and I'd feel awkward.
No real issues or concerns.
Tip is to book as early as you can as they do book up.

Watch out for hidden fees and horrible customer service.
At no point was it stated that I was purchasing a "monthly membership" during the purchasing process, nor was it stated that there was a $30 fee just to sign up!
The manager blamed his lack of returning phone calls on his staff....I tried contacting him directly 3 times!
I would never recommend a facility that is this poorly run to anyone.

I tried OT as a way to keep my workouts interesting during the summer and have LOVED it.
The workouts are intense but can be paced to each persons' ability, each day is different and every trainer brings their own style to the mix, the heart rate feedback is a fun way to check on your intensity and results.
I never get bored of the workouts, I really enjoy the staff and the fitness results have been fantastic.
I wouls recommend OT to anyone looking for a great, motivating workout routine.

Two words: I'm addicted.
I've been coming to OTF for about 6 months now, and I literally don't know what I'd do without it.
Every single trainer is knowledgable and friendly (at least outside of class).
Once class starts they really kick your butt!
They all know how to motivate you to do your absolute best so you leave every workout feeling energized and drenched in sweat.
When I first started OTF I had been going to a kickboxing gym for about a year thinking that was the hardest workout ever.
Then I finished my first workout here and thought I'd actually died and gone to workout heaven.
My body feels better than ever, I have muscles I never knew existed, and my heart is actually conditioned, which has always been an issue for me.
Emily is an awesome trainer, Bryan kicks your booty, and Eric... Well let's just say I have a very strong love-hate relationship with his classes.
And now I have to end this review because I'm off to my Saturday class!

Great workout.
Hate going to class but man, do I feel great afterwards.
This is the best and most efficient workout for 60 minutes.
They make sure you get at least 50-55 minutes of a QUALITY hard core regime but its cool that you can go to your own pace and not feel stupid.
Half cardio and half strength training.
Like the trainers and the front desk staff too.

I've been going to OTF for a few months now.
Love this workout!
You feel like you've accomplished a lot by the end of your hour.
And it's much more do-able than other workouts I've done, like Crossfit.
I'm kind of a cardio junkie, and this place is great for that.
Base.
Push.
All Out.
Repeat!

Orange Theory is a place that kicks your ass and you like it!
The trainers here are knowledgeable and help you push yourself.
The facility is clean and there is usually plenty of parking.
It is a little pricier than your normal gym, but I guarantee you will push yourself harder and see results faster at this place.

I tried this gym for the first time and I loved it.
They do totally push you until you want to barf but if you want a great workout I would definitely recommend this place.
You wear a heart rate monitor and it tells you how you are doing by the second on a big screen.
The amount of time you're supposed to be in each zone is a little confusing but the trainers are always willing to discuss your results at the end.
Some trainers are better than others but I've only had two and I enjoyed class with both of them.

I've always had a good workout here and wanted to share this experience with my sister whose husband is a fighter pilot in the Air Force.
Upon asking if they offer any discounts for military, I was quickly denied.
It's a $25 drop in few for her, which is quite high for a family living on a military salary.
I figured this was worth sharing as most businesses appreciate military families and the sacrifices they all make for us.
Apparently that is not the case here and that is extremely disappointing.
We weren't asking for a free workout, just the normal rate for members ($12 a class) and it would have been only 1 or 2 classes.

Devon pushed me to have almost 10 minutes in the orange zone.
I think the zones are a bit higher than they need to be sometimes and it gets harder and harder to hit those zones the more fit you get/the more you go.
Remember that the zones are based on an average person's heart and if you have a better or worse heart, your results will reflect that.
The treadmill doesn't even get me to orange anymore and I feel like I'm not doing well but my fitness is improving each time.

They've added belly, this points accumulating key card that's free where you can get to do things and get free stuff when you get a certain amount of points.
One of them was to choose the playlist/bring your own to the class and another was to make your instructor do 10 burpees.
I thought if everyone won that and got the instructor to do 10 burpees in one class...but I'm a little evil sometimes.
I really do want to win one of their cute tank tops though.
They have also remodelled the bathrooms since my last review and they removed the box of emergency tampons from the women's bathroom which is unfortunate.
It has become much busier since my first review so make sure you book online at least a few days in advance!
Remember to ask for the family discount if anyone you are related to goes as well:)  Keep fit and have fun!

They've added belly, this points accumulating key card that's free where you can get to do things and get free stuff when you get a certain amount of points.
One of them was to choose the playlist/bring your own to the class and another was to make your instructor do 10 burpees.
I thought if everyone won that and got the instructor to do 10 burpees in one class...but I'm a little evil sometimes.
I really do want to win one of their cute tank tops though.
They have also remodelled the bathrooms since my last review and they removed the box of emergency tampons from the women's bathroom which is unfortunate.
It has become much busier since my first review so make sure you book online at least a few days in advance!
Remember to ask for the family discount if anyone you are related to goes as well:)  Keep fit and have fun!

Eric the owner is a great guy who does the right thing.
I have had to take some time off, but plan on coming back to the fabulous trainers & workout at the Arcadia location.
Hghly recommend.
Thank you Eric.

Just had my first class with Marisa.
She is also great.
A very different style of teaching.
She is all about the positive reinforcement.
I loved it when she (tried to) say my name and tell me I was doing great for being in the orange zone so quickly.
Ps everyone it's pronounced k-ear-sten not kursten...Bryan

