Love this place!
The store mascot greets you as you walk in if he's there.
They're are very educated and helpful about everything when you ask about.
They take the time out to make sure to answer your questions and make suggestions to help your dog :).
It is a bit pricey but that is what to expect when it comes to natural dog foods.
Since Ive started my dog on one of their popular brands, he hasn't has another seizure.

I love that the store is small and has exactly what I need.
I started coming here after Petsmart and the store staff was very helpful when picking a new dog food for my dog.
They even told me which food has a loyality reward program.
And if they don't have something you are looking for they will order it or give you the name or web address of someone who does.

This is not your typical pet store like PetCo and Petsmart.These staff are Friendly, Knowledgeable and Helpful, while not being pushy.
These guys really know their stuff and want to help you.
They have a wide variety of quality products.
No treats made in China here!
Like a small well run quality business they have a little of everything and some of it is pretty pricey but your getting great quality and excellent service!
I have no doubt they will happily order it if they don't carry it.
They also work with Pammy's 2nd Chance Rescue, hosting them every Saturday.
Did I mention they will carry big items out and load your car?
Don't see that kind of service much anymore.

What a great shop.
Huge selection of quality food and treats and all your other dog and cat needs.
Stopped in for the first time today as I don't live in this part of Goodyear and was very impressed with the friendly and knowledgeable staff.

Hands down best place for pet needs on the west side.
The manager is extremely friendly, has a wealth of knowledge, and incredibly helpful.
Even helped me find some ticks in my puppy & explained DIY vaccinations, gave experienced advice on how to care for pup and older dogs.
They've got a better selection of QUALITY treats and toys than either major chain and frequently have items 50% off.
Also stock hard to find food.
This is one of those places that every time you come in, you can tell you matter, and they care.
Bottom line is it's incredibly hard to find any business anymore that you can tell loves what they do, excels at service and knowledge and can help more than you knew you needed.
Thanks for setting an example of how a small business should be.

