I was so excited to see a new French Bakery come to the neighborhood.
I found my new favorite hangout for coffee and pastry.
YUM!!!
It did not disappoint.
And, the employees are so nice.
Welcome, La Belle Terre...thanks for tempting my taste buds.
I can't wait to come in for lunch.

My husband and I purchased a Buche de Noel to take as a gift on Christmas Day to family members.
My husband, being French was delighted with it as it was just as wonderful as one he would have gotten from his local patisserie back home.
We also purchased a sourdough batard to serve with dinner.
All we can say here is  On mange très bien a chez La Belle Terre"

Having gone here only once so far, I did what I usually do at a new bakery: I get one of almost everything.
I don't remember everything I got, but I will say what is still floating around in this goldfish brain of mine.
They had pecan and chocolate chip cookies they said were good sellers.
I can see why.
They weren't super moist, but they were pretty tasty.
The "apple turnover" was exactly what you'd expect.
They had these little sponge-cake-filled-with-custard-bites which were not revolutionary but still fun to eat.
A pretty apricot cookie had subtle but satisfying fruitiness mixed with a crunchy French cookie exterior.
The chocolate croissant was... a decent chocolate croissant!
The baguette had that satisfying artisan/"authentic" look to it: hard exterior, particular cuts in the dough to make it rise a certain way, and give it that "I want to eat it" look.
As for their sandwiches - just don't.
You're buying about $7-8 worth of bread with a dismal amount of ingredients inside.
Just don't.
Go next door to Paymon's if you're hungry.
Although, not the absolute best, but definitely a step above most bakeries - and that is refreshing.
They seem to really be trying.
One detail that really stood out about the pastries was that none were too sweet - at all!
Huge points for this.
I'll definitely be back here to give a more thorough review as they develop more as well.

I've only come twice but they ran out of the Brioche French Toast both times :(!
Apparently, they only made 2 per day or something.
Why can't they make more?
:((  However, what I have tried have all been pretty good, save for the eclair with the vanilla filling (they ran out of the chocolate ones).
The French Chocolat Twist was surprisingly better than anticipated.
The two sandwiches I got were better than I anticipated because I'm not a cheese person and yet I still enjoyed them.
WHAT I'VE TRIED: Croque Monsieur $7.50 Vanilla eclair $3.50 French Chocolat Twist $2.70 Breakfast Sandwich $3.95 -- ciabatta with ham, Swiss cheese, and one egg omelet  They also have Peet's Coffee.

Here's another rare neighborhood gem.
We tried their quiche lorraine, blueberry twist, chocolate croissant, and almond galette.
While the pastry items were warm, fresh, and delicious, the quiche was only so-so for us.
They seemed a bit slow and disorganized at opening time.
None of the items were labeled, nor had prices.
Nevertheless, we will definitely return to try their other pastries, but will pass on their quiche.

I can't give La Belle Terre he full five stars yet, but I hope to go back and get some of their wonderful looking pastries!
Wow!
What a sight!!
I stopped in to check the place out and to get a few dinner rolls.
I got a half dozen mini ciabatta rolls.
We had two of the rolls with dinner this tonight and they're quite good and just what I wanted!
I think I put on an extra pound just ogling the pastries in the case!
I think they were about to call Metro and report me.
Service was very quick and very friendly.
Again, I thank my fellow Yelperazzi for letting me in on this secret.
I didn't know what was behind the big sign I saw going west on Sahara.
Now I'll be parked under that sign numerous times to come.
The place also helps with your mental ability--in fact it has made me a bit clairvoyant.
I foresee me doing lunch here very soon!
C'est si bon!

Pros: The food is alright.
Cons: Poor customer service, slow, ran out of soup du jour and pesto sauce by 1pm.
My story:  My first time to Le Belle Terre, I decided on some baked goods to go and the soup du jour and quiche to eat there.
When it was my turn to order I picked out my baked goods and I was about to order my meal, when a man walked up and started talking directly to the cashier that was taking my order.
The man told the cashier he'd like to order the soup du jour.
The cashier diverted his attention from me to the man (with out an "excuse me" or the like), took the man's order, and charged the man.
When the cashier reverted his attention back to me, (without even acknowledging what had just happened) I said I would like to order the soup.
He said that he was sorry but the last of the soup had just been ordered.
I asked him if it had been ordered by the man that had rudely interrupted my order and he answered "I guess so".
Appalled, I decided to go with the rustic sandwich and no quiche.
As I awaited my order, the same cashier approached me and said they were all out of the pesto sauce that came on the rustic sandwich.
The sauces available for substitute were mayo and dijon.
Seeing as I dislike both, I took him up on his offer to substitute the sauce with spinach.
My order was served sans spinach.
Small gripes:  They serve water in dainty little plastic cups, which is fine, but there is no place to self-serve water.
With no wait service and potential busyness, the prospect of more water becomes more of a problem than anything.
Lastly, their entrance is a set of double doors.
The left door is locked yet there is no mention of it anywhere.
A "Please use other door" would better serve customers trying to enter.

The Skinny: solid French pastries and breads (4) Service: it's counter-service, so nothing special but they have a plug in bar for your electronic devices (N/A) value: French pastries and breads in the neighborhood?
Score!
- the earth is truly beautiful!
(4).
The very first time we came to check out La Belle Terre we got there at opening.
They'd barely pulled out the pastries and buns from the oven and we were eager to satisfy our carbaholic cravings.
We ordered a small sugared brioche, an almond galette, a pain au chocolat and a quiche.
As soon as we got those items in our hand, we dug right on it while the pastries were slightly warm and oh so delish!
The pain au chocolat was nicely flaky with the chocolate slightly molten on the inside.
Just the way it should be.
If you notice in the pics, there's no sagging in the middle of the pastry because of the even layering of butter and pastry dough.
The almond galette had tons of almond filling inside which is a major plus - I love almond filling.
Again, the puff pastry held up with despite the filling inside.
The blueberry strudel was really good and not overly sweet.
The small sugared brioche was amazing - that lovely eggy buttery goodness fresh out of the oven was really wonderful.
The only thing that wasn't up to par was the quiche lorraine.
Although the flavors were okay, the crust didn't hold up to the moist filling and was soggy.
I would not recommend getting the quiche here.
Round two - we tried the Napoleon and a loaf of fig/walnut bread.
The fig/walnut bread was okay but I felt the texture was a little too dense for me and could use a little more figs and walnuts.
The Napoleon was pretty good - nice pastry cream with the layers of flaky pastry but not too sweet - although I feel like the previous pastries we'd tried the first time we came was better.
Added to the things to try are the soups and sandwiches here.
In addition to serving up some pretty good pastries, they also serve Peet's Coffee & Teas here which is a major plus.
They also have free WiFi with a nice long power bar to plug in your electronic devices while you surf, sip and nibble your morning/afternoon away.
What a neighborhood gem!
For serving up a dose of France in the middle of the desert, this place deserves a 4 starred review.

I had such high hopes for place unfortunatley not.
This place has a nice atmosphere and really comfortable and relaxing.
Me and my wife went there for brunch on a saturday for the first time and had the french onion soup which was really good also had a couple of quiche's which were awesome.
The following weekend we went there again brunch on Saturday ordered the onion soup which I was told it was not made,understandable that happens once in a while.Then my wife odered the fig bread again they didnt make it that day ended up having the chili which was really good and bought the garlic/onion bread which was great.
Also had the quiche which was awesome.
So Monday rolls around and I'm in the mood for the chili I had the other day so for luch I head there.I get to the counter and order the chili then the cashier tells me they didnt make chili today I get so pissed I leave without getting anything.
On to Wednesday I was in the mood for their chili once more.
This time I call to see if they have it and long and behold no chili today!
Good thing I didnt waste my time again going there!
Why not make these great things on a daily basis!
Their menu is limited as it is.
This place has the pontetial to be great unfortunatley they have to get their stuff straight.
Will not be going there for a while tired of getting dissapointed!

We are super lucky to have a boutique bakery of this quality open up in Vegas!
The coffee (a Peet's Coffee authorized brewer) is medium-bodied with a big buzz, and it's what keeps me coming back.
Great bicycle parking if you're within pedaling distance.
Would be a cool spot to host a Cars & Coffee West Vegas - Sunday mornings?

I visited for the first time around 9am after my trip to 168 market.
I was mostly interested in the pastries than anything else.
Everything looked nicely made and at an  ok price.
From the pictures here at Yelp I saw that they had Napoleon.
I first tryed a Napoleon cake when I lived in Georgia, and that one tasted great.
When I saw the Napoleon in the case it was not what I expected.
Like the one in Georgia and the one pictured here at Yelp, it didn't have the white with chocolate accented frosting on top.
It was more of a glaze but I didn't let that stop me.
I bought a Napoleon and ONE Macaron....big mistake.
I had my Napoleon after dinner and I didn't enjoy it.
The puff pastry tasted and looked over cooked, also I wasn't wild about the cream.
My Napoleon from Georgia is still number 1.
But my coffee flavored Macaron....was magnificent!!!
Can't believe I only bought one!!
Next time though.

(W)e finally paid a long overdue visit to La Belle Terre Bakery (E)very item in the display case looked delicious!
(L)ocals LOVE this neighborhood gem!
(C)annele need to be renamed "Cracknnele" (O)h man!
You gotta get their ADDICTING Chocolate Chip-Pecan Cookies!
(M)anon and Chocolate and Spice have got some SERIOUS competition!
(E)clairs were another pastry that was available  (T)hey proudly serve Peet's Coffee here-YUM!
(O)utstanding customer service is what you recieve start to finish here  (T)eas from Peet's are also available if you don't  want coffee (H)mmmm... what pastries to get.??
?...you gotta try at least 2 or 3!!!!
(E)xpect things to run out if you don't arrive early enough...you have been warned...  (N)ot to be missed is the Croque Monsieur....ONOLICIOUS!!!!
(E)at everything in sight...that's what you're gonna feel like doing coming here!
(I) love the French Bistro/Patisserie look!
(G)otta love the ceiling too..pretty awesome (H)igh end pastries, breads, and sandwiches without the strip prices....NICE!!!!
(B)aguettes and Batards are available daily (O)MG!...what you'll say after your first bite of a Cannele... (R)eady to return to try more of their creations (H)ard decision to choose when you have all this deliciousness staring back at you!
(O)pera Torte looked tempting too (O)utstanding first visit, and we'l be back for more!
(D)o yourself a favor and grab more cracknnele on your way out!
(!)!!!ALOHA!!!
YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(23/100) "Cracknnele Addict"

Saw Nelson's review so i figured sure, why not, I've hit four different bakeries in the last 2 weeks, might as well hit another.
I'm glad i did !
Prior to visit, i hit LVAC for an hour so i can burn at least 1/10 of the calories i planned to consume.
Ordered:  Cream cheese and blueberry danish ( under $3) - nice flaky crust but slight ding - a little cheap on the blueberry but I still liked it.
Pain Au chocolat ( under $3) - again, amazing crust and the chocolate was rich and delicious - actually got the impression the cut up pieces of a chocolate bar and stuffed it inside the dough ( heck maybe that's how they are supposed to be made - I don't know )  2 Chocolate chip cookies with pecans ( $1.05 each ) - good stuff !
( though i still give the nod to Bread and Butter's chocolate chip cookies )   Croque madam ( Monsieur plus an egg  - i believe $8.50 ) - This was the star of the show !
I really love the sourdough bread ( while waiting for order read the story about the sourdough - starter came from San Francisco 14 years ago ... crazy !
) and the cheese, ham and egg with the dijon and bechamel blend - can someone pick me up another !!!
Heck, even the side salad rocked - really loved the dijon dressing and the vericot verts.
Purchased two rolls to try later.
I just commented to a fellow yelper about awesome bakeries popping up everywhere -  not sure when La Belle opened but I'm just glad i can add it to the rotation !
Next time, a closer look at the refrigerated pastries !
After seeing Nelson's pics,  further pics are unnecessary.

Ran into these guys at a farmers market got a loaf of Sourdough and it was one of the best I have ever had so I will be checking out the store now

After seeing Misti Y check in here often and reading her fabulous review I finally decided to try this local restaurant (by local I mean less than 4 miles from my residence.
)  Funny how I obliviously passed by this place every day for the last 4 months, not knowing what I was missing.
I entered and was greated by one of the best smells in the world, freshly baked bread.
The pastries looked amazing and the specials sounded divine.
We had the special sandwich (I don't remember its name but it was soo good) and the gumbo.
So to get a fifth star, the restaurant has to do something sort of above and beyond just serving good food.
Well when I asked what the soup was, the person taking my order said Gumbo.
I generally don't like gumbo and was prepared to move on when he said, "this is really good gumbo and if you don't like it I will make you something else, no charge.
"  This challenge was too good to resist so I took it.
Needless to say the gumbo was excellent with lots of rice and sausage and different from any gumbo I ever had.
The bread is to die for and comes with the soup.
We bought a loaf of french bread and made sandwiches at home.
We also tried the croissant and eclairs and were not disappointed.
LBT hits on every level, even providing a little of the French cafe feel with a nice terrace and a small but comfortable and warm dining area.
Tres Bon

My sister and I found this after a delicious lunch and Paymon's and were glad we stopped in.
The customer service was so suberb.
We checked out the pastry case and not disappointed on my choice.
The tiramisu was very good.
Not heavily loaded with alcohol with layers of chocolate cake, on the side with a ladyfinger.
Not too rich.
My sister bought a delicious looking raspberry, cheesecake and chocolate dessert and got tiramisu, too.
I want to come back and try their lunch and the breads look awesome.
Stop in - and by the way, the inside is beautiful and appreciate they fact they are from SF as I grew in the Bay Area.
Try it!

What a lovely place.
I am eating one of the very delicious Saumon quiches at this very moment.
I love that the place is small and cozy.
You could come here on a date or with some friends to hang out and enjoy some fresh baked pastries or an assortment of other items like sandwiches,soups,salads,coffee,crepes,etc.
I like being able to see into the kitchen and watching the bakers/chefs as they work.
So much to chose from, will have to return to sample other items on the menu.

If you do not get the sourdough bread, you are missing out.

Finally.
My morning jaunt around town in search of some fabulous breakfast has borne fruit!
La Belle Terre...even the name leaves a pleasant taste on my tongue.
My previous encounters have only confirmed what I've feared for some time now...my palate has gotten snobby ;-)  I am so very happy to report satiation.
I have in front if me the remains of a delicious breakfast.
Now before we get to the yummy details, I must say to any who want to be successful business owners please, act like you want my money.
I'm here because I want to spend some money & I walked into your establishment because I'm thinking about spending it here.
If you want me to give it to you, then please, please act like you want me to.
Times are too difficult for you to act as if you're already set.
I am a firm believer in getting the best quality food you can afford.
La Belle Terre has some of the finest quality pastries i've ever tasted.
For my breakfast I chose a blueberry tart, cherry danish, and hot chocolate (hey, I'm indulging in Las Vegas).
As I sat outside enjoying the mild breeze and warm sunshine with another plump blueberry  between my teeth I couldn't help but smile.
Yes, there are still people who care about serving good food.
Yes, there are business owners who care enough about their business not to neglect a plain and simple fact, I am here because I'm thinking of spending money here so, make me want to.
La Belle Terre makes me want to keep coming back every time I visit Las Vegas.
I think I will!
:-)

Great coffee because it it peets.

At first I was worried by the sight of their bread - the loaves are a little pale looking.
But now that I have sampled their goods twice, I can attest to the delicious flavor of the bread.
I have also been happy with any of the pastries I have sampled.
The canneles are my favorite, with the almond galette running a close second.

I just love this place!!!!
everything I tried was so tasty and remind me so much of the days I lived in Europe and the magical streets of Paris!
The atmosphere is lovely and the stuff are super friendly!
Brendon, Sandra or Luis, all real sweethearts and make you feel so welcome!
Definitely 5 stars !!!!!!!
Bon appétit  !!!
:) :) :)

First time here...
Absolutely amazing!
Vegas needs more places like this.
Delicious pastries and bread, good coffee, free wifi.
The owner, Brendan, is super sweet, helpful, and good-looking.
:)  I'll be back!

The first time I came here was to pick up some Valentine treats for the hubby.
I chose  some type of jello with a rose on top of it.
I wasn't sure how it was going to taste but it sure looked cool so I added it to my goodies.
It tasted good!
It's hard to explain the taste though.
I also added two more chocolate pastries to my mix.
Chocolate pastries are always yummy!
I came here right after work so I was a bit hungry.
I wanted to try their French Onion soup.
It was also very delicious with nice gooey cheese and fresh bread .
It is definitely recommended for the soup lovers out there!
The second time I met a friend here for coffee and some Tiramisu.
They have a nice room off to the side to sit and chit chat with your friends.
I just think the room isn't living up to it's full potential .
It think some big black and white striped wall paper or damask wall paper would really accent those pictures they have on the wall.
(just my opinion)  The Tiramisu and coffee went lovely together.
This is a nice relaxing place to hang out and eat whether it is by yourself or with others.I didn't feel rushed out which was nice since the seating is very limited.

This place is amazing!
They have everything- EVERYTHING!
From sandwiches to artisan breads, and sugary pastries, this place has what you want.
My mom and sister went with me to this place for a snack, and boy was it great.
My sister got a P'tite Fleur, a gelatin sweet that has a flower in the middle of it, and I got a Raspberry Chocolate tart, with fresh raspberries in a chocolate mousse covered with a chocolate crust.
They were soooo good!
I want to come back and try their fresh breads, and a quiche :)

I had been on the lookout for kouign amann for awhile and was excited to try thier version.
They are devine.
My other favorite is the Croque Monsieur, the gruyere and the bechamel give this sandwich it's amazing taste.
It also comes with a nice side salad and I love the dijon dressing it comes with.
I'm not a fan of the cannele's everyone loves, but that's just me.
Now if they only served Peet's full service!
I really miss Peet's ice blended drinks!
I love that I can sit outside as well.
They have a great little patio set up, and even though it overlooks the parking lot, it's not loud.

Delicious pastry and breads.
Nice atmosphere.
Can't wait to try some more on my next visit.

Update: 5/09/2013.
Missed the coffee menu last time so I came back here to try out an espresso drink.
After taking a sip of the caramel latte, I came to the conclusion that perhaps I'm not keen on bitter coffee as much as I was in the past.
If you like your coffee drinks dark and bitter, then you'll love the coffee here!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this charming place!
I would totally come here every day if they serve cafe latte or espresso drinks but that doesn't matter because I will come back here a lot more often from now on.
The Italian quiche with a side salad is so delicious and it is half the price as a quiche you may find in a coffee shop nearby whose name I will not name.
La Belle Terre Bread also has various scrumptious looking pastries and bread products that I may try later (when I'm no longer fat).
If you ask for a salad, make sure to try to LBT vinaigrette, the horseradish that's mixed in this dressing is just absolutely fabulous with the leafy greens!
Oh, they also have savory and sweet crepes.
And nice seating areas, both inside and outside.
And free wifi!

This place is amazing!!
:) I want to try everything that they have!!!
Last time we tried breakfast sandwich, creps,apricot danish,chocolate twist and eclair.
Everything was great and we loved pee's coffee too!!
Staff are really kind and we got 10%off entire our purchase!!
(check in on Yelp!!
) We definitely come back and try some more!

I admit it.
I am a carb-aholic.
I am a bread snob.
Once you have tried freshly baked bread, it is hard to go back to boring old Wonderbread and the other preservative filled commercially produced brands.
The smell of freshly baked bread is intoxicating.
They sell freshly baked baguettes, batards, rolls, french and sourdough loaves.
My household goes through a lot of bread every week, and I am afraid my kids are turning into bread snobs too.
I haven't tried everything yet, but I'm pretty sure it won't be long until we do.
So far the french and sourdough loaves have been our favorites.
But, the bread is not what brought me into this lovely french bakery the first time.
It was the pastries.
Holy moly, are these addictive.
On my first visit, I came home with a variety of perfect, buttery, flaky, melt in your mouth, pastries.
I had even bought 4 Cannelles for my family of 4 to share since we had never had it before.
Well, I ate my Cannelle in the car and it was so delicious I could not resist eating another.
I pondered splitting the remaining 2 that survived the drive home.
for the family, but thought it would be better if I just ate all of the evidence instead.
I have since learned my lesson, and buy at least a dozen so the rest of the family can partake as well.
I have yet to try any of the soups or sandwiches because the breads and pastries grab my attention every time.
But, a quiche is definitely calling my name.
They serve deep-roasted Peet's coffee, the only bold coffee that can successfully give me the caffeine rush I need - which is why it is the only coffee I drink at home too.
The bakery itself is adorable and once you step through the doors, all of your senses are awakened- the scents of the fresh baked goodies, the shiny equipment behind the counter where all of the magic happens, and the warm and fuzzy feeling you get from a a great cup of bold coffee.
Service is very friendly, prices are reasonable, ambience is great, and there is free wifi- what else can you ask for?
*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 33/100*

I was looking for an alternative to Manon and found this café on Yelp.
I went there for breakfast and ordered a quiche lorraine, a chocolate twist, an apple turnover, and an iced latte.
The pastries were given to me at the counter, and a server brought the coffee and quiche to my table.
The pastries were delicious.
Not too sweet and perfectly golden.
The quiche, on the other side, took about 5 minutes to arrive and did so on the colder side.
They have a sign at the register saying how they refrain from using microwaves...
I'd rather have a microwave-heated quiche than cold one!
However, it was very tasty, so I only took away 1 star.
They serve Peet's coffee, which is nice and strong.
My total was around $15, which I think was pretty fair.
Overall, a very tasty place.
I am looking forward to going back and trying more pastries.
Also, they keep a case at the register with generous amounts of pastries to taste... Yum!

We had a disappointing lunch at Paymon's right across the parking lot and wanted to finally visit the bakery that looks so inviting every time we have dinner but they close as soon as we're dine dining...
I don't drink coffee purely bc my heart feels like it's going to jump out of my chest and can't sleep the same night every time I have a cup of joe, even iced tea makes me jittery.
BUT-- I was craving for some caffeine as soon as I walked into the place, so I caved.
Like I said, we just had lunch so we were looking for something to satisfy our sweet tooth.
My husband had a regular coffee w/ a vanilla and pistachio macaroon.
I had a white chocolate mocha and a vanilla eclair.
I sampled the husband's goods and yep, they were good!
I am a person whose coffee has ends up being an off white than a dark brown color with all the cream that I put.
I would've liked it to be a lot more creamier and not as strong, but hey-- I'm not a coffee person so really, I'll stick to the pastries!
The decor of the interior of the place reminded me of what local bakeries or coffee shops in California where the weather is bearable enough to be outside.
Very "Boudin" like in San Francisco but like, a tenth of the size.
We'd return... For the pastries.

We love La Belle Terre and go frequently.
The canales are my favorite pastry and the civilized coffee is wonderful break from the usual coffee-in-a-disposable cup orders our country has gotten accustomed to.
The paninis and crepes are fantastic.
The staff is very friendly and prompt.
They have a lovely patio and the indoor ambiance is very quiant.
It's also a great place to take your mom for lunch or a pastry.
My only criticism (although not worth a lower rating) is that the cold sandwiches are a bit bland so I would suggest the hot options.

I love everything sweet, French, and places with wifi.
La Belle Terre wins at all three.
I've been here a couple times now, sampling both sweet and savory fare.
Most recently I had a crepe with banana and nutella.
I don't think that I ever met anything slathered in nutella that I didn't like, so of course I ate ate ate it all.
Peet's coffee to wash it down--not quite the tall glass of milk I would ordinarily do, but I was on a mission to stay caffeinated.
I love a place where people speak the language of its food--French is spoken here which makes it more authentic to me.
I'm not often on this side of town but when I am, this is a great spot!

We had a great breakfast at this little bakery and cafe.
The employees were very nice.
One of the staff noticed our Paris guide book, as we were planning our trip, and he wrote a whole list of things to see that weren't touristy.
The food was amazing.
We each had a pastry and a hot item, the quiche and croque-monsiure were excellent.
While eating outside the owners walked up and asked how our meal was.
There were several expats eating there, can't be too far off authentic.
We will return again.
Thanks.

Best Bakery in town!

So my favorite crepe of all time is a ham and Swiss crepe.
Simple yet utterly satisfying.
Le Belle Terre changed everything.
On the menu, they had this same crepe, except it came with a fried egg on top.
I knew I was going to order this dish the second I read it on the menu, but I didn't want to at the same time.
I fear change.
Do I deviate from the norm and order this fancy dish?
Or do I stick with what I know that always satisfies and never lets me down.
Damn you fried egg.
Damn you for challenging me.
But I thank you as well fried egg, because I did order you on top of that crepe.
And you did add even more depth not just into that crepe, but into my life.
Thank you.
What a great place, I will be back.
I would definitely wanna get a quiche knowing the crepes are that good.

Real French pastries baked fresh.
What more could a girl want?
The employees seem very knowledgeable about their foods too, which is always a plus.
I loved learning about the background and history of my French Brest.
The pastries do cost a little bit more than what you'd pay at a coffee shop like Starbucks, but it's worth it for a more authentic treat.
I haven't come for brunch yet, but I will one of these days (I can't wait to try the crepes).

4.5 stars   After months of trying to plan a time to come I finally made it.
Did I love if?
Yep!
I love that its a big space with plenty of seating although I did get mine to go.
What'd I walk out with?
Tiramisu cup, cannelles and the pain au chocolat.
The pain au chocolate was crispy/flaky on the outside and soft inside with the right ratio of chocolate to carbs.
Definitely a winner.
The tiramisu cup was my favorite.
It was sooooo light fluffy, creamy and delicious that I wanted to lick the inside of the cup but I didn't.
Now I'm not a big fan of the cannelles but I'm not one for burnt flavor and I just thought it was gonna be soft like custard.
Overall this visit was a win and I believe you get 10% off with your first check in using yelp which I didn't use cause I wanted to go back and use it for some quiche, bread, sandwiches, more tiramisu etc.

Another recent visit to La Belle.
After two weeks of a protein shake/ Low Carb "cleanse" I am allowed a one day "reprieve.
"  So many option - please, please, please don't screw it up !
Post gym visit, not too far from La Belle and I've been craving the Croque Madame.
Ordered:  Croque Madame ( $9.50) - still a winner !
The amazing sour dough bread, ham, cheese, mustard, egg, etc  - extremely rich and full of flavor - good choice.
Chocolate chip cookie w/pecans($1.05) - a little iffy - decent flavor especially the chocolate, but the texture was off for me.
If someone said it was a day old cookie, I'd believe it.
Carrot Cake ( $4.50) - looked very rich and flavorful and given I could have had a piece of cake at Manon for the same price yet double the size, I had high expectations.
It had a spice cake taste to it and I like the cream cheese frosting was lightly sugared but dang it, the cake was dry ... how is that possible ?!
No doubt the Croque will bring me back but the other options are narrowing

Almond croissants, pecan cookies, french onion soup, super good bread!
They use fancy filtered water so everything, especially the coffee tastes better!

Mmmmmm...Had their Croque Monsieur.
Was delicious.
The chocolate croissant?
Not so much.
Bread is fresh baked and so are the pastries.
I would definitely go back again.

Fantastic pastries ... this is my new french bakery in LV.
Try their Napoleon, it's divine :) the only place where I can find a real "chausson aux pommes " merci la belle terre

OMG an actual french bakery!
This place is adorable, from the mismatched furniture (you can eat at a cute desk) to the tin ceiling, it really exudes a French vibe.
Everyone behind the counter couldn't be friendlier and they clearly adore what they do.
My husband and I first tried a few pastries.
The macaroons are perfection!
They are gooey in the middle with the perfect amount of crunch when you bite into them.
The pear tart is not to be missed, it is delicate with the perfect amount of sweetness.
We also tried a Losange, which was one of my favorites.
The flaky croissant dough envelops a delicious cream cheese like filling that leaves you completely satisfied.
We soon discovered our favorite time to come was breakfast time!
The breakfast sandwiches are a steal at $3.99.
You get egg, cheese, and ham on a delicious ciabatta bread.
It is the perfect size to fill you up, but leave you with room for one delicious pastry.
My personal favorite is the cheese danish.
I am admittedly addicted to cheese danishes, but they are hard to find.
The danish here is absolutely perfect.
It has a flaky crust and 2 giant dollops of cheese in the middle.
It is the perfect ratio of cheese to pastry and so indulgent.
Do yourself a favor and give it a try immediately, you won't be disappointed!

The bf and I found this place on Yelp after searching for a good brunch spot in this area with great reviews.
The croque madame was the bomb and is a must order here!
The sourdough bread is delicious and flavored well, and the medley of ingredients soaked in egg yolk after you break the egg on top is just heavenly in your mouth.
The crust was a tad hard though and made it challenging to cut and eat with a knife and fork, but it's definitely too messy to be a hands-on sandwich.
The nutella crepe was good but not the best I've had.
The nutella is squirted into the crepe instead of smeared, so there are areas of the crepe missing nutella if the nutella trail didn't venture there.
I also had the watermelon & kiwi juice.
The kiwi portion was separated and settled on the bottom when the drink arrived and it was the first thing I got on my first sip.
It was incredibly tart and overpowering.
After mixing up the drink and diluting it with water (it was really strong in flavor), it tasted much better.
The bf had the rustic sandwich and described it as just OK.  4 stars because the croque madame is excellent, but I can't say the same for some of the other menu items.
I will still have to go back and try the bread and pastries though.

If you are looking for French without the price that tends to be attached to French food in Las Vegas, look no further, La Belle is for you!
Located in a shopping mall on West Sahara, La Belle beckoned me while I was traversing the area looking for a hair salon I had never been to, but had an appointment with.
After my hair appointment my hunger led me to La Belle.
What a great choice I made.
La Belle is French, and down to the core French indeed.
It is a bakery/cafe, serving up loaves of bread, sandwiches, soups, salads, and patisseries.
I got the turkey, brie, apple, and walnut sandwich on their cibatta bread.
The brie was very tangy, not the same 'ol brie you are used to everywhere else.
I was actually taken aback by the tanginess of the cheese.
Yes, my friends this is *true* French food.
La Belle also serves Peet's coffee and they brew it with their own water.
Yes.
They have a specialized filtration system that all of their water runs through.
I learned this from a "factoid" sheet in the bathroom.
Well.
I'm impressed.
I also left the cafe with two tarts - a blueberry and an apricot which I will be sharing later with my husband.
From the looks/smells coming from them I imagine they will be delicious.

Loved this place.
The food is amazing and the deserts are yummy!
They even made a grilled cheese sandwich for my 3 year old daughter, which was not on the menu.
We've been to this place twice and will continue to come.
Even though it is across town from us.

I had a peets coffee and the bread n pastries smelled awesome...off strip find...
I will have to go back to indulge in the pastries and update accordingly...

This place is a really great french food find.
I loved the croque madame and my husband got a sandwich that had a sliced boiled egg in it and he wasn't happy with it, I told him the yelpers were recommending the croque madame which he chose at first then changed his mind (he regretted it of course but I was nice and gave him some of mine and he keeps mentioning going back just to get one again).
Dessert wise I tried the canele (good) and kouigh amann (sinfully good, get to jogging quick after this one, the buttery rich goodness is off the charts).
My husband had the raspberry chocolate mousse tart (absolutely delicious).
I highly recommend this place to get your french food craving on.

I think I just found my new favorite morning place.
Very friendly, plenty of seating, internet-friendly, and most of all a great French bakery.
Wonderful flaky/buttery croissants, hearty croques madame, and even the basic ham and cheese sandwich is great.
The croque monsieur/madame comes with salad and an excellent dijon mustard dressing that is NOT sweet!
:)  I had a croissant at Starbucks the other day that was so dry I had to choke it down with half a bottle of water.
I was so mad, that I decided to just not have another one unless it was from an authentic French bakery.
Patisserie Manon is actually closer to me, but is apparently closed for several WEEKS, so La Belle Terre French Bakery & Cafe it is from now on.

I don't know what happened to the kouign amann,it was very dense and not very airy as I remembered.
Overall good flavor

I started going to this cafe in January of 2013.
I really like the ambience and the setting of the cafe itself.
Their Peet's coffee was great during those times.
Pastries and breads are good and well presented.
I have spread the word about this cafe to my friends in and outside of Las Vegas and voila, they do visited the place because of my recommendation.
My friend and I frequent the place because of their Peet's coffee and our favorite Palmier (Elephant Ear to some).
However, the more we have our coffee there, we noticed that the taste is getting sour and bitter.
This happened three times.
We made complaints about the taste and unfortunately, it seemed like they were not happy about it.
Being consistent customers, we were thinking that they will be accommodating with our complaints but we were given cold shoulders.
We stopped going until we decided to give them another try.
We missed the place that we thought of ordering our fave coffee.
This time, coffee is great!
We will be going to this local French Cafe once again.
Afterall, we want to help local businesses.

OMG!
Discovered this gem of a French Bakery/ Cafe by accident today!
I've  overlooked it so many times in my quest for breakfast/ brunch/lunch.
I have  been driving right by almost daily!
On the go as I write this...stopped in for a quick quiche en route to a meeting.
I will be back with an in depth review...so far, I am in love!

J'adore le pain....et les biscuits....et les gateaux....et les croissants....  Great French bakery that serves up goodies with a smile.
La Belle Terre offers artisan breads, pastries, and "real food" (quiche, sandwiches, soups) with flair.
On my maiden visit a few days ago, I sampled the "Normand" sandwich (turkey breast, Brie, apple, walnuts) and it was very good.
The bread tasted like it came out of the oven a few hours ago: chewy, soft, yeasty, yum.
I also enjoyed the Baby Rasta, an original chocolate meringue cookie sandwich topped with (vanilla) meringue "dreadlocks".
Magnifique!
For takeaway, I selected a few macarons (blueberry and passion fruit), chocolate chip cookies, and a cranberry roll.
All were gone far too quickly!
I am returning to try the quiche.
:)  If you haven't already, pay a visit to La Belle Terre.
You'll enter and exit with a smile on your face because how can anyone be sad in a bakery?

Not in my neighborhood, so I cannot become a regular here~ which would be a good thing for my hips & thighs!!!
Huge assortment of pastries & the macaroons etc.
just BEAUTIFUL  IF you are in Summerlin on Sahara stop in nice, cozy & comfortable!

Just found this place and the food is great.
Excellent staff and nice atmosphere.

What a cute little place and it didn't hurt that the guy behind counter asked me what I wanted in a french accent....
Anyway, drooling aside the chocolate croissant was very good and I can't wait to return with a friend to try more.
All the artisan sandwiches sounded amazing and the quiches are personal size...so that means lots of flaky crust for this country girl :)  Its on west Sahara...closer to my hood...yeah!

This place is a gem.
It's Summerlin adjacent's best kept secret.
The baked goods are delicious.
Quiche was great.
Atmosphere was very cute.
Croque Monsieur was good but heavy, perfect for sharing.
The desserts looks tasty.

LBT continues to deliver.
They even went looking in the back to see if they had deserts missing from the front, and found one for me!
Their sandwiches are awesome and the staff will try to accommodate any request.
My only regret is that they close at 6 and I usually can't get in before closing to grab some bread for dinner.

Love the decor - and it smells fantastic in here!
I ordered the corn & shrimp soup (was a bit disappointed that they didn't have their chili - that's what I REALLY wanted to try) and a chocolate pecan cookie to go.
I paid a total of $9.16, which seems really steep for what I got, but I figured that if the food was super yummy, that maybe it would be worth it!
Well.....the soup is really just so-so.
In fact, it really tasted like bland corn chowder - the shrimp was incredibly overpowered, and added no flavor whatsoever!
I searched our break room for some sort of spice, pepper - ANYTHING, but to no avail!
Darn :P Honestly, I wish I had ordered something else - a swing and an epic miss!
On the up side, it came with four slices of fresh, soft french bread, which was perfect for dipping.
The bread gets an A+ from me!
(which is great news, because it IS a French bakery, after all...!
)  The cookie never even made it to the end of the meal.
That bad boy was finished before I even got to the office.
Super, super delish!
I might even go back for a few more of these to bring to the office.
You should also bring some (for me, that is).
Didn't get any coffee, but I LOVE Peet's coffee, so next time I'm so stopping there for my morning brew.
Will I come here again?
Yes.
I WILL have that buffalo soup.
It shall be mine - oh yes, it shall be mine.
The staff was friendly, I was greeted kindly as soon as a customer in front of me was finished with their order, but the girl who brought out my food wouldn't look me in the eye.
She probably was afraid to lose her soul, so I can understand that.
I'd be afraid, too.
To sum it up, meh - but that doesn't stop me from going back.

back for quiche Lorraine and chocolate croissant, still a fan...

Well, this is probably the last time I'm bothering to come here.
I waited forever for my to go chef salad, and   As I'm sitting out on the "I'm obviously not sitting at a table because I want my order to go" couch, of course she brings it out to me on a plate.
Do you really think I'm going to eat on this couch with my ordered bottled water?
I requested no cheese specifically, so of course they put cheese in with it...so apparently they have no attention to detail.
Food isn't worth the price $(8.50 for a tiny salad).
I give it 2 stars because the cookie was good and I haven't tried their pastries.
Maybe that's what they should stick with - and get smarter staff.
I guess they didn't stop me from coming back last time, but they have finally done it this time.
Bravo.

Cute place with a good variety of breakfast items and a couple of sandwiches.
Service was great and food was good.
A nice place to hang out and have a latte with a French pastry.

The Almond Croissant is a must-have.
It is seriously the most delicious pastry I've ever had.
The also serve Peet's Coffee, which is such a treat!
Their crepes and quiches are so tasty.
Service is excellent and the prices are decent.
I can't wait to come back.

5 stars French bakery & coffee in north Las Vegas .
The best place we can buy and enjoy French food  every time we come, thanks La Belle Terre Bread

La Belle Terre was a show stopper!
I met up with an old friend here about a month ago and it was the perfect place for catch up.
We got ourselves seated by the cashier, impressed by the café's authenticity.
Ooh la la.
Having learnt about the French culture throughout high school, I have to admit that it felt like I was transported all the way to France.
The staff even had an accent to go with the great smelling pastries!
I decided to order a florentine croque monsieur.
It was dense and savory, definitely belying its size.
Don't be so quick to judge how small it is.
Le croque monsieur - which came with a plate of sliced baguette and butter - were very filling.
I didn't even have room to order a drink to go with em'!
This gem is the creme de la creme of Vegas cafés.
Find it on the corner of sahara and Durango where Paymons patio dining can be found.
C'etait fantastique!

I've come in a few times now as I'm always finding myself in the area.
Convenient, homey cafe with a bright assortment of the basics in a French bakery.
Croissants, pain de chocolates, quiches, crepes, tartines and of course, coffee.
Everything has always been fresh and tasty.
The blueberry twist I had last I was there was soft and flakey, PERFECT Sunday breakfast with my wonderful americano.
Prices are just and very reasonable for the whole experience.
The cafe itself is charming.
A couple couches for those casually catching up and relaxing, dining tables for people having meals, and like any cafe should, tables, chairs and umbrellas outside for those perfect weather kind of days.
It's clean, it's casual.
What more would you need?
They've yet to fail in any department IMO.
Customer service is always on point.
Any question you have, they have or find an answer.
The positive attitude in service is exemplary.
I witnessed a woman who ordered some baked good and ended up sending it back THREE TIMES!
Unfortunately I eavesdropped and from the sound of it, she wasn't making herself clear on what she had wanted and on top of it asked for it to be heated up.
Each and every time, the employee took it back with a smile on his face and understanding.
Even when he went behind the counter, no gripes, rolling eyes or head shaking!
THAT is excellent customer service.
Mind you the woman didn't say thank you once.

Lovely authentic French pastries, extremely friendly staff, nice open indoor space, and roomy outdoor space.
I got the chance to briefly meet with the owner and he was a super nice guy.
I'll have to try something off their lunch menu next time!

I love this little French cafe!
Good coffee and a great selection of pastries.
Been here only once but they serve peet's coffee, fast reliable wifi, authentic French peeps, and I ordered a lemon raspberry cake.
It was light and didn't make me feel guilty.
Definitely a nice spot!
Can't wait to come back again.

Have been here twice in last month.
There are about 8 tables inside and 4 tables with umbrellas outside.
First visit I ordered to stay-sat inside.
There was a couple of ladies working, using the free wifi, talking pretty loudly-collaborating on work.
In order to drown them out, I started talking on my phone till my food came.
I think between them and I, it may have distracted one lady who went to eat outside.
My first visit ($14), I tried the 3 bean chili, crepe with chicken, spinach and a white cheese (can't remember if it was brie or swiss or something else) - the cheese was more of a sauce then melted in the crepe.
Not sure that was preferred-it was a bit too much of the sauce.
On my way out, I thought the chocolate chip pecan cookie looked good -- and it was delicious.
Besides the cookie, the chili was yummy.
The crepe was big (took half home) but, Crepe Expectations on Eastern is better for crepes.
My second visit ($15), I ordered the 3 bean chili, the turkey sandwich with brie (extra .30 for brie vs, any other cheese offered), and 2 chocolate cookies to go.
The chili and sandwich were yummy.
The cookies looked different than my first visit -- I should have clued in that they would taste different.
Oh, they did.
I ate the first one, and threw the second one out.
They just tasted so different than my first visit.
I think that is so weird, why not consistent??
This place is pricey for counter service - the cup of chili is like $3.50+, the sandwich and crepe were in the $7-7.50 range and the cookies ($1.10) were less expensive than the pastries (2.75+) but are small.
The location is great -- pretty central and is good for a quick lunch when out and about.

Love love love this place!!
Every Monday & Friday after my daughter's horse riding lesson we have brunch here.
My daughter has a macaroon & sugar brioche with apple juice.
I have either the lemon & sugar crepe or turkey & swiss pressed croissant with either a hot or cold vanilla latte.
Definitely haven't had a bad meal here, we've been coming here for awhile now too.

Went here yesterday for lunch.
We were actually going to try and go to Patisserie Manon, my new fave bakery/French place, however they are closed on Mondays.
La Belle was close by so we decided to give it a go.
Smaller location than Patisserie Manon and not as much selection which was disappointing.
Food was good, we shared a Croque Madam and a cheese danish.
$8.50 for the sandwich with a side salad/garnish.
It was good but nothing exceptional.
I enjoyed the cheese danish, light flaky crust and decent size.
I didn't look at the price but it was probably around $3.00 or so.
I did notice that this place had a lot more bread than there competitor a few blocks away, however, a loaf of sourdough was $7 - eek, a bit pricey for a loaf of bread.
The bread in the sandwich was quite tasty.
Ultimately, I am glad I tried it but I am going to remain loyal to Patesserie Manon.

I had the croque de Madame which was so delicious.
It could have used a little more sauce in my opinion but otherwise it was delicious.
The bread is so tasty!
The tiramisu is the best tiramisu I have ever had.
The service is wonderful  The seating is a little awkward - not very many tables and some of the tables are either super low or are just awkwardly placed

My favorite French bakery in town.
The croissants are the best I've had outside of France... they're made (as all their pastries are) right there in-house every day!
The quiches are scrumptious, as well as the crepes and croques monsieurs.
Really comfortable environment, and very friendly staff.
Oh yea... if you haven't had their pain chocolate (chocolate croissant) yet... YOU MUST!!

Drove from the strip to check this place out and it was definitely worth it!!
Lovely crepes and croissants!!
Ordered a delicious hot chocolate and left with a masala chai tea!
Suddenly a tango song came on and we danced right there in the restaurant!
Such a nice atmosphere.
I will be back next time I visit Vegas!

This is tres bon!
Je suis American, ne pas Francais; however, this is as close to real European bakery I've tasted outside of France and Germany.
I had the pate on baguette with pickles; absolutely delicious!
I buy my bread from there!

Best Chai Latte in town.
We had a chocolate twist and a quiche lorraine.
Both very light and delicious.
Brought home a ciabatta boule, which was much more moist than we are used to but very good.

With high ceilings and an open kitchen, feels like your eating in a bread factory.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
It's just that 1) not offering a ceramic cup for coffee, 2) service staying behind the counter with one register no matter how long the line is, and 3) paper plates served -- service is not #1 priority either.
I sat for 90 mins, and wasn't asked if I needed anything.
The main room has the "factory" and 5 tables and sofa, then a small side room has another 6 or 7.
This place does the business, so finding a seat is at a premium.
That said, the coffee (Peet's, not exotic) is good (large, $2.25), and the quiche and bread was wonderful ($5).
Nothing wrong with the quality or quantity.
Sign me up, but I would rather go to Sambalatte Torrefazione any day.

Items Selected:  Baba Au Rhum Kouign Amann Butter Croissant Almond Tart Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookie Palmier Blueberry Cream Twist  When I heard rumor that an independent French Cafe was turning out superlative Kouign Amann  just down the street from my new house I knew a visit was imminent - IE the day we started unpacking - and not only are the stories of stellar French pastry true...they even come from a condescending French baker with uncompromising style and skill.
Admittedly a bit turned off by the "premade" croque alongside the fact that almond croissants would not be ready until the ambiguous "later" it was a relatively large sampling of the restaurant's wares that we selected on Saturday morning and aside from a slightly doughy blueberry cream twist the results were textbook, inclusive of two of my very favorite items.
Beginning first with a quartet including a warm butter croissant, flaky and natural almond tart entirely devoid of frangipane, and a Kouign Amann still warm liquid at the core it was actually the dense Baba Au Rhum that proved the shocker of the morning with ample booze but gentle sweetness beneath the light cream.
Impressed enough to purchase some items to go it was perhaps the delay in consuming the twist until later that rendered it flaccid and unable to suffer the same fate both the chocolate chip cookie and more so the buttery palmier would prove the best I've found in the Southwest; all the more impetus to call in advance before my next visit to make sure the Almond Croissant is warm and ready.

This is my favorite place for breakfast pastries.
I'm a fan of almond croissants and the one here is the best I've had.
The chocolate almond croissant is even better if you've got a craving for sweets like I do.
It's got enough chocolate to satisfy that morning craving, but subtle enough so you won't regret it.
The pain au chocolat ($2.70) and apple turnover ($2.70) are great too -- light, buttery and flakey.
I'm not as crazy about the sandwiches.
The rustic sandwich was too much bread and not enough filling.
It was pretty good on that rare bite when you get the perfect ratio of ingredients in one bite, but more often than not each bite was nothing but bread.
Still, I love this place.
It's the best spot in the area for a quick morning bite.

Small family bakery, very French and very good.
From the bread to the pastries  They have really good quality.
Sometimes a little slow with customer service, but always friendly.

The best french bread I have eaten in Las Vegas.
Truly a cut above.
It's worth the long drive from Henderson.

The BF and I couldn't decide what to eat so I looked through my bookmarks and decided we should mark something off this list.
It's been a long time I've been meaning to come to this place.
It was busy, seeing as it was right before Christmas, but we decided to eat in.
Croque Madame - it was quality, but it's not our favorite one in town.
It all boils down to minute details and preference of liking less dense bread and the bechamel is a little sweet for me.
Still, it's one of the better ones in town.
Vol au Vent - puff pastry was crisp and the filling was thick and rich.
It was a bit small of a portion though, so it was a good thing I suppose we were sharing this and the larger entree of the croque madame.
Both came with a side salad with a creamy balsamic.
Standard, but good and components were fresh.
Kouign Amann I'm glad we got one each.
It wasn't hot, which is the best time to get them, but still every bit good with that rich, buttery, flaky sugary comfort I love about it.
There really isn't many places that make kouign amann in town unfortunately.
Almond croissant.
This was a solid croissant and I enjoyed the almond paste being pure and natural instead of mixed down to a custardy paste or without a strong fake almond flavoring.
The MIL loves almond croissants, but can't find one locally she likes so I may have to bring this to her next time for the judging.
The only disappointment was the white mocha latte the BF ordered.
The coffee in it was rather harsh, a burnt flavor cutting through it.
I don't know if it's a bean variety and it's that jet fuel type flavor profile as this was the first time I've ever had Peets or the machine is not performing up to snuff.
Counter service was alright.
They were just trying to get through the line so we didn't get too much personal time in.
After that, you take your number and sit yourself with DIY water.
Good overall visit and we most definitely will be back for more pastries.
There will probably be much more selection to choose from when it's non holiday season as well.

Been here i believe twice.
For the past two years, been my place to go for breakfast before an early start for the yearly Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in January.
Location may be a little "hidden" as it is adjacent to Sahara but it is adjacent to Paymon's.
If you see Paymon's, you have arrived.
LOL   First thing i notice when i enter?
A variety of various fresh baked breads and goods all laid out behind the glass for your eyes to drool over... and stomach to rumble to... ;_; Second thing noticed???
PEET'S COFFEE !
O.O !
Hello.
Those from the bay would recognize it easily.
I'm not from the bay but a pretty frequent visitor and i love their coffee !
I tend to opt for Peet's over Starbucks if i'm in the bay =X that's pretty good right?
XD   1st time, i had the Croque Madame, Peet's Coffee.
For those who do not know, a Croque Madame is a classic ham and cheese sandwich with a bechamele (spell check) sauce and a fried egg on top.
sounds amazing no?
their variation is pretty good.
If anything, i think i prefer it over the one from Payard's Patisserie and Bistro inside the Caesar's Palace !
2nd time, i got the Rustic Sandwich, Peet's Coffee, and Strawberry & Nutella Crepe.
Rustic sandwich is a simple sandwich in a baguette with thinly sliced prosciutto, thick slices of mozzarella, topped with a nice light pesto sauce.
Really nice combination, in my opinion.
The saltiness from the prosciutto together with the subtle flavor of the mozzarella and pesto is well done.
And !
its fairly healthy too !
or id like to think so anyway.
Really nice place to go for a nice coffee and a snack or even a nice meal.
Prices are fairly decent and reasonable.
Decent amount of sitting space.
Free charging station and wi-fi for those who needs a quick charge during their meal or while working on their electronics !

My husband and I went here on a Sunday afternoon on a recommendation from a friend, as well as a recommendation from a fellow Yelper and we weren't disappointed.
For our starters, my husband had an almond croissant and I had a pain au chocolat, both of which were amazing.
They had the right amount of flakiness, firmness and layers that we could taste the pastry, butter, almond and chocolate in each delicious bite.
My husband enjoyed a double shot latte with his pastry, while I had a refreshing Perrier.
For our mains, my husband selected the Quiche Lorraine and I chose the Croque Madame, which is a Croque Monsieur with a fried egg on top.
I have been in search of the perfect Croque Madame in Vegas since we moved here last October.
We have been to several bistros and patisseries in Vegas, from on the Strip (Bouchon - double digit doughy version) to off strip (Patisserie Manon - non-existent, ran out of bread version).
LBTB's version was delicious, however, I agree with a previous reviewer that it could have used more bechamel.
Also, while the egg was hot and fresh, the ham and cheese was not very warm.
Having said that, the bread was perfect, just the right amount of crunch on the outside and moistness on the inside, the cheese was just sharp enough and perfectly complemented the ham.
We asked for a side of dijon mustard, which was a nice accompaniment.
My husband had the quiche lorraine, which had a very nice, flaky and tasty crust and the inside was firm and flavorful.
Both mains were served with a nice side salad and dressing and arrived together.
The service was friendly and quick, they had ample seating, some seating even had a charging station for laptops and phones.
The restrooms were clean and we liked that they quickly cleared the tables after guests left, which we appreciated even though it was fairly quiet since it was early afternoon.
There's nothing worse than trying to enjoy a meal surrounded by dirty tables/dishes.
We definitely want to try the Vol au Vent and the Kouign Amann based on the other reviews we read.
We even left with a baguette for later.
I wanted to rate 4.5 stars, and would've rated 5 if the Croque Madame had more bechamel and had been warmer.
We'll try to come earlier next time and hopefully it will be spot on.
Definitely worth more visits!

Wonderful french bakery!
I have had their cream of mushroom crepe and croquet monsieur.
Both amazing.
I will be back!

This place is really good remind me home.
The owner is very professional .
Had a croque monsieur, quiche and a crepe every thing was good .Will go back to try the breakfast

I love this little bakery.
The only reason I stopped in to check the place out a few months ago was because for some reason Nothing Bundt Cakes in the plaza next door decided to close shop early.
A normal person(girl) in my situation would've just admitted defeat and moved on...but no... my craving for something chocolate or sweet was driving me insane.
Things to order... -Pain au chocolat -Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookie -Blueberry cream twist   Last but definitely not least  Mmmmm...Kouign-amann!!
These pastries are probably the closest thing to heaven you can come into contact with on earth.
I think the chef may be an angel sent from god to bless us who live in Las Vegas with delicious Kouign-amanns.
They also have fresh breads, soups, and sandwiches.
Service is always on point.
All of the drinks and pastries were reasonably priced and the selection is great!
Something for everyone!
***10 percent off with your Yelp Check-In!!

Kouign-amann.
Check.
Canelé.
Check.
Peet's Coffee.
Check.
Croque Madame?
Oh yeah.
Pain au chocolat.
The bomb!
Now Thomas Keller's Bouchon Bakery has a contender on the west.
Worth the drive!

Ordered quiche & latte.
Latte came, quiche didn't.
They gave my quiche to someone else!
I did get a free croissant though.
Just stay alert  here & keep track of your order!
I wish there was a little fresh fruit on the plates.
The pastries and the breads look good.
Often a lot of business people having meetings.
Then it is hard to find a place to sit.

Everything here is excellent.
My favorites are the carrot cake, chocolate almond croissants, and the chocolate chip boy cookies (with nuts- the girl cookies have no nuts).
It is not cheap, but worth every penny.

Breakfast sandwich was served on a ciabatta roll, lightly scrambled eggs with a thin slice of ham.
Generous portion of eggs, and served with a small green salad.
Everything tasted very fresh, and was served right away with a smile and pleasant tone.
They offer both inside and outside dining.
They have a large selection on French pastries, as the entire spot supports the French Cafe theme/motif.
I really like this place, they are also only moderately priced and could most likely be charging more without their customers batting an eyelash (it is in Summerlin, mind you.

Just walking in and I felt like I wanted to try everything.
Great food.
Nice ambiance.
Crepes,  quiche,  pastries and coffees.
Great way to start a Sunday with family and friends.

In a word...scrumptious!
Food was great, I enjoyed it all so much that I even purchased some pastries to take home.
I would highly recommend this bakery, great selection, fresh food...loved it!
I'll be back again and again...

The quiche Lorraine was so amazing.
Just rich goodness!!
This week I tried the Mushroom Crepe.
Was good with plenty of mushrooms.

My husband recently discovered this wonderful bakery and I am in love.
We are new to the area and finding this gem has made me very happy.
The baguettes are so yummy, the pastries to die for, their panini's delicious and everything is fresh and made with pride and care.
The staff is wonderful, very friendly and make you feel they are so happy you are there.
It's a good thing I have to drive there cause if were any closer I'd gain 100 pounds just sampling their delicious foods and breads.
I highly recommend this place.

Having had this place bookmarked for ages, I was so excited to finally give them a try!
I ordered the following pastries to try: lemon tart, kouign-amann and an almond croissant.
I can never resist lemon tarts and this was perfectly citrusy and tart.
Lovely dessert.
The kouign-amann and almond croissant were perfect.
Exactly what I was looking for in a quality pastry.
I don't have a huge sweet tooth, but when I'm craving sweets, these are exactly what I'm looking for.
Not overly sweet and really tasty.
I can't wait to come back and try more of their savory and freshly made menu items.

This place is the best.
They have the best quiches, croissants etc  Everything is delicious.
Great friendly service.
And it is not overpriced like many places of lesser quality.

The sign says French Bakery & Café, not La Belle Terre.
Knowing that will make your life much easier.
They're located in the Great American Plaza near Paymon's and Nothing Bundt Cakes.
They are currently undergoing an ownership change, but no changes in business or management (which should mean no changes in product either).
It's very quaint and I love the abundance of pastries and breads.
There's certainly no shortage in variety.
I was absolutely drawn to the five types of quiche!
I wanted to try the chicken version, but the gentleman behind the counter forgot to put one in my box (sad face).
So, I'll review them on my next visit!
Anyway, I took my selections home to share with my fiancé.
Pain Viennois ($5.50) with white chocolate chips and pistachio paste.
Very yummy!
The bread is soft and chewy.
I love the sweetness from the chocolate chips and the pretty green interior!
Kouign Amann ($3.50), pronounced kween-ah-mon, is a traditional cake from the Brittany region of France (originating back to the late 1800's).
It's difficult to find and has only recently become popular and available in the states.
It's similar to puff pastry since it's made with layers of dough and butter.
The texture is chewy, dense, and has a nice crust on it.
This was my first time trying one, so there's nothing to compare.
It has a nice flavor and it was definitely enjoyable, but we both agreed that it wasn't our favorite pastry.
French Epi-Baguette ($3): It had a nice crust and chewy center, definitely what you want in a baguette.
Not my favorite baguette in the flavor department.
My measurement is eating it fresh (or lightly toasted) with just a touch of butter.
It didn't have me reaching for more.
Almond Croissant: I love open-faced croissants.
They're packed with flavor and I love the streusel on top.
When I bit into this croissant, it immediately reminded me of marzipan (almond meal, sugar/honey), which set it apart from other almond croissants.
Very tasty.
The pastries and bread were surprisingly hit or miss for me, however, everything was still good.
It's a little bit of a drive for me, so I'm not sure how frequently I would return.
Although, I would like to try their quiche and sandwiches.
Note: Don't forget your Yelp check-in offer of 10% off your bill!

Authentic French breads, pastries and food.
I also noticed numerous customers in line speaking fluent French to the nice man ringing customers up which was also nice to see.
Having visited France last summer the quality was very comparable!
We were visiting in-laws from out of town but will definitely be back next time we are in town!

Great place for pastries and breakfast/lunch items :)  Started off with an Almond Galette ($2.70): Almond Creme Filled Pastry.
This was yummy!
Flaky, with a semi sweet almond creme inside.
Delicious!
The Blueberry Danish ($2.95) was very large and had lots of blueberry filling!
Flaky and soft too...Yummy :P  Finished with a Croque Madame ($10ish): Rustic Sourdough, Dijon, Ham, Gruyere, Béchamel & Fried Egg.
The flavor was good here, but the sourdough crust was too hard/crispy...distracting.
Not sure if the bread is suppose to be that hard, or if we got a bad/old set.
But we will be back to order more pastries for sure!

Will definitely be returning if only for the delicious Peet's coffee.
Had the éclair, but it was filled with chocolate cream instead of the traditional cream.
Still yummy, but unexpected and a little too sweet.
The coffee was delicious and the outdoor seating was perfect for the nice weather we were having  yesterday.

I was on a road trip ultimately heading back home from my first 2 month trip to Asia, and I had been craving really good croissants while I was there.
I stayed on the west side and this place had great reviews.
Once I was there though the sight of the pain au raisin made me change my mind, and the reviews for the kouign-amann were great so decided to give that a try too even though I've never had one I enjoyed.
Man oh man.
Both were pure perfection.
Not too sweet, not too buttery, not too doughy.
The pain au raisin had a custardy feel and the kouign-amann had a perfect light sugar crust.
Awesome.

I've been here a few times and I love it.
I come with friends or my mom.
I usually order different things each time I go.
The coffee and tea have always been great.
I love the pastries and they're not too sweet (to me).
I always order a chocolate chip pecan cookie.
The people working there are always so friendly and helpful!

I'd never been to French bistro before and this place has definitely made an impression on me.
Had the Salmon Brioche topped with this amazing little ball of cheese.
and it was amazing.
The desserts in the case were all so tempting, so making a decision to feed my sugar craving was difficult since everything looked so good.
This could become a regular lunch spot.

My husband and I went for breakfast/brunch today.
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.
Then we ordered!
We both had the Paris crepe (recommended by the woman assisting us).
I subbed out the ham and added spinach (no meat for me!
) and my husband had the original.
Swiss cheese, ham and a beautifully done fried egg.
So delicious!
He tried both and said the ham "added something" - not surprising as this was the original recipe - but I didn't feel like I was missing anything.
He had the strawberry crepe for dessert (served with whipped cream and chocolate) and I had the delicious khouign amonn (sp?).
Both were perfect.
This is definitely a 5 star bakery/cafe and we will be back!

We came here for our wedding anniversary breakfast.
Only one reason:  Napoleon.
We got a Napoleon,  2 choco croissants,  small latte and large cappuccino.
$16.50.
Napileon was NOT fresh.
Probably, from the day before.
Great disappointment.
The guy said he'd bring our coffee to the table.
8 am.
Only 2 tables occupied.
We wait for over 10 mins, no coffee.
I go to the counter.
Wait for another 3 mins by counter and when i finally asked for our coffees, turned out it was ready, just waiting for who knows what!
So, how can i give more than 3 stars?
The place itself is very nice:  good atmosphere, spacious, staff is friendly, choice is OK.
But i come for food, right?
Disapointing...

So elated to be a first time check-in customer on yelp!!!
I redeemed a 10% discount on this order!!!
Macaroons for a buck and quarter!!!!
Wrap 'em up!!!
My baby boy's class is waiting!!!
32 of these cream filled bad boys on it's way to feed these eleven year old sweet monsters....
Happy birthday to my X-man!!!
Mommy loves you from the moon and back!!!

This place is a wonderful and quaint neighborhood bakery, pastry, coffee, and also a breakfast and brunch spot.
We came around 1pm on a Sunday.
They were bustling but there were enough tables for us to find a nice booth window seat.
We ordered the croque madame and croque monsieur.
They came out hot, fresh and looked great.
The bread was toasted to perfection and so fresh!
Super crisp but fluffy at the same time.
You can really taste the fresh baked bread difference and it's incredible.
Also, both dishes came with a small side of mix salad with a creamy balsamic dressing.
The flavor profile for both dishes were for the most part, the same, with tiny differences.
The croque madame came with a beautiful fried egg on top of a melty ham and cheese sandwich with béchamel sauce.
On the other hand, the croque monsieur was like a grilled bubbling ham and cheese sandwich.
Both tasted great, but my favorite was the croque Madame as it was juicier and more moist from the creamy béchamel and the runny egg.
My boyfriend couldn't stop raving about how much he enjoyed his croque Monsieur and he said he preferred his over mine.
He is a big fan of this place.
We are excited to try their crepes and their quiches next time!

For our first time here, we loved the atmosphere...
Calming cafe music plays in the background of the hustle & bustle of the people and the kitchen.
There is indoor and outdoor seating available...A large array of pastries, quiche, breads, & made-to-order Crepes, sandwiches, & specials...  Prices are reasonable, but it's easy to over order.
Everything looks, sounds, & smells so delightful.
I ordered the Montmartre crepe which has chicken, Swiss & goat cheese, spinach, and onion-- it was delicious and very filling.
Also, my daughter clearly enjoyed her Nutella crepe judging by her empty plate and messy face.
And we just couldn't pass up the French Macaroons they had--Raspberry, blueberry, & chocolate.
Each was vibrant with color, bite-sized, and pack with flavor!
I can't wait to come back to try something else off the menu.

The best french cafe in the city, no contest.
The pain au chocolat is so delicious - I'm glad this place and it's temptations are far from my house!
Breakfast is super tasty, ambience is really relaxed and simple.
No frills.
The baguettes are perfect.
I like to try something new every time, and so far nothing has disappointed.

Perfect.
The pastries are excellent - the kougin amann is awesome, you must order one!
Coffee was great & both quiches the bacon & the florentine were excellent.
(Although I think the bacon was better) Will be back for crepes and the croque monsieur.
Get there early and steak out a seat outside - only four tables.
This a Vegas gem!

I was so excited to try this place out.
Ever since my roommate introduced me to macarons, I was on a mission to find a non-Strip French bakery that made them.
My boyfriend and I took my 5-year-old goddaughter here last weekend on Saturday morning.
The inside is super cute and there is a little patio outside.
When you walk in, you see the counters just lined with pastries and baked goods, and that image just brings me such joy!
I was like a kid in a candy store.
The cashier wasn't the most friendly or helpful, and I was a little taken aback since I was so giddy to be there.
We ordered a cheese and ham quiche, a fruit tart, cheese Danish, croque Madame, and 2 of each macaron they had, and a latte for me.
It came to about $40.
Eeks!
But I was excited and didn't care.
Our food didn't all come out at once so when the fruit tart didn't come after everything else was served, we thought maybe it was on its way.
The cashier must not have heard me order it though because it never came.
Also, my receipt wasn't itemized so I really don't know if I ordered it or not, but we just let it go.
The croque Madame was amazing and our favorite.
Everything else was really good, but I must say I was quite disappointed with the macarons.
The shells were crumbly and some had air bubbles.
I also wasn't a fan of the filling.
I was expecting my latte to come out in a big round coffee cup, but it came in a to-go paper cup, which was also a little disappointing.
Overall, it was a good experience.
I really want to go back and hope that our experience is better.
There were a lot of things on the menu that I can't wait to try, like the crepes and various other pastries, and I can't WAIT to have another croque madame!

It was a nice day today so we sat on the patio.
I had a decadent cream of mushroom crepe.
My mother had strawberry crepe and daughters had banana crepe and a turkey and cheese panini.
Everything was very good.
The complementary water was refreshing.
Also had French pressed coffee that was perfect and came with a little cake.
We then took some macaroons and strawberry shortcake to go.
I just tried them and really likes the pistachio and strawberry.

The quiche Lorraine was amazing!!!
Can't wait to try the chocolate almond croissant.

This place is so good!
The crossaints are buttery and flakey.
The tiramisu is divine.
Love the set up where you are able to peek into the kitchen and it is very clean.
Now I'm hungry!
Lol

Let's make this quick:  I love this place, the customer service provided here was superb from start to finish.
We were greeted the minute we walked in.
They were not a packed house but that's because my morning started at 2pm today.
So we got them at the perfect time.
I drove all the way from GV to give this place a try and was not disappointed.
There iced white chocolate mocha coffee was good.
There pastries were excellent and there staff was awesome.
U folks did good with this place.
Congratulations.

Cute little French bakery and café- location is in same area as Paymon's but if you're not careful and pass it, you'll have to turn around because the ReMax lot next door does not connect (and has several you-will-be-towed signs up).
Inside is clean and organized with cute wooden wicker seating and lots of cute art posted on the walls.
There's even a water spout with lemons and oranges cut up inside for self-serve hydration.
Pastries in case look tasty- almost got an onion tart or a fruit tart but opted instead for the Croque Monseiur sandwich, as suggested by the cashier, along with an iced white chocolate mocha.
Sandwich was very rich and indulgent- as it typically is.
Flavors were tasty but sandwich itself didn't sit well with me.
Was plated with a small side salad with a tasty house-made dressing.
Coffee was iced, sweetened, and caffeinated, which is exactly why I got it.
Side note about the music: initially came in to a few rap/club style songs playing?, but the music eventually returned to quieter more café-appropriate selections.
Odd.
There's a nice patio that is shaded from the sun setting behind the building- would be nice for spring or fall dining alfresco but in this summer heat it likely wont be used often.

Disorganized and a little disappointing.
I ordered croissant and cafe au lait together but waited long over 5 mins for the coffee....that just sat on the counter without any attempt to find it's owner :(.
When I stood back in line to find out where my coffee was, another customer asked if I was still waiting for coffee, too.
She also mentioned that she probably would not return - I'm I'm the same boat.
The croissant is super beautiful and flaky but lacks depth of taste.
I was looking forward to the buttery creamy taste, but didn't find it here.
I had high hopes...

I loved it!
The food was so good!
I had a Cheese Danish that was so good.
I also tried the Bacon Quiche, which was very delicious as well.
You have to try this place!
It is awesome!

This place is a little pricey but very good.
I had the the Salad St Tropez which consisted of proscuitto and melon and come with a little caprese side salad and crusty bread.
We also ordered several pastries which were extremely buttery, flakey and not too sweet.

Maybe I caught them on an especially bad day, but everything I had was below average.
I'd heard raves about this place forever, so I was excited when I was hungry and on that side of town.
I sampled an assortment of things and all were disappointing except for the lemon meringue pie.
Palmier cookie was dry, kouign amann was really doughy not at all flaky, macaron was super soft, canale burnt.
My iced mocha was good at least.
Thanks for letting me waste $20 on mediocre baked goods, but there won't be a 2nd visit.

My wife and I cycled up the road with our dog for coffee and a pastry.
I bought some water for the dog and asked to borrow a dish as I forgot to bring his portable one.
The gentleman happily went in the back and got a plastic container for the dog's water.
Very friendly staff.
Great coffee and the freshest and flakiest pain au chocolat I've had since the last time we were in Paris several years ago.
Now that we know it is there we will be regulars.
Highly recommended....get there early and grab a coffee and a pain au chocolat!

Just as expected.
The crepes were tasty.
We had the Paris and a banana, chocolate almond both were yummy.
Will be coming back.

The food here is hands down delicious.
Everything I ordered was on point.
The pastries were beautiful and perfect but it would have been a better experience if they had a high chair for my two year old.
I spent more time trying to keep him in the chair than I did enjoying my wonderful food.
Took me more than 10 min to stand behind people trying to ask for a to-go box, but can't complain about the food.

Service was excellent.
Came in for the macaroons and ended up discovering the apple turnovers and Chocolate croissants to be a must have.
To top it off, the chicken quiche was my 3 year olds favorite.
Highly recommend for French pastries.

Cute place with french restaurant quality food.
I had the quiche ratatouille and lemon tart I will be back!
Its not a large place so not good for parties larger than 4.

good place for us to have breakfast!

Loved this place.
I ordered the Monmarte Crepe with a Vanilla Cafe Latte and my best friend ordered the Vol Au Vent with a hot cocoa, both were recommended to us by the girl that was taking our orders.
The coffee wasn't anything great.
As a French bakery/cafe I was really hoping they had some good houseblend coffee or something.
Which is why I gave a 4/5 star rating.
They used normal Peet's coffee, so don't expect anything gourmet.
But the food!
THE FOOD!
It was excellent.
The crepe was delicious but the Vol Au Vent stole the show.
The puff pastry, the chicken, the mushrooms, and the sauce they covered it with had the most savory flavor.
It was amazing.
I 100% recommend this place and I will definitely go back because I totally forgot to buy some of their pastries on the way out.

Delicious brunch- had salmon brioche and friend had a rustic sandwich- both we're super yummy

I walked into this place excited to try some delicious French pastries.
Right when I walked into the restaurant there were two employees behind the counter.
I smiled and said hello and they immediately turned around and started talking to each other, meanwhile ignoring the fact that I walked in.
I started looking through the case and the desserts did not look as good as I had hoped.
I had some questions about the different kinds of French macaroons they carried and tried once again to get the attention of the two guys behind the counter.
They were too busy singing along with the radio and continued to ignore me and my attempts to ask questions.
After about 5 minutes I got frustrated and left.
As I was walking out of the door they both looked up and said "have a nice day" and went right back to singing.
I am all for having fun at work and I can understand being busy, but this place was slow and I was the only customer in the building.
The customer service was terrible and they have lost a customer for life.
I would not recommend visiting this place exclusively because of the terrible customer service.

Except for the fact that they serve Peet's coffee, nothing will entice me to return here anytime soon.
The interior is too drab for me.
It didn't make want to linger.
I ended up picking up my coffee and walking out.

