The Big AZ is big and greasy!
Tastes good too!

I passed this place a few days ago and it looked like it was already open.
I stopped in tonight for the first time and was told that they just opened yesterday.
This is a nice location with a patio.
I like what this plaza did with the traffic flow too.
This Smashburger did not disappoint because I got Smashed tonight.
I had a regular smashburger with grilled onions, jalapenos, tomatoes, lettuce, sweet relish and mustard on an egg bun.
The burger was juicy and perfectly cooked, what more could you want.

Awesome burger.
I had one in Ohio about two years ago and loved it.
For only being open two days, this place was humming and the staff had their business down.
My order came out perfect and quick.
The AZ burger was awesome.
Not too spicy, but very good balanced flavor with each bite.
The smash sweet potato fries were just delicious.
Tossed in salt, olive oil and rosemary, still crunchy, and nice and sweet.
I'm glad we have one close to work now!

$12 for burger, fries, and soda.
Unbelievable how much some of these "nicer" fast food places charge.
Added jalapenos to my burger and it was just four little rings in the middle.
What kind of add-on topping value is that?
On top of this, the habanero cheese isn't really hot at all.
Parking is atrocious since it shares spots with Jimmy Johns and others.

Good burger place.
Beats In n Out and five guys.

Upscale gourmet burger places are popping up all over the Valley.
Except this one is different!
I could write about how they are better than Coal Burger(?
), Five Guys or ZinBurgers, but why do that -- since they did a much better job:  "While most people are eating breakfast, we''re already doing lunch -- shaping fresh 100% Certified Angus Beef® into plump meatballs.
(When was our beef frozen, by the way?
Try never.
)  "Why meatballs, not patties?
Because unlike the other burger places, we don''t squish.
We smash.
Place your order and we spring into action, painting the grill with real butter, adding a dash of our secret spice blend, and smashing the meatball with a tool we invented ourselves (it''s so new, it doesn''t even have a name -- let''s just call it the smashing tool).
Okay, their corporate marketing aside, we had a very nice time here yesterday.
One of us ordered the large Smashburger Arizona, with Habanero cheese, quacamole, jalapeños on their spicy chipotle bun for $6.99(photo), along with the French Fries for $2.29(photo).
Ohh, was that good!
We also ordered the large Mushroom Swiss Smashburger for $6.99, and the Haystack Onions for $2.29.
Everything was outstanding and yummy.
Yummy?
Yes, yummy!
Like, why waste your time going somewhere else yummy!
Oh, yeah the bill for two came to $22.
Did I mention that Smashburger was an upscale gourmet burger place?
But that did include drinks and some sides.
I know that might be too Richie Rich$$ for some, so you can drive down FLW to In 'n Out and order it Animal Style.
But if you do, you will be missing an outstanding and delicious burger!
LOL  Enjoy!

Very pleasant burger joint for the more sophisticated taste buds!
You form a queue to order, fill your drink and grab a seat.
Staff bring your food out and even bus your table.
Our family ordered smash fries and regular fries, kids' cheeseburger, grilled cheese, an Arizona burger, standard cheeseburger and a salty-caramel milkshake.
All of it was delicious!
Kids ate it up.
I love the Arizona burger--just the perfect amount of fresh crunch and spice.
Yum!

Was not impressed at all, I wouldn't call this a Gourmet Burger, and they are expensive!
didn't like the way the meat tasted, too salty, and the french fries were ok, we ordered the Rosemary,Olive oil, and Garlic fries, my husband loves Burgers, but we will not go back !
this was the second time we had tried them!
I will say the Staff was Great, too bad their Burgers are not Great !
We would rather go to In In Out, or Five Guys !
They have really Loud Music playing also, which is not very pleasant, my husband and I could barely hear each other talk !

Yummy!
Much better than fast food fare.
Don't you dare leave without an order of Sweet Potato Smashfries.
OMG.
Delish!
It doesn't hurt that GiGi's Cupcakes is two doors down.
Somebody grab the burgers while someone else nabs the dessert.
Some things work out perfectly!

I have been wanting to check this place out for quite a while.
I finally had a chance to go and get a classic Smashburger.
When I first walked in I was presently surprised with the modern decor!
Large HDTV's for the menu, modern dining room.
I thought it was all great.
When I got my burger I was disappointed by how messy it was.
Also, the portion of fires you get are a bit disappointing.
Other then that, Smashburger is a great burger joint.

ok i'm editing my review, i now love this place, been addicted for past week....must have just been a bad experience the first time i went!
ps: if you dont like your stuff salty just order it with mild seasoning

Much better than five guys not even comparable.
Enjoyed 3 meals at Smashburger recently.

Their burger is great!
We go there all the time and we order different things off the menu and they are all great.
Staff is friendly and helpful.
This is not fast food.
I think I would call it casual dining.
They are slower than In and Out but about the speed of 5 Guys.
Better than both IMHO.

So this was my first time having a Smash burger and man do I have to say that I freakin loved it!!!!
The flavor that explodes in your mouth is absolutely amazing!!!
I ordered the Arizona and what a nice spice kick to it and very flavorful!!!
I also order the sweet potato fries and they were ok nothing ridiculously good.
After all set and done I got the bill and realized its $9.02 with tax, kinda was thinking to my self did I just really spend that much on a burger with some fries?
Yes I apparently did haha.
I wish they were cheaper lets say $5.99 + tax = ( 3/4lb burger + fries ) would be nice.
ARE YOU READING THIS SMASH???
Any way I was impressed so impressed I ended up going back a second time two nights in a row, got the original and that was flavorful too!!!!
Thanks again SMASH!!!!
Ciao, Luca

Back in the good ol' meat eating days, this place was bomb-diggity.
I love the custom burger option, and it's really wonderful to have a ton of different bread styles.
That  might be my favorite part.
Unfortunately for me, I am fairly uncreative when I am left to my own devices, so they have some great specialty burgers to offer too.
Deliciously addicting fries, zesty soda's, and top of the line service.
Best "cheap burger" place, hands down.

I just scrolled through the reviews and I am shocked.
Someone really likes this place?
It was a huge disappointment.
The food was below adverage.
In and out is much better.
The price is fine the fries never showed up so I can't say.
Two stars at the absolute most.
I may , if desperate, try a chicken sandwich.
It was a greasy disgusting hamburger, I did not take the leftovers for my dog.
The ambiance is car wash.
The help are looking suicidal.

wonderful in every way - great food, super friendly service, clean for sure - A SURE THING

Above average burger, but over priced compared to the other burger places in the Valley.
I ordered the Classic Smash with the haystack onion rings.
They put the smash sauce on the side, which is good, since I really didn't care for it too much.
The onion rings were thinly cut, but a tad to greasy.
If you plan on going a lot, sign up for the Smash club and they'll send you coupons for a free side.

Our fourth satisfactory trip to Smashburger seals the deal as far as my review is concerned.
Though there isn't much variety on the menu, they offer a lot of great choices to customize what you're getting - you can even choose what type of bun you get.
The burgers are great, black bean burger is excellent, fries and onion rings are awesome and they have really good shakes.
The one and only complaint I have so far is they are a little stingy with the blue cheese when it has been my cheese of choice.
A solid spot for burgers.

First time was the last time.
It wasn't so bad.
But, after eating there, my Wife says to me, "Would you ever come back here?
" Answer was a definitive no!
Hence, the 2 star rating.
Burger was really greasy, sweet potato fries were... Merhhhh... Onion rings (Haystacks) were very thin and, just... Mehhhh.
I also don't like this new trend of fast food restaurants pretending to be gourmet dining, with no service.
It's another do it yourself deal, and for 24 bucks for two, I want a waiter or waitress, thanks very much.
One & done, Smashburger.
See ya!

This location just opened in the past year.
I've had Smashburger before, when I lived in Vegas.
I finally got around to eating at this location.
I decided to order the Arizona Big Smashburger, $6.99 and Fries, $1.99.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smashburger-scottsdale?select=5lRFB7Gm-1U8tkOVjwU25A#5lRFB7Gm-1U8tkOVjwU25A http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smashburger-scottsdale?select=IRp7RymmFmSQng5DDymnGQ#IRp7RymmFmSQng5DDymnGQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smashburger-scottsdale?select=0uFd1V0_r9BfvSJXA96fkA#0uFd1V0_r9BfvSJXA96fkA  The Arizona Big Smashburger is pretty good...comes with Guacamole and fresh cut Jalapenos.
It has a nice kick to it....and tastes different than most Burgers you find out there.
The Guacamole is fresh and rich....adds a creamy smooth texture and compliments the sharpness of the Jalapeno.
The Fries are average at best.
This place gets very busy.
To avoid the crowds, try coming between meal periods.
Also, the parking lot can get nuts here because it's way too small for this shopping center.....I avoid it on the weekends.
Return Factor - 88%

I have gone here for lunch twice now and really liked it!
The first time I got a goat cheese salad with chicken and the second time I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.
Our food was delivered in less than 10 min.
(which is a must when you are on an hour break from work) and the staff was very nice.
The atmosphere is nice, casual, and clean and the prices are about average for lunch.
The only negative would be that the salad was somewhat small for the price...they just need to add more spring mix or spinach since the toppings were plenty, but the chicken was cooked perfect.
I am very critical when it comes to chicken and it was not veiny or chewy, which is really important since I always worry about chicken being undercooked.
The sweet potato fries were also amazing and not too greasy.
I have yet to try the burgers (which is weird since this is a burger joint) but I will be sure to update if I do!

Second time at this location and cold fries again.
Over $45 for 2 adults & 2 kids and I didn't order a side.
Burgers & chicken sandwich were okay but it's pricey.
For the $ there are better choices with table service.

I like their chicken sandwich and they have great shakes!

Burger joints that purport to be something special abound these days, and burgers are on the menu in many "fine" restaurants.
Is Smashburger any different?
I guess not.
Its menu is burgers.
You can pick the toppings.
They have french fries and sweet potato fries, shakes, drinks, and a few salads.
But Smashburger has an edge on most of its competitors - the burgers themselves are juicy and tasty.
This may be because they use (they say) fresh meat, "smashed" to order.
Also a bit above average: the bacon, the fries, the courtesy of the order takers.
With no outstanding negatives to offset these, Smashburger moves up into the four star range, as compared to other burger joints.
When will it all end?

Good solid and friendly service.
The BiG Smashburger was delicious.
Good comes out fresh and fast.
The burger was juicy and one of the best around.
The chocolate shake was sooooo good, I gave myself a brain freeze and it was worth every ounce of pain.
Well played Smashburger...well played.

Received a BOGO coupon and decided to give Smashburger a try.
Still wondering how all these burger places manage to put a new spin on a burger - seems like every new opening is a NEW burger place here.
This location is in a new little strip mall at 101/FLW - it has about 5 food joints all lined up so take your pick - sushi, Vietnamese rice bowl, cupcakes, subs, burgers....   Smashburger is kind of a trendy smallish place, they take your order and deliver to your table in reuseable paper-lined wire baskets.
I tried the Classic Chicken sandwich.
I had no expectations but was really impressed - smashed flat chicken breast perfectly seasoned with the standard lettuce, tomato, onion on top.
Very fresh with a real lettuce leaf, not that shredded iceburg stuff.
Served on a whole-wheat bun.
He ordered a Classic cheeseburger that was juicy and well dressed, no complaints.
We split an order of fries - cooked to perfection.
So I can't say I tried the most inventive item on the menu, but I feel Smashburger delivered a very good meal.
Call me a new fan, I'll be back.

We hit this place up regularly for lunch and no complaints thus far.
They have regular coupons if you sign up for their mailing list - so that definitely cuts down on the "gourmet" burger pricing (especially if you use the BOGO one).
The staff is always friendly and moves through the sometimes hectic lunch lines pretty quickly considering there are only 2 registers to use.
Pros: - good burgers (it's a burger joint first and foremost, so don't go in expecting restaurant service or fancy pants ambiance) - chocolate shake is yum - good service  Cons: - a touch pricey, especially for a work lunch break (Use those coupons and go on a Friday as a treat for yourself!
) - this location doesn't have the online ordering option which would be nice for a quick in-and-out if you are in a hurry  Overall: A-   Go in with expectations of a burger joint that isn't trying to be McDonald's, but also isn't trying to be Ruth's Chris and you'll be good to go!

Smashburger is one of those places that I'd always wanted to try but just got around to it last week.
There is a location close to my office so I grabbed some lunch for a couple of people.
I picked up a couple of burgers and for myself got the Arizona Chicken burger with smash fries.
It held up by the time I got to my office and sat down to eat.
There is a lot of heat in this sandwich, which is what I was looking for so I was very pleased.
I also really liked the smash fries, nice and crispy and nice seasoning.
I'll definitely be back.

I much prefer the Smashburger at Desert Ridge.
This place needed a little bit of help.

Me and my wife went there when it first opened and I have to say it was pretty good.
The service was fast and friendly and the burgers were Tasty.
It took about a month for it to go sliding down hill.
Food was cold and greasy.
My wife's black bean burger had a really weird taste that it never had before.
It's a shame because we would still go there if it still was of high quality.

Love this place and let me tell you why, not only is it because of the food-- It's the customer service I get at this place!!!
It had been a while since I have been in and I mean months, Emily remembered my name and what I order!
She IS the  definition of what customer service is.
Yes I understand its hard remembering names and what each person orders.
But no matter what she always has a smile on her face and talks the same way to each person!
She is going to go far in life no matter where or what she ends up doing!
Thank you!
And thank you Smashburger for making excellent choices when you hire people.
Now on to the food- The "Smash Fries" have rosemary and olive oil on them... they are a great change from your normal everyday fries.
The Arizona Burger is really tasty, hot jalapenos piled high (I love this), habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, purple onion, chipotle mayo, all on a chipotle bun.
Plus++++ if you join their club they send amazing coupons to you!

I really like this place for "fast" food without feeling like you are at a McDonalds.
You order your food at the counter and pay there and they bring it to you at the table, but will come to your table again to see if they can get you anything else.
I have been here many times now for dinner when I just wanted a quick, fairly inexpensive meal, and it is consistent and reliable.
I have only had chicken sandwiches but each one has been great.
I'm also told the burgers are good.
I love the sweet potato fries.
The milkshakes are also fantastic.
They sell beer which is a nice plus over typical fast food places.

This place is not good and not worth the prices.
I suggest you drive up the street to In-N-Out and save yourself some $$  The burger menu is over hyped and Smashburger doesn't deliver.
Please don't use truffle mayo and call the burger a truffle burger.
You are not Umami.
The buns here are soggy and gross, and the meat here is tasteless.
Don't go here.

It's a great place for a burger.
The meat is very good quality and the hamburger comes very well cooked and juicy.
The ingredients are fresh and you have a lot of choices with the burgers and with chicken.
I had the avocado and bacon burger and it was fantastic.
The smash fries are wonderful with the rosemary and olive oil.
Highly recommended if you're in the mood for a great burger or chicken sandwich.

Not a fan.
The burger was greasy and the meat, flavorless.
I opted for the Arizona, so the only saving grace were the semi-spicy toppings.
The staff definitely doesn't look like they enjoy being there and as another yelper said, the decor reminds me more of a carwash than a burger joint.
For the price it costs to go there I'd definitely recommend taking your money and driving to the In-n-out nearby.
Heck for a few dollars more you can head over to Four Peaks and have a REALLY good burger.

I love this place!
The Arizona burger is perfect!
This is the burger joint that I bring my family and friends from out of town!
I love the convenience of the location as well!
Very yummy food!
The smash fries are the best and a must order when you go!
Once in a while I will treat myself to a shake but sometimes it is hard to resist!
Also it is right across from the Camden #apartments that I live at so it is a great go to for a Burger night or quick lunch!Thumbs up Smashburger!
#scottsdaleaz #scottsdalelife #camdenliving #camdenlegacy

Service at this Smashburger is outstanding and the food is great.
I had some service issues with another location and I have to give kudos to the customer service team at Smashburger.
They really showed they cared.
Keep up the great work.

I have to say that I've been to plenty of Smashburgers so I knew what to expect when I visited this location.
Sadly, my family and I were really disappointed.
First, we went to get our drinks while they cooked our food and the drink station was filthy.
Not just dirty but FILTHY.
Trash, dried soda and, here is the kicked, HAIR!!!!!!!!
It was disgusting.
I told an employee they may want to clean up the station in a kind manner but he was more annoyed than anything.
Food was good but the chicken strips was a chicken breast cut into two pieces and deep fried, my daughter wouldn't touch it.
Smash fries had NO seasoning on it and yes, we did ask if we got the right fries, they said yes.
It was just a really bad experience and I hope if you read this Smashburger, you make sure to keep the drink station area clean and hair free.

Best Hamburgers and French fries in the area.
It is clean and a friendly, great atmosphere.
It is enjoyable every time I go there.
My most favorite place for a burger and fries.1

A yearning for a chargrilled burger led me to find Smashburger.
Although  not charcoal grilled, I ordered "The Classic" which turned out to be  one of the tastiest burger I have had in a while.
Served on a tray with themed paper, it was adorned with fresh lettuce, tomato, Smash-sauce, pickles, cheese,  and red onions sliced really thin.
Really juicy and tasty.
The regular fries I ordered were thin, crispy with a sprinkling of salt.
My granddaughter had the Smash-fries which were garnished with rosemary, garlic and olive oil.
These were incredible.
I had to steal some away from her.
The service is quick and friendly---Pay first, find your table and then they find you.
The only negative was a nasty wasp annoying us since we sat outside on such a beautiful day.
All in all it is a great value for a great meal.
We will be back....

Best burgers ever!
I love the veggie and my boyfriend loves the club.
Cool employees too.
I've ordered from them ten minutes before they closed and they still let me come pick up!
I was just getting off work so I was 20 minutes late, their door was open and my food was still waiting for me.
One guy tried to mess with me and tell me I couldn't get it even tho it was sitting right there.
It made me smile and laugh a bit.
They were obviously not the least bit upset that I was late they were quite understanding.

This is my favorite fast food burger spot around.
They have some great healthier options like a multigrain bun, chicken sandwiches and salads.
They easily have the best fries around too.
Love the Smash fries and sweet potato fries.
I just wish they stayed open a little later week nights.

Love smashburger!
Great taste, great price, and great staff!
Try the shakes if you never have, they're amazing.
Try avoiding 12-1:30, parking is limited due to all the lunch spots.
Other than that, this place rocks.

Actually surprised at how good my burger was here!
Great service & free fries if you fill out the survey on your receipt.

We've been going to the smash burger for quite some time now when I meet my wife for lunch at work.
The food is always prepared fresh and the people are friendly.
They have both indoor and outdoor seating options.
Burgers are nice and juicy, the toppings are very fresh.
Milkshakes are handspun at the time you order them.
For all of their sandwiches, you can either order one of their pre-designed burgers or chicken sandwiches, make custom tweaks to those, or completely build your own burger or chicken sandwich from the ground up with their nice selection of toppings and dressings.
A personal favorite is the Smashburger with the chipotle mayo and the haystack onions on top.
Usually my wife and I need to get our own burgers, and split an order of the smash fries.
If we're feeling extra hungry we'll add on a milkshake as well.
They bring the food out to your table once it has been prepared, and every now and then someone swings by to check on how you're doing, take away the plates, and fill your drink if needed.
It's like a nice combination of fast food meets dine in restaurant.

Great location to get to, good service and very prompt with the food.
Love the smash fries, bbq bacon burger with fried egg is delish.
Try the oreo shake which is always a winner.
The truffle mushroom burger is also a great choice.
This is above the in n out burgers and is as good as the expensive gourmet burgers at half the price.
Place is very clean and friendly.

Love ability to create my own smashburger, especially chicken sandwiches.
The fries are great too.

If you're looking for a great burger with a great milk shake on the side then this is your place.
The Original smash with added fresh jalapeños is usually what I get.
I top it off with a chocolate Oreo Shake and then I complete my chubby decision to eat here.

Very greasy food and if you want to have a heart attack, check out their calorie count on their burgers.
Oh yeah you will have a heart attack after eating it.
This place seems to be very popular but has mediocre food.

