We attended the Home & Garden Show in June, and were looking to upgrade our Master Bathroom from tile counter tops to granite.
We talked with the associates at the show, and received a call from Tina to meet us in person.
She really was well versed in how to handle and size our job.
The pricing was very competitive and gave us options when deciding on whether to keep an existing glass tiled back splash or bringing in the granite for a total finished look.
We got to pick the slab with Tina's expertise, which made our new vessel sinks standout.
We had guest arriving from out of town, and, they met our timeline with ease.
This team was excellent throughout the process, and you really sensed the pride they take in their work, and how they value your business!
Next step, removing carpet and installing tile throughout.
If you want a dedicated team of professionals for end to end service, call Diamond Granite & Remodeling!

From the start of our kitchen remodel, my wife and I both had some negative experiences with a few granite company's and the seemingly careless, flakey way they handled business.
It wasn't until we sat down with Alex Bores at Diamond Granite that we felt like we had found a reliable, reputable company to work with.
The first thing we noticed was that Diamond Granite had pricing and transparency in the buying process.
Not one of the other companies we met with, were willing to, or could give us pricing.
We knew from the moment we selected our materials, what the cost would be.
We then had to select our actually slabs, and that was something that was not in Diamond's control.
We went to Arizona Tile and Bedrosian's to find the 2 different materials we needed.
I can honestly say that Bedrosian's knows how to treat customers, Arizona Tile could give a crap about you.
I have reviews for both of them on Yelp as well.
Alex was there through every step in the process, making sure our needs were met and that his team was doing everything to our satisfaction.
His crew was able to get in days ahead of schedule when the carpenter had finished the cabinets install ahead of schedule.
They were fast, efficient and extremely courteous.
In the midst of the week between template and install, my wife had a change of heart in the island.
No problem.
Alex stopped everything, help us get the different material and the slab was changed with no stress.
This wasn't an easy task as we required a super sized slab for the island 128" x 56".
But again, Alex and Diamond Granite came through for us.
Install day came and the guys did a fantastic job.
The kitchen was really shaping up.
Our only complaint (and it's small when looking at the big picture).
The backsplash tile installers were clearly in a hurry and did sloppy work the first day.
They left chipped glass all over our driveway and kitchen counters.
Once again Alex stepped in.
On day 2 they came out, removed the tiles that didn't meet ours or Alex's standards and completed the job beautifully.
If you want transparency in the process, great customer service and AWESOME follow through, you want to work with Diamond Granite.
We will and have already recommended them to others.

Before I start this sad story I would like to say that My bad experience comes pretty much soley because of the installers this company uses.
So picking my granite and so forth went nicely.
It appeared to have been installed nicely when I noticed an extra seam which looked like some miss measured a cut and just glued in an extra piece.
I was a little disturbed that this happened especially since no one even told me.
I felt like someone was covering up their mistakes.
I took pictures and said that I wanted it done right.
So the installers were had to buy a new piece and reinstall the miscut section of granite.
Easy fix right??
Nope.
I wasted a whole day waiting around for these guys to fix this and in the process they damaged one of the good pieces of granite.
Luckily I caught it and confronted them asking what are you going to do about these chips?
The installers said they would fill it in.
I said no I want a nice straight seam.
Then they began to complain because they would have to remove the island which looked and was very difficult.
Finally we agreed to grind the edge.
I said okay.
So my house gets dusty which I'm okay with it's getting done right.
Only the next day the light reflects on the opposite edge that was fixed and I see chunks of granite missing which were filled in.
Really??
Now I'm getting a little mad.
I took pictures and sent them to the rep and explained that this whole project is getting delayed because the installers are trying to hide mistakes.
All I asked was for it to be filled in correctly because I was ready to install my backsplash.
So the installer comes a third time 2 hours late again and fills it in.
It still looks like crap but I just don't want these people around anymore.
It makes me feel awkward.
Now a week after all this my sink which sits under the granite is leaking between the granite and sink edge.
I'm absolutely livid now because I paid thousands of dollars for a "professional" installation when in fact I probably could have done a better job myself.
If you're going to use these guys beware of the installers they use.
They flat out suck!!

I recently wanted to upgrade my kitchen and bathrooms as well as my front patio.
I called Diamond Granite & Remodelling and made an appointment immediately.
I worked with Kim with the entire project and she helped me greatly and saved me some bucks on the granite I purchased.
The installation went well and one mistake in granite measurement was rectified and replaced correctly.
My patio was just completed yesterday and the whole job went smoothly and is done beautifully.
I highly recommend Diamond and if you want good service give Kim a call.
You will be happy you did!
I will post pictures soon.

