The best juice place I've discovered in the Phoenix area.
Everything is cold pressed within a day and comes in a variety of flavors.
Many times juices can be incredibly difficult to swallow but these are all surprisingly tasty.
The staff is knowledgeable and willing to spend quite a bit of time with you answering questions or developing your own program.
The word is starting to get out which leads to them occasionally running out of juices.
It's best to go in the morning to be assured of getting the juices you want.

Best juices around - and they're the real deal (cold pressed, nutrient dense, organic etc.)!
Their food is awesome too.

Simply delicious.
Fresh and smooth juices- loved the Gold one with greens, apple and mint.
Lovely owner- gracious and patient.
So happy to have found this hidden gem!

Coming from San Francisco where juice has become more style than substance it was a HUGE pleasure to run across Kaleidoscope juice.
The green apple, lemon, ginger, Cayenne (Gold) and the spinach, ginger, green apple, celery, lemon mint (Anton) were my clear favorites, but all the flavors that I tried were tasty, clean, and fresh.
I am becoming a huge fan of cold pressed juice and there are only one or two juice bars that I have visited offering anywhere near this quality product.
I would recommend this spot if it were just for the juice, but the daily fresh organic snacks made the experience unbeatable.
I would mention favorite quinoa dishes or desserts, but offerings seem to change daily with each being better than the last.
If you have any questions or want to chat you couldn't find a nicer and more knowledgable proprietor who seems to be there night and day.

So glad to have found this place!
Definitely the best place to get fresh juice in town.
I highly recommend the wheatgrass lemonade, but all of the flavors I have tried have been delicious.
The juice is always fresh and it is always served with a smile.
5-stars!

This stuff will change your life...
It's so much more then juice and it starts with the love and care of the owners.
Their commitment to your wellness and understanding of how what you ingest changes your energy and your health makes Kaleidoscope Juice not to be missed!
If you are looking for a kick start in the form of a cleanse or just looking to make healthy care a part of your day to day, the owners can guide you towards a program that will help you feel vibrant, energized and excited about what you are eating.. or in this case drinking.
All the juices are cold pressed and totally fresh made with all organic ingredients so you can rest assured you are giving your cells the best stuff on the planet.. and trust me you will FEEL the difference.
You can also pick up some amazing salads made with the same love and care like my favorite, the kale quinoa.
Kaleidoscope is a true testiment to what a fresh, conscious, local experience can be - catered to inhance your personal well being and guaranteed to put a little extra bounce in your step.
Don't miss out.. this stuff will change your life!

I had the pleasure of being exposed to Kaleidoscope even before it was named.
I have tried many of the juices that are made by them everything is Ammmazing...
If you are looking for health improvement take a "Juice Cleanse Challenge".
To be honest Alexandra (the owner) may not even know what that means but just tell her Rich said do a Juice Cleanse and she will set you up..  Well worth it!

Phoenix finally has a juice bar!!
I've been dying for something like this and now that it is finally here I can't say enough good things.
Alexandra, the owner, is so knowledgeable about all things juicing and truly cares about her customers.
Every time I've been in she makes recommendations based on what I'm looking for.
In addition the the awesome service, I love the juice here.
Not only is it fresh and flavorful, but there is such a variety that I am constantly finding myself ordering/trying something new each time I come in.
Every single thing is so delicious.
I am a huge fan of the quinoa salads--they come in huge portions and make for a perfect lunch when paired with a juice, and you will still have some left over for later.

Kaleidoscope juices and salads have changed my life!
Made from the finest, purest organic real vegetables and fruits - they are delicious and they help you feel better, healthier and more balanced throughout the day.
The cravings disappear as well as the pounds the more you drink!
Highly recommend and nice to know the owner is committed to improving the health of her customers!

Love this place!!!
They have the best juice, and it's organic and cold pressed!
Very knowledgeable about cleansing and overall health.
They genuinely want to share their knowledge with you and help you have a more energized and healthier life!

Nice people, amazing product, couldn't ask for anything better.
Quinoa and kale salad is so delicious.
I hope they make it out to Vegas.
I would totally be a daily customer!
In love

I discovered this place just by coincidence, guess where they are located, yes, inside a cupcake store.
I had been wanting to do a detox juicing day for a while.
I even checked out the one Selma Hayed does, so when I found KJ, I was thrilled.
All the juices are freshly pressed and they are organic.
I have done the one day reboot twice now.
I am not going to lie to you, it was not easy, by the end of the day everyones heads looks like a juicy hamburger.
I try to get busy and be distracted the day I do it.
The last one was a lot easier, since I had so many things to do with the twins.
By 6 p.m. that day, I still had two whole juices to go, woohoo.
I all seriousness, the juices are very good, and this coming from a cupcake queen.
I love the Steve's Green Dragon, it has Kale, Green Apple, Mint, Cucumber, Celery, Parsley and Jalapeño which gives it a spicy kick.
The Anton and the Watermelon Mint are also in my must have list.
I mainly do this to give my body a shot of healthy veggies, although the first time I lost 4 pounds, of course that doesn't last long, I kept 2 of those off.
The second time I didn't loose as much, but I am at my lowest weight, which will probably last 15 minutes.
I am trying to give myself a buffer before my birthday binge.

AMAZING!!!
I wish I could give Kaleidoscope Juice 100 stars!
Alexandra and her mom Andrea have really brought something so incredible to Scottsdale.
I love the juice, salads, wraps and treats.
Their store is easy to find and parking isn't a problem.
For anyone who has tried juicing at home knows it isn't exactly easy.
The prices are very reasonable and the product is simply the best.
I highly recommend Kaleidoscope Juice, I LOVE supporting this small local business!

I was diagnosed with thyroid cancer coming up on 10 years ago.
Two years ago I went for a second opinion at they Mayo Clinic and they found some additional involvement and have been on a little bit of a roller coaster ever since.
In January I decided I wanted to make a change.
I wanted to change my focus to nourishing my body instead of fighting my cancer.
Loving my body, instead of wasting energy hating this small part of me.
I was interested in starting juicing both for occasional cleanses and weekly supplements, and I was lucky enough to stumble upon Kaleidoscope.
I am addicted.
I love so many of the combinations they have, and I love the energy I have drinking them.
And my next Mayo appointment 2 months after making this change, which has also included adding meditation and Bikram Yoga to my life, my tumor marker came down significantly!
Each bottle is made with the best ingredients, the best process and so much love.
I can't thank Kaleidoscope Juice enough.
I recommend them to all of my family and friends.

The juices were great tasting, but they are all premade so you can't alter any I gradients.
Also, pretty pricey at $10 for a bottle.

Even though their juices are on the expensive side, I have become a believer in their concoctions.
I recently drank the Flu Shot.
I never would have known about it if I wasn't following them on FB.
For a limited time the shop was giving away free drinks of this with another purchase.
I haven't tried the Grapefruit one yet because every single time I go there they are sold out of it.
That is a drawback of this place, they don't seem to be able to keep up with customer demands.
I wish they would have more juices in stock because I hate not getting the drinks I want.
But the ones I have tried...
I love!

Love this place!
Has the freshest tasting juice that is cold pressed and knowledgeable people to help you with a cleanse or just a kick start to a healthier life!
I spent quite some time there the other day just talking with Alexandra!
I came in just before closing and wanted to start a cleanse the next day.
They were basically out of juices so instead of having me come back when they opened the next day, she told me to just come back later that night when they were done juicing and she would help me pick out juices to make a great cleanse!
Needless to say, all of their juices taste amazing!
It's kind of pricey, but definitely worth it!

Products and people with integrity... what a concept!!!
These girls are doing so many great things that they deserve nothing but success!
I think juicing can get a bad rep sometimes for not being ultra tastey, but kaleidoscope juices are all very well thought out using only organic ingredients!
Also their Thai Tiger Salad is amazing!
On top of the products being excellent, they compost all of their waste from the juicing!
BIG PLUS!
All in all one of my favorite spots to visit!
Staff is very knowledgable, friendly and can help you whether you a seasoned juicer or just trying something new!
Go get a juice, it will make you feel energized!

Not a fan.
I question their ingredients and ethics.
The women working there are all extremely rude.
Certainly lacking in customer service!

You don't have to be a triathlete or a fitness buff, all you have to do is know your body needs solid nourishment.
The owners of Kaleidoscope understands this!
Not only do they serve wonderful recipes of pure awesomeness for the body, they do with class & integrity--everything they juice is organic & zen.
For weeks, I was scouting for an organic juice shop and while this may seem easy to do, it's not.
3 weeks ago, I was very happy to find this nugget of gold nestled in downtown Scottsdale & then on the same day I found out that they have opened another store in North Scottsdale, walking distance from my new home at Windgate Ranch.
The store in old town Scottsdale is next to Poisoned Pen on the corner of Goldwater and Indian School.
Now back to their juice recipes.
Their juices are jammed packed with medicinal whole foods and offer herbal shots/boosts to your drink.
I was happy to find the use of cucumber as a base instead of the sugary tastes when using apples or carrots.
Their produce is local, fresh and organic.
Juicing with locally grown produce is optimal for the body as it lives and thrives within the same environmental zen.
Additionally, they compost all of their waste from the juicing.
If you are interested in healing your body, sleeping better at night, having more energy without the side effects of caffeine and energy drinks then I recommend Kaleidoscope.
The ingredients of their juices have a much more profound effect on the body because many of their herbs and plants restore the liver, gallbladder, heart and tonify the internal organs and clean the blood.
Their recipes help bring the body back to the source of its purpose; to live healthier.
Because they juice organic, I can drink without worries that their products were not grown in pesticide ridden soil.
If it's not organic then you might as well order a cucumber, kale,and spinach pesticide juice because that is exactly what the produce is when not grown organic.
The pesticide is in the soil as the plants grows and so, pesticide is embedded within the entire plant.
After I got addicted to their juices within a week, I decided to do the 7-day cleanse.
This was on my to-do list for a long time; and I knew with the knowledgeable Alexandra's (one of the owners) help and the quality of juices, I could do this.
I'm glad to say that I finished my 7-day cleanse without any problem yesterday.
Alexandra and her staff guided me throughout the 7-day journey with their deep knowledge of the juices as well as the flow of positiveness.
Needless to say, I'm hooked on to their juices, the best ever.
My journey to a much healthier lifestyle has just started with the 7-day cleanse.
Thanks to Kaleidoscope for truly elevating my lifestyle!!
I wish you all the success & I'll continue to come to your stores every day.

This place is ok.
Went in for the first time last week and the girl didn't know much about the products.
Was disappointed they couldn't help me more.
Also unlike the other local juice bars they won't let you sample anything before you purchase it.
I did not like that, so I purchased two kids, one was good and the other was awful.
If the had provided samples I would have been able to find what I like before taking home and getting stuck with it.
I didn't even drink half of one of my bottles

I LOVE this juice bar.
If I'm feeling lethargic or the beginnings of a cold or if I just want a yummy juice, I head straight in!
Love the girls who work here too.
My personal favorites are the River, Dusti Beet and the Flu Shot.
They also have this one that tastes like coffee... Yummmm-meeee!

Love love love Kaleidoscope Juice!
This is a busy person's dream.
It makes getting extra nutrients &/or cleansing so simple.
Everything tastes fantastic.
My favorites are Gold, Dusti Beet, Kerri's Clean Green, & the Strawberry Protein Almond Milk.
I've done several 3 days cleanses & i absolutely love the 1 day reboot when I'm feeling a little low on energy.
I tell everyone about Andrea & Alexandra & Kaleidoscope.
I've lost track but I think at least 50 of my friends, family, & client have done their cleanses (either as a group or on their own) & many say they pop in all the time for a juice or two.
Wish these ladies all the success in the world, they're doing great things :)

I can finally write about my favorite little hidden spot: Kaleidoscope.
I always complain about not getting enough veggie nutrients and got on a major juicing kick before moving to AZ.
What I didn't consider was the expense of a juicer and working on a low salary, so what do to?
Find a juice bar!
When I searched for Kaleidoscope at first, I couldn't find it and gave up, messaging the owner (embarrassingly)  to figure out where in the world they were.
She responded quickly and was incredibly friendly, leading me right to the doorstep of their fantastic shop!
They have all kinds of juices and almond milk/milk-substitute drinks that will help curb the appetite if you're cleansing.
Bottles are $10 and they have varying flavors.
They are always more than happy to give you suggestions based off of your taste preferences and helped me pick out my cleanse assortment.
They also have little salads, healthy snack options and raw sources like whey, etc.
The inside of Kaleidoscope is bare bones and I love it.
You see the countertops that they make all of their juices on, bowls of fresh produce, the machines, bottles in the back and the fridge upfront with fresh-made juices that are labeled with expiration dates.
I am a huge fan of the River, the Dusti Beet, the Kerri's Clean Green and the Strawberry Protein Milk.
They aren't flashy, and I love that.
They deliver orders, have small drawings, and keep things simple--just like their concept.
Two thumbs up from this gal!

If I didn't drop a minimum of $20 on every visit they'd definitely get 5 stars.
Best juice in Scottsdale, hands down.
Whether you're doing a cleanse or just need an afternoon boost of nutrients, all their juices are fresh and delicious.
My favorite is the Green Dragon - jalapeño yum!
or the Hot Yogi - so refreshing!
They also have a few options to chew on and everything I've had tastes great and will make you feel fabulously healthy.
Thanks for taking care of me Kaleidoscope!

Incredible!
Immortal machine.
Too many ingredients to list but the most delicious and nutritious smoothie.
Also recommend the turmeric flush with a Wheatgrass pour over is crazy delicious.
They also have these Rice crispy treats that have more healthy ingredients that most of us get in a week - even including unexpected ingredients like tahini.
They are in their cold case to the right of the front ordering area.
You can also grab a fresh salad as well.
They make them each day and plop them right in the ol' fridge as well.
I noticed one with Soba noodles... everything else is mostly gluten free as well.
WAY better than any juice place I have ever visited.
Ever.

Really great owner, and great juice!

The juices are amazing here !
So good I could drink them all day everyday , but unfortunately I can't ...
The only down side is they are pretty pricey , 10$ a juice.
So if u wanna do a cleanse prepare for a good chunk of $$ to be spent :(  I'd give 5 stars if they were a little more affordable for a daily basis.

So I gave them another try.
First thing I noticed was the depressed looks at the marginalized women faces that work there.
Then the one "white boss" so to speak got up from her laptop and did not even say hello or ask if I have any questions (which I did!
) I fended for myself, made the best attempt to educate myself and paid.
Not a single thank you or even a smile.
My heart ached for the women cutting up all the vegetables and hope that they are treated better than I was as a customer!
Why I am really writing this review for is the mess in the store!
Boxes everywhere, a mess.
Looks like a tornado ran right by it.
I know you're growing and this location probably doubles as the manufacturing plant but that's not an excuse to have a mess.
Clearly a health violation!

I LOVE this place!
I have tried all the juices and haven't had one I didn't like.
I make a special trip once a week to stock up on juices.
You feel amazing after drinking knowing you are putting something healthy into your body.
I have also tried the muffins and breakfast "cereal" (I think its called "Breakfast Plumber"), they are delicious.
My only complaint would be the price.
At the same time it's so easy and I don't have to spend my day cleaning up a juice mess!

ABSOLUTE FAVORITE!
Amazing juices, salads, coffees, treats!
SO fresh & SO yummy always!
Healthy, organic, and delicious.
A little pricey but you get what you pay for!
So much love for Kaleidoscope Juice.
xoxo

I confess...
I'm not a juice person.
However, I am most definitely married to one, and that's how I know all about the awesomeness that is Kaleidoscope Juice!
Their juice is the good stuff : super fresh, packed with genuinely healthy things, sometimes yummy, and perfect for anything from a pick-me-up to a multi-day cleanse.
The ladies know their stuff and, if you don't know your juices, they're happy to guide you - tell them your goals and tastes and you get matched up with some juice.
While not cheap, the fine ingredients merit the price.
I'm a huge fan of the Flu Shot for a healthy boost.
I definitely feel great after drinking it...somehow, lemon and apple mix harmoniously with oil of oregano and garlic!
I also love the Gold, which is among their tastier options.
My husband has done several cleanses, drinking only their juice, and has felt invigorated all day - he's had beet juices, green juices, almost every variety.
TIP: He loves incorporating an almond milk into cleanses - tastes great and slightly more filling.

