These folks were great!
From the receptionist to each of the Dentists they were thorough, very friendly and made me feel comfortable.
They were quick, getting all of my procedures done in several weeks.
I am glad I found them!

Over the past 15-20 yrs, I've been to a dentist office only two times due to my great fear of dentist.
A couple of years ago, I decided it was time to see a dentist.
That's when I met Dr. A, who was very caring, thorough and painless.
Needless to say, I have been very happy with him since.
Also, the staff is friendly and the office is very clean.

d'r Gordon  and the her staff were very kind and professional  ,the treatment was very good  fast  and comfort  .
I recommend  with all my heart .
thank you D'R Gordon .

I have been going here for the past 7 years.
I take my children here also.
Dr. Gordon is great.
We love her personality.
She was very calming to my children and they trust her now.
The hygienists have always been very professional too.
Another person who is the first and last person you will talk to is the office manager Tyrone.
His personality and professionalism makes him a real asset to them.
If you are looking for a dentist in the Green Valley area, I highly recommend them.

Just had my teeth cleaned by the hygienist for the fist time.
She did an amazing job and most importantly she was PAINLESS!!
Definitely going back :-)

Ive HATED the dentist since I was a kid.
As soon as im in that chair I immediately tense up and cant control my breathing.
The staff members are always smiling and are conversational which puts my nerves to ease.
Ive had crowns and fillings done by Dr. A and Dr. Gordon and these are no fun but with one lift of my left hand they poke me until im completely numb.
Im usually quiet about my pain but this is definitely a plus!
I never thought id be so excited for cleanings either.
One thing I really do appreciate is they notice patterns in your teeth whether your grinding, chattering, or doing anything abnormal theyll point it out.
The service is what has me coming back.
If you listen to everything they say your visit will be a breeze!

Doesn't get any better than Soft Touch Dental!
The staff always have great positive attitude.
Zammy and Tyrone welcome you like family and greet you by name.
Dr. Gordon and Dr. Anghesom always do a great job of taking care of me and making sure my experience is always a plus.
Definitely the place to go to get some work done.

I just moved to Vegas and broke the crown I had so I called the number for soft touch dental at 2 am and someone answered!
He set me up with an immediate appointment.
I went in, the place is very clean and the staff is so kind!
I was told I had to buy a new crown or fly back to the original dentist to get it fixed which was not going to happen.
So I bought a new crown and the process was seamless I got all the impressions done.
Got the new crown in today and I love it!
I am so glad I chose them.
They are professional, meticulous, and again very nice!

The best dentist office you can go too!
From Tyrone who has the best customer service to the Dr's that will try and put a smile on your face.
I will recommend this office and rate it the BEST IN VEGAS!

Hated coming to the dentist until I started coming to this office!
Dr. Gordon always has me laughing!
The staff is always so nice and friendly.
Now I can't wait to come to the dentist!!

