I think this is the BEST fast food Mexican restaurant in Vegas.
By far the best customer service.
The food isn't greasy/oily like other restaurants.
I love the fish tacos and breakfast burritos.

I agree with the last review.
Best Authentic Mexican food in town.
I have eaten at a ton of Mexican Food places in town and you wouldn't expect such a great place to be in a gas station, but it is delicious!.
Food taste fresh and not greasy.
The staff is always SUPER nice and accommodating.
A lot of Mexican food places in town tend to feel really dirty inside and Chile Verde is not at all like that.
It is always really clean.
The prices are right in line with what you would pay at a don tortaco or faustos, but I can tell you right now the food is WAY better.

Don't let the fact this place is in a gas station fool you.
Extremely clean, and the food is fresh and good!
Nachos are amazing.
The main guy that works is fast and nice.

I love Mexican food and dishes.
The GF and her daughter don't care too much for it though.
The end result is I don't get to enjoy Mexican food too often but I found a perfect loophole.
I just say "hey sweetie my car is dirty and needs a full wash inside and out" this gives me at least 20 minutes to drop off my car at the gas station for a full service car wash/detail/and fuel up.
Once done I head inside and place an order for some of the best, top notch Mexican food on this side of Vegas.
Being a Gringo I normally like ground beef tacos and don't like the shredded beef ones but here the shredded beef is perfectly seasoned and grilled to ordered on an Iron Flat top.
They throw the onions and peppers on the grill and that fuses all the flavors together with the meat.
Simply stated its delicious.
The enchiladas and the sauce is damn good as well.
Probably 2nd in Vegas.
(There is a hole in the wall dive place in south Vegas that beats them in my opinion but that's about it).
Only downside to this place is that its an express and shares space with a gas station.
Seating/parking can be minimal especially on the weekends when everyone is getting a car wash/ fuel but by paying for that full service car wash your car is in their hands for at least 20 mins and that is plenty of time to get your food cooked and consumed before leaving with a near spotless vehicle.
It may seem weird to go to a gas station for a taco but trust me its worth it!

Who'd a thunk it to find a great Mexican spot inside a gas station??
But it was pretty legit for where it was.
And the ONE guy working the place was very friendly, FAST, and made yummy grub!
Their salsa was very tasty and you could tell it wasn't the canned or bottled crap.
They had a pretty wide selection of food, very impressed!

Had my oil change done this morning at Choice gas station, and decided to have breakfast while my oil change was getting done.
The place is call Chile verde, OMG!!
There chicken burrito is soooooo freaken good, way better than most taco shops.
The place is very clean and the service was quick.
By the time I was done with my food my oil change was done, Now that's service!!
Before I took off I ordered another burrito to go since I enjoyed it so much.
I will definitely be back before my next oil change is due.

Great breakfast burritos!
This guy kills it..
Car wash, gas, oil change and burrito!

This is a wonderful little mexican restaurant!
All of the food is cooked fresh to order and is very tasty!
I am a true fan!

Yes, in a gas station.
To be fair it's quite a snazzy gas station, the kind with a full service car wash with people hand waxing and such.
Chicken is light and fluffy with no fat or bones.
Chips are the deep fried semi-greasy kind but that's my only gripe.
All Ingredients are fresh light and not too spicy or too greasy.
1st visit we had the super nachos w chicken and two cheese enchilada combo meal.
Delicious!

This is a cool concept - Mexican express in a gas station.
I'm addicted to their Chile Verde.
Carnitas Burito is mucho delicioso!!!
The poor guy is often alone - cooking, taking orders, cash register, packing to-go food..  but its definitely worth waiting!
Towards the bathroom there's a funky seating with few tables, chairs, couch..even massage chairs and foot massagers while you wait for your food.
Don't know what to say about this seating/waiting/dining area combo .......cute?
maybe convenient :)  Definitely my Mexican express!

Are you kidding me!
Why haven't I been here before!
Robertos tastes like old socks compared to this place.
Fifteen rolled tacos came to $12.75...and they were so bomb!
Watched the cook make them fresh,  guac was fresh too.
The rolled tacos were absolutely delicious and not dripping with grease like other places I've been.
Kitchen was extremely clean and organized.
It's located in a the convenience store of a gas station, but after trying it... who cares.
Try it.

Had to try this place out because of the good reviews.
Ordered the "Super Nachos" w/ chicken, carne asada burrito, and of course their fish tacos.
Fish tacos are one of my all-time favorite foods and I order them everywhere .. and I gotta say their's are very good.
And oh man, they put 2 HUGE pieces of fish in each taco.
Delicious.
As for the nachos, they were okay but I found the chicken a little dry .. maybe try a different meat on those next time.
The burrito was quite tasty as well and also on the large side.
Good mexican food, good service.
And you can get your car cleaned while you eat!

I wouldn't say it's the best burrito I've had but I have had worse!
The place is clean an don't let the whole gas station thing scare you, it's all good.
All the ingredients seem to be fresh and the  asada was good, there just seemed to be something missing ... That pizaz, the bannng, the boom?
For a quick fix, it'll do.... Plus I can almost walk there !

Food is always consistently delicious...don't let the location fool you.
Food is great and pricing is very reasonable..the nachos are a great choice meat is always cooked perfect and the portion is more than enough for two people!

Great food extremely generous portions my new go to place for Mexican food.
Who knew that you could find great food in a gas station.

Burritos and the chips are amazingly awesome.
Saw one customer that was complaining because the chef told him he could only accept cash at the moment and it was closed for a moment, the customer was also mad because his kids were hungry.
To that customer, there are tons of places to elsewhere.
If you were so concerned of your children being hungry, maybe take them somewhere else to eat instead of complaining and posting it on fb/yelp.
Are you really that lazy to walk a block to find foods?
Anyways, foods and service is awesome!
Keep it up!!

Hidden Gem.
Great Mexican food.
Definitely better than Robertos and Don Tortaco.
Get a car wash, gas, and a California burrito

Good mexican food, real fresh.
I had the chicken chimichanga plate and my husband had the green chile verde plate.
The prices are pretty reasonalble too, our food came up to $14.00 something.
There was only one guy cooking in there on a Saturday and it seemed really busy but we got our food in a reasonable time.
I recommend it and will be back.

Carlos The Tacoman kills this spot..
Probably the best taco shop on the southwest side of town.. And it's in a gas station!!

Honestly as a former chef.
This places is one of the hidden gems in Vegas.
The food is some of the best I've had.
And the prices are really affordable.

For anyone looking for a real authentic, Mexican food taste this is the spot,  Don't go to any of those other fake Mexican food places Roberto's or Don Tortaco which that place gave me the runs but that's another story,  This place is a one man band, and he doesn't disappoint on a busy you may get a delay on getting your food however it's well worth the wait,  If your impatient go to Taco Bell and enjoy fake crappy Mexican food,  I personally love the asada burrito, which the meat taste fantastic being born and raised in Los Angeles We have Mexican food places around every corner,  This place reminds me of back home,  I also tried asada fries they were amazing, but the gym hated me that night for them, lol    For a great Mexican food taste eat at chile verde

Ok i had to try this place from the reviews it was a no brainer.
I had the carne asada burrito.
Food was solid but it wasnt the best i have ever had.
It was good.I just moved here from los angeles and have been eating mexican food my whole life so all i can say is that in this town that there seems to be a shortage of quality food places and thats why people get blown away whenever something decent comes along.
dont get me wrong this place was solid..fresh tortillas,lots of meat good quality meat too.
The only thing i would say is that there is only 1 man working there i presume he is the owner,but I mean come on YOU NEED HELP...you cant do it all yourself it's not efficient for you or the customers.
Im assuming he does this either because he is looking for help or he doesent want to pay for help.In any event he could definitely increase his sales with some assistance.Otherwise a solid choice for mexican food.

I absolutely love the food they serve.
Fresh ingredients are hard to find these days.
I've been going to them for as long as they opened.
I visit them at least once a week to get my pork tacos.
The best in the city!

We were looking for a good to-go Mexican food restaurant seeing as Amigos had gone out of business, and Robertos was just not cutting it.
We stumbled across this place on Yelp and was surprised to find out it was located within a gas station.
We still ordered though, and to our surprise.....
IT WAS THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD WE HAVE HAD IN LAS VEGAS.
The chicken tacos are the best.
The shell is the right combination of crispy and crunchy, and the taco isn't overly greasy like other places.
Everything I have tried here has been absolutely delicious and not once have I had a bad meal.
The only thing to be aware of is that there is only one guy working the whole area.
So don't expect to be in and out within 5 mins.
Everything is made when it is ordered, so it does take more time compared to a Robertos.
But the extra time waited is definitely worth it!

**** Alert!
Alert!
---- Mexican Ninjas Invade Choice Gas Station !!!!
*****************  A Mexican ninja who goes by the name of Carlos is a one man show a la Magic, a la Lebron.
He takes the orders, preps/cleans when no one is there, chops, cooks, rolls, serves - the one man ninja does it all with SPEED, EFFICIENCY, and CONSISTENCY!
I never seen a cook work so fast and deliver stellar, authentic, home cooken Mexican fast food.
We walked up to the counter and didn't see the bell by the register so stood for a few minutes while Carlos was in the back being his ninja master self.
He arrived back and showed us the bell - now we know...hah  We asked him what's good......the asada, burritos, fajitas to which he replied, "everything....everything fresh"   I asked a follow up question and was cut off with the same reply.
Carlos wasn't going to budge and after ordering a chile verde and asada combination plate, and a fresh order of tortilla chips and salsa i know why.......Everything here is the sh1t!
What I like most about this set up is that you can watch how it all unfolds.
Nothing is hidden.
You'll see all his tricks if you can keep up.
Order with confidence and you'll be granted a quick, fast, homemade meal that's better than any fast food mexican in vegas and rivals most sit down restaurants.

this place is legit!!!
probably the best Mexican food I've ever had.
tried the carne asada burrito and adobada burrito.
they were both excellent but if I had to choose I'd say the carne asada wins in a close one.
I highly recommend this place who wants freshly made and very delicious food.
Can't miss.
will be back to try rest of menu.

The rave reviews are a slight exaggeration - I wouldn't call it the best mexican in town, but it is good with large portions and cheap prices.
Definitely better than what you'd typically expect from a gas station restaurant.
I just got the carne asada nachos for $7.50 which was pretty solid and overflowing with cooked to order steak.
I'm a fan of heat, so I liked that the pico had quite a bit of chopped jalapenos but if youre not, be sure to ask for non spicy pico (if he makes it, I didn't ask).
It is called a Mexican grill so seems like his meats are all cooked on the flat top vs like chicken tinga.
I would probably make this my new go to for neighborhood mexican, but he closes early at 6pm on Saturdays and 4pm all other days.
I have a thing for late night mexican runs, so its just not meant to be.

Awesome neighborhood place - fresh food cooked to order while u wait

I love finding great food spots in unexpected places.
After hearing the buzz for Chile Verde Express, I had to check them out for myself.
Inside a convenience store at a gas station, this place was busy when I arrived.
It's basically a one man show.
The guy took orders and cooked and did it all in a very efficient way.
The wait wasn't long for my chicken nachos and he was so accommodating.
He wanted to make sure everything was as I wanted it.
He fried the chips up fresh, which was a treat.
The chile was nice and spicy as well.
They have mild as well, if you prefer.
The chicken was a bit on the dry side, but a few pieces of carne asada snuck their way into my nachos and they were very moist and flavorful.
I'll be getting that next time I come in.
Service was friendly and I look forward to trying more of their menu out soon.
I wish they had a drive thru since this location tends to get pretty crowded with the gas station, convenience store and car wash all in one area.
Still a great little spot for cheap and fresh Mexican fare.
Just make sure you come during off hours to avoid a long line.

Errrr why does there yelp not have hours there open... why no hours and not website!!!!!!!

Don't pass it up just because it's in a gas station!!
The prices are great and the food was awesome!
We tried a big variety of things on the menu - all of them were delicious!
Loved their namesake chile verde burritio, California burrito (carne asada was delish - hardly any gristle), crunchy shredded beef tacos with beans (combo #2).
Mild (green) salsa was flavorful and delicious, hot (red) salsa was SPICY (sweat it out, kids!
)  Had one (super friendly) guy doing everything - he took our orders and promptly busted out our six dishes... By himself!
The one man show, everyone!
For working by himself, everything came out super quick and he didn't forget any items.
AWESOME.

Well deserved 5 stars.
He has a passion for his food, and it shows in the quality.
Fresh beans, yummy rice.
Real corn and flour tortillas, meat tastes amazingly well seasoned and marinated to perfection.
Today was huevos rancheras, and it was divine.
You're doing great man, wait is well worth it for my belly to be this happy.
Two thumbs up, I'll always be back.

Food is really good but the service is very slow.
Owned by husband and wife but they should def hire another cook or employee.
I had the enchiladas and chix hard tacos.
Cant go wrong with those dishes.
They have a large flatscreen tv which was cool cuz i was watching a playoff game and eating at the same time.
Oh and its inside a gas station so u can easily get beer n other treats.

Only issue is the wait.
I have waited for 30+ minutes at times.
It is a one man show.
Good food.

Carlos is the one man running the show at this location and it's important for you to get to know him -- He is very kind and hooks people up all the time -- TIP HIS ASS!
-- The only down side to this place is that their are only 5 stools to sit on -- It's more-so for carry out -- I'd highly suggest getting a carne asada burrito with carne asada, rice, and cheese only inside the burrito -- This place is 10x better than Roberto's and no where near as greasy -- I like to get the TROPICAL TEA from the gas station section it's right beside this place inside LOOK FOR IT

Chile Verde has ruined me!
I can't be happy with Cafe Rio, Qdoba, etc.
This guy is amazing, he makes all his chips and shells from scratch!
I am not a person that has ever gone to a gas station to eat and now I am here at least once a week!
Everything is awesome, Chicken taquitos, chimichunga, taco salads, tacos, nachos.
I honestly think there is not a thing that isn't great on the menu!
Every time I go I try something new and am never disappointed.
When he is cooking the meat you can also have him fry up some peppers and onions, yummy!
I LOVE spicy and hot salsa and his red sauce is no joke!
It is clean and there is space to eat there.
He is working hard and sometimes there is quite a wait but oh so worth it!

My boyfriend and I love Fausto's but we decided to try this place because of the reviews.
First, my boyfriend asked the lady who was taking our order what was in the California burrito.
She said "carne asada, pico de gallo..." etc... all the typical ingredients, but she didn't say french fries.
My boyfriend asked if there were french fries in it (typically Cali burritos have fries), and she said no.
He asked if any of their burritos have fries, and she said no.
My boyfriend ordered the Cali burrito anyways and surprise, there were fries in it.
Not a big deal to us, but for someone who might be allergic to something, knowing the ingredients of your food is kind of important.
Second, I ordered the chile relleno combo plate and the lady says they're out of chile relleno.
Okay, a little disappointing, but whatever.
So I make a quick decision and order a bean and cheese burrito and made it a combo plate (added rice and beans).
My total for the bean and cheese burrito plate was $6.99, which is insanely expensive.
This is probably the most inexpensive thing for them to make on the whole menu.
It's only beans and cheese for godsake.
Same thing costs $3 less at Faustos or Roberto's.
Anyways, we had no idea that they had condiments (green sauce, red sauce, carrots) because no one told us.
My boyfriend asked if there was sauce and she said yes.
5 minutes later he asked if there were carrots and she said yes.
I wonder what other goodies they have in their fridge that we have no idea about...would've been a lot easier if the lady just told us what they had instead of us asking 20 questions.
Had to ask for a fork, then napkins, then knife.
Overall this lady didn't really care to help us.
If you're not going to have your condiments and supplies self-serving, at least offer them or be approachable by customers.
The reason why this place gets a 2 star review is because I think their beans and rice are completely disgusting.
The beans are not the normal refried beans that you get at any Mexican place.
Their beans were made up of 75% whole beans (unmashed, boiled beans), and 25% mashed beans mixed with what seems like just water.
In my opinion, they were completely flavorless.
Because the beans weren't mashed, every time you took a bite, you were just biting into boiled, whole beans with no flavor.
They were dry and overall just gross.
The rice was burning hot (both temperature and spiciness) and once again, no flavor.
Maybe this is more "authentic" Mexican, but it was gross.
I couldn't even finish half my burrito because I was so grossed out by the blandness and dryness.
On the other hand, my boyfriend really liked his California burrito.
He said it tasted fresh and it was good.
So I'm sure all their food doesn't suck, but from my experience, I was very unhappy.
Paid an overpriced $7.50 for a gross burrito and didn't even get okay service.

I lovee this place!!!
Definitely this is the best mexican food restaurant in vegas!
Food is really awesome.Kitchen is really clean.Prices are great and they are too nice with people.
I  tried different things of the menu, all was so delicious!!!
I really recommend this place!!

Great spot!!
Who would of thought of good food at a gas station!!
Real Mexican, Real Authentic!

After hitting up the Windmill Library I was craving some Mexican food, so I decided to check this spot out since its right by the library.
Was kind of hesitant at first, since its a grill inside a gas station/car wash, no one was there and there was only one guy who cooks and takes the orders.
...But based on the prices, reviews and my craving- I rolled with it.
Got myself a California burrito bc well...
I'm from Los Angeles and never had a Cali burrito.... hahah So, I was curious on LV's take on Cali burritos.
The attendant/cook was cool and friendly.
He really hooked it up.
That was a huge burrito, just like back home.
He then asked me, hot sauce or mild sauce.
I'm a dragon when it comes to spice- hot sauce don't really phase me -so I passed on the mild.
Took my first bite w/o sauce and damn!
It's pretty good- some decent quality.
It doesn't taste like an LA burrito but its still damn good.
First time I had a burrito with fries in it!
I then poured a load of hot sauce and damn... That hot sauce has a kick!
I like it!
Overall, going to be hitting this spot when I need a Mexican food fixin'.
PS.
4 hours later and I don't have the BGs.
Unlike some of the Mexican joints back home.
So I'm definitely coming back!

Vegetarians beware...95% of their food is cooked with lard.
Who knew that rice could contain lard?
As if!
I opted for the chicken street tacos (lard free)!
My friend ordered the nachos and they looked scrumdiddlyumptious.
The two of us could have shared it, had it not been for that silly lard.

This place is a gold mine...as good as this kind of food gets and a strong Hispanic following is noticeable

