Outstanding customer service!
Great response time on emergencies.
I called them in the middle of the night about a scorpion problem we had, they were there the next morning at eight in the morning.
Highly recommend their services.

I would recommend Azteca Pest Control to all my friends and family!
They are knowledgable about pests and have good products and prices.
They are very professional, friendly and always go above and beyond the call of duty.
Azteca has helped me with my sugar ant and bee problems and I couldn't be happier with my service.
- Brittany Lang

Best service and price!
Nice family owned and operated business.
Not sure about them at first because the price was too good to be true but they did a great job for a whole lot less $$$

Friendly, family owned company.
Great prices and great service too!
You can't go wrong with Azteca Pest Control.
They are truly the best.

Frankie, Kendra and Azteca Pest Control has really helped when we found Scorpions in our home.
They came right over, treated, and we haven't had an issue since.
We have had the opportunity to refer business from our Real Estate clients and they have also been happy and bug free!

These guys did an awesome job removing our beehive out of our irrigation valve box, and much cheaper than other places I called.
Will be using again if we ever have pest control issues.
Thanks!

Joe from Azteca Pest Control came out today and I was very impressed!
He was very thorough and I was pleasantly surprised by all the extra steps Azteca uses compared to services we have used in the past.
He brushed all the cobwebs out of the corners of our high ceilings.
They use a fine powder to get behind the walls under the sinks.
He even pointed out some areas where bugs could be getting in that I didn't know were leaving us vulnerable.
I can't wait to see the results of his work or rather, I hope we DON'T see any more bugs!

I got home in the afternoon and noticed bees swarming above my garage, right under a window that was due to be replaced the next day.
I called and Kendra and Frankie came right over and treated the area.
The price was reasonable and the two of them were very personable, I liked them immediately.
After the initial treatment they said they would like to have someone come out the next day to make sure the problem was taken care of.
They called later in the evening to let me know who was coming and at what time.
Early in the morning, Aldo came to inspect, he asked to come inside to check the electrical outlets to see if he could see anything inside.
He listened to the wall and sure enough, they were still in there.
I told him to go ahead and cut into the wall to take care of the problem.
He cut a very neat little square, pulled back the insulation and there was indeed a hive.
He closed it up and called for someone to come over to treat the hive.
Aldo stayed on site the whole time to make sure the hive was responding and diminishing.
The windows were able to be replaced that day, no rescheduling.
I couldn't have asked for a more professional and genuinely nice crew of people.
I will be keeping their card and using them for ANY pest control issues I have in the future.

