I have been to this location a few times, but I visit the Henderson location most of the time.
Here is their review: www.yelp.com/biz/harmony-healthcare-henderson  This location gets two extra stars because:  -the only person who really showed they cared and was actually helpful (Alison) during all my visits is at this location.
-we didn't see the doctor at this location.
-they had a nice office with a TV playing Chopped :)

Horrible customer service experience; couldn't even get past the receptionist.
Refused verified insurance coverage, inaccurate cash pricing, poor attitude.
Overall an underwhelming and less than positive experience.

I have had both therapy sessions and visits with a psych on a regular basis here.
I love the front desk staff.
They're so down to earth even when it's bat-lickin' busy in there.
I see Dr. Faramond (psych) and David (therapist).
They both really know what they're doing, and if they don't know an answer to my question(s) they look it up without hesitation.
No egos.
I'm not sure who the previous yelpers saw or experienced, but i've been here more than 15-20 times and compared to the other Harmony Healthcare offices, this one is the bees knees!

ABSOLUTELY DREADFUL!!!
I have a masters + in psych and have worked inner city free clinics after I separated from the Army.
This place is BEYOND axful.
I was lied to TWICE before I even got there and, after complaining about the filth and lies, had a woman call me from Harmony and DEFEND the filth and lies!!
This place should be closed IMMEDIATELY.

They are interested in money and only money.
your first visit is just a questionnaire which you would normally fill out yourself.
They have someone ask you the questions and charge you or your insurance a full office visit like you actually saw the doctor.
I should have left then.
They also didn't tell me this so it was another month before I saw a doc and got my meds.
The doctor I did see is younger guy first on the left when you walk down the far hallway by the TV.
He is all about money.
He dropped me because he said he is not suppose to fill Adderall prescriptions, that is my primary care physician's job.
This is total BS as many of you know who are on adderall.
He dropped me because my insurance wouldn't pay him as much as he wanted.
he is also a chiropractor, but his office isn't doing well because he charges 3x as much.
he says I have to charge them more because they are seeing a doctor, not just  regular chiropractor.
I asked do you give them medical treatment other than the chiro treatmen.
He said no.
I was like WTF dude!
So after that I told him it is best I go somewhere else as I like to see doctors who think about getting patients well first not getting their money first.
Ryan

