Tomorrow we will be using my House Seats account to go to the sixty-fifth event in a little over a year!
There is no doubt in my mind that HS is absolutely worth it, so much so that I have already paid for a membership through 2015.
I would give tips to better secure your chances to reserving tickets to the most highly-sought after shows that are quickly snapped up but I really would not like something like that easily searchable online (message me if you're a friend).
I would also detail exactly what shows we have been to with our respective accounts but that is strictly prohibited by the TOS to ensure shows/tours/events do not suffer from lower public perception from the mass public.
One thing I will say that another seatfiller competitor does better is that they permit members to cancel reservations when you do it at least several hours in advance.
- E

Houseseats is the best sevice in town bar none, they offer great shows for kids and adults and I dont know what id do without it.
It gives people the option to have something to do every weekend and not break the bank.
Not only that but when family or friends visit you can take them to a show and theyll be really impressed (pick a good show for this to work).
It also helps to check back often because houseseats runs 2 for 1 new memberships and renewels.
If your thinking of joining or want to see current promos just follow the link https://lv.houseseats.com/join/?referer=psycobuster@gmail.com

A couple years ago , a friend of mine introduced me to this site.
I was always reluctant of this ticket sites and never wanted to sign up..but he was always happy with it.
After a series of question I said..well its only some bucks..lets do it.
Im glad I pulled the trigger.
This is hands down the best local ticket deals ..why?
because the tickets are free!
You pay an annual membership and then get tickets for every show they offer.
There are some basic rules like amount of tickets, frecuency of attending the show,not showing up fee, etc .
basic rules that are not tricky nor hard to follow.
Don't expect big headliners here ..Sometimes it happens..And when it happens they go quick!.
Usually smaller venues, or older shows end up there, but if within your year you get 2 tickets for A show that worth more than 70 bucks..you made your money back.
No brainer there.
Last year alone I took from them more than 9k worth in shows lol.
Going to every show almost everyday and man I worth it.
Ive seen shows as little as a crappy production , all the way up to aerosmith.. you just need to be on top of checking.
Take a look at it..if you are local and tend to get bored and want to experience lots of shows regardless of the quality of them this is a good deal for you.

Love, Love, Love ....House Seats!
I have been a member for 3years and I can not say enough for the great staff!!!
It's worth the cost of the membership.
Being that I am a grad student, it is my source of entertainment.
I attend concerts, plays or sport events  every week,  and without them I would not beable to attend these events!!!
When you buy a membership..it is the gift to yourself..that keeps on giving..every time you push...The button.
So get a membership ... Push that button.... and just enjoy yourself!!!!

Everyone loves Houseseats.
I have had an account for a few years and I have probably received over $800 to $1,000 in value.
Houseseats costs $89 for a year membership for two tickets to whatever show you want.
They frequently update their listings and have some concerts I never would have expected.
I remember a few years back they had some of my favorite rock bands.
It is definitely a great deal and an awesome service.
I expect them to expand to other markets and continue delivering awesome value.
I signed up for Houseseats since my wife and I can easily spend $100 over a weekend on drinks and entertainment.
Now for $89 we get a years worth of entertainment.
What is not to like.
The best part, they allow you to get free months by referring people.
Every person you refer grants you an additional month of membership.

I'm super happy with House Seats.
I feel like I've gotten my money's worth already even though I've only been to two shows.
I often check for something new, and most of the time, they do!
I think it's worth the money!
It's free with a friend too :] It just can't get any better.

House Seats is one of the most amazing things to happen to me!
Last year alone I went to more than 200 shows off of the account.
This number includes some of the strip's biggest shows, as well as smaller (but great) shows.
It is well worth the investment- you will get your money back within one or two shows.
Sign up with this link until 7/5/14 and you can get 2 years for the price of 1!
http://lv.houseseats.com/join/?referer=lisa_crockett@comcast.net

House Seats is definitely the best!!!
Have seen over 50 shows this year alone and gotten over 100 tickets.
The best part is they randomly put shows on during the day so everyone gets a chance to get tickets depending how often you refresh your computer or phone.
Some shows are on every day but I have seen shows at Luxor, Venetian, Colosseum at Ceasars, Wynn and NYE this year will be going to  Mandalay Bay.
Our limited income allows us to enjoy living here with this fabulous deal.
If you join before the end of the year you get two years for the price of one!
GREAT DEAL!
http://lv.houseseats.com/

This is a great website to get tickets to local vegas shows.
We have been able to see so many shows that we normally wouldn't have seen.
There's a price to become a member but after a couple of shows we made our moneys worth.
In fact we ended up getting 2 memberships (4 & 2) so we (family of 4) can all go and be able to take 2 others be it friends or family to shows when they come visit.

Heard about this awesome service through Rosemarie Y., a Yelper who used to live in LV.
I was on the Talk boards trying to figure out when to get a NV ID for local discounts, when she turned me on to the site and said it was totally, completely, 100% worth it- she had it throughout her 3 years living here.
So naturallly, I browsed the site and paid for the two month membership to try it out.
And my BF and I already went to one comedy-magician show this weekend, and I've made reservations for another this coming weekend.
Even if you're new to LV and don't know jack about shows, the site provides a summary of what it's about to see if it's something you're interested in.
You'll quickly notice that certain shows pop up frequently, and others come up more rarely but the allotted tickets get scooped up fast- which hints at which shows are in demand.
Loving it so far, will update if my experience changes- so far it's great, and I anticipate that I'll be extending as long as I'm working in LV.

I love houseseats, we JUST got the membership in December 2013, and its only April 2014 and I've seen WAY too many shows that's worth MORE than the membership itself, its really a great deal and it great when you got family in town or a friend in town or something.
One thing about this site, you LITERALLY have to be checking every 5 minutes, ever 15 minutes of everyday to get good tickets because they GO REALLY fast!
I've seen Jabbawockeez, Recycled Percussion, The Australian Bee Gees Show, Carrot Top, Legends in Concert @ Flamingo, Rat Pack, Jubilee!, Il Divo, Lady Antebellum, and So much more.

Great shows and venues.
Have to compliment their customer service department.
Took care of an issue within 2 hours.
You need to book their special shows as soon as they are posted, sells out quickly

not a very good choice of shows the offer, its usually the same o same stuff week after week and day after day.
Vegas needs to give house seats more shows not just run of the mill stuff, and shows that start eariler than 10pm.

