Great food, great atmosphere (right in royal mile)!
had a nice fancy dinner with friends, had awesome sangrias and margherita pizza.
Would return in a heartbeat!

Food was pretty decent for a last minute pick.
We chose to eat here because it is right in front of the V theater and we were waiting for a show.
Food was good and service excellent.

Food was a little cold but good.
Friendly service.

Only two reviews from this place- wow!
OK, so I'm going to give you the good the bad and the ugly.
My friends and I used to LOVE this place because they offered an all you can drink Mimosa/Bellini special on Sundays.
We could have shut this place down, but we more then made up for it with all the food we ordered.This must have been back in 2007-2009 or something.
The bread is amazing!
If you don't like pasta then go for the anti-pasti platters and you won't be sorry.
If you want some peace and quiet, opt for a table indoors.
To people watch, sit on their patio.
Fair warning, the patio seating is rather tight.
Fast forward to current day and I had to take away one star.
I think our waitress was having an off day so I don't really want to blame everything on her BUT it played a huge part in our overall experience, which is the bottom line when you dine at any restaurant.
Anyway, I was trying to be friendly, joking with her about their old specials while my friends were looking over the drink menu.
She evidently wasn't having any of it.
We wanted to order the focaccia bread appetizer which is a slam dunk, but she suggested we order ourselves entries because it would come with a side of focaccia.
We ended up ordering a salad and two entries.
One of my gal pals and I ordered a Pumpkin Martini each.
Our dishes arrived before the bread, but we didn't think anything of it because we were so hungry.
Our water glasses were all empty along with our adult beverage glasses.
Being that the food is rather rich, we stopped eating.
Our waitress never bothered to come by and see if everything was OK so we flagged down a different one to refill our glasses.
Under my breathe I quietly said to my friends, "Our waitress is terrible.
" I think she heard me because after that she finally stopped by to see if we wanted another martini.
At this point I was annoyed because she was catering to her other tables more than ours.
I asked about our order of focaccia.
She looked at us funny and then said she was so sorry it didn't come.
The next words she uttered were just plain wrong... "Ummm, do you still want me to put in the order for you?
" Granted we were a table of 3 and now very upset women who only came to this place specifically for the bread.
Nodding yes, we all kind of grumbled to ourselves and promised to take a break from this place.

I will be honest   The food was just ok been to plenty of Italian restaurants and this lace serves small portions and the service was pretty bad we never got a water refilled and for a so called home made pasta place it just doesn't cut it ,,,for around 18'.00 a plate which isn't high it should either fill you upor at least tantalize your taste buds ,,,it did neither,,,my stepson had lasagne which tasted an looked like some version of a Mac and cheese dish...won't be back went on jan 3 2013

Delicious Osso Bucco and the kids loved the spaghetti and meatballs.
Conveniently located near the theatre to watch the Variety Show.

While in town on business, I had an early dinner appointment open up, so I decided to come to Planet Hollywood so I could eat & maybe do some shopping as well before heading back to the airport.
I looked up the restaurants online & inteded on going to Yolo's (a Mexican cantina inside the casino), but as I was walking through the Miracle Mile shops, I came across this place & started craving Italian.
The ambiance is nice.
They have a setting for most every need... long & secluded tables for large groups to make it feel family-style, regular seating inside, bar seating with a TV, or patio seating "outside" the restaurant to people watch.
The music is kinda loud coming from the Miracle Mile walkway & the A/C was up way too high, so it was freezing cold, but the decor is a nice cross between olde world Italia & contemporary flare, so, overall, it was pleasant.
I came around 3pm, which is after the lunch crowd & before the dinner crowd, so it was pretty empty.
They were still serving off the lunch menu, which I'm glad about, because it was a tad bit pricy, so I can imagine what their dinner prices are like.
As for the food.....
delish!!
I ordered the Paglia e Fieno which is made with tagliolini pasta (like a flat linguini), chicken, mushrooms, truffle oil & cream sauce.
I've never had tagliolini before.
Typically, I would've substituted that for fettuccini noodles, but since I've been trying to "try something new" in 2013, I kept it as-is.
Glad I did too...
I really liked it!
I did substitute broccoli instead of chicken, & they cooked it perfectly... not all mushy, yet not raw.
The mushrooms were tasty without being overbearing & the cream sauce had a nice consistency & was garlicy.
It was a terriffic dish!
I do have to note... after reading another Yelper's review about how good their house bread is, but the difficulty they had in actually receiving any, I was looking forward to getting some which came with my meal, according to the menu.
Well, it didn't come out with my meal.
After a few moments, I realized this & stopped my waitress asking her, "excuse me, does this come with bread?
" She suddendly seemed a bit irritated & replied, "oh, do you want some?
" This was almost exactly the same snippy reply the other Yelper got, so I'm guessing this was the same waitress &, no, she wasn't just having an off day.
And when she brought the bread out without any butter or anything & I asked her for some oil & vinegar, she acted like it was such a task!
Very strange, because other than this bread ordeal, she was a pretty good waitress.... what is it about this bread?!
Lol (Minus 1 star)  Anywho, like I said, other than that, the experience was fine & the food was great.
I'll probably be back.

I would go back to Lombardi's to get their gluten free pizza in a heartbeat.
However, I will be getting a take out order.
I am not a snot about service, but I was in the food industry as a server for about five years so I have a good idea of the rhythm of a restaurant and don't get surly when service isn't up to par.
However, at Lombardi's, there was really no exception.
We ordered an entree salad to start off with that was somewhat delicious, but the grilled chicken was bitter and charred instead of sweet and tender with some grill marks.
We only had bread plates on the table to eat a salad with avocado, chicken, lettuce, cheese, etc.
The server dropped off the salad and left.
No salad plates.
So the salad fell onto the table and was an inconvenience to eat.
They even filled our waters, saw the salad on the bread plate and still, nothing.
For entrees, we ordered their gluten free pizza with parmesan, prosciutto and arugula and then the gluten free pasta dish with mussels, clams, shrimp and scallops.
The pizza?
It was very good.
I like my pizza with a crispier crust, but it was still delicious and cooked in the brick stove which is great.
I will get it well done next time, but even without the crispy crust, it was DELICIOUS and I would eat it everyday if I could.
The pasta?
My husband thought it was okay, but I am used to eating gluten free pasta dishes at restaurants like Maggiano's, Olive Garden and many others.
This pasta dish was borderline terrible.
Had he not eaten it, I would have sent it back and I NEVER send back food unless it's terrible.
For $24.00 there were two mussels that were not cleaned so I cracked my teeth on dirt and they didn't taste right, then two clams, three scallops and two shrimp.
They swam in a barely seasoned seafood cream sauce which may have been more delicious if they added some cheese and seasoning!
Basil, grated parmesan cheese and some red chili flakes with appropriate seasoning would have made it so much better.
The rice noodles are bland.
I suggest corn or quinoa pasta...it adds to a dish...rice noodles add to a dish like Pho which has tons of flavor.
I will pay a great amount of money for good food, but if I'm spending $25 for a dish, am never given entree or salad plates, am asked 10 minutes (after it took 20 minutes to get my food on an absolute empty night)how my food was, I expect more.
Sorry :(

Lombardis is a great place on the strip, they make fresh pasta and so far the best pizza in town, that's from my Italian friends!

I have no issue saying I'm wrong.
After going to Lombardi's for a second time last night, I will be a regular at this location for a very, very long time.
I wanted gluten free pizza, and we were staying in PH, so we decided to grab some pizza from Lombardi's and then walk around.
My husband convinced me to give them another chance and we sat down for some lunch.
This time, we grabbed a couple cocktails, one Cosmopolitan creation and an Italian Margarita.
Delicious.
My drink was perfect, not too sweet, just perfect.
His was just the way he wanted it, a little sweeter but with a nice bitter kick and a little salty.
Yum.
Now, then they told me they were out of GF crusts.
I was about to walk out, but I wanted to give this another go around and ordered their caprese salad and the Paglia a Fieno.
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.
The salad was perfect.
Perfect marinated tomatoes, nice tang of vinaigrette, wonderfully fresh basil and oh that mozzarella.
A little smokey, very smooth, the server, Matt, cracked some fresh pepper on top and BAM.
MAGIC.
I could eat that salad everyday for the rest of my life and never get sick of it.
On to the pasta.
If I could eat pasta and never gain another pound, this pasta would be my breakfast, lunch and dinner every single day.
Amazing.
The chicken was just slightly overcooked, but I still would have eaten that chicken anytime as long as it was in that pasta or that pasta was my reward.
Gluten free pasta, mushrooms, a little hit of truffle oil and a perfect cream sauce.
This is not an Olive Garden cream sauce.
This is garlic, plus cream and then some cheese.
This is a sauce that probably got them Zagat rated.
This is my go to pasta.
Anytime.
Anywhere.
A-FREAKING-MAZING.
Finally, let me comment on the service.
Last time, the service was horrible and bad enough for me to almost walk out because why am I paying this much for food when the service is wretched?
This time?
This is an example of why this restaurant is Zagat rated.
First of all, I saw the manager walking around and checking on tables and greeting guests.
I firmly believe this is a manager's job and should be done everywhere.
Our server, Matt, was perfect.
He brought salad plates, explained the dishes, described the drinks perfectly, made us feel good about our food and drink choices, brought us freshly grated parmesan cheese with our meal, offered red chili flakes (a welcoming addition to the pasta), brought us entree plates since we had told him we were sharing our dish, filled the water glasses all the time and was just very warm and friendly.
He told me that the reason they do not have the GF pizza crust is because they're revamping the crust so that it tastes more like regular pizza instead of a generic GF pizza and so that it is the size of their normal pizzas.
The manager came over and said the same thing and was very friendly as well.
Sorry about the novel, and I normally don't change my mind based off of one re-visit (and I normally do not revisit after that kind of experience), but this one was perfect, and I am confident this will continue for our many visits to come.

i love Lombardi's!
their food is amazing and they have very good service.
i was waited by someone named Cesar and he was very nice and checked on us all the time and we always had our food warm and our drinks were never empty!
i cant wait to go back and eat their delicious food and enjoy of their great service.

This is the 3rd or 4th time we visit this restaurant and will definitely be back.
I had the beef tenderloin, medium well, and it was delicious.
My wife had the cioppino, which is not on the menu, and she loved it.
I would have tried it but I'm allergic to shrimp, and the last thing I want is an allergic reaction while in Vegas.
For the two of us and two drinks, we paid about $90.00.
Staff is attentive and courteous.
Usually, there is a photographer asking to take your photo to sell it to you later, but we lucked out this time and were missed.

service was horrible.
Asked for a glass to 3 different ppl before i got a dirty one

Taylor swift was music was better then the food.
portion size was eh.
server wad cute but eh.
nice location.

Not bad, but there are certainly other places to eat.
Service is good the food is decent.
This review is just for breakfast items.
The Benedict is a little bit dry, but I love the fact that they don't overcharge you for crab vs ham.
The best thing about this place is 7 dollar mimosas or bellinis, and 1 dollar refills!!!!!!
Plus you can take it in sippy cup Togo!!!
My gals and I had about 8 mimosas for 14 dollars, better than a price of one bottle of champagne .... Will certainly come back just for that inside Planet Hollywood.

Expensive, small portions, mediocre food.
Go somewhere else!

So bland and basically terrible food.
I'm Italian and I can't believe they dare call this Italian food.
There's no garlic in anything and they only used dry herbs!
Don't you dare go here if you've ever been to a good Italian place, you will be very disappointed.

I was just recently in Vegas this past week and was looking to try something new.
I visit the Strip a few times a year and am always in search of something I have yet to try.
Located in the hotel Paris, the atmosphere and decor around were pleasant.
With a impersonating blue sky overhead, the area gives you a slight feel of Vegas' version of the great city.
However, that is where the pluses seem to stop.
Upon gazing over the menu, delicious descriptions of simple dishes give way to belief of something worth dinning on.
This was not the case.
The bread they brought out to us was bland and almost disgusting.
It looked appealing, hence why I decided to try it.
But to my surprise, it was way worse than I anticipated.
I decided to order the chicken parmagana as my main dish.
The description was great, and the smells of fresh food filled the air to accompany my appetite.
When the dish arrived at the table, I was greeted by a, what I assume, previously frozen chicken cutlet topped with what tasted like canned tomato sauce.
The dish had "processed" or frozen written all over it.
However, to pay respects to the staff and chef, I finished my meal without verbal complaint.
It is safe to say that I will not be stopping by this place again.

It was a beautiful Saturday - 10/26/13.
Looking forward to a lovely evening out.
After we were seated, our lovely server - Julianna (sp?
) came over to greet us.
She was so pleasant and welcoming.
Then, approximately 15ft from our booth, her "manager" pipes up...addresses her as "Hey.
"  After approaching him, she politely (and respectfully!
) responds, "My name is Julianna.
"  He then raises his pointed finger in her face and begins to verbally admonish her while maintaining a 'low volume' (like that would make it okay).
After he was finished she began to walk away - he then called out to her again as "Hey" (like he thought he was being cute).
She said - "my name is Julianna" - to which he replied snidely, "Not tonight, it's not, "Hey.
"  She was visibly disheartened.
He was visibly proud of himself.
He reminded me of 'Biff' from "Back to the Future," - kinda looked like him, too.
'Stacks' cut into his blond hair...cute little athletic shoes.
When she returned to our table, we asked her if she was okay - and we asked "Who is that jerk?!
"  We told her we saw his little power trip and assured her we wouldn't let him get away with it.
Let me be clear - SHE HAS NO INVOLVEMENT IN THIS POSTING.
We considered saying something to him while we were there, but he came across as someone who would challenge and attempt to dispute us - and then he would take it out on her: NOT what we wanted.
So we wrote on the comment card...posted a comment on Trip Advisor.....and Yelp.
Food was okay.
Julianna(sp?
) was wonderful.

Dinner was great!
We had the blackened tilapia and the chicken Marcella dishes and both were delicious.
The tilapia was very spicy, which i love!
We had the chocolate cake dessert and it was heavenly!
Our service was goodmtoo!

If I could do less than one star that's what this place would get.
The food was awful.
I had the chicken Marsala and the marsala sauce was not very flavorful.
The vegetables that came with it was mushy and bland.
The side of fettuccine was horrible.
My fiancé ordered the fettuccine Alfredo and she took two bites and was done.
It was horrible.
Never again.

We enjoyed our dinner here nice service and food was much better then some of the other italian/seafood spots in the miracle mile.
I had the *Salmone alla Griglia 24.50 and my hubby had Fettucine Frutti di Mare 19.50  both nice and yummy we finished everything.
Caesar salad little plain and skimpy but ok and flat bread and olive oil w balsamic vinegar to dip was nice.
The inside was beautiful and the outside patio is nice to people watch also pretty fountain to gaze at.
We will be back again.

Just ate at this restaurant and all 4 of us disliked our meals.
Could not even finish my salad.
Save your money and do not eat here.
I'd give it less than 1 star if I could.

Reviews seem to range over an extreme for this restaurant but we had a very good experience on both food and service.
Also, sitting outside the restaurant in the "faux" outdoor setting with the blue sky overhead provided a nice ambiance.
The menu is pretty extensive so finding a good dish is easy.

Received free vouchers to this place as part of a VIP package from a close by timeshare sales pitch.
The place is great in terms of service, cleanliness and location.
The food however, not so good.
We received a special menu since we had the free vouchers.
This may have been why the food wasn't good - who knows.
Alfredo was on par with something from the frozen isle at your local grocer.
Sadly I won't be getting that dinner back but perhaps I can spare some of you the wasted time.

We shared two delicious pasta dishes!
The bread was excellent.
The service was great.
A lovely place to celebrate my birthday.

bleh  not only did the food taste bad but the service was just as bad!
I thought a restaurant with such ambiance would at least do good in food and service!
We were sat outside of the dark lit restaurant so that we can people watch, and a table mat where you can color on, well that would be the extent of any positive experience at Lombardi.
Our waitress didn't come to our table until 15 minutes later, we had these nann bread to suppress our hungry tummies.
When it came to finally serving us she brought us our menu and walked away, she didn't come back until another 15 minutes later..I ordered the gnocchi and when it came out ..i swear it was like little puddles of orange balls..unappealing and unappetizing.

FOOD:  I ordered the gnocchi and my boyfriend got this chicken plate.
My gnocchi was pretty good but nothing amazing.
The sauce was just regular tasting tomato sauce.
I expected they'd do something special to the tomato sauce.
My boyfriend's chicken was pretty good as well but the side of potatoes tasted a little burnt.
The bread they gave us was hard and tasted like it was sitting around for a while.
The only plate that caught my attention was the chocolate soufflé dessert.
It was perfect consistency and the chocolate was rich.
Even then, I ate a chunk of ice in the ice cream meaning that has been sitting in the freezer too long as well... :-/   Yes this restaurant's on the strip and it looks good but I wouldn't come back for the food.
SERVICE:  Service was trash.
Our server was nice but he was never around and it wasn't even busy!
INTERIOR:  They sat us outside on the patio where we could people watch.
The ambience is really cute and I loved drawing on the paper laid across the table.
* the ambience of this place is really nice but the food isn't up to par.

Food: 4 stars Price: 3 stars Atmosphere/decor: 2.5 stars  Let me start off with the food.
I ordered the lasagna and one more pasta that had mushrooms and chicken in it.
Both were delicious and both were portioned enough for my mom and I to be full.
BUT i think that with the decor of the place and the price, I'm not sure if I would come back here.
First off, who uses yellow table covers?
I think that threw me off the most.
It was so tacky and ugly looking that really, with the quality of food being produced from this place, if they only made this place look nice(starting with replacing those really really ugly yellow table covers) I'd pay $35 for the two portions of pasta.
I know we're in vegas so prices are a bit more expensive, but I think that the setting of a place is just as important as anything else and they need to update their look.
If prices were about $2-3 less, maybe the ugly table cloths will do.
OH i also like that the bread came out nice and warm, and this was the first place that i've ever been to where they separate the olive oil from the balsamic vinegar using Parmesan cheese!
what a brilliant idea EVERY Italian restaurant must do.
I hate picking up mostly oil in my dip, but when its separated, i can have more vinegar and less oil.

Ordered pizza, pasta and couple appetizers.
It was delicious!
The drinks are amazing and they pour a good amount of alcohol!!!
Our waiter was very cool with a good sense of humor.
Totally will be back.
PS: Blackberry Mojito was awesome!

We got free dinner and a show from hotel.
They have a separate menu for these 'free' meals.
They did offer to give credit toward full price item on regular menu.
Food was good.
The 'spicy' tilapia that I had was not spicy, but I think the blackening is probably enough that some people may find it spicy.
We would not have gone there on our own.
The free meal was good to get us to look at menu and choose it.
Drinks tip and tax are not included.

Food was average to below average.
I had better at major Italian chains for half the host.
You pay for the location.
Me and my wife got two salads and two simple pasta dishes for $70 no wine no dessert.

We had dinner here.
The food was mediocre at best.
For an appetizer we had chef's focaccia.
It was a pizza crust.
Bland.
The dipping sauce had vinegar mixed in like a salad dressing.
It was not a good match.
The rigatoni entrée was flavorful but upset my stomach.
The waiter never asked how our meal was after we were served.
I would not eat here again and I would not recommend it.

Pretty awesome choice when you need a vegetarian menu and a gluten free menu for your group of picky eaters.
Lots of great dishes to choose from that will satisfy everyone in your group.
Lots of different pastas, whole wheat, gluten free, lots of risottos, pizza, seafood and more.
This place has a casual but classy atmosphere.
We chose to sit inside as it was a bit quieter than the noisy faux patio mall area.
The servers were all really accommodating and friendly too.
I would definitely come here again.
But beware of those annoying ladies taking photos of your table claiming they're "free".
Once they bring the photo back to you in an ugly frame, they want you to pay $40 for it.
Save your time and get your server to take your picture with your own camera.
That's free.

I've been here a few times and I'm very happy with their delivery of great food and service.
Close to authentic as possible, their offering is prepared with great attention to detail and splash of Italian passion.
The service is always personable and thoughtful.
Comfortable and yet treated with class.
The "Pollo Arrosto" was my order but we had varieties of pasta.
The Vongole's white wine, garlic sauce is subtle and yet addicting enough to want to run your baguette through and through after you're finished.
Hard to find great Italian on the westside.

Stopped by for a quick lunch.
Had fast service.
The waiter wasn't moody when we got tap water and shared a meal, which was refreshing.
They have "al fresco" dining which is kinda cheesy but good for people watching.
The food was ok...not great enough for me to go back, but the service was great!

Our waiter, Sullivan, was really cool and helpful.
They give you a big pizza-looking Focaccia bread - it's not too exciting though.
We got the Paglia e fieno which was a favorite of Sullivan's...we thought it was just okay.
It was $15, a little spendy for pasta.

We wanted to order gluten-free pasta and we were told to wait 40 minutes that should change the water in the pots.
Anyone who wants to order pasta desirable to call to book in advance,

Located in Planet Hollywood.
My family was walking around PH looking for a place to eat a casual dinner.
Lombardi's hit the spot!
We got seated without a wait, and got the "patio" area so got to people watch as well.
Our server was fantastic.
Super helpful and nice.
He recommended some tasty dishes as well!
It was with his recommendation that I tried the Manhattan clam chowder for the first time.
The Manhattan clam chowder was SO good.
Given that I have no prior experience, this was still super tasty.
For my entree, I got the lasagna.
The sauce was flavorful.
Unfortunately, the noodle, cheese, and meat ratio was off.
Not enough cheese and meat.

We had mojito and calamari!
Man!!!
It was delicious!!
Plus fantastic service!
Just perfect!

The quality of the food and the flavor is definitely there.
The portions, however, are very small.
For example, I ordered a Caesar salad before my meal, and it came out on a small plate instead of a bowl.
I paid $10 for a about 5 bites of salad.
It tasted good, but I was hungry.
I then had some ravioli.
Delish!
But again, I got about 6-7 raviolis on a regular sized dish-$18.
I spent about $30 on myself alone and left hungry.

Who knew the super touristy Miracle Mile could have such a wonderful Italian restaurant???
The Happy Hour sign lured me in...the staff took excellent care of me, (a party of 1), on an extremely busy evening.
The wine was SPOT ON and the Lobster Ravioli dinner was fabulous!
I really enjoyed the olive oil/parmesan cheese/ balsamic vinegar bread dip!
Highly recommend!
Fair prices too!
(Golden in Vegas!

