The pizza is outstanding!
I usually eat 2, sometime 3 slices of a large pizza, today I had 5!
I couldn't stop eating it.
Wonderful sauce & cheese, the crust is thin and slightly crisp, cooked to perfection.
The only down side for us was the pasta red sauce was slightly too sweet and almost every menu item had ham in it, I'm not a ham fan.
but that's just me.
The place is clean and decorated very nicely, the owners are supper nice and service is top notch (even though you order at the counter, they take care of you after that).
We will definitely be back.

This self order, beverage self serve, pre-pay and ask for a tip before you receive service or food does not work.
The menu on a blackboard in white letters is hard to read, just opened and no wine or beer service due to license snags and then serving "wet" cold meatballs with the spaghetti was very flawed.
The focascia was hard and dry.
The cheese shaker was damp and clogged.
Very disappointed in the quality of the food.
One meal, lasgna  was served with "crusty burnt" noodles and it was not layered with sauce, but noodles stacked together with sauce on top and bottom.
It was evident that it had been microwaved to reheat.
Now to be fair, i just returned from Emilia Romagna, home of bolenese and good pasta.
But the owners need to be present and qc everything that comes out of the kitchen.
Those cold mushy-wet-  meatballs really cinched it for us.
The wait staff were very nice.

We were in Phoenix visiting family and my parents said we had to go here.
They were right!
Chef Sal's food is delicious.
I just wish I could have kissed Mama Rosa for her spaghetti and meatballs.
My wife LOVED the lasagna.
We took the Calabrese pizza home and later it was wonderful.
The olives, calamari and antipasti plate will all be ordered again.
Next time we are in town we will bring more family and friends and hopefully be able to order one of everything!!!
Order at the counter and they will take care of the rest.
Wonderful food and service.

This was a great find when I came out for a Cardinals game from Las Vegas.
We stumbled upon here the first week they were open with friends that live in the area.
It is a cute place, designed for the local market with great food and service.
The Pizza, Chicken Parm and of course the sauce ... are awesome.
I cant wait to stop in again the next time I am in AZ.

I am so happy this place opened up next door to my work.
I usually try to bring my lunch, but there are plenty of times when circumstances don't allow for that so it's nice to have a place like Zappone's among my options.
After seeing a sign out front and reading their menu online, I ended up getting take out from here 3 times during the first two weeks that they opened.
I first tried the eggplant rollatini which came with foccacia, salad, and spaghetti.
It was a ton of food for $12.
I am iffy about eggplant, but I loved the grilled the slices in my dish.
How can you not when they're wrapped around creamy ricotta and topped with mozzarella?
The foccacia was exceptionally good.
I liked the salad and spaghetti, but I would have preferred a lot more garlic in the red sauce.
I gave my sister the leftovers, and she adore them too.
On my next visit, I got the spinach and artichoke piadinie.
I was amazed when I picked it up because I took out an entire pizza box.
Not what I was expecting for a mere $7.
The piadinie is essentially a salad on top of pizza crust.
The veggies were topped with just enough lemon vinaigrette.
I was very happy that the leftovers didn't wilt since it made a great lunch the next day.
I also got pizza during their buy one, get one half off special on Wednesday.
I have been making my own pizza dough for a couple years now so I can tell you with confidence that Zappone's crust is the freshest I've ever had from a restaurant.
I got a margherita that was good but still needed more garlic.
The Enzo that I got for my meat eating coworkers was devoured right away.
They loved the fennel sausage on top.
I look forward to coming back here soon.
I hope they add more vegetarian options (e.g.
sandwich, grilled veggie plate) in the months to come.

Went here for the first time last week and was thoroughly impressed.
I live literally two blocks away across Baseline so I was thrilled to have a very yummy place nearby.
Here's what we ordered:  Cocktail -- Nicely done Negroni.
It's so rare to find a Negroni on the drink menu at a restaurant 'round these parts.
It's my favorite cocktail, so that's a huge plus.
Warm olives -- A very large portion in a generous serving plate.
And the chef added fresh oregano to the olives, which was a bright addition to the dish.
Very nice.
Calamari -- To my surprise, along with the tender calamari came paper-thin slices of breaded and fried lemon.
Genius!!
I've never seen that before, and what an amazing accompaniment.
Caprese salad -- Again, a generous portion and served with arugula, if I recall.
Very fresh and outstanding use of ingredients.
Mushroom and Onion Pizza -- The crust was amazing.
Best pizza for miles.
Dessert -- Three gelatos with cookies atop each serving.
I was expecting a little melon ball's worth of gelato.
But no, each one was more like a single ice cream scoop.
You can't go wrong for $5.
To sum up, I think the chef must be making a good impression with super-large portions or promotional pricing, because the prices are honestly too low for the portions and the quality served here.
It's a fantastic restaurant with outstanding food.
I can't wait to try the entire menu.
As an added bonus, kids meals are free on Saturday afternoons so my son's spaghetti and meatballs were on the house.

Sal's pizza rocks!
His authentic Italian food is amazing and it shows that he know what he is doing when it come to food!
Can't wait for their new bar/lounge area to open!!
Thanks Sal and Dina for a great meal!

Zappone's is still new, but you can tell they really care about producing quality food and providing great service.
I've tried several of the dishes and so far the standouts were the house made Fettucine Bolognese, the Bruschetta and Pizza.
The Pork Milianese Sandwich was a little on the dry side.
Could use a punch of sauce.
All in all, great start so far, looking forward to going again and seeing them find their groove.

Had lunch at Zappone's Bistro today and all I have to say...it was an exquisite Italian culinary experience.
We ate family style and from the bruschetta to the dessert it was a delight.
The food was prepared fresh to order with a lot of "love" and the service was perfect as well.
I live in Scottsdale and this would give Andreoli's a run for their money!
Great job!
Wonderful food and experience.
Thank you!

We were recently in Arizona visiting family and stumbled across Zappone's Italian Bistro.
All I have to say is WOW!
We were met by a a gracious lady named Dina, who happened to be the owner.
She was lovely and suggested we order our meal family style since there were five of us.
Great idea as we had the opportunity to taste many dishes.
The pizza with cremini mushrooms was to die for!
We tried six different bruchettas (each so different, but so very delicious!
), pasta with clams, the caprese salad, an amazing eggplant dish and finished it all with cannolles.
Chef Sal (Dina's husband) also came out to our table which was just the icing on the cake for a truly fabulous experience.
The decor and service are also top notch.
This place is not to be missed if you are in the Gilbert, AZ area.
We will  be back on our next trip for sure!

Been here 2x now!
Absolutely my NEW FAVORITE italian reasturant!!
I love how fresh everything is!!!!
Excellent Customer Service!
My only complaint would be that both times ive ordered the Alfredo Cheese Tortellini and they were out of tortellini which was a bummer especially 2 different times.. they did substitute with Cheese Ravioli but i would think if they run out of a certain dish so fast and often they would place a bigger order for it, but overall the dish was still fantastic!!

pre pay & pre tip.
I understand pre pay bistro style, but pre tip?
you have to get your own drinks.
Bruschetta was good, but pizza, pasta, & salads where meh.
I'll give them another chance, but at least tell the servers to do more than just drop off food.

I've been here two more times now dining in, and I haven't been as impressed as my initial visits where I only did take out.
Service is definitely an issue.
It takes awhile for the food to come out.
Our salad came out with our pizza just as I was ready to cancel it.
The female owner is an amazing hostess and server, but the other waitstaff is inexperienced and don't have the same "hustle" that she does.
I am still in love with their fresh baked bread, but when it's served at the restaurant, it comes with awful olive oil for dipping.
It's totally flavorless.
One the plus side, the starter salad was even better than what I remembered from take out.
Perfectly dressed with green olives and roasted red peppers.
I got the eggplant parm (off the menu), and I was warned it was non-traditional i.e.
no breading.
It was great!
But the pasta it came with was almost drowning in oil.
I was disappointed with the funghi pizza that we got.
The mushrooms were underseasoned, and the truffle oil made it taste a little off.
Hey all restaurants, can we agree to stop using truffle oil?
It's just chemical flavoring and has nothing to do with a real truffle ::::end rant::::  I would still recommend Zappone's but with some reservations.

We were here the other night for dinner and it was pretty good overall.
Nice atmosphere, small and cozy.
Happy hour every day 3-6pm has some nice options for drinks, appetizers, and desserts that are very affordable.
Service was great, we were there pretty early for dinner, and we were greeted right away and never wanted for anything.
They boxed the food up for us at the end which was nice.
We were initially brought some sourdough bread which was soft and delicious.
Our meals included salads and I had the Caesar and my boyfriend had the house salad.
He loved his house salad with red roasted peppers, tomatoes, and olives.
Mine was not bad but really overdressed, the leaves were soaked in dressing which some people may like but was just a bit much for me.
We had the artichoke dip appetizer served with toasted bread slices and this was awesome (about 5 on the happy hour price).
I really enjoyed this.
For dinner I ordered the shrimp scampi linguine (14) with a pink scampi sauce which was good, but not something I'd order a second time.
My boyfriend had the chicken alfredo (10) and he wasn't a fan, mostly due to the underseasoning.
I liked it better than he did but I definitely thought both the chicken and the sauce was underseasoned.
Dessert we ordered the warm chocolate cookie with gelato (4 on happy hour) which was good and gelato was excellent.
So overall, price is good, service for us was great, atmosphere nice and the food we had was either amazing or meh.
I'd be happy to come here again but it won't become one of my local haunts.

We just came from having the BEST pizza we have ever eaten.
We had the Sicilian and added artichokes.
Unbelievably delicious, Artisan style and fresh.
It was wonderful.
The owner/cook and entire staff made their way over to our table just to greet us.
They sell homemade french bread and rosemary/kalamata olive french bread.
Took two loaves home.
Don't listen to one word negative about the restaurant, service or food.
It really was delightful.
fyi:  to Lenne O from Denver...  You must have been in the pizza restaurant across the parking lot because 1)you do not serve your own beverage  2) there isn't a chalkboard and 3) you don't prepay or pre-tip.
None of that...

Went here yesterday (3-30-13) with my wife.
Started out with an appetizer of Bruschetta then main course.
Bruschetta was excellent, was six half slices of bread with 3 different types of Bruschetta.
I had the Chicken Piccata  and my wife had the Gnocchi.
My Piccata was excellent,chicken over spinach and capers with a white sauce and plate of pasta on the side.
The Gnocchi came with a tomato meat sauce (over or on the side) very good also.
I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Oh yes.
the waitstaff  was among the most friendly I have ever had at a restaurant.

I was here a few weeks ago with a group of people and brought a coupon.
When we ordered, the server confirmed that we could use it.
When it was time to pay, the greeter/cashier informed us we could not use the coupon as one of the meals was a special.
When we pointed out that the coupon merely said "on orders over $30" and not couting the special, the meals were more than $30, he then changed the story and said the coupon was not valid during happy hour.
(We caught the last ten minuts of it and no special conditions were noted on the coupon.
Though we got good service, three of the meals were very small and the fourth meal was only so-so.
Sorry, but I cannot recommend this restaurant.

Coming out of review hibernation to sing the praises of Zappone's.
Fiance & I have been here at least 6 times in the past handful of months...
I've ordered a variety of things off their menu and have NEVER been disappointed.
And I'm a little picky about my Italian food.
None of their sauces are too sweet (I have a major beef with sugared down sauce)... lasagna, ravioli, gnocchi, tortelloni... all amazing!
And for those cannoli purists out there, yes, their cannoli are made with ricotta and not cream.
I know that was a big selling point for my mom.
;)  To those older reviews who complained about having to pre-pay & pre-tip, this is no longer a thing at Zappone's.
Servers are super friendly and amazing.
I always enjoy my visits here.

So life has been pretty stressful lately.
Gravity appears to becoming stronger, or I'm gaining weight.
Somebody is dying my perfectly black hair with some stray white ones.
My friends claim that I'm in denial, but they just don't realize I will never turn 30.
I have some wedding vows to write, and a tennis buddy insists that it will come to me at a sushi restaurant after 2 sake bombers, and I'm almost desperate enough to go that route.
North Korea seems to want to play with nukes.
But you know what really bothers me?
Zappone's Italian Bistro having only 3.5 stars.
Are you kidding me Arizona?
Fine, I'm getting older and gaining weight and graying out, fine I'll probably plagiarize somebody's vows online, fine another Korean War is inevitable, but no freaking way is Zappone's 3.5 stars.
We've been coming here since December, and probably been back about half a dozen times.
The interior is very smartly designed with a modernist look but also comfy booths and bar/counter top seating throughout.
The food is expertly made, and just tonight I had a gnocchi special that blew my mind- great chew on this freshly made pasta with every bite having a little uniqueness, coated with pancetta, onions, chili flakes, in a rich, slightly tart marinara sauce.
My fiancee had a lovely spinach ravioli special, that was Miss America pretty to look at but Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition satisfying.
Their house salad is a little different every time, this time sporting more sweet  peppers than normal but perfect for me, though YMMV.
Their calamari had a perfectly light breading, and extremely thinly sliced lemon was also battered and flash fried to make a perfect accompaniment to the marinara sauce.
Prior visits had the lasagna, tortellini, and spaghetti ala mare been extraordinarily enticing.
The only Italian restaurant I've had in the east valley that compares to Zappone's is La Calabria, and the cost is probably about half of theirs.
The staff has been ridiculously welcoming, and service has been comfortable yet still professional.
I've always had to drive a fair distance to get an Italian meal I really enjoyed, but am ecstatic that I've got a great restaurant about 2 miles away.
If you're still reading my review you must have a lot of patience, and you should reward yourself with a visit to Zappone's.
Be forewarned however, you might just fall in love with the food, write silly reviews, maybe even belittle the seriousness of Korean War part deux- and like me, find that it was all totally worth it.

The Popeye pizza was very good.
That's about the only thing great.
Dirty plate was brought to table.
Bread was brought only after having to ask.
There was no butter or olive oil served to go with bread.
Took server several minutes to bring Parmesan cheese to table after pizza was served.
They were out Ingrediants to make the orange mojito.
Out of Bud Light.
Too many great options in Gilbert to go here again.
Very disappointed.
Was looking for this place to be great.

1st let me open with this: I had high hopes for this pizza after reading the reviews.
It was ready promptly which kept those hopes alive.
But alas, those hopes were quickly dashed after the first bite.
Let me follow that opening with this closer: I ordered the pie for my wife and I in an effort to avoid the pain, sorrow and agony of eating the cafeteria food at the hospital where we were after the birth of our child.
After the 1st bite though I realized that I had these food items situationally reversed and began eating the cafeteria food...with vigor.
I am not sure I can say much more than that.
When given the choice between a cold quesadilla and this pizza there were only 2 viable options: eat the cold cafeteria quesadilla or throw away the pizza and eat the box.
I went with option 1 as the box had some of the pizza sauce on it and wasn't made from recycled material.

This is a great little Italian restaurant the serves fresh creative foods.
It has a reasonably priced wine list that features some great tastes.
I have been there a number of times for both lunch and dinner.
The only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the silverware.
They use that flat tinny stuff with sharp edges.
It is a pet peeve for me.
All the chef's hard work to provide a great food experience is diminished when the sharp edge of the fork scrapes across your lips.

I ordered takeout tonight from Zappone's.
I have never eaten here prior, usually takeout is lacking the quality you usually get sitting in, not tonight.
Atmosphere was welcoming.
The ladies that helped me are very nice and the food was awesome.
I highly recommend the artichoke dip and the Alfredo tortellini.
To top it off I ordered 20 minutes before they closed and picked the food up 2 minutes prior to closing.
I will be returning regularly after discover this place.

My husband is from Rhode Island and knows his Italian.
He gives the red sauce a thumbs up!
The place is really charming, the decor is like a Godfather scene.
Pasta with meatballs was great, antipasti salad and bruschetta were yummy!

This place was an amazing find!!
Nicely decorated and the customer service was over and above any expectation!
And if that isn't enough to get you here then let me tell you about the delicious food.
The owner bakes the bread from scratch as well as homemade pastas.
I had penne a la vodka which was so delicious.
Hubby had pasta with clams and mussels which he loved and probably will come back here just for that!
We topped of the dinner with dessert.
Heaven.

Wow, all these people giving 5 stars?
This place is just ok.
Promising: half price bottles of wine on Tuesdays.
Server recommended the Malbec, which I enjoyed and took home the rest of the bottle.
Fried ravioli app: tasty but nothing special.
Marinara was decent.
Caesar salad.
Yep, I agree with other reviewers.
Tasteless.
Desperately needs anchovies.
Bread: Very fresh, but again, agree with other reviewers, olive oil dip is worthless.
Maybe a little more balsamic?
Dipping it in the marinara was definitely the way to go.
Ameriabiatta(?
) With sausage: tasty sauce but lacking in meat.
Penne ala vodka with chicken: a bit lacking in flavor and sauce.
Chicken was those little frozen chicken chunks from Costco.
Wtf?
The owner lady stopped by so we asked how it was cooked.
She says it's caramelized in the pizza oven.
Uh, what?
Chicken doesn't caramelize.
I think maybe it was thawed in the pizza oven.
I definitely could have made this dish better myself.
Service: no complaints.
Server was helpful and attentive.
Overall:  Glad I had a $10 for $20 living social coupon, otherwise would've been very overpriced for an okay but not awe inspiring meal.
Menu is limited, ingredients aren't high quality.
Next time I want Italian I'll go to Baci's Italian bistro.
See my other review for true awesomeness.

Just had lunch there with my wife and enjoyed every minute.
The service was excellent !!!
My wife has some food restrictions and they were accommodating.
My wife forgot to tell them about one her restrictions and did not remember until after the food was at our table.
The server took care of it in no time at all.
The.
Food was really good.
Pricing was good.
I recommend that you try this bistro.

East Valley, very good Italian food, very friendly and attentive customer service, nice selection of wines.
Ok, now for the review.
I had the manicotti and Susan had the antipasti.
Both were very good and we are anxious to try something else on the menu.
The bread is made by the chef and very good.
They did not get 5 stars because I think the ambiance could be improved on.
I have always heard when restaurants start painting advertising on their windows it means their business is slacking off.
When we walked up I said uh oh... painting on the windows.
Fortunately the pizza advertising didn't take away from our experience.

Went with a couple of friends to enjoy food and company.
When we arrived we were quickly seated and drink orders taken.
I am a vegetarian and had no problem finding something on the menu.
I ordered the eggplant parmesan and was not disappointed.
The homemade bread was delicious and service great.
We ran into some old friends and practically closed the place down getting caught up.

Today was my second visit and I found it to be just as excellent as the first.
Very friendly staff and great service.
Try the warm olives if you haven't already done so.
I am hooked!
On the first visit I had an Antipasto platter.
Very tasty and really fresh meats and cheese.
Today I had the Italian sandwich.
Wonderful meld of flavors!
By the time we were done with lunch there was only room for coffee.
The next visit I will start with dessert and then worry about lunch or dinner.
I highly recommend giving this family owned jewel a try.

This place is just awesome.
I love supporting family owned places.
The salads are amazing here.
I LOVE the Caesar Salad, ask them to add some of the roasted red peppers to it to make it even more amazing.
They have great fresh bread, too.
I had the Lasagna.
I really love their red sauce.
I cannot wait to come back.
The prices are excellent or the amount and quality of food.
You MUST try this place if you like home cooked, not chain Italian food.

I dined here this past Saturday with my family.
After reading the raving reviews, my expectations were high.
We arrived there at 6:15 and were promptly seated at the only open table in the restaurant.
Our server was quite cheerful and took our drink order right away.
For appetizers we ordered the fried calamari, Caprese flat bread, and cheese bread.
I would have loved to order the Bruschetta but $9.00 for some diced plum tomatoes seemed overpriced.
We might have made a different choice of appetizers had we been given bread prior to ordering.
Our bread came when we were almost finished with our entrees and only because we asked for it after we saw it being served to other tables.
1) Cheese bread..... Had a nice flavor to it.
2) Calamari....... Was prepared with a flower dredge.
Could have been cooked a little longer because I like it prepared crispy.
Had ZERO seasoning on it.
I am used to having my Calamari seasoned (salted) as soon as it comes out of the fryer.
No biggie, with a little salt it tasted good.
3) Caprese flat bread...... Has to be the best crust that I have ever had!
(in AZ that is) Cheese was very good, but this also lacked seasoning.
For our entrees, the kids ordered Chicken Picatta, Penne Ala Vodka, and Eggplant Rollatini.
My husband and I ordered the Calabrese pizza.
(Damn, that crust is good)       1) Pizza.........Our pizza was good!
The crust was airy and crispy, the cheese was a fresh high quality Whole milk Mozzarella.
We usually order our pizza well done, but there was no need to do so here.
The chef has the art of cooking a pizza correctly down pat.
2)  Chicken Picatta........  Never have seen it prepared with a cream sauce and spinach, but my daughter liked it.
3) Penne Ala Vodka......... Was a nice size portion and had great flavor.
4) Eggplant Rollatini.........  Had a good flavor to it, our son really enjoyed it.
His only complaint was the portion size.
Overall, our dinner at Zappone's was good.
Will most likely put this place in the rotation.
I have read in other reviews a comparison to La Calabria.
I don't believe that this is an "apples to apples" comparison.
I would like to think that Gilbert has 3 levels of service and quality for Italian dining.
1) LaCalabria......
I have been eating Chef Giovanni's cooking since he worked at Caruso's.
His flavor pairings are second to none and his saucier skills are amazing.
2) Zappone's ...... Love that they serve pizza here.
And not only good pizza, GREAT pizza!
A nice middle of the road restaurant with good food, good atmosphere, and a friendly staff.
3) Casanova Brother's Pizza.......
I'm a die hard NY Yankee hater!!
So, that being said, I'm not a fan of the décor.
As far as the food goes, these "Goombas" can make a GOOD New York style pie, and it's the only place that I know of that will fry a calzone.
Go Red Sox!

My husband and I have been to Zappone's twice and the food is fresh and wonderful!
The bread was good but the salad was amazing!
The owner/chef makes everything himself, from scratch and I could certainly taste the difference.
I ordered the Chicken Picatta (chicken breast, in a creamy sauce with capers and lemon) served on top of fresh spinach.
My entree included a separate bowl of pasta.
My husband enjoyed some spaghetti also.
We were fortunate to find a Groupon but will come back soon on our own.
The bathrooms were very clean and it was a great find.
Enjoy!

Wow, this place is off the chart amazing for Italian food.
The prices are incredibly reasonable.
Everything was made to order in the kitchen by the owner Sal.
He does not skimp on quality and you can taste it in the dishes he prepares.
I am so picky about Italian food and this is the best in Arizona.
I truly felt like I was in little Italy in New York eating at 5 star restaurant that has been open for over a hundred years.
After speaking with Sal I know why.
His family is from Italy and his grandmother and mother taught him how to cook Italian food at a young age.
After years of training in the restaurant industry He and his wife decided to take a leap of faith and open up this restaurant 7 months ago.
It doesn't matter where you live in Arizona, You have to make this a must stop!
We tried The Amatriciana(absolutely incredible), the porcini raviolis, chicken parmesan, and this cheese stuffed pastry dessert, which was to die for.
We also ordered the calamari, but not fried, sautéed in a red sauce that was exquisite.
This wasn't on the menu but we asked to have this made.
I am looking forward to taking the next cooking class he offers and attending a wine dinner in the future.
Don't forget to take a loaf of bread home for sandwiches or French toast the next day.
And most importantly they do 50% off bottles of wine on Tuesdays.
We had the Vitiano, Italian Blend which was a great bottle with a full flavor.
Enjoy

This isn't just my favorite new Italian restaurant, it's my favorite new restaurant, period!
I am a serious foodie, and it's difficult to make me happy (just ask my friends and family).
Also the quantity of REALLY GOOD food I have eaten in this state is almost too small to measure.
So where do I start with Zappone's?
It's everything you ever wanted in a casual Italian place.
The service is friendly, efficient and very accommodating.
Like, can I order that, but leave that off or add that kind of thing.
Again, with the ME being picky.
The food is beautiful, freshly made in-house, and in terms of the flavor, ranks up there with any Italian I've eaten anywhere (S.F., LA, etc).
At least one reviewer was totally incorrect - not only do they use the very freshest ingredients, they will only use certain special cheeses and sausage they import from Italy.
My faves so far?
Well if I have to pick; Eggplant Rolatini, handmade Ravioli, Enzo Pizza, Pork Milanese, House Salad, Bolognese sauce....and I haven't made it all the way through the menu yet :) The daily fresh bread is baked right there by Chef Sal and is available for purchase to take home.
Since I'm also a wine lover, I appreciate that the wine is priced reasonably (seriously, there are places you can pay over $10 for a glass of Kendall-Jackson - ridiculous!
), and that the wine list is growing to include more boutique wines and greater variety.
I like it there so much I have had two events there for my wine group, and both were amazing with the food, service and wine.
And yea I know there's paint on the windows, but do you have any idea how many restaurants have gone out of business here???
I'm not a fan of the paint either, but I don't care as long as they stay in business and I can keep eating there!
If you went when they first opened, you need to go again!
(just so you know, I never write Yelp reviews....)

I like Zappone's a lot!
The best part is that it is reasonably quiet so I could have a long lunch and great conversation with a friend.
The music is of varied types, but kept very low.
The food was very good.
The service was excellent.
Megan was very skilled at being at the table at just the right times and not being an intrusion otherwise during our leisurely lunch.
We shared a big salad first...excellent...followed by a pizza.
The pizza was slow to arrive which didn't matter as we had salad and were in no hurry.
When it did arrive it was excellent, great crust.
Later Megan brought us complimentary cannolis because the pizza was delayed.
She explained the chef wasn't happy with the crust on the pizza and remade it for us, thus the delay.
I didn't love the large, painted ads in the front windows...tacky.
Otherwise, it was excellent.
I will be back.
It was was an excellent lunch experience.

AMAZING FOOD!
I had the chicken pesto sandwich with house salad it was to die for.
Will definitely go back!

I should try there pizza next time.
I ended up getting the chef special spinach Ravioli and it was 7 small raviolis for around 13 or 14 dollars.
I was told afterward that it was one of the smallest portions on the menu.
I do not recommend it.
My wife ordered a sandwich and it was dripping with way too much oil.
I told them that I would most likely not come back but I may try the pizza some day if that is what they are good at.

I really don't understand all the 5 star reviews.
This place was average at best.
Food took a very long time to come out even though the place didn't seem that busy.I had spaghetti and meatballs, my wife had chicken Parmesan, and the kids had cheese pizza.
All very average, nothing was outstanding.
Everything needed salt and more seasoning.
Price wise, value was good.

Listen - a lot of the pastas are homemade and even the ones that are not are perfectly cooked and the sauces are savory and delicious.
The bread is light and chewy at the same time and served with olive oil.
Salads are fresh and perfectly dressed.
Ambiance is very nice - mellow music, tasteful art.
Service is impeccable.
Only regret I had was not saving room for dessert.
We'll definitely be back.

Just got done with an early dinner.
We had a coupon that gave us an appetizer and dinner for 20 buck.
This place is fairly new.
We were the only ones in e place at 3:30 in the afternoon.
The food was very good.
They know how to make real Italian dishes.
The place it tucked back in a strip mall so I don't think they get much drive through traffic.
Anyway, it a hidden gem.
You need to try it.

Saw the Chef on Channel 3 and everything he prepared for them looked amazing and so fresh.
I was very excited to try it.
The service was great, we were seated quickly, our waitress was very friendly and helpful.
We ordered an appetizer - the fried gnocchi.
Great!
Crispy on the outside and cheesy gooey on the inside.
The caesar salads were ok, nothing special.
My husband ordered the veal manicotti and I ordered the eggplant rollatini.
The manicotti filling was a little under-seasoned so it was just ok.
The eggplant however, tasted like the freezer.
Weird.
Why would they freeze eggplant?
I thought it didn't make sense so it must just be me.
I ate the filling out of it and pushed the weird tasting eggplant to the side.
Then we decided to split the desert sampler.
The Sfogliatelle was DELICIOUS!
But the Rum Baba had that same gross freezer taste again.
I asked the waitress and she confirmed that the desserts do come in frozen...blech.
Don't waste your time on that one - (unless it is for the visuals because lets just say - it's a great looking dessert for a bachelorette party).
I don't get all the 5 star reviews for this place.
We must've ordered the wrong things.
After tax and tip we left $100 lighter and I really don't feel like it was worth it.

Forget reading all reviews and just go!!!
This place is awesome!!!
My husband is culinary trained and it's hard to find a restaurant where he is happy to spend his money.
Well this is one of the very few.
Every plate of food we have had in the place has been delicious.
You can tell it is family ran because you can taste the love and the joy of cooking in the food.
And the dessert.... there are just no words so order it or if you are full take it home with you.
I am so glad we found this place!!

I am an Italian food snob because my family is Italian and I grew up on authentic Italian foods.
Rarely have I come across a worthy Italian eatery in the Phoenix area.
Look no more, this one is going on my list of regulars.
The truffle mushroom pizza is to die for!

Excellent in every way!
Great family owned bistro with amazing food from Chef Sal!
We have been to Zappone's for lunch, dinner and special events.
The food is just amazing!
Owner's and their staff are friendly and service was fast every time.
I have not had anything here that I did not love!

A hidden gem, a diamond in the rough no longer.
I first tried out Zappone's on the day they opened as my daily commute takes me out front of the shopping center it is located in.
Seeing a sign for 'Italian food coming soon' always garners my immediate attention (I'm hooked on pretty much any Italian dish).
To think a nice new (locally owned) Italian restaurant would be located minutes from home, I was excited to try it out.
Well, no more Superstition Spring national chain restaurants will do any longer!
The food and atmosphere here are great.
Sal is a master in the kitchen along with his wife Dina.
The staff has always been welcoming and accommodating.
Although I don't get in as often as I'd like, they still remember your face each time you come in.
Many of our orders have been the 'take-out' variety due to a toddler at home.
However, sitting down with a nice glass of wine and some great pizza always makes for an enjoyable time there.
The calamari with the friend lemon was something I had not seen before but very tasty.
The Chicken Pesto sandwich is very good and don't get me started on the homemade chips.
Those things are straight out of a fairy tale!
I'm a plain guy when it comes to the pasta, so penne and meatballs are right up my alley and the meatballs are fantastic.
I have one other favorite Italian restaurant in the East Valley (located in Tempe) but Zappone's sits right atop there with them.
The bonus for me is the very convenient location to home and being along my daily work commute.
Sadly, it is no longer an unknown hidden gem, but now all the better for everyone as they are truly deserving of the praise.

Came out to lunch with my daughter an fiancée found this place on yelp so thought we would try it out.
We had a pepperoni pizza a cheese pizza an a pasta with rose an red wine was unbelievably good an tried the Cannolis  very good the people there are so friendly an we will defiantly be going back again for date night

Everything is made fresh to order.
Food was incredible and service was friendly and fast.

Yummy.
I ordered the Chicken Marsala and my husband got Chicken Parmesan, both were delish!
The side Caesar salad was great too.
Service was timely..highly recommend

A client highly recommended this place because she knows we love good  Italian food.
I ordered the chicken parm and my bf ordered spaghetti and meatballs.
My chicken could have been cooked a little more, just a lil pink in the middle and was disappointed to see water from the pasta sitting in my bowl of spaghetti.
My bf's spaghetti also had water on his plate from the pasta to the point he literally poured I t onto a little bread plate.
Also, if you're a coke product fan, this place serves pepsi.
Aside from that,  the service was very good, ambience was nice and they had live music on a friday night.
Being we live in Chandler,  if we were in the area I might give it another shot.

This is an excellent little italian joint with a few nice touches.
The good:   1.
The pizza is excellent  2.
The Pasta was excellent  3.
The Sausage was excellent  4.
The guy playing guitar was excellent and a great touch  5.
The Lasagna was great!
The not good:  1.
They forgot our salads and brought them out during the meal.
They apologized and said they would buy us dessert.
So we spent time thinkiing about the desserts.
Then dessert just showed up and it was Pumpkin pie, which we dont like.
My advice is if you're going to offer to buy someone dessert, let them choose the dessert!
The Olive Oil is they choose for the bread lacks flavor and Character  3.
Would be great if when someone orders a side of garlic, they would sautee it in butter before bringing it to the table.
They brought us raw chopped garlic, which while it was still a great addition to the food (they tend to season their food lightly because its a high elderly clientele, you might need to add salt), just cook it in a bit of Olive oil in a pan for 30 seconds.
Really makes it pop!
Great spot.
We will be back.
Decent happy hour too.
PLEASE DON'T BRING YOUR KIDS HERE!!
ITS A SMALL QUIET DARK RESTAURANT.
Don't be those people.
Seriously.
Some of us go out to enjoy time AWAY from screaming babies  Had to drop the rating a star due to our recent visit/ we bought 2 of the Yelp deals which we were very sure had no fine print saying you could not use 2, then they only allowed us to use 1.
The eggplant was not very good

I was thoroughly delighted by their fresh made bread.
It was delectable.
The staff was extremely friendly and made thoughtful dinner selection options.
Although, the sandwiches were reasonably priced and tasty, their chicken pesto sandwich loaded with mayonnaise gave me a wicked stomach ache.
The jury is still out on that one.
Having said that,  I would still recommend this place to friends and will be going back.

Ate dinner for the first time at this local italian restaurant.
The food was fresh, well prepared and tasty.
Our appetizer of mussels in red marinara sauce was positively wonderful!
Had chicken marsala and that was also great.
Prices were pretty reasonable, too.
Disappointed that we had no bread on our table as I have read reviews that it was fantastic.
Will remember to ask for it next time as we intend to go here again.

The FOOD was AMAZING!!!!!
The two owners are two of the nicest people that I have ever crossed paths with.
Sal's meatballs were better than my grandmothers and I didn't think I liked cheesecake until I tried his.
I felt like I was literally having an out of body experience the food was that good.
I have been to Italy and seriously my lunch (I had the bruschetta also) was just as good if not better than the restaurants over there.
Sal puts his heart and soul into all of it and uses only the best of ingredients and that is what is missing in many restaurants these days.
Please go to this restaurant if you are in the area or even out of the area as you will LOVE IT!
This is one of those places that is worth a "road trip" for.
You know the kind where you go to a place specifically for the food.
Again, you will enjoy EVERYTHING on the menu and you will fall in love with the owners as they are literally the mom and pop place you want to see succeed!
And don't be surprised if you pick up a cook book one day with Sal's recipes in it, he's that good!

This place is a freaking disaster and nightmare.
They have to be paying people to go on and write reviews because I can't believe anyone would actually return to this establishment.
First of all it's an Italian restaurant in a strip mall next to a sushi joint and a closed down Indian buffet.
I don't know why that makes them think they can charge $13 a plate for chicken alfredo but regardless we ordered.
I ordered the lasagna and my bf ordered the chicken alfredo.
They both came with salads.
I asked for blue cheese with my house (which I didn't get) and my boyfriend who hates salad got the Caesar.
Ps we asked if he could substitute the small side salad for anything else like soup and the waitress said no.
The house dressing was so salty it burned my lips, sorry, I don't enjoy salt on my salad.
Then the food finally came and my boyfriends alfredo was dried out and again soooo salty and my lasagna... don't even get me started... disgusting... AGAIN SALTY... what is with the fricken salt!!
We were starving and hoping for large portions but we only managed to choke down half of our mediocre portions of overpriced food.
If you thought that was bad then you should hear about our drinks... My bf ordered bud light which they only had 2 bottles on site so then he had to drink their draft beer and pay the price of their stupid craft draft beer...   We finally got our check and I knew it was going to be expensive but the waitress charged me $7 each for my well vodka and diet drink... Who the H3LL charges $7 for a well drink!!?!?
The BF's Bud Lights were $6.50 TOTAL.
I thought it must be a mistake so I asked the waitress if that was the case (maybe she entered the drink wrong) which she did...
It should have been $6 for a well and diet?!?!?
WTH She said she would refund my $2 but by that point she could keep her $2 and shove it...   We promptly walked over to Desert Babes Sports Grille, where I got a well and diet for $3 my bf got a big bud light for $3.75 and ordered a delicious appetizer to settle our starving stomachs.
Horrible, expensive and disgusting..
I hope to g0d they close soon.

Not an Italian Fan but the seafood fettuccine was good as well as the warm olive appetizer.
Nice and close to the hotel so I may have to try it again next week!

We had high hopes as we headed out to Zappone's for dinner.
We are big pizza aficionados.
We brought our son, daughter in law and grand baby with us.
We both ordered the pizza margarita.
We were very disappointed.
I give them one star for using fresh buffalo mozzarella, but other than that, it was bland.
The sauce had not a lick of flavor.
The pizza was almost a liquid, melted mess.
It had no flavor at all.
The crust was probably ok, but without any flavor in the sauce it tasted like nothing.
Each pizza was $18, for cheese pizza.
I had hoped with all these 5 stars it would be like Pizza Bianco, but alas, it was not.
The waitress was very nice and the establishment was clean.
That's about it.
Also we ordered the Caesar salad.
Again, no real flavor at all.
Sorry Zappone's.
We really wanted to like you.

Just heard about Zappone's and so we tried it out for lunch.
First impression are important.
Mine was that someone needs to change the mop bucket (was Bieber in there?).
Walked through the door and was greeted by a putrid smell; like the floor had been mopped with a mildewed mop.
Not very appetizing,  but we stayed.
Server was quick to seat us and take our drink orders and bring out some bread with a small cup of olive oil/balsamic.
I ordered the Penne Rose and lunch buddy ordered the Spaghetti Marinara.
The penne dish was tasty, but not remarkable.
Lunch buddy felt the sauce on her spaghetti shouldn't be described as marinara; it was just sauce.
We weren't impressed, but may give it another try.

Went for a Valentines day lunch!
So glad I did.
It really is a hidden gem.
My husband got the chicken marsala and says he will get it again the next time we come.
I got the casa salad which was so good.
But their bread and desserts can't be beat.
We had a hazelnut gelato.
So many good quality options!

Great little Italian place.
Awesome pizza..great fresh pasta.
Owners are very nice treat u like family.
Sometimes they even have groupons for 10 for 20$ I think.
Definitely worth coming by would recommend it for anyone

Another great experience here!
Everything was dead on except the Eggplant which really needs help.
Other than that, great!
Service was average at best.
Food is rockin!

Just ate here yesterday and the one word that comes to mind is FRESH!
I was struck by how fresh the cheese, bread, and vegetables tasted -- everything seemed fresh and high quality.
I came at a fairly slow time of day (after the lunch rush), so the food came out fast; I've also been there on days when they've been slammed however, when food took a longer time to get to the table.
I don't see this as a huge problem though because it just shows that everything is cooked fresh -- this place is definitely no fast food joint!
The servers are always polite and kind.
I've had the Caprese and Casa salads and must say I prefer the Caprese.
The Casa comes with these round rolls of shaved fennel, which I'm not the biggest fan of.
The bread they bring to each table is freshly-baked and very good.
I prefer the garlic cheese bread with some marinara dipping sauce -- but your breath WILL smell.
Their lunch-size veggie pizza is delicious but very large and in my opinion, doesn't taste good left-over, so eat it all and welcome the food coma later.
;)  Friends also really like their sandwiches.
Lunch specials run from 11-2.
Happy hour from 3-6.
And I guess they have live music some evenings too.
One of the best Italian places around!

Zappone's Bistro has quickly become our favorite restaurant in the Valley.
Everything we've ever had here is wonderful.
On Feb 26th we were treated to one of Chef Sal and Dina Zappone's wine pairing dinners.
For only $30 a person both the food and the value was outstanding.
The three courses were accompanied by a wine or cocktail selection and all was delicious - especially the chicken saltimboca with the Sassoregale Sangiovese.
Mmmmm I hope to have this again soon.
Gigantic kudos to Zappone's and please, if you are in the mood for fine Italian food - or the best pizza in the East Valley - come give them a try.
You won't be sorry.

Read reviews and decided try it.
We found the bruschetta sauce flavored well.
They were good size for two and hearty.
The homemade fresh bread was tasty.
Had it been warmed it would have been even better.
My Cesar salad was good.
The house salad was a little too drenched in the vinegar estate.
For the main dishes we ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and the penne ala vodka.
The sauce was great on the penne and the homemade meatballs err moist and seasoned well.
The sauce was sweet and not too acidic or thick.
My gripe is if your going to have homemade sauce and meatballs your pasta should be homemade also and I could tell it wasn't.
The service was good quality.
We were seated right away and did not have to wait for anything.

I can see the owners vision with this cute little bistro.
My girlfriend and i have eaten here a few times and the overall ambience is very nice.
Here's a few observations from my meals at Zappones.
1- wine.....i NEVER drink when i go out to dinner because of the insane cost of a drink.
Many times , almost as much as a meal.
7 bucks for a 1/2 a glass of wine stunned me.
I understand the science of selling alcohol but a few ounces for 7 bucks?
The whole bottle might cost 5 ?
2- table bread.....not bad but needs something savory to go with the olive oil.
Balsamic?
Garlic spread?
3- portions.....the salads, calamari, lasagna etc were very small.
This is not family style.
4- prices...a bit high for the portion size.
I just had their meatball sandwich last night which was reasonably priced (7.50)and very tastey.
My girlfriend loves the lasagna as well.
1 coke, 1wine, lasagna and meatball sandwich-- with tip 35.00  Cute place, small portions, not cheap, tastey food

Second time ordering.
First time, our order took an hour and ten minutes to arrived.
The promised time was 45mins.
That's 30mins pass due.
Second time, we ordered and promised a delivery time of 5:45 to 5:55.
Order was placed at 4:56.
It is now 6:28.
Our order is yet to arrived.
What the bloody hell?!
)=|  This will be our last time ordering from this place!!!

Zappone's is one of our favorite Italian restaurants in the Valley.
Owners Sal and Dina Zappone are awesome.
Sal makes the bread and pasta from scratch and everything we have there is delicious.
Can't beat the half-priced bottles of wine on Tuesday.
Live music on the weekend and special wine dinners that are reasonably priced keep us coming back at least every other week.
See Sal on Sonoran Living and some other local morning shows.
He's personable and fun!

We received correspondence from this spot.
Thank you for taking your time.
We did verify the number we provided to GrubHub.
It was a working number.
We also rang the spot when the promise delivery time was not fulfilled to follow up with our order.
All we were told was "It's on the way!
" With a bit of an annoyed and hurried tone from the lady we spoke with.
Hung up without letting us interject with our inquiry.
We love supporting mum and pop local shoppes.
But we require proper service.
One of them is keeping what was promised - timely delivery.
Waiting for delivery of cold pizza, and appetizer for nearly two hours... Is not at all timely.

Yum, got the lunch calzone, it's great, I can't believe I stopped eating it to write this review.
Friendly staff.
Great place.

Just had date night with the hubby here, we've been wanting to try it because it's so close to home.
It's cute inside when you walk in.
Doesn't hold a lot of people, and for a strip mall it's cute.
Ordered bruschetta trio- to be honest I hated the fig jam and prosciutto one.
Yuck.
The ricotta cheese and red bell pepper was ok, a little flavorless.
But the caprese one was fantastic!
The bread for the bruschetta was really yummy.
Had the corleone pizza- I really liked the crust and sauce but I felt like the cheese was a little cheap and the grease was abundant.
I will definitely come back and order pasta and a salad next time.
It is way better than Salernos up the street.

Ordered takeout today pasta, couple of appetizers and a couple of sandwiches.
Food as always was excellent and the service as well.
Everyone always treats you like family.

**To-Go Order**  I was craving Italian so naturally I turned to Yelp for something close.
I called in my to-go order and was helped by a very happy and helpful hostess.
I asked questions about their menu and she explained in great detail about the entree's.
I ended up ordering the Chicken Picatta (I am a sucker for lemon and capers.
) The chicken was cooked right, the cream sauce was okay it could have used more seasoning.
The spinach was good, but the sauteed veggies were a little on the mushy side.
The meal came with a mini salad which was fresh and their pesto dressing which was enjoyable.
My brother ordered the Spaghetti & Meatballs, which he said was good and noted the sauce was a little on the sweet side.
All in all it was an "A-Ok" experience.
The food was prepared quickly and the service was friendly and well priced.

This was a great stop to satisfy an Italian craving.
I loved that "Extra Virgin" (Debi Mazar + hubby cooking show) was on in the background in the lunch hour.
A solid offering and lots of power flavors from the antipasto plate to the pasta.

You know I don't know what I was expecting when I walked in here with a friend to try it for the first time but I was impressed from the moment I opened the door.
The decor is very tasteful and the atmosphere welcoming.
We were dressed casually but as it is lunch hour nobody seemed to mind and most of the other customers were in work clothing and equally as casual dress.
The service was exceptional and the food was absolutely delicious.
The pizza is some of the best I've had in the ten years I've lived here.
Definitely give this place a try if you haven't.

We came here based on yelp reviews and can't wait to come back!
As we were told by our server Zappones is run by an Italian couple and they make everything authentic.
The bread was heavenly!
The Caesar salad was good.
I had the lasagna, which was fresh and had great flavor, so delicious.
Next time I will order with meat sauce as there is very little meat in lasagna traditionally.
My husband had the shrimp scampi in rose sauce over fettuccine which was to die for!
He wanted to go back a couple of hours later and have it again.
Our server was sweet and friendly and knowledgable.

Delicious, fresh and authentic!
Portions are huge so be sure to bring a friend.... Or five!
We split the pancetta, it was life changing!
I really enjoyed the cozy atmosphere and live music.
Be sure to check out this hidden gem!

Excellent experience.
I enjoyed the atmosphere and the food.
Food was a hit from beginning to end.
House made bread was perfect and started things off just right.
The bread really captured the Southern Italian flavor I prefer.
The chef and owner was super kind and came out to our table.
Service was right there too we didn't want for anything.
I had the eggplant and I would highly suggest that.
I was with two other folks and we all enjoyed the entrees.
We missed the pizza and will be sure to try that next time.
Super authentic, definite attention to the "little" things - I am looking forward to going back.
Get the Cannoli - they make it to order - like they should !

So far I have had the fried ravioli, spaghetti & meatballs, and lasagne.
They were all amazing, however the portion sizes were too small.
I felt like I needed to order a second entree because I was still hungry.
If they would increase portion sizes, this place would definitely be 5 stars

I called with an urgent need to send food to a family after a tragic loss.
I spoke to Dena and she was so kind and helpful and was prepared to have the catering delivered in an hour.
When I called back to let her know I had to change the delivery time she was gracious and understanding.
I wish more business practiced this kind of customer service.
Thank you Dena!

I recently found this restaurant when I was having a hankering for some good spaghetti and meatballs.
I work in East Mesa and am not terribly familiar with mom & pop places nearby.
I was blown away by how good this to-go order was!
The pasta was al dente and the sauce was absolutely delicious.
It also came with a generous portion of bread and a salad, all for a very reasonable price... about $10.
My next trip was only a week later (today) when I ordered the prosciutto and arugula panini.
This sandwich is to die for!
If you're a fan of this salty meat, you will not find a better one around.
It is topped with provolone cheese, roasted red peppers, arugula, and a red wine vinegarette.
I also received a side of potato chips which taste and appear to be homemade.
Total came to $9.29 after tax.
There are many other items on the menu I would like to try.
While some items are more expensive than others, keep in mind there is a lunch specials menu to choose from.
This will definitely be a new go-to place for me!

My hubby and I were driving around for about an hour trying to find somewhere to eat that we haven't tried before so after a while Zappones showed up on yelp and we decided to give it a try... Well we're super happy to say that we did!
My hubby ordered the clams in a garlic cream sauce under the apps as his meal, I ordered the chicken piccata and our daughter had spaghetti w/meatballs and it was all so good!!
Everything was very fresh and tasted amazing!
The waitress was super sweet and knowledgable suggesting their specials and also telling us how the pastas and bread were made fresh in house;) my only complaint is the portions were a lil small but since it was so good I wanted more lol I actually found myself using the homemade bread to soak up the left over sauces on our plates because it was so good!
We will be back for sure!
Thank you Zappones for a great dinner experience!

