My friends & I used Maria this year for the Waste Management Open.
Her service was great and personality was awesome.
She had clear communication and was very timely.
I will definitely be a repeat customer.

Black and White Limo transported us to and from our destination safely and smoothly!
We will be returning customers without a doubt!
We definately refer this business to anyone who needs a ride to and from anywhere!

I recently used Black 'n White Transportation for an airport pickup and drop off a few days later for a few new employees we had in town.
I was told by these employees that it was a very nice experience for them.
Communication was great, everything was right on time, the SUVs were clean and comfortable, the drivers were friendly, etc.
On my end, using Black n' White couldn't have been easier.
Dealing with Chris and Maria was great and we got a corporate account setup quickly.
Billing went very smoothly (I was offered multiple options) and the rates are very competitive.
We will definitely be using Black n' White exclusively from now on for all our corporate transportation needs.

I use Black and White all the time.
Each time the drivers have been courteous and prompt.
I use them for both work and personal travel.
Scheduling is easy to do and they provide a quick response.
I've stopped using other can companies because of how great these guys are

This is hands down the best luxury car service in Arizona.
The cars are in great condition and the drivers are always friendly.
They have always been on time and communicate well when we are coordinating a pick up.
We use Black N White regularly for a night out in Old Town or when we need a family member picked up from the airport.
I would definitely recommend giving these guys a call next time you are looking for an affordable luxury ride.

I have been using Black and White limo for about 8 months to take me to and from the airport.
I have also used them from time to time to take my husband and I to dinner to avoid the dangerous DUI.
They have always been early when picking me up and only minutes away when i am ready to leave.
Their staff is always friendly and polite, cars are very clean, and as a courtesy, always have a complimentary bottled water ready for me.
Since I use them primarily for trips to the airport, I created an account with them which makes it very easy to book the car and receive my receipt via email.
This is a huge help especially when I am submitting my expense report.
If you need a car service for ANYTHING, call Chris or Maria and they will take care of you!

Chris and his team at Black and White Limo are super easy to work with, on-time, professional and hands down the best choice in town!

We hired Black & White limo for our wedding in November and used them again for our rides on NYE.
All of the drivers have been on time & extremely friendly.
The limo & SUV's are very clean and well kept.
When we had a last minute change, they were quick to respond and accept our request.
I highly suggest contacting Chris & Maria for your transportation needs!

My son was going to Prom and the funny thing is he told me this four days before Prom.
So we had a party if 13 people.
I know this is the busy time of year for limos.
So I wasn't too hopeful that I could even find a limo.
First company that I called was Black & White because of all of the great reviews on Yelp.
I called B&W late at night and I talked to the owner Chris.
He was very nice and told me he was out of Limos.
Of course, what do you expect.
I asked him about his Luxury SUV's and he said he could possibly do that and would email me a bid.
In the meantime, I couldn't find anything else.
Chris gave me a really great deal for two Luxury SUV for my kid's Prom.
We changed the pick-up and drop-off points and it was no problem.
Chris was very accommodating and so was his drivers.
The drivers were very prompt in picking up the kids and even had water bottle for the kids on the way to  Prom.
There were also kids who accidentally left things in the car on the way to Prom.
Excited.
Anyways, drivers made sure the kids got their stuff and told them if they forget anything on the way back then they would send everything back to my address.
Very nice.
My son said the drivers were really nice and were on time picking them up from Prom.
They even asked the kids if they had fun.
Seemed like everything worked out very well.
It was a pleasure working with Chris to make my son and all his friends Prom a special moment.
Black & White will always be my first choice for Limo service in the future.
No ands ifs or buts.
If you want stress free Limo service then call Chris and I'm pretty sure he will take care of you just like he took care me.
What a go Black & White.
Appreciate it Chris.

I have used Black and White for several occasions.
In all situations, the service was professional, organized and the rides are always super clean.
I used Black and White for my wedding and they were extremely patient with the bridal party.
Of course, the wedding party ran late and the driver was extremely patient and respectful.
Please consider Black and White if you are looking for a transportation provider.... you will not be disappointed!
Oh and did I mention their rates are extremely reasonable????

We have been looking for a car service to take us from Sky Harbor airport to our house in Peoria.
We were so impressed with Black and White limo.
From the first phone call to arrival at our door the service was 5 stars.
Mike our driver was courteous and provided water upon arrival which was so appreciated.
Unfortunately in Seattle many of the limo drivers are on their phones, weaving all over the roads and literally almost falling asleep that we don't feel safe.
If only they could set up business in Seattle!
Thanks again Chris and Mike for the amazing service.

On time, friendly, great communication whether by email for the initial reservation or by txt once the journey (with multiple stops) began.
Our driver was kind, smart and witty!
You will be thankful if you use them!!
We had a group of 7 going to a high school graduation at ASU and dinner.
Very pleased with the excellent service!!!

Excellent service!!!!!
I hired Black and White to transport my family and I to and from the airport on our recent family holiday.
They were a pleasure to work with on the phone and in person.
Booking the rides was extremely easy and the service was excellent from start to finish.
Early to pickup both times, very clean SUV for both trips, everyone was happy!!
I will use them again.
Thank you Black and White Limo!

