I have been going to this office for a long time, but the quality of service has really gone down.
I recently had an appointment, for which I was 30 minutes early, but then had to wait over one hour past my appointment time to be seen.
After all of this my trial contacts were lost (apparently I picked them up, which I never did) and it is unclear whether or not another pair will be ordered.
The front office staff is not particularly helpful and definitely make you feel like they are doing you a favor by letting you into their office.
Do yourself a favor and go to another optometrist.

I'd give this place -10 stars if I could.
Like reviews before said, it's not the doctors it's the staff.
Picture 3-4 mid life crisis ladies holding up the desk work with no manager supervision and can basically get away with everything.
Yes picture their attitude.
They spelt my sister's name wrong and had the audacity to YELL (and I'm not exaggerating about yelling) at me saying I must've spelt it wrong on the paperwork.
Dude, I'm 21 filling out paperworks.
They are 50+ typing on a computer.
Really?
Who's more likely to make the mistake here?
I told them in a nice normal voice and they start yelling.
I don't even care how nice the doctor was anymore, their staff just killed it.
They need to hire people who actually appreciates their job.
If those ladies hate dealing with customers, then quit.
I'm sureeeee they can easily find another job at their age.
Get your eyes checked somewhere else and bring the prescription to Costco is what I suggest.
This opt office is not a part of Costco.
You complain to Costco, they couldn't even do anything.

Just like an earlier review, IT'S NOT THE DOCTOR, IT'S THE STAFF (the manager to be exact).
I'm a repeat customer and returned in 2013, and I definitely will not be going back after the manager's demeanor when I asked her a question.
She talked to me in a patronizing and condescending manner, which left such an impression on me that I will never go back.
Fortunately, Dr. Rath has an independent clinic in Henderson and Dr. Rath, not Red Rock Vision, will continue to receive my business.
My 2012 Review I almost cancelled my appointment after reading the negative reviews, but it was too last minute.
Good thing, because I had a great experience.
Maybe they fired all the staff since the last negative reviews.
The employees I met were very friendly, and apologized when I had to wait only 10 minutes.
Dr. Rath was, by far, the best optometrist I have been to yet.
He was very receptive to my questions and took the time to make sure my contact lenses fit comfortably, including trying on multiple brands until finding the right one for me.
The price for a contact lense fitting was very reasonable ($120).
This office also has state-of-the-art equipment.

The doctor was absolutely incredible.
I have never seen this well in my entire life.
After he hands me this magical pair of contacts, he takes me back in and says "I'm a perfectionist when it comes to contact lenses and I think I can get them even better".
I have never had an eye doctor care that much and as a photographer, my vision is everything.
I see what people are saying about the front desk staff, but those people aren't important - it's all about how well you see and how good the doctor is!

My big complaint... OMG!
The benches outside the office which is in Costco are ridiculously uncomfortable!
The exam and paperwork were fine and I liked the doc.
They didn't accept VSP but made sure I had the paperwork necessary when I left to make a claim.
The best part was walking outside and being able to get really affordable glasses at costco.
(which does accept VSP)    Between $85 exam and cost of glasses it was probably half of what I paid last time in regular doc office.

