I'm happy to see Nothing Bundt Cakes has a presence in the Arcadia area.
The store is neat and clean with a number of cute items on display.
My concern would be their hours of operation.
Weekday-working people tend to be weekend errand-running warriors.
I hope they consider staying open beyond 4:00 pm on Sundays so that busy people trying to earn money weekdays can spend some of it on the weekends on NBC.

Let me give you a review based upon my experience and not my hypothetical expectations of one who hasnt even set foot inside.
I didnt come here to get dessert, but once my party saw this place we decided to give it a go.
The personnel was very nice and helpful.
When we asked for cupcakes, the woman behind the counter pleasantly said that they dont use the C-word but that they have these bundtlettes or what not.
Ended up getting dessert for that evening, and what a pleasant surprise it was.
These bund cakes was super good and I have never been a fan of that type of cake - now, I must say that I am.
Great service, good prices and an extraordinary quality product.
I give it a 4 due to limitations in selection, but that is more a indication of how spoiled I have become thinking I should be able to get whatever I want, whenever I want it.

The owner of this location is very nice, the cakes are delish!
The cakes are fun and come in so many flavors and different sizes they have something for everyone.
A+ in my book!
Just confused about Shirley S thinking the store only being open until 4pm on Sunday isnt satisfactory for Monday through Friday working folks to get cake.
:/   The hours seem fine to me!
Carry on and let the Bundting begin!

This place is ree-diculous, and I mean that in a good way.
A month or so ago, I pulled into the parking lot to go to Milagro Grill and spotted Nothing Bundt Cakes.
I said very loudly, "Oh my god!
" To which my daughter replied, what's wrong mommy?
I told her I saw my favorite place in the world for sweets.
And that is not an understatement.
I first tried this place in north Scottsdale and the Arcadia location has the same great quality.
Moist cakes with a variety of flavors and sizes.
I especially like the samples they have at the front.
Just the other day, I tried an awesome cinnamon swirl sample.
Delicious.
On a recent evening, we had dinner at Milagro and went here to get me some dessert.
On the exact minute they were closed, we were at the door.
I almost had a heart attack that I was here and couldn't get my fix.
The employees didn't hesitate to let us in which was so cool.
My husband picked up a red velvet cake ($19 serves 8-10 ppl) and it was hit.
The red velvet is my favorite with the cream cheese frosting and chocolate chips in the batter.
I typically get the bundlet which is about $4.
I pretty much need to stay away from this area because otherwise I will pig out on their delicious goodies.....

As cake goes, yes, these people know how to make cakes and we keep going back, which is probably going to put me in the hospital.
I don't know the story of the founder, owner or people doing the work back there--the bakers.
But the product is solid.
Felt like creamed butter--or at least lots and lots of butter.
The right amount of sugar.
You choose different cake recipes, but the frosting is the same (and good).
I won't bother going to other cake places.
Everything here fits the bill.
Solid bundt cakes.
And they make little ones for pregnant spouses (which, yes, I've made a run for).
Worth the extra dollar, by the way.
You want to be "that guy," who shows up with the Safeway baked goods?
Don't do that.

I was ordering my husband a birthday cake online, and hadn't even realized Nothing Bundt Cakes opened this location.
Much more convenient for me!
Wait, that's probably a bad thing.
The cake was fabulous as usual.
I ordered extra petals of icing and that was probably overkill.
But how I love that cream cheese icing.
The cake lasted several days in the fridge, and that was with me home alone all day...just me and that cake.
That's impressive any way you look at it.

Love these bundtletts!
They are just the perfect individual size.
Groupon was having a $10 for $20 special.
I ended up getting 5 different bundtletts to try out the flavors.
Yummy cakes - definitely recommend over cupcakes.
And cheaper too!

This place is sooooo good!
How have I never known about it?
It is real good- way better than most of the cupcake places that are popping up everywhere.
You can taste the quality ingredients.
The cakes are so moist!

So, I called the place to reserve a birthday cake.
I did it well in advance and I am sure I dialed the right number too.
When I showed up they didn't have it.
I was shocked and a little angered that they lost my order - but when all came about I had made my order to another store location, and instead they just canceled that one and whipped up a cake on the spot, the one I wanted, how I wanted it and didn't charge me anything extra.
For that I am very pleased.
They acted and handled this situation like pros.
The negative is that I know I called this location, and I must just assume that the number is forwarded if they don't pickup.
The people in the store said this is not the case, and I could be wrong - but I doubt it.
The smaller bundt cakes (size of a big burger) are awesome!
When it becomes bigger like birthday cake big, the cake losses its awesomeness.
It's still good, but not like the smaller ones.
That just a tip!

Amazing amazing tasty cakes.
The lemon is the only one that I've had, its my favorite treat.
There is just enough icing to make it sweet but it's not overpowering which I always have an issue with that any other place I get cupcakes.
Just ordered a dozen of the little cupcakes for a work party and they were an instant hit.
Would love for them to open more locations!

First time trying them out.
Sample of the cake was amazing.
Wish I could say the same about the girl working the counter.
Acted like she had more important things to do.
Felt like she couldn't wait to get me out the door to get back to whatever she was doing before I walked in.
Thank God the cakes are amazing!
Ill go back but probably to another location.

Turtle is the Flavor of the month for January.
"So delicious".
Moist Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Chips, Pecan pieces,  heavily swirled with Cream Cheese style icing sitting in a small  amount of Caramel.
So good, I checked in  2 Saturdays in a row buying two Bundtlets each visit.
My only wish would be the Bundlet sitting in more of a Caramel Pool.

I didn't have an opportunity to try a full sized cake but the red velvet bundlett was divine...super moist and not overly sweet.
I love the fact that you can buy these mini-sized cakes - they're still shareable and reasonably priced $4 - $5.
Service was friendly and the store is super cute and clean.
Since I want to be able to fit into my clothing, I can't stop in too often when visiting Phoenix but I will make it a point to come back to try more flavors.

I absolutely love this place!
The cakes are so moist and fresh!
My favorite is the white chocolate raspberry and the cinnamon one.
Perfect for any occasion.

I saw this place in/near San Diego and didn't get a chance to go and while on vacation I saw it here, didn't realize it was a franchise.
I ordered 2 different bundts and both where great even the next day.
I  would definitely buy some more.

OH MY!!!
I LOVE NOTHING BUNDT CAKES AND THEIR AMAZING CARROT, RED VELVET, ALMOND POPPYSEED, PECAN PRALINE CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE CHIP AND ALL OTHERS!!
This is by far my favorite location for these Baked bundles of Joy too!!
After having a few sour encounters at their Scottsdale and Frank Lloyd Wright location.
I decided it was time to change locations and this one is not only closer, but much nicer.
The service here is great each and every time.
All of the young girls that have helped me here have been super nice!!
:)  I love this spot and always order online or by phone to guarantee the cakes and also sometimes just stop by for a tiny Bundlet!!

Crappy Customer Service with a Groupon.
The lady in front of me had ordered cupcakes and  still had some left.
When she realized she had more left , the snotty teenager told her no, she had already rung it up and redeemed the coupon.
She won't not budge and just let her get the 4 dollars more of stuff.
The lady was understandably pissed.
These places need to train staff better if they are going to be using Groupons as a marketing tool.
And look for employees with better math skills and personalities

