Woot Woot!
A new Caps opened in Phoenix and guess what they are Great!
Spectacular!
Fantastic!
I got the Chicken Cheese steak and it was deli-sh.
The Bobbie is my go to but I wanted something hot tonight.
This location is across the street from the Sunbrite Corner shops.
As with most Capriotti's stores there are the Sandwiches, Salads, fresh baked goods, chips and unlimited soda refills.There are a few parking spots in the front and many more in the back pretty soon their on-line ordering system will be up.
In the meantime enjoy this new Capriotti's location.
Almost forgot they service Beer and wine at this location.

I was driving around, looking for a place to eat lunch after a long hike, and was excited to see a sign for Capriotti's, claiming it was voted the "best sandwiches in America".
I ordered an Italian Sausage (hot sandwich).
I was a little confused when I unwrapped it and saw just sliced Italian sausage on a bun.
That was it.
I started wondering if I had missed a crucial part of the ordering process (was there a list of toppings I was supposed to choose from?).
Who knows.
The sandwich was OK, but didn't live up to my expectation of "best sandwich in America".
Despite my disappointment, I will likely give them another chance.
Service was friendly and the cookie was the best part of the meal.

Was craving pastrami, yum!!!
Will definitely be back, to get my sandwich fix...Service was great, parking in back was good.
Just wish they were there when I used to live in the neighborhood...

I had lunch here today and was looking forward to it with all the awards they have received.
In my opinion the sandwich I had way to much cole slaw, you cannot even taste the meat.
If I were to go back and would say light on e cole slaw

Not great, but not bad, either.
Big kudos for being a sandwich shop with some vegetarian options.
I had the veggie steak sandwich with peppers and onions, and it wasn't bad.
Sandwiches are not as good as That's a Wrap, but then it's a chain, so I didn't expect the same level of care.
Prices are a bit high for sandwiches.
For a couple bucks more I could go to the Vig next door, and actually eat cheaper at the Vig for happy hour.
The bagel shop that's attached is also 3-star.
Three bagel shops in a three-mile radius now.

Very disappointed with service!!!
I've been in there a couple of times, love the food, but the little jerks they hired are horrible.
Brad to be exact, was more interested in trying to sell me every desert then getting my order right.
I would to love support Capriotti's Phoenix but not if i'm going to spend my hard earned money on something i didnt order and bad service!

My office is right around the corner so you can imagine when a sign was posted that the best sandwich in America was coming to town I was thrilled.
Parking sucked, but the sandwich was fantastic.
I had the Bobbie and I liked it so much I told two people.
I'm eager to try some of their other sandwiches that didn't make the best list and see how they stack up to my regular spot.
Over all I was thoroughly impressed with the food and the atmosphere was pretty nice for your run of the mill sandwich spot.
Next time I'll remember to walk.

I feel like Will Ferrell in Elf on seeing the sign for World's Best Cup of Coffee: "You did it!
Congratulations!
World's best cup of coffee!
Great job, everybody!
"  And really, the Voted Best Sandwich in America sign is just like that.
It wasn't busy, but the girl at the counter seemed to be struggling.
I overheard someone ask her what goes in a salad and her answer was "I don't know, salads aren't my thing.
" Then I watched her incorrectly ring up the man in front of me, who politely pointed out she was overcharging him.
Eek.
I got the turkey sub, which isn't your typical deli sliced turkey, but more like the stuff you have after Thanksgiving.
I like it in concept, but it had a funny sweet flavor that wasn't working for me.
The toppings on the sub were nothing special, and overall my sandwich didn't have much filling or flavor.
I was eating at home, so I dressed it up myself.
The two stars come from the shop being tidy and the speedy service.

There were a few sandwiches on the menu that looked appetizing, but I went with the small cheese steak sandwich.
Good choice - quality meat and tasty cheese and onions, on a delicious roll.
The bread could have been a bit warmer - I love fresh-baked bread - but it was pretty fresh.
I've heard the Bobbie is supposed to be amazing - Thanksgiving in a sandwich.
I'll try that next time.

Meh -   I've been to this location twice.
Each time it was sort of disappointing...
I live in Ahwatukee and that location ROCKS so maybe they could learn from them??
I called ahead and placed my order so I wouldn't have to wait.
When I arrived, there was a line so I walked up to the side of the counter where people picked up their order.
I said I'd called it and needed to pick it up, but I was directed to wait in line anyway.
Kind of disappointing since I'd called ahead.
I expected a call-in pick up line like most other places.
After waiting patiently in line, I picked up my order and ran back to the office.
As I ate my sandwich, I couldn't help be disappointed.
This was not anything like the ones I was used to getting in Ahwatukee.
I ordered my usual, the chicken cheese steak w/grilled mushrooms and onions, sweet peppers on the sandwich and hot peppers on the side.
They'd forgotten the hot peppers, not that big of a deal, but there was hardly any mushroom, onion or sweet peppers either.
The cheese was skimpy and the meat was dry and overdone.
What a bummer!
The other time I'd visited this location was not as bad as this - but still not as good at the Ahwatukee location.
There they are always consistent with great food and service.
This location does have a connecting bagel shop that has 6 different kinds of iced tea.
This was the saving grace of the meal - but now I am forced to sit at my desk and look at the trademarked slogan on the cup "Extraordinary Food for those unwilling to settle!
"  Unfortunately today's meal was even less than ordinary...

Pretty decent sandwich shop!
The staff is always friendly as well.

That Cheesesteak sandwich is a titillating party in your mouth.

I was told this place was very good, and so I already had high expectations coming in.
Boy, it wasn't as good as I hoped and thought it would be.
I ordered an italian with hot peppers.
Don't get me wrong, it was good.
It just wasn't "great".
The sandwhich had a lot of peppes.
Very hot.
But that's the way I like it.
Also, it was way overpriced.
I also tried their turkey sandwhich.
It was alright.
A lot of bread.
Everything is purchased seperatley.
Chips, drinks,e tc.
No "meals".
The people were friendly.
I'd rather go to Potbelly Sandwhich.

The sandwiches are OK but the service is atrocious.
It is right down the street from my house so I have been in several time.
I like the vegetarian cheese burger but I don't eat cheese so I ask for it without the cheese.
Each time I have ordered it that way I have gotten a funny look.
Today, same funny look from the arrogant young server but what is new now is she says with disdain they do not serve a 12' veggie.
Funny you say that I have ordered it several times and it says on the menu they have all sizes but  the small comes on a kaiser role.
When I explain this she shrugs her shoulder and says she cannot order me a 12'.
Worst of all the server I ordered the same sandwich from the last time, just stares at me like oh well, we do have that but I am not going to say anything.
I walked out.
This is making sandwiches folks....it's not that hard.
This is a GREAT neighborhood and I will be at a block party tonight discussing my experience with my neighbors.
Capriotti's corporate, if you want this place to make it, you better tell the manager (who is no better than his staff) to change his attitude or your sandwich shop will be back to a convenience store in no time.

Good sandwich shop and very friendly.....but good not great.
For sure going back to try some other sandwiches but it's not going to be something I crave because it was soooo phenomenal.

Ordered two sandwiches to go.
The food was freshly prepared, the bread was good.
It wasn't quite as amazing as I remembered the Las Vegas location; but it was good and a smidgen closer.
:-)

WOW!
We both had great tasting sandwiches and the service is fast and friendly!
Check them out!

Well meaning staff could not make up for the chewy, lifeless and overpriced sandwiches.
Even the soda fountain was mediocre, with many of the concentrates either out or low.
My requests for replacements with met with indifference.
Other than that everything was great!

Capriotti's is my go to place when I am hungry and don't have time to leave the office for lunch, I love that I can order online and in about 15-20 minutes lunch has arrived!
I used to order from Jimmy John's all the time, but they have lost my business to the new kid on the block.
Jimmy John's is so skimpy with their meat, but Capriotti's loads up their sandwiches for a filling lunch.
The Bobbie with pulled turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mayo is so good, or if I am in a red meat kind of mood, they make a good cheesesteak, not traditional, but still tasty.
Another reason I have moved on from JJ's is that you can only get their brand of chips, which are not that great, and Cap's has most of the standards...I just wish they would carry Cheetos and then they would really be perfect!

Having already had lunch & just out running regular errands this afternoon i came up to a big billboard that said, "Voted Greatest Sandwich in America - Turn here!
"  After thinking about this ostentatious command for about a block I whipped a U just to go for a look.
I'd never heard of this place or noticed it before but these people certainly aren't lacking confidence!
Posted inside was an easy to read & understand menu.
Their sandwiches come in 6", 12" & 20" sizes and the Capastrami 12" Sub sounded so good from the ingredients that I decided to go ahead & try one.
It comes with hot Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Swiss Cheese and Russian Dressing on some kind of terrific roll.
Soon my sandwich, completely & tightly wrapped up was ready.
I was already impressed by how big & heavy it was when I picked it up from the counter!
Back at my table, I had to see if this huge thing was anywhere near as good as they suggested on the billboard.
OMG, this was not just the best sandwich I've ever had, it might have been the best ANYTHING I've ever eaten!
It was just absolutely, positively 5 Stars out-of-this-world AMAZING, & the service was great too!
:-))     :-))  World's best ANYTHING:  $8.99.
Grab your keys!

Got the chopped Italian,  it's alright.
I'll try a sandwich next time.
I would give it another go though.

OMG!
My sandwich was huge (9" is the smallest you can get and I suspect it was bigger than advertised.
I got the firecracker turkey and it sure was fiery!
The turkey is real turkey too!
Not processed stuff... in fact, I came across 2 slivers of turkey bone while eating my sandwich -- so be careful!
Despite the bones, it WAS delicious.
I need to find a lunch buddy to split with in the future, so I don't gorge myself on the whole thing in one sitting, like I did today!

My husband and I went to try it out after driving by for weeks.
They claim that it was voted the best sandwich in America.
We don't know who voted but we suspected it was the staff because I can't imagine that anyone who had been to Chicago or New York or even to Quizno's would say that.
We had the Bobbie and the Capastrami at the suggestion of the girl at the register.
She said they were their most popular.
Neither were what we would call a great sandwich much less the best.
Both sandwiches relied too much mayonnaise to give them some semblance of flavor.
The Bobbie was basically Thanksgiving leftovers on a bun and not that great a bun.
The cranberry sauce tasted like it was canned.
The stuffing couldn't even compete with Stauffer's.
It was boring.
The Capastrami was a bit better but only a bit.
It would have been better if they had better bread.
The swiss cheese wasn't strong like a good swiss but tasted like the presliced cheese in the packages hanging on the rack in the grocery store.
The pastrami was mild, once again no better than what you'd get at the grocery store.
The cole slaw was unremarkable and again - too much mayo.
With outstanding sandwiches like those from Bertha's Cafe and Cheese 'N Stuff in Central Phoenix, don't waste your time or money on this place.

I always get the Italian sub hot so I cannot comment on any of the other subs but my buddy from The Bronx swears by all their sandwiches.

My first time going here I wasn't expecting much but it ended up being very good.
The sub I ordered was HUGE!
It was extremely filling.
I thought there was no way I could finish it but it was to good to put down.
There's alot of room for parking in the back which was nice and there's a little bagel shop next door.

all sandwiches are great and so is the staff, and the place is very clean, buy a deal  on double takes.
THE BEST SANDWICHES.

One step up from Subway and much better than Jimmy John's if you're looking for a good warm sandwich, this is the place.
Of course, I went during lunch rush hour and probably would have had much quicker service had I chosen another time.
However, given the fact that they were slammed - MY ORDER WAS PERFECT.
I went for the Cheesesteak and was very pleased with the sandwich.
Regular size is 9 inches which is good for one person.
The meat was good and the cheese was perfect - usually you get poor quality meat and too much cheese or the wrong kind of cheese.
I added mushrooms and onions, which in my opinion, should come standard on a Cheesesteak, but didn't.
I also had a side of hot peppers which really topped off the sandwich well.
There's nothing bad I can say about this place other than they're just a smidge pricey for what you get - but definitely not to the point to where I won't return and try a different sandwich.
Don't have too high of expectations and you'll be well satisfied.
It's a sandwich shop - NOT a gourmet restaurant.

Medium cheesesteak with everything sweet.
Excellent flavor, great portion size, friendly service.
Food could be just a little warmer.
Really enjoy the cheesesteak, as a Philadelphia boy!

My sandwich was bad.
So bad, that I wonder if they screwed it up.
It was just a simple turkey sandwich.
It was extremely dry and not tasty at all.
What was supposed to make this taste like America's best sandwich?
The bread wasn't that good either.
Will never go back.

Excellent sandwiches here!
They always make my order exactly how I want it!
However, I never eat inside the restaurant.
The inside isn't very nice looking nor are the seats comfortable.
If you're getting something to eat, get it to go.
Last time I was there it took about 20 minutes to make my sandwhich.
There was no one there besides me.
They had someone being trained at the time and he was preparing my sandwhich.
I informed them that I was in a rush (flight to catch) and they apologized but kept the same, slow pace.
Very frustrating.
Good food, so-so experience.

4.6/5 Excellent sandwich, got the Italian and was very impressed by the quality of the meat they used.
Come hungry, the 12 inch here is a lot more food than the 12 inch at subway.
Says voted best sandwich in America, definitely a contender.

Got a Cole Turkey and the Bobbie, because they roast their own turkeys in house, and The turkey meat itself was pretty good - the problem is that they drenched the turkey in so much mayo and Russian dressing and then the coleslaw had a lot of mayo in it, I had to pull out just the meat and actually dry the meat off  The amount of fat in the mayo, russian dressing, and coleslaw was insane I could feel my heart slowing looking at it,.
after a couple paper towels of wipe down - there was very little actual meat on the sandwich (a medium) and it was mainly bread and sauce   The bread was nothing special - this turned out to be highly disappointing, they certainly are not the best sandwich shop on the block much less the country  The Bobbie was also drenched in mayo but less so, and that one had more meat was better put together and the Mrs liked it  The cookies were just ok to me however the Mrs enjoyed the sugar one quite a bit   Unlikely we will be back, if we ever do we will certainly ask for all sauces on the side  It is a shame because they have good quality turkey meat pulled from a real turkey and hide it with bad bread and sauces, sometimes less is more

Id give you three stars, but I tried you guys again this week and the same things happen.
The food quality here for a good sub is fantastic.
However, the staff can never seem to get an order correct.
There is always something I didn't ask for, or specifically asked to not be on my sub.
I've also waited over 15-20 minutes on a slow day for a hot sandwich.
I even tried ordering online once and it told me it would take over 90 minutes so I called and cancelled.
I really want this place to get better, because we need an amazing sub shop!!!
Their selection of teas rocks and the bagel place is delicious next door for early birds :)

Great sandwiches and friendly service!
The Capistrami and cheesesteak are my 2 favorites but all the sandwiches are great here.
Sign up for the text message deals-you'll be happy you did.
Forget subway- capriottis is worth the few extra bucks for fresh quality ingredients that you can taste in every bite!

Yummy addition to our neighborhood.
An upscale sandwich shop was badly needed.
I had the Bobbie, their most popular sammy.
Love the cranberry sauce and stuffing!!
Just like you'd make at home.
Don't miss it!

Capriotti's is a stand-out sandwich shop -- I try to get there at least once a week.
My favorites are the Capistrami and the Cole Turkey.
The ingredients are always fresh and the sandwiches are consistently made (you can always ask for less mayo, russian dressing and/or coleslaw on the sandwich, if you wish).
While it may be a little pricier than some other sandwich places, it is well worth it (as they say, you get what you pay for).
The staff is always friendly (and typically remember regular patrons) and flat screen televisions are throughout the establishment.
As an iced tea drinker, I appreciate the fact that China Mist teas are available at Everything Bagels (which literally is attached to Capriotti's and is a fine bagel shop in its own right).
Finally, you definitely should sign up for Capriotti's text message deals -- they are sent out quite often and offer good deals.

We love Capriotti's!
I think my husband would eat here every day if he could.
The subs are huge and are filled with lots of good ingredients.
Try the italian sausage sandwich, phili cheese steak, and meatball.
We also joined the text club to get things like free upgrades and cookies.

Capriottis's You haven't had a sandwich until you have a Capriottis  Capriotti's Sandwich Shop is definitely the place to go for a good bite to eat.
I would recommend Capriottis to anyone who is searching for something beyond "Just a Sandwich Shop".
Capriottis is very clean and warmly decorate.
The Staff is knowledgeable and very friendly.
On my first visit to Capriottis I had the "Bobbie" which is one of Capriottis signature sandwiches and for good reason.
The Bobbie is stuffed full of homemade turkey (that's right, homemade roasted turkey, not processed deli meat), cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo.
The 'Bobbie" sandwich was amazing to say the least.
If turkey isn't for you Capriotti's offers a variety of traditional deli sandwiches, cheese-steaks, as well as specialty sandwiches.
I plan on trying the cheese steak on my next visit.
The service at Capriottis is always fast & friendly.
The atmosphere reminds me of that of a small-town deli sandwich shop and the food is always consistent and great.
I could keep writing everything I enjoyed but I think I have given you enough to try Capriotti's for yourself!
Who knows maybe I will see you there!

I came I saw I got the pastrami and it torn it up!
Love this place

These sandwiches are great!
Yummy!
Love the Bobby!

This place is by far my FAVORITE sandwich shop!!
My husband and I saw the billboard for it and we are always looking for new places to try out.
We stopped in for our first visit and ate there, other two visits we ordered online and just picked it up.
Super easy and our orders are usually ready for pick up in 10 - 15 mins after submitting our order.
The inside is pretty small and the chairs are uncomfortable, but its not intended for long stays anyways, its a sub shop.
I had the slawbejoe and my husband had the cheesesteak.
I am very picky about my slaw so I was a little nervous ordering this, but it is so good that we have gone back three different times now with the intention of trying different items and I keep getting the slawbejoe!
The slaw was perfect (in my book!
) it was juicy, sweet and tangy, fresh and crispy.
The meat was tender and fresh as well.
Bread...FRESH!!
My husband thought his cheesesteak was just o.k.
(granted he asked for no mushrooms and no peppers, that my friend's is no cheesesteak!
;)  lol).
The second time around he ordered the Italian and talked about how awesome it was the whole time eating it, so did my sister in law.
I plan on trying the Bobbie next time around...if I can talk myself out of the slawbejoe!
I love the sandwiches!!
If you haven't been to Capriotti's, get your butt in there and eat a sub!

Staff was friendly but the sandwhich was just horrible.
The meat was soggy and had a texture that was so unappealing.
I am pretty sure I enjoyed the same sandwich in Vegas but boy was it different here.
Staff gets 4 stars and food gets a half for a two star review.

Wish i could put a big fat zero .
Stood in line for 15 mins to place an order for two italian subs and they have NO FREAKIN ITALIAN MEAT.
Its a wed for god sake.
How can you not have supplies.
Not doing that ever again.
Went across the street to Niccolis, they have better Italian anyway!!
Please ho somewhere else.

Love this place!
Great food, friendly staff.
Comfortable atmosphere inside and large patio outside.
Ordered the Capistrami, my "go to" favorite.
The Italian and Bobbie are close seconds.
Great food , great staff, clean, comfortable dining area with 3 TV's with ESPN and CNN always playing.
Seriously, what more could you ask for?

Beer, football and an awesome sandwich.
Sounds like this is heaven for a bunch of men that I know.
The interior is like half Subway and half sports bar.
I've only had the veggie sub sandwiches...the veggie cole turkey is one of my favorite sub sandwiches ever, but ask for no mayo on it or the mayo in the cole slaw and the mayo and Russian dressing they put on it will over-mayo the sandwich.
I thought for awhile that the Bobbie could be made veggie, but technically, the stuffing is made with a meat broth, so nope.
I suppose you could get it without the stuffing...cuz who doesn't love cranberry sauce on their fake turkey?
It's definitely worth a try.
Yum!
The veggie steak and cheese is good too if you're in the mood for a warm sub...definitely add the peppers to it to make the chewyness of the fake meat fade into the chewyness of the peppers.
It helps, trust me.
Overall, these are great subs.
If I want a sub sandwich, I come here.
There's nowhere else that has good veggie meat options like these!

Great food, great, friendly staff.
My NEW favorite?
The 12" cheesesteak with mushrooms, onions, hot peppers and sweet peppers, with a little mayo.
(loaded as they say!).
The bread could be a little better, but the cheesesteak more than makes up for it.
I'll be back this weekend for sure!

Great subs!
I mean amazing and they are huge and full of fresh ingredients!
I love the Italian.
The only reason it gets 4 stars is the service.
Very, very slow even on a slow day.

