This Wells Fargo Bank is located at the corner of Thomas and 44th St, which is a very busy intersection, not making it the easiest to enter.
The building was renovated a few years ago and now has a very modern looking exterior.
There is one drive though ATM, one on the side of the building and one inside.
This Wells Fargo is very large, but is almost always busy.

Not a Wells Fargo Bank customer, but just want to use their ATM to see how much time I would spend getting my money.
I was fairly impressed.
In and out of the bank in under 5 minutes.

Let my rant begin, this exact location is the reason I have had countless issues direct deposit, setting back my college courses and a overdrawn account with 1 fee after the next.
I came in a hurry needed to get a money order, informing the agent I was in a hurry.
He then proceeded to try and upgrade me to a new account that gets free money orders.
I again stayed I was in a hurry and didnt have time, he told me "oh no takes 2 seconds and nothing in your account with change, you'll just receive a new card..." I asked, "are you sure nothing with change?
Its a new card" "Nope, nothing at all" Okay.
Fine.
If it was getting him to back down and save me 3 dollars okay..... sign here and here and I'm on my merry way.
Well a week later, the account it goes negative for my phone bill.... What?
I thought it was the same... call wells fargo, and its new account number new card and all my automatic bill pays are in the negative.
Okay, this is fixable.
Next week, its pay day!
WOOOOHOOO.
You think, my direct deposit was not excepted because the account changed.... really?
So I call the branch and as to speak with the manager, I tell her my issue, her response, "Oh well I'm sorry, I can't do anything for you.
I can just talk to the agent but you'll have to call customer service"..... whauuuut?
So of course I call get all fees removed and direct deposit taken care of..... a month later, I cant begin classes because my FA was directed to the closed account.... Total college girl, as any student knows "i be broke" (in schooling costs) It has been 1 issue after the next...
I am 4 months in and still calling Wells Fargo to get the accounts fixed and everything moved over.
Not to mention I am starting classes 2 months late...
I will never return to this branch and risk another 4 months of calls to Wells Fargo.

Have never been accosted at the door by an over-eager banker (?
) before, trying to"introduce me to me wells fargo services".
Personal bubble dude!
Inconvenient location, very cramped and busy parking lot.
I've been a wells customer for over 10 years, and I can tell you, I would have taken my money and run years ago if they were all like this one.

