Great new shop in town.
Friendly service.
Both guys give an excellent haircut and the price is very reasonable.
I used to drive 1/2 hr to get my haircut from both guys at Floyd's in Chandler, now its 10 minutes from home.
Place is fresh, clean and polite.

An excellent example of a small business being successful without unnecessary frills.
Both of the fellas there are extremely friendly and are great conversationalists / sports enthusiasts.
Of course, the haircut rocked and was very reasonably priced.
They were also friendly and engaging to my 8 year old son who was waiting for me.
This is going to be our father-son haircut place.
Two Guys flat out rocks.

The guys are awesome.
Love the atmosphere and time they took with me.
They found a new repeat customer!

This place is what a real barber shop is all about.
Both barbers do a excellent job and are super nice guys.
Price is right and top notch service!

Good barbers, very good with my two boys as well, support local business!

Great shop.
I have bounced around barbers in the east valley for a long time and could never quite find the right place for a flattop, but this is the place.
Great service and great place.
I just hope these guys keep going for a long time!

After having lived in Southeast Gilbert for two years and there not being any real barbershops in the area an article on the Art of Manliness website titled Rediscovering the Barbershop spurred me to seek out a barbershop like I went to as a child with my grandfather, after a quick Google search and reading the other reviews on Yelp I knew I needed to head to Two Guys.
Two guys is the quintessential mans barbershop and the haircut I received was fantastic and is exactly  what I had been searching for.
I will be frequenting this establishment from now on and won't be returning to any of those chain salons ever again!

Stopped there today with my son.
Great place to go, the barbers are friendly and skilled.
It's sometimes hard to find a good barber these days, Two Guys doesn't disappoint.
They've got a chess table, a checkers table, and sports on the TV.
They even use a straight razor to clean you up.
Highly recommended, I'll be back.

Finally!
A friendly, clean barber shop in the east valley that knows their trade.
I asked for a high and tight and that's exactly what i got.

Two Guys is bringing life back to a dying art.
Clean, fresh, quality hair cuts are what they do.
I have been a few times now and have never been disappointed and expect I never will be.
If you're tired of chain haircut stores not giving you what you want, then come here.
Great atmosphere and great guys working there.
Only downside right now is the construction nearby.
Use Recker Road to get there.
Little out of the way, but well worth it.

This place is awesome!
2 REAL barbers that are awesome at what they do.
So glad I found them as they are so close to the house.

Ed and Ray are great!
Fantastic service, atmosphere, and haircut.
Been going there since they opened and will go there as long as they stay.

True professionals and a very reasonable price!
I definitely got my moneys worth at Two Guys!
Its location is perfect for students going to ASU Poly as it is less than a 5 minute drive away from campus

I have been looking for a barber shop on this side of town that delivered the same quality haircuts I was looking for after being spoiled by Richard D's in Phoenix for so many years.
This place was it.
Clean, sharp haircuts for me and my son every time.
The price is right where it should be, and the service is great.
If you are in the area, I would recommend avoiding the chains and head into Two Guys.
They do an excellent job.

Excellent place.
These guys are great and do a fantastic job cutting hair.
Place is clean and roomy.
Prices are good too.
Will be my regular barber shop now

Good haircuts from good guys.
They have three chairs here, each manned by skilled and experienced barbers.
You can get the haircut that you're seeking from these craftsmen.
They are leaps and bounds better than the chain haircutting places and the price is reasonable.
They're closed two days a week (Sunday and Monday).
I sometimes forget which days they're closed and have to check if they're open before heading out for a haircut.
That's my minor gripe, but everybody deserves a couple days off a week!

Two guys barber shop!!
the place to get a hair cut always do a great job with a great atmosphere.
All barbers are seasoned professionals that do that old timely straight razor shave that most men are looking for.
With most hair cuts being 14-16 bucks they are more then competitive in price.
So get in there and ask for Tony he always does a great job!!

Best barber shop in the east valley!
I used to go to Sportclips and pay $20 for a bad haircut, but then thankfully I found Two Guys and they only charge $14 for a great haircut!
Now I use the extra $6 I would be paying anywhere else for the barbers tip.
I recommend this place to all of my friends, simple and has blue chip quality, if I could give more than 5 stars I would.

This place is that perfect "Old school" feel barbershop.
It reminds me of the places I went when I was a kid.
No appointment required, just walk in and  remembering the faces that are already sitting because that's who you're after to get a haircut.
Its not some young twenty your old right out of beauty school that when you say you want a fade their face turns white.
The guys are friendly and make you feel right at home.
For only a buck more then Great Clips you get to support your local small business.
Although I only have one check in here this is my 3rd stop here, and I'm always leaving with exactly what I asked.

Hands down one of the best all around haircuts I've received in a long time,  just moving into the area it makes me happy to find a good all around barbershop!

Took my 4 and 2 year old boys to get haircuts here.
We're new to Arizona and didn't know anyone for a referral, so I was very worried to show up and see nothing posted regarding children's haircuts.
I've only had enough guts to take them to Cartoon Cuts or to barbers that had "kid friendly" splashed all over their front door.
These guys were great and they got the best haircuts ever!
And they were sweet and understanding with wriggly nervous kids, who were not exactly down with clippers.
I was there midday on a Thursday and there was a steady flow of repeat customers coming in to get a haircut and a shave too, which is a good sign to me.

I have been looking for a barber shop on my side of town for over a year now.
I have had to travel to north phoenix (60 miles ) to get a quality hair cut and good service.
I FINALLY found a GREAT barber shop in my neighborhood.
This place had a an old world "Mayberry" feel to it that takes you back to an age in America when all was right in the world!!
Greeting with a warm smile and a "come on in" attitude make this shop a pleasure to wait in.
Beautiful sprawling hardwood floors cover the whole shop and makes me think that if I had the right secret handshake or code word they might offer me into the speak easy in the basement!!!
And my hair has never looked better!
Great cut and service!!!
I'm happy that I finally found a locally owned barber shop that fits me!

Not to criticize the quality of haircuts, but instead, this barber shop's health practices.
During an early afternoon visit on a busy Saturday, the hair accumulation deposited around each barber station was so thick the floor was barely visible.
I can understand each barber wanting to get to the next customer as quickly as possible, but a quick sweep should not take much time.
In addition, none of the barbers were observed to have washed their hands between customers, in violation of the following licensing provisions:  AZ TITLE 4.
PROFESSIONS AND OCCUPATIONS CHAPTER 10.
BOARD OF COSMETOLOGY R4-10-112, Infection Control and Safety Standards:  H.  Personal cleanliness.
A licensee or student shall thoroughly wash his or her hands with soap and warm water or any equally effective cleansing agent immediately before providing services to each client, before checking a student's work on a client, or after smoking, eating, or using the restroom; R.  Cleanliness and repair of the establishment shall be maintained according to the following guidelines.
After each client, hair and nail clippings shall immediately be discarded; 6.
Waste or refuse shall be removed timely so there is no accumulation.

Quick service, professional, and a job well done.
Being 20-30 years old and particular about who cuts my hair (as a rule I don't go anywhere with the words: cut, hair, sport,etc in the name), I was hesitant to trust the highly rated yelp reviews.
This time my expectations were surpassed and I would return on a regular basis.
The barbers working, three chipper gents, had personality, experience, and most importantly a stake in the business.
At least one of them there was an owner.
Price was $16 for a men's haircut.
This did not include a wash, which you could get for $5.
Also available was a hot shave for $25.
Fair prices may be an understatement, I would pay $18 and be happy, $20 and think about whether or not it was worth it, but still get my cut.
My suggestion for a cut at $16, bring a crisp $20 and leave the gratuity.
These guys will deserve it.

Was there yesterday.
Had a great conversation with the barber about 60s musicians.
Great atmosphere and very personable people.
I'll definitely be back again.
5 stars all the way

Was a loyal customer until a friend went in right after me and overheard the guys talking about the "queer" who comes into their shop.
They also stopped giving me military discount after this incident.
This was brought up when I was talking to one of the barbers about AZ SB 1062.
He indicated that he thought it should be legal for a business to kick out people based on their sexuality, religion or other reasons.
Haircuts are good, not the best.
When asking for skin the barbers wont go closer than a zero on the sides.
I will never go back to this place full of closed-minded pundits.

