Had to go visit this place for an injury I had to my eye.
Turns out I scratched my cornea (OUCH!
) and I was absolutely miserable.
This place was fantastic!
They girl at the counter was very helpful, knew I was in a lot of pain and helped with all the paperwork and such.
I was seen by the doctor almost immediately.
Dr. Emil Slovak was just awesome!
SUper friendly and kind and gentle.
And the nurses were superb too.
In and out in less than an hour.
And VERY affordable!
Thank you guys so much!
Highly recommend these guys!

Started taking all three of my children here.
Dr. Zamani is AMAZING!
This man is wonderful with children, and definitely took the time to answer all of our questions.
We've also seen Dr. Williams-Vaughn and found her to be witty, and engaging.
Both Doctors are easy to talk to, clearly care about their patients, and took the time to make me feel comfortable as a mom.
We haven't had to wait long any of the times we've been in, the front office staff is always cheerful, and the ladies in the back are sweet and gentle with kids too.
They are awesome about calling in prescriptions for us as well, and even got me a referral for a surgeon today in less than 6 hours.
Please keep up the amazing work, it's so nice to finally have found a place we can trust!

This place is a total nightmare!
I went in for routine follow up bloodwork.
They make you make an appointment, wait for way over an hour, pay a copay, get your vitals taken and see the doctor for about 4 minutes before they draw the blood- the only thing you went for.
They told me it would be about a week for my results.
Two weeks, several messages and emails later I get fed up and called the main office.
I was on hold for over 45 minutes to be told they can't give me results over the phone.
So I am terrified at this point because they tell me they can't tell me ANYTHING over the phone, that I have to speak to the doctor in person.
I freak out and rush right over (because he's only available a couple days a week) to sit there and wait for just slightly under two hours, pay a copay, get my vitals taken, see the doctor for under a minute for routine results.
I wasted so many hours, got so angry and stressed out for nothing at all.
Then he wants me back in 2 months when 6 months is standard.
Absolutely not.
Worst experience ever from start to finish.

This place is worthless .
office manager is brainless and incompetent.
I doctor praggit is the only person around here that is concerned about the patients treatment .

Awful.
I've been waiting for over an hour for a routine check up.
This is the fast food chain of doctors offices.
Came to get my prescriptions filled and the medical assistant couldn't even pronounce my meds.
Scary.

This place is ridiculous.
I made an appointment for 2pm and didn't get seen until 3:30!
Why?
Because they took 3 walk-ins before me!
I was even early to fill out paperwork and everything!
Yet when I asked  the "nurse" at the front desk why I was being put after the walk-ins, she smirked and said it was because of a problem with my insurance.
All I could think was how rude she was.
The only positive to this building is Dr. Imani Williams-Vaughn.
She's a sweetheart with spunk and I'm disappointed that this is where she works.
This environment makes me want to leave and never look back, especially after the rude nurse.
I do NOT recommend waisting your time here, all you'll get is frustration and stress.

