I did a quick search of the food available at the food court at the Monte Carlo and this one caught my eye.
Chicken fingers.
I can do that for lunch today.
So on my break, I took the short walk over and ordered the meal that included 3 tenders and fries.
The breading on the chicken tenders is tasty, a little bit sweet.
But it's not as crunchy as I would like.
The chicken though is super moist and tender.
It also comes with a huge basket of fries, the type made from freshly cut potatoes with the skin still on.
Their special sauce (dare I say?
) reminds me of Raising Canes' sauce: nice and peppery.
Overall, this is a solid place to turn to at the food court when you're looking for freshly fried chicken tenders.
They also sell Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs and beer.

It wasn't the worse sausage biscuit I've ever had, it wasn't all that fulling either..
I would have gladly chose McDee's over this place again.... Eh... that  is all.

Very good made-to-order chicken tenders and fries.

Ask for buffalo sauce

Chicken strips were delicious.
Probably the softest strips ever.
& food was fresh.
Down side is that they take awhile & a little pricey.
Good thing they have military discount.

Man, I gotta say, I was really impressed with how good the chicken strips are here!
The dipping sauce they give you is amazing too.
They take a while to freshly-cook your meal, but it comes out piping hot and tastes great.
MUCH BETTER THAN EATING AT THE BUFFET where the food has been sitting for an hour...ick.
I went back the next day for more.
Seriously - they have it down to a science - the flavor/seasoning in the batter is great, the portion size is impressive for the Strip (everything's expensive here), and the sweet potato fries kick a$$ too.
Highly recommended for the freshly-cooked, good quality chicken.
Worth the 10 minute wait, for SURE.

I needed a quick bite to eat in the morning, so I dropped by here.
This is located in the food court downstairs of Monte Carlo.
Their chili cheese dog was good!!
Even though I ordered it and let it sit til it was cold (because I had something to do), it still tasted good.
Roughly 10 bucks for a dog and fries.

I wanted something fast but not "fast food", while at the food court in the Monte Carlo.
I had the 3 strips and fries.
Most moist, tender chicken I have ever had at a fast food joint.
I was so pleasantly surprised.
We were staying at the M/C so I knew I would be back the next day.
They make them to order, so it takes a few extra minuets compared to McD's just next door.
They do not charge for Ranch or Blue cheese - another pleasantl surprise there too.
I tried their Nathan's Chili Cheese Dog the next day.
I wished I would have stuck to the strips, It was just okay (took a star away for that).
I wouldn't describe the chicken as "crispy" so much - but you could tell it was freshly battered, freshly cooked, and it was tasty w/out any sauce or extras.
I dipped mine in hot sauce and ranch (must ask - but no charge).

