I've been going to Parkridge Dental for about a year and a half now, so I think I'm at a point where I can fairly assess Dr. Hill and the office.
First, they're really accommodating when it comes to appointments.
I mean, I've had them set up a few tentative appointments while I figure out my work schedule, and then I get back to them when I have confirmation.
Second, when I've come in for cleanings, the hygienists (I've dealt with two) have been professional and pleasant.
I'm the type of person that will doze off in the chair while I get a cleaning done so I appreciate that I don't have to be worried about their professionalism.
Third, Dr. Hill is pretty great about how he handles patients.
He's open to answering questions without being all high-and-mighty as some medical professionals can be, and he will give recommendations without any pressure (he mentioned Invasalign to me since I have a natural smile, meaning I didn't have braces as a kid).
Fourth, the office staff is super pleasant.
I had a minor mishap with my insurance not covering some work, and when I called to clear it up, there was no chastising for not having paid on time (I thought my insurance had taken care of all of it, oops).
Let's put it this way, I live on the west side of Vegas and I travel all the way to Horizon Ridge in Henderson to see the dentist, and with gas prices the way they are, that's saying A LOT.

As newbies to town, my husband and I had to find a new dentist for our check ups, and we picked Dr. Hill and his staff.
I am SO glad we did.
I had a great experience from the start.
When setting up our appointment, the front desk staff was so patient, friendly and helpful over the phone as I sorted out my and my husband's insurance information for them (we have separate insurance, so it took a while!).
Once in the office, the dental hygienist knew what she was doing and did a fantastic job on my cleaning - no problems there.
She was also very sweet, keeping up with our conversation throughout the entire process.
Dr. Hill is very personable, took his time, and never seemed rushed while he was checking my teeth.
It was a great experience for me, and my husband said the same of his experience.
We'd both recommend this practice any day!

This is the new location.
The old location used to be on Horizon Ridge around Arroyo Grande.
The new location is a bit hidden within the business park but it's not too hard to find.
Walk towards the stairs in the middle of the large building; the dentist is on the bottom floor on the southwest corner.
Everyone here is really nice and friendly.
They always call the day before the appointment to confirm.
They also now send text messages.
They have a 6pm appointment time a few days a week which is perfect for me.
At 6pm I don't have to take any time off of work.
The hygienists like to ask questions and then relay them to the doctor.
It's a nice touch, but perhaps a bit creepy the first time you hear it.
Me to hygienist while the doctor is not in the room: "Yeah, just got back from vacation in Europe...blah blah" A few minutes later with the doctor: "Hi Kevin, how was your European vacation?
"  I can't speak about costs too much.
My insurance has pretty much covered everything I've needed.
Not sure if it's my insurance repaying the dentist slowly or what, but occasionally the dentist sends me bills when actually I don't owe anything.
I'm gonna assume it's mostly a problem with my insurance though.
A quick phone call to the front desk at the dentist quickly clears everything up though.

My first time visit to Dr Hill for TMD and it was wonderful!
Nicole was so friendly and made me feel at ease- Staff seemed to get along well and felt like a friendly atmosphere.
Irma gave me the cost breakdown and was also very personable... Dr Hill took time to explain everything and not make me feel like I was just another number... Nice office and they made my visit very comfortable.

I LOVE this dentist!!!!
Do yourself a favor and come here to get caught up on your dental work.
They have the most caring and non judgemental staff I have ever encountered.
I came in for a cleaning and left feeling relieved that I had just found an honest dental office.
Thanks Dr. Hill!

I cannot speak highly enough of Dr. Hill and his staff.
They are caring, attentive and made me feel comfortable and I hate going to the dentist.
Dr. Hill and his staff may help me overcome my fear of dentists.
I felt like I was in good hands the whole time.
Everyone is helpful, polite and friendly - the office is very professional.
I had such a pleasant experience I took the time to write this review - that's saying something.
Thanks Dr. Hill

A fantastic team at Kenneth Hill, DDS!
I was nervous this time around because I hadn't had my teeth cleaned/examined in way over a year.
Thankfully, everyone at Dr. Hill's office treated me very well from the extremely well organized front office, the excellent hygienist, and a professional visit with Dr. Hill.
The whole team did an excellent job, the exam/cleaning was very thorough and pain free.
I was amazed by their advanced 3-D imaging of my teeth/mouth/skull, it's like something out of a Sci-Fi movie lol!
If you're looking for the best dental experience with the most professional staff in the area than this is the place to go.

A truly 5 star dental office!
I am within walking distance to Dr. Hill's office and I'm so happy that this is the closest dentist to me!
The office is spotless.
The staff is so friendly.
I was offered a water while I waited.
Maybe I just hadn't been to a dentist in a while but I was in awe over the xray machine that rotates around your head!
It really cuts down on the amount of images they have to take with those plates in your mouth.
Very high tech.
Each chair has a television for patients to watch while they go through their cleaning, drilling, etc.
The chairs are way more modern than the dental chairs from days of old and very comfortable...   Morgan is my dental hygienist and she's super sweet.
Makes me feel totally comfortable.
I've met Dr. Hill twice for a short while (so far I haven't needed dental work besides cleanings, which are done by the hygienist) but he seems very nice.
I love their appointment reminders (I received a call about 2 weeks prior since I made the appointment 6 months in advance, and then receive an email and text closer to the scheduled date.
This is such a professional dental office with great staff...
I'm a lifer!

Went in today for an exam, as the previous office I went to was condescending and didn't make me aware I was undergoing elective procedures.
Due to that experience, I was in search for a new dentist.
A good friend of mine recommended this office as he has been coming here.
Just like most, I am terrified of dentists.
It has been a very long time since I have been able to go to one, as I have not had insurance...and I was scared they were going to be judgemental and everything was going to hurt (physically and the pocket book).
Although I did have a bit of a wait, I am glad I came here.
Everyone was absolutely wonderful!
They broke down my prices and even gave me a say so on what I wanted (as one of my major issues is not pressing) oh, and to top it off IT'S AFFORDABLE!!!
I now have an action plan for getting my "Crest smile" back and working on the cosmetic issues after.
Seriously, they are wonderful and I highly recommend coming here.

If you have to go to the dentist, (let's face it we should ALL go to the dentist), this is the place to go.
The staff is professional, educational, fun, super nice, it's close to home, their 3D technology is effing awesome, and they do an excellent job!

Having moved from Pennsylvania and my trusted Dentist back there, its a nervous experience to "trust" and be comfortable with someone new.
Other than the various fillings and check ups, one time I had to have my first root canal and a cap and I was in the chair for 5 hours.
Dr Hill did not leave my side, He is so kind and made sure that I didn't feel a thing.
My husband has also had a lot of work done and thinks that Dr Hill is as good as a dentist can be.
We recommend him to anyone who will listen.If  someone is reading this and trying to decide whether to go or not, please pick up the phone and make an appointment.
You won't be sorry.

