Extremely friendly and helpful staff.
Large and open product area, and super open hair services area (2 spots, not sure if both are open for services or if one is only for classroom sessions as I saw today)  Bathrooms IMO are extremely subpar for an Aveda Institute, and the reservation call line is annoying (automated, have to select the Tempe location rather than just connecting you with an employee).
I haven't checked yet if they have online reservations up.
As with most Aveda institutes (except DC!
) the pricing is spectacular for services.
Because they are just opening they have some great specials going on, and their open house is August 8!

They took my appt down wrong and didnt include the hair cut.
They also put 5 different products in my hair after they washed it.
It looked really greasy and weighed down when I left.

I can't believe how great of a deal I got at this place.
Not only did they highlight my hair and cut it exactly the way I wanted it, but I also got a free massage and smoothie while waiting for my foils to be done.
Plus, it is a great opportunity for students to get some students and make some connections for future clients.
You could say I am definitely a fan!

Great service and price!
I always leave relaxed and refreshed.
The girls are super friendly, and always helpful with skin tips.

I just started at this school and I absolutely love it!
Everyone there is so warm and friendly and the instructors are amazing.
The building in itself is beautiful.
Everything is so clean and modern, and of course with the Aveda products the school smells wonderful!
If you are looking to go to get into a cosmetology program I highly recommend checking out the Aveda institute you won't be disappointed!

Ok, plusses: The prices were awesome.
The student workers were super nice (and super young!
) and got checked on by the instructors quite often during the whole process.
Also, the instructors tend to do some of the more complicated things themselves if the students feel uncomfortable.
Minuses: It takes for stinkin' ever.
I got a color and a trim and it took over 4 hours.
Also, the color didn't really come out well either time I've been there (the first color was supposed to come our dark red and came out purple instead -- which I decided to go with because purple is awesome even though it was unintentional).
I also got an undercut, which was done pretty badly, mainly because they don't allow the students to have clippers with guards on them.
So, if you're getting something relatively uncomplicated with no color or easy color, this place will work for you, especially given the price.
Anything other than that, I would suggest that you look to a professional salon -- which some people might say is common sense, but needed to be experienced first-hand for me.
Maybe I'm dense that way :-P

Enjoyed my time there.
LeeAnn S. was my stylist and she did a great job.
I have had many compliments!
She was well supervised, the price is right, plus, I received a special treat - a hand massage.
Nice lobby - looks good and smells good!
Products were available to sample and there was water and tea - nice touches.
Plus, no bottled water....thanks for sticking to Aveda's commitment to green.
Other reviews mentioned the time....I can see that it can take some extra time but the price and the quality made it worthwhile.
One solution - make sure you are the first appointment of the day.

I had purchased a gift certificate on product knowledge alone.
The service was decent but INCREDIBLY slow ---foil and a haircut was over FOUR hours!
I guess if u have the time to waste its a great savings, otherwise not so much!

As a first time client to this Aveda Institute, I have only the highest praises for the way we were pampered and so well taken care of.
The facility is clean and organized and the the staff very professional and friendly.
I came in for hair color treatment and was warmly welcomed by Deborah Pacheco, who attended to my hair.
She and her mentor were very precise and professional in determining the technique and color to use on my hair.
As a result I was very impressed with the way it turned out when I walked out of the salon.
End of story?
Not.
I have to say that during the 2-hour hair treatment, Deborah shared with me her "Daymaker" philosophy and how important it is for she and her colleagues in Aveda to be attuned to their clients and to use the opportunity they have as hairdressers to help make a customer's day better, especially those who may need it.
I also learned from her about how Aveda undertakes a monthly project to help  take care of our planet and of people who direly need our support (e.g.
sexual abused young girls).
I walked out of there not only happy about how my new 'do turned out, but filled with a lot of hope for humanity and inspiration to do my part!
Thank you Deborah, and more power to you and the whole Phoenix Aveda team

Experience some of the best aromas around by booking a facial.
The atmosphere in the spa area is very relaxing and peaceful.
My service was provided by Lily who is a true professional and oh, so good at what she does and how she does it.
Caring, intelligent and classy are just a few of the words to describe her.
The only reason why this isn't a five is that my facial started 20 minutes after my actual appointment time.

