I don't write a lot of reviews and sad to say customer service is so sorely lacking in all industries of our world, it really takes a lot to move me.
These guys did, so I had to take the time to recognize a job very well done.
We have a H2 that my girlfriend uses for her Code Pink Boot Camp business, so we need it on the road quick with as little downtime as possible.
This Service Department 'gets it'.
Mario was great-with updates providing good communication with us and above what should have been necessary with our (non-GM) First Extended Service Warranty and their vendors.
When we ran into a glitch with this FES 3rd Party Warranty (not recommended, we purchased it when we bought the vehicle prior to moving to AZ), Mark Thomas the Service Manager got involved and went above and beyond to satisfy our service request to the fullest-quickly.
This team works very well and really took charge by handling a tough situation in a customer first perspective.
I would recommend this dealership to ANYONE with a GM vehicle-we didn't buy our vehicle here, nor do we have a Cadillac, but we will return to Earnhardt Cadillac for the excellent treatment.
They understand customer service and treat our red headed step child Hummer like its their own first born!
Thanks Mario and Mark-great to work with quality people no matter if the name changed from Legends to Earnhardt-the people make the difference.
Keep up the great work.
Craig and Christina

Formerly Legends Cadillac.
Will continue review later, mentioning good maintenance service and rep Luke.
Use to be able to rent a car but doing away with that all together.
Buying a car was less enjoyable than the quality maintenance which is crucial in deciding if I buy my next car from here.
Awesome lobby with TV and fresh snacks and Starbucks coffee.
Cupcakes and bagels too.

I bought a new vehicle and had a few issues that was corrected when brought to managers attention.
Terrific sales staff (Charlie and Anthony).
I received an excellent price and again, had my issue corrected.
As I waited for modifications to my vehicle, I saw other customers including young customers being treated kindly and fairly.

I highly recommend this dealership.
Steve Shannon is a pro.
Knowledgeable, patient, with not an ounce of pushiness.
I am extremely happy with my new , gorgeous Cadillac XTS .
Steve is one in a million.
Many thanks to him and Toby in finance.
They rocked it.

Armand had everything all set for me when I arrived.
The service was completed and I was on my way in a very short time.
I love the service at Earnhart Cadillac.

When I walked Earnhardt Cadillac, I wasn't there to buy a Cadillac.
Not really having the budget for one, I kept asking myself, "What am I doing here?
"  I was looking for a used SUV and had been to six other run-of-the-mill dealerships encountering the stereotypical salesman trying to sell me something I didn't want.
So, when I saw a used SUV on the Internet located at Earnhardt Cadillac, I wasn't sure what to expect.
I was blown away!
My experience with this dealership was amazing!
The smaller SUV was immaculate and far exceeded anything I had previously seen.
I was welcomed by Nate who was kind and relaxed.
He treated me with respect and spent a great deal of time with me on the non-Cadillac.
Although it wasn't anything extravagant, it didn't matter.
I was going to get the same treatment as any other customer who walked onto the lot.
They gave me the much needed space and did not apply unnecessary pressure to sign a deal.
The entire experience was actually pleasant.
.which is something you don't always associated with used car buying.
Nate, Toby, and Frank, I cannot thank you enough.
The car is exactly what I needed at exactly the right time.
I will freely refer anyone to your dealership at a moments notice.
Thanks again.

Best Cadillac dealership in the valley.
Formerly Legends bought by Earnhardt.
Most of the same employees.
Exceptional customer service, not your typical car buying experience.
Not pushy, very helpful and they listen to what you want.
Highly recommend!

Hands down Nate is da bomb!!!
No hassle, no haggle!
Would definitely buy another car from Nate.
In and out in 2 hours!
Too good to be true?!
We will see February 1!
For now, I'm completely satisfied  with him and Earnhardt Caddy

Pass!!!
Today I'm having to return my car.
The interest rate and payment was too good to be true!
I am truly disgusted today!!!
They better have my trade in, ready to go and in the shape I brought it in.
If anyone really reads this from Earnhardt, investigate my account.
This is very unfortunate that I've been riding around in this new car for the past week and now having to return it!!!!!
DISGUSTED with the process!!!!
Mitch and Jaime Flores from the finance department was very unprofessional.
They were told repeatedly what we could work with money wise and would always come back with a higher amount.
If it wasn't going to work, don't STRING me ALONG!

These guys SUCK!!!
They are the absolute Worst Cadillac, and I would say any dealership in the Valley.
We Loved them when they were Legends but since Earnhardt took over their service went to hell in a hand basket.
I took my wife's 2010 CTS in for warranty work since it is 30 days away from the factory warranty I would get some little stuff fixed.
They refused to repair the faulty rear back up camera because it was installed by Legends and NOT Earnhardt.
They totally copped and attitude and both the Service Manager and the General Manager TOM were complete Asses to my wife treating her like a criminal and have no customer service skills.
WARNING ALL Legend Cadillac customers ... BEWARE these guys are thief's and will not honor anything Legends did!
They are liars and will try to milk you for work that should be covered.
They need to go back to selling Fords because they do not know how to treat Cadillac customers.
Go to ANY Cadillac dealer but this ONE.
I have been purchasing news cars in the valley since the 80's and have NEVER been treated so poorly.
THESE GUYS SUCK and they are TOTALLY FULL OF BULL!!

High pressure salesmen.
Watch out for the financing department.
Bait and switch dealership.
Toby's numbers dont add up.
Horrible service.
Avoid.

Ok so I'm updating.
Earnhardt Cadillac is still my trusted place for my vehicle service and maintenance.
My Escalade is 8 years old now and still runs like a charm.
My service rep is Luke and I'm grateful to have had him all these years.
He is friendly, professional, and patient with me.
I especially like how he takes the time to distinguish the recommended work versus the necessary work that needs to be done on my vehicle.
He is very fair.
When I purchased my vehicle in 2005, this place was called Legends Cadillac.
In my previous review, I mentioned my car-buying experience was less enjoyable than my service experience.
I said this because I know I got duped into paying more than I should have for the vehicle.
But, honestly, that was my problem, not the dealerships.
My problem was I expected sales persons to be fair.
Oops.
How naive of me.
They are sales persons to make money, not to be fair.
So, I have to concede to the car-buying experience as something to learn from, not criticize.
Next time I buy a vehicle, I'll have to approach the process differently, expecting to be swindled - and try not to fall for it.
Oh and one more thing!...
They have gone back to providing complimentary vehicles when you have service!
No need to pay to rent a car, or sit there for hours, or arrange for a ride home.
Yippee!

