I brought my laptop in because the USB ports weren't working.
The guy at the counter said it would be 3-5 days for them to look at it and get back to me.
I, then, watched as they took my laptop, put it into a plastic container, and set it on a shelf next to a couple of other containers.
Then the guy proceeded to go sit down with a couple of other employees.
What I don't understand is that if you work there, aren't you supposed to be working on the computers and not sitting and chatting with your co-workers?
I also felt that they didn't really care if it was an emergency to me (which it was) or not.
Follow-up:  called and asked about selling my laptop if the motherboard wasn't working.
The guy on the phone told me the only way to tell me was by bringing it into the store and looking at it.
I asked him to just be honest and he wouldn't help me over the phone....called the Spring Mountain store and IMMEDIATELY was told it wouldn't be worth it.
Apparently someone at the Centennial store needs a reality check in customer service...

I brought my old laptop in to see if I could sell it.
I wish they had more locations, but overall relatively easy to find.
No wait time at all when I came in.
The rep did a quick examination of the computer and made me an offer that was actually close to what I was hoping to get for it.
Very pleased!

My husband went in to trade in his computer for a laptop.
The sales staff was rude and not helpful.
Needless to say he went to one of the big box stores and got a laptop and very courteous help!
Hmmm wonder if the bosses at Laptop ever send in secret shoppers??
Maybe they should!

My daughter forgot the charger to her laptop, which has become an extension of her body, when we left for a 4-day Vegas vacation.
Went to Laptop Xchange, since they were close by, and asked if they would do me the favor of charging the battery so she'd have something to do.
Shaun and the rest of the staff were very helpful.
He said it was no problem and within an hour, I had a fully charged battery.
I wanted to pay something for their efforts, but they said they were just happy to help.
I definitely recommend them for service and resale.
Excellent attitude.

Dropped off my laptop to get fixed, got it back still broke.
I was told it would" fix itself" .
I told them I did not take it to a professional repair shop for it to" fix itself!
" The girl was rude, arrogant and did not give a shit!!
This place is a joke and the technicians are  unskilled.
I would not go back there if it was free .The location at 5765 centennial.

I needed an estimate on repairs for my computer, they were all very friendly and helpful.

I bought my son a laptop for his 13th birthday for approximately $200.00.
We realized after a few days that there was a problem with the sound card.
We took it back and because we had a warranty we exchanged it for another one.
We have had this one for about 2 weeks and it is not acting right either.
It has some type of add program that keeps popping up and no matter what we do it will not stop.
I installed anti-virus protection on it as soon as we got it so this was a pre-existing problem.
I guess we have to take it back again but I am a little disappointed with the quality of the product right now.
The sales associate was very personable but as far as referring someone at this point I would say don't get a computer there.

