Went here for lunch with a friend as it is close to the office.
I believe this was their first business day.
This is the spot where the Souper Salad, and a Gyros place used to be.
Service was good, the cashier was being trained but we were not in a hurry and we were cool with that.
That is how we learn, right?
We had the pizza combo lunch special, my friend had 2 cheese pizza slices, and I had a pepperoni and a day special or something like that slice.
FYI, there is a 50 cents charge for the day special pizza.
Mhmm...
I don't remember the ingredients, but it had like a lot of finely chopped vegetables... it was good.
We also had mozzarella sticks with marinara sauce.
Portions were very generous and the prices are reasonable.
It was cool to be here on their first day, everyone was very excited.
They stopped by our table like 5 times to make sure everything was OK, I asked if they had jalapeños an they brought some to our table.
As we were getting seated, a patron was talking to one of the employees, he could be the manager, I guess.
The patron said something like: I don't particularly care for pizza bread, but this one tastes really good.
And I agree, the pizza crust was very tasty and I liked the texture too.
Overall it was very good, and I wish them the best of luck.

Well you know it is really funny that there is a Barro's Pizza very close to where I live and I have NEVER been to it.
However this location is right across the street from where I work....so I decided to give it a try one day for lunch.
I had the Mozzarella Sticks and a slice of Cheese pizza.
The prices are not to bad I paid a 1.75 for the slice and 3.25 for the Mozzarella Sticks.
The Pizza is good as long as you eat it while it's hot.....as for the Sticks well they were just okay.....Sonic has much better tasting Sticks.
This is not a bad location at all for lunch and it is affordable....so I would recommend at least trying it once and see how you like it.
Now as for myself I probably won't be back unless I try a specialty pizza or if I decided to buy one for my staff.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!

I'll start by saying I love Barro's pizza.
I've always loved it (Hawaiian is my favorite!
) and I'd eat if every day if I could.
But I can't.
Why?
Well besides the fact I'm trying to lower my carb and gluten intake and I'd probably gain 20 lbs if I ate it every day, this location is posted as a gun free zone.
It is unfortunate that companies think it's smart to take away their customer's rights while in their establishment, stripping them of the ability to protect themselves from the law breakers that will ignore the sign anyway.
So I notified the manager with a "No guns = no money" business card and have not returned.
Take the sign down and I will eat there often as it's very close to my office.
But until then, they will get none of my money.
I gave it 3 stars, 5 stars for the food, 1 star for the fact that I can't enter the building to actually buy any of it.

I love Barro's.
Great pizza.
Great wings.
Great prices.
But today is the 3rd time I've been here that they have had nasty lettuce at the salad bar.
Nobody cares that it comes packaged ready to use.
Take a minute to pull that nasty stuff out!
The staff is great but they need to learn that you can't use the same mildewy rag on the table that you use on the chairs.
Straighten up guys.
You're getting sloppy.

I found out that I have a sensitivity to gluten a few weeks ago and to my surprise I enjoyed the gluten free pizza more that the regular.
The staff is always friendly and polite.
Can walk here from work so it's nice that they are both speedy and efficient!

Tons of seating, same great pizza.
Lunch special is one of the best around.

I am very pleased by the service, the food, and the cleanliness of this location.
I have been to two other locations and have not been very happy with the food and cleanliness.
This pizza was not soggy and the honey BBQ wings were not doused in sauce.
It was nice to have sauce with my chicken and not chicken with my sauce.
I would make an effort to back here for sure!

The first time we ordered from Barros the pizza was amazing and got here quick, decent prices too.
Our second delivery order was an hour later than we were quoted, especially since we preordered for a specific time...a little annoyed but the manager called and gave me a 20% off coupon for "being cool about it.
" The pizza however, was not fully cooked.
Last time we opted out if pizza, ordering sanwhiches pasta and salad.
Food was good but again I was told 45 minutes and it took about two hours.
Not even an apology, grumpy and hungry toddlers and it was nothing.
The girls who answer the phones are immature and unprofessional.
I've been out on hold 4 times in one phone call and them someone new will answer and starty order before placing me on hold for the next person...over all food is a hit or miss but delivery times and service sucks.
Perhaps it's better in the restaurant.

Okay, so the food was good.
However, the service was bad!!!!!!!
Well, the delivery portion.
Our food was in horrible shape.
I can't believe I tipped...don't get delivery unless you want your food completely smashed.
It looked as though he drove through an EF 5 tornado before reaching our home.

As for delivery pizza, this is as good as it gets in AZ.
Forget all those big pizza chains.
You can't get the flavor from them like you can from Barro's.
I absolutely love the tomato sauce on their pizzas and the crust is doughy but not too soft nor too crispy.
As for their salads and their salad bar in the restaurant portion, it leaves a lot to be desired.
Iceberg lettuce?
Seriously?
At least throw me a bone and throw in some spinach or lettuce with a little color to it.
The toppings for the salad are not the best either.
If you stick to delivery with Barro's, you can't go wrong.

Amazing buffalo chicken pizza!
Restaurant could be a lot cleaner though!
Sometimes salad bar isn't stocked fully but it's a great lunch special!

Tried their delivery for the first time and will not order from them again.
Food arrived with sauce from spaghetti leaking into the bag and all over some of the other food.
Meatballs on the spaghetti were good, but the pasta was overcooked and the sauce just tasted like tomato sauce out of a can.
Wings were undercooked.
Garlic bread had very little taste... pointless to eat it.
However, the salad was tasty with lots of meats, cheese, olives and peppers.
We didn't try the pizza, but based on this experience, we won't be back to Barros.

We were given a 1.75 hour delivery wait and we're about a mile away.
So, decided to go pick it up.
Not what you want to do on a hot day when you just arrived from driving a moving truck across the county, but that's another saga.
Other than that, the food was fine.
Nothing spectacular.
It'll do.
The only reason we chose it was for delivery and that didn't work out.

