This review is specific to Gary Huntington (480) 228-7109.
A few years ago I was moving and couldn't sell my house.
I decided to rent it out.
Since I was moving across town, I knew it wouldn't be feasible for me to take care of it myself as I wasn't going to drive across town for those (my toilet is overflowing) phone calls.
Based on a friends referral, I decided to hire Gary.
I was concerned about what tenants were selected but, Gary made the process very easy and in no time, he had my place rented out for more than I thought I could get (the "extra" every month covers Gary's fee).
Gary is very mellow and easy going.
This means he is fabulous at dealing with me and the tenants!!!
Don't let his easy going manner make you think that he doesn't have a sense of urgency or won't follow through.
In the years that I have been dealing with him, he ALWAYS follows through.
You can trust him completely.
He is not one of those agents that you need to babysit.
He is willing to call you for everything that needs handling or nothing or anywhere in between (i.e., only call me if it is more than a $100 repair, etc.
)  He is also very adaptable to using text messages or emails (which work better for me with my busy life).
I have had the same tenants now for almost 4 years and I attribute this completely to Gary being the one to deal with them.
Gary is able to smooth things out and his easy going manner makes everyone feel comfortable and at ease.
If you need to rent your place out, I highly recommend that you get in touch with Gary.

Really disappointed with my "cleaning.
" They promised carpet would be clean and I come in to GROSS stained carpeting.
I asked if I could get a credit to have the carpets cleaned and they basically keep ignoring me.
I've made numerous emails and even went into the office!
However, they have NO problem emailing and mailing me when it comes to them getting their money..I'm going to have to pay out of pocket for stains that I didn't make.
I would recommend MAKING them clean carpets (letting you see it..or an invoice for service at least) because I don't even think they had it done.
(Even though I paid for a "cleaning fee" as part of my deposit.

I would definitely NOT recommend this agency.
They are terrible to work with.
They are disorganized and not worth the effort.
One time my check for rent didn't cash until the 5th, another time they cashed it early before the agreed day of the 1st of the month and my account bounced....  My house was filthy when I moved into it.
It is obvious that the last renters didn't clean at all.
I spent my first week in the home cleaning it from top to bottom.
It was gross.
Please, don't use Apartment Hunters if you are looking to rent!

