There is always a line, like your at an amusement park.
They have a lot of windows, but never enough tellers!

On a Saturday.
In and out.
Nothing spectacular happened but the transaction at hand.

Probably one of my least favorite Wells Fargo Banks that I have to unfortunately hit every once in awhile.
This Wells Fargo is located off Silverado and Bermuda.
This is also one of the busier ones inside since it's fairly close to Las Vegas Blvd and in a busy shopping center.
My biggest issues with this location is;  1.
No drive thru ATM.
There's a drive thru, but it's for El Pollo Loco.
I've been fooled the first time I came out here and thought I was in a ATM drive thru to find it out that it's for El Pollo.
As a result, found myself ordering some chicken.
The lines during the day are crazy long and it seems they take forever at this location.
I know exactly why the lines here are long and you can thank guys like my brother-in-law that will only take money out of his own bank to avoid additional chargers.
I probably spend more money on gas than the $2 additional charge.
I get my hair cuts at the Xpress Cuts located in the same parking lot.
So, I really have no choice about hitting this Wells every once in awhile.
Not really sure why I'm even reviewing this Wells Fargo Bank, but I always feel obligated to write a review if I am the temporary Duke of the location.
That's right...who's house?

I am not usually a fan of banks in general, but this location could sway me back towards the dark side.
No charge to cash a check drawn from their bank (other banks typically charge and give you attitude)  Nicole was very friendly even while soft selling me on the advantages of switching to this bank.
I regret that I forgot the name of the teller after I left.
She was very sweet.
If I ever decide to switch banks (which is always a possibility) this place is my first choice.
Also Saturday hours, open until 4pm.

Usually hate going to the bank, but this visit was enjoyable!
It was my first time at this specific location, and Rey was very nice and helpful.
She also explained things to me very thoroughly in terms so I can understand.

I am a current Wells Fargo customer- and I just wanted to stop in an open an additional savings account.
I had a very pleasant and easy experience.
When I arrived I was greeted by a very nice personal banker- Alicia, I was asked to wait a moment while she finished up a phone call and then was kindly escorted back to her desk, she was very helpful and kind, and it was such an easy and pleasant transaction.

