The place is dead and life less and has horrible music (it even had commercials in it!).
You have to track down the employees to get service.
The hookah they gave us had used coals and wasn't working.
We explained to the waitress that we did not feel we should have to pay for the hookah because we had to wait forever to get it and it had coals that were already burned...she said we still have to pay.
It's very over priced, they have horrible customer service, and I will never go back there!!!

What?
I can't see where I'm going.
Its all black in there.
But they do have cheap drinks and hookah worth your money.
It lasts long enough for 3-4 people.
Its raging on a weekend with questionable customers who probably got in with a fake ID.
Don't get stabbed in the parking lot.
Haha.

The best hookah lounge I've ever been, Monday 2 Monday, from best hookah 2 affordable drinks and best music......definitely place 2 check out on a Vegas trip!!!
I can't imagine anybody saying bad cuz customer service is # 1 @ myxx

Open on time and have a dedicated line for your customers to call.
Is that too much to ask.
I go there 2 hours after the are supposed to be open and they are still closed.
So I call the number listed and its some guys cell phone and he doesn't even answer with the name of the place.
Just a "yeah" Not dependable with questionable service so can't recommend it.

So I finally got the chance to check this place out and I was pleasantly surprised!
For whatever reason they don't post regular hours, calling the lounge is pretty useless as well.
Interestingly, they have a 10pm-12am happy hour 7 days a week.
Happy hour on a Saturday night?
Leggo.
The hookahs are about $17 regular price (HH: $10) and they all come with a ice tip (for free!
) In addition, it seems that if you are a lady and you come in during happy hour you get a free glass of moscato!
yay!
We ordered the Myxx mix which was great - very minty mix that lasted for a good 45min-1 hour.
The lounge itself is pretty big, complete with a full bar and has a nice dance/nightclub vibe to it.
We stopped by on a Tuesday around 1am and it was surprisingly busy.
Definitely family run, and most of the customers seemed to be regulars.
They serve food though we didn't get a chance to try.
Overall it was a pretty good experience, check it out if you are in the Chinatown area.

I came here a couple times to kick it with some friends.
The Hookah might seem expensive, but you can definitely hang there for a good 2-3 hours for 20 bucks.
The booths are intimate and ample.
Drinks are reasonable and the food is okay.
They have a DJ spinning pretty good hip-hop/ethnic music.
Bathrooms are clean enough, but I wouldn't recommend eating off the floors.

水パイプタバコの吸えるバーですリラックスできる雰囲気です。 イベントも豊富にしているみたいです

Decent place, not too crowded.
Excellent service, smooth hookah (myxx special).
Two cocktails plus hookah $24 which isn't bad.
Free pour drinks, very happy and nice staff.
I will be back.

Love this place,  nice music,  lovely people,  and real good hookah ..
Try the watermelon vanilla if you like light flavors

Decent place but was disappointed.
Expected belly dancers and Arabic music...Crowd was also very less...Hookah was ok not great...

