One of the new places in the food court that is still undergoing renovation in the Excalibur Hotel.
They currently have a deal (coupon required) in which you can get a free medium drink with the purchase of a 2 chicken item combo.
Good place to eat at if you just want a quick and cheap meal.
I prefer this place more than Panda Express.

Pick Up Stix is back!
All Las Vegas area locations closed a while back, and I was a little heartbroken.
I love their fried rice and cream cheese won tons!
When I heard about the Excalibur location, I was excited to get some of my beloved fried rice.
Never mind having to drive to the Strip to get it, I was committed.
The food court has been remodeled and is not hard to get to on the 2nd floor of the casino.
I was diasappointed that this is a quick serve layout, which means a Panda Express type layout instead of the traditional made to order Pick Up Stix I love.
Alas, they had fried rice but you can't get it with plan shrimp or chicken, only with the fancy entree items such as orange chicken or spicy shrimp.
The employee was very helpful as she saw my diasappointment at the offerings, and she told me about the kid's meal with fried rice.
This is not posted on the menu, and it was a pretty good deal.
The fried rice was a little different than I remember, but was good enough for me to go back.

Don't go here for a late night fix - they close earlier than stated/advertised.
When questioned about it their staff said their clocks said it was closing time - perhaps their clock is 10 minutes fast, or the staff was just trying to close up a wee bit early...  Maybe for the best - unlike any other location I've visited (and I'm normally a raving fan of Pick Up Stix), all the food at this location isn't made fresh to order.
It's pre-made and sits in warming trays.
I'll need to go to the LA area to get my fix.

This place is a joke.
Pick Up Stix, you need to pick up your attitude, show some smiles,  and stop hating your job.
I came here twenty minutes prior to closing.
They had run out of most of their food, but there was still a huge line.
I ordered the kung pao chicken and the orange chicken.
There were almost no other options.
They were rationing what little food they had to the customers waiting in line.
Everyone surely did not get what they paid for.
The staff members that were packing the boxes were extremely rude and seemed like they rather be doing something else.
The owner needs to work with these employees, and either needs re-train them in customer service, or fire them.
As for the food, there was very little in the box.
The fried rice was hard and grainy.
The noodles were overly sauced, and salty.
The orange chicken was too sweet, and was soggy.
The kung pao chicken was all sauce and vegetables.
It was overall very disgusting.
The food was terrible, served alongside terrible service.

Rice wasn't cooked all the way.
The servers were really nasty and didn't act professional.

Wow, this place is really gross and it's expensive (cuz it's Vegas).
My friend and I shared a fried rice and two sides of kung pao chicken and veggies.
The fried rice was really salty, the kung pao chicken and veggies were just ok. To say the least, we wasted a lot of food.
My friend wasn't feeling well from our partying the night before, so she didn't want to eat Popeye's, which our guy friends got.
I think I'd MUCH rather prefer fried chicken.
Pick Up Stix is pretty much another Panda Express...gross, unauthentic food.
Sigh.

Horrible food, its nothing like it use to be.
This is probally the only one that serves there food like they do & its disgusting.
Why open another pick up stix in las vegas but not have it the way it use to be when you would order and your food was freshly made?

I come typically come here when I'm at Excalibur because the food is decent, depending on what you get.
The food is Asian fusion but some of it is way too oversauced and salty.
But for some reason I still like to come here...probably because it's the only location in Vegas.
If given an option though, I'd probably choose Panda Express over this Pick Up Stix.

I was very disappointed when Pick Up Stix closes its locations around Vegas.
They made fresh food to order.
Now we get a mall version that is a pale imitation of the original.
I would recommend waiting for a fresh serving of any dish.
This location needs to step up its game.
China Max located around town is better than this joint right now.

Just under$4 for a one-item craving at midnight isn't a bad deal.
Husband and I circled the Excalibur food court on foot a couple of times before I settled on fast-Asian (over McD's, Popeye's, Schlotzky's, a smoothie place, Krispy Kreme, or Auntie Anne's).
Having no other meatless options I ordered just the fried green beans.
They looked so over fried I sampled one first (samples are free, just ask).
Thinking I could handle a full order I went for it.
I finished off the night's supply.
($3.77)  A couple oil-soaked napkins later and a LOT of oily sauce at the bottom of my container and I ditched the beans for a much healthier donut.
(Not kidding.
Def healthier).
Friendly service, especially for the time off night, but at least have one mixed vegetable option!
(No, veggie fried rice doesn't count).
I regret my food and restaurant choices.

I was craving Panda Express so I decided to make due with Pick Up Stix since we were staying at Excalibur.
It was a terrible decision.
I ordered the chow mein with green beans and some kind of chicken.
Everything on my tray was extremely salty and oily.
Not only was the quality of the food lower than Panda Express, the price was also more expensive.
$10 for a meal full of oil and salt?
No thank you.
Will definitely not be returning here ever again.

