My wife and I were there for the opening night of this new Restaurant.
Didn't think we'd be able to get a table but when we walked up they were very nice to accommodate us even though it looked fairly full.
We sat at the bar/lounge area for about 15 minutes before our table was ready.
While waiting, we were able to take a look at the decor, people, etc...
I personally really liked the clean and hip look of the place and where the tables were in relation to the bar and other parts of the restaurant.
The main dining area was slightly elevated from the lounge area, thus creating a separation but was close that it didn't feel like I was disconnected to the bar area where there were a lot of people to watch.
It definitely isn't the place if you want a quiet-dinner-for-two, but for my wife and I, it was great.
Once we got seated, we decided to choose multiple small plates so that we can try different things.
We had a sushi roll, a noodle dish with duck, crab cake/ball, and some items from the dim sum menu.
The food was generally a 3.5 out of 5 for us because it didn't blow us away but we couldn't really say anything too bad about it.
It was just what you'd expect at an Asian fusion menu and not much more...
The drinks were quite good though.
Both of us had a few drinks intentionally trying their different cocktails (by the way, they bring out an iPad with the cocktails listed and I thought that was pretty cool to scroll through drinks and see details of each one), and each one was very very good - not cheap but definitely tasty.
There was one thing that we really didn't like -  1) Maybe because it was the opening night but they had way too many people working on the floor!
Usually having enough staff to make sure that you are properly and timely taken care of is key to a good experience.
In the case of that night, it was uncomfortably filled with workers where they were everywhere and standing around between tables, along the walls making it very distracting to have so much crowd stand around and walk between the tables.
I sure hope that gets adjusted quickly.
With that said, our server, Ryan, was excellent - tried to give our space but was very attentive and informative.
All in all we would likely return especially if staying at Wynn/Encore.

I tried the  sliders and Crispy rice tuna.
It was decent but  overpriced like most places in Vegas.
Nothing to go back for.

Like a few other reviewers, I was also there on opening night.
I had no idea what to expect (my husband made reservations without knowing anything about the restaurant).
The food was good and seeing that it is a fine dining restaurant in Encore, for the prices I was actually surprised at the portions.
Many of the dishes are meant to be shared and this is exactly what we did.
It was plenty of food for me though my husband probably could have used one more dish ;).
We had the fried pork pot stickers, garlic noodles with scallops, the shrimp tempura roll and the fun little dessert trio.
Everything was tasty, the scallops were tender and not sandy, and you could taste the individual ingredients (nothing covered in too much sauce or oil).
The drinks were unique, really yummy and comparably priced to other Strip bars/restaurants.
I liked the vibe of the place, decked out in mostly white with a lot of high top tables, wait staff in all black, lots of space and iPads to review and order your drinks.
But among all this hipness (which I typically may not like) the DJ played an interesting mix of music (70s, 80s, 90s).
For me this was the exact foil needed to make sure it wasn't too hip.
The bar area was roomy and the whole place comfortable enough that I would definitely go back just to hang out and have drinks.
I gave it only 3 stars because I've had the same quality and creativeness in Asian cuisine at other establishments for much less cost.
I've experienced it once, I probably won't go back for the food.
But you're not just paying for the food, you are paying for the ambiance so if you're looking for that nice combo, consider it a 4 and give it a chance.

I haven't eaten here but I've had drinks at the bar and I LOVE the ambiance.
The restaurant is chic, trendy and has that Vegas glitz and sexiness with creams, whites and golds for the color motif.
This would be a great date place.
The cocktail menu is a high-tech interactive iPad.
I thought that was really cool... first time I've seen something like that.
There is an extensive list of speciality cocktails - I tried several and they were all VERY tasty, unique, and beautiful.
Most nights they have a live DJ spinning the music - so the music throughout the evening was great, hip, (but not too distracting) and with a constant beat that put you in the mood to go out after or keep the evening going.
I love restaurants with a trendy, sexy lounge feel, yummy cocktails, and gets my evening started... Andrea's definitely gave me that.
On a side note, this would be a great place to rent out for a sexy and hip birthday party, event or engagement party.

Had dinner with a group, food was excellent, service was good and ambiance was very sexy and modern.
Nice place for a romantic dinner as well as a business meeting.

I have the best boss in the world; he is the ultimate foodie so when he takes me out to dinner, we always end up at great places.
This place, apparently had only been open for 10 days when we visited.
We had a 9pm reservation and arrived 15 min prior to have drinks.
Walking in, there was a crowd right by the door.
I lightly pushed my way through and came face to face with Steve Wynn.
Yes, that guy.
Then I heard a familiar voice, looked to the right and it was George Clooney.
Ok we are off to an interesting start.
There was an entourage of about 20 people so we had to wait for an hour before we were seated -and this was with a reservation at 9!!
So we didn't even get to sit down until nearly 10pm.
The people watching was interesting and the ambiance at the place was very hip.
The food was good.
I had the misoyaki cod which is always good, doesn't matter where you go.
The appetizers were just okay and they weren't flexible to changes.
Would I come here again?
Not at these prices on my own dime.
But if the boss is paying?
Absolutely.
Who knows who I would see next time.

Amazing and beautiful restaurant.
We tried a ton of different menu items, but if you only try one thing .... You must try their KOBE SLIDERS WITH BANANA KETCHUP!!!!!
They are perfection!!!!!
I also love the har gow dim sum (steamed prawn dumpling).
It's healthy and delicious.
The restaurant has a romantic yet chill vibe... Definitely a great place to eat light, relax, have a few signature cocktails (my favorite is THE DREAM) before you go out on the town!!

I love the Wynn/Encore etc.
and most of their restaurants, NOT THIS ONE.
Got there for a 9:00PM  reservation.
Seems loud and clubby, but prepared for that end.
They didnt seat us il 9:30 and then it was a bar table.
15-20 minutes before someone came by took our order for food and drinks, then 30 minutes goes by, with NOTHING.
Another server pops in and ask if we need help, we explain that we ordered byt dont have anything, they seems confused, annoyed, and that was the end of our attempt.
I cant imagine, Wynn lets this place operate this way for too long.
We weren't the on;y ones storming out.
Rude staff and bad experience, but give it a try, maybe you catch them on a day they want to change... :(

I went to Andrea's on Saturday night with a group of friends for my boyfriends birthday.
We had made reservations a few weeks before and were really excited to try the new place and then go out to his birthday celebration afterwards.
We had no idea we would be waiting over and hour just to be seated and ended up missing our original plans.
When we arrived for our 9:30 reservation at 9:10 we were told it would be a few minutes to get the table ready.
At 9:40 my boyfriend checked back in and was once again told it would be a few more minutes to prepare the table.
30 minutes past our reservation time and almost 45 minutes of waiting I finally asked the hostess what was going on and explained this was a very special occasion and we made reservations for a reason.
She told me that people were at our table and we would need to wait.
Finally after an hour of waiting I told her we would be leaving if we were not seated immediately.
We finally got a table set up for us, in the bar area, not even in the actual dining area.
Overall this was NOT a good experience.
The food was very mediocre for the price and the service was close to the service you get at fast food but extremely slower.
In the end we ended up missing the event we had planned for after dinner and my boyfriend spent his birthday night waiting an hour when we had a reservation.
We essentially paid $300 to waste our night away and miss his birthday event afterwards.
My advice would be if you are going to accept reservations make sure you hold them, not make people wait an hour.
They clearly have respect for their customers.
After looking at other Yelp reviews this seems to be the norm for them.
I would not recommend this place to anyone unless you want to waste an hour of your life.

Tonight was our first visit to Andrea's.
We've heard that the place can be mobbed, so we made our reservations for 7:30.
Turns out that taking an 'early' dinner on a Friday night was an excellent idea.
By the time we left, the place was packed and people were waiting in line just to see the hostess.
The service was amazing.
We've come to expect a higher caliber of service in LV, and Andrea's is no exception.
We had a team of people assigned to our table, catering to our every whim.
The food was outstanding as well.
I can personally vouch for the sushi - which was some of the best I've ever experienced.
The other guests at the table had rave reviews for the scallops and vegetable dishes as well.
In my book the music was a touch on the loud side (I never thought those words would ever come out of my mouth), but I suppose that is just what happens at a trendy nightclub-esque restaurant on a Friday night.
Overall, it was a great experience!

We (party of 6) decided to try Andreas last Saturday night.
We don't usually go on the strip but had to get our bets in for the Super bowl.
We had a reservation time of 9:45pm, when we walked in the restaurant was absolutely packed!!!
The hostesses greeted us immediately and asked us if we would like to have a cocktail first in the lounge, we did just that and some what a great atmosphere and vibe.
We were escorted to our table and sat approximately 10:03pm, not a bad wait considering how busy it was.
Our server was spot on and recommended that we begin with a sushi and sashimi platter, I have been in F&B for year and rarely take pictures of food but had to and will attach to this post.
The sushi is right there with Nobu, Sushi Roku, Yellowtail i.e.
it was outstanding in presentation, flavor and grade "A+"!
Our server then insisted we try the NY Strip we ordered three and they could have been the best thing I have smelled coming through a dining room in a very longtime.
The group sitting next to us even asked what we had ordered so we shared a piece and they ordered the NY as well.
My fiance ordered the lobster entree unbelievable presentation.
Our friends had ordered a variety of seafood dishes, crab fried rice, rock shrimp, ponzu broccoli and stir-fried Japanese eggplant.
We are definitely coming back not just for the amazing food and service but this wasn't your typical vibe dining restaurant much more chic and comfortable.

My sister and I went on Saturday Night (2/9/13) before heading to Surrender.
We had a reservation at 10:45 pm and got sat right away.
The restaurant had an amazing vibe.
The food was really good but the edamame had way too much truffle oil on it.
I gave it three stars for two reasons; the service was below par and our appetizers came out before our bottle of wine.
I would come back again for another late night dinner or before club dinner.

Throughout the meal it was not just my  taste buds that were stimulated.
The music enhanced the experience..  My husband and I had an amazing time at Andrea's Service was in point.

I went to this place on their first night of opening by accident.
i was impressed by the decor and since we had a table next door, we didn't wait to be seated.
Sat at the bar and ordered the Crispy rice tuna and the sliders.
It was ok, but definitely over priced.
nothing to go back for.

I hate to give Andrea's two stars - but it really was not worth more.
The atmosphere is great - it makes me feel....sexy....if a restaurant can do that.
The staff was very helpful and professional - always makes bland food better.
Drink menu was on an iPad, which although cool, seemed strange.
The place is so dim lit, you could tell who was about to get hammered from the bright iPad screen.
I was one that gave in an tried an under-poured martini for $12 - OUCH.
We ordered the peppers as an appetizer.
Just bland, with a burst of spice from the mustard.
Then I proceeded to order the Duck Lo Mein.
I was very, very excited to see duck on the menu.
When my dish arrived, it was a very large proportion.
I almost couldn't finish!
But the Lo Mein was so....bland....(like this review?
)...that I felt like I could have gotten better at the buffet.
The duck in the lo mein did not stand out at all.
Was hoping for a burst of flavor, but I was unfortunately let down.
My partner ordered sushi and dim sum.
He said it was good, but had the same reaction...bland.
Overall, Andrea's had so much hype - but for the Wynn - this was nothing more than "OK" food that came with a hefty ($100 for 2) price tag.
I suggest skip it.

I came here with a group of 10 for appetizers and drinks.
The ambiance is fantastic and we spotted multiple notable celebrities, which added to the excitement of our evening.
The chicken potstickers were delicious.
I found the cucumber salad to be very refreshing.
They also make a great old fashioned.

Andreas is one of the best restaurants I've been too the service is amazing they are on top of their game and the sushi wow amazing the detail that they put into it Andreas keep doing what your doing

Cool new venue!
Only been open for a few months, but Andrea's is a perfect fit into the Encore's line of fine dining.
The ambiance is very chique and hip, great list of wines and cocktails, and excellent food choices.
We had a large partry (10+), and they were very accomodating.
We tried a bunch of little plates / appitizers, and they were all delicious (the Wagyu Beef Tataki was my personal fave).
For dinner, I had the Seared Ahi salad (delicious) and the Wagyu Rib Cap (most flavorful steak I've had in months) - however, it was only 6 oz....which is kinda small.
Come here hungry, cuz almost everything sounds delicious, and their dessert menu is something you don't want to skip!
(we tried the trio sampler, and all three were awesome).

Very cool venue, you will notice as soon as you walk in.
Sleek retro vibe, and dj spinning music.
Very well lit, they are not afraid to show you the interior design.
I have two recommendations for everyone.
For appetizer, the hamachi.
A little jalapeno, garlic, simply delicious.
I am imagining those morsels right now.
The new york strip!!
(served over wasabi demiglace)  The NY Strip is slowly becoming one of my favorite steaks.
This dish is not served like a typical steak, it's served in a log shape, and sliced into about 10 pieces.
The ends were fatty (didn't even eat them) but the rest of the slices were cooked to medium perfection.
Taking each piece and dipping it in the the demiglace, oh myy!!!
Although I am not a huge strip restaurant fan, I put this in the top for the area.
Highly recommended.

Somewhat underwhelming.
The suhito peppers were fantastic.
The environment is clearly one of upscale dining.
They have some private-ish rooms for celebrties i'm sure.
I went on a night where they didn't have a DJ, so the experience might be different at the supperclubs.
I would like to see a little more bang for the buck.
The staff was very courteous and professional, but still the food was underwhelming and I think it may be unfair but i've come to expect so much from the restaurants at the Wynn/Encore properties.
The again do have a vegeterian menu, but it was underwhelming in inspiration of entrees.
Hopefully if the menu continuously changes they can keep it fresh.
I will still return to check out the supperclub aspect as surrender is easily my favorite club.
That was another thing I liked, the view.
It was a nice sexy backdrop for a meal.
But as a resto I would say u could fare much better at another spot in the wynn.

Average food, although very expensive.
The "hip" portion is just really loud, inappropriate club music that is pumped in to the restaurant.
It didn't really fit.
The service was good when we ate dinner.
It was pretty bad when we came later for dessert in the bar area.
The ice cream was very good.

Our first night in Las Vegas was spent here at this beautiful hip restaurant and we were definitely not dissapointed.
We had made a reservation for the earlier side after reading reviews here that it gets very loud and clubby later on, so our 7:00 res was on the mark to start off our first night.
We were seated relatively quickly after grabbing a quick cocktail at the bar.
An Aphrodisiac with Lemon Belvedere Vodka and Elderflower Liquer was my drink of choice and WOW, it was refreshing and delicious!
So much so, my friend changed her drink order and we continued with those during dinner.
Excellent!
We were seated near the Sushi kitchen where 5 sushi chefs were working away creating rolls and fresh sashimi.
Our first appetizer was the Hamachi which was delectable and soooo fresh.
Didn't want that to end!
Next up the Shrimp and Pork Gyoza, also tasty.
My friend then dined on the Rock Shrimp with Shitake mushrooms and side of lomein, which she loved while I had the tuna and shrimp tempura roll, a great pick as well.
We were both pleased with our meals.
Of course I had to try a little something sweet and enjoyed every bit of the Chocolate And Coffee dessert which had not just a beautiful presentation but was well worth the calories.
Throughout the evening, very cool clubby like music was playing, not too crazy loud but then again, we left around 9 so maybe it gets crazy later?
Either way, we loved the atmosphere, the service and the food.
This place is pretty hot to look at too, so I've uploaded a few pics as well...Fun night!

Okay so the atmosphere is a bit over the top, however, the food was very good.
Really enjoyed the steak and the fried rice.
I recommend you ask your waiter regarding what to order.
He did an excellent job with such.
P.S.
Desert, not so good.

Top notch service, top notch food and top notch prices...well as in, it wasn't cheap.
Although I was treated to dinner (CF :)), still the same.
Great ambiance and definitely a more sophisticated place.
Waiter was excellent and knew exactly when you tend to us and when to leave us alone.
There was an incident in the women's bathroom which was the highlight of the dinner.
I honestly don't remember exactly what I had to eat, but it was excellent.
No complaints.
The use of the iPad to order drinks was pretty sweet!

This review is only for drinks:  Went here a few months ago and had some drinks pre-clubbing with hubby.
Very cool new place at Encore named after Steve Wynn's wife.
They have a great selection of specialty drinks and martinis, and their menu is on an Ipad.
Live DJ is there spinning and the atmosphere is very cool, lively, and trendy.
Want to go back to try the food-I think it's sushi.

This is the new hot spot at the Encore.
Really beautiful setting and incredible food.
I have no issues with this restaurant.
I went there on a Thursday and there was a local special which is $7 food and drink items!
I ate with a friend and we had amazing food and drinks for $35 at an upscale restaurant.
I am also going again this Thursday!
They had a dj and this is something that stuck out to me because most restaurants wouldn't dare try this.
The DJ played 80's, funk, and soul.
I go out a decent amount and I kept saying oh I love this song I love that song!
It is a really cool atmosphere when you can add some music without being intrusive.
I think the dj added something great to this place.
The decor is outstanding!
There are eyes that change colors on a giant screen when you walk in.
There are tear drop lights throughout the restaurant and my goodness the chairs were so comfortable I didn't want to get up.
It could have been all the yellowtail or dim sum that I ate haha!
I give this restaurant 5 stars.

We got set up for a comp dinner and it was great!
We had a ton of girls, I guess the more the merrier, but we didn't know half of them and next time I would personally prefer a little smaller group with just us closer girlfriends but it was still a really fun time!
We had some edamame, spicy shisito peppers, spicy tuna rolls, some kind of house salad, veggie friend rice and giant prawns!
Everything was very tasty, but I wish we had gotten more!
We also had some kind of Patron punch bowl and I typically stay FAR FAR away from Patron but I indulged and pretty much got wasted!
It was super fun though!
Also, when I checked in an offer popped up for Locals - you can get an Andrea's discount card, 30% off all drinks anytime (except on top of another special).
Good deal since drinks are rather spendy.
I tried the White Sangria and it was DELISH!!
I am looking forward to doing another dinner there sometime in the near future!

Of course I have to review this place since they have such an awesome name.
We had a group dinner for 8 on a Friday night.
The food was fresh, really tasty sushi, miso, drinks, etc.
No complaints.
Atmosphere was really beautiful, as is the rest of the Wynn.
Andrea's had a very 60's Vegas feel yet updated and modern.
Great service, just a great experience from beginning to end.
Loved people watching, despite my husband being very distracted by a likely 21 year old with her boobs literally "sitting" on the table next to us.
Great night with great friends!

We really enjoyed it here.
Beautiful decor, very attentive staff, nicely timed meal.
Lettuce cup appetizer was good, not great.
Spicy tuna roll was good, yellowtail roll was great.
3 piece dessert was excellent.
We had a great time and would go back.
DJ added a lot to the ambiance, played to the crowd.

The service is great and the environment is nice.
The vegan options weren't that great and it was very pricey for what you get.

The Not-so-little plates are perfect.
Quality food at a fare price.
Service is excellent.
We had our best meal at Andrea's - on our 3 day, 2 night eating escapade.
For details on dishes and pictures; google Andrea's at the Encore solittlethyme

2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #6  Let me start this review by stating that we came here one evening for one thing and one thing only...to try their Mixed Berry Shave Ice.
5 Stars for excellent service and cool ambiance.
We didn't have any drinks or food at Andrea's so keep in mind that this review is only for their dessert and service.
Amanda M. recommended Andrea's for one of our challenges because their Mixed Berry Shave Ice had similar ingredients to Halo-Halo.
That being said, we were also open to putting a little twist to our Halo-Halo madness.
There's two sides of this review.
You got my thoughts on the Mixed Berry Shave Ice and you got Terri's.
For me, this dessert gets 5 stars for presentation alone.
What you have is a concoction of raspberries, strawberries, nata de coco, lychee's, white beans, condensed milk, lemon sorbet, and shave ice.
The only ingredients similar to Halo-Halo was the condensed milk, white beans, nata de coco, and lychee's.
Because I'm allergic to fruits, I had to dodge all the good stuff in order to taste this.
I thought it was pretty good.
You initially taste the sweetness, followed by the texture, and lastly hit with the tang of the sorbet in it.
We were also treated with 3 cones of sorbet (Blood Orange Ginger, Sake Cherry, and Chocolate Chili), which was thoughtful and appreciative.
Terri is one of the lucky souls out there that isn't allergic to fruits.
She thought that the ambiance of this place, the presentation of the dessert, the amount of the servings, and the overall taste was pretty good as well.
She also points out that compared to Halo-Halo, missing was the ube and flan.
I concur.
This dessert cost $21, which is about 4 times what Halo-Halo cost at most of the Flip joint out there.
But it's also big enough to serve two.
Terri's thoughts..."definitely an exorbitant indulgence that goes along with the price point for a place like Andrea's, but expensive for most".
Overall, this Halo-Halo hybrid was worth the try because we only live once.
Halo-Halo Challenge #6 done!!!
PS:  I couldn't give this place any less than 4 stars because I didn't try their food.
The menu looked appealing and not everything on the menu was over the top.
I may come back just to try their sushi.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE: Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA Contender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw

Freaking YUM!!!
We ventured to Andrea's last weekend while in Vegas.
We had been to the old SWITCH so were interested to see what they had done with the place.
SOOOO much better than SWITCH.
The restaurant and bar itself is gorgeous.
I am not a fan of everything white typically as it reminds me of Florida or my Grandma's house, however, this mostly white theme was done tastefully.
We opted to eat at the bar as we normally do even though we had reservations (I would probably suggest reservations as it was pretty packed).
The bartenders were super friendly and accomodating even though they were obviously slammed.
I honestly can't recall the names of what we had, but we had a few things to share and everything was sooooo good!
However, we probably ingested a little too much tempura as we felt SOOOO full for a good 2 hours after leaving, but quite happy.
We will definitely return to Andrea's on our next visit and will be sure to stay late to check out the DJ and the later crowd!!

Came here on a Monday night with 5 other of my friends.
I really like the set up of the place and the ambiance.
They had a DJ playing in the corner which was really unique and he played some good tunes.
We made reservations so it didn't take us long to get seated.
The seats are pretty different but comfortable!
They have a really cool IPAD that shows you all the drink choices, their ingredients and pictures.
We all ordered kind of family style with some appetizers and everything was delicious.
Really liked the sliders, and the spicy wok fried chicken.
The service was great and they were very good at constantly refilling out drinks.
Overall a great addition to restaurants in Vegas!

Came here on a Wednesday night with my boyfriend.
It was our first night in Vegas.
It was a great way to kickoff our Vegas trip.
We made a reservation so we didn't have to wait.
We had a VIP table which was a very private booth.
Food and drinks were amazing!
We were given iPads to order drinks from.
We started with the edamame and the bigeye tuna and crispy rice.
Both were delicious!
For our entrees we had the crab fried rice, shrimp tempura & spicy tuna, and the special cucumber roll.
Everything was fresh and tasty!
Only negative, we kinda felt like they were rushing us out to turnover our table.
Would highly recommend it to anyone staying at the Wynn or Encore.
If you are going to eat at one place while staying there, Andrea's is the place!

WOW!!!
By far one of the best dinners I have had in quite some time.
The hosts were polite and our wait staff impeccable.
The food and drinks were brought out on time and everything my picky bunch of foodies ordered was top notch!
I would highly recommend sharing the big punch bowls - so much fun and delicious.
The 80s music went over very well.
I would go back to Vegas just to eat here.

Stayed at Encore.
Andrea's was the best meal on our trip.
The service and the food were the best.
The rock shrimp tempura and the mango avocado and tuna roll were delicious, and the strip steak with wasabi Demi glaze was also very good.
Definitely coming back !

Best meal we had on a recent trip to Vegas that included some pretty decent places.
Made a reservation the morning of, and when we arrived found a private "VIP" booth ready for us, with a set of customized chopsticks on each plate with our names on them!
Vegas is the place for gimmicks but the meal backed up this personal touch.
Had several great "fusion" appetizers, and lots of Nigiri sushi that was very good (4.5 star level).
Wine list was iPad based and decent but not overwhelming.
Service was very attentive and our server was clearly well schooled in "foodie speak" to make sure we got as much information as possible on the menu items.
Well worth a trip to the Wynn if you are not staying there (we did not on this trip but plan to in the future).
Price is on the high end, even for Vegas so be prepared for that!

The Wynn hates babies!
As you enter a sign reads for the safety of our guest no strollers are allowed!
I'm pretty sure that babies   are safer in strollers than being carried when it's a lot easier to drop them.
Then when we tried eating at Andrea's they refused us service due to bringing our 8 moth old son!
Pure age discrimination if I have ever seen it.
Not only that there was not a sole customer in the entire restaurant and our baby was sleeping and even then they refused us!
We tried to get take out but after looking for a place to eat it all the policies prohibit eating their food anywhere on the premises.
The manager Roy suggested that we eat at one of their casual restaurants but when we tried to go to Red8 .
As we walked up the hostess very rudely said no strollers and again we were denied service due to having a baby.
I ask her very nicely what we were supposed to do with our sleeping baby and she repeated the phrase "NO Strollers"  At this point my wife was in tears and stormed away.
I can't believe they treat babies this way.

"Outstanding Food and Service"  The food was out of this world.
The service was outstanding and the drinks were excellent.
Definitely will return.
Visited July 2013

So glad I got to try this place!
Really fun, pan-Asian menu.
The cocktail/wine list was great, not to mention it was presented on an iPad.
The decor was incredible, super sexy.
Request one of the booths if you can.
Fantastic service.

What a great place!
I love the Lucky 7's menu for dinner.
It's a Thursday night special for locals (take your ID).
Order the Waygu sliders, wok-fried  broccoli, and Hamachi!
I love the little crispy pieces of garlic!
Not only is the food amazing, but the atmosphere is too!
Like a mad-men type of a feel.
They also have awesome live DJs!
They have nights with famous DJ's playing sets, too!
If you are lucky, you might even see someone famous!!
Plus, you can see people partying in Encore Beach Club and surrender while you dine!
Follow them on twitter to keep up to date on food specials (they always update their menu), and special occasions.
The other night they had "Ladies love cake" where girls got free cake, champagne,  cake flavored vodka.
Yummy!
GO THERE!!!!!!!

I loved the food.
The service was good, bordering on excellent but not quite due to timing (especially on a not busy night).
Asian-influenced but still somewhat Americanized (in a good way) restaurant.
Great bar, Vdka, right outside the door.
I really loved the alcove we had to ourselves during dinner (walls on the three immediate sides of the table, open only on one side to the rest of the restaurant).
Every dish was lovely and cooked properly, well-seasoned.
I have been to Vegas several times, and this great date night aimed well with its restaurant.
Loved it.

Ate here on a Thursday night last week.
My friends & I were at the Wynn pool and were approached by a promoter (very friendly young woman - I think her name was Erica) who was recruiting guests for a special promotion for the restaurant and the nightclub next to Andrea's (Surrender).
It involved Andrea's 7-7-7 deal (special menu of a cocktail, appetizer, and entree, all for $7 each) as well as a free drink ticket for a glass of champagne and a pass to Surrender that included an open bar (vodka & tequila).
We skipped the Surrender part of the deal because as it was our last night in Vegas & none of us wanted to be hungover the next day (I have officially entered the 1-2 day long hangover age - I can't recover from hangovers as quickly as I used to!
Gah!).
We thought the 7-7-7 deal was too good to be true, especially for a swanky place like Andrea's.
And we figured out the catch: (1) We arrived at our appointed time, but were met with some confusion over where to place us or where we could wait (2-3 different people told us different things).
But that's ok, it got cleared up within 10 minutes.
Totally forgiveable.
(2) The appetizer and entree portions were not too big.
The menu also included an optional list of entrees that can be added on for an incremental cost.
A-HA!!
We knew it was too good to be true!
But seriously, overall it was not a huge problem at all, it was still a decent deal in general, so we bit - and did enjoy most of the food we got.
Going back to the portion size not being too big: I expected that since this is a very trendy & upscale restaurant at the Encore.
Also, since I was wearing a tight dress, maybe it was better that we ate small - any more and I would've had to stop breathing!
I had: - Espresso Martini (it was good but a little too much espresso-taste) - Shrimp & Pork Shumai (these were not very good actually - kind of fatty and squishy) - Spicy Tuna Roll (pretty good) - 1 of my friends & I shared the Wok-Fried Chicken (YUM!!
) and the Lobster Fried Rice (Also YUM!!
)  Ambience was swanky and chic, lighting was on the dark/dim side.
Noise level was average for a Vegas restaurant: Not too loud, but not super quiet either.
We shouted over each other once or twice, but not the whole night.
Our server and the hostesses were very nice and friendly, very accommodating.
Our server was also very helpful and always around when we needed her, and she also popped by to check on us periodically without overdoing it.
I hope she liked her tip because we left her a decent one!
Very nice place, I would like to check out the full menu next time as most of the food was delicious.

Bye far some of the best dinning in Las Vegas!
Super Cool and hip place with awesome food!

This place is absolutely amazing.
First, have a drink at the bar.
The bar is a great place for photos right below Wynn's wife's eyes.
Very cool art scene.
I had the Red Velvet Martini and it was so delish, I dream about it.
The waiter was super nice and gave us chopsticks that said Happy Anniversary:) Everything we ordered was superb, sushi, rice, steak, etc.
Cool vibe, we were told if we came back later we could get into the club for free.
I can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas.
I'm counting the days.
Please don't complain about the piece, you are in Vegas, in the Wynn and on vacation.
Live it up!

The Good -  1.
Nice space 2.
Great service 3.
Miso black cod, crispy noodles, shishito peppers (so chic right now), tuna tatake and the best sake I've tasted  The Bad -  1.
Standard sushi rolls are great, but the specialty rolls are pretty awful (and pricey) 2.
Drink menu on the iPad is trying a little too hard 3.
Prices are a little on the steep side considering Andrea's still falls short of Nobu 4.
The name.
Andrea's for an Asian fusion spot??
Come on.

One of the sexist decors I've ever seen!!
The eyes behind the bar seduce me!
Oh and their sushi was delicious.
Try it!!

Nice job Mr. Wynn.
A great place for good, creative union of Japanese and Chinese.
Delectable flavours supported by impeccable service and fine music.
The sashimi, lobster and various table shares were outstanding.
WOW!!

Restaurant Week Meal #3 (Dinner for $50.13): Appetizer: Heirloom Tomato Salad-Kaiware, Crispy Shallots, Pickled Ginger Vinaigrette OR Hamachi Sashimi, Pickled Cherry Peppers, Crispy Garlic, Cilantro, Sudachi Soy OR Pan Seared Chicken Potstickers, Sambal   Entree: Stir Fried Vegetables with Crispy Noodles OR Pan Seared Salmon, Summer Vegetables, Nuoc Cham OR Jidori Chicken Breast, Tomato, Okra, Garlic, Lemon Broth OR 7oz Filet Mignon w/ Sudachi Hollandaise  Dessert: Ice Cream Cone Trio OR Cake Pop Trio  I got an invitation from Amanda M to join her and a few Yelpers to eat here for Restaurant Week.
I'm glad I went as I enoyed the food and the company of Christie O, Michele H, Lisa R and hubby, Kevin P and of course, Amanda M and hubby.
Christie got me a Red Velvet Chocolate Martini since we got there early - it was absolutely delicious!
The martini glass rim had freeze-dried raspberries - the absolute "Cathy drink" since I'm chocoholic.
Christie made a friend out of the bartender, Omar who's very knowledgeable about vodka.
As soon as everyone else arrived and I was about done admiring the modern elegance of the restaurant, we got seated.
I got the hamachi sashimi, filet mignon and the cake pop trio.
Hamachi Sashimi: Thinly-sliced fresh hamachi in ponzu with crispy garlic, cilantro and pickled cherry peppers on top.
So yummy!
The garlic is quite pronounced...and I love garlic!
4/5  Filet Mignon: 7oz filet with sudachi hollandaise.
Very tender...cooked medium-rare as always although the picture came out looking like it was cooked well-done.
Comes with potatoes.
The hollandaise was delicious with a hint of citrus.
4/5  Ice Cream Trio: Sake cherry, chocolate and honey pistachio.
I could've picked the cake pop trio since I'm lactose intolerant but I've never been a big fan of those.
The ice cream trio was amazing sans the stomach ache.
I enjoyed all 3 flavors.
I saved chocolate for last - it was spicy and had a very mild hint of cinnamon.
5/5  Excellent service from the hostess, bartender and our server.

ok i keep going back and forth 3 or 4 stars so lets say 3.5 i went with a group of yelpers for restaurant week and I'm definitely glad I did.
the place is beautiful with great ambiance.
All the lines of the place are clean cut and it is quite the trendy decor.
They have good music playing and we got good entertainment speculating on the couple next to us we claim were on their first date...lol.....people watching was great!
The service was excellent as they kept our water glasses full and were attentive to what we asked for.
They answered questions and worked well together as a team.
For the appetizer I got the chicken potstickers, and they were good and light and the dipping sauce had a kick but wasn't overly spicy.
Definitely needed the dipping sauce though for flavor.
Next I got the filet with the hollandaise on the side.
It came with potatoes on the side as well.
Now the meat was cooked well and tender but needed more seasoning so definitely had to use the hollandaise sauce.
I like my filets and usually I can eat them without the sauce and be quite satisfied.
Next came the ice cream trio.
I had coconut yogurt, sake cherry and pistachio honey.
I traded the yogurt with Christie O. for her red velvet cake pop.
The sake cherry was the best of the bunch but I love pistachio usually.
Thanks Christie for trading though as I usually am not a cake pop fan and this place makes them great!
Everyone at the table got different flavors though and as far as I knew we didn't get a choice.
I didn't drink as I was going straight to work but the drinks did look fabulous.
I did like this place and would recommend it, the fried rice varieties at the table did look great and the salmon on ice presentation looked great and I would like to try to that too.
So I would go back and get the regular menu items.
Thanks for a great evening and the invite; thanks to Amanda and her husband, Cathy, Eric and Lisa, Christie and Kevin.
First fall restaurant week 2013 was definitely fun!

Came here with our best friends to celebrate both couples' anniversaries and a couple of birthdays.
Hubby had made reservations and the hostess who took our reservation really delivered.
We got seated in one of the private booths which was perfect.
It was a Friday night, so the main dining area was pretty rowdy at 9:15pm.
The music was pumping and lots of fun, but had we not been in the booth we wouldn't have been able to converse at all.
The cocktail menu is on an Ipad, so it was a interactive start to a fun evening.
Our server was really attentive, and the only issue we had was that some of our orders didn't make it to the table at the same time (the side of rice and the shumai were tardy) but everything tasted delicious!
My Miso Black Cod was SPECTACULAR.
Seriously silky and luxurious and a fairly large portion.
I was surprised that it was truly a la carte, so the described accompaniments were more garnish than side.
We ordered the charred asparagus for the table - topped with lemon preserve which made it all really interesting!
Everyone loved what they ordered.
In my humble opinion, while the sushi was excellent  and of superior quality, if you can get amazing sushi locally for less dinero (as we can at Azuki and Sushi Ota) then I'd recommend you order the Black Cod - something you cannot find everywhere.
It was to die for!
Dessert was whimsical:  we ordered the ice cream minis - such clean flavors.
My fave was the white chocolate cardamon.

Andrea's at 1st glance was a little bit too dim for my taste.
Needed maybe a little brighter lights.
Although the ambiance was chill and romantic for me and my guy.
We went it late at a Fri night 8/24 since we were juz arrived in Vegas that night.
So we had to order in the late night menu.
The sushi rolls we got were pretty amazing, the cocktails -- sinatra smash and my passion fruit mocktail though i added patron tequila tasted so delish.
Our servers were great and very friendly.
One the most stood for me, Christopher, because he recommended which clubs to go and the best nights when to go and suggested foods that would go great with our drinks.
He was super friendly.
I would go back again..

I think I found my new after work hours hangout.
The service was so exceptional that the food and specialty cocktails tasted that much better.
Try the orange blossom.
Tasted like your creamsicle from your childhood.
The atmosphere was sleek, modern, yet fun and upbeat.
It's so inviting that you won't want to leave.
Why would you when Surrender is just next door.
Wait That's another review.

I was so disappointed.
Went here with a party of 9 on a Friday night.
Environment:  Andrea's is very hip.
They had a dj playing in the corner, great music.
Nicely decorated.
Music was a little loud, difficult conversation for nine.
Service:  Service was slow.
They didn't have enough menus for everyone.
I am however giving 1 star for the fact that they did separate checks which as a one time server, I know is a total pain.
Food:  Had edamame app, and smoked salmon app.
Both of these were decent.
The edamame had truffle salt, which was pretty amazing.
I had the filet for dinner was was THE WORST FILET I'VE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!
It was awful.
It was so dry, and no flavor.
It was like beef bubble gum.
Others had the miso cod, an noodles which companions said was pretty good... but a $60 filet.. and it was horrible.. so disappointing.
The last kicker was, we had purchased tickets from the hotel concierge to go to Surrender, and the concierge also made reservations for us to go to Andreas.
What they didn't mention is if you eat at Andrea's you have a direct entrance into Surrender, we didn't even need the tickets and now they won't refund.
I guess that is more of a complaint for the hotel in general - but still bad none the less.
Maybe this place would be better for drinks and apps at the bar, but I would not recommend it for dinner.

The description of "hip Asian dining" rest holds true to the experience.
The decor is very modern & hip & edgy.
We were greeted promptly for our 6:30 reservation.
The service was impeccable from the time we walked into the venue until we walked out.
The 9oz filet mignon, wok fried spicy chicken & vegetable fried rice were all yummy.
Also the chicken potstickers that we had as an appetizer was cooked to perfection.
I would recommend this restaurant for anyone visiting the Wynn hotel or as a place to dine prior to seeing Le Reve the dream.

My wife and I were in Vegas and I wanted to take her somewhere nice.
after browsing yelp I found Andreas.
It was more a joke because her name is Andrea so I thought it would be a fun twist.
We made reservations and were promptly seated.
Our waiter Christopher was extremely friendly and helpful.
After taking our drink orders that was the last time he came back to us.
The rest of the night we were juggled between three other waiters.
It felt a bit odd.
I had the sea bass.
My first time ever eating it.
It was nothing short of amazing.
Best fish I've ever eaten.
My wife had pad Thai which she didn't finish.
It was a large portion.
It was so expensive that I wish she hasn't eaten more.
The sushi we had was like most sushi.
Not bad at all, just normal.
The only thing keeping me from 5 stars was the slow service from our three different waiters.

Good food, sexy atmosphere, fun cocktail menu on an iPad but what really stands out here is the service!
I felt like a queen throughout my entire dining experience, and for that reason alone, I will be back and I will refer friends and family!

Awesome restaurant.
Food was terrific.
The best cappuccino iv ever had on top of it .
I would give it 5 stars but the check process took 30min.
Atmosphere is great.
Very attractive people around.

Really enjoyed my experience here.
Tapas style menu allowed our group to choose a wide variety of selections and try them all.
Kobe sliders were amazing, lettuce cups, and potstickers were good too.
Swanky and lively atmosphere was a great way to start the evening and get us in the mood to go out.
Andrea is Steve Wynn's wife and it's her gorgeous eyes that are featured on the wall and menus.
The service was very good and I'll surely be back!

They have Ramen Burger here.
Not affiliated with the original New York guys, but if you've been craving some ramen burger, ask for it.
It's not on the menu.
I dined there as soon as they opened at 6pm, it was empty.
An hour later when I finished, they were about 4 other parties in the dining area and two ladies sitting at the bar.
If you ever took a taxi ride in Vegas, you're probably impressed by the "eyes".
It's not something particular interesting, but it does stand out.
If you randomly end up in this place, you'll be like "oh that's the restaurant with the 'eyes' that Steve Wynn was bragging about.
They claim to be the first Asian restaurant to combine bar and restaurant together.
I'm not sure if that's true, but I do know it's not the best restaurant with a bar.
I'd think if they tried to put a bar and a restaurant together, they'd want to do it seamlessly.
To me, the bar is really isolated from the main dining area.
Maybe they don't want the drunk/over-social bar patrons to disturb their dinner guests, but it could be executed better.
Service at Andrea's is really good and professional.
Many cute guys are working there.
I kinda wish my waiter wasn't like a robot and lacked personality.
As for the food, I really can't say I liked it.
The ramen burger I had (2 for $18) needed more flavors on ramen.
It was my first time trying ramen burger, so I really didn't know what to expect, but one thing that could be said is that their ramen doesn't pair well with the meat patty, not in the way the ramen is (not) cooked.
(no flavor) I was also disappointed when I found out the ramen used was probably made from fried ramen you can buy at a 99-cent store.
They were all sticking together after I took a bite instead of breaking into a million pieces, good job chefs!

I came here for my birthday with my fiancé  and it was amazing!
We over ordered as usual but glad we did so we were able to try a little of everything.
We had the sliders which were juicy and meat cooked perfectly.
The rock shrimp were to die for with a sweet and sour taste.
We tried the duck Lo mein and the scallop garlic noodles.
The garlic noodles were better.
The duck Lo mein had a bit too much sesame oil which made it a tad bitter.
We also order the miso cod which is always wonderful anytime we order it from an Asian fusion restaurant.
Andreas didn't disappoint.
Lastly we had a soft shell crab roll and a rainbow roll which was fresh and great too, but we were too full to fully appreciate the rolls.
We had 4 cocktails and our bill totaled $384, of which $70 was the tip.
I look forward to coming here again soon.

Very hip cool experience and the food was good to.
We had the scallops, brussel sprouts, rainbow roll, and some overpriced mango drink.
We were told we were the first to purchase it because it was its debut night; its too sweet for my taste and the price is crazy (20+) this is a great place for parties because its overall coolness and good food but to be honest its decor is so cool I think it made the food taste better

Great food but expect service to be below average at best.
Considering the price, this is unacceptable.
Long waits for order taking and drinks on a night (Saturday) which should not have been overwhelming.
Manager (female) didn't seem to care once I brought to her attention.
Mr. Wynn should likely care.
Concept is good but poor service will be the evident short-coming for success of this restaurant.
Try at your own risk.

We ate at Andrea's on recent trip to Las Vegas where we were staying at the Wynn right next door so it was an easy walk down the hall over to Encore.
We had a private booth with chain like curtain to draw for more privacy if we wanted that.
We started with cocktails and they made great drinks.
Armando was the mixologist that was tending the bar this evening and I gave him my specific instructions for my cocktail which he executed perfectly.
Our server was very helpful in guiding us through the menu seeing it was our first time there.
Every dish we had was delicious, one of our favorites was seared scallop with sautéed pork belly and it was delicious!
We had a lovely evening and made another reservation to return 3 nights later for a repeat performance.
Our server was friendly, polished, professional and really knowledgeable about their various dishes.
It wasn't inexpensive, but the quality was there to justify it!

Really excellent service.
Lots of variety on the menu.
I had the pan fried noodles ...
Which isn't exactly fine dining, but I was happy they had it.
The decor is modern and low lit with neutral white colors and warmth.
Doesn't look like your standard Asian restaurant, but the food stacks up well.
Would definitely come back.

I really like this place, mostly for the interiors.
It's a nice place to go when you are dolled up.
The aphrodisiac cocktail tastes amazing and fruity.
Be sure you have a large party to share it with.
I really enjoyed the scallop sashimi.
There was a dessert that looked like a mountain which they light up in flames.
They happened to sell out, so I will need to try it next time!
Service could have been more attentive.

Perfection!!!
by far the best services ever.
Great food and Great ambiance.
They even honored a coupon we had for locals.
Even though we were just visitors..

Great service very reasonable prices.
The food was amazing.
One thing I did not understand, they do not give you an itemized receipt you have to ask for it.
They can charge whatever desire.
The cocktails were amazing.
We took our servers suggestion and ordered the bar mans special, the cocktail was very good.
When I checked in on Yelp it gave a 30% off on the cocktails for locals, but surely the manager accommodated us with the 30% off on all the cocktails we had.
I can say they were very nice and tasty.

After eating a lifetime's worth of overpriced, underwhelming Strip food over the past couple of weeks, I've grown to be very cynical about the food on the Strip in general, so I wasn't expecting much when I sat down for dinner at Andrea's.
I ended up ordering the stir-fry shrimp course along with a side of smashed potatoes.
I have to say that the food was outstanding!
Andrea's is expensive, but unlike many pricey restaurants on the Strip, they delivered top quality.
I left impressed and would recommend the restaurant highly based on my experience there.

Oh man!
What an experience!
The service was on point.
The waiter was amazing and fun.
The place is beautiful and hip.
The dishes were heaven.
I came to celebrate my graduation here the night before commencement.
As a first timer, I was just in awe.
With Andrea's eyes being the focal point of the joint, I found it kind of fun that they threw in this Andy Warhol vibe to her eyes.
The restaurant was designed to appreciate beautiful women.
With it's soft neutral colors to appeal to the taste of women, you can be sure to really see that pop.
They also play fun hip music for you to get into that pregame party mode.
To enhance a more interactive and hip experience you can flip through their alcoholic beverage selections through their fun ipad menu.
I admire their attention to detail and their ongoing efforts to make you feel special.
With advanced notice of the occasion, they went ahead and customized our chopsticks with a nice announcement of my accomplishment.
A cool secret tip: you can order a customized cake from the Wynn bakery in which it can be delivered and sent to your table during your dinner.
All you have to do is request one.
They'll even special design it for you.
The goods: Bringing Sexy Back Cocktail (Punch Bowl): this is normally made as a standard cocktail but per request they were able to make it into the size of the fish bowl.
It's made with cucumber, blood orange liquor, lime juice, rock candy syrup, and their special cucumber soda.
Oh...this punch bowl is served in this fun big sassy bowl with fun straws, and is big enough to share.
Surely instagram worthy too!
Rock shrimp tempura: sweet and crunchy.
A good recommendation.
Smoked Wagyu Beeft Tataki: It has pnzu, ginger, and green onion.
It accompanies a nice table side presentation in which it is served with the smoke trapped inside a glass funnel and then released once served.
It looks like smog released in a club.
A smoke party.
The presentation is just as good as the sliced beef tataki.
Fresh and smoky.
Shrimp Tempura and Spicy Tuna: one of their popular rolls  Saikyo Miso Black Cod: also known as butter fish.
IS A MUST!
You'll never feel the same way about cod ever again.
It was fatty, sweet, soft, and melted in your mouth like buttah.
Sliced prime NY strip: 16 ounces of sizzling steak on a platter.
Sides: chinese sausage and pineapple fried rice with a sunny side up egg, and the pan fried noodles are a good suggestion.
Also recommend the broccoli as a side.
We all ordered these dishes to table share for a party of 5, in which it was all more than enough to fill us all.
The server also suggests to order the volcano chocolate cake due to taste and table presentation.
As per the suggestion to the server, I second his recommendation by ordering to share with the group.
It provides more variety and assortment when tasting dishes, and it makes it more fun.
I was so happy to see that they also served filipino food!
I never knew that Krispy Pata and Pancit can be served in a fine dining restaurant.
Expect to spend an average of $100 - 150 per person, including cocktails, tip, and tax.
I cant wait to go back again!

This place was amazing from beginning to end.
Even though we were twenty minutes late for our reservation we were whisked right to our table where we selected drinks from an electronic menu.
We had about five people taking care of us, which made it a bit difficult to get to know any one of them, but each was extremely accommodating and knowledgable about the menu.
We started off with some delicious sashimi which was flavorful, but I'm not sure worth $20.
The shrimp and pork shumai dim sum were excellent.
So were the drinks, which although $16 each packed a good amount of booze.
But the real stars were the main course.
I got seared diver scallops with garlicky noodles while my fiancé ordered the most delicious and perfectly prepared sea bass I've ever tasted.
I almost wanted to switch!
Only downside was the sea bass didn't come with any sides.
Small price to pay for a nicely sized slice of heaven.
The waiter didn't judge either when we ordered an espresso martini to share in lieu of their $21-$48 dollar desserts.
Not only this but she personally walked us over to Surrender, a nice outdoorsy nightclub that would have set us back about 50 smackers in admission.
You won't be disappointed by the service and quality here.

Come here during their HAPPY HOUR / Lucky 7 Menu!!!
(I am unsure of when they offer this menu or if it's all the time)  This is an example of why:  Shrimp and Pork Shumai ($7 HH).
These were very good, super juicy and flavorful!
I'd CRY paying $13 for these though at normal prices!
Good, but not noticeably better than anything in Chinatown for 1/4 of the price.
Shishito Peppers ($7 HH) with Mustard Miso.
This was surprisingly SPICY!
It was delicious though, and the portion was pretty large.
Recommended :)  Hamachi Sashimi ($12 HH): Crispy Garlic, Pickled Cherry Pepper, Cilantro & Sudachi Soy.
This was very good!
Fresh, tender yellowtail sitting in a light soy with a bit of crunch from the garlic and pepper combination.
Yum!
I think this is a $20 plate during normal prices.
16oz Sliced Prime NY Strip ($58): Wasabi Demi-Glace.
This was pretty tasty, surprisingly FATTY, but tender and edible fats.
The demi-glace was not spicy at all, but had a good flavor to it.
I found the sauce to be slightly overpowering but still good...at the price though, you are in the steakhouse category and can find considerably better quality/taste at that mark.
Fried Smashed Potatoes ($12): Thai Curry Aïoli.
THESE WERE AWESOME.
Twice fried potatoes with a nice crispy texture, and the thai curry aioli was super flavorful!
The combination was exciting!
Funny to think that this side dish would actually be the HIGHLIGHT of my meal :P  And to finish, we got hooked up with some gelato!
Banana with Shortbread Crunch, Creme Fraiche with Sake-Infused Cherries, and Honey Pistachio.
I LOVE ice cream cones, and these were yummy bites.
Honestly, the only thing I can complain about is PRICE.
The atmosphere, service, and food were all pretty good.
Check it out if you are in the Wynn :)

Whether you're a local or in town looking for great food & a good vibe, Andrea's is the place to be.
I'm a local myself & I've been here on three different occasions & I can't get enough!
I did my usual check in & I squealed when I received a coupon for 30% off drinks for vegas locals!
The staff was happy to honor my discount :)  This review is a combination of my last two visits!
I headed to the bar since I was early for the reservation.
I always go straight to the signature cocktails.
I ordered The Lulu, which was awesome!
It wasn't busy at the bar but it took quite a while for my card to be taken to swipe.
Me & my girlfriends got a booth like we requested.
They are very intimate & fit up to four people.
I got the same server, Kyle as I did on my last visit.
He recognized me which is always cool.
Best server award goes to him!
He gives so much detail about the menu & how to go about ordering.
Family style is whats recommended & it is the best idea.
Everything is shared at the table & everyone gets to try all the items.
Through each section he pointed out some popular items & we ordered ALL of them!
The items we ordered were the Rock Shrimp Tempura, "Smoked" Wagyu Beef Tataki (my absolute favorite & the presentation is the best), Saikyo Miso Black Cod (wow!
), Sliced Prime New York Strip, Crispy Broccoli, Shrimp Tempura + Spicy Tuna roll (8 pieces).
We also ordered other items like Tuna Tataki Salad, Shrimp Pad Thai, Chinese Sausage + Pineapple Fried Rice, Crab Fried Rice, & the Duck Confit Lo Mein which were all great as well.
I ordered the Asian Pear from the cocktail list.
It's a woman's drink for sure!
I hope it was in your game plan to save room for dessert cause you would be missing out if you didn't!
Flaming Mt.
Fuji!
It's large, it's chocolatey & it's on fire!
The four of us girls couldn't finish it of course.
It's such a fun dessert to share with your friends.
Devil's food cake & mousse inside with a toasted marshmallow outside that they pour Bacardi 151 over & light up!
To accompany my dessert, I ordered an Espresso Martini.
So far, the best one yet.
Andrea's is a good time.
The room is beautiful, the staff is on point, the service is outstanding & the food is phenomenal.
It's the perfect place to get the night started before heading out to the Wynn or Encore's best nightclubs.

Absolutely amazing.
iPad cocktail menu is visually pleasing and easy to use.
Drinks are mouth-watering good.
Tuna with crispy rice was by far my favorite appetizer.
Wagyu sliders were amazing, but the bread kind of threw me off.
They used a sweet doughy hamburger bun rather than a brioche bun.
The sushi rolls were good.
I regret not getting the pad thai and the crab fried rice.
Dessert was delish and well presented.
The five stars is due to the stunning decor, chic ambiance, cocktails galore, superb service, and delectable food.
Will definitely return and recommend.

My boss, Mr. Sterling invited his executive team to dine with him at Andrea's.
I'm Mr. Sterling's personal assistant and where he goes I go.
It was a late Sunday night and we did not have a reservation, but the management saw to it that Mr. Sterling was taken care of.
Within minutes eleven gentlemen were quickly seated and the service began.
Not wanting to overwhelm the staff as that many chaps can be a bit much to contend with I allowed the waiter to have the chef choose our meals.
I said "Just bring plates of your best dishes out and I will tell you when to stop.
" The flawless wait staff continually had our needs met.
The wine selection was incredible, with many hard to find wines listed for excellent prices.
After at least 10 plates of food and that many bottles of wine I informed the waiter (sorry, I cannot remember his name) that Mr. Sterling would like something special for dessert and again Andrea's did not disappoint when the 'Flaming Mt.
Fuji Devil's Food Cake' arrived and sent all of us over the top.
I dine in the best rated restaurants all over the world as my boss demands such world class service and Andrea's is up there with the best.
The next time our team is in Las Vegas, Mr. Sterling discussed with me to call and let Andrea's know that we will be dining with them again.
Bravo to a very excellent evening of delightful fare.

Good vibe & lively on a Wednesday night - a hip Vintner Grill of sorts.
Mrs. Wynn's ever-present glowing embers burn into the soul, as they celebrate the deadly sin of vanity.
World renowned DJ Steve Angello (Swedish House Mafia) had put together a fantastic collection of old school rock mixed in with progressive house tunes.
The mocktail was good - gingery & refreshing.
Best to stick with the appetizers aka 'table shares,' which were truly delicious.
The entrees (gulf shrimp, sea bass, salmon sushi, and crispy noodles) were a bit 'meh.
' Cake pops were too sweet but fun to look at.
The food took its time but at least the server had Channing Tatum's good looks.
Tip: if you get a table at Andrea's (Aan-dray-aaz), you can skip the line & entry charges for Surrender Nightclub.

I'm in love with the atmosphere in this Restaurant.
The white decor is just breathtaking and makes you feel like royalty.
The staff is incredibly attentive and ready serve your every need.
It wasn't very busy at the time we went so I couldn't really describe my experience as fun but the food was delicious and I was with good company so I had a lovely time.
I will definitely be back to dine at Andreas again.

We were at they Wynn for a week long conference and decided to have our team dinner at Andrea's.
Its located inside the Encore and is considered a Fine Dining place.
We walked to the restaurant and they immediately seated us.
The ambiance is amazing, and the service is top notch.
Their menu is very vegetarian friendly.
They are flexible enough to substitute meat with any veggies.
In addition, they have a vegetarian section in their menu that includes sushi rolls, entrees, and sides.
I ordered the following: - Steamed Edamame - Crispy Pan Fried Noodles: I asked them to remove the chicken, and they were very willing.
The noodles were delicious.
- My co-worker order the vegetarian sushi rolls (cucumber, and avocado/asparagus): The sushi rolls were amazing.
I think I liked them more than my noodles.
- For dessert, we ordered a trio ice-cream combo, where we could choose three flavors from a list of 10.
It was delicious.
I would have loved to try other things on their menu, but I just wasn't that hungry.
I would love to go back and try the other vegetarian options on the menu.
Our server was very attentive, and ensured we were well taken care of.
Overall, a great team dinner and a great evening.

We are here for the Magic/Project Show and went to Andrea's for dinner last night!
The ambiance is amazing!
Great lighting, great decor, and amazing music!
The service is beyond good!
When we arrived they had chopsticks with our names on it to our surprise!
I asked the waiter to just bring out all of his favorite dishes and he did not disappointed!!!
Every dish that came out was not only beautifully presented but also tasted amazing!
We had sashimi, sushi, hot dishes and probably the best fried rice I have ever tasted!
A must when in Vegas!

Ultra trendy yet not pretentious!
Such a cool vibe, great service and mouth watering food and drink.
This was our second visit to Andrea's and we'll definitely be coming back on our next trip to Vegas.
Love, Love, Loved!

THE saving grace of our strip staycation!
Phenomenal.
Love everything about this place, the food and the service.
I highly recommend the hamachi sashimi and the miso black cod.
We will absolutely be making this a regular place to dine.

Pluses: atmosphere, service, Dim Sum appetizers, dessert Minuses: price tag, entrees  Andrea's is a cool spot with a hip vibe.
There's a DJ spinning chill tunes and lots of pretty people working and eating there.
We had reservations for two at 8:00 and were seated promptly.
The service was attentive and friendly.
We ordered 2 Dim Sum apps: chicken potstickers and shrimp dumplings which were both hot and very good but standard fare.
We picked spicy stir fry chicken and chicken with noodles for our entrees.
Both were around $25 and were only OK.
Nothing different from what you'd get for a 1/3rd of the price at your local Chinese takeout.
For dessert, we had cheesecake balls which were quite yummy.
Overall, it was pretty good but overpriced, but hey, that's Vegas!

Great ambiance

I felt like royalty!
Our night was perfect thanks to staff and food at Andrea's!
They sat us in a beautiful booth.
The food was so fresh and every bite was the "perfect bite.
" It was delish!
We had 3 drinks, an appetizer, two rolls and dessert for a total of $140.00 (not including tip).
That is a steal at Wynn!
Not to mention they escorted us to Surrender no charge, no line.
The staff was exceptional, friendly, and professional!
We will b back!

AMAZING!
We capped a four day conference off with dinner at Andrea's and it was the best way to leave Las Vegas!
After several days of mediocre food and lack luster service dining at Andrea's was a refreshing breath of fresh air!
The food was amazing, the steak in particular which was funny b/c it's an Asian fusion restaurant, the service was so on top of every detail - even our server Moon coming back to our table because we had ordered two very similar rolls to suggest a different roll so that we could get a better variety of food selections.
Can't wait to go back!

Amazing time with the hubby tonight at Andrea's.
They even had my name on my chopsticks!
Great food, drinks and service.
And you have to get the mochi ice cream and cheese cake bites for dessert, wonderful way to finish the night.

This restaurant was amazing!!
I would go back anytime.
The staff was very friendly, the atmosphere was open and fun, and the food was delicious and full of flavor.

I went here on my birthday and had the most AMAZING service and meal.
Chris Smith was my server, talk about ultimate professional.
He even mentioned to the neighboring table, that was celebrating their 25th anniversary that I had moved recently from San Diego and was celebrating my birthday dinner @ Andrea's - we exchanged conversation, and another table baught me a drink.
I am a foodie, and this place offers a great atmosphere as well.
They deserve five stars simply because first impressions make the difference.

Food was amazing, worth every cent.
(although its a lot of cents to eat there) Service the same.
The braised Wagyu short ribs were wonderful.
The cheesecake sampler is very unique and amazing.
Only issue was a huge group of very loud women that came in and was seated behind us and we practically could not have a conversation after that.

I had such a fabulous foodie experience here!
Everything ordered was absolutely delicious!
Ambience is loud and very energetic, but not annoying to the point where you can't hear your date speak.
The service is excellent and very attentive.
I highly recommend this place for either impressing a date or simply looking for delicious food!

Awesome restaurant in the encore hotel (which is even nicer than the Wynn)   Great food.
But even better ambiance.
Bathroom was surprisingly small and bland.
Call me weird but i have a thing for nice and cool bathrooms and this just isn't nice or cool.
service wasn't that great, it was good, but not great.
our food took an incredibly long time (the table next to us also a party of 4 finished eating while we were still waiting and they arrived after us) no one came over to excuse themselves for the wait.
but the chef did come out to talk to my husband about his food allergies which was a nice touch!
now onto the food.
we each ordered a couple things and all tried each others dishes - my dish seemed to have been the favorite of the night.
the shrimp pad thai... out of this world!
the ice cream cone dessert was just ok. cute presentation but eh on the taste factor.

Went here on a Friday night with a group of 11.
Service was horrible.
45 minutes to get a drink and over an hour and a half for food to start arriving.
Ambiance was great, wish the rest matched it.
My boyfriend got up to find out what the deal was when we couldn't locate our server for an extended period of time.
Their response was that they were really busy that night.
It's Vegas...I'm not sure what they were expecting but that response won't cut it.
Food was good but doesn't make up for the rest.
We had a selection of hand rolls.
There's a number of places you can eat on the strip and it's not exactly a cheap spot.
I'd recommend elsewhere.

Space is swanky and we really wanted to like it.
Dishes were hit or miss.
Miso eggplant with shrimp and scallop was yum but everything else was just ok and soul-less and wayyyyyy overpriced.
Acoustics were awful.
On the other hand our server was top of the line.
I think his name was Trevor.
He was exceptional.

Such a great venue, you have a view of the encore beach club area which is never a bad site.
We came here with a big group of girls and it was perfect the venue was perfect as we were able to chat across a big table without talking over too loud music.
The shrimp pad Thai was awesome and a unique presentation.
The rock shrimp tempura was literally to die for!
So yummy.
All the rolls we had at the table were also delicious.
We all indulged in the lychee martinis which were perfect.
We ended the night with the biggest dessert ever!
I don't know what it's called but it's a giant tower of cake, mouse, chocolate, whipped cream and lit on fire!
I highly recommend this place and plan on returning.

My boyfriend and I planned a trip to Vegas for my birthday and made reservations here in advance.
I can say it is the best restaurant I have eaten at, the food, atmosphere and service was as good as it gets.
We enjoyed the truffle edamame appetizer and some sushi rolls and both had 0 complaints.
Our server was very attentive and helpful when we inquired about things on the menu and suggested some amazing drinks.
I thought about the restaurant the rest of our trip and it is the first thing that comes to mind when I think about when people ask me how our vacation was!

Ok so I have NEVER left a yelp review before in my life!
We tried to have dinner at Andreas and were willing to sit in the cocktail lounge because we did not make reservation.
The hostess told us it was first come first served so we grabbed a table only to be told that since we were (the guys) wearing shorts that we couldn't dine there.
I'm sorry but I work at one of the highest grossing restaurants in the country (in NYC) and people can walk into there wearing whatever they want!
We are in fucking Las Vegas get over yourselves honestly!!!

Fantastic Environment ,Decor ,Lighting and superb service Top Quality ,My Personal Favorite Place on the Strip Love this Place and the Encore ,anything you can think of the best

Great atmosphere with good food

Great restaurant!
Every appetizer was absolutely delicious from seviche to sushi.
We all had Sea bass as a main course it was great.
The desert tower that they catch on fire is fun and tasty.

This place was super nice and super white, just to make the restaurant look cleaner and elegant.
When I say super white I mean their booths and chairs, etc.
Anyway, I got the kimchi, edamame, tofu fried rice.
When it asked the waiter if it was big or small he told me it was small and would need a side dish to fill you up, so I got a salmon roll that was only 6 rolls.
I got my dinner and the kimchi, edamame, tofu fried rice, it was the perfect spice for me, everything was mixed in together and cooked just right and the salmon roll was small...
But still legit!
I wish it was bigger.
So after I got my rice the waiter, as always Vegas has to scam you, told me to get a side cause the bowl was small.
Oh it was small but the bowl was deep!
So it got me hella full afterwards especially with the sushi.
My friend got a side of asparagus and it was sooooo small.
They gave her a lot but still, it was still delicious!
This place is expensive but the food is worth what you're paying for.
I would come back.
Although, the chefs took forever to cook our food and there was only like 5 tables occupied.
It took them about an hour and a half to bring out our food and we were starving.
Minus 1 star.

They always take care of is when we go.
The chef is so sweet and talented.
The food is wonderful with a lot of vibrant spicy and sweets tastes so basically anyone would enjoy it there and the service is tops.

Wow!!
I love this place!
From the food to the service and music.
And also a great place for a date

Worse service, we had a bday there and the boss didn't even let us fridge the bday cake says it can be contaminated, but yet any other restaurant would've done it for us, the food was not good, we got the salmon and it literally tasted like they just added soy sauce to it, my friend ordered the glazed salmon and it tasted bad for her as well.
The only part that we might have liked was the appetizer fish sushi, not recommended and definitely my first and last time there, last but not least the bill came out to 800!!
I could've had better food and service at Mcds

What is sometimes hard to find on The Strip is consistent and attentive service.
This is my 3rd time dining here and I am happy to say that the staff here has both.
They are very knowledgable about the menu, the food comes at a conservative non rushed pace, is very well plated and fresh.

Food was good ,ambience excellent .
The onlynthing lack was service it was just super slow..since I amhigh on service my eexperience here was ok..

This review is long overdue, but I felt like I needed to write about what a wonderful restaurant this is!
After searching (and searching) restaurants in Vegas, we decided on this place for a special birthday dinner.
We sure made the right choice!!
Amazing food with exceptional service.. this is one of the BEST restaurant experiences I've ever had.. from our private booth, to the engraved chopsticks, to the excellent customer service and amazing food!
This place deserves all the stars it can get!!
Ariel was our waitress and she was sweet, super nice, and very attentive.
We ordered yummy drinks (Bringing Sexy Back and Cold Fusion), Tuna & Crispy Rice (best appetizer EVER!
Could have just ordered this and been happy!
), Crab Fried Rice, Philadelphia Roll, Rainbow Roll (so good!
), and Crispy Pork Shank Pata.
The food was amazing!!
I think what did it for us, though.. in addition to the beautiful restaurant and good food was the wonderful customer service!
Thanks for the great restaurant experience, Andrea's!
We will definitely be back!

If you like high quality sushi this place is for you.
Don't get me wrong, it is pricey.
But if you're in Las Vegas it's worth it to enjoy a nice dinner.
The ambiance is beautiful with the chandeliers, tables, and chairs.
The windows on one side overlook the pool.
Everything we had was amazing.
We had a few sushi items as appetizers including the albacore sashimi with crispy onions and soup.
My entrée was the sea bass, which was cooked to perfection.
The desserts were unbelievable, we had a combination of three different ice creams and fruit with shaved ice, which was prepared at the table.
The staff were very courteous and respectful.
I definitely recommend Andrea's if you enjoy fine dining.

