Rock shrimp tempura is awesome.
The four season roll looks amazing and tasted great.
Four kinds of fish in that roll.
Red curry is delicious.

Great starter salad and the spicy mango chicken was delicious.
Perfect portion for a lunch special.
They do serve sushi and I will more than likely go back to try a few rolls.

This is a new restaurant...so give them a try!
The food was good...pad thai was great.
The customer service was outstanding!

OH MAN, I REALLY wanted to love this place.
It's OH SO CLOSE to work, and would have been so perfect and convenient.
In my head it was all planned out.
I'd eat there every single day for lunch...not really.
OK!
so,...the place is small but nice inside.
The food is average at best.
Every roll I tried was lacking...mainly in texture.
The rolls were mushy, sushi was blah.
Not a lot of flavor.
I just wasn't impressed.
Although, I would try it again in the future.
Give it a try, you might like it.

I've been there twice for lunch since they have opened and have been very happy.
The lunch bento boxes are a great deal and very good.
The shumai are great and the entree portions were really good.
The last time I went I had the salmon.
Actually a nice cut of fish.
They put a nice sear on the outside for some texture and the fish itself was cooked nicely.
My daughter ate about 3/4 of it.
I'm not sure if I would make this a sushi destination though.
There are a lot of good options in Goodyear that I would put above it for the actual rolls.
I think maybe it's the rice, but there is something a little lacking in this department.
However, I will continue to come here for the rest of the menu which has yet to let me down.
Service has been fantastic as well.
I'll probably still give the sushi a try as a side item, but not the draw.

We just ate here for the first time and loved it!
We had the red curry and the mango chicken.
Plus they brought out free fried ice cream for our birthday.
We have been looking for good asian food on the west side of Phoenix and we have finally found it.

Just ok, nothing bad nothing great.
I wouldn't turn up my nose if I had to eat there again but wouldn't pick it as my choice as there are better asian places nearby.
Detractors:  1.
California roll was warm and had no cucumber.
I'd never had a California roll without cucumber before.
Teriyaki Chicken was just a chicken breast heated on a hot grill.
It was white and had not been charbroiled which is a must for teriyaki chicken in my opinion.
It was dry and flavorless except for the sauce which wasn't too bad.
The rice was dry and not the normal Japanese rice I'm used to.
Positives:  1.
Iced tea was brewed and not instant like in many Japanese places.
Gyoza was good.
Salad and soup that came with bento box were good.
Surprised by fresh vegetables that came with the teriyaki chicken.

I'm loving every bite of my wok spicy peanut chicken.
Lots of crunchy delicious vegetables, mushrooms, chicken.
The spicy peanut filled sauce tops it off wonderfully.
The chef brings the meal to the table.
The staff is very good.
I never have to wait and the ambiance is spot on.
I have eaten Thai and sushi here as well as the wok meal.
Everything is sooo yummy.
If you are in the area, I highly recommend this restaurant.

Food was decent, although I just had vegetable tempura which is difficult to mess up.
My husband had sushi which was also just ok.
The most annoying thing was that when we went we were the only customers in the entire restaurant and had to wait 20 minutes for my husband's food while everyone else ate.
They didn't even start making his food until after I was served.
Maybe we will come back if they ever learn proper serving etiquette, but that's not likely.

Good food for a good price.
I had the 2 roll special- I chose a salmon avocado roll, spicy yellowtail crunch roll, a salad and miso soup all for 8.50!
Most meals come with a salad and/or miso soup.
The miso soup is excellently balanced, not too salty although it was a bit hot temperature-wise.
The sushi was great as well.
My wife ordered the orange chicken.
Overall it is good.
The dish portion is deceptively large.
They have a good variety of music so that it still has a traditional feel yet they will throw in some of your old favorite hits.
The decor is simple but satisfying.
Clean tables and a cool environment.
The staff is nice and does not pester or hurry you while at the same time making sure you have what you need.
I recommend this place to anyone who wants good food even if you are on a budget.

