A great place for a meal at Phoenix airport.
Way above expectations for the regular fare.
A fresh and simple take on tex mex.

We had a three hour layover in Phoenix and since we were sick of the typical airport food we had at our previous stops, we looked around for something a little nicer.
We got seated right away and the staff was super friendly.
We both had the sangria and shared some sort of mushroom dinner as well as the pulled pork.
The meals were amazing and I was still in shock that we were eating this well in an airport.
The food came really fast and it was an overall great experience.
If I ever happen to stop in Phoenix again I would for sure go back.

Finally made it over to try one of the newer concepts in the airport!
I kept hearing about how awesome it was but I have to say, I don't think it lived up to the hype.
The staff was super nice and helpful.
The restaurant itself was nice, reminding me of the street side location but the food was nothing too awesome.
I will go back and have a try of something else cause I don't want to just write off a place based on something like the West Coast Wrap, which could be a taste preference.
I think I'll go and have a try of the mac and cheese and judge it off that cause that'll be a make or break thing for me lol.

People below who wrote ho-hum reviews.... you do realize that this is inside of SkyHarbor, right?
Quite frankly, the food is good enough to compare with some of the better food I've had in Arizona, all while having to deal with HMSHost and TSA!
I definitely recommend coming by if you've got a layover.

Great food and it's in an airport!
Normally, airport food really sucks.
Even the cheesy brand names like TGIF and Wolfgang Puck are crappy at the airport.
I've never heard of this place before until I was in Phoenix on a stop over last week.
It's turns out it's a chain.
When I looked at the menu I was a little skeptical about spending $14 for a filet steak sandwich especially with $4 hamburger just down the hall but I decided to try it anyway.
I may must say I was really impressed.
This place is not just good for an airport, it's on par with upscale places anywhere.
The quality of the food, the temperature and presentation were all top notch.
The only thing I would suggest is when you offer someone a glass of Cabernet tell them it's $13.
Other than that I have no complaints and look forward to me next stopover.

Airport bar restaurants.
They have you captive.
If you don't want food court fare, you can cool your heels at some place a little more chi-chi.
The decor and menu here appear better than what the actual offerings are.
Fortunately I've found another place I truly enjoy in the hub that is the Phoenix airport, so I won't have to bother with Cowboy Ciao again.
Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't particularly bad.
But it didn't merit the cash we splashed out.

I've had too many crappy hamburgers/lousy pizza slices while on layovers in airports.
Thought I'd try this as a change.
Ordered the scallops on top of risotto.
Amazing.
Scallops were done just right; risotto could not have been better.
Having cooked risotto myself, I know what a pain it is to make; theirs was perfect.

The mushroom pan fry with mixed green salad makes a nice vegetarian meal!

This not your ordinary airport dining experience!
TJ the waiter is awesome- he is totally committed to providing you with a a fabulous description of the entrees- go for the stetson chopped salad!
Thanks tj!

For an airport restaurant, this was amazing.
We ordered:  Mac and Cheese Asiago Bread Margarita VIVA cocktail Sangria  The food was to die for!
The Mac and Chesse was out of this world.
Probably the best I've ever had.
The Asiago bread was also amazing!
It was so full of flavor, but the one thing I must say about the bread is that it's a bit messy.
Also, the bread is very filling, make sure to have others to share it with.
The drinks were okay.
The VIVA cocktail was very sweet (and I love sweet)!
Very overwhelming for taste buds.
The margarita was very good, just make sure to specify which kind of tequila you want.
The sangria is one for sangria lovers.
It grew on me, but first sip was kind of atrocious.
The service was really good.
My waiter was extremely knowledgeable, and very kind.
I will definitely come back here when I have to stay at the Phoenix Airport for any length of time.

I had a chopped salad, and it was one of the best salads I've every had - inside OR outside of an airport.
A wonderful surprise, and since I travel through PHX often I was excited to find this little gem!

Writing the a bit into the future, so some of the details are hazy..
Stopped here on a layover in Phoenix on the way to LA.
Ordered the Lester Burger which could have easily been two meals.
Burger, bacon, avocado, pulled pork and more on a single sandwich.
Delicious.
Met a new friend in the military also on a layover and we bought drinks for each other.
Waitstaff was attentive and seemed happy to be there.
Food came out quickly and drinks didn't stay empty for long.
Had a nice time.
Easily one of the best airport dining experiences I've ever had.

So glad Sky harbor is stepping up the restaurants in terminal 4.
The only bad thing is this is way down in the "high" B terminal, where most internationals fly from, but it's worth the walk.
Quesadilla is great.

Try the chopped salad.
It's awesome!
Good place to stop if you need a quick bite.

Good food and fast service

Ask for TJ, great service, enthusiastic, total professional and you can tell he loves what he does.
Try the Mac N Cheese (best mac and cheese I've ever had)  Also try the Stetson chopped salad with Salmon, even if you're not a salad person, you will absolutely love it.

Delays and layovers are a traveler's nightmare!
Having 3 hours to kill within an airport, my hubby and I decided to get some lunch and waste some time.
We asked a worker at a gift shop what her favorite food spot is in the airport.
She immediately directed us to Cowboy Ciao.
Passing this place on our way to our next gate, I saw how packed it was.
It looked more like a bar to me, since the bar sits in the middle of the mini-restaurant with giant big screen TVs.
They do have lounge seating, which is convenient for small (1-2 people) or semi-large parties (6 people seating).
There are also small tables, but it didn't feel cramped to me.
We ordered the Stetson salad, and it was the best salad I've ever tasted!
I also recommend their Open Faced Steak Sandwich.
It's basically two pieces of filet mignon on top of soft french bread and topped with the most delicious sauce.
It's not the type of sandwich you'd imagine.
We both shared both meals and it filled us up, so the portion size is pretty decent.
The price is about average (being a tad bit expensive on their pricier meal menus), but the food is definitely an original and the taste is impeccable!
I wish we had this restaurant in Houston!

The bartender, Jason, was a prick.
He wouldn't take our drink order b/c we were sitting on the backside if the bar.
When we told him we only wanted to order shots, he said a server would be right with us.
The front wasn't full, it's just everyone with their extra carry-ons + leaving 1 seat in between each other, there weren't two seats in a row for us on the front side.
The server we eventually got tried to make the excuse that the bartender is busy, but you could tell that he was just an ass.
When we only ended up ordering drinks from the bar, it was evident that even the server was perplexed why the bartender didn't jst take our order.
Anyway, our server ended up being very friendly and understanding.
He saved this experience for us ... other wise this review would have been a 1 Star.

Arrived early at the airport for once and couldn't get on stand-by...of course...why should I expect travel go smoothly...shame on me.
Normally I am wandering around concourses C or D...but...same old, same old...plus my local Mexican cantina was closed down...so I wander down to concourse B for something different...and I discover Cowboy Ciao...the host was friendly, greeted me right away and seated me right away.
My waitress, Monique, was both friendly and knowledgeable.
She recommended a wonderful, rich, smooth Cab.
I ordered their Puerco Lento (lovely slow roasted pork on the bone dish) with only vegetables...soft, tender, melt in your mouth pork...so surprising to find this in an airport.
Loved it!
The tables were full, littered with business travelers...so it appears to be a well known spot for those of us that live in airports.
If you haven't tried it, don't wait.
Grab a seat, order a nice drink, have a little slice of comfort after a long day...cheers!

I once worked on a cattle ranch in Central Arizona.
What a god-awful job.
If you're not getting kicked by calves in the branding chute, or rammed by an angry mother cow, you're working sunup to sundown with no relief.
That is until supper time.
Our cook, while rudimentary compared to professional chefs, knew how to cook every type of desert dweller the hands shot daily, but mostly quail and beef.
Well not since my starry-eyed youth have I tasted a filet sandwich like the one served up at Cowboy Ciao.
The sandwich will arrive open-faced with a ramequin of brown gravy, a knoll of thin, juicy fries, (more like pomme frites), and a side of slaw.
All delectable.
The filet transcends any level of tender I'm used to, since my version of tender resides squarely between London broil, and skirt steaks.
No gnawing (or gumming) your food here.
No siree.
If you have the time between flights, settle in for a few, have the steak, and imagine what it'd be like to eat beef every day and night for three months.
You'd get so stopped up, you'd probably shit in yer saddle...on roundup...in full view of the senior hand who like to beat you up on Friday nights at the Punkin Center Saloon.
I wish someone would invent a time machine.
I'd go back and fuck him up.
BADLY.

AMAZING!!
Start to finish, the BEST lunch we've had in awhile.
We shared the Chicken and Waffles and the Buffalo Shrimp, and finished with the Oh Canada.
Chicken was breaded and fried to perfection.
And although a bit tough, the red velvet waffle complemented the rest of the dish well.
The shrimp were incredible; the perfect heat and light, crisp breading.
The pickled carrots were the best Ive ever had.
The dessert was the perfect ending to a truly amazing meal.
Service was average; the two waitresses seemed upset with someone and were overly chatty with each other, which left our glasses empty and cleaned plates sitting longer than acceptable.
Even with this, I cannot give our experience less than 5 stars.
The restaurant space and location was nice and clean.
The big open windows gave us a lovely view of Old Town.

I love Cowboy Ciao in Scottsdale and was so pleased to pass some time here with friends before a recent trip to Mexico.
The mimossas were very good and the breakfast options make Cowboy Ciao a nice respite at the airport.

Best airport restaurant I have ever been to.
The food was amazing, and my waitress, or culinary guidance counselor was great.
Her name was Jennifer.
She was helpful, sweet and gave great advice!
She steered me to the corn nut scallops and bruschetta duo.
This was not her first recommendation, mind you.
She gave a suggestion, listened to my response, asked a few questions and sent me to the promise land of culinary delight!
Super amazing service and food, all in an airport restaurant?
Are you kidding me?
Oh, and try the real james margarita!

What a GREAT surprise.
And, in an airport of all places.
I had lunch in NY, then, was fed in first class on the plane to Phoenix for my connecting flight.
I was full.
But, my next flight was late so I stopped in Cowboy Ciao just to have a nice spot to sit.
I saw the food coming out of the kitchen and couldn't resist, even though I was not at all hungry.
TJ the server is really friendly, answered various questions about dishes happily.
That alone was refreshing Then, the food arrived.
So good.
Then that corn bread desert.
I ate my way through desert shops in NYC and this was right up there with them.
"Disgustingly too good.

This place is completely unaware it's in an airport.
And you forget you are, too.
Fantastic service, great food.
Stetson chop salad so, so good.
Fresh, tasty.
Cornbread bread pudding delish.

There is not a lot of good food to be had in airports, and PHX has historically been one of the worst offenders in this department.
Thank God for Cowboy Ciao--this is a legitimate restaurant with real food, a great wine list, and plenty of good beers.
It's the best of both worlds:  the kind of place that you'd eat at even if you weren't in an airport, but also a place that works really well within its airport setting.
I know where I'll be stopping the next time I fly through.

I am in Cowboy Ciao at the airport now waiting on my flight and I am very happy I stopped in.
The chopped salad with salmon is really good.
I just finished it.
Can't wait for my next trip through Phoenix.

My friend and I stopped here when we were flying to Hawaii for a few drinks.
We tried the Bloody Mary Jane and mimosas.
Their mimosas are made with prosecco which I love and am so happy about.
The Bloody Mary Jane was made with vodka and mescal which gave it a smoky flavor.
I think too much fresh basil was used but I'm the least biggest fan of basil so take that as it's worth.
We also ordered chips with a side of pesto dipping sauce.
The sauce and chips were good.
Prices are airport prices so be prepared for that.
I would stop here again if I were in the phx airport for some drinks and quick snacks.
Oh, a mimosa is $13... Maybe I won't be back...

Food was amazing!
Had the chopped salad, vegetarian style, and my waiter TJ was attentive, helpful, sold me on the salad!!
Travel for work all the time which is not fun but can't wait to come back and eat here!
Please franchise in San Jose!

So good I amost skipped the place due to it's stupid name.
Definitely eat here for airport food it's da best!

We had a layover in Phoenix on our way to Albuquerque in both directions on our recent vacation and happened across this great find.
We couldn't believe it was airport food.
There were 4 of us and everyone loved their meal, both times we went.
The chopped salad was amazing.
We all split a piece of chocolate cake for desert and it was great as well.
If you're at the Phoenix Airport, this place is a must.
Service was great as well - we got in and out in plenty of time for our flights.

I was at the airport this past Sunday I asked the prospect cart driver to direct me to a nice place to dine in he took me on over to cowboy ciao I was greeted felt welcomed enjoyed my dinner Liz was my server she was out standing but I couldn't help but to notice the manger watching the football game on he never moved restaurant was extremely busy but he was so disengaged then towards the end of my dining experience he sat down at the end of the bar to have dinner

I just had the best hamburger of my entire life.
If I lived in Phoenix I would drive to the airport just to eat here.
Great staff, great food I have to tell you I wish my flight were another hour later.
Elizabeth T. Could not have been more pleasant.
I will be back but not soon enough.

Worst service ever.
I requested a quesadilla.
When I asked the server what was in the quesadilla, she explained how it had beef in it.
I asked if I could get it without meat.
I was told no, that they would NOT.
I said then I'll have to cancel my order.
She rolled her eyes and stormed off!!
My friends and I just canceled the whole order and walked out.
Many more options at the airport.

Anytime i have a delay in the PHX airport, I trek over to the B gates to get some Cowboy C.  The stetson salad is very good with a generous portion of salmon, and the open face steak sandwich is steakhouse goodness on a bun.
The bread pudding is excellent with the right amount of sweet and a surprise bit of heat from some pepper flakes in the sauce.
Definitely ask for TJ if it is your first time in.
He will guide you based upon what you like and wont steer you wrong.
In addition, they can get you in and out quickly if you are pressed for time.

Great service, nice place to chill if at airport early, quick walk over to b gates if flying Us airways.
James was a great server, nice, and enjoyed the enchilada breakfast with scrambled eggs rather than fried.

Bartender was cool.
One male Wait-staff have ridiculously crap attitude.
To the point he wouldn't move out of my way to let me pass by him to my seat; just stared at me as I had to squeeze by him running into other patrons.
I'd love to hear why personnel like this have jobs.

Wait staff (T.J.) was awesome;  energetic,  a lot of pride in the brand and presentation and menu-smart.
I had the open-face steak sandwich.
It's a 5-6oz filet mignon that was perfectly medium rare and very tender.
I personally would have preferred fries over chips,  but didnt know that so didn't try to substitute anything.
My daughter had the quesadilla of the day and said it was really good but that the chipotle mayo dressing was outstanding.
Considering what you usually get at Phoenix's airport for food, this was a real treat.

I had a four hour lay-over in terminal 4 and wasn't quite sure how I was going to kill the time.
Saddled up at Cowboy Ciao for wine and lunch, and have to say, the Stetson salad was one of the best salads I have ever had (and I eat so much salad, I am practically a rabbit).
Naturally, the wine was properly chilled and delicious!
This was an absolutely perfect experience, as the service was phenomenal (her name was Elizabeth) and not once did I feel rushed or like they didn't want me lurking for too long.
I travel through this airport very often, and this will be a regular stop!

Wow, not bad for airport food!
We had a connection at Sky Harbor, and it was 1 Eastern so I grabbed something to eat across from our gate.
The line was fairly short, but it took forever.
I don't know if that's because an order was complex or it was just slow, but it was bad.
I got a west coast wrap with chips, and it was pretty pricey.
The wrap was excellent though.
It tasted very fresh and had plenty of stuff inside it.
The chips were exceptional--probably some of the best chips I have ever had.
What can I say?
Good airport food!
All right!
Thumbs up!

A good, but rather expensive, spot to eat at the airport.
Being fans of the Scottsdale restaurant and by convenience of being just feet away from our gate, my wife and I decided to grab a bite at Cowboy Ciao before boarding an overnight redeye from Phoenix to London.
I love the quesadilla del dia (of the day) concept.
Sure, it's probably the expiring stuff that they need to get rid of, but when folded into a tortilla with melted cheese, who knows any better.
I'm shocked mexican restaurants don't use this idea.
We also had a west coast wrap which was quite tasty.
The chips served with the sandwich were great.
Just a word of warning, Cowboy Ciao is pricey.
With tip and just water to drink, those two orders came to about $29, and they were probably the two cheapest items on the menu.
It's good food, especially for airport dining, but it will cost you.

Had the Mac and Cheese and the Pork Hamburger with avocado.
Good restaurant for being in an airport.

Cowboy Ciao just gets it right.
If you've been the the full fledged restaurant before you won't be disappointed with the airport version.
The food is on par with the traditional establishment and far exceeds what you would expect to find at an airport.
However, with that comes a relatively hefty price compared to typical 'airport food'.
If you're ok with paying more to avoid the traditional grab and go Chili's/Applebee's fare then give this place a shot.
Restaurant is spacious enough and servers/bartenders recognize that you have someplace to be without bring pushy or rushing you.
I'll be back!

Best airport food in the country.
I'm a cowboy/rancher and I approve of this beef.
Not allowed to have steak knives in the airport sooo...
They drop really tender beef on your plate.
And they cook It to perfection.
And in picky when it comes to how my meat is cooked.
So to speak.
Get the testosterone salad.
Eat beef.

So, judging from the rest of the reviews, I guess I caught them on a bad day.
A day bad enough for food poisoning.
I don't think I would return, even if it was free.
meh.

$19 for an over-cooked and virtually tasteless burger.
The menu describes it as some type of exotic beef.
I've had far better for $7.00 at Alphys in Arroyo Grande.
Might have been better if the waitress - Monique - had actually cared.
When I pointed it out, she huffed and said, "what would you like me to do, take it back?
"  Can't remember the last time I left a ZERO tip.
Poor food is not the fault of the server.
In this case the food was only exceeded in its poor quality by the server's attitude.
And to continue the rant - it takes a ton of attitude for a restaurant to think its food is so tasty that they don't need to put salt & pepper shakers on the table.
The chef at Cowboy Ciao must think his poop doesn't smell - but he's wrong.
I travel for business 10-15 days a month - eat in airports nearly every day I'm on the road.
Cowboy Ciao is right up at the top of my worst experience list.

Very, very pricey.
I just hope the price is consistent to the taste.
I thought my braised Korean ribs were really good.
The meat was tender, easily falls of the bone.
The mash potatoes were okay, a little cold when I got them and the veggies were cooked well.
This and the other sandwich place are probably good bets to have good food in the airport.

This place is packed - so why give a flying ... about a single traveller.
First question at the door "do you really want to wait???
" So what's the alternative?
F*** off???
Next stage is the server with excessively negative and stressed out attitude.
On the shittiest available spot at the bar he takes somebody else's order first who arrived with me and takes off.
When I want to place my order he gives me s*** that I'd have wait my turn which "for sure takes another 10 min hehehe....".
At this point I am ready to walk but give it another 30sec.
Cancel the ordered drink and earn a loud and clear "PERRRRFECT".
Picture of 'person' posted.
Keep away from maniac and this hole.
Actually, I liked them and had dinner with clients in Scottsdale many times (used to recommend their mushroom dish) but that's it!
Unfortunate and bad experience.
Go to McDonalds next time

I have been traveling through sky harbor every Thursday for the past 5 months and I make it a point to visit Cowboy Ciao no matter what gate I fly from, even D.  The regular bartenders Doug, Tige (think that's how it's spelled) and Marsha are excellent.
They are super personable and go the extra mile for their guests.
The food is great, albeit a little pricey, but in an airport cannot be beaten.
I'd recommend the quesadilla, among the best I've had anywhere.
Back to the bartenders - especially Doug and Tige - these guys are the real reason I've visited so often and referred family and friends.
They create a truly enjoyable experience to hang out at the bar while waiting for your flight and take care of and appreciate repeat guests.
In one instance the bar was completely filled as were all tables.
Doug personally made me an additional spot at the bar and quickly poured a cold beer - what service during a long day of work and travel!
I recommend this place to anyone traveling in terminal 4, it can't be beat.
Unfortunately Doug was not working my last visit but I snapped a snazzy pic of Tige and Marsha.
If you want to see a picture of Doug hard at work taking great care of his customers, take a peek at the a**hole review from 2/2, which I would completely discredit.
Cheers!

Great salad.
Great wine list.
Chronic Cellars Purple Paradise for under 30, incredible deal.
Kenna was a GREAT server, very friendly and attentive.
Good to see local restaurants represented among the chain madness in the terminal.

The food is awesome!
Particularly, the quesadilla del dia and the chopped salad are great!
Even the bread pudding cake left us scooping the plate dry.
One fault- the margaritas are way to tart and sweet.
Don't expect a real margarita; it's counterfeit.
But don't let that steer you away from this place in terminal four, space D. Everything else is great, especially the Bloody Mary's!

Okay I stopped by here this morning with well over an hour before my flight and got to the terminal just minutes after the door was already closed.
Two hostesses this... One named Monique I believe.
Both had attitudes with the customers and their coworkers.
It took forever to get service and I got up to leave... Then the server rushed over like a police dog.
I ordered a simple breakfast...
The cook brought that out in only a few minutes.
The server brought my orange juice about 12 minutes later.
While eating, a guy (20's?
) shows up with two girls and Monique is no place to be found.
Next thing I notice is him feverishly picking his nose and 'flinging' the 'catch of the day' out onto the restaurant floor as well as at passing by travelers.
Now that's class!!
The girls with him were not phased by the incident.
The food I ordered tasted ok... Much like Waffle House except higher priced.
It was next to impossible for me to find the server for the check.
Monique was out if range as well.
By the time I was able to chase this lunatic down and pay for my food I was late for the plane.
Thankfully a little information got me on the plane.
Won't be going back to this place!

We had dinner @ their restaurant in Scottsdale last night, and this place may be better!
We are @ the bar and the service was awesome!
Hayley had the chop salad (they offer chicken here too, instead of salmon) and I had the testosterone salad...really good.

Best bruschetta!
2 with tomato, 2 with mushrooms, both with cheese :)  Decent drink.
Good fast service.
Prices average.

It is all about the Stetson Chopped Salad!
You get a choice of chicken, smoked salmon or avocado.
I went avocado and licked my plate clean.
Well, kinda.
Almost..
I am a lady.
Sometimes.
lol.
The wine list was above par for an airport spot and all the bartenders were amazing.
Nice ambiance and a friendly vibe all around.
All smiles.
Aaaaaand power outlets everywhere!
Seriously,  2-3 for every seat.
Brilliant.
Who doesn't need to charge their phone/laptop/ipad while traveling???
The name is odd to me because it sounds like a BBQ place made a baby w an Italian restaurant....when really it is New American/Southwest-ish.
Who really cares what the name is though?
Definitely one of my fav airport spots.
Hats off.

Awesome new spot in PHX;, which they have needed for a long long long time.
I got the testosterone salad.
Amazing.
Blu cheese crumbles, rare steak, good greens.
Beats normal airport food any damn day.

Delicious Testosterone Salad - Lovely wine choices- Fast service- got to plug in my phone and charge before I got on my next flight.
Will definitely go back

Nice place in many ways, HOWEVER you cant go here.
Thats right, you can look but you cant touch.
Got lucky twice while traveling through Phx and actually sat in this wonderland, and had a nice time with cool music and good service.
All the others times - No me toques !!
In fact it was insulting how hard it was to get a seat.
We walked away after a 45min wait, standing like idiots in traffic.
Is the food great, no, are the drinks special, no, is the service great, not so much but it is better then most places.
Whatever the reason for the cattle-call at Cowboy's I dont really care, a place is worthless if you can not be there.
All I saw were clowns camped in their seats milking one drink for hours while people like me, who spend $70 in a sitting, are homeless.
The seat'er also had an attitude.
Tells us that certain seats are taken or the person is coming back.
However when we returned one last time 30 mins later the same seats were empty.
And I gave the main server (possible owner) a $20 tip last time, like a fool.
SO, we walk down to ZINC, got a seat quickly, great service, same drinks as anywhere else at the Airport, and better food then Cowboy, very nice food in fact, and spent time in an open-air, nice place with good music and lots of conversation.
Ciao Cowboy Ciao.

Definitely the only airport bar I've enjoyed in my life.
I mean, I've been to fun airports and had fun times, but I've never heard Bernard Purdie, Evelyn Champagne King or Toro Y Moi, or anything at all that resembles music, let alone music that I carry around with me in my pocket.
For real, I have 500 songs on my mp3 player ('08) and one of them is Hap'nin by Bernard Purdie (arguably the most sampled drummer of all time, really), so I was natutally excited to hear funky jams while drinking local IPA's despite plane delay.
I forgot I was at the airport, and that's all that mattered to me at the time.
Good chats with crazy folks from all over 'Merica, and amazingly swift and beyond competent service.
These folks are trying, and they're winning.
Decor ain't even that bad.
All aces, even for a picky vegan from far away.
You're lucky to be stranded in Phoenix if you end up here.

Amazing.
Phoenix always amaze me with many good restaurants.
Surprisingly this restaurant is at the airport.
next time, this would be my stop for food at phx.

Awesome service and amazing food!
The menu is a little limited but everything I have had is delicious.

Not cheap but great food.
You get what you pay for and the filet mignon was perfect.
Good selection of wines and friendly staff.
TJ served us and was great, attentive and friendly and also knowledgable about the wines offered.
It's airport good but it is good airport food and worth the money.

So grateful for a fun place to eat when stuck in PHX on a layover!
I asked one of the helpful attendants walking around the airport where I should eat, and she pointed me to Cowboy Ciao with no hesitation.
She said that on occassion, she and her husband drive out there just to go eat the scallops.
(She works there, so I assume that that's cool).
Officially intrigued, I frolicked off to get the scallops.
And they were awesome.
They were crusted with some kind of nut (corn nuts?
I think?
), and served over a hearty risotto chock full of delicious veggies.
Nothing on the menu looked boring.
The guy next to me ate a burger topped with pulled pork, avocado, and a whole mess of other awesomeness, and declared that it was fantastic.
Way to go PHX, for stepping up your game for hungry travelers!

Best airport food EVER!
Located directly across from Gate B21.
I highly recommend this place!
The food is outstanding!!
We ordered the truffle mac-n-cheese, bruschetta and THE STETSON CHOPPED SALAD!
It was amazing!
I got grilled chicken instead of the smoked salmon and added avocado.

While traveling on business from California, I stopped in here and got their testosterone salad.
It wasn't the best tasting salad and was a weird combination of ingredients, but this wasn't the worst part.
Food poisoning, I was throwing up all night and the next day.
How do you screw up a salad?

Walking in the service was prompt and courteous.
Keep in mind I am traveling on a holiday which in my experience has been very light for airports in traffic.
However I was seated and greeted very quickly.
Our server was fantastic.
Highly attentive and very personable.
After perusing the menu for a while, it was very hard to choose as things seemed out of my normal dining choices, not bad, just different.
So my motto is when in doubt grab a damn burger.
So I got the pulled pork burger and my daughter, as usual, had a grilled cheese.
(If you ever wonder where the good grilled cheese sandwiches are located, just ask me.
)  My burger showed up and looked simply delicious.
I could not wait to taste it!!
I cut it in half and took my first bite....and I was slightly disappointed.
It was lacking in all the flavor the menu description promised.
The chips that came with it were okay but also tasted like nothing.
I ate half of the burger then started to read my book.
About 10 minutes later I picked at a few of the pieces of pork and avocado that had fallen off the burger and scooped them up with the chips.
So good!
It was like the meat needed to sit for a minute to get some flavor lol.
Bow the burger as a whole was not horrible.
The meat was very good and tender and cooked perfectly for me.
(I ordered it medium.
) Even after we spilt a glass of water all over the booth the server was still very nice and just ran over to help as much as he could.

Simply the best airport meal I've ever had.
The servers go out of there way to explain every item on the menu to make for the dining experience you've always wanted in an airport.
Not stuffy, anything but.
Super hip and cool atmosphere.
The open faced steak sandwich was delicious.
Blue cheese on potato chips - genius.

Breakfast enchiladas were good but someone put the whole salt shaker in the salsa.
This made them hard to eat.

Just went again after a 3 mo absence....holy crap the quesadillas are phenominal!!
To top it off the bartenders are even better- can't believe they remember me!!!
I must have left a terrible impression.
In all seriousness this is the best airport bar/restaurant and I credit that to the service and secondly the food.
And I love the food!

Awesome, friendly service.
The beef in my salad was melt in your mouth tender.
Far exceeded my expectations.

This may be one of the best airport restaurants in the US.
Pricey, yes for an airport but I think worth it.
The chopped salad was one of the best salads I gave ever had.
Very, very unique.
I will always come back here when I am at PHX

I like what HMShost is trying to do here by bringing in more up to date attractions/restaurants to combat the negative review in 2012 stating SkyHarbor as one of the worst places to get a bite.
The hostess was sweet.
We opted to sit at the bar, as it was very crowded.
After being ignored by the bartender, my husband got up to ask the hostess if we could sit at a recently vacated table.
She obliged, just in time too, because after her got up, one of the bartenders left the beer tap on directly in front of his seat and beer started to over flow on to the rail and on to my Husbands phone.
I caught it in time.
At the table, and our server was Jake.
He was pretty awkward.
Husband ordered the chicken wrap, I ordered Testosterone salad and we split a mac and cheese.
Jake turned around before I could tell him how I wanted my steak cooked.
Husband ended up liking his wrap.
Chips were good.
The Mac and cheese was ok.
But my steak was borderline still mooing.
I sent it back and got the green side salad.
Turns out I don't like blue cheese.
Or maybe I don't like how much of it was in the salad.
Either way, not impressed.
My water glass went empty for he second half of the entire meal.
And my husbands coke was only filled when the hostess (yes, not the server) asked me if I wanted to send back the salad, then she took my replacement order.
Go to McDonalds instead....I feel like I say that a lot.
And I haven't been to McDs in yrs...so take that for what it's worth.

Best airport food I've ever had.
Better than most regular restaurants too!
Salads are super fresh and flavorful!

OMG!!!!
The food here is sooooooo good!!!
The Chopped Salad will make you miss your flight!
The service is the BEST I've experienced in awhile!

Lost in a maze of airport food, this was a fantastic gem!
Lots of fresh ingredients in their varied and very appetizing options.

