I waited in a long line and when finally at the checkout the clerk said my merchandise was mismarked and she was charging me what the computer said.
I asked in three different ways for her to honor what the tag said and she just repeated what higher price she expected me to pay.
I left my entire order at the checkout and will never go back.
I buy a lot of clothes for my kids at Gap and this was my first time going to a Gap Outlet store.
This particular store lacked friendliness, customer service, and truth in advertising.
In retrospect I also feel a bit disgusted that their clearance items are actually more expensive than the 50% off of full price items, and felt the whole store was a low quality trinket-filled cluster.
My overall opinion of Gap in general is tainted.

Same type of experience as Anesia - I needed a new pair of jeans and happened to come in on a 50% off all women's clothing sale.
I picked out a few things off the clearance rack, a few shirts that had a sign on a table that said $9.99 (not clearance and not 50% off of their original price), and the jeans.
I got up to the register and asked - since clearance isn't always included in sales like this - if ALL women's clothing was included while holding up my clearance items.
She said yes and of course when she rung me up it wasn't.
No big deal - I half expected it wouldn't be - just annoying that the sales people even misrepresent the sale.
(I also verified the sign did have small print at the bottom excluding clearance.
)   Then we get to my non-clearance shirts.
Since these weren't clearance and I bought one I liked a few weeks before, I spent some time trying on and picking out quite a few since it appeared to be such a good deal.
Of course those conveniently weren't included in the sale either.
Another cashier who appeared to be an asst.
mgr or something came over and informed us also that these were not included in the sale.
I asked if they were clearance.
She said no.
She wasn't willing to honor the pricing as marked.
My fiancée pointed out that this "sale" made no sense because a few weeks prior without the 50% off we received the exact same deal and the shirts were marked the same.
The whole experience just left a really bad taste in our mouths and of course we were so annoyed we vowed not only would we not be returning to the Gap Outlet ever again, but no more outlet shopping before the holidays.
This store is the worst!
Whatever consumer group checks false and misleading advertising should make a trip out here.

I went looking for Christmas clothes for my niece and nephew but didn't like the selections.
The place was so cluttered and packed it made it difficult to movr around.
The line was about 20 long with 5 registers open.
I got nauseous and left with no purchase.

I had an average experience with this gap outlet.
It opened at 10 AM and all the stores in the outlet were open by then but gap opened 3 min late.
There was a crowd forming and the employees were just sitting inside.
People were knocking on the doors and wondering why it wasn't open.
It sounds really stupid but I think their employees should take their jobs seriously.
I was also a little annoyed because the dressing rooms were all locked and the employees had to unlock them which took a long time.
Overall my experience was average though.
I loved how all the clothes were all folded and nothing was out of place.
The employees were nice for the most part.
I would recommend this gap again the location was convenient and the employees were nice.
Hopefully they can make those minor changes and it will be better next time.

