My friends and I were doing a quick thrift-store-to-thrift-store scavenger hunt over a lunch break and Epic was smack in between two of the destinations we had mapped.
We were mainly on the hot trail of vinyl LPs - so I made for the stack on the shelves just inside the front door.
I immediately snatched up an unexpected near perfect copy of the soundtrack to "Mondo New York" for 1.49 - and then realized that everything else on the shelf were pristine laser discs.
My house may be a repository for archaic electronic equipment, but laser-discs were never my thing.
Didn't have a chance to browse the racks for anything else, but the store looked clean and the staff were friendly.

So this location recently opened up, within the past month or so.
It was new enough to where I had to add the location to Yelp, so that I could check in.
The set up is very similar to any other thrift store.
However, we were greeted by a very friendly worker.
I had read another review on a different location of the same thrift store so I wasn't too sure if it would be any good.
Overall, my experience was okay.
Was I super excited about this thrift store?
No.
Did I hate it?
No.
Somewhere in the middle.
Some of the clothes had stains and were overpriced in my opinion but they also had fantastic deals mixed in between as well.
They had a big sign hanging from the ceiling and it told you what color tag was 50% off for that day.
This I liked.
Only one other thrift store has markdowns on color tags but sometimes their signs are not clear enough to see.

This place is new so I will give it time to get its groove on.
The set up reminds me of Savers only it's a lot cheaper and they have sales all week long (a different one each day).
For now it isn't picked over so check it out once it catches on who knows.
They had interesting vinyl, a lot of bric brac, clothing & shoes galore.
The clerks were super nice.
The bathroom is dirty and needs some attention.
I was hoping they'd have more old craft stuff but they didn't have too much.
I will go back thats for sure.

I'm gonna pop some tags, only got twenty dollars in my pocket...
If that is the case, you might as well go somewhere else.
The selection is rather slim and thrift shopping is not even fun here.
I did a quick scan around the room and was not able to find a section worth looking in.

As someone who goes thrifting on a weekly basis, I was super excited when I found Epic.
I mean, come on...
It's called EPIC!
I have to say, it's not as epic as I was hoping it would be.
From what I gather, this is a relatively new store so maybe they are just having a hard time finding inventory.
I felt like the prices were kind of high, but then again, I'm from Kentucky and we have flea markets and peddler's malls on every corner.
I'm used to buyin' fer cheap!
The one thing I really like about Epic is that the clothing section is immaculately organized.
This is no Goodwill system.
All the clothes organized by gender, then type, then size & then color... now that's something.
It made it much easier to peruse the clothing & I ended up finding a dress that I really like!
I usually completely by-pass clothing in thrift stores but everything was so neatly organized, I was drawn to it.
I will definitely be back to see how Epic grows!

What got my attention about Epic Thrift stores was  a story feature on the news about how they were trying to spread the word that they wanted hire unemployed veterans to work in their stores.
I thought how cool was that!
So I looked up the store and found out they are partnered with Children of Veterans Foundation (COVF).
They are known in the community to reach out to military families in need from helping pay bills to providing items to make a home.
That's pretty epic right there!
I made a note to support this business.
The setup of the store is easy to navigate throughout the store.
Everything is sectioned off.
There is just a slight musty smell as you walk in but the store is neat and clean.
No dust on any of the household items.
They had a pretty good inventory of Springtime wear.
Prices are lower than Savers.
Although I found more clothes that were in less than fair condition (IE tears, bleach spots, too faded) here.
So 3 stars in this area.
If you are looking for the bulky TVs with the picture tubes they have plenty here.
Never know, you probably can re purpose it, use as a prop or spare parts?
I'm always on the hunt for stuff in the vintage 50'-60's era.
On this visit I didn't make any epic finds.
It's like that with all thrift stores it can be a hit or miss on any given day.
Ive learned to approached thrift stores with an open mind and not expect to score a good find every time I walk in.
Staff was friendly and let you know what was the special sale of the day as you walk in.
Donations can be dropped off.
Know it's going for a good cause to support our veterans and their families.
So I'll bump that up a star to 4!

They don't have a really great selection and are more similar to the Goodwill stores.
It was a little confusing as well because the clothing racks are not labeled by size so it took a minute to find anything.
The big plus is that they have a good book selection at reasonable prices.
I was even able to find the first season of Desperate Housewives in like new condition for only 5.99.
I found a lot of rare books and even some still valuable textbooks I could use for school.
The customer service was really nice.

Love, love, love this store.
Nice help who remember me when I return.
Great inventory, usually huge selection...I've only gone once without coming out with tons of stuff and even then I found a few great pieces...I shop here often and it's the best....you can if you take your time make some amazing finds, expensive brand names at bargain bin prices.
Actually I should be telling you to go somewhere else so I get the deals...:)  I can't rate this place highly enough!
The help is so nice, too!
AAAA+++!

Epic thrift is an Epic Fail.
Here's why:  Found two items right off the bat with their original tags on them.
Epic Thrift was asking for MORE than the original prices!
I mean, come on.
At least take the original tags off.
These werent new items , either.
I walked around the entire store and found that the clothes were too pricey.
People, you get this stuff for FREE.
Poor people need to buy clothes too, but you'll find cheaper clothes at Walmart.
Finally, I went to the childrens book section and found several Thomas the tank engine books, all in the same series.
When I went to pay, I realized they were all priced differently - some as low as .69 cents, some as high as $2.00!
For a soft-cover childrens book that is $3.00 new!
This is the first - and last - time I check out this thrift store.
Epic thrift - get a clue.
Youll make more money and turn over more items if you lower your prices.

Epic is Epic.
This thrift store is clean and organized, with decent prices.
I don't personally like how they organize their close - by color - because I hate finding something super cute that isn't in my size.
Mega bummer.
I'd rather have it organized by size, but to each their own.
Lots of great deal to be found!
Good quality stuff.
Hot tip: get a 25% off your entire purchase coupon if you donate anything!
I think this is for this location only.

Definitely worth stopping by.
I personally LOVE the way they organize the clothes by color.
Pretty good brands, got some really cute tops for $1.99-3.99 each.
Store is clean & much more organized than a few other thrift shops I've been to in the past.

I have been to this Epic thrift location twice in the last six months to shop and once to drop off some clothing.
I can't remember the last time I bought brand new clothing from a traditional retailer.
The first time I went in was on a Thursday, which meant a certain color tag was only one dollar.
I left that day spending a little over $18 and came home with 17 pairs of pants(dress pants and jeans).
I have read the reviews and I would agree some of the items I looked at were overpriced-in my opinion, however this has been true of every single thrift store I have ever been, ever.
I did what I always do when I see a tag price I don't like...move on to the next item on the rack.
I was able to find a pair of banana republic jeans, banana republic slacks, true religion black denim jeans, skinny leg levi's, and a host of others- all for $1 each!
There are plenty of gems in this place to warrant a walk through, you have nothing to lose and maybe you will find your next favorite pair of jeans- or like me, find seven pair of jeans that you now can't live without.
The new manager, I wish I could remember his name- was fantastic and friendly when answering any questions I had.
http://www.epicthriftstores.com/store-locations/las-vegas-store-2/

Epic Thrift is a bit lower priced than say, Goodwill or Salvation Army.
Not as bad as Savers on the overpriced "antiques" either.
A thrift store is a thrift store.
It depends on your personal shopping style or preferences.
We are rehabilitated-rockabillys so we only search for Eames era vintage items.
I could only tell you that it doesn't matter which thrift store you go to, the antiques are sparse and spread out now a days.
Epic is a breath of moth-ball dingy thrift store air!
I like it.

