Came to this spot looking for Canters Deli but this spot was there instead.....
I asked about Canters and was told it was rebranded 3 weeks ago into a Chicago Style Hot Dog joint.
Being a fan of Chicago Style dogs I was intrigued...
I ordered a Chicago Style hot dog for myself and a Chili dog from my friend.
After about 8 minutes our food was ready  At first glance they looked good size but easily deceived by big box it came in   Chili dog was umimpressive,bun was super soft and fell apart after one bite.
My Chicago Dog looked good and came with all the trimmings but then bun was super soft and dog had no flavor to the meat.
Bright green relish was good and so was the pickle and the chili pepper.
But other then that this place did not give Chicago dogs a good representation.
What saved this from being a one star were the fries, they abundant and very good.
They had a good potato flavor to them and crisp but soft on the inside.
If I ever come back ill order a basket of fries but none of the hot dogs...

This is not Chicago style.
Ordered an Italian beef and polish dog.
Neither reminded me of Chicago.
Polish tastes more like a regular hot dog and after 2 bites, I couldn't eat it anymore.
Italian beef was ok but like how my boyfriend pointed it out, it's not soggy or good enough.
Even the beer tastes funky.
Ordered a blue moon and returned it for a colors light but it was still tasting wrong.

Very mediocre food.
There is nothing special about their hotdogs and fries.
Piece was definitely overpriced for quality.
I think it's priced for location.
I will only come back if I stayed at treasure island with no energy to talk anywhere outside their casino and all the other food spots were closed... Maybe then I'll get room service instead.
Need to either change up the quality or the price.
The place is quite slow, just 2-3 other tables were occupied.

Meh.
Is about the perfect way to describe this place.
First, it's too expensive (I know it's Vegas, on the Strip, but improve quality if you're going to have such high cost).
Food was okay at best.
With so many other places at all different price ranges no need to eat at this one.

We were drinking, we were gambling, we were hungry!
The solution?
Little Richies Chicago Style Beef and Dogs.
I got myself a huge chili cheese dog, fries and soda.
The chili had beans in it, which I normally don't care for, but they went just well on this dog.
The husband ordered the $10 basket of wings, fries and drink.
Even though my dog was great, I couldn't resist trying out his wings.
Let's put it this way, when we returned the next evening we both ordered $10 basket of wings.
The cashier remembered us from the night before and even comped our soda's.
Being in the casino, I wouldn't think this would be the best place for families to dine.
The seating is very near the loud noise and smokey excitement of the casino floor.
The average cost of a meal here is about $15.
We will def go back!

This place used to be some kind of Deli from NYC but it's been converted into a hot dog joint?
They got rid of the table seating and there's a poker room there now...wth!
My friends and I were in a hurry to grab some food and this was literally the only dining option available at treasure island.
I really think TI is in need of hiring a new director of food and beverage because the restaurant selections at the hotel are so bad it's not even funny.
Anyway, I wanted something quick and easy so I went ahead and got a chili cheese hot dog with coleslaw on the side.
The dog was wrapped in some funny plastic sheet so when I was ready to eat the darn thing it was super soggy and nasty.
I ended up just using a knife and fork to assault my food.
The hot dog itself tastes like any store bought, mass produced amalgamation of meats.
The chili didn't taste that well and I wouldn't be surprised if it came out of a bag.
Coleslaw was surprisingly refreshing and good.
I tried some of their house cut fries and they were nicely done!
If you want eat something quick at TI, avoid this place and go to that pizzeria near the self parking garage or just walk across to the fashion mall's food court.

This place sucks!
I wish Canters would come back.
Same price as Canters (~$15 for a sandwich), but at a fraction of the size!
That is totally whack!

Expensive  Soggy bread but got fixed- good customer service.
Over cooked meat on Philly- it was dry.
Spiced well.
Good hot dog but small.
Great fries!
Need vinegar offered at the condiment bar!

Not very good and over priced.
Soggy bread average hot dog.

There was only one worker when we got there with 4 parties ahead of us but he was fast & someone came along to help.
The food was ready pretty fast, considering the crowd ahead of us and it was pretty tasty.
We shared a huge deli sandwich that had too much meat for my taste, but it was good.

We just arrived in Vegas.
And, after ten long hours of being tortured by screaming babies and bad plane movies, we were excited to grab a bite of REAL food (and not anything in the realm of "cookies, pretzels, or peanuts" ... you know, the battle-cry of the flight attendant).
The folks who work here were friendly and super accommodating (I'm a vegetarian and they offered to make me an off-menu grilled cheese ... which was very, very nice of them!).
Unfortunately, the food was super overpriced and lacking in flavor.
The grilled cheese was dry and bland, the chili-dogs were soggy, and the turkey club was "blah.
"  I'll give it two stars because we were hungry and this fulfilled that basic need.
And, the employees were warm and willing to help the customer.
The food is not so great ... maybe management can work on making the food match the prices?
Needless to say, we did not return during our week-long stay.

This place is false advertising!
I tried the Italian beef sandwich and a soda for $13.50 and it it was not fit to eat!
This place gives Chicago food a bad name.
Nothing at all like true Chicago food.
Please remove the Chicago from the name.
I would never waste my money or time here again.

My husband is from Chicago and he thought the "Chicago Dogs" were pretty good for not being in Chicago!
It's hard to duplicate!
I got the Philly Cheese Steak, I had to add sport peppers and salt but it was pretty good.
It was definitely a lot of food!
Customer service was very great, Raven and Brian were very attentive and pleasant!
Kudos to you for not making us think we were just another customer!
My only request is they offer sliced jalapeño peppers to add to sandwiches.
Oh and by the way, if you vegetarian this is probably not the place for you!

