Just released after 2 nights in with blood clots in leg and lung.
Echo other comments re attitude of staff, both in ER and 4th staff.
Consistently friendly, caring, attentive and patient.
They took great care of me and kept me informed of what was going on and why.

I would give this hospital, and I use this term loosely, no stars if yelp would let me.
The first ER doctor though busy did absolutely nothin for my grandmother.
We had 2 very excellent nurses in Kathy and Ben, they helped keep us sane in all the chaos.
The next ER doctor was at least helpful and followed through with what he said he was going to do.
Our case manager Chris was also very helpful.
This brings me to my biggest gripe.
The Medical Records section.
There is probably shady dealings going on in that section, if not highly illegal activities.
They seem to think its okay to lie to family members about releasing the records, so the family doctor knows what's going.
We got 2 different prices per page for printing.
Lied to about not having all the records.
Told that the records were incomplete so they could not be released.
Hell, even a doctor in Hawaii knows not to trust this records department.
If there was ever an audit that needs to be done it needs to be that section.
People should be fired for that if not criminally prosecuted!!

This hospital is the worst place that I have ever been for medical care.
Let me start by saying that the actual RN's are very nice and caring however the hospital and staff prefers to give a student nurse and one that is still in training at that.
Upon our arrival at the ER the front check in was horrible,  rude, and acted as if they hated their jobs.
Then a Dr.
Came to see us in the waiting room never checked my vitals or anything else simply laughed and stated it was probably food poisoning.
3 hours later we were shoved in a hallway in the ER were we were told we needed an X ray of the chest.
Umm we were here for severe vomiting,  diarrhea,  and dehydration.
Finally a nurse came and gave an IV she was very nice but hardly ever available.
After 14 hrs a doctor seen us and we were admitted.
But another 4 hours later were taken upstairs to an "overflow" area because no beds were available I was told I would be in a cubicle ha...
I was placed in a empty storage facility room with another sick person and that's were I was left.
The story doesn't end here.
Nothing but Pima medical students and Everest students came in.
They had to do 3 IV's because they didn't no what they were doing!
Finally my daughter arrived and stated I would no longer be a test rat for these medical assistant anymore.
I was finally given an RN and still never seen a doctor until 8 hours later.

I checked in yesterday to this hospital.
Now the staff are kind to u.
But the doctor misread my test had me their almost 6 hours.
Altho he came clean & told me I don't have holes in my heart like he misread...6 hours are gone from my life that I can never get back.
Time that was wasted because of his misdiagnosed test.
He told my family & myself he did not know why I passed out at the nail shop yesterday and that I could return home.
I got no prescriptions from the doctor no nothing.
So I struggle with how many stars to give.
One star for them being nice.
One star for being able to tell the truth.
One star for the hospital being clean.
Will I return?
I just don't know.

