This place is awesome!

After going to nearly 10 optometrists to find new glasses, I was beginning to despair I might never find one in Las Vegas that offered the same level of service as my old East Coast optometrist.
Then I walked into the Optic Gallery at Anne and Centennial Pkwy!
The store is spacious and well organized with a wide variety of frames at many price points.
I was immediately greeted in a friendly way (which cannot be said of most of the other places I tried) and then, within a minute or two, offered personal assistance from Jessica, who actually seemed to care that I purchase the frames that were right for me.
She guided me to the best styles for my face and helped me try on several varieties, offering her honest and helpful opinion along the way.
She helped me find a pair of frames that I hadn't even considered before, and I was extremely happy with my choice.
Of course, I decided I wanted to special order a different color from what was in stock, which wasn't a problem until it turned out they were on back order from the manufacturer.
But no problem, Jessica found a sales rep who hand-delivered the frames--no waiting at all!
That's fantastic service!
The prices at this location are a little higher than at other area stores, so I wouldn't recommend this location if you are looking for a bargain (stick to the BOGO offers at the mall stores in that case).
However, given the level of service and obvious attention placed on customers, I highly recommend Optic Gallery at Anne and Centennial Pkwy.

I went here to update my prescription and this place is really solid; it's not too crowded and the staff is really friendly.
the wait as a walk-in is kinda long so I suggest making an appointment.
they take many insurances!
I also have astigmatism and my colored contacts came in right away, not even a week later!
I love getting new stuff and I'm excited to come in next month and get new glasses!!!
//UPDATE: I got new glasses here at 2pm on a weekday during holiday break!
it wasn't crowded, and picking out a frame and paying only took a short 25 minutes!!
They are really professional and really try to go as fast as possible!
Contacts and glasses are pretty cheap here compared to a lot of other offices I used to buy from!

Dr.Radtke is very thorough with her exams.
By far, with all the optometrists I have seen she has to be the best.
Making decisions with my eye care is so much easier with her because of the amount of information she gives.
This office offers a variety of different cool and modern frames.
I did not want to trust my daughters eye care with anyone else but I was worried that they would not have a big selection of children's frames.
Highly mistaken they have a really awesome collection for kids in fact we were torn between 6 different frames.

Dr. Wang rocks!!
He was professional, caring, educated and took his time to talk to me in regards to my eye problem--clogged ducts.

