As far convenience stores go this should be the model they all use in the industry.
Fast checkout nice people.

I usually stop in this QT twice a week.
I love the friendly staff here.
The restrooms are always really clean here.
I love that they have a huge drink selection and the machines are mostly in working condition.
If I still lived down the street I'd be in here daily

I lose things.
Usually I lose my keys, an important piece of paper, my driver's license and my debit card.
I have lost my debit card so many times I have lost count (notice a trend here)?
This helps my children's argument that I am old.
Last time I lost my debit card at a Circle K in Tucson, the employee at the gas station where I left it decided she was going to have an early christmas.
She charged $800.00 worth of gas to my card.
Every cash transaction was charged to my card and she pocketed the money.
Until my bank canceled the card and notified me.
So this time around, I stopped at this gas station, pumped gas and paid for it at the pump.
Once I was done I walked over to use their very clean restrooms.
I was going to get some snacks like I usually do when I stop here but I figured Tucson is not that much of a drive and I could wait to eat something there.
Once in Tucson, I was out shopping with my family and realized my debit card was missing amidst the eye rolling of my daughter.
Oops, I did it again.
I looked in my purse and in my car, I thought it was gone until upon returning to Gilbert I decided maybe, just maybe, I dropped it at the gas station.
Once there, the guy quickly looked in a drawer and found it.
He looked at the picture on my card and said this is you!
Which made me wonder if this guy will marry me.
The picture is 12 years old and well, I was 20 when it was taken.
Much better looking me back then.
Amazed!
They have great gas prices, they have clean bathrooms, they have a well stocked store and very friendly employees who above all are honest!
Thank you Quick Trip!
You guys rock!

All of the employees are rock stars.
They probably see 10k customers a day.. And even though you know they're "over it", they always act like you are a worthy customer.
Love this store, drive out of my way to hit this specific location.

