This is the same as the Sunflower Farmer's market, they just changed the name.
Everything is exactly the same.

Yelp 100 Challenge * 20/100  If Sunflower Farmer's Market rings a bell, this is it - except the name's been change.
My friends and family always refer to it as the cheaper Whole Foods, sprinkled with organic goodies, exotic sauces (from asian to indian), oils and we specifically loved the self-measured granola, trail mixes, coffee beans and other munchies.
It's heaven for the health conscious.
Feels comparatively cleaner after change in management (not like it wasn't before).
Great options.
Friendly staff.
My friend and I instantly fell in love with the place and ended up buying things we didn't intend to.
Particular granola favorites include cranberry acai granola and blueberry flax granola.
Taste awesome with cereals and really help keep hunger in check during hikes up the mountains.

All kinds of goodies!
Being a vegetarian it's a little hard in Las Vegas,but now that Sprouts is in town I feel much better!
Big variety of organic fruits and vegetables that I visit 3-4 times per week, the frozen section is pretty busy as well with great foods.
I've never visited this place before, when it used to be Sunflower, so I can't say if its better,but for sure is great.
The only thing that I miss is the fresh juice section that Whole Foods has...
I think that would be a great addition to this market!
If your into organic , this is the place to shop!!!
Probably 2-3 times cheaper than whole foods!

Before this place was called Sprouts it was Sunflowers.
I loved this place before they renamed it.
The prices are great but there can be times when some stuff can be a bit overpriced.
You'll just have to look very carefully at the prices and before you actually buy the food.
Although Whole Foods is organic Sprouts is all about organic and a little cheaper than Whole Foods too.
My boyfriend and I started cooking more this year and ever since the beginning of February til now we've only gone grocery shopping here 3 times.

I am always happy to shop at Sprouts formerly known as Sunflowers.
In fact, i find reasons to go shopping here.
This grocery store is a happy medium between Whole Foods and Trader Joe's if you know what I mean.
It has a full produce selection that is very fresh and affordable.
Their wine selection is surprisingly decent.
As far as meat, I have only shopped for their no hormones poultry here which is reasonably priced.
Just about everything here is affordable without sacrificing quality.
It's health food for the masses!
Last but not least, the staff is friendly, and happy to serve.
Sometimes rare in this town.
Happy shopping!

This is by far my favorite grocery store in Vegas!
I have no idea how Whole Foods stays in business anymore ... First things first, what you must know : the store receives their products, fruits, veggies e.t.c., every Monday, Wednesday Friday and Saturday !
The only reason why I asked about this is because one of the days, a Sunday , I walk in and most of their organic section was empty...totally heart broken, so I had to do a little digging and keep you inform about how things work around here :) For all your organic needs,this is the place to go!

WHO: Those of you who like fresh & organic fruits & veggies!
WHY: To get your health on, plus find other interesting things to add to your cart ;)  WHERE: Flamingo & Rainbow.
It actually used to be the Sunflower Market  WHAT: One afternoon, my friend asked if I wanted to go to an organic food place called Sprouts.
It was perfect because I just started this whole "diet" thing, trying to eat a little healthier than usual.
Once I walked into the store, I was so amazed at what they had.
It was like a little kid in a candy store.
I bought a bunch of organic fruits and vegetables, and I also found the love of my life... ORGANIC PEANUT BUTTER!
Holy moly, when I popped that jar open and tried some, I had to go back for more!
So...
I suggest you go there when you're bored or hungry.
Either way, YOU WILL WIN!
Lol.

Firsty, DON'T be fooled by the name because it's not a traditional farmers market.
Just another grocery store that gets a lot of their produce from MEXICO.
The prices are way too high, especially their "sprouts brand" and it really isn't quality, nor does it taste good.
I live very close and use it often to pick up items, it's no different than your average grocery store.
The selection isn't great either.
I'm not sure why people give it such great reviews.

When I need a BBQ corn nut fix, I head over to Sprouts.
I've been seriously addicted to these things since my fiance's sister introduced them to us in CA and I was happy to know that the NV Sprouts carried them too!
I need to slowly ween myself off them though, too much sodium.
We tend to buy vegetables in bulk from Costco, but I think Sprouts is a great alternative to find organic vegetables at a very reasonable price.
Both asparagus and green kale were on sale the last time we went here, but for some reason, the organic kale didn't bake as well when we made kale chips compared to the 'regular' kale we buy at Albertson's.
Although this won't be on main grocery store, it's nice to have this very clear and organic grocery store option so close by.

A bit limited in selection and a bit overpriced...
The Sprouts made salsa is really good and pretty frickin' spicy!
I'll definitely be buying more :)

I used to love Sunflower, but in the few years of my absence they were apparently replaced by/bought out by Sprouts.
It looks much the same to me as far as content, and prices are reasonable compared to the big box grocers and overpriced Whole Foods and Tivoli Village.
They have a nice variety of non-organic and organic produce and it all looks good.
No rotten fruit or veggies hidden with the good stuff.
I wish there were one in Summerlin.

I love that the store opens early and closes late.
Especially considering that my son drinks goats milk and they have it at the best price.
Also the stores very clean and the staff is always very friendly.
The produce is fresh and they have a very great selection.
I love sprouts stores.

If you'd like to have an alternative to Whole Foods because of distance or other grocery stores because of prices on produce, Sprouts is my "other grocer.
"  I come here for generally lower prices on produce, healthier general selections than Albertsons.
If its not lower than Albertson's its at least the same price.
Many more organic options as well are offered.
Its a small store, but packs in quite a bit of variety considering.
Check it out!
Plus, there's a yummy bakery next door.

Loving this place with all the fresh and orgnanic fruits and veggies.
It's like a whole foods but a lot less uppity and a whole lot cheaper on most things.
Look foward to my next visit.

I  love love love Sprouts!
They have the freshest organic fruits and vegetables that wouldn't cost you as much compared to other places that offer them.
To give you an idea of the value, $1.99/bunch for all these items: -Green Kale -Red Kale -Lacinato Kale -Red Chard -Rainbow Chard -Beets (you get 3 medium sized in a bunch, stems included) -Collard greens $3.99/5 lbs of organic carrots   I also used to order most of my organic/fair trade health and beauty products online, to my surprise, they offer the same selection for the same price, sometimes even less.
I now buy my Acure, Dr. Bronner's, raw organic local honey, coconut oil, and chia seeds from them just to name a few specific examples.
Give them a visit, I am almost certain you will keep going back.

They have some good deals on produce.
Ok selection of organic produce.
People marginally friendly.
All of their personal care items are $2 to $6 higher than Whole Foods market.
Underwhelming experience.
Might go back for the produce though.

This place would have received 5 stars if their organic produce selection was larger or even kept in stock...same goes for their chicken and turkey cutlets...why are they always out of the good stuff??
The cashiers, butchers and produce guys are always so helpful and friendly!
The market is clean and i love the selections of healthy and yummy foods they have to offer.
I shop here every week and love this place other than them running out of the good stuff!!
Ha!

I used to frequent Sunflower Market in Phoenix when I lived there as a broke student.
I can't believe it has taken me THIS long (extends hands) to visit Sprouts!
(Sprouts was Sunflower in a previous life, from what I have learned.
)    The "farmers market" label may not be entirely correct -- is it?
I'd love to know for certain!
-- but the produce and other grocery items look fresh and fabulous.
The store is clean and organized and the clerks are super helpful and friendly.
One quibble regarding the seafood: I do not understand the "fresh from frozen" label.
I thought fresh was fresh and frozen was frozen!
Some yelpers describe Sprouts as a (more) budget friendly Whole Foods and I have to concur.
I am a huge fan of the bulk section and fear for my waistline: so many treats for cheap!
Chocolate malt balls!
Yogurt-covered pretzels!
Nuts!
I'm coming back for more.

This place is a bit pricey but they have a lot items to help with healthy living and you can't put a price on eating better to help your health.
I don't come here a lot but it is my go to place for vitamins and organic food items.

I like Sprouts.
I've been shopping at this store since it was Sunflower Market.
Sprouts is one of those stores that I just FEEL better once I walk in.
Its bright, its clean, there's usually a pretty decent selection, and the staff is pretty nice as well.
The main reason I go there these days is to pick up a chlorophyll supplement.
Sprouts has a HUGE selection of vitamins and dietary supplements.
I've picked up a couple of bottles of the Ginko Smart, which seems to help my mood and help me to focus more.
They have a very good selection of chlorophyll as well, both in liquid and pill form.
Sprouts has a section full of all natural and organic soap, lotion, shampoo, etc.
They sell yoga mats, yoga accessories, calendars, candles, incense, cds...  Then we have the food selection.
:D  Sprouts has a great produce section.
We picked up some purple potatoes there, I've never seen them anywhere else.
Purple sweet potatoes, fruit, amazing veggie selection...
They have a decent meat selection, although it makes me sad that they don't sell rabbit meat anymore.
Now I have to drive over to Glaziers and pay $9.99/pound.
My other favorite part of Sprouts, besides the vitamin supplements, is the "bulk bins.
"    Yesterday I bought a pound of roasted unsalted almonds, and about a pound of dried cranberries for about $12.
They can be a little pricey though...I almost picked up some dried cherries, but they were $12.99 PER POUND.
No thanks.
Too rich for my blood.
I don't find their prices any worse than Whole Paycheck...I mean Whole Foods, and Sprouts is WAY closer.
I shop here frequently, and plan to continue to do so.

My favorite part of Sprouts are the rows of dispensers that are filled with grains, legumes, nuts, and other delicious snacks that you can take as little or as much as you want.
This is a wonderful way to purchase couscous and quinoa without having to buy a box or container of them.
I also really like their Roasted and Salted Inka Plaintains, Roasted and Salted Inka Corn, and various almonds (like Honey Roasted or Cinnamon).
Generally, I like smaller grocery stores because it's easier to maneuver and easier to find what I need.
Everything is clean and the layout is simple.
The staff has been friendly and helpful as well.

It is awesome place for vegetable and fruits.
Their meat section is awesome too.
Overall it is very clean and pleasant and prices are reasonable.
Even organic stuff are reasonably priced

The store is smaller than I remember it being when it used to be Wildflower Market, but maybe it's just because the rows in the aisles are lower than in other stores.
This was my first time here since it was converted to Sprouts a while ago.
The selection is good and they have lots of organic foods for reasonable prices here.
It's a place to come for specialty items, so I don't see it replacing my regular grocery store runs, but it's perfect for supplemental things I might need.

Sprouts is like a Trader Joe's on steroids.
Same quality organic items, but wayyy more selection.
Unfortunately, the prices are a bit jacked as well.
Sure, it's still cheaper than Whole Paycheck, but it'll still cost you a pretty penny .
Aisles are clean, staff is friendly and there are some good cuts of meat in the cuts of meat aisle :) If you're sick of the tight quarters in TJ's, this is your new home.
Pro tip: there is a section with dozens of items dipped in dark chocolate.
Do not miss this.

I come here for two reasons, gluten free foods and spectacular fresh produce.
Most everything in the store is over priced for my liking but if you shop using  the ad it's not bad.
I drive across town just to get my veggies, that's how good they are.

shopping at sprouts will have you thinking that you have been bamboozled by wholefoods AND their prices.
The freshest produce, the most organic options, the most vegan options, friendly staff, and great prices.
Ya, the beer selection is pretty good as well.
Theres been numerous occasions where the staff has gone out of their way to accommodate the wife and I.

Great place to shop for organic fruits and veggies as well as vegetarian and vegan products.
Sprouts also has a great selection of natural hygiene/beauty products.
They has a large beer/wine section.
Their dark chocolate bars are delicious!
Staff are welcoming and friendly.
It's worth your time to go exploring here!

PRO - Very convenient on my way home from the gym.
Cheaper than Whole Foods.
Staff is fairly helpful.
The store is small so I can run in, get what I need and get out quickly.
CON - BUGS!
I noticed some little moth-like critters flying around in the bulk/coffee section and didn't think much of it.
I grew up in the country so things like that are not too creepy for me.
HOWEVER, some of them came home with me and multiplied in my kitchen.
What a nightmare to have little Indian moths all over my kitchen, complete with larvae.
I had to throw away almost everything in my cabinets, disinfect and put traps in to catch the rest.
Now that I think about it, it's disgusting and I'm sure it's a Health Department violation, so they might need to clean that up.
I will not be going back, so now I drive miles out of my way between the gym and home just to get groceries.

This Sprouts is my favorite location for groceries in Las Vegas.
The selection of fruits and veggies is always fresh and I enjoy picking through their cheeses and store branded snack foods.
The employees have always been professional and courteous, and the sales are often quite good.
I definitely need to get out here more often to get more healthy foods for my diet.

I only go here if I'm in the neighborhood and don't feel like driving to Trader Joe's or dealing with Whole Foods.
It has the basics of what most people would need for your healthy food choices.
They do have some good sales once in a while but generally I would say prices are up there, similar to Whole Foods.
I happen to find probiotics on clearance plus an extra 25% off all vitamins for their current sale and I was happy about that.
Produce is decent but nothing special.
Their organic section is small and doesn't look very exciting.
Meat seems overpriced here, but nice in small packages for single people.
For me, I only go if nearby and wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
Employees are friendly and seem knowledgable to a certain extent and the store is clean which I like.

Sprouts is one of my favorite grocery stores.
The store is on the smaller side for a grocer, but it is a market.
Perfect size in my opinion.
Their produce is beautiful, flavorful and inexpensive.
The bulk section is a definite bonus.
Everything from the fresh seafood, to the fresh herbs, produce, wine and organic beauty supplies makes this store the perfect fit for me.

Although this place did not have the Tea i needed, Teresa, helped me look for the item in which may have been in stock at one point,  she wasn't one of those people that just shrugs there shoulder and tells me no and good bye, she actually took time out of her hand, to help me look for the item, and gave me alternative options,  this store and having workers like her makes this store awesome!!!

I'm a huge fan of this chain- particularly their double-ad Wednesday sales.
If you sign up on their website, you get the ad delivered straight to your inbox.
Super convenient.
Went in today for one of their 72 Hour sales- 3 pounds of broccoli for $1, 2 cucumbers for $1, boxes of baby spinach and kale for $2 each, a pound of strawberries for $2, boneless skinless chicken breasts $1.69/pound, and $7/pound scallops: all great prices.
Didn't even realize strawberries were in season!
Liked that this store was clean, organized, and well-lit, despite it being in a run-down plaza.
The bakery, deli, and premade foods (including soups, salads, and various packaged plates and meals!
) are right by the entry and very tempting- the soup and rotisserie chicken aromas always make me rethink whether I'm really going to cook dinner with my groceries that night or not.
In any case, I found my items easily and did not see any produce of questionable quality- everything seemed fresh and washed.
Line to check out went really slowly- the cashier seemed really emotional and upset and barely said a word to me.
Another employee came over, whispered something to her, and set out a sign closing her line after my purchase.
Very odd.
Bonus star for having plentiful parking directly in front of the building- I really hate having to drag a cart across a parking lot, and here it seemed parking was plentiful enough to where it was unlikely to be an issue.

Good local market that offers a variety of products.
Organic and non-organic.
Their produce is, a lot of times pretty cheap, in comparison with the big chain stores.
Good alternative place to go if you think Whole Foods is a bit on the expensive side.
Similar to like Trader Joe's but bigger as well.
Good sized bakery as well as meat department.

I like the produce selection and pricing at sprouts.
The prices and service we're definitely better when this market was Sunflower Market .
The one complaint I have is, many times coming in the item will scan incorrectly.
The customer service is very much lacking at the front end, the meat counter has good product but sometimes is a little pricey

Although I don't love the location, this has become one of my favorite grocery stores to shop.
They have a great selection of fresh produce at a reasonable price, some lovely organic options, and a my personal favorite - a decent sized bulk foods section.
The staff has always been very friendly, and the joyful customer interaction is also an added bonus.
I definitely recommend!

Two thumbs down on the prepared food sections.
I've seen better and healthier offerings at Vons.
I had to opt for the frozen section to find something decent for a snack.
Two thumbs up on the supplements and dry goods sections.
They actually have a really extensive supplements section.
I wish it was a bit more organized, but overall, fantastic selection here.
For a small health food store, this does the job, but don't stop by on your lunch hour if you are looking for something healthy.

Great place to buy health food at a reasonable price.
They have a great selection of premade soups.
Great deil section and a very helpful butcher shop

LOVE THIS PLACE!
I don't buy produce any other place now.
Everything is so fresh, they have a very wide selection and their meats look amazing (haven't purchased any yet, but I'm sure I will).
I recommend taking the extra time to buy your produce at Sprouts.

I love Sprouts.
I can't do my entire list here, but it sure as heck beats out the hot mess and the huge cost encountered at Whole Foods (who now doesn't even guarantee certified organics, thanks to Monsanto and all your greedy $$$).
Sprouts offers a lot of seasonal fruits and veggies.
There are tons of people working, stalking shelves and produce, dedicated people in the vitamin/mineral/supplements section.
I definitely recommend this place for fresh veggies, supplies for a vegan/vegetarian options, supplements, detox, whole foods, and bulk buying of quinoa, beans, flours, steel oats, and a few other healthy, clean, raw options.

April 25-27, 2014  Amazing Service!
While in Vegas, my sister and I came to their local Sprouts for their food.
Went to the sandwich spot and the food was fresh, delicious, and service was fantastic.
This place is better than the Sprouts I go to in Cali!
They are NOT stingy at all.
This tells you how much I love this place...I came here for breakfast, lunch, and lunch before we left Vegas to head on home.
Soups are soooooo delicious!

I buy my veggies here and they're fairly priced.
The quality of the produce is always fresh and the staff knowledge is a plus.
Everyone is super friendly on top of it all.
One final perk: they have an decent selection of Eco-friendly wine :-).

Love this store, I travel 25 minutes to get there every week and well worth the drive.
Great prices, inventory is well stocked and very helpful employees.
Carolyn V

Enjoyed a few fresh, handmade stuffed turkey burgers with the family, made by Chris!
He was so friendly and helpful.
He even made 2 special for the picky eater in the house, (me!)!
I love this store!

Offers different options for vegan products and great prices on organic produce.
Also have a great selection of organic herbs, supplements, and dry goods.
Am able to do most of my grocery shopping list here and whatever I can't get here I but at Wholefoods, which saves me some money.
Just not a big fan of the location, looking forward to the Summerlin location to open.

98% of my shopping experiences has been so horrible.
I finally drew the line when the corp. Headquarters didn't return my call; explained that the cashier accused me of STEALING when I tried to go to a different cashier who wasn't rude.
Another kind manager at the Trop.
Location explained the S rainbow location was under a temporary manager.
The temporary manager told me that every customer in line told him I was trying to Steal and run out the door.
Another cashier another time had squashed my bread and broke eggs.
I also had holes in my bags from the organic bulk bins.
Also found they had dented  some of the canned foods.
When asking kindly for my bag refunds I received eyes rolling and loud discourteous pouting.
If you want to be abused then continue to shop here.
If their corporate headquarters doesn't care - I will gladly drive by Sprouts and take my business somewhere else where I'm not treated as a low class citizen or a CRIMINAL.
This is a 0  star rating, yelp requires a star rating

Sprouts is a good market for certain things - veggies, fruits, vitamins, natural health and beauty products, and bulk items like oatmeal.
Those items are reasonably priced and of good quality.
They also have things I can't find anywhere else.
I suppose I could go to Whole Foods, but that is a bit out of my price range.
Sprouts is on the other side of town for me, but when I'm over on Rainbow I always stop there and stock up.
They always have good sales on in-season fruits and veggies.
I also buy several pounds of oatmeal for $.99/lb.
Less expensive than any grocery store in town.
The only complaint I have is that they don't seem to have a customer service desk.
When customers return items, it is at the check-out and the cashiers never seem to know how to do a return.
It takes a while and always seems to happen when I'm in a hurry.

Love this store, we shop here weekly.
We just received the most awesome customer service.
Last week we got a bad batch of almond flour/meal, ruined our weekly baking of cookies and muffins :(  I called, mainly to inquire if anyone else had reported any problems.
The lady I spoke with told me to bring back what we had left, and they refunded our $.
The manager of the bulk section was super helpful, even went and looked what they had at the back, she came out with a brand new unopened batch, which was the consistency that the almond meal should have, the one from the week before was very dry, this kind of clumped together, like we are used to it doing.
The manager told the check out lady not to charge us for this purchase.
Totally awesome customer service!

I like shopping here, but after this weekend, I have to drop a couple stars.
We walked in, wanting to buy some shrimp for dinner.
Upon entering the store, there was a really rank smell, throughout the WHOLE store.
Something smelled sour, and we couldn't place what it was.
That should have tipped us off, but we bought the shrimp (cooked jumbo shrimp) and some cocktail sauce anyway, along with my coffee.
(I love being able to grind my beans the way I want them, until I can find my own, lost somewhere in my kitchen.
)  Went home, and put the shrimp in a brine (like we ALWAYS do) and put them in the fridge.
Took a short nap, and then got up to have dinner.
My fella took a bite, looked at me, and then put the piece down.
He picked up another shrimp and took a bite.
"Taste this.
" he says, handing it to me.
I took a bite, and it was absolutely disgusting.
The shrimp tasted like bleach and fish.
It smelled awful.
We returned it, and the cocktail sauce, luckily, with no problems...but we told them that they may want to check the rest of the shrimp, and they didn't address it, at least not while we were there watching.
Very sad...this was always our go to place if Smith's was too expensive or didn't have what we wanted...I seriously doubt that we'll return, unless its for coffee.

Decent prices, decent selection, but one big mis-step in my mind.
The organic fruits have a big giant sticker on them, adhesive and all.
Really HATE that they do that.

Very poor customer service.
Staff is rude, unhelpful, and lazy.
On one occasion I asked a grocery clerk if they carried a specific produce item, after not even looking up at me, they replied, "No.
"  I then asked if it was just not in season, they told me "I don't know, google it.
"    On another occasion I had a produce clerk quote me one price on item, when I went to check out at the register the clerk told me another price and would not go get or call over the person I just spoke to.
They completely ignored my statements that I had just been quoted by another employee and continued to ring up the rest of my items as if I had said nothing.
I'll be taking my business somewhere else.

This is Not my favorite place to go but with No Whole foods / Trader Joe's around, I'm stuck with this store for my necessary stuff.
Its in a shady area where all the stores are run down, and yes homeless people around.
The workers here look unhappy!
Some are super clueless to simple questions too.
Don't get me wrong the place is always clean and stuff are well put together on the shelves plus the veggie areas.
But The customer service could be better all the way around.
The cashier at the check outs are Always slow like there's no one behind the next person.
They could care less who's there.
"Had an incident that this checker kept on chatting and talking till there was 5 people in line waiting.
He took his sweet ass time!
When I made a comment to speed it up a little.
He got cocky, said "He was taking Physic" in school.
Should I care what classes you're taking?
Does it make you a better person?
It was a joke and he was a joke!
I came to sprout to shop not to hear comments like that.

Oh I could shop here all the time.
Wish it was a bit closer to me and maybe in a slightly nicer area (it seems a bit sketchy) but oh well!
I like their selection of natural and organic products.
I find it to generally be cheaper and more within my price range than Whole Foods.

Great variety of fruits and veggies,  farmer style store,  grains,  grains sold in bulk,  awesome assortment of supplements.

