This is the closest casino to me and every once in a while I stay here just so I can take advantage of the pool.
Last time I stayed at this hotel was July 4th of this year.
It was so hot that week and we wanted to cool off at the pool.
The cabana was about $100 for non-guest, but the pool is free for guest.
It was cheaper to get a room.
Sad though, it rained.
When I checked in on July 4th, I asked for a room with view of the fireworks and the front desk did just that.
Rain may have ruined my pool experience, but the fireworks more than made up for it.
I had a perfect view.
Hotel Description: Not a bad place to go.
I say about 90% of the patrons are all locals.
This hotel/casino is a mini-Red Rock.
The rooms also remind me of Red Rock.
I don't do much gambling here, but when football season starts, I'm here weekly.
When I'm here, it's usually to eat, watch a movie, or the sportsbook.
For everything else, I drive the extra miles to get my fix.
BTW, my parents love this place.
When they are in town, they don't even sleep at my house anymore, they stay here.
It may be due to the fact that they drop so much money here that they never have to pay for a room.
Love them and I'm sure Aliante loves them too.

The Aliante is a very nice hotel!
We were in Las Vegas for an anniversary party and stayed at the Aliante because it was close to our relative's home.
But we would definitely stay there again if we are ever in Las Vegas.
The staff was very attentive and friendly.
Our room was clean and nicely furnished, very contemporary.
The floor to ceiling windows offered lots of light and a wonderful view.
We opted for a non-smoking room on the 9th floor, which is considered a preferred floor.
That means our room had a mini refrigerator and the buffet breakfast was included in our rate.
The pool was beautiful and uncrowded, even though the weather was a perfect 80 degrees!
As of November 1, this hotel is no longer part of the "Station" casino chain, so many changes were under way, including new restaurants in the casino.
I can't really rate the casino because we didn't spend much time there.
A bit smoky, as most are.
But lots of options for dining and there is a 16 screen movie theater as part of the complex.
The Aliante is about 30 minutes north of the Strip.
North Las Vegas is quiet and out of the way, quite a contrast to the Strip, but just what we were looking for!

You're disappointing me Aliante!!!
This is an update to my previous review.
My first review of Aliante is 4 stars and at times, even 5 stars.
However, my recent visits here have not been good.
Here are the recent issues -No longer a Station Casino.
This means none of my Great Giveaway Bets qualify here.
As a result, I make my way to Red Rock weekly.
-Rewards Center:  Poor service right now.
Since this is now it's own casino, I have to update my Rewards Card.
The table games no longer issues cards so I'm only able to get a new card at the Reward Center.
They only have one and their lines were super long.
I know it was a weekend, but when you see that many people in line, 2 employees will not cut it.
Was in line for about 30 minutes, then finally gave up.
I didn't even make it halfway.
Also, I don't plan on playing here much anymore so no reason to get a Rewards Card.
-Poker Room Closed:  Yes, even on the weekend.
C'mon man!!
-Sports Book Bar:  I live close to here and use to sit at the bar to check out the games, play a little video poker, and have a drink.
Only issue...tough to get a drink when no one serves you.
There could be bartenders in the bar, but never check on you.
And if you ask them for a drink, they state that someone else has to do it.
How hard is it to open a bottle of Budlight and hand it over?
Seriously??!!
I'm think that Aliante is in a transaction between owners, which is also causing the lack or consistent customer experience.
I will try again since I live so close.
I might have caught the Rewards Center, Bar, Poker Room, and Johnny Rockets all on a bad night.

I would say this hotel is just so so for Vegas.
Nothing special, just your run of the mill station casinos.
I would of given them 3 stars but the wait for  players club was atrocious.
The first attempt I stood for 20 minutes.
They had only two people working the desk and it was averaging 5 minutes per person.
The second time I brought my wife and we traded off.
The wait was nearly 45 minutes just to sign up for the players club.
The ONLY reason we and I'm sure everyone else waited was because of the huge discount it gives you off of the buffet.
50%.
The machines were alright, not quite "Vegas style" play but I did end up winning about $60 dollars which paid for lunch and dinner.
The Buffet was 3-star of 5.
It was chuck-o-rama / old country buffet quality but for $10 a person for dinner service I say it was worth it.
Large variety so it was easy to pick and choose the better of the average quality food.
All in all aside from the astronomical wait times this is a decent place to stay and now that we are in the players club we will likely return again next time we're in town.

The styling of this Hotel/Casino is very nice.
It's convenient having this one on the north end of town.
The buffet is great for selection if you are on this end and want to avoid the Strip.
It's one-stop shopping for food/entertainment-- we will hit one of the restaurants then movie theater for family date night.
:)  The convention center here is also very nice; smaller scale than some of the other casino/hotels in Vegas but it gives it a more personal feeling; a little friendlier.

Just moved to Las Vegas a couple of months ago and decided to try Aliante last night.
I immediately noticed how mis-managed the marketing department was.
They were running a pull tab promotion and there must have been 100's of people in line waiting for the rewards club attendants to service them.
We waited in this long of a line twice and each time it was at least 45 minutes.
What owener of this casino would want all these people standing in line instead of playing their machines.
Do they realize how much money they are loosing while these people wait in line for 5 dollars free play?
Why would they not just put this on your players card?
I for one come to play not spend all my time waiting in line.
REALLY MISMANGED marketing department.

I've only been here a couple times, but it's definitely nice for a casino that's way off the strip.
Everything feels new and clean and the air isn't too smoky.
I was there on a long holiday weekend.
My only major gripe was they didn't have enough tables open.
Sometimes gamblers want a variety.
If I'm not doing well on one blackjack table, I might want to switch to another.
They did have $5 min.
tables which was surprising during the holidays though.
Drink service was also pretty slow.
It took about half an hour to get the drink I ordered which is pretty slow considering there weren't many players at the time.

I prepaid for a room for two nights as part of one of their promotions.
When I got there, I ended up getting stuck with a lot extra fees that were never mentioned.
The two nights cost me almost $200 for a special promotion that said "70% off.
"  I call BS.
When we got there the guy at the counter said they only had one room left so we were in luck..  excuse me?
I already PAID..
I shouldn't need to be lucky to receive a room I already paid for and drove this far to get to..
When we got into the room it was DISGUSTING and smelled like old cigars and made me want to throw up.
We spent about 3 minutes in this SMOKING ROOM before I said I couldn't handle it.
I specifically said NON SMOKING on the website.
We went back downstairs to request a non smoking room and he looked a little annoyed.
He told us that was all he had until I said I was going to flip out if we didn't get a full refund.
He then said we could have a different room but it had two beds instead of our king sized bed that I booked.
I thought we had just gotten the last room in a stroke of luck?
Oh well, whatever, we took the room and it was fine.
The rest of our time there was fine.
Nothing too special but nothing bad.
All in all I wouldn't pay money to go there again.

There are some tables and a lot of slot machines.
If you live in the area, it could be a good place to go and hang out.
I would never recommend a drive from the strip to gamble here, but not bad for a locals hang out.
With dollar beer and hot dogs, how can you go wrong!

The new ownership has definitely NOT made Aliante a better place.
I used to win a lot more when it was run by Station Casinos.
The new membership has a lot less perks and it's harder to build up points.
Closing the poker room was a major low point, but one of many.
Such a shame because the new ownership could've made a great name for themselves if the transition was a good thing.

This place has gone down hill.
I stayed here many times in the past and the service was always great before.
We checked in for two nights and we are leaving after midnight the first night to stay somewhere else.
The room next door had over 40 people drunk, screaming, and jumping around in the room and the hallway.
We called security many times and nothing!
We have spent a lot of money here in the past but never again.
It reminded me of a cheap Motel 6!
Stay away!

I have been coming here for years and the service and quality has degraded.
I over heard even making negative remarks.
We checked in for two nights but left early.

First of all, none of the soap dispensers had soap in the mens bathroom.
They closed the Original Pancake House, and they have started to run this place down.
The Bistro is confusing...no obvious espresso making machine... no real place to catch lunch except the food court or the buffet.
Kind of disappointing

I only ever really go there for the movies, but I have to say, I love it for a few reasons:  1.
Newer and cleaner than most others I've been to 2.
Better ventilation - walking through the casino to get to the movie theater doesn't mean lungs full of smoke for my kids and me.
Most other local casinos, you just get slapped in the face with the smoke as soon as you walk in.
For me = instant migraine.
Not at Aliante.
I left my credit card in the movie theater ladies room once and didn't realize until a couple of hours after I left.
I called, and someone from the staff had found it and turned it in.
MAJOR POINTS for HONESTY!
I will never forget how helpful the movie theater manager was.
Easier to find your way around.
I get lost in almost every casino I go to, but this one's simple to navigate.

The rooms are very nice, if on the small side, but they are clean, and the staff is pretty good.

I received a coupon book last weekend.
Therefore decided to try this place out I always drive by and have noticed that is looks pretty clean, and well maintained.
Parking was pretty simple.
The lots are freaking huge.
As I walked in with the 2 little ones I immediately noticed that there wasn't to much of a cigarette smell.
Customer service was very polite I went up and asked for a player card.
Although they said that I couldn't have my children with me at the counter.
(I was wondering if they wanted me to sit them at the slot machines)  The lines for the buffet.
I ended up getting in line There were 10 people ahead of me.
We waited for about 15 minutes and ended up getting setting.
I went in and had some free champagne (Sunday Brunch)  Overall the buffet was pretty good.
The only thing I would recommend avoiding are the popcorn shrimp and the syrup for the pancakes.
The meatballs were super good.
0.0 I loves me some meat balls.
The breakfast and desert selection were great.
Overall the server was very on top of her game as well definitely worked for her tip.

Stayed here for for four nights for a local sporting clays shoot.
Not too smokey, the casino was the smokiest area, but the non-smoking rooms were definately smoke free!The hotel was very clean, single king bedroom was smaller than usual for Vegas a room, but nice.
Had booked very much in advance through Expedia and requested a room on any floor below the 4th floor...(it's a fireman thing) only to be told all of those floors were filled and they acted as if they had no clue about my request.
Annoyed but whatever.
No coffemakers in rooms, they give you a voucher for free coffee at Cafe 57 Bistro located within the casino.
Sounds fine, but the Bistro doesn't open until 7 am.
We went there anyway and discovered the manager had just been fired and one server did not show up for work so we had to wait forever for our breakfast even though we were the 2nd couple to arrive that morning.
Things happen so we tried it again on the last day and heard the same song and dance, but there were 4 servers cleaning a 1/4 filled cafe and 1 bussing tables.
Service was horrible, food was great.
We ate  twice at the Market for dinner....AWESOME!!
High quality seafood and steak.
Amazing service too!
;) TGI Fridays had awesome service, the food was so-so.
After a long day we went to enjoy the beautiful pool/spa but found a lesbian couple engaged in activities that should only be conducted behind closed doors!
The next night we hit the spa again and it was great...too much chlorine, but that's better than the alternative!
Make sure couples with babies do not room next to you as the walls are thin and we awoke twice to a screaming baby next door whose mother chose to lay there for an hour before picking it up to comfort the poor child.
Too much valet parking, not enough close hotel parking unless you want to hike awhile.
No day spa or salon here.
They charge a lot for wi-fi connection so just use your phone and save the $$.
There are not any fridges in the rooms either.
The place is beautiful and with a few adjustments it would be a 4 star resort...just not yet.

Its ok, they could have more cooler places inside not just fridays

This review is mainly for the lounge inside Aliante Casino.
In case they have a few, it is the one by the gaming tables and buffet, with the large bar in the center of it.
We came here to hang out for my friend's birthday.
Not only are the girls here very friendly and cute, but the drinks here are cheap!
Presuming they added up all my drinks on my tab LOL, I left feeling like I paid little money for all the fun we had.
I will definitely come back again, and perhaps very soon since it is down the street from my house!

The new Aliante program is easier to move up levels; my boyfriend and I play bingo maybe twice a month and we're at gold level rewards cards; what that really means, we're both a little unsure, but I'd be lying if I said that it didn't make me feel a little special.
It's also a really casual place to hang out; they have dining options from fast food to higher end dining at their bistro- I remember going over the menu thinking that we should try it out sometime.

One night stay, king bedroom.
First appearance is great.
The air is light and no hanging ambiance of an abundance of smoke.
Though I don't think anyone likes motion sensor hand soap dispensers, the bathrooms were well kept.
Clean sinks clean urinals.
Unable to slip into my dress and observe the ladies room.
There are may different restaurants  to choose from.
Fast food, TGI Fridays, Buffett, and Bistro 57.
My favorite was Bistro 57.
Decent prices, great meal and a bit classy.
The casino offers many new slot machines from .01 to $1.00.
They also offer traditional video poker and wheel slots.
Amazing bingo room and sports betting arena.
There are quite a few poker tables, but not as many as I expected.
Cocktail waitresses are beautiful, and serve promptly with a smile.
Class A pool with towel service.
The room was very clean but the bathroom seemed to be small.
Though it did have necessities such as shampoo, conditioner and mouth wash. No tooth brush, tooth paste, comb or brush.
So don't forget to bring your own.
I believe the true symbol of class is a scale located somewhere in the room.
Which Aliante did not offer with their single king.
Good interior design, with desk and 46" plasma.
More pillows then I could use in a life time.
No resort fee and free news paper in the morning.
Hope that if you decide to stay that my review has helpful.

Hate to admit but im becoming a regular here!
LOL!
overall a nice casino!
clean, plenty of machines and they even have a bingo room!
not sure why they have a celebrity parking section on the second deck....have yet to spot any celebs!
but i like it!
close to home with good restaurants and a movie theater!

Its close.
Has some good places to eat, no poker scene, aports book is ok, decent amought of slots, nice rooms, slow during the week.
Great little "locals" spot!

Great casino, its nice, relaxing and affordable.
Plenty of slots and they seem pretty loose every time I come here.
Love their Buffet!
I think this should be one of the top buffets in Vegas... Price is super cheap esp days when they have the buy one get one free!!!
I think they have a huge variety selections and everything is made fresh...
I don't come here because the food is affordable, there buffet really is good.
Now am Asian and I think their Chinese food in the buffet is super delicious!
You can tell the food is made fresh and they know what they are making.
Oh and my favorite breakfast item Eggs Benedict!
Aliante offers Eggs Benedict where as most casinos won't make it anymore...  Give this place a try, its awesome!
Oh they also have a nice Bingo room, seems like this casino is pretty new.

Just recently visited the Aliante Casino & Hotel over the weekend.
I heard that this location was recently sold to a new owner and it shows.
Months ago, I visited the casino and enjoyed playing in the poker room.
When I came in over the weekend, I was surprised to see that the poker room had been turned into slot tournament area.
Big downer for me as a poker player.
Overall, this is an okay casino.
Nice big screens for sports book.
That'll probably be the only reason for me to come back.

The very first thing you need to know... this hotel/casino is as about as far north of the strip as you can get.
If you gave them 1 or 2 stars because the cab ride was outrageous... then you failed to do a little research before booking.
Checked in... the staff were very nice.... we arrived late at night and called ahead for late check in.
No issues.
The room....
It was a non-smoking room.. no smell of smoke (a great thing) very clean and really nice at very reasonable rates.
We had a room right off the elevator and we were worried about noise.
The room was quite... so much so... when we opened our door to leave for the night... people were standing in the hall next to our room having a conversation.
We never heard a thing prior to opening the door.
The casino is nice, wasn't nearly as busy or full of smoke like the casinos on the strip (to be expected do to the location.
They have a food court which is open until 11 or 12 in the evening most days.
All in all as long as you are prepared to make the drive to the strip, this is a very nice hotel/casino to stay at.
We enjoyed our stay and will go back on our next trip to Vegas.

Stayed here because it was near a wedding I was attending (otherwise just stay on the strip).
I would have liked to have given the hotel 5 stars, and I would still give the cleaning crew 5... Clean room, house keeping was always working and near by if u need an extra towel or something ... Nice too.
) pool was ok.
BUT my 2 stars is due to the front desk being so horribly awful!!!
Like really bad.
Checked in and I was misinformed on how I could pay the deposit for the room (I called prior and the.
When I showed up was told something different).
Then when I checked out turns out instead of just the deposit they had re held the entire stay on my card , not just the deposit.
Then I had questions about the Buffett, just about which like to stand in and the front desk girl looked at me like I had just asked her to solve a scientific formula.
Then at check out there was a girl in training (she was the only nice one the whole time) her trainer was demeaning and con-deciding to her.
Very, very badly trained front desk crew and rude!
Like I said, clean which is good, and they did give a military discount, but still considering the price and the location... Just stay on the strip!

This review is in regards to the pool area with cabana rental and a hotel stay.
I am local, so the location wasn't an issue.
Also, I don't gamble nor did I eat in any of the restaurants inside the casino.
We stayed in a 2 Queen room and I was very impressed.
I am a total neat freak, and I was pleasantly surprised at how clean the room was.
Very well appointed (the step-in, tiled shower is very large), and the beds were super comfortable.
Also, the housekeepers did an awesome job cleaning the room.
They actually changed the linens on the beds, which seems to be very uncommon these days.
I always leave a tip and a note for the housekeepers in hopes that we'll get the best service possible, and it worked 10 times better than I could have hoped.
The pool area is great.
The pool itself doesn't get very deep; I think it's 4 feet at its deepest.
It also has two shallow wading areas for kiddos.
There are two lifeguard stations and they seemed very attentive.
The pool is salt water, which is great.
Great towel service, too.
The food is decent, but it definitely is a slower process, so just plan ahead.
Bar drinks were yummy.
We were also very impressed with the waitresses (especially Nikita!).
We had a cabana rental which was very well worth it.
The interior has a couch, two chairs, and a table.
Plus, a refrigerator, safe, two fans, and a TV.
Outside, you have two personal loungers and an umbrella.
I should note that I did take 1 stay away because there were a few hiccups.
Namely, I was the first person to make a cabana reservation, and when I arrived my name wasn't on the list.
I was able to get it straightened out, but since it was a holiday weekend, it could have been a nightmare.
Also, I feel like the website needs to be revised to include more information (maybe a FAQ section).
Similarly, the employees didn't really seem to have answers to some of the most basic questions (pool opening/closing times, etc.).
I'm a planner by nature, so all of these things really created an issue.
Here are some helpful tips about the pool area:  - You need to show your room key to gain access to the pool area.
They will also check any bags you bring in.
You are not allowed to bring in any outside foods or drinks.
- The pool deck area and hot tub are open 24/7.
During our stay, the pool itself was open from 10:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.
The cabana rental spans that entire time, and it is yours all day, even if you leave for lunch or something.
- The cabana rental includes some drinks (soda, water, and bottled smoothies), as well as a fruit platter (nice variety and good size) and chips with salsa.
- Because the pool is not very deep, there is no jumping or diving allowed.
It does bum the kiddos out that they can't jump in, but it's totally understandable why it's not allowed.
- You have to leave the cabana an hour before the pool closes so the staff is able to clean up.
No big deal because you can still use the outside loungers, but I noticed some other people getting upset because they weren't made aware until the last minute.
- A cabana rental includes 8 people.
So, we were able to have friends/family join us at no additional charge.
- There are lots of options for food/drinks that aren't on the menu, just ask!
My kids wanted ice cream and there were tons of options available that weren't listed on the menu.

One of the best Hotels off the strip.
Great for out of towners or a staycation.

I thought that the staff was extremely friendly each time i interacted with them.
Kathy checked us in.
We arrived really late but they made sure that we were in the system as late checkins so we had no issues.
PLUSES We were upgraded to a preferred room.
Which was spacious.
Free valet parking Housekeeping will provide a humidifier upon request which was nice.
It was extremely dry and hot.
Phone system was cool but I thought having 3 phones in one room was a bit of an overkill.
Shower was very nice.
Especially loved how the mirror does not fog up even when you take a super hot shower.
Pool was nice.
The attendants could have been better about keeping the area clean.
MINUSES No free internet.
Its 2013 people Too many phones.
Sink was awful Not enough outlets.
No outlet on one side of the bed.
Storage space seemed limited.
Personally wouldn't store a full ironing board in the closet.
Parking - I'm sure a lot of guests have commented on this.
There are 3 blocked of rows for valet which was never full the whole time we were there.
Yet you generally struggled to park in the guest spaces.
You should free up 1 or 2 of the valet rows so guests can park without having to valet if they don't want to.
We got a really great deal which is why we ended up at Aliante.
The restaurants were all awful but the hotel all in all was nice.

This place is a great deal for an inexpensive stay away from the Strip.
The drive is a little far to the Strip, but it's not crazy like an hour long.
Well, it is if you're slow at driving.
Or not a local.
And slow :O   The pool is relatively clean and empty most of the time.
It's calm and quiet and a good place for relaxation.
For food: It's got a few key sit down restaurants that I feel are really expensive and not a ton of people eat there.
I do, however, love stopping by at TGI Fridays.
There is a small fast food center that is relatively empty these days, so yay, no lines!
The Regal Theatres here is one of my favorite theaters because it's close to where I live and it's not too busy.
Also, the Aliante is a relatively fun place to play...bingo!
For that 21+ crowd :)   Aliante is a great relaxing environment to get away from the rest of the world.

So I had stayed over the week here and the room was very nice.
They have great specials on rooms so definietly check out their website.
During my stay I will say the casino was very slow, there was barely any people gambling or eating but I'm thinking it was due to me staying during the weekday.
I liked the fact that it was slow but not when it came to the dining options because for example: for the food court, unless you order from Johnny Rockets or Capriottis, where they cook the food when you order, you will be getting old stale food.
Same goes for the buffet, since there arent many people dining the food isn't fresh.
The pool was very nice and what I liked is that their pool has salted water.
Their cabana's were nice too and not too expensive either especially because once again it was during the weekday.
It cost $65 that includes a stocked fridge, chips and salsa and a fruit platter.
After 4p though it does go down to like $45 but does not include the stocked fridge but you do get your choice of the fruit paltter or the chips and salsa.
My only complain is that even though I do understand why they dont allow outside food or drinks, (obviously so you can buy their food to make money) but to not allow my 1 yr old daughters snack, really pissed me off!
Like a freaking jello cup would really make a big difference.

This casino is down the street from my house.
I'll never go there again.
The buffet is BLAND, not sure how anyone pays for it more than once.
My wife frowns when I even mention this place.
Security is very self aggrandizing.
Movie theater walkway smells like piss...when you hand the person your ticket and walk to whichever screen your movie is playing on, you'll see what I mean.
Machines are pretty tight.
I could go on.
It's a nice looking place, I'll give it that.
The place is fairly empty most of the time.
It reminds me of my local Target store.
Decent looking place, not many people in there, and you wonder how they stay afloat.
Aliante Casino is only for those who live in the area that don't feel like driving elsewhere.

This place used to be nice when it was a station casino.
My husband and I went to the Fridays today.
The last time we were at the casino was months ago.
The bathrooms used to be clean and now they are filthy!
So gross.

This is my local casino.
It is very nice both on the outside and inside.
It is somewhat small compared to some local casinos.
Great movie theater and okay restaurants.
My biggest issue is no poker room.
I spent many days off playing and have trouble understanding why it was closed down.

If it wasn't for the people whom are gambling there foreclosure/rent money in the casino, I think this casino would be closed down(Recently Station Casino Sold this casino for a reason)...The senior citizen community "Sun City" is so close to this casino it my's well be attached as there homes and banks, and individuals  cashing social security checks...Just when you thought Sun City Aliante was flat broke somehow they keep coming lured by food (buffets) which isn't bad...The movie theaters are nice, dealers in the casino have major attitudes (no tips in this casino)...  Keep the casinos on the strip where they belong!
Put a park there instead.
(Even a senior event center!

A few random notes from my recent (7/2013) 3 day stay at the Aliante.....  Cathy, who booked over the phone, was very informative and polite.
:-)  Everyone, from front desk to housekeeping was polite and pleasant to deal with.
:-)  Rates were reasonable even considering you're in North Las Vegas, nowhere near the strip.
:-)  Rooms, although not spacious, were clean and comfortable, and tastefully decorated.
:-)  Bed was super comfy with plenty of pillows, a very nice touch.
:-)  Sunday brunch buffet was nasty!
Literally the most disappointing meal I've had all year.
That it cost me $45 for my wife and I only adds insult to injury.
I understand this is high volume food served off the strip.
Nonetheless there must still be standards.
:-(   Charge of $8 for 24 hours of in room wifi, very tacky.
:-(  Decent fitness room with plenty of elliptical machines.
:-)  Clean movie theaters on premises.
:-)  Hidden ice machines, you'll have to find them but they're their, I promise.
:-(  Very cool swimming pool.
:-)  Plenty of restrooms around the casino, which my wife much appreciated.
:-)  Decent Sportsbook.
:-/

It was mine and my husbands first stay at the alienate hotel and casino and there was good and bad about this place so let's start with the good I booked this place thru groupon and let me tell u the deal I got it for was awesome we stayed 2 nights there and it was my 30th birthday weekend vacay te room was great and they gave me a pool view the bed was comfty and the room was really clean and nice they also gave me a roll bed for free of charge the hotel is very relaxing when there are no kids around running up and down the hall the hotel in side is very modern and nice but the casino needs some work the pool area is nice and clean but they have too many rude little kids working there they need to work on getting some customer service training for there employees front desk girl was very nice her name was Laura an the drive was not that bad to and from the strip all the gambling machines are 1cent witch is awesome but u never win on them and they gave me 10.00 free on my birthday to play  .
Now the bad food there is awful we are at the buffet and it was steak night and paid 40 bucks and could not belive how bad it was food was dry or not cooked at all my steak was so rare and bloody I thought it was alive and the service is awful they need to close it down or restaff every person working there I got sick from eating the steak the next day I called to let them know numerous times and was either put o hold for long periods of time or hung up on the ice machine was next door to my room and heard every person trying to get ice also the room walls are like paper u can hear every thing that people are doing or saying from the rooms next door or hallway the pool service was very poor and they charged me 20 % gratuity for going to the bar to get my own drink what the hell?
And it's very pricey 3 drinks were 42 bucks not cool and the bartender to the towel people to the kid lifeguards are extreamly rude did not make my vacation very enjoyable when I talked to the hotel manager  she just brushed me off like I was a pain in her rear also the Managment in the buffet area was very unprofessional and when I told him I it sick from the food he made me feel like a criminal called security to talk to me and every thing like I did something wrong also they did not change my sheets when I called for house keeping not very nice ....
So overall the hotel is nice modern for te most part but the staff there are very rude and uncaring about there guests an making them happy ...

I can only comment on the casino and service at this hotel.
I stayed at another hotel a little off the strip, my friend's husband was staying at his hotel while on assignment.
First of all, I loved the different restaurants they have there.
There's a TGIF, Bistro (which as a really good breakfast selection), a movie theater and other restaurants to choose from.
While gambling, we received our complimentary drinks which were to DIE FOR!!!
The absolutely best midori sours I've had, hands down!
The sweet lady at the Launch Pad (completely didn't catch her name) was absolutely amazing and a great bartender.
I'd give her 5 stars!
I walked around the hotel and saw the room where her husband was staying at it's very elegant.
I believe prices start at $55/night but it looked very nice inside.
The only downfall is it's way out there.
Like 25mins from the strip.

Local casino/hotel if you have family in the area.
Otherwise, stay on the strip!
That is why you come to Vegas.
Mediocre food, decent movie theater.
Rooms are nice, and so is the pool.
Dealers are not nice, and the cocktail waitresses are nasty when you can find one.
Air filtration system needs work.
My eyes are burning.

We came here due to a Groupon we purchased.
Once again based from other reviews I could tell coming to this place was going to be either a hit or miss, and I have to say that our stay here was a complete hit!!!
From the check-in, to the room, to the hotel amenities, and the hotel service, everything was great!!!
Check-in was easy - we requested a room close to the elevator and were accommodated accordingly.
The room was nice!
- There was recessed lighting, an adjustable flat screen, huge windows looking towards the mountains (and the lighting storm!
), a nice bathroom with a huge bathtub/shower and plenty of towels, and a mini-fridge.
My only complaints were the room seemed a little more dusty than normal, the tub being so huge was a little hard to get in and out of, and the mini-fridge was definitely on the fritz and only worked half the time.
The hotel amenities were great!
- I loved the pool!
It was 4ft deep and warmer than most pools so it was nice to just sit in.
The pool side furniture was nice and cozy and not cheep!
The pool bar was great, they had a variety of alcohol flavors and the bartenders were nice :) The only con was that it took me a few to get the bartenders attention as they were chitchatting.
It was also nice to have the movie theater there as an alternative distraction.
Yes we took advantage of a matinee :) Unfortunately, there is no complimentary wi-fi, but that's why we have data packages right?
Besides, how much time are you spending on your phone, laptop, tablet etc.
to need to use that much data anyways?
The machines were excellent!
- Come see for yourself!
Need I say more???
Food choices - We ate at TGI Fridays (See separate review) one night.
Another night we ate dinner at the Buffet, which was on par with Hometown Buffet, which is what I expected anyway considering the price we paid so I wasn't too surprised by the dry chicken.
There were plenty of other food options though, so if you don't like dry chicken try the BBQ pork or something else!
We were also given tickets for complimentary coffee at their bistro which we took advantage of :) If none of their food options there tickle your fancy then there is a slew of foodies (KFC, Arby's, Starbucks etc) 2min down the street.
It was definitely a nice resort getaway where you felt like you did not have to (or even really wanted to) leave.
If you do decide to leave, Fremont street is only about a 20min drive away.
What can I say?
For the price we paid we all had a blast!!!
I can't wait to go back and I am already planning my next trip!

I would stay here again.
Impulse trip to Vegas took me to this location, far from the strip but there is a lot to do if you're looking for non strip activities.
Even if you do head that way the drive isn't TERRIBLE.
Beds were comfy, showers were great.
Bonus for free coffee from the coffee bar a 24hr gym.
The pool has odd hours and is open only until 8pm...but the hot tub is open 24/7 which is great since all of the cool cabanas are vacant since no one is around.
Nice to take a dip and cool off on any of the chairs/beds/cabanas with the fans running.
Everyone was very helpful, the casino itself was nice, fun machines.
We got a chance to check out the movie theater as well since the weather wasn't all that great and everyone there was really helpful!
Free valet as well.
I'm not sure what one reviewer was talking about but for me internet was only 5.99 for 24hrs..still kind of crappy.
I would give 5 stars but there were a few things I didn't like, aside from paying for the internet service.
The biggest one would be that I booked a NON SMOKING room, my flight came in late and when I finally made it up to my room I could smell the smoke.
When I called down to ask I was told they had oversold on the NON SMOKING rooms so they had to put me in a SMOKING room..and that I could call the next day at 11am to be moved but that that likely wouldn't happen.
They offered a humidifier but it never made it to the room.
That was kind of a let down so I had a stuffy nose and smelled like a golden girl every day.
Boo.
Next I would say their TV service.
WAAAAY too complex, HOOOORRRIBLE whatever you call it..reception?
Kept fuzzing in and out.
The express check out didn't even work.
And finally the brightest bedside clock known to man.
It was like having a a flashlight in your face all night and there was no way to unplug it or turn it down.
I ended up piling towels on top of it so that helped.
Didn't help the 6am alarm explosion.
ARE PEOPLE CRAZY?
Who wakes up that early in Las Vegas on a weekend?
I know I was coming in to go to sleep near that time.
I couldn't figure out how to turn that off so I just played button masher until it relented and quieted down for another 24hrs.

In this review I won't be talking about the "playing" at this casino as I don't gamble.
I just find it boring to gamble, period.
The hotel/casino is very nice, new, and clean.
Though the ventilation could use some improvement through out the casino part.
First impression on checking - friendly staff!
Even though check in wasn't until 4 I was able to check in at 1 (this depends on room availability) with no problems and no additional charge.
And if I wasn't able to check in they would allowed us to enjoy the pool until normal check in hours.
So, after checking in we strolled on over to the talking elevators (going up, # floor, going down).
We walked down and into our room but not before ringing our room door bell!
(What can I say?
We're new with fancy hotel stuff.).
The room was immaculate!
So, very clean, new and modern!
I can't stand cigarette smoke and there wasn't even a hint of it.
It felt like we were the only ones on the floor because we didn't hear anything going on outside our room.
The pool was absolute relaxation!
I mean everything was just so chill.
From the cool atmosphere, the wonderfully placed palm trees (you know us locals like our shade), the fancy upscale loungers, an oversized hot tub, and a salt water pool (that's right, no chlorine).
The music was perfect!
They had a mix of reggae, pop, and 80's - nothing too party and loud like - just enough to get you into the groove of things.
I'm still basking in the relaxed mode.
I've stayed at a lot hotels while living here in Vegas and I must say, if you're for your money's worth and relaxation sans crowd, this it it!
Food...food is merely ok.
It is not a foodie haven, unfortunately.
The food court should definitely go to an made to order concept.
The buffet...yikes, the poor buffet.
Not enough business to keep that food properly rotated.
This needs to some major revitalization.
I haven't really been to the other restaurants yet.
As soon as I do, I'll let you know how it goes.
Movie theater is nice, nothing special.
Arcade needs some major improvement!
And it wouldn't be a bad idea if a bowling alley, skating rink, or ice skating rink were to be put in.
After all, this casino is close to the residential areas...where families live.
Overall, come for the rooms and pool and you won't be disappointed!

POOL FOR LOCALS- I did go here often but will never go again.
The pool is open for locals but they sure dont want us there.
The ladies that work in the gift shop selling the passes are so rude.
My son and I arrived at 3:30 one day.
The pool closes at 5:00 for locals according to their website.
We came in and they both ignored us for about 2 min.
There was no one in the store they were just talking to each other.
Then the lady finally said to me "what do you want?
"  I tried to keep my composure since I was with my son.
I asked for passes to pool.
She replied "Oh no, you need to go they are closing soon!
" Needless to say I responded letting her know she is extremely rude and so on.
The management...I called to complain and they basically hung up on me or transferred me to voicemails.
I finally get an email back apologizing and telling me a manger will get back to me shortly.
Well...it's been 2 months.
There short is a lot longer then my idea of short.

This hotel is very nice!
Beautiful pool and super comfortable.
Be aware: this is waaaaaay off the strip.... North By about 8 miles!
We have little kids so just enjoyed the pool and restaurants and liked it very much.
Service could be improved a bit.

Love their Friday night seafood buffet!!
Crab legs are always fresh and the other food is great all for $20!
Can't beat all you can eat seafood at that price!
We come every Friday night!

This review is for the hotel only.
The room was exceptionally nice for the price.
Clean and modern.
The bed was also very comfortable--great pillows.
The shower was the best ever--convenient shelf, good lighting, great pressure.
A nice lighted makeup mirror too that swivels for those of us that prefer to shave in the shower.
The rooms were quiet and the ventilation was excellent.
These are the things a hotel room should be judged by.
Staff seemed pleasant and cooperative.
Willing to accommodate when they can.
Not 5 stars only because my room service meals were a little inconsistent.
The location speaks for itself.
It's not the strip--thankfully.

The Table games are completely rigged by shuffle master machines.
Better to go to the Santa fe where they hand shuffle the ultimate Texas hold em game.
To many inexplicable winning hands for the house.
People think the casinos cannot cheat but they do.
Hope the casino goes bankrupt.

Had to book a hotel in North Vegas and was honestly expecting the worst.
That's what happens when I judge.
This hotel was amazing!
All brand new, gorgeous king beds with trendy designs and desk space/sitting area that overlooked the desert.
The bathrooms are huge!
The only reason it isn't five stars is because it's in North Vegas.
Don't take a cab and they do not have shuttle service.
However, I rented a car for $40 bucks (versus the $60+ cab ride from LAS to the hotel) and ended up squeezing in a day trip to Hoover dam as well!
Great hotel!

i like it, I feel like it is a good getaway when me and my husband need time alone with no kids.
Movies and dinner @ TGIF what more can a girl ask for.

I would have given 0.
As a rating but the lowest rating option is 1.
After repeated phone calls trying to make arrangements for NYE.
Speaking with employees that had no knowledge of what they were doing.
Speaking with operators that were RUDE.
We have decided to spend our money elsewhere.
This property definitely needs to train their employees on being polite to customers and educate them on Hospitality.

This is a review on the cocktail waitress service at the casino and nothing else.
I frequent this casino more than any other because it is close to my home.
Tonight we brought four of our out of state family members with us to gamble and have a few drinks.
NO ONE expects FREE drinks.
WE ALWAYS tip $2 to $3 a drink at the least.
I was the designated driver tonight.
Everyone ordered drinks, I ordered a cranberry juice.
I watched the cocktail server take a few more orders for drinks, she then went to the bartender to get her orders.
On the way back to where we were she STOPPED to visit with some men who had NOT ordered from her.
AFTER watching her engage in social chit chat for 15 minutes I went to the bar and purchased drinks for all of us.
Brought drinks back to our family.
We drank our drinks, and STILL the server stood and chit chatted with our drinks on her tray with the ice melting and the beers getting warm as was my juice.
After over 25 minutes we all got up, went to our car and went to the TEXAS STATION casino where we were all promptly asked if we wanted drinks they were ordered and delivered within  7 minutes, I timed it just to see how long it took to get the drink order taken along with other patrons made and delivered.
IF a person is working a casino floor on a Saturday night I would assume it would be because MONEY was the object of the game for the server.
IF one wants to visit and have fun with other patrons then don't take orders and make people wait for drinks.
We were there to have fun, a few drinks, and gamble.
There are way too many choices in this town to make than to go some where that you can't get taken care of and have to get up  and take your family members drink orders and serve them your self.
I will say this, the bartender was very nice and professional.
He was very fast.
He got a good tip for making all six drinks for us.
I don't know if the cocktail server is still talking to her four men or not.
She had no idea we even left.
The other people whose orders she took got up  and went to the fast food places and got sodas.
I gave the cocktail service a 2 STAR because she DID take our orders, and she did walk from the bartender.
So that deserves something.
We had a great time at the other casino, spent three hours there.

DO NOT PLAY AT THIS CASINO, THEY DO NOT HONOR WINNINGS!!!!
This review is for the casino only.
I live in Aliante and frequent this establishment often.
On Christmas day, my family and I went to the casino to swipe our players club card since the casino had a holiday promotion.
My elderly mother swiped her players card and received three tickets from the kiosk; one for $500 cash, one for $2,500 tab pull and one for $1,000 tab pull.
The instructions on the tickets that printed out from the kiosk stated to "see cashier to redeem" and "the ticket expires on December 30th, 2013".
My mother took the ticket for $500 to the cashier and cashed it in with no problems.
Then she read the other two tickets for $2,500 and $1,000 and noticed that on the bottom of the tickets, she was indeed the lucky winner of both.
She proceeded back to the cashier to collect her winnings, and my mother was so elated that she had won this money that she broke out in tears at the cashier counter.
The cashier called  the manager of the Rewards Center (Josh) to get authorization to pay the money out, and the manager promptly took the winning tickets from my mother and  told her that he would not honor her winning tickets due to a glitch in their system.
We tried to reason with him and explain that she was issued those tickets by the casino, however he stated that "he has the final say" and the tickets would not be honored.
He offered no apology, just a statement that she "was already paid $500 that she was "NOT ENTITLED TOO" and walked away with the tickets in hand.
I don't know about you, but when a casino gives you three winning tickets issued from their system, they had better honor them and absorb the mistake that their system made.
Now, my poor, elderly mother was disappointment on Christmas and cheated out of winnings issued to her by this casino.
Save yourself any trouble and play Santa Fe Station in the North Las Vegas/northwest Las Vegas area.

Upon arrival I went straight to the check in counter.
I arrived around 8pm so there was no wait at the counter.
When I arrived the lady helping me advised I got placed into a smoking room.
I had no problem with that but once I got to the room I realized quickly it was a much different lay out from when I initially stayed at the hotel.
I was used to having a bathtub and this was a shower only.
They also had no towels readily available but I was too tired to call for room service.
Overall it was a OK stay but the Cable is very spotty and makes it hard to relax and enjoy a tv show.
I think this is a great local place to stay without having to go to the strip but just plan on the fact that things in your room may or may not work or you could get placed into a different type of room.
My first visit here was back in April and the bathtub in my room was huge but didn't work so I have had issues in the restrooms on both trips .
Overall for 70$ I was able to enjoy a evening away from my kids with a comfy enough bed so I can't complain too much but just don't expect A+ I would say its more of a C rating.

I needed a hotel during CES and I wasn't willing to pay an arm and a leg for something on the strip.
So I decided to venture further for a hotel and I am glad that I did.
The hotel is fairly new and the rooms were decorated with contemporary furnishings and the bed was comfortable.
Some may think that it is too far from the strip, but is driving 15 minutes away really that far?
The only reason why I gave it less than 5 stars was that I was able to hear the adjoining room through the door that separated the rooms.
I would have thought the designer would have opted to have better sound seals between adjacent rooms.

This casino is great, its not overly large and if you have been to stations Red Rock Casino it has the same looks and feel with a twist of blue.
The casino is modern and the new management are doing great things.
I go there for mainly slots and Bingo and sometimes the Buffet.
The bingo is all paper and it is completely non smoking.
You can smoke in the casino but the bingo hall is not an option.
This is great as I don't smell like a ashtray when leaving.
The casino is well ventilated and doesn't smell like some other properties.
They treat the locals and card holders well as they are always running promotions which grant players free play money and bonus points.
I would say on average I get anywhere from 5-15 bucks in free play daily.
The employees are nice and the cocktail waitresses are always making rounds and seeing who wants drinks.
The place offers multiple restaurants and bars however I have only been to the Buffet as I get drinks for free when playing and if I get food I go to the food court and get some Panda express or johnny rockets.
They also have a regal theatre which offers nice clean theaters.. too bad they don't ban children.

I won $145 on a five.
I'm not a gambler... but haaay!

Mediocre food and if you have toddlers, don't bring them to the weekend brunch or you'll be paying $12/head.
I can't see spending $20 for kids that will probably just eat cereal and some bacon.
We ended up getting a refund and the manager Maya was not very polite to me at all.

This has become my favorite hotel off the strip!
the rooms are great and make you feel at home.
This hotel smells awesome and during christmas time they have pine scented air freshener through out the lobby.
Our family has stayed here about 4 times now and its been our goto hotel when visiting.

The buffet was absolutely disgusting.
All the meats are over cooked, pastas are dry, rice undercooked, mashed potatoes have to be out of a box, and the "poached" eggs for eggs benedict where hardboiled.
Also the servers had negative vibes sucking the life out of the whole croud.
New managment!

Great hotel for the price!!!
Very modern and nice clean rooms.The pool and bar area are also great.
Staff was very friendly while hanging out by the outside bar and always checked to see if we needed more drinks.
It is ways away from the strip so beware of that.
We were here visiting family so we were not worried about being close to the strip.
I would stay here again.

I really want to like this place.
First impressions and customer service influence my perception of a hotel.
I had a three night stay during mid-March after spending several nights on the Strip.
It's about a 25-30 minute drive from the Strip on the interstate.
It's not that difficult to get to from the Strip; on a return trip, coming out of the Aliante, you have to quickly get into the right lane to enter 251 West, drive several miles to I95 South and remain vigilant so you don't miss the I95 South interstate entrance ramp going back to the Strip.
The property is gorgeous and resembles a miniature Red Rock Hotel and Casino.
Registration is a distance from the casino and there is an assortment of restaurants and a food court near a large movie theater.
There is ample parking.
Upon arriving to the hotel, three burly security guards watched me struggle with opening the large glass doors to registration, and did nothing to help.
Approaching the registration desk, I was greeted with "you checkin in?
" I reiterated my room request, "King bed, no smoking on a high floor without a direct view of another building, parking garage, rooftops or heating and air conditioning units.
I walked to my room continuing to notice how attractive the registration area, elevators and hallways were.
The room was well decorated and beautiful.
There was a large, fully tiled shower with glass doors and a boutique styled sink.
There was no bathtub.
There was a 42 inch plasma television, but unfortunately, numerous channels either pixilated or did not come in at all.
The carpets, drapes and curtains appeared new and well maintained.
I drew the drapes and curtain and, unfortunately, I had an excellent view of a roof top and a series of heating and air conditioning units.
I immediately dialed the operator to reach the front desk.
A reservation agent answered and feebly attempted to placate me.
She indicated that the hotel was sold out for the night, I could be moved to another room the next day and that all the rooms in this price point had a view of the rooftop and heating and air conditioning units (yes she said ALL).
I refused to accept her explanation and asked to speak with the front desk.
She placed me on hold for some ten minutes, returned and told me the front desk reiterated what she'd stated to me.
After complaining that she did not connect me to the front desk, I asked to speak with a manager and waited about 15 minutes for her call.
She gave me the same run around.
Unbelievably, all the deluxe rooms reportedly have the same view.
She was silent when I asked why this information is not contained on the website or when reservations are made.
However, for an additional $10 per night, she would happily send someone to assist me with my luggage and relocate me to an upgraded room.
(But I thought the hotel was sold out.
) I told her it was a matter of principle and that I would remain in my current room.
The Medley Buffet is very reasonably priced.
It is a little more than an average buffet, but for the price, it is excellent.
Customer service at the buffet was great!
The exercise room is located on the second floor and overlooks the pool, which is quite attractive.
The exercise room was clean and had a very nice array of weight machines, bicycles, cross trainers and treadmills.
Equipment was adequately spaced for safety and the room was not crowded.
Nothing was broken!
The casino is smoky and over my four day stay I found the slot machines somewhat tight.
On a Friday, at about 6:30 pm, I did discover a Wheel of Fortune slot machine that was kind enough to allow me to play continuously for about 90 minutes racking up Players Card points until I finally lost my winnings and initial investment.
It was worth it.
Unfortunately, this is where I experienced some really bad drink service.
For literally one hour, a cocktail server did not come by the slot machine bay.
Others across the casino made eye contact with me as I attempted to "wave to them" to let them know I'd like to order drinks, but was ignored.
I spoke to no fewer than four employees, supervisors, who passed by, asking them to send a server to our area.
I spoke to one supervisor twice and she used her "walkie-talkie" to make someone aware to send a server to a specific slot machine.
No one came.
Eventually, a business suited manager appeared who was ushering a server through the casino.
Thankfully, they stopped by and I ordered drinks and continued to play the slot machine.
Unfortunately, after 25 minutes of waiting, I called it a night and left.
On Saturday, I went to the Bistro 57 Restaurant Bar to watch the NCAA Basketball tournament.
The dcor is very nice and inviting.
I ran a tab and stayed for some two hours, before leaving.
The customer service was efficient, but not friendly.
All in all, I really want to like this place; dcor and amenities - excellent; customer service - zero.

Very local orientated place.
Starting playing here the past few weeks and I already got comps for this month.
Their Medley Buffet is really something, i mean it makes Red Rock taste like garbage.
I always find myself amazed at all the flavors and how the staff really care about their jobs.
Even the slot attendants were nice when I asked  if they had a certain game I was wanting to play (Shaman's Magic).
what really strikes me, the wonderful hotel check in & valet service.
Even smells amazing when you go in the hotel.
I hate staying somewhere that stinks of cigars.
I was really amazed at how clean & beautiful this place is.

This review is for the hotel only: THIS PLACE IS BEAUTIFUL.
The rooms are super clean, modern and luxurious.
They have an IHome in each room.
The towels to the bath rug: not those cheap thin towels you find at other hotels.
A real rug for the bath mat.
The amenities in the bathroom are AMAZING (face bar, lotion, body bar) and are available for purchase.
The pool is beautiful with little cabanas with IHome socks  and poolside beds.
This place really is nice.
If you can get a room definitely stay here  The only thing I didn't like was a charge that showed up on my card randomly after my stay.
However it disappeared a day later

30 mins away from the strip!
Cheap gas at 7-11 down the street!
Smells nice and really clean!
If you get a groupon like we did, expect a $12 reservation fee per night when you check in!
Pool is really nice with cabanas!
Would stay here again :)

Poor service at the deck pool!
Paid $10 to get in as locals and waited over 30 mins for anyone to see if we wanted food or drinks.
We asked for a menu and no one ever came back to take our order.
The pool could use more water so all the jets are not spraying water across the pool.
Hope for better service at The Salted Lime for dinner cause starving after no service at the pool.

I love this place, because it's for the locals.
It's a hidden gem and away from the chaos at the strip.
The staff are friendly and accommodating.
Don't expect to win off of its charm, like every casino, its called gambling for a reason.
You either win or lose on your own luck

The phone reservations at this place suck.
I was on hold for 20 minutes waiting for someone to help me with a reservation.
I will update this as the week unfolds.

just a stop on way through to yosemite.
$100 for a night in double queen room.
breakfast $9 (or $6 if u sign up for players member card ffree) pool nice but closes at 10pm.
jacuzzi really nice too and open 24hrs.
would stay here again esp for a stop through.

So far, the best part of my traveling day!
Valet parking is included, so I just drove up to the front door and someone unloaded my luggage for me and parked my car.
I walk into the lobby to register and there is NO line to register!
The clerk was as nice as can be, answered all my questions without seeming put upon, explained my package (more on that later) and reminded me that the bottled water in the room frig was FREE, can you believe it, FREE?
And they have some great packages.
Mine was $75 a day which included breakfast each morning as well as a $25 pool credit, drinks or lunch at the pool.
I had to look pretty hard to find this package but it was there, offered by the hotel on their website.
I really like Las Vegas.
But I don't like the long lines to register and the worn out rooms in the hotels on the Strip.
I have a new hotel when I come here.
The room is beautiful, a King bed with quality linens.
Two comfortable chairs and a small lounge area.
I rode the elevator up with the housekeeper for the floor and as we got off the elevator she said to me, "Welcome the the Aliante.
If you need anything, please call me and I will get it to you!
" OMG!
OMG!
After the fiasco at Fox Car Rentals I feel like I have arrived in paradise.

Nice looks like the M resort / interior / cute little casino up north!
I'll be back for sure!

Great neighborhood casino/hotel.
The music was awesome and the cover band  was really good.
The food court was nice too.
The drinks are little weak, but overall I would definitely go back!

mice pool and great place

Pool: Nice but small pool area,  drink prices don't reflect the fact that this place is not on the strip...other than that, it is not crowded and pretty well kept up.
Rooms: I was completely satisfied with their rooms.
Comfortable bed and pillows.
Nice lighting, dark woods complimented the color scheme.
Wall mounted TV, small fridge and if you happen to need to call someone on the room phone while on the toilet, they have that covered too.
Nice big shower too.
Sports book: Decent place, drinks are always cheaper at the book.
Friendly bartenders.
The Farm Cafe: Decent, not great food.
It's the 24 hour cafe so they have just about anything you'd want at anytime of the day

Pool and cabana were awesome.
I had to flag our waitress over a few times but overall she was attentive and kind.
The pool area was quaint and decorated very nicely.
The pool staff were fun and friendly.
The cabana offered some relief from the 105 weather.
There was a mini refrigerator that had a few free nonalcoholic drinks.
Bowl of chips, salsa and frozen grapes also were provided.
This was my first time at the Aliante pool and I truly enjoyed myself.
I cannot imagine coming back to the pool area and not pay for the privacy and comfort of a cabana.
The atmosphere was family friendly.
My family and I will definitely be back.

