This is the BEST place to get lashes done Professionally!!
Soups is AMAZING!!
She is so knowledgeable and a Perfectionist!
My lashes have looked "Perfect" each time!!
I'm  in love with my lashes!!
If you're looking for Beautiful lashes done professionally, this is the place!

If you are looking for quality then look no further.
Soups did amazing work on my eyelash extensions.
I went in Yesterday and immediately felt very welcome and at ease.
Besides having fantastic work done I also very much appreciated how informative she is on her craft.
Upon leaving you will have more knowledge about eyelashes/care then you did when you arrived.
She is very passionate about doing a good job and is professional the entire time.
I highly recommend you visit her at the body spa!

I had no one to give me recommendations to someone for eyelashes, so I looked o Yelp.
Im so glad I found Soups, she really is good at what she does.
I had lash extensions done over a year ago and it was nothing like my experience with Soups.
I love my lashes, I look forward to my appointments so I can relax.
If you don't have someone to recommend, I will recommend for you...go to Soups!

Have I been living under a rock?
How did I not know about lash extensions?
Saw a co-worker with amazing lashes and thought.....I MUST have those!
She referred me to Soups and OMG, I roll out of bed in the morning and my eyes look amazing without even touching them!
I briefly told Soups the look I was going for and bam.
Perfection!

My husband was away on a long trip, so I decided to do a little something special for his return.
I found Soups, who had nothing but amazing reviews.
I haven't looked back since, and my husband loves them on me too!
My lashes are perfect every time and last so long!
They are so natural looking because Soups takes her time to make sure they're done right; no one believes me when I tell them my lashes aren't "real.
" Soups is also part therapist so that's a bonus!
Amazing!

Loving my new lashes!
Makes getting ready so much easier and faster and I've been getting complemented left and right.
My husband says it looks better than the standard mascara look

