I bought a book and a dvd set from Amazon a few weeks ago.
They chose to send it via On Trac.... and it never came.
The estimated day it should have arrived by was Thursday 1/24, and so I waited.
And waited.
And then on Sunday I looked on Amazon to find out that they were claiming it was left at my front door.
Unless they jumped my six-foot fence and got pass my dogs, that's impossible.
I have a place for packages, and I have yet to see it there.
So I called them- on Monday because they don't work weekends- and the man I spoke to claimed he would call me back after asking the driver what had happened.
Never got a call back.
I called them only to be told that I could only speak to the man I originally spoke to about it and that he wasn't there- oh, and no one but him has access to my claim.
What?
In the end I had to call Amazon and have them send me another shipment through UPS, and it arrived.
Their customer service is horrible, and I really have no idea what is going on with their system when it seems to takes DAYS to contact a driver.
I am still waiting for an explanation, but I don't think I will get any other than "He says he put it there".

I was super sad of receiving notice my Amazon order to my Los Angeles address was delivered but never got it.
I inquired with my building manager & neighbors where nothing was located.
I called in and the Amazon CSR informed me it was lost by OnTrac.
The Amazon CSR was empathetic & fair.
Amazon nicely is giving me a full refund.

Horrible Experience with OnTrac and Ordering Items Through Amazon.
Customer service seems clueless even when You Provide them with a tracking number and customer information.
Recently Said Item Couldn't be delivered.
I never received a door tag or notification from OnTrac.
Next update was that it was being held by them, so I called to find out why.
Verified my information and CS Rep said would be out on the truck the next day.
Waited next day and called and they said the item was delivered.
Amazon text status said that the item was being returned to seller.
OnTrac had sent the item back to the Amazon Seller.
Very Incompetent and based on othe reviews and experiences in other cities it doesn't feel like I'm alone.

Venting because my rant won't affect anything or make change.
Husband ordered from amazon using PRIME 2-day shipping on 7/1.
Therefore, it would be reasonable to expect package on 7/3.
OnTrac is 3 miles north of our home so it should be relatively easy to go down GV Parkway and deliver.
By 7/7 husband realized it was never received, but showed delivered on 7/3 to someone named "fd.
2305 silver cre" - uh....so I called on 7/8 and spoke to Phoenix HQ (they do not allow you to call the local facility, so you get to deal with middlemen and repeating oneself but at least they keep electronic notes on the tracking number).
7/8: Nice guy says the scans on the tracking number are confusing - it shows as delivered 7/2, delivered 7/3, at the facility, out for delivery, yada-ya.
I figured package was lost or delivered to wrong place, he called the LV facility and said it was in the facility and would be delivered 7/9.
If I had not called, it may have sat there forever!
7/9: Did not see any package by 8 PM so called HQ number.
Nice guy read notes and was also confused.
He called facility which still had package and gave me some odd story that Henderson driver did not feel like going to our place so he gave it to Vegas driver and it sat on truck going wrong direction.
He promised UPGRADED SERVICE to "SUNRISE" which meant it would be delivered by 10:30 AM on 7/10.
7/10: No package arrived by 3 PM, so I called HQ AGAIN and told lady office closed at 4 PM.
No package by 4 PM.
I called back at 6:30 PM and asked for a supervisor.
I was put on hold for 10 minutes, and then I insisted the supervisor read the notes before I launched into a tirade.
I was as pleasant as I could be given the circumstances, but we did not pay for 10 day shipping, we paid for 2 day shipping and the facility is 3 miles from us.
The guy said we had 2 options: WE could call amazon who would then call OnTrac and OnTrac could tell them we never received package EVEN THOUGH it says delivered 7/3 on amazon tracking, OR we could pick it up.
OnTrac is very close to Blue Fin, so we offered to pick it up right then.
Supervisor says facility closed at 6 PM, too bad.
We asked when driver got back to facility with our package - he said 6:21 PM, 10 minutes before our call - so we asked why can't we just get it from driver - was told NO, had to get it at 6 AM the next day at earliest.
7/11: I went to facility on the way home (since it is ON THE WAY, easy enough) and let the man working there know the story, mentioned how it was impossible for their drivers to deliver a 2 day delivery package within 10 days so since they cannot do their job I had to come get it.
He completely ignored me and handed me the box, screeching, "HAVE A NICE DAY!
" - ugh - if I can request amazon send our prime packages by any other carrier, I will.
Otherwise, prime is as worthless as OnTrac, who claims "On Time Delivery For Less" - On time - NO.
DELIVERY?
Definitely not.

I had nothing but a perfectly smooth delivery from Ontrac for my Amazon product this morning!
The gentlemen knocked at my door and waited til I opened it to hand me my package in my apartment complex.
Very good service and though I was concerned (based on the other reviews here), I  was pleasantly surprised.
...perhaps they are trying harder to give good service now.
Keep up the good work Ontrac Las Vegas!

Like most people I would leave a  0  star if they yelp had the option.
Ordered a brand new $220.00 router from Newegg on Monday that was supposed to arrive on  Wednesday.
Usually Fed ex  and UPS come by later in the day so when I saw the UPS guy around 4:00 I thought maybe  my package was  delivered.
I checked the front door  and no package.
I checked the tracking  number from  newegg which said  the package was delivered by Ontrac to the front door  at 1:25 p.m.
Funny thing is I  was home in my kitchen at that time  and never received a  knock on the door or  a  ring  from  the door bell.
I had a family member come over at 1:45 p.m. in which I opened the same front door in which I never saw  any package.
I don't remember ever having packages  shipped  by this  company before  so I  hope this  is  the first and last time I have a package with them because odds  are  you  might not receive it.
I called Ontrac and filed a  complaint because the driver says he supposedly delivered it to my door, and I filed a claim with newegg.
I will be issued a new router but I will  now have to wait longer to  get my item because my claim will take  several days plus additional  shipping days.
I went online and saw that many people have the same problem with this company.
I'm surprised  there still in business.
Just look up Ontrac in California and you will see  nothing but complaints.

Well I've had luck with them in the past.
But recently I ordered a new PSU for my PC from Newegg.
Package was delivered at 8 friggin PM.
Package was left on the front door, I only assume they didn't knock.
Not cool man, the box had Newegg branding and everything.
What if my ish got jacked by my neighbors?
NOW, I'm playing the waiting game for my new case.
Says "Out for delivery" at around 9 AM.
Guess what, its 9:40 PM as I type this and my damn case still ain't here.
I mean I could care less if my case is a day late.
It's just that I don't like the fact my stuff says out for delivery but has not arrived the day of.
Maybe I'm just impatient when it comes to my new toys...?
Mind you, when they get it right, it's pretty awesome you get stuff earlier than expected though.
So I'd give them that...

DO NOT SHIP WITH THIS COMPANY!
Terrible customer service and their delivery drivers don't even knock or ring doorbells.
They just throw or leave your merchandise on your porch or driveway.
Pay the extra cost for UPS or FedEx.
Also this company just got rid of all their company road drivers and replaced them with out sourced companies making your shipments even later to arrive.
I give this place a zero rating.

