I've watched two movies here this week and really enjoyed this new movie complex.
Seating is standard, and the theaters are also of a typical size for a multiplex, but the theaters are very clean, designed so that there will be minimal disturbance from people entering or leaving a theater, and the acoustics are great.
The restrooms are well-situated and there is also a cool lounge where you can relax while waiting if you came too early or are waiting for friends.

I'm just happy to have a theater so close!
The theater is comfortable and the staff is friendly.
The only problem is their popcorn.
While tasty, it has made my husband and I sick both times we ate it.
We aren't the only ones who have had this problem either.
Several of our friends have said the same thing.
Such a disappointment because popcorn and movies go hand in hand!

Very nice, new facility.
Customer service is fairly consistent and satisfactory.
Concession prices are a total rip off.
Soft pretzels are small and not-so-soft.
Nachos are good.

we went to this theater as part of a Smart Shopper Deal.
It was a VIP room which includes popcorn and a drink for 6 people.
Awesome deal..it's just pretty far from my house-a really nice treat fora  weekend.
Beautiful theater!!!
The VIP room is a sort of sky box-2 levels that have couches and chairs, your own bathroom (sweet)!
!, and waiter service.
We had sliders, pizza, and onion rings as well (typical theater food quality).

What a beautiful theater!
And the person who had the idea to put a balcony for people 21 and over and serve dinner on top of that...a really good dinner too...is a brilliant person!
My husband and I had a nice dinner together and watched a movie at the same time.
The seats were plush and comfortable.
It was fantastic!
The Philly cheese steak sandwich is out of this world!
So so yummy!
And the sweet potato fries...mmmmm.
It was such a fun date night.
I'm not sure why every theatre doesn't have something like this!
The theatre also has a bowling alley, an arcade, Luxe Lounge, laser tag, pizza.
Seriously...this place is so much fun.

