Love this place!
great prices, friendly family service and VERY helpful in every way!
This auto shop is a hidden secret .
I own a 2005 aero and my front pass window was not working .
I'm very picky on location and mechanics , this mechanic had the Midas touch !
Plus, you don't get the ripped off ghetto feeling here either that you get at the majority of mechanics/auto repair!
A+++ for me!

Never have I written a review just moments after a service/visit.
Wow, this place was great.
Sean (owner) is a great young owner.
Local, knows the value of service & understands the what trust in a mechanic is.
My wife's cars AC died, and I cannot have an uncomfortable wife!
Without an appointment I showed up at 7am, the moment they opened.
Sean not only got the car right in, was quick to figure out what the issue(s) are.
Without being solicited to fix anything else.
He not only asked how I found him, he told me about an amazon local deal he was running.
Mind you I have already made a choice to have him fix my car.
Without a mention he told me how to save even more money at his shop.
That's like going to the store and having the clerk give you the coupon price without the coupon!
Sean escorted me to his shop where he could show me the issues and possible problem areas.
As a full service shop, he point out other recommended items, WITHOUT EVER being pushy, forced or making the conversation uncomfortable.
Most people hate when you get an oil change and your estimated bill becomes 14x the oil change.
He simply said these are a couple of things that could use service.
I completed agreed and he is working up pricing on them now!
Within 1 hours the AC is working correctly and we have an appointment for next week so he can follow up with his fix.
Great guy that I will trust to do any auto work.
He is in business to change the stigma of an auto repair shop.
Sean, great job, great shop, great value.
You will have a normal customer from now on!

I love checking reviews of businesses on Yelp, but I have never written one prior to now.
I had to write a review about Automotion.
I brought my car in recently before making a long trip, and unfortunately needed some repairs.
Sean, the owner, was able to take care of everything.
They were completely honest, and even gave me ideas on how to save some money.
They let me know which work needed to be done prior to my trip, and which work could wait to be performed.
It is rare to find a mechanic you feel you can trust, but I felt that Sean was completely honest with me.
My service and the work performed were A+.
I would definitely recommend you take a look here, for all your car repair/maintenance needs.

