I've been taking my babies (boxers) to K-9 Kountry since January and they absolutely enjoy it!
I love it!
Andrea and George love and care for them as if they were their own.
I wouldn't take them anywhere else.
Thank you K-9 Kountry for going above and beyond...Providing a great service for our furry paw babies!

I was so worried about leaving my doggies for a week while I went on vacation.
I'm so glad I found K-9 Kountry!
Andrea and George made me feel 100% better!
You can tell that they do this because they love dogs not just for a paycheck.
I felt like I was leaving my dogs with friends who would love them and care for them like I would and that is the best feeling.
I still missed them like crazy but I got daily updates and pictures so I knew they were having too much fun to miss me at all.
When I picked them up they were calm and happy and not a bit stressed.
Thank you K-9 Kountry!

My pup is like my kid, and I only want the best for my pup, so making the switch from another day care in town to K9 Kountry was a no brainer.
Firstly, the owners are very personable.
They want to get to know each dog, and their owners to ensure everyone is happy.
The facility is set up to feel like a home away from home, so my pup gets to run around like she does at home.
I love that its never overcrowded so my pup gets plenty of exercise.
Lastly, she is loved and treated like family by Andrea and George, which for me goes a long way.
When I drop off my "Abby" its an excitement she can barely contain, and that make me feel good about taking her every time.
Hands down best daycare/boarding facility in town.

K-9 Kountry is MORE than we could have hoped for.
Our two Australian shepherds were anti-social with other dogs and people and it was causing a lot of embarrassing and sometimes even scary issues.
We found K-9 Kountry and everything George told us about rehabbing our dogs made us excited and relieved.
We now have two socialized, well behaved dogs thanks to K-9 Kountry!
George is in the process of retraining my husband and I too so that we can successfully lead our dogs as pack leaders.

Like many others who take their dogs here our dog is our child.
We only want the best of her and this is it.
We have always been reluctant when using any dog care facilities but when we came for our first visit I knew our girl would be in good hands.
The club is a house with a nice sized yard so the dogs feel right at home either chillin inside of playing outside.
They also keep a cap on the number of dogs at the club at any particular time so each dog gets the attention in deserves and a chance to come out of its shell.
The facility itself is great but what I love most about K-9 Kountry are Andrea and George (the owners).
They are very personable and have been very understanding and accommodating.
They watch over our dog as if it were their own if not better.
Our girl has really started to come out of her shell and loves the play time she gets at doggie day care.
Its that extra bit of structure and socialization that she can't get at home.
Do to the care, attention, and training she gets at K-9 Kountry she is in much better health mentally and physically than she would be just getting her usual walks/hikes and staying at home.
I can't give Andrea and George enough praise for what they do for our girl.

We just adore K-9 Kountry!
We love our Pup Tyson, and just wanted to find the best, safest, and most caring place for him...and we found it!
I can't even tell you how lucky we are to have found K-9 Kountry.
George and Andrea sure know their stuff...our furry Son is socializing so much better with other dogs.
Andrea makes her own dog treats and specializes in dog nutrition.
My dog had major stomach problems before we came here and now, he is thriving, thanks Andrea!
George is the dog whisper of Las Vegas, and is teaching us on how to be better dog owners.
They have 2 acres of land for our dogs to run, play, and socialize, and even throw fantastic Birthday Party's for our dogs.
These people truly love what they do and my Husband and I are so lucky to have found this truly amazing place.
My dog just loves going there and therefore, we have peace of mind knowing he is happy, safe, getting lots of exercise, being fed nutritious meals, and being loved in his home away from home!
Thank you George and Andrea for making our family part of your family, you guys are amazing!

George and Andrea are wonderful.
This was the first time our dog has been away from us for more than 8 hours since we brought him home, so it was very hard on us.
I love their no Cage policy.
This is a great place for social dogs.
My fiancé picked him up after 3 nights at K-9 Kountry and said he looked great and happy.
This is definitely my go to spot if I ever need to board my dog, whether it be for an hour or a week..
He ate fresh cooked meals and treats his entire stay.
Thank you George and Andrea for taking care of our puppy.

Honestly, people aren't lying about George and Andrea.
I've left my dog with them on two separate occasions (one time for 2 weeks), and my dog had a BLAST!
Yes, it is a bit pricier than other dog boarding places, but as they stated, there aren't kennels or cages, so you don't need to worry about your dog rolling around in his/her own filth.
Everyone there is kind and attentive to the dogs, and they even make them homemade dog treats.
My favorite thing about them is that they consistently sent me photos of my beloved dog during my time away.
Unfortunately I've moved away from the area since then, but anyone that visits the area would be more than pleased with K-9 Kountry!

I take my furball here usually a few times a week.
He LOVES it here.
It is a bit pricier than a lot of places, but you get what you pay for.

We hit the jackpot in Las Vegas and it wasn't in the casinos.
It was K-9 Kountry.
We took Buddy our Husky with us on a road trip to Vegas.
Wow, if you need a place for your dog to stay and be well cared for, then this is the place!
I was thinking of Buddy while donating to the casinos and out of the blue we get a text picture of Buddy playing and having fun.
Later on that evening, they sent us a text video of buddy playing with the other dogs.
This was his first sleep over away from us (Ha).
Buddy was able to socialize with other dogs and was given gourmet, natural treats.
The owners Andreea and George, along with their workers deserve 10 bones!
And then some!
It is a loving place to take your dog.
They are very experienced and knowledgeable in dealing with dogs, and their parents.
They have about two acres and only take 25 dogs at a time.
I told Linda put a collar around my neck and drop me off with him.
They are located about a half mile off the strip and about 10 minutes from the heart of the Las Vegas Strip.
They are great people, great place, and great location.
We will be using them again.
Buddy had a blast.
Tom, Linda, and Buddy

