had my Toyota truck' s water pump, transmission and radiator replaced last summer by this shop.
thought the water pump might of been leaking and even though the wAIT was over 2 Hours long the new shop manager seem too perform all necessary tests to make sure it wasn't.
so fAR SO GOOD.

FINALLY!!!
An auto repair shop I TRUST!!
my 2000 Dodge neon was on its last limbs.
I got a quote at Dr. Auto on Craig and the $$ quote was outrageous$$.
But thankfully someone recommended that I try AA so I gave them a shot and am I glad I did!!
I needed motor mounts, an ignition switch, and i needed a starter because some dumb-dumb I work with banged the sh*t out of it "trying to be helpful" basically destroyed my starter.
but AA fixed everything!!
and I LOVED THEIR PRICE!!
they also fixed my power steering and air conditioning!!
!I I love AA auto!!!
Bobby is the owner.
A very nice guy, very helpful.
and Terry is one good mechanic.
I definitely recommend them.

I wouldn't go to this auto repair shop I've been constantly having to return to this place because of the engine shaking where they kept telling me it was the "fuel injectors" well today got all of them changed and behold it's still doing the exact same problems after paying them to "fix it.
"  Never returning to this shop again

Good price on full synthetic oil change and its quick and easy and got my tires rotated for free.
Need some other things done they said but seemed a little spendy.

I have a Volkswagen beetle and I went to AutoZone and got a battery and they told me that they could not put it in for me because it was too difficult.
They recommended I go to AA auto care that they would put the battery in from me.
They not only put it in for me but didn't even charge me 1 cent.
Thanks so much!

The dude in the front, charging people and what not..(probably the owner) was a little in over his head.
He thought he was bigger and better and came off super rude...
He seemed honest though so I trusted him when he said "your tires are practically illegal, you need new ones" so as a responsible, paranoid human, I bought 2 new tires and then I show my friends my old tires and they all said I could've used my tires for a little longer...
If it wasn't for the mechanic that took me home while my car was in the shop this place would probably get a 1 star.... My biggest pet peeve is guys in auto shops trying to screw over women, in this case I feel a little screwed over and pissed off!
Don't go out of your way to come here.

It is so difficult to find an auto repair shop that you can trust... especially if you are a woman!
I found AA Auto Repair due to a coupon that came in the weekly flyer.
I followed it up with a visit to Yelp.
I was very pleased with my experience.
I had brakes with pads and routers done for $60 less than Big O.
But what I was most impressed with is when a mechanic came in and told a woman waiting in the room with me "you don't need brakes.
I'm not going to sell you something you don't need".
At that moment I knew I found a trustworthy place!

