The Massive Spectacular!™ is an "Epic Stage Production"™, where Bellydance Superstars Kami Liddle and Zoe Jakes of Beats Antique fame, are joined by internationally renowned belly dancers such as Jill Parker, Mira Betz, The Lady Fred, Amy Sigil of UNMATA, Sera Solstice, Sharon Kihara, and more iconic dancers from around the globe, for an unparalleled one-night-only extravaganza of Le Danse Oriental.
These vibrant belly dancers will take the stage at the Railhead inside Boulder Station Casino in Las Vegas promptly at 7pm, where various styles of bellydance and performance art are represented by the greatest entertainers of our time, and the hottest names in the business!
This unmissable, awe-inspiring evening is one you will savor in your mind's eye for years to come, as beautiful belly dancers entertain, enchant, and mesmerize in this yearly theatrical experience.
Read what some of our adoring fans have written:   The Massive Spectacular show particularly lives up to its name.
With some of the world's best talent gathered on a professional stage, supported by state-of-the-art lights and sound, the Spectacular may be the single greatest show in belly dance today.
The 2011 show was no exception... At least until next year (specifically March 1st, 2012) when The Massive Spectacular hits the Vegas stage for the biggest show in all of bellydance.
Brad Dosland - Taboo Media    The MASSIVE Spectacular!
" - the incredible theater show featuring all your top instructors and special guests artists, that create a stellar line up of talent - all in one evening!
Lava - Lana O'Keefe, Tribal Fusion Dance Artist  www.lavastudio.ca   Thank you for all of your hard work.
It really paid off with a magnificent performance and evening.
Sam and I really appreciate all of your efforts and professionalism.
The show was stunning and the performances were innovative and captivating!
As always,  Jasmine G    I don't even know where to begin, but thank you deeply for the amazing effort you put into making this past weekend possible.
Your dedication to a vision that resides well beyond the typical plane of art is something I have great respect for.
You are an amazing woman and have so much to offer your community.
You have already offered and created so much in your own life and in the lives of others.
It was an honor to spend the weekend with you and I have so much more to write.
I just wanted to end you my heartfelt thanks and deepest appreciation for your trust, loyalty, friendship and downright awesomeness as a woman, dancer and producer.
Your support and energy truly means so much to me.
My best,  Tiffany B   Such an amazing event!!!
the show... what a beautiful production!!!
Tori brings impeccable detail to the event, that only shows how close it is to her heart!
-- Tara Bellydance

The Massive Spectacular!
is an amazing annual event that is always sure to deliver.
Every year the event's director brings in guest performers from around the globe to showcase the magic and beauty of belly dance.
I have been lucky enough to attend this event the last two years and can't wait to see what 2013 has in store.
Do NOT miss out on your chance to witness this incredible show live!
- Heather Trujillo

This event is by far one of the best stage displays of Tribal Fusion to date!
The Massive Spectacular feeds the Fusionista's soul with two weeks full of workshops from the best dancers/instructors from all around the world.
They offer a wealth of knowledge with the many educational workshops and the stage production itself is a worldly culmination of bellydance in it's many forms.
This event is ideal for the curious student who's looking to "dip their toes" into the waters of our world and even more perfect for the existing dancer who's looking to learn more and build on their current practice!

