I was referred to Kevin by a friend after having a few coloring disasters by multiple hair stylists.
I came to him with a spectrum of wrong colors going through my hair and he was able to make me look amazing.
It is never brassy and it always still feels healthy afterwards, not dry and damaged like other times I have had it overprocessed.
It is a little of a drive for me but I would follow him anywhere!!
It has been almost 2 years now and every time I get my highlights, I am so relieved that my hair is in the care of his talented hands.
I highly recommend him!

Not sure.
Had a 10:00 appointment, and owner?/stylist was a no show.
Finally called at 10:15 and said was having trouble getting a cab.
Hard to own a small business if you can't manage guest expectations or time.

Kevin the owner is the best very knowledgable and polite.
He really knows his way around a head of hair.
Gives the best head massages while washing your hair.

I have only had my hair done by Sherri, and she is awesome!
Over the last two years, I have gone from almost waist length hair to a pixie cut and all the cuts in-between have looked great.
Sherri has a knack for cutting hair in a way that always makes you look good.
If you have a picture, she can match it.
Sherri also gives amazing head massages.
She's got a great personality too!

I live in the neighborhood and drive past The Office Salon all the time.
I finally called and made an appointment with Sherri, and now I'm hooked.
Every time I show up looking like an ugly ducking, and she sends me off as a swan.
Perfect shape to my short haircut, and she did a color correction for me that was much needed.
The thing I love best???
Sherri teaches me how to blow dry and style the cut correctly so I always look like I just left the salon.
If I want to try something different, she'll show me how to do that too!
Not many stylists take the time to teach and I really appreciate her for that.
She's a peach.
Make an appointment, you won't regret it.

Jaime has been doing my hair for months!
I seriously wouldn't let any else touch my hair besides her!
She knows exactly what I want every time I go in and keeps track of what we have done with my hair in the past.
She is simply amazing and has the greatest personality, I adore her!
The Office Salon has such a retro cool vibe yet makes you feel right at home.
I look forward to my appointment each and every time.
If you are looking for a great stylist (Jaime, Sherri or Kevin) and a cool place to get your hair done... GO to The Office Salon!

Right when you walk in to The Office, you're hit with this awesome, retro vibe that's both relaxed and tasteful.
The very walls ooze creativity and style, without an ounce of pretentiousness.
This is simply a place where really talented, cool people give great haircuts.
Jaime's my girl.
I'm one of those typical American white guys who can easily look like an overweight marine with the wrong cut.
And even the best cuts seem to leave me looking, well, like a boring typical American white guy.
But whenever I walk into The Office, Jaime always has a new, fresh vision for how to cut my hair.
It always sounds a little outside my comfort zone at first, but always ends up looking sharp and tasteful and classy and, well, cool.
Not marine-like at all.
My wife refuses to let me get my hair cut anywhere else.
We moved to Los Angeles, and I work in the entertainment industry, where I can get my hair cut by fancy on-set hairdressers any day of the week.
But I still hold out for visits to Phoenix so I can get cut by Jaime.
She really is a talent .
Highly, highly recommended.

I love this salon!
From the stylist to the decor this place is great.
Jaime V. has been my stylist for awhile now and I won't see anyone else but her!
I trust her, her style and judgement with my hair.
She's honest and a perfectionist.
You won't leave disappointed if you go see Jaime!

Kevin has been my trusted colorist and stylist for several years.
As most women know, the hairdresser client bond is often times more important than any romantic relationship.
He is a friend and incredibly talented.
He is also very competitive price wise and I would follow him anywhere.
I am thrilled he has his own adorable yet chic salon of his own.

The first time that I met Jaime, she was recommended by my friend, an editorial photographer, to style my hair for my Gatsby-themed engagement shoot.
What I loved about Jaime was that--even though I hadn't met or talked to her before then--she had come prepared with an inspiration board on Pinterest of a variety of possible styles for my 1920s-inspired engagement shoot.
Everything she chose was actually a difficult style--but I loved it all.
How could I choose?
Even more, I was impressed that she could style these large array of ideas.
After a few minutes of getting to know me and my style, she made my hair that lovely, romantic, vintage feel: But of course, she made me looks exactly how I wanted to.
After meeting Jaime that time, I knew that I needed her for my wedding.
My sister--and maid of honor--actually met with her for my engagement party to style our hair.
Not only did she hit the nail on the head with our individual styles (super different might I add), but she also had $15 blowout sale.
Um, steal?
Yes.
Let's concur: A freaking steal.
I cannot stress how awesome it is to find a gem of a stylist who has a rare quality that combines passion and talent with a compromise of knowing what YOU want.
(While also being compppppllleeetttely reasonably priced.
) Did I mention that she actually styles hair for local magazines?
She goes out on her spare time to style for shoots, and bands, and other things, while also being reasonably priced.
Mind blown.
When prepping for my "wedding color" hair last week, Jaime knew what romantic, wavy, style I was going for--it was only the color that was stressing me out.
I kept saying "a dark, bright brown" which I know can be annoying to any hair stylist due to a lackluster description.
Jaime took it a step further with her knowledge: she mentioned how my hair would look amazing with more "dimension.
" Before going wild with color (she doesn't really do that anyway--at least not with moi), she actually asked about what I my hair had been colored before.
Not many stylists do that.
She actually wanted to understand my hair so the process be a) easier on the both of us, and b) would look as amazing on me as possible.
Can't tell you how much I loved it?
Here I go: I loved it.
Anyway, to add more "dimension" Jaime added the most natural-looking highlights I've ever had while maintaining my "dark brown.
" Not only does it feel like I have an instant style with the highlights, but she had cut very gross, dry, damaged hair that definitely needed to go bye-bye.
I freaking love my hair, am super excited for my wedding, and have mentioned this gem of a hair stylist to basically everyone.
If you're looking for a stylist who knows definitely knows style, color, and understanding what you want then Jaime is definitely your lady.
It's super hard to find someone like that.
Trust me: I know!

If you are looking for a place for great hair and a comfortable salon this is the place to try.
Kevin is the best my hair has never been in better condition since I started going to Kevin.
Along with the products i will reference as hair crack smells yummy.
Check them out very relaxed and comfortable.

What can I say about The Office?
Only my newfound hope that my hair can actually look good!
Kevin is the best and knows how to make a girl look good.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

Sherri is the best ever!
I have hopped around to different salons all over the Phoenix/ Scottsdale area and I finally feel like I have found a place that I am going to make my one and only hair salon.
Sherri takes time to listen to what I want done and she asks questions to make sure that it is going to come out exactly how I want it (and it always does).
With many other places I have been I have felt the need to rush home and fix my hair style after I leave, but with Sherri I want to go out and show off what she has done.
She is also super cool and funny and easy to talk to.
I would recommend Sherri to anyone!

I love this place!
I first started going to Sherri over 2 years ago when she worked at Dylan's Salon, and I followed her when she opened up The Office.
Sherri helped me take the plunge in cutting my long curly hair into a pixie cut, and I haven't looked back since!
Sherri is incredibly talented in cutting short hair and ensuring that it maintains the edgy, yet feminine look that I'm going for.
I also love The Office's atmosphere...laid back, lots of sunlight, retro furniture, great art, and genuinely kind and hilarious people.
I would recommend The Office Salon to anyone!

Thank you Sherri for another great cut & color!!
This is a great salon!
Great atmosphere and very friendly service!
Highly recommend!

I moved to Scottsdale in 2010.
The most important service to find was a good cosmetologist.
I tried an expensive salon in old town and didn't have a good experience.
The best thing that happened for me since moving here was meeting Kevin Anderson through a mutual friend/client of his.
He is truly a great hair stylist and a genuine, wonderful person.
I look forward to seeing him every time and always leave with beautiful hair - many compliments and friends who have gone to him also because of how my hair looks - cut, color and style.
He knows what will look good for each person.
I am so happy for him to have his own salon now, he was formerly at Dylan's in Arcadia.
Wish him all the best, he will be my stylist as long as I live here!!

I love the product line they sell, prices are not cheep but I feel I always get what I pay for here.
VERY knowledgeable and informative staff.
It's a cute place and they are always great about getting me in last minute.

Kevin Anderson at The Office Salon is a true artist!
He does amazing color and highlights as well as incredible cuts.
He is very knowledgable and always has great input and ideas (without being too pushy) for fresh haircuts and color.
You will always leave The Office Salon feeling like a new, revitalized person!

Finally!!
After many years of thinking about having my hair cut short I finally had it done about a year ago.
I had a couple of ideas in mind, and finally after three other salons not getting it quite right I have found the one!!
Sherri asked a lot of questions, took her time, was fun to talk to as she worked her magic.
I LOVE my new cut!

Kevin Anderson is a color God!
I've been coming to him for about a year now and I absolutely love my hair.
When I first walked in, my hair was box colored black.
I wanted to be blond again.
The first appointment, he worked on me for 3 1/2 hours to get the black out, God bless him.
Every time I came in, he got me a little lighter and a little lighter till finally I'm back to blond.
He has done a great job with my hair and I even 'let him' cut my long ass hair to shoulder length and even going shorter next time I go in.
Kevin is the owner and he is young and hip.
Oh and did I mention adorable?
He is very talented and I feel very lucky to have found him.
If you need a GREAT colorist, go see him.
He has a great business with lots of talent.

Love this place!
Very happy with color & cut that I've gotten.
For the past three years I've tried a new hair place almost every time I needed something, but no more.
I'll be a regular customer here from now on.

Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, how do I love thee....She is amazing and patient.
She has the type of hair herself that she knows how to take care and cut your hair.
The best part is that she takes her time and makes sure she is giving you the cut and style YOU want - but she also makes great suggestions on what would work for your hair as well.
The office is a great little location with some good history - just ask the stylist about it and they will tell you - its actually pretty cute.
I think what I like best is that its a small salon with out a lot of noise and you don't feel like you're being rushed through everything.
You can sit and be worked on at your own pace and that is very helpful.
I heart this place and Jamie more importantly.

