Went to JB's after church today and had the meatiest rib tips, the best sweet potato fries, and the most interesting okra hash I've ever had.
JB's has a very clean and prettily painted restaurant.
And the price is right.
People who want to have authentic Louisiana, Southern, Soulful food need to go and go often!
I hope they live long and prosper.

After reading previous reviews we were really excited.
Ordered the ribs, the rib-tips, jambalaya and alligator bites.
Dinners came with fries and slaw.
The ribs all came individual, not on a rack, which is fine, but they were not as tender as some of the other local rib joints.The rib tips were okay.
The gator bites had a decent breading, but I've had more tender gator down south, still they were okay.
The slaw and fries were really good.
Was disappointed in the jambalaya as it has no kick, no heat, no flavor.
I'll return and try some other things as I really want JB's to succeed.
I'll write a follow up when I do and am open to reading reviews on other items in the menu.
I did try to order the shrimp etouffe, but they were out.
I'll try that next time and hope it has more of an authentic flavor that it's counterpart, the jambalaya lacked.

Very nice!
Got the cajun catfish fillets-- could have been a bit spicier, but otherwise were cooked to perfection with great batter.
Greens and yams were awesome.
Service and atmosphere was friendly.
Pretty small place so might be tough for a larger group to get a table together.
Sides are "fixed" if you get the dinners (fries and slaw I think) so if you want other sides you have to order everything ala carte (which is not a problem, but "pick your own sides" is better!
)  The serving sizes for the sides (I got "small") was generous.
This place will give Melly Mel's some competition (which I hope is not bad for either, since they are both great).
JB's is definitely easier to get to than Melly Mel's, but MM's has more seating available.

When we first pulled up to the restaurant, we weren't sure what to expect because it's located next door to a gas station - from the outside it looked like they might have been attached, though they're not.
Once we walked inside, however, we knew we were in for something good.
It's a very simple set up: walk up to the counter, order, and they bring out your food in a to-go container even if you're dining in (the place isn't particularly big inside).
For the adventurous, there are a few slightly intimidating items on the menu like frog legs and alligator too.
But all of it is real food by real Louisianans.
The woman behind the counter was friendly, and within a few minutes of ordering, the owner (James Brown) came out and introduced himself.
While we waited for our food, he gave us free samples of their candied yams, okra (which were my two favorites), red beans with rice (also delicious), and we started talking about Louisiana, it's cemeteries, his interest in history, and how he came to own this restaurant.
Then our food came out.
I ordered the ribs (4 pieces), which was a lot of food with fries and coleslaw.
The meat was tender and not overly fatty.
As we finished up, I asked James Brown if he would describe what frog legs taste like, and he told me that if I had time, he'd cook a couple up and we could try them on the house.
(We offered to pay, but he very kindly insisted on treating.
) So, we gave them a shot!
They're lightly breaded and fried, and (surprisingly) the texture isn't rubbery at all.
I would describe it like a catfish drumstick.
I was so surprised at how much I liked them.
I could definitely see myself ordering them next time.
My husband is going to use JB's Eat-A-Bite BBQ for an upcoming catered event for 40 people, so we hope everything will be just as delicious as going in person.
This was a really great find.

How many times does a car pass a BBQ joint and not stop in and give the ribs a try... Too many time, my friends.
I arrived this morning just as they were opening and was immediately impressed with the cleanliness and customer service... From the owner, Mr. Brown, young lady at the counter, to the young man cooking, they took an interest if this was my first time visiting JB's and welcomed me.
I order 6 pork rib dinner with the French fries, cole slaw and a muffin... Let me start off mentioning that as I waited for my lunch, Mr Brown stopped by and gave me a generous sampling of his red beans and rice...
It was tasty, meaty, and appreciated... That my friends is CUSTOMER SERVICE.
On to the ribs... Let me start off that I travel regularly and have sampled ribs around the country... JB's is one of the very best ribs I have ever tasted... Meaty/fall off the bone ribs with a generous smoky sauce.
Fries were crisp.
cole slaw was fresh/crunchy, all were generous in their portions...
If you enjoy a great BBQ experience, and YES, it was an experience, feel that your business is APPRECIATED, please treat yourself to "the best kept BBQ Secret in Madison".
As the Godfather of soul, the late great James Brown said...  "When you're tired of what you have, give us a try"  Give JB's Eat-A-Bite BBQ a try...

Eating at JB's is the kind of experience where you stop talking when the food arrives and start shoveling, fork to mouth in rapid, quiet succession.
When it's all over, you pull your knees to your chest, gaze at your navel, and think about how this is the last place on earth that cares about how food tastes.
Order the rib tips, order the wings (made to order so be patient), have ALL the sides.
I mean, there's nothing transcendental about the recipes, they're just executed deliberately, brilliantly, and without compromise.
Heads up you'll probably have to make time for a post meal nap.

ThIs place has great food, but what really stood out for us was the friendly staff.
They went out of their way to be welcoming and let us sample things that we hadn't ordered.
Between the 4 of us, we had the wings, ribs, brisket sandwich, fries, cole slaw, and mac & cheese- all were awesome.
The jambalaya, okra, and candied yams were also delicious.
I'm looking forward to trying the catfish nuggets and pulled pork sandwich.

I take my BBQ seriously, and JB's did not disappoint.
My husband and I had shared the rib tips, turnip and collard greens and the spicy red beans and rice.
That last dish was authentic, which meant it had too much heat for me, but my husband loved it!
JB was a very gracious host, giving us samples as we perused the menu before we ordered.
He brought out tasters of the greens, which usually I would avoid, but they were delicious.
Another free sample was the okra, and here's a shocker, his okra was FANTASTIC!
Not gelatinous in the least, but cooked perfectly in olive oil and seasoned well, a nice bite to the teeth, not soggy-- JB made a convert out of me with regards to okra.
JB also had us try the sweet potatoes, which were cooked perfectly, but a bit too sweet for me, and the red beans and rice.
The man knows how to sell his food!
The rib tips were to die for, nicely meaty and a great tasting sauce on them.
JB sat and chatted with us for a few minutes, as he did with every customer who came in.
We were there mid-afternoon, long after the lunch rush, yet a constant stream of customers came in for food.
This place isn't easy to find.
It's tucked into a corner of a tiny, two-store front strip mall, next to a 7-11, but it's worth looking around to find it.
I'd give JB's five stars, but we did have a wait for our food.
I know, I know...good food takes awhile, but I was hungry and needed to nosh then!
There is really interesting artwork on the walls.
Take a minute and look.
Definite conversation starters there.
Next time I will explore the ribs, or the alligator, or the frog legs...  We will definitely be back!

Hats off to JB!
The best BBQ in Dane County right here.
Made to order food made with soul and love, Collard greens, Red Beans and rice are the best I've had with pieces of sausage and chicken in it!
Louisiana Cooking at its Finest!
Gator,okra,catfish stakes.
all sides made from scratch in house.
Candied yams!
I will keep coming here until I've tried everything on the menu, then start over!
I met JB and he and his staff are very courteous and hospitable.
Eat your Heart out  New Orleans Take out!!!
(NOTO) We finnally got the real deal Louisiana cooking in Madison!

Prices pretty standard, ribs were tender but not very tasty, like they had been cooked on the stove not barbequed.
Relied on the sauce.
Staff was friendly, service quick.

Tried this place for the first time on a windy November night.
JBs felt like a cozy getaway from Wisonsin and offered great food and service.
JB is a host among hosts and will make sure you feel at home.
Definitely try the okra; it's a savory delight.
JB offered several samples before we ordered and everything we tried was excellent (okra, candied yams, and red beans and rice).
He even ran my cornbread muffin out to the car for me after it was almost forgotten!
Great place; will definitely be back.

Very clean and it's a nice place.
My girlfriend and I had different experiences.
I had the brisket and I thought the portion was a little small.
She had the catfish and loved it.
The brisket was ok but nothing special.
The cornbread and awful.
The sides that came with the dinners are fries and slaw with no substations.
I'll try it again but I don't think it's special.

Everything was super yummy.
We had pork sandwich, rib tips, red beans and rice, gator, slaw, yams, and greens.
All Great!

This is our second time eating at JB's and again we ordered a different items off the menu than we did the first time just because all the food seems so good I ordered the beef tips and my wife ordered a brisket sandwich.
JB's is the kind of neighborhood place that you want to stay open because they do such an excellent job of the Louisiana style southern food

The food here is the best BBQ in Madison.
The ribs are smoked to perfection.
The only downside is the only good option is takeout.
The dining area is very small.
The staff is not always on the same page, so sometimes the order takes awhile, but it is worth the wait.
Amazing collard greens and sweet potato fries as well!

Best rib tips in town paired with the okra and mac and cheese...doesn't get any better.

