YUM!
I love anything grilled cheese and this place did not disappoint.
I was able to check out this truck at the Streets Food Festival.
I got there early and luckily the line for this truck was not too bad.
When we were leaving, the line was crazy.
There is a reason though.
The grilled cheese was delicious.
I got to try a brie and green apple grilled cheese.
Oh I still dream of this concoction.
It was just crispy enough and had so much delicious cheese.
I just wish it was bigger or that i ordered too.
My husband had a grilled cheese with fritos, spicy cheese, pork and he was amazed.
He does not get excited by food, but he got excited by this.
We loved it.
Follow them on facebook.
They are franchising their trucks, and keeping a truck in Phoenix now.
I will definitely be going again.
It is also owned and ran by veterans- so I felt even better giving them my money.

The Wife and I were to run errands after I gave Blood on Saturday, and as we were going to be on that side of town anyway, we drove out to the Gilbert Farmer's Market to grab some grub from the trucks that were gathered.
Thus I discovered the Grilled Cheese Truck.
At first glance at the eclectic menu of melty goodness, I saw the prices and pondered whether $7 was just a bit too much for a Grilled Cheese Sandwich.
After careful consideration, and spying what looked like the tastiest thing on the truck, I figured I'd find out.
My Choice: The Pepperbelly Melt.
Composed of habanero jack cheese with homemade chili, cilantro lime sour cream, fire-roasted tomato salsa and crunchy Fritos, I was certainly going to find out.
The homemade chili itself makes it a formidable sandwich, but the habanero jack cheese ups the ante.
I added Bacon because that's how I roll.
It was relatively well balanced, with the chili just slightly edging the the other flavors to the background, to he point that I could just barely make out the cilantro sour cream.
I must have let the sandwich sit too long (less than a minute) because my Fritos were either not present, or soggy.
I would order it again, just to make sure this one wasn't a fluke.
The Tots that are available as a side a re a good complement, but not as much as tomato soup would be.
And, the Grilled Cheese Truck knows you don't fix what's broken ,offering Tomato Soup by the shot or cup.
I think, perhaps $7 is a bit much, but I'm willing to reserve final judgement until I visit them again and see if the Pepperbelly truly blows me away.
They are all over, and in many states, but check their website: http://www.thegrilledcheesetruck.com/, then get down there and give them a try.
They post their calendar for their cities there.

Some friends and I checked it out at sleepy dog and its delish!
Tried the goat cheese, porkbelly, and apple pie grilled cheeses plus the tomato soup.
All had distinct flavors and were yummy!
Definitely worth tracking down!

Mixed experience here.
The tomato soup tasted like and had the consistency of spaghetti sauce.
It may be fine for dipping but not for sipping.
On the other hand, the French onion soup grilled cheese sandwich was phenomenal.
The end result?
The sandwich met and exceeded expectations for something called The Grilled Cheese Truck so that outweighs the awful soup - 3 stars.

What a mess of an experience.
Decided to try them at the Scottsdale Arts Show.
They had a healthy line going, so I gathered bad things I'd heard must have been fixed.
Nope.
I'll give it as a list.
People were getting their sandwich an hour after getting in line.
We waited a half hour for ours after ordering, but not sure how long we were in line before that.
A half hour for a grilled cheese sandwich... at a food truck?
Ridiculous.
They could have told people about the wait or done other things to help, but nope.
People ended up comparing the time stamp on their receipts to try and figure out which order things were coming out in and when they might get their food.
So we got the food... and my wife's order was wrong.
I had a special order, which they got right, but she ordered one of their standard options and they messed it up.
We debated complaining but, what, wait another half hour to fix it?
The sandwiches were okay at best.
They came out nice and hot, but just not that exciting.
Certainly not worth the wait and hassle on a food truck that doesn't seem to have their act together.
"Grilled cheese" is a comfort food that people love, so I think that's where they're getting a lot of their draw when they show up.
Pass them by and hit a different one of the great food trucks if you have an option.
I've never seen a place put so much discomfort in comfort food.

Disapointing after a 20 minute wait.
I had the "Fully Loaded" and the Smores.
Neither was worth the wait.
I was hoping the sandwich would bring home good family mories, which it did.
It made me miss my mom's cooking which was much better.

Meh.
It's just a grilled cheese sandwich.
Nothing else.
I can make the exact same thing at home and not pay $8 for it.
Like someone else said, this is just a fad.

My favorite food truck of all time.
I'm having them cater my wedding.

This... Was an interesting forced upon find... Like...
They found me.
Literally.
I was minding my own business at work when an email came through from the big bosses that this food truck would be in the parking lot.
Apparently they'd demanded their presence.
And then every employee in my call center, including my boss, began chattering all excitedly like Gollum to his precious about the noms to be found inside this obnoxious colored food truck,.
I was intrigued.
I was even more intrigued and skeptical when I learned this was a truck that only served grilled cheese.
And then I learned more... Like...
They're not your average cheese and soggy bread sammiches!
I ordered, at my boss' behest, the Cheesey Mac N' Rib with BBQ pork and tots.
This should be illegal.
It's to die for, and their bacon mayo:?
Equally heinous and just... wrong.
Food truck food should NOT taste this good.
Ever.
My skepticism was shattered.
Only complaint?
It took 20 minutes for my order to be up.
My break is an hour long... That was precious facebook time wasted so I'll remove a star, but other than that?
Holy God.
Please come back!

OK worked the Great AZ Beer Festival, had a pepperbelly sandwich, with chili, freto's and habenero cheese, it was the bomb.
They do corporate events and charity events also, all the cooks and servers are funny and really know their stuff.
Cheese is an american favorite food, these guys know their cheese...

I will not give them more or less stars because to be honest anytime you have a food truck you don't expect much.
The pricing on these grill cheeses seemed high and I never struggle with paying more but you ask me to pay, I ask for good food.
Lets just say the different selections I ordered didn't sell me.
I was hoping for a great tasting grill cheese and instead I self reflected with nostalgia from my grade school lunch tray..
The tots tasted like they came from a Safeway and the cheese on my sandwich seemed to be picked up at the next aisle.
I appreciate the attempt.

I have seen this truck around Los Angeles and after catching up with one in Scottsdale I found out that they have 3 in L.A. and 2 in Phoenix area.
I got the "fully loaded" which is sharp cheddar, macaroni and cheese, pulled pork, caramelized onions.
The combo version of this comes with your choice of tomato soup or tater tots and a drink.
The sandwich itself was great and has enough on it to fill you up but at $11.75 for the combo I was not happy with the soup.
It was really chunky almost like chile, I think it would be much better paired with the grilled cheese if it was more like a bisque.
I will try it again next time I happen to see one of these trucks but without the soup.

This truck is awesome.
They make probably the most genius sandwich known to man, the grilled cheese with Mac n cheese AND ribs on it.
Absolutely incredible.
If they had a location I'd be there all the time!

I was all excited but it was very average.
Over priced for what you get.
They use typical small size bread like what you'd use at home, and it does not hold up well or get a nice crunch.
They could do a lot better w/ quality "deli" sized bread which they could grill longer/slower for that all important crunch you expect w/ a grilled cheese sand.
The flavor is not bad but they missed the boat.

Only thing we had was a customized dessert melt with roasted banana puree, graham crackers and marshmallow since we wanted to try out several trucks but it was to die for delicious.
They had a ton of menu options so we can't wait to go back again!

Our family loves Grill Cheese sandwiches and I make them at home all the time with some awesome ingredients.
I checked the calender and found out they would be close to us so we went.
I was a little disappointed.
The bread was just plain bread nothing fancy like rolls or croissants, they did not have ice cream shakes like i heard they had from a friend.
My friend ordered the three cheese with bacon which was a whopping $7.75 really for a sandwich...I ordered a specially designed three cheese with brie, American and the fancy swiss since they only had Goat's cheese with tomatoes.. My sandwich the cheese was not melted all the way so it was crunchy and they were both very very salty, they should use unsalted butter.
I was not impressed, over priced sandwiches, nothing unique, very boring.
I will not be back.
I make them better at home using different breads and ingredients.
This was the Scottsdale AZ truck.
They staff were really nice.
One of the cooks used to cook for the Navy and was stationed on submarines.
cool - the highlight was talking to him not the food.

I had the Fully Loaded special today for lunch and wasn't impressed at all, the pulled pork had no flavor, the mac and cheese was average and the sharp cheddar overpowered the entire sandwich.
I gave it a try like I wanted to but I won't be back, for $9 I could have had something better from Food Truck Fridays.

I really had to argue with myself whether to give this place 3 or 4 starts.
Food truck Wednesday consists of a handful of trucks going to a car dealership off Raintree and Hayden in Scottsdale.
Most people in my office have heard of some that go there but didn't know about these guys.
A few months ago when they opened this location, they came into our office and told me that they would be around and I have wanted to try them ever since.
Fast forward to today when I have a pregnant woman in the office and me having a fat attack, we decide its the perfect day to go for a visit.
We had searched their menu online and had a good idea of what to order before we got there.
Their special today was chicken and fried waffles grilled cheese with gravy sauce for dipping.
It looked good but I didn't see anyone else order it and I already had my mind made up.
My friend ordered the Mac and Cheese grilled cheese with a side of tots and their bloody mary ketchup.
I ordered the Mac and Cheese grilled cheese with tomato soup side.
The sandwich was good with sharp cheddar.
I have never had pasta in my sandwich before so it was a little weird eating as the pasta would sometimes slip out - but it was good!
The bloody mary ketcup was good, it tasted more like a cocktail sauce but it was nice and spicy and refreshing the way the drink is too.
Tots are tots are tots -deep fried nuggets of potato and I love them.
The soup was where I had more of an issue.
I didn't have an issue with the flavor.
It had great tomato flavor with the yummy licorice of basil mixed in however it wasn't a soup....it was closer to a thick marinara sauce that you would eat on pizza or with mozzarella sticks or something more to that nature.
Now don't judge me too hard but this is how I would do it if I were them:  Create something called Grilled Cheese Dippers where you cut the sandwich in strips rather than triangles, thus making dipping easier.
Use the great soup/sauce as the dip and you have yourself a great meal.
Create a velvety creamy tomato soup for the actual soup part and then give people the option of what they want.
I literally had to spoon the "soup" onto my sandwich to make it would because eating this "soup" was as if I opened a jar of pizza sauce and heated it up.
I will go back here.
I know they have great flavors and I even saw a special for a caprese grilled cheese.
And their regular menu items seem like they are awesome as well.
I can't wait to give this place another chance.

I love this truck.
I have had it 3 times now.
It has come down in Tempe to World of Beer and now is coming to my work.
Expect about $10 for a sandwich, 1/2 order of tots, drink, and ketchup.
Two of the times I have had the buffalo chicken with blue cheese.
The other was the mac and cheese with rib (fully loaded).
Both are excellent.
The tots are great, especially with the bloody mary ketchup dipping sauce.
I definitely recommend this one!

We've gone to food truck caravan 3 times now and these guys have been there every time.
The lines are always the longest at this truck so we avoided them the first two times.
This last time we got to food truck caravan early so we decided to try Grilled Cheese while the line was short.
We ordered the Fully Loaded which is a grilled cheese with Mac and cheese and BBQ pulled pork on French bread.
Not surprising, it was very good.
We also ordered a grilled banana French toast, which was just ok.  As good as the Fully Loaded is, it was still a little pricy.
Also, I wouldn't wait the long lines for it.
So for those two reasons I took away a star.
Other than that, they do make a nice grilled cheese.

Tried this at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan - a grilled cheese lover's dream!
Pure artery clogging goodness.
My friend and I split two of the sandwiches, one was the Cheesey Mac and Rib - definitely our favorite of the two.
It was full of mac n cheese, sharp chedder, bbq pork, and caramelized onions.
I can't remember the other one we tried - it was good, but didn't even compare to the Cheesey Mac and Rib.

Note to ownership, please offer gluten-free bread!
We ran into them at the Food Truck Caravan in Scottsdale on Saturday night.
My daughter and wife had a grilled cheese that contained mac & cheese and rib which they went gaga for!
They also had tater tots that had a toasted Parmesan ranch dipping sauce which was excellent!
My daughter wants to try this truck again.
I will if they have GF bread next time.
I can tell you that their truck had a sent coming off it that had me thinking about eating bread again for a second, it was good!

After a great meeting at CO+HOOTS, my boss and I decided to check out the Grilled Cheese Food Truck parked outside.
We split the Grilled Mac and Rib and a side of perfectly crispy tots!
I know these sandwiches are probably not on my diet, but sometimes it's worth a special treat!
I tried the bloody mary ketchup and it was a little spicy, but really good.
I also had to have a side of regular ketchup for dipping my tots, but that's a personal problem.
Some have called me a ketchup addict.
Maybe, but I happen to think it's under control!
Good idea for a successful small business.
There aren't many people that don't like a good grilled cheese sandwich.
How about a little tomato soup on the side in the future?
Sounds like an amazing combo to entice men and women, alike!

If I could give no stars I would.
After my boyfriend tried to convience me not to get a grill cheese, being a chef he said he'd just make me somthing as good if not better at home, I refused and said I want to support local business and try this place because of the great reviews!
I went over alone and ordered the three cheese with blue cheese,aged cheese and one another I can't remember.
Came out on a standered white peice of thin bread with a little cheese.
The cheese wasn't even melted after eating half of it my boyfriend wanted to take it back and have them actually melt the cheese all the way.
When he returned he told me they rudely looked at him like how dare they bring this uncooked grill cheese back.
They didn't even appoligize...said nothing at all to my boyfriend.
I was okay with the bad grilled cheese but terrible customer service in the food industry...unacceptable.
How can you be a grilled cheese food truck and not know how to make grilled cheese and be to over the top pricey!
Wow...thank god I had an unbelievable lobster roll at the lobster ladies truck before this let down.
Should of spent my hard earned cash at the pho king...never again will I support them.

Mmmm!
I came here during the first Friday event downtown, and I ordered the grilled cheese Mac and rib sandwich, which was Mac and cheese with pulled pork over sweet BBQ sauce and it was as delicious as it sounds.
It's cooked to order so there's a bit of a wait.
The lady asked me if I wanted a combo for three more dollars which included either a cup of soup or tots, and a soda.
I chose the tomato basil soup.
It's difficult to eat soup at the festival without a table and walking around, so I regretted getting the tots.
The soup would have been great with the sandwich but I ate it after my sandwich and it wasn't that great to me.
It was tomatoe-y and reminded me of prego, but had it been with my sandwich, I'm sure it would have been amazing.

Ripoff city.
No creativity with bread or layers of cheese, etc.
This place has become corporate.
Go look at their website and they are selling franchised trucks to roam the country.
They lost the quality, but it was my first time eating at this truck.
Caught up to these guys at the Cravan in Scottsdale with five other trucks.
I had the $5.50 three cheese melt and added marmalade onions for a buck.
It was just like I make at home and I should have opted for that decision.
Normal slices of wheat bread, small amounts of cheese and the blue cheese was not even melted properly.
Take some time, rethink the product your serving and make it better than it should be.
I think this truck is too far gone now to return to having unique food.

A friend has actually rented this truck out for his birthday.
Fun idea, but grilled cheese?
That's a pretty simple dish, right?
Ah, but have you had pulled pork, cheese, and macaroni on a grilled cheese sandwich (a.k.a.
the Cheesy Mac & Rib)?
Now that I have, I'll never look at the humble grilled cheese the same way again.
The buffalo chicken grilled cheese sandwich is equally worthy of praise, mixing in equal parts savory and spicy.
I also got an order of their s'more melt for dessert.
A mix of marshmallows, graham cracker, and Nutella.
This one was a little bit disappointing.
It tasted pretty good, but was much lighter than I expected and I think it could've used more Nutella.
Still, all in all a good meal with great unique twists on their menu to choose from.
A food truck definitely worth a try if you can track them down

It isn't your childhood favorite grilled cheese "samwich" - American cheese on rainbow bread melted & browned w/margarine.
Nope, it sure wasn't a kid-favorite sandwich.
It was a grown-up, way-better version of a good old American Grilled Cheese sandwich.
Double-cream Brie with bacon, smoked onion, bourbon marmalade and candied pecans all on black peppercorn bread.
And that was just one of the grown-up grilled cheese options that the Grilled Cheese Truck offered.
How about Cheesy Mac & Rib on French Bread?
or Buffalo Chicken Melt w/Habanero Jack & crumbled Bleu Cheese?
or Goat Cheese Melt w/sundried tomatoes, Basil, Spinach on Roasted Garlic Bread?
.or Three Cheese Melt (Gruyere, Aged White Cheddar, and Bleu Cheese)?
Of all the food truck options we tried the Saturday night we stopped in, the double-cream Brie was definitely my favorite.
Would I get it again?
Yep!
I would, but I don't think my kids would.
I may have to go home and make the American/Rainbow/margarine variety for them.
Just saying .
grown-up version.
Definitely.

These guys are legit.
Had them at my boyfriend's surprise birthday party at the house.
Was so awesome.
Food was delicious and the guys were there early for setup which was perfect!

Meh.
That's about how I describe this food truck to others.
It's not horrible...but it isn't great.
I work in Downtown Phoenix and The Grilled Cheese Truck was parked outside among two other trucks: The Pizza People and a creole-themed truck.
There wasn't a line at the GCT, so I figured that was somewhat of a risk, but I decided to partake anyway.
I ordered the Brie Melt which is different at this truck than online.
It doesn't come with Roast Beef, but rather bacon.
All around, the sandwich was not the best.
It was too burned on the bread and loaded with more onions that bacon or cheese.
I have read a few reviews regarding their sauce options, but the variety was lacking this time.
The tater tots were cooked well.
not burned like the sandwich.
I'll have to agree the price is a little steep for what you get.
I have frequented many food trucks and paid a similar price and feel I had better quality food and presentation than this place.
Would I try it again?
Perhaps.
If there are no other food trucks I am interested in giving a try, then I may opt for another go.

First off I have the write that the crew and staff of this truck were amazing!
Friendly, professional, and engaging.
Unfortunately, that is where it ended.
With all the hype, my expectations were pretty high, however I am sad to write that this was the worst grilled cheese sandwich I have ever tasted.
And the price was criminal!
$9 for a grilled cheese with bacon on white bread?
Really?
I have seen better sandwiches at my kids school cafeteria.
Honestly, I could have taken the $9, bought a loaf of good bread, a pound of bacon, real butter, and a block of cheddar and created a half a dozen sandwiches that tasted better!
I'm sorry guys, maybe you had an off day, but this was a horrible culinary failure.
So disappointed.

Awesome food... Not so awesome prices.
You're looking at like ten bucks a person, and no matter how you make it, it's a grilled cheese.
But if you're like me and you throw cost to the wind to try something unique, this is where you do it.
Great food, unique recipes, and killer desserts.

I love the GCT and their story!
Prices are a little high, but they've combined my two favorite foods.
Mac&Cheese on a Grilled Cheese?
YES PLEASE!

If you like grilled you will like this place!
Only 2 kinds of bread but several cheeses to choose from & tons of topping options!
I had pepper jack cheese with avocado & it was great!
What appeals so much here to me is that everyone in each group can get a different product.
It would be too much for me to buy 2 different loaves of bread, 3 different blocks of cheese & all the toppings.
I don't  keep all this fatty food at home but it's nice to be able to get it here sometimes.
The price isn't cheap but not over the top- $8-$9 for a sandwich, tots & drink.
They do have dessert options too that i haven't tried but look interesting- Like a smores sandwich!
I liked it & will be back.
I gave 4 of 5 stars because there is only can soda (no fountain), it's a bit of a wait, & it's so unhealthy!

SO GOOD!
I had the grilled cheese with mac n cheese on it.
It was two of my favorite things in the whole world bottled up into one delicious sandwich!
I am dying to hunt them down again and try another one.
Their dessert sandwiches look incredible too.
I will try the cheesecake one next time!

Dude!
of all the food trucks I have tasted, of all the grilled cheese sandwiches I have had, they are doing it well!
The tots were the bomb!
I had the roast beef with horseradish and tomatoes and other stuff, it was amazing!

Sometimes good, sometimes not.
Tater tots are plentiful.
That much is appreciated.
They just got my order wrong and I ended up paying over $10 for something I didn't want and didn't eat.
Take a chance if you're feeling lucky.
The food isn't too bad.

I wanted to try something different so I went to the grilled cheese truck.
I got the Sweet Sriracha Chicken Melt.
Total w tax $8.20.
Honestly, it was dry and nothing special.
A bit pricey for a grilled cheese sandwich.

Nice service.
Fast & fresh.
Would've given 5 stars if my drink were in a cup with ice vs. a can of soda.
Delish French bread w/ my 3 cheese melt!

I was so excited to try this place out at the Estrella mountain event on July 3rd.
Unfortunately I was extremely disappointed especially after paying $8 with tax!
I had the goat cheese melt the bread tasted old.
I love goat cheese but whatever was in the sandwich was just bland.
After my first bite the half I was eating completely fell apart.

