Noisy restaurant!
Waitress had trouble hearing us there was so much noise.
Probably due to the congested atmosphere and the low ceilings.
This is a new location for the Olive Garden previously on Metro Parkway.
The new Olive Garden has a much smaller waiting area.
Imagine when it is busy...
Lunch buddy and I had the 2 for 25 dollar special with choice of 5 different entrees plus one appetizer.
A good deal I think as prices have increased over time.
I had eggplant parmesan that was okay but oil-soaked.
The appetizer was delicious - lasagna fritta.
Similar to deep fried raviolis, these were filled with alfredo sauce and covered with marinara.
Yumm.
The breadsticks needed seasoning which happens sometimes.
Bottom line, due to the noise factor don't plan on a quiet lunch at this location.

This is a beautiful new Olive Garden but allow me to start with a word of caution.
Be here at 11 AM opening time to avoid a long waiting time to get in!
During my weekday visit today the place filled up to capacity soon and before long there were roughly fifty hungry diners waiting for a while to get in.
:-O  One thing I noticed here this morning was lots of attention to detail.
For examples, my salad plate was chilled.
Table service from Miss Yolanda S. was just right even with the place roaring busy, and every food temperature was right.
Of course I went with the "All you can eat Soup, Salad & Breadsticks!
"     :-))  *  The Breadsticks showed up first, hot, freshly baked & tasty with Garlic Butter spread on top.
*  Next a nice generous bowl of tossed Italian Salad arrived, which was delicious & plenty.
*  For my first soup, I ordered Zuppa Tuscana.
This one has spicy sausage, potatoes, cavolo, & Yolanda grated on some nice cheese.
*  Second bowl of soup?
Of course!
This one was Pasta e Fagioli, with white & red beans, ground beef, tomatoes & pasta.
It was 5-Star Soup #2!
*  Then it was on to Chicken and Gnocchi Soup, a creamy treat featuring roasted chicken, little dumplings and spinach.
This restaurant, service, food & price ($6.95!
) added up to FIVE STARS, absolutely, positively, totally, & in every respect!
YUM!
:-))

I'm sorry but I'm not a fan of Olive Garden I think all their food is awful.
It tastes like it was trucked in frozen and thrown in a microwave then slapped on a plate and served.
even the bread sticks taste funny (good but funny).
The service is always mediocre, I'm not impressed.
Skip this spot and take yourself to Anzios Italian restaurant (locally owned) less than a mile away.
There you can enjoy real Italian food and a friendly staff.
Stay away from this frozen swans-man food.
Not that I have any issue with frozen food but I can make that at home myself.

Took an unplanned family dinner here last night.
After waiting for nearly 45 minutes to be seated, our party of 5 was seated at a large table in the center of the restaurant...then forgotten.
A very sweet server (not ours) jumped in and took our drink order, but had her own very busy station to tend to.
When we finally got our waiter and ordered, we waited another 30 minutes without a refill, salad, breadsticks, nothing.
I walked all the way to the front of the restaurant to find a manager.
She was very quick to remedy and even gave us a $40 gift card.
By the end of our meal (now nearly 10pm), we stood waiting for our to-go orders (published special) and our check...both of which he got wrong.
His parting words...?
He didn't know we were in a hurry and he had only been there two weeks.
We probably won't be visiting again any time soon.

Clean restaurant, clean restrooms, staff is always very friendly, and for as busy as they are they do an excellent job.
Because of the area, demographics, and now the cheap $25 special they have you do hear crying babies and other loud noise that previous I didn't see as much in Olive Garden.
Toscana (sp?
) soup is amazing, I add red onions from salad and if any left the banana peppers.
Mussels are small, but most places are.. All in all it's white Italian food as long as that is what you are expecting you won't be disappointed.

An upgrade from their previous Metro Center location.
Atmosphere is brighter and very family friendly.
Food was excellent, and there is always enough variety on the menu to keep it fresh and interesting.
Our waitress (Abra) would receive 5 stars if yelp would allow it.
The entire wait staff at the restaurant worked as a team to ensure customers were served quickly and courteously.
The restaurant was immaculate from the dining room to the restrooms.
Chocolate Mousse cake was to die for!

*3.5 stars*  I've eaten here twice now, and it's been a mixed bag of experiences.
The first time I came here, the service was great!
Today, the service was slow and questionable.
My friend and I ate here today for a late afternoon bite, and even though our server was nice, she was slow about bringing out our food and refilling our drinks.
Not such a big deal, but even when I asked another server for more sprite, it still took the other waitress to come over and refill our drinks.
I still like eating here even though it's been a long time since I've dined here, for whatever reason.
The food is good, place is well staffed (mostly) and overall I really enjoy going out to eat here.
Lately I've been getting the soup, salad and breadsticks, as that seems to be what I like the most right now.
I do know that their spaghetti and Lasagna is tasty as well, along with a few other items I've had in the past.
Overall not a half bad place, and I really do enjoy going here from time to time.
Will return in the future.

I've dined at Olive Garden for many years.
Not this specific location, but many others.
I find that one's experience at this chain is either very good or very bad.
There is no in between it seems.
Went with (5) of my co-worker's for lunch.
We got there relatively early so as to avoid the lunch crowd for what we thought would be about an hour dining experience.
WRONG!
From the moment our waiter arrived at the table, I knew this wasn't going to be good.
"Mike" was brash and unfriendly.
He seemed genuinely annoyed to have to wait on us, and it seemed like during the entire dining experience, he had much better things to do.
It took what seemed like forever to receive our drinks once he took the order.
Then as soon as he took our order, he literally disappeared.
We didn't see him anywhere in the restaurant.
This being Arizona and hot, our drinks were quickly consumed.
No Mike.
wait....wait....wait some more.
Finally, a server who was not ours, asked if we would like drink refils.
After answering in the affirmative, waiters who were not ours, showed up with the salad bowls and breadsticks.
Mike soon showed up, and delivered a few of the extra items we had ordered, but did not have the extra dressing I requested.
I politely asked again for extra dressing for my salad, he again seemed annoyed at my existence, and left.
No sooner had I served myself a bowl of salad, the entree's showed up.
uh....timing anyone?
Salad is served and eaten first before entree's are delivered.
Again, this part of the meal was served by someone other than Mike.
I had ordered the Lasagne Classico, and the serving was much smaller than I remembered, but I ate it anyway.
(certainly not worth the $9.95 they soaked me for).
Halfway through the Lasagne, Mike showed up with my extra dressing.
(gee...thanks).
It was obvious at this time we required more drink refills but off he went again to disappear.
We again flagged down another server to refill drinks.
My dining companions who had endless soup waited nearly 20 minutes for someone to notice they might like more and that our salad bowls needed refilling.
(the salad bowls needed refilling long before) However, someone who appeared to be in management had more soup brought out and another bowl of salad and breadsticks.
Mike finally started coming back around and being attentive to our needs just in time to leave us our checks.
Though I felt he had earned ZERO, I still left him a fair tip.
What could have been a nice leisurely lunch was essentially ruined by our server's careless and unfriendly attitude, and the lack of good service.
It seemed like everyone but our server waited on us.
And yet, we essentially we had to ask for everything before we got it.
I don't feel this Olive Garden really cares about their customers or doing things the right way.
Surely we are not the first customers to complain about this guy's unfriendly demeanor and constant disappearing act.
If my co-worker's insist on returning to this particular OG in the future, we have already agreed that if they attempt to seat us in Mike's area, we are requesting a different server.
Personally...I don't think I'll be back.
This place just doesn't seem to care, and the smaller portions didn't wow me.
There's so much better out there to choose from at lunch time, and OG should remember this.

Terrible service.
Don't go to this location.
After waiting patiently for about 20 mins for water, we kindly left.

My husband and I tried to go here once and never will again.
Let me explain...
I was 8 months pregnant and craving some Olive Garden, which I always love.
They had built a new building for this location and we saw people going in so we stopped for dinner.
We were walking in and a worker asked if we had a reservation.
I told her no not yet and she turned us away saying it was a soft opening and it was only for those with reservations.
Understandable I guess..
I was sad but we left.
Thing was... Not even twenty minutes later my husband gets a call from his work friend, Dustin.
He said "Go to the new Olive Garden location!
They're opening for the first time and gave us free dinner!
" My husband told him the story of how we were JUST turned away and asked Dustin if they had had reservations.
He said no they just walked in.
I was appalled.
If you're going to turn people away, that's fine.
But turn EVERYONE away then.
I was so mad.
You lost a paying customer that would've gone back many times.
Now I drive farther to the arrowhead location where I enjoy taking my business.
And I was super pregnant!
Give a girl some food!

(This is a follow up to a review on the 75th Ave Bell location.
) After a horrible ordeal at the other restaurant we arrived at this location.
We were happily greeted upon entering the door by several staff members making us feel so welcomed.
The restaurant felt so warm and inviting a complete change from where we had come from.
The place was packed but was not chaotic and uninviting like the other location.
The staff here were busy minding their stations and greeting the guest as they walked by not standing in groups gossiping like the other place.
We were promptly seated and briefly mentioned our experience and it is now pushing 5 o'clock.
Taylor our waitress was so nice and went and got her manager and asked if I could get my soup at the lunch price because of what happen.
Lynne came over to talk to us and after explaining what happen she graciously offered to buy us our dinner to make up for the whole thing.
Now this is what I call being a stellar manager.
Even though it was not her mistake to correct she went above and beyond restoring her company's reputation with us.
As we sat and ate and laughed and had a good time we couldn't help but notice how the staff worked together to make sure all tables were taken care of and that the guest had what they needed.
There were no employees hanging about or looking like they were miserable being at work.
All of the staff members looked like they took pride in themselves before showing up to work unlike the disheveled mess we saw at the Bell location.
Even the atmosphere was happier and the patrons all seemed to be enjoying themselves.
All I can say is there was a huge difference in the way this restaurant operated and it showed.
Taylor our waitress was outstanding and on point with her service and even went out of her way to write us a little thank you note at the end of our meal.
I can not explain in words what an amazing experience we had coming from where we came from and for that I thank Lynn, Taylor and all the staff at this location .
I will no longer be going back to the Bell location and will be making this location my new home for Olive Garden.
I highly recommend eating at this location if you want great service.

= = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE NEVERENDING PASTA BOWL SPECIAL!
= = = =   This great Special is back on at Olive Garden & it's not to be missed, so I got together with Scott W. to enjoy it here today.
The new-this-year restaurant here was beautiful just as it was when I came at Grand Opening.
It was also sparkling clean and "Nikki" provided us with great table service throughout the feast.
:-)  I started with bread sticks & a bowl of their Chicken & Gnocchi Soup.
After that it was a bowl of Zuppa Toscana Soup & then on to a big serving of Spaghetti & Meat Sauce, finally ending up with a bowl of Penne with their new Sausage Pomodoro Sauce.
Everything about this lunch was terrific!
:-))  Neverending Pasta Bowl Special:  $9.99

I had not been to the new location a block away from the old one.
I met Rand H here for lunch the other day.
He out ate me about 2-1 so I am not sure the never ending pasta bowl was that great of a deal for me.
With my one bowl of pasta I had a breadstick and the whole serving bowl of salad.
One thing about chains is they  are predictable and this was no exception.
The food was good but not exciting.
The one thing that can change from one location to another is the service and ours was excellent on this trip.
Even with the larger building this place was almost at capacity as we were leaving just after 12.

I have always enjoyed, and even looked forward, to eating at the OLIVE GARDEN.
I was bitterly disappointed when this location closed and became a HOOTERS.
Other than somewhat hot chicks in orange shorts, HOOTERS leaves a lot to be desired in the way of food.
It's overly expensive, and bland.
But that is the topic for another review.
Back to this OLIVE GARDEN.
I was overjoyed that they built a new building.
I eagerly looked forward to going there.
The food was great at the old location, and I expected the same at the new one.
I was disappointed.
Bitterly disappointed.
The food was way below expectations.
I am a big eater, so the NEVER ENDING PASTA BOWL was just up my alley.
Unfortunately, that alley turned out to be a dead end.
The food tasted like it was store bought and not freshly made.
I could have done the same thing at home and saved on the gas.
Both in the car, and my stomach!
The three cheese marinara tasted like it came from a store-brand can, not even the somewhat good CAMBELLS SOUP version.
That may have been acceptable.
The Italian sausage was not fresh by any means.
It was like they had left over pasta and sauce from dinner three days ago and pawned it off for lunch.
The staff was friendly, if a bit hurried because of the crowd.
It wasn't bad enough to erase the place from the preferred list, but close.
I'll give it a try again in the future, but not for awhile.

I have eaten at several Olive Gardens around Arizona and other parts of the country.
This is one place that is consistent.
Their food is always good, it is not great and you will always have to wait for 15 min or longer to be seated even if the place is empty.
I am not sure why this is but it is.
This time I had reservations and the wait was still about 15 min.
We always get the special as it is a good value and it is what I like.
It is a good place to take your family for a nice meal and not spend a bunch.
A good place to meet a friend and talk.
Yes I will return.

Valla soy el primero comentando en español solo quiero decirles que este restaurante es uno de mis favorito siempre que cumplo años es el lugar donde prefiero a comer a mi me gusta todo...

This review is solely based on curbside service.
Wow.
Super slow.
Took over 5 minutes to even glimpse an employee and then that was only to help the person next to me.
Finally they acknowledged me and I've been waiting ten minutes since then.
So much for 20 minutes.
It's been 35 since.
Hope the food is better than this.

I come here all the time and have always had a great dining experience.
Very neat and clean.
Great customer service.

It's a garden, with olives, what is not to like?
I can not comment on this particular locations entree's, because i keep coming back for the famed SOUP & SALAD lunch special.. more please!

This was the worst experience EVER!!
My husband and I, along with my sister-in-law and her daughters, went her for my sister-in-law's birthday.
We were told the wait time would be 40 minutes.
That was the biggest lie ever.
We didn't get seated for an hour and a half.
The manager, who did offer to pay for drinks and appetizers, was rude and insulting the whole time.
He even squelched on paying for the drinks.
This is not the place to go if you don't want to wait outside forever.
The worst part is there was no handicap parking and my husband had to walk a long way to the restaurant.
The hostesses kept telling us ten minutes, but it was obvious they didn't care if we sat or not.
The food was adequate.
It took us a half an hour to get breadsticks because they didn't have any ready.
Overall, I would never  go back to this location.

Monday, President's Day.
We were'nt expecting the crowds after 1pm, and neither did the staff.
However, they handled it beautifully.
Management checking on guests after their meals, staff buzzing all over.
We were a table of 4 older folks.
Ashely our waitress was excellent!!!!
She caught the kitchen's mistake of chicken meatballs instead of beef meatballs and quickly offered options.
No, don't take the whole bowl back, just more meatballs please.
It was a great meal with great friends, and exceptional service all around.
The $5 coupon the icing on the cake (but no room after lunch).

Food was pretty good?
Review is mostly based upon the customer service we received.
After waiting forever me and my wife we're starving and couldn't wait to eat a nice meal for our little night out.
However the waiter was as slow as a snail and didn't really listen to us, she brought out the wrong soup once (we both had the unlimited soup/salad for $9.99 still a good deal).
And then when I told her I wanted the another bowl of what I originally had she brought out 2 assuming that my wife wanted the same soup as well when she did not and was stuffed.
I really do think that the right waiter would have made this review much better but no matter how good the food may be great customer service must accompany it in my book or else it was all for nothing, will end up going back but hope to not get the same waiter.

I'm writing this review based on the fact that we sat there waiting for a table for over an hour, while people who showed up after us were seated quickly.
We asked to speak to a manager.
She apologized and admitted that we were "forgotten", but didn't offer us anything for the long wait.
I thought she would have offered a discount, if not a free meal.
We walked out and went to Chipotle instead.

My lunch d8 & I had an ALL AROUND 1DERFUL experience here 2day & I'm so glad we randomly decided 2 give this new loc8ion a try!!
The atmosphere was even nicer than their old 1 (which is now Hooters), ALL employees & manager(s) were EXCELLENT, busy tending 2 guests & making sure everything was gr8 ESPECIALLY our server Michael B & of course everything we consumed was SUPERB!!
I started w/ some fried zucchini & they had a sampler platter w/ stuffed mushrooms, chicken fingers & mozzarella sticks.
Then I had the minestrone soup w/ salad & bread sticks & my friend got the chicken parmigiana.
4 dessert the wild berry cake had 2 b sampled which we shared & they also ordered the choose 3 Dolcini's: Amaretto Tiramisu, Limoncello & Dark Chocol8 Caramel Mousse.
EVERYTHING DELECTABLY DELICIOSO!!
MMMmm mmm good (not talkin' Campbell's either)...     We were there nearly 2 hours catching up & never felt rushed while thoroughly enjoying all the offerings.
I have NEVER BEEN SO IMPRESSED w/ the staff @ an establishment!!
Not only was our w8er AMAZING in EVERY facet that a server can b, but we were checked on by @ least 1 manager & even had 2 other people occasionally helping by refilling our drinks, serving our appetizers & even a bus person when we were near leaving who cleared our table of dessert dishes & was such a sweet young man, I wanted 2 leave him a tip 2 if I had more cash on me.
What AWESOME teamwork, we didn't have 2 want or really w8 4 anything the whole time we spent there!!
We noticed every1 else being tended 2 in the same REMARKABLE fashion & even a large party b~day celebr8ion next 2 our booth w/o any surrounding tables falling by the wayside.
Will defin8ly b returning & if u find urself on this part of town, I highly recommend this Olive Garden & ask if there's a table in Michael B.
's section if he's working when u go!
!...

Great service, great food.
Jessie was an awesome hostess.
She was very friendly and was awesome to us!
She even packed our food to go for us, when usually the waitresses would just give us the boxes.
Only regret I have was being unable to find the general manager to give her more kudos!

Food, great like it always is at Olive Garden.
I have to complain about the customer service though.
It was terrible, and I hate to complain about customer service because I have been in the same position.
With that being said...I also know it is not impossible to give a customer/guest outstanding service.
Problem 1.
Speed of service and accuracy of order.
Wrong soups were brought, items were not brought, and it took FOREVER to bring the right items.
We could hear the two tables behind us complaining about the same thing!
I can only hope it was an off night...
Problem 2.
At the end it, of course, took forever to get the bill and when the receipt was brought back I got someone else check!
I had someone else's credit card in my hand.
THANK GOODNESS I am not a horrible person who was desperate for gas or something.
I ended up giving the server 6 dollar tip, which I can't say he deserved.
The manager staff couldn't find my change?!
I was too fed up to care about 6 bucks.
Complete fail for this location.

I haven't eaten at an Olive Garden in at least 20 years but I was meeting a friend over her lunch hour and craving pasta, so off we went.
The place was packed but we were seated quickly and our server was very nice, helping us to decide which items to order.
I appreciated that there were side items that could be ordered ala carte.
This made for a more varied lunch but also helped with portion control.
We ordered soup, salad, a tiny side of spaghetti and roasted asparagus, along with some yummy meatballs.
I also tried one of their lemon desserts, which was yummy!
So overall, this was a good meal.
It wasn't haute cuisine but the price was right.
I get why chain restaurants do well...consistency and no surprises are comforting for some diners.
Olive Garden appears to be moving to attract a slightly different diner.
They now offer happy hour items and pricing.
The ability to customize by ordering add-on items is another value add for diners.
I don't eat pasta often but this lunch was good.
When OG adds more variety to the menu (sauces, specials, appetizers), I'll consider eating there more often.

This is my wifes favorite place to eat.
Im not a huge fan.
I say that its just ok

