This gym is pretty darn impressive.
My husband changed over from Gold's Gym and scored me a 30 day pass.
Way back in the day, I used to go to the LA Fitness on 20th St and Camelback and always liked it.
The gym is expansive with machines to be seen far and wide.
I was excited to see all of the cardio machines.
I was there in the evening for the 5:30 spin class and it wasn't that packed.
Most if not all of the cardio machines have TVs which is awesome.
Speaking of the spin class, I haven't seen a studio that big in a gym.
I think there were 4, maybe 5 stadium rows with bikes.
The bikes were digital, too, outlining your RPMs, resistance, time, distance, etc.
Very nice.
They also have raquetball courts, basketball courts, a pool, steam room, and Kids Klub ($10 a month).
Overall, very nice facility.
The lowest monthly rate they would go for my husband was $30 a month.
Considering I pay $15 for the Gold's in north Scottsdale, that is a little steep in my opinion.
That just doesn't seem competitive.
I think even the Gold's Gym Elite, downtown, charges $20 at its lowest and they have the TVs on the machines, and a Cardio Cinema.
Other than that, very nice gym.

Whatever you do don't use a guest pass at this location, because you will be treated like anything but a guest.
I currently  belong to another Gym but since this gym was recently built and in walking distance from my house I decided I would give it a try with the "guest pass" L.A.
Fitness offers on-line.
when I walked up to the the front desk I was impressed with the inside of this new location, although that didn't last long.
The person at the front desk sent me to the sales department, which is where I expected the usual tour  and to be informed of  the prices if I should sign up after my guest pass expired.
Instead when I sat down the salesman  asked right off the bat.
"Are you getting a membership.
"  I replied " I would like to use my guest pass to see what the gym all has to offer" he then told me your guest pass is only for 3 days, your not going to loose weight in 3 days.
I told him my employer has a partnership with L.A.
Fitness and I just wanted to check things out.
the "salesman" then signed my guest pass tossed the pen at me, I singed my name on the guest pass before i even looked form the paper the salesman told me  "We are done here.
"  The gym is really nice, its a new facility and has all new equipment but if this is how L. A.
Fitness handles their customers I will pass.

Every LA Fitness is just the same as the one down the street, except for the staff.
This is what sets them apart from each other.
The staff here is alright.
Not overly accommodating or friendly, but decent I guess.
I usually have to tear their attention away from their conversation to get someone to scan my tag to get in.
The facility itself is great, especially since it's brand spanking new.
I like the lay out.
They really need to ass some more classes, especially Kickbox Cardio....
I need some during the week night classes please!!!
The pool is nice and there is always an open lane to do some laps.
I would like there to have been a juice bar.
Totally go here, just sign up at the one on Camelback, great service and sales people there!

Not a gym I would recommend.
I am unhappy with my current gym and some friends sent me here.
I am on day 5 of a 14 day guest pass.
Like someone else posted the process to get your pass is off-putting, but its sales.
Scale 1-5 (5 being great)  Staff:         3 Facility:     2 Cleanliness: 1 Stretch area: 2 Spinning area: 5 Free weight area: 5 Machine equipment: area: 5  5's need no explanation, let me explain the others.
-The Staff is like most gyms inattentive, some wouldn't even bother to look at my guess pass to see if it was valid.
-Facility is nice, but it won't last long.
The wall murals have huge bubbles in them so they will be falling down soon.
Carpet in spots need trimmed.
All of this is minor, but if they are overlooking this in a brand new construct it will look rough real soon.
-Cleanliness: WOW, no wipes or spray to wipe down the cardio equipment.
I was told they have staff to do that, if their not busy cleaning the rest of the facility.
There have been the same stains on the floor on the way to the locker room since I started there.
I was there at 5am on Tuesday and the gym was a wreck, wadded up paper towels by the cable machines, garbage all over the place, and none of the equipment was put away (free weights, weight balls, machine accessories.
I guess the night shift doesn't have to do anything.
Also today a guy was caught shaving for the second time inside the dry sauna.
He has been told before according to the cleaning staff, but because there's no sign there is no proof that he should have known better (again WOW, go to the printer and make a sign).
The parking lot is trashed too, funny thing is the open lot next door is cleaner that the one in front of the gym.
-Stretch area: it looks decent sized until you have a personal trainer in there with their trainer working int he middle of the space, as if it was their own area.
I soon found out that the desk in the area if specifically for them so it kinda is, but that's not how the explained that areas was to be used.
They also have none of the normal stretch equipment (foam rolls, bands).
Everyone has their own comfort level, so if its OK for you then cool, just remember to bring your own wipes for the equipment before you use it.

It doesn't bode well for any business when they are receiving negative reviews right out the gate and judging from these reviews and considering my own feelings, LA Fitness at 7th Ave and Camelback is not off to a great start!
I get that it's a major chain and in the past that's what has turned me off to becoming a member.
I have been a member with small local city gyms, I have been a YMCA member in many different states and I have also been a member of another large chain, Bailey's.
So I suspected LA fitness to be no exception to large chain issues such as a lack of personal interaction that smaller facilities have and during peek workout times the gym would be crazy busy.
But I never would have guessed that the "gym dude douche bag" would be so pervasive!
The stereotype is almost humorous.
Lot's of guys dropping massive amounts of weights down, the primordial grunting and the unsuspected yet frequent "I'm going to talk super loud to my friends so you know I'm here guy.
"  So the members for the most part aren't the kind I would mingle with but that I can deal with, as I'm not there to make friends so it's not a big deal, only annoying.
But what are big deals for me are these:    Poor customer service.
I completely agree with the reviews posted here regarding the attitude of the staff.
They really seem completely uninterested in me as a customer, other members or the fact that they have to work.
Faulty equipment.
There are already machines that have been down and are in need of fixing.
The audio plugins on many of the machines either don't work or aren't working well.
There is a buzzing that can be heard from many of the machines through my headphones.
Also, there is a TV station that has no audio and apparently no one knows about it and nothing has been done about it so far.
The audio has been out for weeks now.
And yes I have mentioned it twice now...  Cleanliness.
Already the women's restroom has been looking a bit tattered and seems to get more so as weeks go by.
I have been seeing more debris left around the facility, like water bottles and paper towels.
I just hope it doesn't get worse.
No recycle bins for plastic bottles to be found anywhere.
Is this company so large that they feel they are beyond recycling?
I find this to be really irresponsible frankly.
The music played in the gym is often so loud that I can hear it over the TV/iPOD audio.
Not to mention that the music is not really my preference but I'm going to listen to it damn it!
Too few classes.
What's with so few classes?
I was told there would be a ton of fitness classes...not so much.
All said and done, it's a nice facility with lot's of workout options and a pool but if things progress on the negative path that they are already on, I will move on over to a different road, perhaps one less traveled.

Whoa there Hosses and Hoss-ettes!
What is So-o-o-o bad about this place?
My line of work requires a high level of physical fitness.
When this LA Fitness opened less than a quart of round-trip gas from home, and The Lovely D's old fitness membership transferred here, I decided to sign up.
We could have fitness dates again.
After filling out the paperwork, I met Albert for my personal fitness assessment.
He's an impressive package of will power, drive, lean tight muscle and knowledge,  who's now half the man he was 18 months ago because he took on the LA Fitness personal health program.
If I were to sign up for a total personal lifestyle redo package, the LA Fitness one, using the latest training and dietary techniques would be excellent.
My diet is decent, my quart is OK, I don't thirst for a tight, buff six pack.
My sweetheart likes the rest of me, and I just have to be able to safely cover and work on lots of miles of tough terrain day after day several times a year.
What I found to support my personal fitness needs was tiny lockers for my car keys and fortune, lots of brand new equipment synch-able to my personal media choices, or presenting a limited number of Apple media channels.
I found treadmills, stair climbers, total stations, free weights, a swimming pool, equipment I don't know about, guided exercise rooms, and of course, a shower and locker room.
I am excited about this place.
I just want to flash my tag at the front desk, do my personal work, get fitter and get home.
Nobody needs to kiss any part of me for me to know this is a great gym facility offering me whatever level of training I want to pursue.
BTW, it will take me two hours to make the round trip by foot, for now I'm starting out driving, then exercising.

Surprised at the negative reviews.
Went here for first time wasn't aware it was there until recently.
Facilities were very clean, good equipment and weights more variety than the Biltmore location but nothing compares to the one on Greenway and 3rd st. Off the light rail which is good for people down there although saw some transients in the parking lot so was keeping an eye in my car.
Front desk staff polite.
Saw one or two of staff just kind of walking around not friendly.
Would use location again if in the area.

I've been an LA Fitness member since 2005 & have gone on and off since then.
I recently started going to this new location & I love it!
I used to work out at the two locations in Scottsdale.
I am wayyyy more comfortable at this location!
1st off...
I want to be left alone at the gym.
I don't like being hounded by personal trainers trying to get me to sign up for overpriced training sessions with someone who took one weekend long personal training certification course.
When I approach & talk to them they have been nothing but pleasant & helpful.
All the equipment is new & they seem to keep the place clean.
I really like that there is a good mix of different "types" of members working out at this location.
Not a bunch of 105 lbs.
sorority girls wearing make up & talking on their phones while doing cardio or a bunch of meathead steroid monkeys dominating the free weight section.
It's refreshing to see mostly REAL people actually working out.
This is my new favorite gym hands down!
The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is because they need to improve on their classes & class schedule.
There is no pilates class offered at this location.
I'm hoping the longer they are open the more classes they will offer!
P.S.
I recommend their kids club for kids too.
My almost 18 month old daughter loves it!
One day I came to pick her up and she was asleep in the caregivers arms!
So sweet :-)

This is a pimped out sugar daddy gym.
A nice amenity, for example, are the tvs on the cardio machines (with a place to hold your phone).
The locker room does not have a carpet which is wonderful.
It can easily be cleaned.
(Woot!
)   The space is big enough to support walking around to do a workout.
They could use a little more dedicated mat area for stretching, but there is plenty of floor space for you to grab a yoga mat and make your own.
When I walked in I was super stoked to see familiar faces from the gym on 20th & Highland.
Love, love love these people!
Friendly and happy is the way to go.
So 90% of time I'd say you're guaranteed to be greeted with a smile.
(The other 10% is reserved for a guy, I think his name is Anthony, who seems to think his back should face customers.
So odd.
He also has a hard time following thru with simple feedback.
Like having signs from the women's locker room removed that are old.
I ended up doing it myself.
)  The spin room is spaceballs amazing.
Maybe five rows of stadium levels.
There is plenty of space between the actual bikes.
And it's not hot like a sauna in there mid-way through a class.
Should you decide to try a class there I HIGHLY recommend Monday at 9:15AM with Gina.
Be warned this should not be taken lightly.
Plenty of standing (most of the class) and some serious ab work.
I moved my personal training here as soon as I learned Mike was here.
When I met him (over at 20th and Highland) he was doing sales.
So I had a taste of his training style with a few sessions.
Don't get me wrong, my previous trainer was great, but Mike is top of the line.
With him I have a clearly laid out plan (not just a good workout on the days I see him).
I know exactly what to do, the pace an exercise should be and what good form is.
I feel comfortable walking around the "man section" of the gym now.
(Free weights.
)  Fair warning: You may not be able to walk or use your arms after a workout with him.
If you're looking for personal training Mike is * definitely * one of the best options available.
(If you do sign up with him, please tell him I say hi!
)  The only reason I can't give this location five stars is the scarcity of sani / gel stations.
There aren't any near the cardio machines.
It's the strangest thing.
You have to walk waaay out of your route to get properly lubed.
Which leads me to believe that no one is really cleaning their treadmill after they're done with it.
Oh!
And there are only two blow dryers in the ladies locker room.
Bummer!
UPDATE: In general about LA FItness Training.
That stuff works.
I just went in for a fitness eval and measurements seven months out.
Hot damn I'm happy.
http://tinyurl.com/llb3caz

Nice fairly new location, but the neighborhood is fairly crappy.

I think the reason for the low ratings is because, like all LA Fitness clubs, the focus is on sales.
The facilities are fantastic: amazing number of cardio machines, awesome free weights area, plenty of room in the aisles, excellent cycle class area!
Where they fail (big time) is customer service:  try to get someones attention at the counter-difficult report a broken machine-will take weeks to get fixed And, omg, stay out of the way of the personal trainers!
They take over machines, stretching areas, racquetball courts to take care of their paying clients.
They leave machines covered in sweat and leave equipment laying around instead of putting it back.
The top insult came recently when they suddenly cordoned off the stretching area and kicked everyone out because it was going to be reserved only for their clients.
What??
I guess that would be ok if they had another stretching area that didn't look like an after thought of throwing down a small mat in a corner.
This gym could be excellent given the great space and amount of equipment.
But the poor customer service and sole focus on selling and maintaining personal training at the expensive of everyone else drags their rating down to a 2.5 or a 3.

Dear LA Fitness,  I come to this location (driving past another for an extra ~3 miles) for the brand new equipment, relatively large space in the free weight area, stadium spin room, rows of cardio equipment and to see my awesome trainer Mike.
I would consider myself a regular in that I'm here at least four times a week.
But what I don't do is come here on Sundays.
Ever.
So when I signed up for an Abs Clinic smack dab in the middle of a Sunday I really thought it about.
I imagine the other (roughly) twenty people that signed up did as well.
It was at 1pm after all.
Kind of putting a crimp into breakfast, brunch and/or lunch plans.
On Father's Day.
But, hey, abs are important and I wanted to learn something new.
I was a bit bummed to learn the clinic was cancelled at 1:15pm.
Again, On Father's Day.
For future clinics it might help to also collect cell numbers (or emails) to contact members.
This way folks can adjust their calendars.
I hope the trainer feels better soon.
Thanks, Irene  Anyone checking out this gym should probably read my earlier review.
This really is a great place to workout.
Just not on Father's Day.
Personal training is incredibly effective.
Ask for Mike.
(See my current results here http://tinyurl.com/llb3caz) With him I have a clearly laid out plan (not just a good workout on the days I see him).
I know exactly what to do, the pace an exercise should be and what good form is.
I feel comfortable walking around the "man section" of the gym now.
(Free weights.
) Fair warning: You may not be able to walk or use your arms after a workout with him.

Not bad.
Clean, lots of equipment, not too many people on a Sunday afternoon.
The restroom and locker room were nice enough.
The restroom smelled like bleach, which I found offensive, but it wasn't too bad.
I would definitely go here again.

Sup!
Sup!
Saup!
New facilities, never crowded

Ok, so it's LA fitness.
This is not a fancy gym, but for the price you really can't beat it.
I, like many other posters before, go a little farther to avoid the 20th street one.
Yes if you come on weekends and week nights it may be crowded.
However, I've never had to wait for a cardio machine so no complaints in that regard whatsoever.
I've been to a few classes too, and now have experience with personal trainers, so I'll give my input on those.
The good: I Love love love Katherine for cycle.
I've been to spin studios and she seriously kicks butt.
She had a sub a couple of weeks ago and I wanted to cry the whole time because Katherine is so much better.
I also really love Cassandra for personal training.
She works me hard but knows how to modify the exercises.
She's really nice and understands weight issues, injuries, etc.
She kicks butt!
You can watch tv and charge your iPhone at every cardio machine!
Woohoo!
The bad: ugh I hate step class.
I'm not sure if I really just hate the step class or if it was the instructor, but its boring.
The ugly: My personal training assessment was not so good, mainly because of the kid who did it was not too sympathetic to my struggles, and said some things that sounded judgmental, ie "how long have you been overweight?
" Me: my whole life.
Him: "really, why?
(In a snooty tone)" That's just one example.
I feel with a little customer service skills that could have gone a lot better.
High pressure sales, belittling don't usually work on me, and I had gone in there already deciding to sign up for personal training, so it wasn't necessary at all.

The facilities are nice - big, all the machines work, clean, etc.
If you try and go at 5:30, it is packed.
I hate it.
Maybe that is my problem - it is rush hour, not sure what they are suppose to do about it.
But the real reason for losing stars is when I signed up it offered me a "free orientation and evaluation.
"  I knew I was going to get the hard sell for personal training, but since I have never worked out at a gym before, I really, really, really wanted to meet with someone who could get me oriented.
Well, I showed up and there was nobody there - even though I had an appointment.
So, some guy said that even though it was his lunch hour, he would spend a few minutes getting me rescheduled.
Gee, thanks.
So, he rescheduled me, and I left.
I don't know what I'm doing, so I'm not going to start working out without at least a little help.
I went back for my newly scheduled appointment 3 days later, and guess what - nobody was there.
So, after rescheduling again, I left.
I came back the next day for my newly rescheduled appointment and guess what - nobody was available to help me.
But, some guy came over and showed me where the power button was on the treadmill.
They told me they didn't want me leaving again.
I bit my tongue instead of speaking my mind.
I came back 2 days later for yet another scheduled appointment (so I'm a week into this and I've only walked on the treadmill for 15 minutes, by myself, with absolutely no introduction to the gym - couldn't even find the bathroom) and the guy says "So...what do you want to talk about?
"  Seriously?!
Part of the sign up was a "free orientation and evaluation" if you don't have a script for that, don't offer it.
The guy excused himself for a bit and then came back.
Later I found out he went and asked someone what he should do with me.
So, go to this gym if you know what you are doing and feel comfortable - but don't expect a lick of help from anyone.
They are a bunch of bumbling idiots.

Thieves!

Bathrooms are not nice.
Moved out of the state for work in March and called to cancel my gym membership.
Was told everything was set.
Just noticed that I had been getting billed for 10 months after calling to cancel my membership.
LA Fitness refuses to give a refund.
I am extremely dissatisfied with their customer service, and was not very satisfied with their gym to begin with.
I would not recommend this gym, find a Bally's, 24 hour fitness, or buy a treadmill instead of signing up at LA Fitness (unless going to the one on Scottsdale Road).

Gym is ok for middle of road gym until you show up to workout at 8 (opening time) and the entire gym is still locked up.
I was already unimpressed with the short Saturday hours.
My workout now will not happen around my work schedule.
It's definitely worth exploring other gyms.
Now 8:20 and still no one to unlock

I was approached by a representative from their gym in a near by store.
He solicited me for la fitness membership.
I declined the offer.
The representative then made a INSULT  towards me since I turned down his offer.
I never was and WILL NEVER EVER join LA Fitness at that location or ANY LA Fitness ANYWHERE in the world!!!
I also want to encourage others to NOT join LA fitness at that location or ANY LA fitness gym!

PLUSES:  Inexpensive monthly charge (without personal training add-on).
Close to home.
Brand new facility.
Huge floorspace, tons of equipment, lots of choices.
MINUSES:  Kinda rough neighborhood.
Glitches in some of the treadmills (TV fuzzy and Closed Captioning turns into gobblty-goup when "incline" is used -- strange).
Staff is unenthused about you -- unless you have a Personal Trainer.
Staff will not help you with the machines unless you have a Personal Training contract.
The pool looks cool - but it's right by the front window, so unless you want to feel like a walrus being observed at the zoo, skip it.
MY EXPERIENCE  Was told my husband would have to pay a downpayment if he also joined, but then I noticed flyers taped to the walls saying family members can join without paying the downpayment.
(Tony must be a bit shady.
)  When I did the math, the $69 downpayment was the cheapest overall for a 1 year term.
Now they seem to have a self-scanner for your card at the front desk, so you no longer need to obtain the attention of the desk clerk for his/her help with that.
[UPDATE:  They pulled that out for some reason, it only was there a couple of days  -- now you have to get the attention of the front desk clerk again.
]  Ladies locker room fine - just a tiny bit messy at times.
Josh seemed like a pretty nice guy and he's a Personal Trainer there, but as soon as he was sure I wasn't going to sign up for Personal Training his eyes went dead.
It must be sad to work at a job where you only see clients as dollar signs and not people.
Anyway, today during my fourth time at the gym I wanted to be shown how to use some of the machines and the front desk clerk said Josh would be able to help me in a few minutes.
However, when Josh came to the desk he said he wouldn't be able to tell me anything about the equipment unless I signed a contract for Personal Training.
I said I thought part of what I'm paying for with a gym membership is at least to be shown how some of the machines work.
He said he could show me how ONE machine worked.
He said there are explanatory stickers on the machines showing how to work them (which I can't read without bringing my reading glasses along, but I digress).
They don't make their money on the monthly basic membership charges.
Their bread and butter comes from signing you up for Personal Training.
Pass.
I don't need someone counting my reps for me.
But I guess there must be some language in the contract that says they don't have to show you anything about the machines if you don't pay for Personal Training -- or maybe that's just the verbal hogwash they give people.
Definitely avoid rush hour.
"BAD" NEIGHBORHOOD ISSUE  It's not really that bad, but there are pockets nearby, and the light rail goes by there.
I think the best way to "combat" the scum-factor is for people of quality to frequent the area and be present in greater numbers.
This should serve to let the seedier elements know they aren't taking this pocket over anytime soon.
This location used to be a Target store.
Target moved west and north to Christown Mall and became a SuperTarget.
That's also a kind of rough area as well.
There is room at this strip mall for some more quality retail to go in, and if we all pitch in by being present, it will happen eventually.
Show up, sign up, frequent the place, stare down the riff raff, demand better customer service (you ARE a paying customer even if you don't have a Personal Trainer), nag them about any equipment glitches until they fix them, point out any cleanliness issues, use the Club to lock up your car, and try to park your car where you can see it out the window of the gym.
UPDATE:  Today (1/15/14), someone's car was stolen from the parking lot.
Today was free guest pass day, so a lot of members brought along a guest.
Evidently, one of the guests stole car keys/fob from the men's locker room from an UNLOCKED locker, and went out into the parking lot hitting the key fob button until he determined which car it went to and stole it.
The police arrived several hours later and didn't sound very optomistic about figuring out who the culprit was even though they knew the front desk had computer information on the ID of all the guests that were there today.
The police said they would have to follow all of those leads down, and it would be difficult to prove who stole the car even then.
According to the front desk, the person had not locked their locker, which is really hard to believe in this day and age.
Maybe their lock was broken by the thief.
I wonder if there is any security camera footage from the men's locker room or if the gym even has a security camera on the men's locker room in the first place.
SUMMARY:  They won't show paying customers how to use the machines, but they WILL show non-paying shady guests how easy it is to steal one of the customer's cars in the parking lot by their lack of attention.

I just got my membership here and will be canceling it today.
The customer service is absolutely horrible.
The sales guy is demeaning and would not help us out at all with the guest pass, and then passively decided to send us what we were asking for AFTER we had walked out.
Like many people reviews said, all they want is the money and unwilling to work with their customers in a respectable way.

Pushy as hell!
All I wanted was to do a tour of the club, that's it.
Before even getting the tour I was sat down and aggressively persuaded for damn near an hour for shit I had clearly stated from the beginning, and during that I was not interested in.
The guy would not get it in his head that I was not interested what so ever in a personal trainer, and would not shut the fuck up just on and on, and was overly aggressive and pushy.
I was like look all I wanted was to look around at the equipment and decide on my own if it is worth the extra costs.
Somethkng thag even with a sales pitch should not have taken longer than 10 min.
Truthfully if the staff had simply taken me back to view the club I can honestly say that I would have joined based on the fact that they had what I was looking for, but due to the overly aggressive, highly offensive staff there was no way.
There is no way I would have used the membership because I felt like I would have had to deal with that shit repeatedly.
I work full time, go to school full time, and am raising a 3 soon to be 4 year old son.
The gym is supposed to be a place for a person to come to and let go, and have me time, not be harassed.

A solid three star gym, as it is nothing special but it does share a parking lot with frys and 3 check cashing places.
While issues within the gym are just normal annoyances such as waiting for machines, stepping foot outside (especially at night) is tricky.
Solid chance that you may get robbed, stuck with a needle, or run over.
General rule of thumb for new Phoenix yelpers......if at all possible, avoid anything within a block of the light rail on camelback and/19th.

Let's just say my first day at LA fitness was not all that great.
First the lady at the front desk was really rude and then the next person that helps us was even ruder.
I was trying to get a guest pass and my friend and I did not realize that you have to print it out before you come to LA Fitness in order to use a guess pass.
So, if you decide to bring a friend just make sure they print it out before you go.
Anyway after all of that the last guy we talked to was really nice to us and let me in for free that day for all the trouble we had earlier that day, because we had to go back to my house and print out a guess pass.
Well we had an awesome time playing racquetball and I also joined the gym too.
It is my first membership at a gym and I'm excited to work out all the time.
So far it is going great.
Hopefully the gym will open at the correct time and not a half an hour late.

I've been a member of this gym for about 9 months.
For the first month I was very adamant about making sure I was there 3-4 times a week.
I soon lost focus and after about two weeks of not going, I received a call from a staff member.
He reminded me that I hadn't been in a while.
I thought that was a very nice touch to get me motivated to get back in!
So after a few months of no-show I finally made my way back in.
My first day I decided to go back, I showed up at 5 am, when the gym opened.
There was a big group of people waiting to get in.
Apparently the staff member in charge of opening that day slept in.
Finally we were all let in at 5:25 am.
Very discouraging!
Overall I am pretty pleased with LA Fitness.
Most of the staff members seem to care that my monthly payment helps sign their pay checks.
A few others couldn't care less that I'm there.
I've never had to wait in line for a machine, but I also typically go at 5 am.
Even when I do go at peak hours, it is crowded, but still have never waited in line.
The equipment is really nice and functioning.
I've only seen one machine inoperable.
I've never had any problems leaving my car in the parking lot.
I've never been in the locker room, so I have no reviews in that aspect.
As long as you're showing up several days a week, I would say it's worth the $30 a month, plus initial down payment.

This is a great gym with lots of options that you can tailor to your own tastes.
My prevous gym membership with another place was expiring and I stopped in a couple months ago to get pricing options.
I was helped by the manager and he gave me multiple options, including prepaid and various monthly options.
Shortly my previous gym membership expired I signed up and got a very fair deal $20/month with $149 as initiation fee.
Since I'm planning on being there at least two years or more, initiation fee was not an issue.
There is plenty of parking, area is bit sketcy, but that's Phoenix, always changing and a huge starbucks just went up close by.
Staff is friendly, even if you don't have a personal trainer.
I did the intiial personal trainer session.
Caleb was great, I didn't sign up due to the high cost and commitment period.
I didn't feel high pressure however, and he still says hi when he sees me there.
I have been to two yoga classes now, and the instructors are great.
I've done Yoga at home but these instructors know how to bend, twist and shape you.
They are extra friendly and there are multiple time slots.
I've done the Saturday and Sunday morning ones.
The gym is kept clean, I have not used the locker rooms at this point.
There are also a large number of both cardio and weight machines.
I'm glad I've joined LA fitness and it's encouraged the best thing to keep me going in my workouts--VARIETY.
Thanks, LA!
Bring it on!

Coming in on Friday night hoping to get a great workout.
Checking yelp for their hours stating they stay open til 11.
Showed up at 9:50 pm, Saying their closed.
That's complete bull****.
At least change your time

spa is gross, everytime for the past week of my membership I have had to complain about the cleanliness of the spa.
walls are gross and today there were brown floaties like from a gel diaper that were brown and left a horrible smell on our bodies

I love this place but some people do not have gym  Etiquette.
They don't put wieghts back, leave paper towel on equipment.
The staff here  is very nice.
The music is great could be a little louder but it's fine.
I went to the LA fit in Laveen man was that Boring they had like elevator music and very low volume no there seemed fired up...

