Be very cautious when renting a home, apartment or condo, and Management One Group is the property management company.
We were charged for repairs at the end of our lease for things that were already there when we moved in.
We were not given a breakdown of the charges, they just took it upon themselves to deduct almost $500 from our security deposit.
Also, during our lease the refrigerator stopped working and it took 4 days for them to send a repair person.
Management One told us that were going to paint the walls before we moved in and that never happened.
And then at the end of our lease they charged us to repair the walls.
What a scam.
I placed a call to our attorney, and she said that we would probably win in Small Claims Court, however it would cost us more to pursue the issue, than what the repairs cost us.
Don't rent from this company, you will regret it later.
Joe & Chris - Las Vegas

Do not deal with this company!!!!!!!!!!!.
If I could give them negative stars I would.....They will take your deposit and not give you any reason to why.... After reading Joe's review, it dawned on that the same thing happened to me.
We were deducted $220.00 for" deep cleaning of the toilets" We never received a copy of any inspection or bill that reflected those charges.
My husband drove to the management office and was treated with utter disrespect and was told by a Manager that "we are done here, you aren't getting your money back, and you need to leave" She also added that per Nevada law she didn't need to show him the paperwork"  This is a total scam, charging customers for items that don't exist, is wrong and against Nevada rental laws.
I hope more people read these reviews and together we can stop this from happening to good tenants that paid their rent every month on time.
Shame on you Manage One Group, I hope they start to do business the way they should.
I filled a complaint with BBB as well.
Here's to hoping they will do the right thing!!!

My real rating is an infinitive zero.
This company is full of liars, cheaters and no-good-doers.
They will lie to your face, steal your money and tell you if you're not happy then move out.
REALLY!!!???!
you have all my "non-refundable" deposits and fees.
Where am i suppose to go?
I can't even begin to list all the things that they have done (or not done as the case may be).
They told me the condo was cleaned and carpets shampooed.
Lie!
They told me that i was renting the condo "as is".
Lie!
According to state law, it has to be habitable.
Which means all appliances included need to be in working order.
The non-working was thrown in the condo when the last tenants stole the one that was in there.
The stove was improperly cleaned and was an explosion hazard.
They charged previous tenants for work that was not obviously done and probably would have done the same thing to me.
Luckily, the owner has quit this company and moved to Wynn Realty.

This is yet another piss poor management company in Las Vegas.
I have only been in my place three months and it has been a nightmare.
I'm not sure what the role of the management company is.
They can't seem to do anything without the approval of the owner who apparently can't be reached.
In 2013 who cannot be reached by phone, cell phone, text, email etc?
And shouldn't the management company have the authority to handle things?
I have been 3 weeks without a working washer.
I have two teenage boys.
Two repair men came to my house, not to fix the washer but to tell me it was broken.
no duh!
I won't be here long.
The follow through of the management company is terrible.
They are clearly not representing the renter, only the owner.
No cheap rent in Summerlin so they really need to get it together.

I wish there are negative stars!
They SUCK!!!
Do not ever deal with them.
They never inspected the house before I moved in.
So I basically moved in with a bunch of crappy broken stuff.
They finally send someone to fix things a WHOLE YEAR later!
The window was cracked before I moved in then later broken.
I asked them to fix it.
They took 2 whole years to finally send someone over to fix it.
Then they charged me $540 for it!
Unbelievable!
They said because I've never reported this issue to them so it's my responsibility to pay for it!
I've called them at least 3 times and had gone to the office in person once.
It's not my problem they didn't write it down when I reported it!
Now the washer is broken.
They told me the washer and dryer don't belong to the owner so they won't fix it.
Have you ever heard anyone renting a house without providing washer and dryer?!
They are just ridiculously slow and inefficient.
If they ever tell you they are calling you back in a couple hours, it means they never will.
I have to keep calling everyday for about a whole week then finally get some super rude "manger" to tell me everything is my fault!
They have no shame or whatsoever when it comes to charges.
They only tell you the amount of money you are charged, but never what it is for.
I've never even seen a receipt.
When I needed to renew my lease, they told me they can't reach the owner so I can't sign my paper.
Really, for about 3 months, you can't find the owner?!
But I'm actually happy that I didn't sign the lease anyways, because I won't be able to endure them for another year!
This company is full of shit!

this is the worst company I have ever delt with.
Firstly, they were contacted to repair a faucet in the bathroom which would not control the temperature.
they sent out a repairman who looked at the faucet, however he did not repair it.
Second repair was the irigation system which was completely replaced, yet did not fix the timer and plants continued to die in the heat.
third repair incident included the ice machine for the refrigerator.
The repairman did not shut off the ice machine and had to order parts.
This caused the machine to be further damaged and when he came to replace the relay, he said it needed more work and that the relay wouldn't fix the problem.
Finally, they moved offices and did not inform the tenant who must mail payments (really, who doesn't do wireless billing in 2013?).
The check was returned to sender and they charged a latefee on the incident, when the check was clearly sent in a timely fashion.
This company only deals in emails and is horrible with their customer service.
I am still fighting them two months later for my deposit back.

I have never been treated this bad before.
I cant imagine how this company is still in business.
There customer service is down the drain.
They ignored me and my phone calls for the last two weeks.
No call back no reply...nada...

