I went to Alex and Phil this past weekend for help with a bachelor party for a buddy of mine.
We needed a package deal for a single night on a tight budget (for a Vegas bachelor party, that is).
After going over a bunch of different options, they were able to hook it up with everything we asked for.
They even somehow managed to stay in budget.
Phil was also very professional and walked us in.
I definitely recommend their services to anyone going to Vegas.
It doesn't matter if you're on a budget, have a large party, or even if you have no idea what to do.
These guys can plan your whole trip.

There is so much to like about this Vegas party service.
They really make you feel accomodated for and their service is very professional.
The thing about Alex is he knows everything about Vegas.
He's been around and know where to setup the best ways and also gives good suggestions as to who to talk to to take care of it.
We planned our trip to vegas to help book our 2 day bachelor party and 2 day bachelorette party for my friends that I was part of the groom party.
Really amazing fun at Wynn, Cosmo, tours, shows, and bottle service.
All in all the money spent was worth the time they made the effort to make our time in Vegas a blast.

I've used a concierge service a few times in the past in Las Vegas and none seems as professional as My Guy VIP.
They really helped me to the fullest to arrive in Vegas in style...limo, VIP check in, VIP walk-ins to the hottest clubs, the best table at the club, and it goes on!
Alex is a true gentleman and definitely has the hook ups.
The price of the services is what you pay for.
You really can't complain if you want super VIP service.
I will for sure hit My Guy VIP again for my next special event.
Thank you sooooo much for all the VIP service you provided to me and my party.
At times when I was stressing out through the night, you allowed me to be at ease and chill w/ my crew while you handled it.
That's what Vegas is all about!

I came to vegas for my 21st birthday and Phil was so nice and helpful in guiding me with tips and suggestions on what I should do for each night (thursday-saturday was my trip).
He was always standing by for advice and I'm definitely going to use him again!
I highly recommend this guy to anyone that's a newbie to vegas, or if you're looking for having an epic time during your stay in Vegas.
He won't let you down!

I have been to Vegas before and contacted alex when we decided to attend the pbr world finals and had a few things we wanted to do.
Most of my attractions were free or easy to setup and alex let me know I could do it or he could do it for a fee and that would include insider info like addresses travel times, free parking locations, etc.
We opted to do things as we feel when we get there so we didn't use his service but the correspondence we had was great and he answered my questions

Vegas VIP Guy is legit, very professional and easy to work with.
I have used him several times over the past few years that I have to say he is thorough and easy to work with.
Low pressure and a really good guy.
He has a lot of connections and they seem to work well with him and made me and my friends feel very welcome and like total VIPs.
I recommend contacting and using him for any Vegas experiecnce... even restaurants.

Looking for the best VIP service in Las Vegas?
Don't look any further!
Alex is the man when it comes to your Las Vegas experience.
From booking hotel rooms, to limo reservations, Club visits, sight seeing tours to table reservations and more...Alex got you covered!
I've been working with him for over a year now and his priority is to make his customers happy, no matter what!
Easy to work with and down to earth, yet highly professional...you can't ask for more!

Alex was referred to me by a friend who happened to promote with him years ago in Hollywood, CA.
I must say that Alex has neither lost his touch nor his social status within the industry.
His network ranges from the hottest clubs to even the most exclusive events in Las Vegas.
I contacted Alex to arrange my birthday festivities for a whole weekend in February.
I had to experience table/bottle service at the two most acclaimed clubs, Hakkasan & Light, while maintaining a reasonable budget.
Alex didn't fall short of the task, and seamlessly acquired a premier table for 12 people (1:1 guy to girl ratio) at Hakkasan on a night Calvin Harris was playing.
Alex's service exemplifies diversity because he can fulfill your every need in Las Vegas with a welcoming attitude that assures your best interests are in mind.
You even do not need to make all your decisions prior to your arrival, because he can improvise activities to fill your day.
Do not misconstrue his ability to plan on-the-fly as a reason to be indecisive, because Las Vegas operates at a fast pace where you can miss an opportunity in a second.
Always be decisive with your budget and the main events you want scheduled.
With that amount of information, Alex can plan a Vegas trip for your record book.
He truly is the epitome of the term "VIP Concierge".
Alex can provide a "turnkey" trip consisting of travel, dining, entertainment, nightlife, and after hours.
I am currently having him plan my friend's birthday extravaganza this Memorial Day weekend.
Hakkasan (Hardwell), Wet Republic (Tiesto), Light (Alesso), and XS night swimming (Avicii) here we come!
Alex,   This review was long overdue.
We'll party in a month!

Alex was able to care of a group of guys for a Bachelor Party.
He provided us with many options.
My group was a bit difficult due to indecisiveness and budget, but Alex was available at the moment we called.
Ultimately, he met us outside a club and got us in with no waiting and a very reasonable price for a table and bottle service.
Alex set us up with transportation and after hours.
Everyone in the group had a solid time.
The best part of the experience was the fact Alex did not pressure us into making a decision .
He put the work in and provided us with options that suited our needs.
Awesome time and I will definitely use him again!

