FIRST!
Soft open preview...  limited menu - fry basket appetizer and shrimp sausage salad entree; fry basket consisted of waffle fries and tasted like it was from the frozen section of the grocery store and came out cold; shrimp sausage salad was pretty standard with spring salad and strawberries supposedly fresh which it may have been but i had the late preview time so it didnt come of as fresh; the sausage was local and was very good and tasty; the shrimp didnt jump out; had caramelized onions and a sweet balsamic dressing that overall gave it a sweetish taste; was satisfied but it was overall a very standard salad...will be back to make my way through the menu - the street tacos sound good as do some of those burgers (hopefully they fix the whole fries issue); they do also have vegetarian selections and some gluten-free options...  pretty good craft beer tap list (only a handful if macros); tap list had 24 choices with a good selection of local brews which will be rotated...  since it was a soft preview many of the staff and one of the chefs came out to greet the visitors - very nice guy with a lot info about the place and openings as well the sourcing of ingredients (supports local, tries to support sustainability ideas, etc)...  atmosphere and service is very inviting an friendly - will be interesting to see how things change after the real opening and when it is busy - looks like an attempt to keep the atmosphere as not-so-corporate and more neighborhoody and so far looks to be succeeding; they dont make the servers wear stupid unis with stupid flair; service does come off as genuine and not too forced and i bet it will become even more relaxed after the nerves of opening wear off...  looks like it can cater to families although seems tailored to a more young professional/professional type crowd...didnt get a chance to check out the outdoor section although the server did suggest checking it out when they open...wasnt blown away but will def give it more than another chance

In Tempe, people don't go to biker bars, they go to bicycle bars.
: )  Spokes serves up fresh, slightly healthier versions of your typical bar foods for a reasonable price (Less than $10).
They also offer more vegetarian options.
This is the 3rd day since their opening, and it was decently busy for a Thursday night.
The interior is pretty nice, and has various bicycle-themed accoutrements, such as a pair of silver owls made out of bicycle parts.
The bar and dining area is very spacious, and TVs line the walls.
There is a patio area which overlooks the gorgeous lake area outside, which I will definitely have to take advantage of once the weather is nicer!
They offer a wide range of beers available (20+ on the menu), as well as iced tea and soda.
A nice thing about their iced tea is they offer Stevia in their sweetener baskets.
Once we were seated, we were handed menus.
Despite it being just their third day since the grand opening, my menu was already splattered, sticky, and had a large tear on the side.
Putting aside my distaste at the sad state of my menu, I opted for the veg-head sandwich, while my husband had the carver burger.
The veg-head sandwich was decent.
It had fresh vegetables such as red bell pepper and eggplant in it, as well as fresh basil and mozzarella.
It had a sweet balsamic vinegar sauce with it.
As a whole, it did taste a little bland (Maybe it needed some more of the balsamic?
) and the eggplant was tough and bitter.
I tried the carver burger, which I liked a lot better.
It was a sizable meal, with juicy, perfectly cooked to order meat, and very flavorful ingredients.
The only real negative for my husband was that he felt the burger needed some more seasoning to bring out the flavor of the beef more.
We both had sweet potato fries as a side, although you can also get sides such as salad, soup, or waffle fries with your order.
The sweet potato fries were awesome.
They were light, crispy, with just the right amount of seasoning.
Service was fast and friendly, and the owner came by to chat for a little bit, which I appreciated.
They offer happy hour and a reverse happy hour, and are open late until 2 A.M.
Overall, a pretty good experience here at a nice restaurant and location.

I went here Sunday afternoon w/ some friends.
They seemed pretty busy for only being open a couple days.
My group started with the queso dip appetizer.
The dip had a very delicious cheese flavor, the tortilla chips were crunchy and fresh.
While waiting for the appetizer we ordered some flights of beer.
They were out of flight glasses so they ended up pouring 3 pints for the price of a flight for my friend and I ended up just getting a pint, no complaints there.
The beer selection was quite nice as to be expected for a spin off of Boulders on Broadway.
Being brand new, I expected some kinks needing to be worked out and there were a few.
I got the grilled cheese for my meal, excellent sandwich but I had to send the fries back because they were barely cooked.
They made up for it by quickly replacing them with extra crispy sweet potato fries.
Next mishap?
Charging for the 2nd flight we never got.
They quickly corrected the problem and went beyond redemption by 1) buying me my pint and 2) giving me a coupon for a free pint next time I stop by.
Minor annoyances and they are clearly moving in the right direction.
The food prices seem to be in line with a neighborhood grill.
The beer prices seem a bit cheaper than you'd find at most places (especially for craft beer, $3.50 drafts for happy hour?
hell yea).
Finally, a craft beer spot in my neighborhood within walking distance.
I'll be going back for sure.

Atmosphere was great, love the patio.
Service was decent, but not phenomenal.
Food wasn't bad, except you could tell the food was previously frozen.
If I'm paying 9 dollars for a chicken finger basket, the chicken shouldn't be tough.
I think this would be a great drinking spot, they had a lot of good beers on tap and a nice patio.
But only get the food if you have the drunk munchies!

My friends and I came here a while back to celebrate a bon voyage for a good friend of ours we got the the server recommended bruschetta board and chased it down with some tasty brews.
Good beer selection, food selection is healthier oriented pub grub and the atmosphere feels like young professional/grad school.
Apparently they just opened and it was pretty populated.
Will have to return for more  food!

Had lunch there twice now.
Service was fast and with great attitudes and smiles.
I had a kale salad today that was fresh and really good.
Sweet potato fries were also good but a bit limp.
I don't know where the ice tea comes from but it was heavenly.
I don't usually comment on such common items but it was very very good.
My buddy had tacos and said they were great.
Great neighborhood watering hole atmosphere.
Patio by the lake is very relaxing.
All good.

I been there twice now friendly staff great Beer choices and really good food.
You have to try the Grilled Cheese with pear and onions WOW great job Spokes....

Friendly staff, but HORRIBLE food.
Everything we tried tasted like it had been frozen, including the fries.
For a college town it's amazing that they have no vegan options.
The lemonade tasted like Countryrtime powder.
There were five of us and we were all VERY DISAPPOINTED with our food.

Two stars for a great patio, zero stars for everything else.
Service was horrendous.
Our server couldn't get one order straight and when the bills came it was apparent why, every bill in our group was wrong.
We were all laughing about it.
One guy tried the tabbedout thing they have and his orders were messed up also.
Food wasn't very tasty either, the wings were overcooked, the salads were mushy.
The beer list was large but all mostly entry level microbrew beers, with so many taps put a couple of out of the box beers on please.

Great place.
Nice craft beer selection, food with local ingredients.
Try the Turkey Quesadilla!
And Tyler, the bartender is so friendly and knowledgeable.

I should begin by saying that I really want to like Spokes.
Locally-owned, bicycle-friendly bar with a great selection of beer that is just blocks from my house and free of the Mill Avenue crowd.
The all-day happy hour on Saturday is great, too.
That being said, I think it is just going to have to be a bar for me.
I've been on a handful of occasions now, and have been pleased with my beer experience every time.
However, the two times that I have gotten food, I've been disappointed with the quality and price.
(First, a grilled cheese with caramelized onion and pear, second, a salmon (no B)LT).
Namely, the two sandwiches I purchased had too little flavor and too much grease; I felt like I had to wipe my hands and face after each bite.
My friends at dinner each of these nights echoed this sentiment, with sirloin tacos and a burger, respectively.
I'll keep coming back for your beer, Spokes on Southern, but no more food for me until the menu improves.

I've been to Spokes twice now & haven't had a glimpse of disappointment!
They have 24 beers on tap- and a great informational beer list to match (in case you like to know exactly what you are ordering.
) I love beer but I also like surprises.
Both times I've been I have had super friendly & knowledgable servers who have helped me choose random beers that would please my palette.
There is definitely a beer for everyone... who likes beer.
We took my anti-beer best friend and explained her situation as she looked over the menu- immediately, they brought her a couple of samples hoping to find one she liked.
When she wasn't pleased with any of them (crazy girl) they brought her a fun & creative tequila drink.
It was very sweet!
We decided we were hungry and thought we would give their affordable food a try.
I was surprised by some of the poor food reviews, because everything we had was very flavorful, well made, and unique!
(It is still a new restaurant, so you have to give them some room to work out the kinks- but I think they are doing well & are open to hearing customer opinions.
) I had the sirloin tacos with a side salad.
The balsamic dressing was delicious and my salad was super fresh.
When my two tacos came out, I wasn't sure if it would be enough food.. but they were packed full of goodness!
They came with chimchurri and poblano peppers, and they weren't spicy- but moist and full of flavor!
My light eating friend ordered edamame, and was given the choice of having it served salted or with pesto.
Yum!
My other friend got the Caprese sandwich and sweet potato fries, both of which she was very pleased with.
The decor and atmosphere inside are cute.
It's bike themed with an at home, neighborhood bar feel.
Outside is adorable!
Especially with the great weather we are currently having :).
It's covered, well lit, and overlooks a little baby lake I didn't even know was there.
Also, they have happy hour all day on Saturdays- so who can go wrong with that?
We enjoyed our Saturday evening there.
I had 2 craft beers I'd never tried before and plenty of food & my tab was only $17.
The service was quick, down to earth, and full of jokes for our increasingly silly table.
Give Spokes a try- unless you hate beer and friendly faces you won't be disappointed.

I've been to Spokes twice now, and both times it has been a great experience!!
Last weekend, my husband and I biked up to Spokes for our first outing.
There are places all over the restaurant and patio to lock up your bike, being a bike-themed restaurant.
We sat on the patio and enjoyed the lovely afternoon.
Kyle was our server, and we was always around making sure we had enough to drink, that our food was ok, etc.
Just really friendly staff, but not overbearing.
My husband had the turkey sandwich, which to his surprise was real carved turkey, not pressed deli meat.
I had the smoked salmon Blt, which was delicious!!
The waffle fries are amazing.
The next trip we sat in the dining room, and I really like the ambience of the place.
The beer menu had been updated since our last visit (they rotate through kegs of craft beer, but there is always Bud light on the menu for the less adventerous).
They also keep a cider on tap, which is awesome.
Right now it is Sam Adam's Angry Orchard cider, which isn't my favorite, but still better than no cider at all.
This time around I tried the shrimp tacos with a side salad, while Matt had the Salmon BLT, again both of us enjoyed our meals, and we had Kyle as our server again, so the service was fantastic.
I haven't tried any desserts yet, but I'm looking forward to that on my next trip!
It is so nice to have a local restaurant within biking/walking distance of my neighborhood with good food (not typical bar food), and a great craft beer selection.

Loved it!
Great craft beers and food was fresh, fresh!
Try the quesadilla, it was amazing!
Our waiter, David, was a hoot!

The beers were warm and flat.
The bartender was argumentative when we told him about it.
6 employees working on a Sunday afternoon and I still had to get up and go to the bar to get napkins for my wings since none were brought to me with them.
The place is cold and not inviting at all.
We won't be back.

Open six weeks.
Pros are:  25 local brews and IPAs on tap and full bar.
Cons are: since it says " neighborhood grill", I was hoping for a new neighborhood bar with GOOD FOOD.
Wrong!
Why can't we have a local place that serves good fresh food that's tasty!?
Does the staff even taste what they are serving?
Maybe 15 items on menu.
The bartender boasted about the roasted turkey so I tried the turkey tacos.
Menu says it is roasted turkey with cranberry sauce and shaved sweet potatoe.
When my dish arrived, it was two tiny tacos on a huge plate.
That's it.
No garnish, no dipping sauce...
The tortillas were grilled, the turkey was no big deal, and the sweet potatoe fries were burnt and greasy sprinkled all over the top.
Greasy burnt flavor with each bite.
Restaurants should know and love what they are serving.
I took two bites and sent it back.
I've read other reviews and see that I'm not the only that agrees with the lack of food quality and flavor.
Come on Spokes!
Listen to your potential fans and step it up a notch!
If anyone's wondering were to go with awesome home cooked food and dive bar setting.. TryPranksters!
Hint hint spokes.

Had a great early dinner with my husband at Spokes.
We're long time Tempe residents so have seen this establishment be many a restaurant.
Am so hopeful Spokes will make it!!!
When we arrived around 4:30pm, a sign alerted us to go to the bar for seating.
My husband likes to sit in the bar (I'm OK with that, too) so we found our own table.
I love the atmosphere in Spokes (as it was when it was Streets of New York and Uptown Brewery)... open area bar, outdoor seating.
So, where we situated ourselves was great!
Didn't take long for our waiter, Max, to address us with a beer list (different than what was on their web site that day).
He helped me select a beer that I absolutely enjoyed, as did my husband.
Beers were great.
Food: We ordered to split a kale salad and the sirloin sliders.
The kale salad was fairly standard in that it is a bitter green dressed-up with a blue cheese dressing (although for my tastes could have had even more of that dressing), pecans, strawberries served around the salad (would like better mixed within the salad).
The best thing... the whole salad sat on a balsamic dressing.
This dressing really helped cut the bitterness of the kale.
So, only change... slice up the strawberries into the salad, add a bit more of the blue-cheese dressing (or offer on the side).
Keep that balsamic dressing-so, so good!!!
We took home half of the salad.
Sirloin sliders: A lot of places offer 3 sliders.
Spokes gave 2.
My husband and I didn't go for these right away- ate the salad, and munched on the delicious sweet potato fries that we ordered as a side with the sliders.
So, perhaps if we had, they would have been warmer (hotter) to the palate.
While there is a pecan pesto, it was lost on the sliders... pretzel bun was great... would like to have had some kind of dipping sauce or sauce on the slider that might be a horseradish/mayo variety... perhaps something the diner could control.
The sirloin was tender...great... Needless to say, we ate both!!!
Our side of sweet potato fries was right on!!!
These were crisp, hot, and meaty.
None were left on the plate!!!
When ordering, we told Max that we were splitting the two orders, so would have appreciated that the food came out split on two plates.
Not so.
Max was observant and gave us smaller plates for us to do ourselves.
Not a biggie, but one of those nice touches that diners appreciate.
Service: Can't say enough how Max was attentive and observant of our needs as diners.
We also were eager to chat with Max, and he was able to do so as the early time we were there.
The kind of people hired to represent a business matters... we hope to return to Spokes and request Max's area for seating... usually a Thursday through Sunday opportunity!
I look forward to returning.
Max recommends the turkey quesadilla and the Carver burger which I will order!!!!
For those who might not know, Spokes is a sister restaurant to Boulders on Broadway...

The food is their biggest downfall.
Quit trying to be so unique and focus on doing something right.
Even mediocre bar food would be a huge improvement for this place.
We went during their grand opening week and were seated right by two roll up doors even after telling the hostess we didn't want to sit outside (it was quite cold that evening) so we had to ask the server later to close the doors for us.
Queso dip appetizer was probably the most boring I've ever had.
Food took forever, my burger was simply meh.
My wife's tacos were seasoned with a crazy amount of some oily concoction and the meat was tough and chewy.
I had to send my cold fries back.
We waited a couple weeks to let them settle in and didn't have much better luck.
This time the server was indifferent bordering in rude.
I had pulled turkey sliders (seasoned with barbecue sauce and curry?!?!?!
) on a soggy pretzel bun and my wife got the mediocre burger.
Beer selection is great and will probably keep me coming back occasionally for some late night libations.
I wouldn't mess with anything else.
It's sad/scary when I think I could legitimately do a better job cooking/coming up with the menu.

I've been coming to Spokes since it's inception into the community and absolutely love it.
The food here is phenomenal and the servers are friendly and charismatic.
Lindsey is an awesome bartender who is very attentive.
Cody the manager ensures that the customers are always right.
David the server is excellent at making everyone happy.
Any item you purchase of the menu is fresh and scratch made, the Burgers aren't frozen, it's fresh angus beef!
The salmon blt is incredible, the best thing you've eaten every time.
The farmer fry basket is great especially for vegetarians, their salads are amazing.
Thank you for reading I hope you enjoy this establishment as much as I do, everytime.

First off as a beer drinker...... always a rotating selection of craft beers as the bartender lindsey who was so nice to introduce herself  tells me.
Food was from scratch and as local as possible.
I had the "spokes burger" loved the kale.
They do things right here, good creativity.Brought my dog and loved the patio .All day happy hour on saturday is also legit.
cool neighborhood spot, check it out this place is worth it!

Enjoyed a nice Saturday lunch with some friends.
The bartender was funny and witty, very helpful in the beer & food selection.
My  friend and I each got an order of Sirlion & Shrimp tacos so we could have one each.
I will say the tzatziki sauce was awesome on it, a nice twist to tacos but i wouldn't say the meat and shrimp were the best I've  ever had.
I also was excited to try a new food ...
Yes, I've never had pablano peppers before and did so stuffed with mashed sweet potatoes .... now that was YUMMY!

The atmosphere, especially the patio area is really nice.
The service was perfectly fine, but the menu can be a big hit or miss.
If your looking for something new and unique then you'll probably be delighted.
If your looking for the usually staples, made well and tasty you might find yourself having a hard time making a decision.
All choices seem normal until you read what they add.
Seems like they are trying a little too hard to be different, which really isn't needed for a sport bar type spot.
Ended up getting hot wings and a Cesar salad.
The salad had to be modified from the menu, just an example of how they might be trying a little too hard to be unique.
Shouldn't have to modify a simple Cesar salad, at least I can't remember the last time I had to do that anywhere else.
Probably won't go back, just because I don't want to have to special order everything I eat if I'm not feeling adventurous.

I've been to spokes a few times with friends and overall this is a good restaurant.
There are some really good things about it and some things that I'm not a fan of.
PROs The atmosphere is great.
They have a beautiful patio with lots of shade that overlooks pond with fish and ducks.
The food is good.
Almost everything I've ordered there has been delicious.
They have a huge beer selection that always offers variety.
CONs Their beer selection is constantly changing.
I'm a creature of habit so it's frustrating when I find a beer that I really like they don't offer that beer the next time I'm there,  I think it would be nice if they had a few regular beer selections.
The food is pretty expensive for the portion size.
Our server had a really bad attitude.
Each time I came to the restaurant I sat on the patio and the server always seemed to be in a bad mood.
I understand that serving is not an easy job and everyone has a bad day every now and then but its a bummer to have the server consistently be in a bad mood.

Fun atmosphere.
Good food.
Had the street tacos, different, but good.

This is a great place to stop by after work and grab a draft beer.
The beer is great, the food needs work.
Still a great spot.

Last night was my first time at Spokes.
I had never heard of the place before but saw a couple in a local flyer and saw that they had 24 beers on tap!!!
Sounded like a great place to me.
Be warned this place is not easy to find without any kind of GPS!!
There are no signs for it anywhere and it cannot be seen from the street.
Upon walking in we were told to seat ourselves anywhere we would like.
We chose to be sit over by the bar which overlooked a beautiful patio area complete with a pond.
We sat for quite some time before a waiter came over to us (about 10 min).
They do have a good selection of beers (I chose the SanTan Hefeweizen) and food seemed to SOUND good.
So I ordered the bacon cheeseburger.
The food literally took 40 minutes to get to us.
Keep in mind this place was not busy at all.
Our food was okay but nothing too impressive for the prices.
I had asked for my burger medium rare and it was almost well done.
The side of black beans and rice was bland and cold.
At this point we were ready to leave but we had another 20 minute wait to get our check.
Overall this place could be good if they changed a few things.
Great selection of beers but food is lacking.
May give it another shot but doubt it.

Gluten free accomodating!
Neat place, like the decor, but I was most impressed that they serve gluten free bread or buns as an option.
Usually I can't find much to eat at pub restaurants, but I enjoyed a turkey sandwich on a gluten free bun and they had a cider beer on tap.
I'll be back again.

Well I stopped in to check it out.
Tough location, it;'s kinda hidden.
I go to a lot of bars like this.
We hit the bar, it seemed friendly enough.
Until I received the wrong beer.
The bartender argued that it is what I ordered when in fact I was just taking her own recommendation.
I don't remember her name (angel wings?
) But she took the beer back and never brought me another beer.
Even after my buddy said he would drink the one she brought.
I had to order from the other bartender.
Then service went downhill from there.....
So .... make sure you verify with the bartender what you want before she pours.
If the food is ok and there is nothing special about a place, then they need to have good friendly service if I'm ever coming back!

Great place what a surprise!!
Went there after a hash run and met up with my daughter hoping she would like it too.
Great decor and the wait staff were right on and we came in full force with 60 plus people on a sat night just showing up.
Excellent beer choices wish I didn't live so far away I would have sampled many more of their great list of beers on tap.They even have the alcohol content listed so no guessing what or how hard it'll hit you-BRAVO!

I'm a fan of Boulders on Broadway, so when the manager mentioned that Spokes is the same owner, I wanted to check it out.
The food was really great with more things on the menu I hope to go back and try soon.
I thought it might be a carbon copy of Boulders, but the selections were different, but maintained the focus on upping the ante for bar food.
The servers were so friendly!
On a slow night - there was some improv think going on in another part of the very large space - they chatted with us, welcoming us as our first time at the bar.
Happy hour was $1 off all drinks, not amazing but they said perhaps food specials are in the works, but for the friendly service, good food and super convenient location, I'll be back!

Awesome, rotating beer list.
There is always something new to try.
Food is decent, but they could use some more apps that are easy to share.

Great atmosphere, good food, excellent service.
The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.
The menu has some unique items and is vegetarian friendly.
The rotating beer selection is awesome.

Good beer list, but the menu and service are poor at best.

Came in for the Wolf Pack IIPA tapping on #NationalIPADay...good tasting balanced IPA w/ some citrus hops + bready malt & agave nectar in the finish = well done...sirloin street tacos w/ rice & black beans on the side came out cold but tasted great - did not skimp on the sirloin!
Tap list as always is great, service is personable, friendly & good...that 4th star is for the brews; unfortunately i still have to go with 3 for the food - but that is working its way past the bar food label into the gastopub arena;...keep it up Spokes; i'll keep coming back

Great location, yummy food, awesome staff, huge patio...this place is really fantastic!

Great pub...Always a great selection of rotating taps, including some locals.
The food is good pub food, but everyone comes for the beer and patio (when weather is nice).
Staff is very friendly and efficient.
Stop by after work at least once a week for a few ice cold pints.

I'm happy to say that I returned last night to Spokes and had their spinach kale enchiladas with beans and rice, and I was very pleased with the quality of the food!
I'm glad that they added another vegetarian option to the menu, and it was delicious.
Haven't returned to the other food items that I disliked last time, but maybe during my next visit.
Thanks, Spokes!

Excellent place to watch the  Cardinals and football!!
The food and service was spot on.
Burgers will yummy

Good beer selection, beautiful patio, food is decent but some things to work on.
They've only been open for a week or so.
Staff is friendly and attentive, and love the bicycle theme.
I'm hoping this place does well.

Good lord its hard to be THAT BAD, the food is terrible.
Cold, uncooked fries every single time its just disgusting.
Never bringing my family back here!

Watched the ASU game here with friends on Saturday.....and I remember "Sneakers" that this was previously.
Really liked the "Spokes" theme - Bicycles are so in right now and there was done of fun people watching as Tempe had its Tour De Fat that day!
The food here was very good, beer selection was great, pricing was reasonable, and service staff was solid!

I went here with a friend.
They chose it because I absolutely love grilled cheese and will pretty much order it anywhere it's offered.
I was not disappointed.
You get 3 cheeses on the grilled cheese if I remember correctly there are 3 base cheeses.
I remember there is cheddar and blue cheese.
Then you get to pick 2 extra toppings from a very delicious list.
I chose bacon and sweet onions...it's was absolute perfection!
I got the sweet potato fries, they were good but a little soft, next time I plan on trying the waffle fries.
For an appetizer we got the beer queso spicy style and it was soooo gooooddd.
It's been a long time since I've had good queso and this one was delicious!
The wait staff was really nice, explained things and were passionate about the things being served.

I've only been to spokes a few times after softball games, with groups and just two of us at a time.
I love their patio, the music has been really loud each time I've been so it's nice to be outside to just hang.
The servers are always very friendly and the atmosphere is very laid back.
(Perfect for after a sporting event and a rowdy group.
)  Their wings are good....the queso on the other hand....pass.
It was crusty within like 10min, yuck.
The beer selection is good, limited to local breweries so don't expect Blue Moon or Coors...they have the good stuff!
The servers are very knowledgable and happy to hang and explain the different types and bring samples.
All in all, it's a great spot to hang and try a few new beers.
I'll be back when I'm on this side of town.

We were visiting from out of town for the Ironman and wanted some good food and beer.
This place was close to the house so we stopped  in for lunch.
David, the bartender, was very friendly and knowledgable.
Great beer selection!
Everything our group ate was delicious.
Try the stuffed poblano pepper - you won't regret it!

I have tried this ale house/sports bar on more than one occasion and feel that they can step it up as far as menu selection.
The bar is a great place to watch a game and enjoy well selected beers on tap but don't expect to be satisfied with anything on the menu.

Super friendly staff, decent beer selection, really great location with a lot of greenery and it's very open.
I tried the grilled cheese with sweet potato fries, bbq hot wings, and the salted caramel creme puff.
The sweet potato fries were perfect - which isn't always the case in restraunts since the sweet potato fad hit - and the hot wings were also very good.
The grilled cheese was super tasty and I chose avacado and bacon as my two topping selections along with a base blend of cheeses.
The only thing that bummed me out was that the dessert was prepackaged - the server explained that they were running out of them because the supplier discontinued that dessert - but this isn't Applebees, so I expected the desserts to be made fresh!
Very disappointing.
They had a lot of turkey-based items (tacos?!
) which I found pretty unique.

I heard about Spokes from a friend, and the fact that it is related to Boulders made me want to try it even more!
I came here with my man to watch a Lakers-Suns game and it was a good overall experience.
The bartender was nice enough to find the game we wanted and made sure the tvs facing us had it on.
Our waitress was also very nice and very helpful with beer and food selection.
I was feeling adventurous and chose their pepper burger over an easy bacon cheeseburger.
It had different peppers and tzatziki on it and it was a unique and fairly good choice.
I would like to try something different next time, but it wasn't bad.
The thing I loved most was their tomato bisque, it was rich and tasty, I was very surprised at how good it was considering my low expectations of soup at a bar.
I tried some of Eric's sirloin tacos and they were pretty good.
I want to come back and check out that lake view and try other items on their menu.

My family and I went to spokes for the first time today.
I was beyond impressed!!
The atmosphere is so welcoming!
I love how the place is decorated and the fact that it's next to the pond with ducks is so cute :-) the staff was so friendly.
We ordered the guacamole which was made to order, so delicious!
I also recommend the turkey quesadilla, pulled turkey slides and the turkey tacos..
Pretty much anything with turkey haha!
Can't wait to go back!

The food was great, the staff was awesome.
They kept checking to see if we were ok, and not just our waiter either.
Food portions were decent.
Not to big and not to small.
Also has both indoor and outdoor seating by the water.

What an amazing vibe!
Today was my first visit to Spokes on Southern and I will definitely be heading back soon!
I waltz in on a Wednesday night and the Bartender David  gave this place the best first impression.
He remembered my name right of the bat which is not as typical as it should be at similar establishments.
Very friendly, personable and hilarious  throughout my entire visit.
Also  he noticeably respected when to stop let you enjoy your drink very diligently .
I was not there for Happy Hour but will be returning to take advantage of it soon.
drinks look fair and have great food options.
The beer was very great but all my compliments have to again to the bartender, David.
I am constantly disappointed by other bars and restaurants because their staff cannot make a near decent 'Old Fashioned' spirit.
I must be honest and say that Spokes' bartender made the absolute best 'Old Fashion' since my very first.
It is amazing that they have this type of talent on staff.
The food I had was also very enjoyable.
Overall vibe was very positive, chill and friendly.
I look forward to the summer because it looks like they have a great patio.
Probably the best first impression of a new restaurant that I have had in quite some time.
Fair Prices and amazing atmosphere.

Fantastic burgers!
Not good, but fantastic.
The menu is avante-garde and a sports at to boot.
Definitely try the jukebox app!
Am going back again today to try the stuffed Pasillia!

I went on opening weekend long ago.
My idea of a fun night out is not sitting around a wooden table and trying craft beer only to struggle through it because it tastes like ass.
Sorry folks, I will just stick to my Coors and Budweiser.
With that said, maybe this is wrong of me but Spokes is not really my type of place.
Even when ordering my "crappy" beer it took a while to get a bartender and be served.
I felt like it was a place where all the beer coneseuirs come and chat about beer - smelling it, takign a swig and swishing it around in their mouth, talking about the ingredients, and talking about how badass the brewery is instead of a place where you can have a steady stream of Coors Light sitting in front of you.
Which is fine, I just personally don't really have a desire to talk about such things.

This place is amazing!!!
Great food, nice atmosphere, and server Brian was one of the best servers I've ever had.

Lindsey was the best bar tender ever.
The prices are fair, and the customer service was great!

Came here a couple weeks ago after a game with my teammates.
We sat on the patio, which offered ample space and a good atmosphere.
The waiter was well-versed in all the beers on tap and can help out with any questions.
I wasn't impressed with the menu, but there is a little something for everyone.
I got the turkey on ciabatta and it was good, though nothing great.
All in all this is a nice place to grab a drink, eat a little food, and converse with friends.
i would not seek it out in any way nor do I see it becoming a go-to spot, but it is a good option if you are in the area.

Great beer on tap and the food is delicious.
It's nice to come to a locally owned restaurant with craft beers that change all of the time.

I've only been here for lunch during the work week a few times, and based off of all of my visits, I've always been very happy and love continuing to come here for lunch.
The staff is always very nice and helpful, and the food is absolutely delicious and prices are very reasonable.
There's a very nice outside patio that opens up to the beautiful duck pond area where there are waterfalls, ducks, turtles and fish.
I brought my dog with me today and they brought out a water bowl for her when they brought out the water for me, so they are also a pet friendly restaurant.
5 stars to this place without a doubt!

very nice patio and a SMOKING area woohoo a little pond with ducks and turtles good service and pretty good happy hour deals I will be coming back again

It's just so expensive even for craft beers...the worst is that bar tenders and wait staff are all trained to tell you the same thing when you ask why they're only bringing you a 10 oz pour.
They say it's because of the alcohol content...which isn't true...and they know it...or they should know it!!
As a matter of fact just last night they pulled that BS on me and she said..." Sir, anything with 8% or higher ABV is poured in 10 oz glass.
" I said well that beers not 8%....when she checked (because of course I'm wrong) she came back and said, "well it's a really rare keg and it's about profitability"....yeah.
That's what I thought...$5.85 for a 10 oz Oskar Blues IPA...too expensive.
You'd think a place owned by the owner of Boulders would be a great place too...but as they are quick to point out "this isn't Boulders..." To which I easily reply "you're damn right it's not!
" The food is just ok...the wait staff is hit and miss

Good food the service was a little excessive at least 5 different servers came up to our table, but we did enjoy our experience.

Went here 2x.
The first time was when I was visiting my family for the holidays and I decided to stop by here because I had nothing else to do/nowhere else to go.
The 2nd time I went here to see an old college friend.
I'm not a drinker but it seemed like this place was pretty relaxed.
There's plenty of spaces to sit/lounge and it's not really crowded.
It's like the place that people go to either hangout out with their friends or have a drink after work.
There's karaoke but the its mostly people with horrible drunken voices getting on the mic.
It's pretty laid back and somewhat "friend-ish" (as opposed to friendly) bc there isn't a meat market kind of vibe, but people just don't talk to strangers with ease.
It seems like the beers are cheap and the bartenders are like "whatever" in attitude so that's a plus or minus depending on what you're looking for.
I think the beers were like $4 or $5 during happy hour or reverse happy hour, or whatever.
Me, I'm a "whatever" kind of person too, so I this place is fine with me.

Nice place, good service, awesome patio This place had decent bar food and I liked their beer selection, both times I went the staff has been very nice and provided fast service, All in all it's worth a visit

Sweet potato stuffed poblano pepper as a side - Remember these words as they will be important when you order.
Good food with both a southwestern and slight bistro flair.
Casual dining with somewhat of a bicycle theme.
Super peppy waitstaff and a nice outdoor seating area with a couple fire pits.
Good bear selection and quite good cocktails.
Repeat - get the stuffed poblano pepper!

Went here for a large group dinner (~30) a few weeks ago and I was excited as I have driven past this place but never stopped in to try it.
It is a lot larger than I thought, with a nice patio space and a huge area in the back which is where our group was seated.
Everything was pretty average, I had a southwestern turkey sandwich and some cider.
What I can say though is that they set our server up for disaster.
We had a reservation and they only assigned one server to our group, so it took about 2hrs for us to all get our food, and even then there were some issues with wrong orders.
Not our servers fault , and I would hope that a smaller party wouldn't have the same wait as us, but I was surprised that they would set it up like that.
Also, the music is pretty loud inside.

We've been looking for a local place to go for a beer, and i think we've found it!
The waiter was great, he was also our bartender.
Food was good, beer was not only cold, but there were a lot of flavors to choose from.
This building has been a lot of different restaurants, I think this one is the one that will stay!

I have been to Spokes four or five times in the last year and I do enjoy the bar.
The beer list is strong and most of the servers, especially the bartenders, are very knowledgeable and helpful when picking out a brew.
My only gripe with the establishment is that I have never been very impressed with the food.
The menu is small, which alone is not really an issue, but I have yet to find something that I really enjoyed.
The service and beer selection is enough for me to continue visiting when I am in Tempe but ultimately it is not an establishment I would make a special trip to try.

I'm a regular here and it's great every time!
The food is done well consistently, each dish has a unique twist that makes it great.
The 3-pepper burger and the turkey enchiladas are particularly good.
The BBQ turkey sliders are my favorite appetizer.
Service is always friendly and attentive.
The place itself is clean and nicely decorated and is a great place for a laid-back night.
Hint: they support sports teams so if you bring your team there (I go with my softball team) they have special discounted beers and menu items for you!
My only negative is that sometimes service suffers when it gets busy, but they always apologize for that which is all I really need.
Overall, a wonderful place!

Good selection of beverages, and a damn good happy hour menu too!
I enjoy the food a lot and the staff is always friendly, accommodating, and helpful!

I have been coming into spokes for a while now.
I have looked passed them fudging up orders, having hazardous plastic material in my food, and not having patrons/frequent patrons served in a timely manor.
I don't care if I come in at 10 am or 1:30 am I should get the same service!
And for the most part that happens.
But when I come in on Tuesday night and the karaoke host's friends are there.... You better believe they will get what they want before the rest of the bar, whether it be drinks or songs.
I am very upset with the establishment and the karaoke company they employ.
This is not the first time that I have come to spokes and been denied a song.
Although we spend a lot of money at spokes, I don't believe I will be in to 'say hi' for a while.
And if I could find the karaoke company's yelp page I would have a lot more to post.
But I'll leave it at that.

Salmon was perfect, sweet potato-stuffed poblano was a little strange.
But great atmosphere and great service!
I'd come back ;)

Pros: Nice patio.
Good beer selection.
Tasty veggie tacos (with corn tortillas).
Nice server.
Cons: Sweet potato fries were more mushy than crispy.
Black beans were undercooked.
Hummus was mediocre.

The view of the pond is great; they also have ducks.
The food was 4.5 on a 5 scale and the service a 5.
They have outdoor seating with a fire grill table and plenty of lounge area.
Definitely a place to meet people to eat, drink and kick back.

The bartender here was super nice and funny.
He gave me great service and kept checking in on me, he was super friendly.
For lunch I ordered a salmon sandwich.
It was kind of weird because the salmon was fat and round, like a ball.
So you can imagine how awkward it would be to eat a ball in the middle of two slices of bread.
It was good, I love salmon, I just think they could have chose a thinner cut.
They had an excellent selection of craft beers and I think I may have over heard the bartender saying at least one was a nitro beer, oh yum.
I've been back several times with friends and the servers are hit or miss.
The selection of beer is excellent though.

I discovered this place on Yelp as part of my research for craft beer-serving restaurants near our hotel.
We've been to Four Peaks brewing.
We've been to San Tan Brewing.
I enjoyed both but for our very quick, less-than-24hour-trip, we hoped to find something close to the hotel with a menu that didn't mirror standard bar fare.
And did we find it!
We wandered in to see a sign that said "seat yourselves" so we found 2 great spots at the bar and settled in.
Our fabulous tender of the bar was David who quickly made it known that despite him being busy, he was there for us and that we were going to get along great.
And we did.
Fun conversation and camaraderie aside, David knew all there was to know about their beer list.
Including all the specialty sours on tap.
Now, I'm an IPA fan.
But after a tiny taste of the Sour Gose, I was intrigued.
I ordered another sour which was red in color.
As David put it, it would be a cocktail to enjoy especially if I was a red wine drinker.
Milder in sour-aspect and bright berry flavors.
For sure!
It was exactly that in a way I can't even describe.
I even went back and ordered the Gose.
David spoke very highly of the menu and their chef and explained that they roast all their turkey in house as well as make all their sauces.
My husband and I ordered the Farmer's Fry Basket to start which was a delicious combination of fried okra, fried green beans (the best!
), corn fritters, spicy pickles and cheese curds served with a spicy aioli and a cool tzatziki.
The green beans were seriously the best I've ever had with the perfect amount of batter.
Next we decided to share the turkey street tacos, which I had seen pictures of here on yelp.
It came with a side David suggested that we choose the poblano that was stuffed with a sweet potato mash and bacon with the spicy aioli.
Wow.
All I can say is yum!
The roasted turkey was moist and flavorful with cranberries and fried sweet potato shavings on top.
A perfect flavor and texture combination.
I had mine in a corn tortilla whereas my husband had flour.
We each enjoyed our tacos and the stuffed pepper was fab as well.
The pepper itself had some nice heat to it which you don't always get in poblanos.
The mash and bacon was a perfect combo and we would order it all again.
The next time we visit the Phoenix/Tempe area, we will definitely be back to explore more of the menu and craft beers!

Been coming to Spokes for their happy hour.
It is a nice place with a good happy hour.
Their chips and queso is amazing!
I highly recommend it!
Rumor has it they put IPA in it.. Super yummy!!

Easily the best bar in tempe.
Awesome beer and great service.
Their bartender Matt gives the best beer recommendations and server Justin is always on point checking in even when they're super busy.
This place never disappoints

