This was a very fun show and Tommy Wind is very talented.
In my opinion he should drop some of the music and focus more on the magic.
But a relatively inexpensive evening with a nice young entertainer.

Enjoyed the show.
Went with my family which included small kids.
Was a family friendly show and some of the illusions/tricks were spectacular.
Talented magician.
I agree with prior review that some of the instrument plays could be removed and more of a focus on the magic.
But overall I was pleased.

I liked the show a lot.
Good mix of magic and music.
Fun for all ages.
We sat right up front and some of the card tricks we didn't have a good line of sight.
He's talented as a magician and plays a lot of instruments.
The crowd interaction is tricky cause sometimes the people had a hard time answering simple questions.
Good show for your money.

What a bad show!
Bad production.
Audio wasn't working for first 10 mins of the show, so not entertaining.
I could see the "magic" before it happened.
The girls stepping into the box when they were not supposed to be seen.
I would not recommend to waste your money.

We had a great time!
Family friendly, we had an 11 year old that talked about it for days.
Very likeable magician, we were very entertained.

I was surprised that in the video that preceded the show indicated that several years back Tommy Wind was the Magician of the year for some organization.
The Tommy Wind show I saw this Tuesday was tired and shop worn.
He should first drop the instrumentals, they added nothing to the show or the magic.
Second get new magic tricks.
Every trick was at least a decade old.
As another reviewer noted you could see his assistant/fiance crawl into some of the boxes.
Also the sword catching the cards needs to have a silver string or wire going up the shaft.
The string or wire currently on his sword is dark, easily seen by the audience.
Also his attempts at humor was not funny.
I hope Tommy Wind will revamp his entire show.
I love magic and was sorry I had to write this review.
If you want to see an excellent magician go see Murray the Comic Magician.

Fun magic show, kept me entertained, I've seen most of the tricks before,but still liked it.

