Ah, Dunkin' Donuts.
How I love that you sprout up everywhere.
This one especially has a very well-spaced interior, many MANY outlets for all your techies and comfy chairs in the corner (under the TV sadly).
Still, great atmosphere for just relaxing and sipping coffee -- I did so for about half an hour on my first visit.
=)  One odd thing: Register placement.
But no big deal once you've visited your first time.
Walk in and walk all the way back.
It's not the first counter.
Oops.
Loveee getting a large coffee here for, like, $2 and some change.
And it's tasty!?
WHAAAT?!
Plus there's a drive-thru for all you on-the-go people!

Not a fan of the coffee (I know all the east-coasters will kill me) but the speed of service and efficient customer service makes me keep coming back.
I suck up the average coffee taste for better prices than Starbucks and a MUCH faster drive-through than the Starbucks on Rainbow.
The service is always speedy and kind, and they deliver a very consistent product.
Their espresso is great in my opinion.
Thank you for opening up in my neighborhood!

This was my first time at this location and I was very impressed.
The interior is warm and inviting, very clean and modern.
There are tables outside and yes they play music outside as well.
Now for the important part, the coffee was excellent and the customer service outstanding.
Thank you Charles and Jessica for making us feel welcome even though we arrived close to closing time.

This is the biggest Dunkin Donuts in Vegas.
I love the modern interior, it feels spacious & warm.
There's seating areas, all the outlets you could ask for, Wifi, friendly & quick service.
Charles & Jess were super nice, thank you both!
We'll be back for sure.
C :

This dunkin is awesome!
Friendly staff and great dunkin coffee.
Its always nice to have a coffee shop where you can plug in and get work or school work done.

You can't really go wrong with a coffee place.
Especially a franchise that specializes in making tasty Donuts and delicious Coffee.
As a VIP Host in Las Vegas, places like these help me keep my job in this sleepless town lol.

I go to this store because it's close to Design and Wine.
I usually just get coffee.
The fall flavors are out.
Pumpkin Colada (colatta) sp.
The people are friendly.
The best thing I like is the drive thru.
Yay

Smiling faces and spacious seating.
I love the service here and that deserves 5 stars.
You just don't get that anymore.
More selections on donuts would be awesome.

I love me some donuts and all things breakfast, but I was very disappointed with the quality of donuts and breakfast sandwiches at Dunkin Donuts.
The chocolate donut and the bacon egg and cheese sandwich are a recipes for an instant stomach ache.

If I'm running late to work and need a quick energy boost THIS is the place to go!
It's not the BEST iced coffee/latte, but it sure does pick me up especially for those sluggish mornings.
I really love their drive-thru which allows us all to stay in the warmth of our car without having to get out ;)  If you have a sweet tooth, you might want to ask for extra sugar or cream.
There's also that option to wait until you get to work to add on as much sugar and creamer as your little heart desires.
It's not Starbucks, but it'll do.

they finally changed the staff in this location!
The service is 10x better than it used to be, the food (cook to order) sandwiches are way better aswell so glad i gave this location another chance

What is so hard about getting an order right?
Terrible customer service and this is the 2nd time I've had to go back because they can't get an order right.
It's DOUGHNUTS!

I love Dunkin Donuts but this one was a let down.
Super slow service in the drive through...almost 10 mins for two black coffees and a donut.
Our order ended up wrong but we didn't have time to go back.
The donut wasn't great...hope they pick up their service and quality.

I love dunkin donuts, but when it comes to their other menu items, this pla e is horrible.
Hash browns were soggy, one of the orders had packing tape on the wrapper and the guy behind the counter was sagging.
It's time to pull up your pants.

