I don't have much to say, I love their food!
It is a pricey place, but like the saying goes, "You get what you pay".
I definitely suggest everyone who likes steak, must try their food at least once.

I love Ruth's Chris.
This location is the fifth one we've visited.
So we were surprised at the bumpiness of the service when we were there on Saturday.
Arrived with no reservations and grabbed a table in the bar area to eat.
That usually works well in the other Ruth's Chris, plus it's a good spot to people-watch.
Our waiter was friendly and settled us in with menus.
We ordered sparklling water and a glass of red wine.............and waited.
After about three apologies for the slowness in the wine arriving it came - mid-way through the salads.
Hmmm.
Dinner arrived, and as always, the steaks were a shining spot of happiness.
Perfectly cooked, sizzling plates, tender, yummy.
Blissfull.
Oh yes, the Cesar salad and potatoes were also perfect.
We never saw our waiter again.
Ever.
My wine was way long gone, something that would NEVER have happened at the other locations.
He didn't come back to check if everything was ok, if we wanted to order dessert.
Nada.
We had just been abandoned.
The GM was very kind and apologetic, but by then, we just wanted a check and to head out.
And then it took another 15 minutes to get the check.
So why the four stars?
Because Ruth's Chris is a fabulous place to eat.
The food is exceptional and worth the cost for a special occasion or if you just want a good chunk of perfect cow.
As soon as they work the bumps out from being in a new location, it will be killer.
But seriously, maybe wait a few weeks to let that all happen.

Only open 2 weeks but they've got it down.
Great service and food!
We had steak/lobster and sea bass, both excellent choices.
The chopped salad was excellent along with the presentation.
Our waiter, receptionist, and servers were all professional and very well trained!
All very polished, pretty people!
Loved it.
My favorite Ruth Chris restaurant ever!
Sorry DC!
...And the chocolate dessert put me in a coma!
So good.
A very romantic atmosphere for our last night in Vegas.
Thank you Ruth Chris for a great time!!
Can't wait to return!

Its a steakhouse!
Worth every penny.
The service and food is outstanding.

Best steakhouse I have ever been to!!!!
Awsome service make you feel like an Army of staff is serving you.
Shrimp DeJonghe is the BOMB.
Steak always cooked to perfection and flavor.

I don't mind paying for great steaks and great service - I've just had better.
The view of the strip is awesome from this location, one of the best in Vegas.
Steaks were good, not great.
Sides were some of the worst sides I've had.
The creamed spinach had a barn flavor to it.
No seriously it tasted just like a barn smells, leave the hay for horses.
Weird.
Also the asparagus came out looking yellow and limp.
The manager came by the table and we told them how disappointed we were in the sides - so he did take 1/2 off.
There are a lot of steak houses in Vegas, so I will be trying a different one next time.
(Maybe I've just been spoiled by the excellent steakhouses we have in Denver - where Ruth's Chris just recently closed it's location)

The Ruth Chris is on the site of the old Range Steakhouse.
While the decor has been modernized slightly and the kitchen has been totally remodeled, it is apparent that some things still haven't changed.
The waitstaff is still ~75% from the Range.
And it shows.
They are SO SLOW.
It took almost 45 mins for the waiter to come and take our orders.
By the time our entrees came, I was totally over it.
And, he made so many mistakes.
Some people's orders were forgotten.
And he gave us the wrong desserts.
Overall the food is good, but for what you're spending, the service does not make up for it.
Plus, even though it is a steakhouse, since some vegetarian guests are accompanying their friends, it would be nice if they had more non-meat options available.

I'd eagerly awaited eating here as I've heard good reviews from others.
The plates heated to 500 degrees is a gimmick that didn't impress me at all.
I think the bottom line is I like my steaks grilled, not broiled.
The sides (creamed spinach and mashed potatoes) were no better than what I make at home.
As for the atmosphere, it's a huge room and we had a nice view of the Strip.
The lighting was a bit too dim.
Nice staff.
We ordered wine and they brought us a 2006, not the 2010 we'd ordered.
Looked at the wine list again and ordered another bottle which they didn't have.
This restaurant had only been opened 3 or 4 weeks, and the wine list didn't reflect what they had in their cellar.
I wouldn't go to any Ruth's Chris again, it's not bad, it's just not the style of cooking that I prefer.

As a long time diner of earlier Ruth's Chris in Las Vegas, was wondering if the new location at Harrah' s would be as good or better.
Certainly better!
The room is up one floor from the Casino therefore noise wasn't a problem.
Service was excellent and not overbearing.
Overall a great experience.
We will return.

Ate at the new Ruth Chris in Harrah"s on the Strip in it was great.
Being a local I can eat anywhere.
Steaks were flavorful, atmosphere was lovely but what really set this place apart was the service!
My server was a man by the name of Lou.
The guy was friendly, honest & really made my wife & I feel like we were the only people in the entire room (which was the furtherest thing from the truth because this place was rockin!
)    He was really interested in our story.
It felt like we were back in "old Vegas" when people knew you by your name & not by how many points you have.
You can go anywhere for a steak but it is the service that really made this stick out.
The manager came to our table & wanted to know how the food & service was.
You can tell these are the things that are important to him.
Lou"s helper was a girl by the name of Dolly.
Very nice & she does alot more than just serve soda & water.
You can see  the team works well together.
Be prepared when your steaks arrive to have a small army serve you & DON'"T TOUCH THE PLATES because they are smokin hot!
I asked the server if the staff was always this friendly & he said that his staffs mantra is that they have no desire to just serve food but to help create memories.
If the entire staff feels the same as this guy it won't be long until we have a new best steakhouse in Las Vegas.
Only negative aspect (I mean REALLY small) is the hostess" seem a tad slow & a bit ditzy.
) Overall if you"re reading this don't think twice about going anywhere else!
Just eating dinner with this guy Lou is worth the price!

Wow!
Loved this place, I forgot I was in harrahs during the meal.
i only got out like to places like this for special occasions and this place delivered, maybe the service maybe was a little over board, but hey when in rome...
The hostess whose name i didnt get was very pleasant, made nice conversation with me on the way to my beautiful table with an amazing view.
The service was spot on, I made sure to get there names because they made me feel like a king Soyun and Josh where the ones servicing my meal, they made a great team.
The 500 degree plates is a very cool concept, I guess thats their niche.
The food was a bit pricey but nothing too crazy.
It is the strip and its Ruth Chris.
The place is new and you can tell by the decor they put some serious money into the place, it really added to the experience.

I want to start off by saying I have eaten at a Ruth's Chris before.
I've eaten at the one in Denver and the one in San Diego.
This one blew those two out of the water.
The service was unlike anywhere I have ever eaten.
By far the best service experience I have ever had.
Adam was our server and he said he was new to the Ruth's Chris here in Vegas but that he had worked for the company for many years.
This definitely showed he answered every question we could come up, we even tried to stump him but to no avail.
He kept us laughing and entertained throughout our entire dining experience.
He was very funny and charming really loved engaging with him.
Now on to the food WOW just WOW.
Adam recommended the Spicy Lobster and it was unbelievable.
Kind of reminded me of a bang bang shrimp from Bonefish but much better.
Then I had the Cowboy Ribeye oscar style and my wife had the filet oscar style.
Adam said it was the only way to have a steak with the crab cake and bernaise sauce, and boy was he right.
Was easily the best steak i've ever had.
Adam also suggested the sweet potato casserole, I'm not even a big fan of sweet potato, but this dish was unbelievable.
It was like a desert.
My wife and I really enjoyed our experience all in all, we loved Adam and will definitely ask for him when we come in again, as should you.
Ruth's Chris really went above and beyond great great experience.
Thank you to everyone there.
We will be back soon.

Conclusion: Not worth the price.
The Good:  Delicious sweet potato casserole with pecan crust.
They split our orders onto separate plates.
We mentioned it was our anniversary and they gave us a chocolate cake.
The Bad:  Tough steak... dry.
Not worth the price!
Staff felt like they were "trying" but the true feel of "fine dining" was not there.
The staff may have been trained, but they just couldn't get the little touches to complete the fine part of fine dining.
For example:  - the staff would get into the way while they attempt to pour water.
- Staff would interrupt the conversation to ask their question.
I was going to finish my sentence before letting the staff ask their question, but she rudely interrupted.
- We had to ask wait staff to find our waiter to get our check  - They never cleaned the table throughout the appetizers, salad, entrees, etc.
- The items above were all things that the staff in San Diego's Ruth's Chris was very good at.
I read a review saying the old business at this Las Vegas location was another steakhouse but Ruth's Chris now has a majority of the staff from that location.
If the old staff was not truly capable of "fine dining", this Ruth's Chris staff will only bring down the experience of what this restaurant could bring.
(Perhap's Ruth's Chris has a contract with Harrah's to use existing staff.
either way, not a good wait staff for this type of restaurant.
)  Cowboy ribeye at San Diego's Ruth's Chris, is my all time favorite.
I've had it 4-6 times.
This Las Vegas location, seemed like they sourced their steak meat from the buffet.
Perhaps Harrah's has a vendor they go through for all the food of all the restaurants inside their property, which would limited Ruth's Chris quality.

This Ruth's Chris Steakhouse is the busiest of all of their many locations (if I heard it explained correctly).
It is located inside Harrah's casino, and has a beautiful view (especially in the evening) of the Las Vegas Blvd and The Forum Shop across the street from the bar and most of the dining area.
To get to the restaurant look for the pair of elevators with the Ruth's Chris Steakhouse signage nearby.
If you can't locate it,I am sure one of the Harrah's staff will be happy to provide direction or perhaps even escort you there.
(Disclaimer)  I was at this Ruth's Chris Steakhouse recently for a private function, therefore I will primarily limit my comments on the service, food, and overall dining experience.
First, the decor and overall ambiance was very pleasant.
The lighting is dim, not conducive to food photography (unless you have really good camera gears that are capable of low light photography), as you don't want to disturb other guests with your flash photography.
But the view of the Strip and automobiles and pedestrians below is almost hypnotic.
(4.5/5)  The staff that waited on us were a good group.
Rene our server was exceptional, and was knowledgeable about the menu, including details not printed on the menu, as well as the trivia about the oven temperature for preparing steaks (1,800 degrees) and warming the plates that the steaks and most other entrees are served on (500 degrees for the plate, so don't get burn).
(5/5)  Highlights of their menu:  Cowboy (USDA Prime Beef Bone-In) Ribeye.
If you love a good steak cooked to your desired doneness, they have excellent steaks.
Portion size is 22 oz, including the bone.
Caesar Salad:  Very common in most restaurants, but they prepared a really good one here.
(4.5/5)  Seafood Gumbo.
A milder version of the gumbo that will suit the palette of most guests.
I personally like my seafood gumbo with more kick, at least from the Andouille sausage and seasoning.
(3.5/5)  Barbecued Shrimp.
Used barbecue spices in the sauce (which is very delicious and would go great with the breads from the bread basket), but the Jumbo Gulf shrimp is sauteed not grilled.
(4.5/5)  Sweet Potato Casserole.
Of the sides we ordered (French Fries, would be better if it was double fried or more crispy; Creamed Spinach, no complaints; Potatoes Au Gratin, no complaints), the Sweet Potato Casserole was the only one we completely finished.
It is sweet, has a nice crunchy crust, and I liked it with my entree, but could also enjoy it as a substitute of their normal dessert options.
(5/5)  Banana Cream Pie.
Generous portion, easily shared with 2-4 dining companions, if you even have room to spare after a steak dinner.
Overall, everyone at the table was extremely happy with the service, food and had a blast.
5 stars!

The service was terrible!
The asparagus was gross and soggy, almost like out of a can!
The holandase (sp) sauce was gross as well.
My baked potatoe was cold which was very disappointing!
My steak was over cooked, which I was hoping would save the evening.
We complained to our server, but she didn't seem interested.
She was more interested in flirting with the table behind us with which she constantly checked up on, but totally ignored us!
The manager was just as unhelpful.
Save your time and your money...go somewhere else!

I was very much looking forward to a nice dinner out with my husband, and Ruth's Chris seemed to be a good choice given all of the hype I'd heard about it from friends who had visited other locations.
When we were seated, our server poured our waters and managed to get some in the glass as the ice chunks splashed puddles onto our tablecloth.
Our server was nice enough, but not extremely attentive overall.
I ordered a bottle of wine, and 10 minutes later was presented a different bottle of wine.
I decided to keep that bottle because I have enjoyed it before and I didn't want to wait for another bottle.
Once our glasses were poured, it was another 20-ish minutes before the server came to check on us again- I ended up pouring my own wine because I didn't want to wait any longer.
My husband (Vegetarian) had the terrific option (sarcasm meter going off) of choosing any 3 sides.
Come on RC, a $50/plate restaurant can't keep some pasta noodles in the pantry and throw together a nice veggie and pasta dish?
I understand we were at a steak house, but it would have been nice to provide an option other than a bunch of sides disguised as an entree.
My "medium" steak came out well done, and the wrong veggies were delivered with my husband's 'entree'.
Fortunately they fixed the error quickly, but given the series of errors, it was beginning to get ridiculous.
Eventually the manager walked by who was very kind and pleasant to speak with.
He seemed genuinely concerned about our satisfaction and apologized for the many errors we endured.
As we waited for our check, our server brought over a piece of chocolate cake with "Thank you" written in chocolate, as an apology from the manager.
Now this cake, was probably one of the most amazing desserts I have ever eaten.
Very rich, very decadent, and enough for two of us to easily share- the cake, was the stuff dreams are made of!
I wanted to come back to the restaurant later that evening just to get another piece of that cake (I didn't do it- but the thought genuinely crossed my mind!).
That gesture of good will has changed my mind from a "will never return" to a "we might give RC a second chance after all.

Finally!
Ruth's Chris is back in Vega$.
This location is located upstairs at Harrah's Casino.
As with any Ruth's Chris, the ambiance is awesome.
As soon as we exited the elevators, we were greeted right away by 2 gorgeous Hostesses.
We were seated right away.
Our seating location overlooking the Strip.
A pretty awesome view.
Our server Josh was very attentive.
Cant go wrong with the Surf and Turf, filet and lobster tail.
Ohhh and the BBQ Shrimp as an appetizer is awesome especially if you dip your bread in the sauce.
Had a great meal and everyone of their staff was very attentive and friendly.
Our server Josh even cut and served the cake we brought.
Thanks Josh!
I love Ruth Chris's experience especially now they are back in Vega$.

Not all Ruth Chris Steakhouses are the same.
The servers are sincere but the food could not match.
Day old bread, croutons from the box, microwaved potato, steak that was not only full of ribbons of fat but cooked to the point that it would qualify as charcoal.
A franchisee that should be kicked out of the system if the parent wants to save its reputation.

the place was nice, the service was great from our server.
The part I was most dissatified with is that we ordered an appetizer, salad, sides, steaks and crab legs.
It was delicious until the frozen crab legs came out.
Three pieces for like 50.00 REALLY?
I ordered my steak med rare and when it sizzled on the plate it was medium almost well.
Just pink.
I still enjoyed the taste and we went on a business dinner, but I had to pay for it I think that I would be upset with the crab legs and the steak.
Let's clarify this, I mentioned it to the Donald Bishop the general manager when he casually came by and ask us how everything was.
I told him it was great except for the crab legs he asked why and I told him, based on that I thought he would give us a dessert (even though we couldn't eat another bite).
Instead he thank us for the feed back.
I didn't say it for something it was the truth, but for him to not even just comp it because it was still on the table.
I think for a place like that he could have done somthing about this.
If I am wrong please let me know.
I am a business owner myself and I know customer service is everything.
This was not really customer service to me.
He just gave me his card and said to call him for our next visit.
Really what does that mean?
I took a coworker her because she has never been, well I doubt we will be ever back.
Or we have to know we order STEAK not seafood.

Ate here before a show.
Very nice strip view location.
Another great steakhouse feel restaurant.
Our waiter was "Greek" and he was wonderfully upbeat, talkative and helpful and was a good listener.
Had pre dinner cocktails - Mai tai for my wife, Hurricane for me.
They were exceptional!
Started by sharing a very good lobster bisque and it was real nice (though I realize this dish is tough to screw up).
I had the Harvest salad while wife had the Chopped salad, both WERE exceptional!
My wife had BBQ shrimp for dinner and cleaned her plate.
'Nuff said?
I has a NY strip and while it was a tad more done than the medium rare I ordered, it was still the typical Ruth's Chris steak.
It doesn't make my top five all time list, which does include a Ruth's Chris btw, but was firm, tasty and tender!
Overall a fantastic experience!

My wife and I were really looking forward to dinner at RC.
.but overall we were disappointed.
Let me start out with some positives .
the setting, our table by the window and our server were excellent.
Josh took really good care of us.
We found our server as well as other staff members to be quite attentive.
I ordered a fillet and my wife ordered the Cowboy Rib Eye.
We both ordered our steaks medium rare .
well, they didn't come out that way .
they were more medium to medium well and the cooking was very inconsistent.
We both think it has to do with the cooking process .
they boast that they cook the steaks at 1000 degrees and then bring them to your table on a plate that is 500 degrees.
But what happens is that the steak continues to cook on the plate so that when it arrives .
it is medium well on the outside .
and continues to get more done the longer it is on the plate.
And what's with all the butter on the steak?
Both steaks were covered in butter and it pooled on the plate.
.both steaks were a bit salty as well.
the cut of meat seemed good .
it didn't need all that butter and salt on it.
The sides are extra at $10 each .
the baked potato was good and the creamed spinach was excellent.
As for the deserts .
the chocolate cake was excellent and the creme brulee was good.
In summary, we won't be going back to RC anytime soon as there are several steak houses that a much better and actually more reasonable .
to give just a few examples, I would rather go to Carve at Eastside Cannery; Fuego at the Fiesta; Hanks at GV Ranch; or one of my favs Hugo's Cellar on Fremont Street.
Lastly, before RC, this restaurant was called The Range.
I miss that place as it was much better than RC's.
Johnny the bartender was great too .
.but he left after he tried a month or two at RC .
now I know why he left.

Great dinner as ALWAYS!
Sat in the bar nice friendly bartenders.
YES, the steaks are incredible, however we chose the BURGER!!!
I have been dying for burger and this is a definite back up option from their "Prime" steaks selection.
Started with cocktails , just DEVINE and the Blu Cheese stuffed olives in the Martini's a nice touch.
Chose the Spicy Lobster app, DEEEELISH!
You cannot go wrong dining @ Ruth's

We made a last minute decision to eat at Ruth Chris before we went to see Celine Dion.
We parked at Harrah's and then walked to Ceasars after our delicious dinner.
Everything was great.
Service was great...Beth was our server and she was in a cheery mood, welcomed us, talked with us and then made some great suggestions and was not bummed that we were NOT drinking or ordering wine.
Food was perfect, steaks cooked exactly the way we like them.
All 3 of us have different ways to have our steaks prepared.
To top it off, the executive Chef stopped by our table to see how dinner was....that was very cool and appreciated.
Desert was as good as the steaks.
There is not one thing I'd suggest to have made our meal and experience better.
:-)

My family and I were visiting from Hawaii and my dad has a friend that works at this Ruth Chris location so we decided to stop in.
We enjoyed our time, ordered a couple bottles of wine a few appitizers and I ordered the rib eye for my main entree.
Sadly, I had to get it cooked 3 times for it to come out "perfect.
" Totally my fault, because I feel absolutely totally uncorfortable sending back items due to me working in the food and bev industry.
However, the staff was amazing and great great great customer service!

Food was great as usual for this place.
Great location.
Looks out over strip, good for people watching.
Was not crowded and we were able to get easy reservations.

Fantastic!
The food, service & restaurant itself !
Our server John was the best, he knew the dishes inside and out.
Cocktails were perfect !

I'll give it you, Ruth.
You figured out the perfect business model: Dare to charge opulent prices for an 'exclusive experience' and everyone's gotta have it.
Hell, I did.
I wanted that exclusive 500 degree sizzling plate people 'ooh and ahh' over.
Gotta be honest.
I remember more about burning my thumb on that plate than I do the steak.
My $59 hockey-puck-sized petite filet was in fact, perfectly cooked and bursted of buttery carniverous delight.
So you won there, Ruth.
Oddly, the flavor I remember most is the nuked rubbery seaweed flavored shrimp resting atop such a beautiful cut of roast beast.
The salad and sides were good, but not memorable.
Same w the creme brulee.
Unfortunately, I can't find a true hero in the Ruth's Chris experience.
There's nothing I can say about this place, be it the vibe, service or food that justify the price.
Especially since you can, (with a quick Google-search and some tenacity), learn how to make a steak surpisingly comparable to Ruths for 1/2 the cost.
If you know this, you walk away feeling a bit duped, even a little angry.
The server's had sold me on the fact that the beef we were about to eat is the top 3% in America.
In all fairness to Ruth, there's simply no way to give the time and attention required to make every steak great and pump them all out in a night.
Ruth knows you don't understand this.
Thats why they've got you in their restaurant.
The guy sitting next to me got the most expensive cut on the menu (the $100 cowboy ribeye) and offered me a bite (It damn near burned my mouth it was so hot.
) The number 1 food crime in America is not letting your steak rest before served.
How could u do this to a man who just paid $100 bucks for a slice of cow?
And I hate saying this but it tasted so damn....average.
Not even half as good as the $27 ribeye I got at Pappy's way out in the desert.
After all the great things I've heard Ruth.
We gotta talk.

We had a group dinner here.
Since there were 20 of us, we are always concerned that there will not be adequate service, someone's meal will come out late, etc.
as this normally happens when we assemble.
The service was fantastic!
There was never an empty water glass, drinks were replenished with phenomenal speed, and our food was brought to us without even a hint of a hiccup.
The quality of the food was also fantastic.
Everything was cooked as ordered, and was fabulous.
Yes, it is a little pricy.
However, you get what you pay for.
In my opinion, this restaurant is a great value in light of the return.

The online happy hour promotion indicated a $7.99 specials, but the menu stated $11.
The decor and venue are top quality and relaxing, we settled down and ordered prime sliders and steak sandwich.
My friend devoured her sliders as if she had not eaten in a week (I happen to know she went out to lunch that day, so hunger was not the reason).
The sizzling steak smell wafts through the restaurant and her inner carnivore was triggered.
My steak sandwich was divine.
They take the ends of the filet mignon and cut into big chunks.
Cooked perfectly, extremely tender, and full of Ruth Chris flavor.
Our waiter, Jonathan, was very attentive and we did not have to ask for anything.
Water, bread and appropriate attention was provided for our 3 hour chat-fest.
We've decided this is currently our favorite spot in LV, though our research continues.
A visit by the manager with personal invitation to return was our final hoorah for this restaurant and location.
We will be back soon!

We had never been to a Ruth's Chris steak house because there isn't one in our area.
We were thrilled that one opened in Harrah's in Las Vegas, as we stay there a few times a year.
I ordered the filet, and my BF ordered the ribeye.
My filet was the best I've ever had (and I've had a few in my day!
)  The ribeye was such a disappointment.
fatty, and just not very good.
Our waitress asked how our dinners were, and we told her.
She commented that the ribeye was surprisingly below standard, compared to rest of their steaks.
It would have been nice to know that when we were ordering!
Still, the sides, and the sevice and the atmosphere were great and we'll go back

I have been to many Ruth Chris Steakhouses and they are always delicious and a treat.
We recently visited the Ruth Chris Steakhouse in Las Vegas in the Harrahs Casino.
The manager there, a large african amercian, sorry I don't know his name, when asked he said "Bill Cosby", was the most rudest incompetent manager I have ever seen!
We had a issue with the bill and when he came to our table he was rude, sloppy, and pretty much said "if you don't like it, get out!
"  I was shocked!!
I called corporate and they said they have no control over them as they are a franchise.
He doesn't deserve to be a manager, he has no people skills and is as I said, very incompetent.
I am very disapointed with the powers that be there at that restaurant that they allow such a man to be a manager at their restaurant.
If he was like this with me I am sure he is with others, so hopefully they will see the truth about this man.

Great mini-moon dinner here.
Located one floor up from the Harrah's casino area is where this RC is at.
very elegant space overlooking the Strip.
the restaurant itself is also wide open with and inner and outer area.
our server was just an awesome dude.
very helpful, even after we told him this was our 5th RC visit.
explained the hot oven and hot plate thing.
old habits die hard so we stuck with our favorite starter the beefsteak tomato/onion and arugala salad.
that one may have just have been the best one we've had at any of their locations.
mama got the stuffed chicken and got the cowboy ribeye.
both were absolutely delicious.
they even got us a flourless chocolate cake for our mini-moon.
very cool.
great place and we'll definitely be back.

Ruth's Chris Steak House is visually fantastic.
The ambiance is relaxing, yet the decor adds a bit of a sophisticated touch.
The windows that line the side of the restaurant provide a great view, especially in the evening.
With that said, when you sit down in this steak house, your expectations are already high.
We had an extremely large group of people.
Roughly 50+ people were there who are a part of our Sales Organization.
With this in mind, we had a limited menu which was no problem at all.
They did a great job of taking care of each person.
They had about 6 or 7 waiters who took care of us.
I think the longest my wine glass went empty was for 5 minutes...impressive when you think about how many people we rolled in with.
Soooo why the 2 star rating?
Because the steak I ordered was horrible.
I know I could be a touch more gracious here, but no joke....it was not good.
The cut was fine, it was thick, tender, it looked like heaven.
However....this is the part that gets me.
Butter.
Yes I just said....Butter.
My steak was floating in a plate of....Butter.
Is it just me?
Perhaps this is some new fancy thing that's beyond my palate, but DO NOT EVER soak my steak in melted butter.
What I didn't care for was that the buttery taste took over the whole steak.
As I said previously, expectations were already set when I first walked in.
I was expecting a stellar steak, which didn't happen this time.
Also, there wasn't any type of indication that it was going to be prepared that way, if so...I would've opted for one of the other selections we had to choose from.
The sides were good, bread....mashed taters and of course wine were all spot on.
I could probably be a little more forgiving, but for me ambiance and decor don't get the lion share of the ratings.
I would eat dinner in a box on the street and give it 5 stars if the food was spectacular, probably note in the review that the box was a little small......but none the less, I would still drop 5 stars if it was fantastic.

The Experience:  I came here for my girlfriend's B-Day in Vegas with friends from Cen Cal and it was highly recommended to us by family and it didn't disappoint!
It was hard to find at first as we thought it was a stand alone building, but it is in the Harrah's casino by way of a private elevator which was a good start since it made it feel like an exclusive club.
The smell was amazing walking in and everyone was very nice.
Our waitress in particular was funny and attentive and fun to talk to.
The view was great as the windows are along the strip and you can people watch all at the same time.
It's quiet and is a nice break from the hustle of the strip.
We ordered drinks and they came out quick, very well made, and I was accommodated for the certain way I eat steak without making a big deal of it like other restaurants.
I order steaks black and blue and they pulled through.
The filet was seasoned perfect and I had potatoes au gratin on the side.
Everything was so rich and buttery I couldn't finish.
I also had a Franciscan Cab come out with dinner and it paired perfect for what I was looking for.
The Dirty Truth:  Our waitress was a huge part in my rating, nice, and engaging, but knew when to leave us to our experience.
What I didn't like was they had a guy (who was also nice) walking around taking pictures and selling them at the end of the meal.
Kinda takes the class of the place down a notch, too novelty.
Plus it's that awkward moment of not wanting to feel cheap, but I have Instagram, so I kind of take my own pictures at this point, y'know?
The steak (although I ordered blue) was more cooked than I thought it would be, but it's kind of a special thing so I'm not too mad.
The Cab was supposed to come out with the dinner, but I had to ask for it again when it didn't.
The manager came up to us and thanked us for eating with them and gave us free drink coupons for next time, I thought that was cool.
Everyone seemed to enjoy their time and all in all, it was a great way to celebrate a birthday!
The Stats:  Ambiance: Business Casual Food: Great Service: Excellent!
Cost: Pricey

Came with a group of 9 and had dinner in their glass enclosed private area which was very nice because we still had a good evening view but didn't have to worry about disturbing other patrons being loud.
The ambiance was nice for a steakhouse and was on point with other fine steakhouses.
Our main complaints came from the service.
We had 2 waiters and a water girl.
We were there for a celebration so 2 bottles of champagne were ordered and unfortunately our main waiter tried to pour them over us at the table and managed to spill a decent amount on the table.
No other drink orders were ever offered, besides the glass of water everyone gets.
We didn't notice at the time because we were having a good group conversation so straight to the steaks.
Our 2 waiters were stuffy and didn't seem very interested in doing a good job.
I assume it's because a large group already includes gratuity but it may be incompetence.
My steak came out medium when ordered medium rare but was still delicious.
Sadly the most inexperienced of the servers, the water girl, was by far the best and most attentive to us throughout the meal.
The pre-steak bread and butter was plain and unimpressive.
The sweet potato casserole was excellent, and the only side worth eating of the four we ordered.
With so many viable steak options in Vegas I wouldn't eat here.
4 or 5 star prices require 4 or 5 star service and we ended up getting 1 to 2 star service from our main 2 waiters.

Dissapointed.
Filet was dry..for the money you spend..they should serve a better quality.
This was our third time (different cities of course) and I will not frequent the restaurant again..there are to far too many good steakhouses out there to waste my money on this one...one large potato for $11...silly..I am done with them..

We've eaten at other Ruth's Chris restaurants over the years and they never disappoint.
The bill will be high but you know that walking in.
All of the things we were looking for, good table great food and good service tied in.
Tried to get our waiter taking our group picture while we had the meals in front of us and he was too busy.
It was a Friday night so I'll cut him some slack.
He DID take a great picture but all the plates were empty.
Not a deal breaker.
Spent over 3 hours there with friends I hadn't seen in years and there was no attempt for us to empty the table.
A great evening.

After a long day working a booth at a convention, time just sorta stood still when I took my first bite of my medium rare, perfectly prepared ribeye.
The sizzling plate added the perfect audio accompaniment to the other senses that were bursting with cutlery pleasure.
My only regret is that I had to stop this incredible dining sensation when I sadly became stuffed too soon.
I look forward to returning again for another moment in time.

Prime Rib melts in your mouth.
I like the idea you can order the thickness of your meat and cut  right in front of you.
The prices on the menu of this restaurant is well worth your dining experience.
The service is great.
The location is off the strip so you are not rushed and can actually enjoy a nice dining experience with anyone, Family or just friends.

I had been looking forward to trying this restaurant for a long time.
Last weekend I was in Las Vegas and I finally did.
This is a beautiful restaurant and with our window seat it was great for eating and people watching.
We were seated right away but it took a little while for our server to take our order.
I had the rib eye steak and my son had the lamb chops, both were great, generous portions.
I understand finishing the steak with butter but this was too much (a bit greasy) for my taste.
We shared the wedge salad, a baked potato and the broccoli au gratin.
Dinner was a bit pricey but occasionally I guess it's okay.
Small problem with the salad course.
The server was very attentive and later "comped" us a dessert, the chocolate expresso cheesecake - yummy!

I can't believe I forgot to yelp this place!!
My wife and I went for our first anniversary.
The staff was amazing!
They didn't even blink an eye when two women came in celebrating their wedding.
We ordered champagne.
Of course we got the cheapest bottle on the menu.
The manager came and told us they were out of that one, but would we mind this ($120) bottle?
Uh yea!
Hand it over!
Our food was RC quality all the way.
Not a single complaint.
And then complimentary dessert!!
I cannot wait to return!

December 13, 2013 was the day of our visit.
My wife and a friend were y their birthdays.
The steak was as good or better than any place I've eaten a filet.
The Sweet Potato dish was fantastic as were the desserts; bread pudding and the flourless chocolate cake they brought with a candle in it for the birthday people.
The service was friendly and efficient.
I hope to visit the Scottsdale, AZ location asap.
Ironically our waiter was from my home town (Albany, NY) and we actually lived in the same two neighborhoods years ago.
He was the best.
Give him a raise.
Thank you for an excellent meal.

As usual the Filet steaks are about the best.
The Service was excellent and the ambiance supurb.
I new that the bill was going to be expensive so I was not surprised when it came.
I would recommend this restaurant highly.

Third time to one of these chains and it never disappoints.
Good food, great service and they were able to get us seated quickly.

Forgot to write them up after our visit in October.
I have eaten at several RC's and this one takes the cake for service and quality of food.
Hit most of them in every major city and wasn't planning on eating dinner here.
It was dumb luck as my wife didn't want to walk anymore and wanted food immediately.
Lucky for me we were in front of Harrah's.
Walked right in and had the best experience at a RC yet.
Way to go folks in Vegas.
Locations I have eaten at are:  Annapolis, Atlantic City, Anaheim, DC (don't go to that one), San Francisco, San Diego, Orlando (thought the folks there were a little racist), Chicago (there are better steak houses than RC in Chicago), St. Louis, Midtown NYC, Charlotte, PDX and Seattle to name a few.
Business trips are nice for eating at good restaurants.
Don't like to give out 5-stars as the establishment can't go up from there.
But in this case it was deserving.

Overall great experience at a fine Vegas steak house.
Our server was actually pretty chatty, discussing the cold streak in the Midwest.
I had the basic filet, medium rare.
It was a 2-inch thick piece of perfection.
Nice and warm all the way through, but good and red center.
Sides of asparagus and broccoli were good but not great.
Wine selection was nice and broad, with cheapest bottle around $40.

We were worried that this location wouldn't live up to the Ruth's Chris name because it is on the Strip.
It was delicious as always.
Wonderful service.
Beautiful view.

I love steaks.
I love Ruth's Chris.
I took my entire team here for a dinner and they were incredibly flexible with me when it came to my reservation.
I forgot to call ahead and they managed to squeeze me in within 2 hours of me calling for a group of 7.
What I did like was the level of service that we got, that you normally expect from a Ruth's Chris steakhouse and the overall quality of the steaks and sides.
We got plenty of appetizers, including the calamari and seared ahi tuna which were both delicious and then all of us ended up ordering different steaks and I got myself a Filet Mignon.
It came out a bit too burnt on the outside and arguably medium-well rather than the medium I had ordered.
My normal experience at steakhouses is that they usually undercook from what you order so if you order a steak medium rare it comes out almsot rare and when you order a steak well, it comes out medium well.
This way, they never overcook the meat or have to give you a new steak if you're unhappy with the grill.
Normally, I would say that I was just being picky, but one of my colleagues ended up actually sending his steak back because he too ordered a medium steak and it ended up coming out medium-well.
The desserts were fantastic and delicious and overall, the meal was very filling and satisfying.
No matter that it cost me about $100 a head, we enjoyed ourselves.
However, I would like to point out to the restaurant's management that they should consider slightly undercooking, not overcooking their steaks.
And that they should re-train some of their waitstaff as our waiter constantly tried upselling us on sparking mineral water throughout the meal.
Keep in mind that we had already ordered two bottles and some cocktails.
Also, one of the waitresses that came by ended up pouring a half glass of still water into a glass of sparkling water without asking before pouring.
This also may require some retraining of the staff as it wouldn't be a problem if they didn't charge extra for sparking mineral water.
Overall, my experience was okay but this location definitely needs work when compared to the Ruth's Chris of San Diego and Del Mar.

This place was fantastic!
The cocktails were spot on and the food was outstanding.
I got the petite filet which melted in my mouth and my friend got the lobster tail which was just as delicious.
Definitely with it!

Amazing food!
Best place for dinner in Vegas.
I'm from LA but I go to LV often and I never come without eating here.
The restaurant is very nice and when you go in the evening Fri-Sun most of the people are dressed quite nice so it's a bit awkward to go in jeans and a t-shirt if you're not a teenager/kid.
Reservations is a must because they get very crowded and no one wants to wait all night to eat.
The food is very expensive.
I went with 5 other people and the bill was almost $400 but the food is worth it if you're willing to pay a bit more.

Oooh!
A fancy steakhouse!....Cynthia likes!!
=) Ruth Chris is located on the second level of Harrah's casino level.
If you ever get lost or have no idea where to find the elevators that would take you up to Ruth Chris, don't hesitate to ask an employee.
Parked his car in valet because it was quick and convenient.
This place isn't cheap....the two of us ran the bill to about $200.00.
But of course, appetizers, soup and salad and wine were ordered as well as our entrees + side dishes.
I ordered the lobster bisque soup while my date ordered a wedge salad.
LOBSTER BISQUE SOUP: My soup was delicious.
Although...I think they used a mushroom based broth (if that makes any sense) because I don't like mushrooms and I can recognize that distinct mushroom taste.
And it was certainly in my soup.
Yucky but it wasn't unbearable.
PETITE FILET MIGNON: The petite is 8 oz.
and the larger size is 11 oz.
My date and I both ordered the 8 oz.
and it was PERFECT sized.
OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!
The flavoring and seasoning they cooked their steaks with were perfect!
Even though I ordered my filet (and any steaks) WELL DONE...it wasn't dried at all.
Each bite completely melts in my mouth.
You can tell the quality here is ON POINT.
NOTE: Your steaks and any other entrees do not come with any other side dishes.
So if you want mashed potatoes or veggies....you gotta order it.
Each dish is more than enough to share between two grown adults.
POTATOES AU GRATIN: I'm a sucker for all potatoes.
So potatoes with cheese melted on top?
UMMM....THIS is like an orgasm in my mouth!!!!
Amazing side dish!
Must order if you're in love with potatoes like me.
SAUTEED SPINACH WITH GARLIC: Don't be afraid of the garlic...there was only a small hint of the taste.
Definitely not strong enough to leave any garlic breath.
Service was great the entire night.
They were attentive to our drinks and kept checking back on us throughout the night to see how everything is going.
The dessert menu was offered at the end of our meals but we were just too full.
He recommended the banana cream pie?
Sooo....perhaps you can give that a try?
Also, this is a fancy restaurant.
My date and I were dressed to the nines but I did see a couple people in very casual attire.
Come on guys.
Please dress the part.
Don't come to a $$$$ steakhouse and wear something that belongs to a $ establishment.

My husband and I had dinner here 2 weeks ago with friends.
We had such a fantastic time.
I ordered the petite filet medium rare with creamed spinach and both were orgasmically delicious!!!
Everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed there meal and experience.
Service was top notch as well as the view we had from our booth.
I highly recommend going here for any special occasion or just because.
I am a lover of red meat and they knocked it out of the park!!!
We have been to the one in Palm Desert and that Ruth's just does not measure up to this one as far as the food goes.
My husband and I have been here a few times now and they never fail!!!
Yummy yummy for your tummy!!

What a great restaurant!
We came here the week they opened for Super Bowl weekend and returned a year later for another great meal.
My sea bass with lobster and crab, hubby's steak melted in your mouth, great broccoli and potatoes.
So full we couldn't enjoy a dessert!
I do wish they had more selections of Chardonnay by the glass.
It's good for those of us that have spouses that don't drink much.
I can't drink a whole bottle by myself.
The glass of wine I drank was very good.
The service, as usual, was awesome.
See you again!

First time here at Ruth's Chris and I am celebrating my 25th Birthday.
The ambiance is really nice and intimate.
Very spacious and its on the 2nd floor of The Harrahs so you kind of get a view of the strip.
I ordered the Filet Medium Oscar Style and my GF ordered the Ribeye Medium with Bleu Cheese crust.
The filet Oscar style was really good, nice and tender and the asparagus was still crunchy.
The crab meat was a little too fishy for me but still good.
My GF's ribeye was really good as well nice and tender cut like butter.
Overall the food was good, but I think it was overpriced.
They didn't make me feel special as if it were my birthday, our server even checked my ID and didn't say happy birthday until we finally told her it was.
For those of you who haven't tried Ruths Chris I suggest you try it once.

Just plain good... Great food and service and you can't get better than that.
A group of friends and family went for my friends Lea's birthday and it was the perfect place.
The Cowboy steak was amazing and I loved the sweet potato.
... Yum

Reviewing T-Bone Steak.
By far the best steak I've ever had.
Top quality meat seasoned and cooked absolutely perfectly.
The steak was so good, I didn't bother with the bread or the two side dishes we ordered!
Service is top shelf and expected in a place like this.
If you've never been to a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, you've got to try it.
I highly recommend reservations.
FYI: Restaurant is located in the run down Harrah's Casino, but they are a separate entity entirely.
You take a special elevator to the second floor and when the door opens, you're in the restaurant.
Windows all around.
View of courtyard between the hotels is stunning.
Neon everywhere, very Las Vegas!

Hole-e-shit.
This place is expensive.
Don't kid yourself.
It is one of those places that you go to when you want to treat yourself, or the people you are with, good.
I mean REAL good.
You will drop at least $150/pp.
The fillet was $56.
I got the lobster tail which was Marketing Price/$100.
It.was.huge.
It could have been slightly less cooked, however, still delicious.
Everyone was sharing their cuts of meat, which are a la cart.
I tasted the Rib eye, fillet, lamb.
All delicious and mouth watering.
The highlight though was the Prisoner wine which was a cabernet blend from californian.
Also, the spicy (not at all) lobster appetizer was my favorite.
Think of the best orange chicken you have ever had, but with lobster!
Highly recommend for an amazing date night or any special night.
Enjoy!

We have eaten at other Ruth's Chris steakhouses and all I can say is that I'm glad they are back in Vegas!
I don't know where they found their bartenders but our drinks were made to perfection.
As usual, our dinner was expensive but a 5 star experience.
We were seated by a window so the people watching was about as entertaining as it could get!
We will definitely be back!

Great diner eat at rc all the time best steak you can buy.

This was my first time a Ruth Chris I have heard great thing about this chain.
Its inside of Harrah's on the second floor.
Strange when you ride in a elevator with glass windows and a view of a wall.
But once the doors open the entrance to the dinning room was nice some seats you can see parts of the strip.
Service was slow at the beginning took awhile for us just to get bottle water.
If you live in Vegas you know not to drink tap water.
Started with a bottle of Acrobat medium  red $54.00 not bad.
App was spicy lobster which was a lightly fried lobster tossed in  spicy  cream sauce served with a tangy cucumber salad.
$17.00.
It was just OK.
I had a house salad iceberg, baby arugula, grape tomatoes, garlic croutons, red onion  with balsamic.
$8.50 I order there Halibut special they did not have Halibut but had substituted sea bass $40.00.
The Sea Bass was cooked perfect light flaky.
Fresh tomato on the bottom Sea bass topped with crab and lobster meat this was great.
My friend order a cowboy rib-eye $53.00 rare with sauteed onions.
It came medium rare the onions where over salted server addressed and fixed this in less then ten minutes.
My other friend had harvest salad an petite fillet $40.00 it was cooked medium rare which is how she ordered it.
We choose the sweet potato casserole pecan crust  this is like a dessert its good.
Potatoes Au gratin Idaho sliced potatoes with a three cheese sauce this was a much better side great flavors.
Chef was nice to send out dessert bread pudding it was delicious.From beginning to end it was a good dinning experience and great prices.
This is coming from someone who dines out a lot with friend and will pay for a great dining experience.
This is one of the more affordable steakhouses on the strip.
Also if you are traveling to Vegas or live here go get reward cards at all casino's they do help with cost.

I went here many years ago but it was at different locations in Vegas, but this time I took my boyfriend out for his birthday.
Let's just say the experience was amazing!
Our waiter though I cannot recall his name was absolutely helpful and made sure everything was satisfaction.
You will not be disappointed if you order the filet with shrimp, it actually came out as two filets!
And I highly highly recommend the creamed spinach which was melt in your mouth heaven!
And the view of the strip is pretty cool.
Overall I give this place a gold star for wonderful behavior.

Not nearly as good as the old location on Paradise Rd.
They took so many good items off of the menu- no more french onion soup, peas au gratin, macaroni, or green beans.
The staff is comparable to one you'd find at Applebee's, the decor is boring, my menu had water and soda stains all over it, I felt like I was at an overrated and overpriced Outback.
Not to mention the dumpy casino that it's in.
I will never go back here again and this used to be my favorite place!
The one star is for their Expresso Martini.

Holy Moly was this good!
The husband and I were excited to try this location out.
It's located just inside of Harrah's.
You have to take the elevator up to the second floor which brings you directly to the entrance of the restaurant.
The dining area is huge.
If you are seated along the outside by the windows, they either face the strip or the Quad.
Makes for a good people watching place.
The hostess' were so friendly with helping us to our table.
Immediately we were greeted by our waiter Dominick.
Let me tell you that he was phenomenal!
When you address us by Mr. and Mrs. E the entire evening, that gets you extra props in my book!
He was polite and so attentive for our dining experience.
It was greatly appreciated!
On to our dinners~  Yum!
I had the Chilean Seabass topped with Crab and Lobster with Hollandaise.
If I wasn't so full from the delicious lobster bisque, I'd want more!
It was cooked to perfection.
The sea bass was light and perfect.
I wouldn't change one thing about it.
I also had the creamed spinach on the side which complimented the meal delightfully!
My husband had the petit filet with grilled shrimp.
Again, perfect!
Of course I had a taste of it..  so tender and delicious!
He had the potatoes au gratin on the side.
Yep, they were fabulous!
I don't know how many more adjectives I can use to describe how wonderful our meals were.
Our evening here was so enjoyable and I can't wait to come back.
Thank you Dominick and Ruth's Chris!

Service was terrible with only one guy waiting on 3 tables.
And the steaks were average at best with a lo tof fat content.The hot plate is a nice touch but can not carry the meal on it's own.
Maybe just an off night but definately convinced me to move on with our choice for a steak dinner the next time

Awesome!
My wife had the Petite Filet with shrimp I had the T-Bone..... Best steak we have ever had.
The service was excellent Also.

Something must be wrong with us...we were not nearly impressed as the other reviewers..We decided to splurge one night because my husband does not gamble and he wanted to try there because its Sean Hannity's favorite place, so we both had a build up.
We were told to get reservations, but it wasn't super busy.
Service was no where near what I expected.
I figure if I am having a 200.00 dinner I should NEVER have to ask for a drink refill but we had to flag him down.
We were trying to order and felt rushed plus the waiter was adamant we could share the sides.
Which I thought was odd but we order the filet and I ordered the 20 oz lobster.
(He explained the small size was very tiny)  The steak was good but it wasn't as good as expected.
(Bob 's in Irving Texas beat the heck out of this piece of meat.
) We shared a potato( I don't k now why) We both asked for one but he was pretty sure we wanted to share...lol We also shared the salad..which was prob a good idea it was not that great we left most of it on our plates.
The lobster was VERY chewy and stringy ..of the 20 oz ..about 25% was not edible to me.
Hate to say it but I've had better at Red Lobster.
We never got the bread replenished.
Once we were served he flat forgot about us.
Needless to say...You should only order beef and do not try anything else...beef is obviously their specialty and it is nothing to write home about.

Oh, Ruth's Chris.
You were so good at the Yelp Elite event when you first opened at the Harrah's.
What happened??
At the request of my mom (she was my plus one at the Elite event and was very impressed), we celebrated my brother's birthday at Ruth's Chris a couple of weeks ago.
Please be forewarned that there is no valet or self parking anywhere near Ruth's Chris.
It's at the exact opposite of all the entrances if you are arriving by car.
The one star is for the decoration of the restaurant, but that was it.
From the bread, the 400 degree hot plate of bone-in ribeye, to our server's unkempt attire, it was not the "upscale" experience, food or service, Ruth's Chris is supposed to be.
By no mean am I trying to be a snob about the whole affair.
I think I am capable of adjusting my standards based on where I am at.
However, for the price and the service, I'd take my dollar right next door to the Caesar's Palace Joe's Stonecrab and be a happier customer.

A friend insisted we have dinner here.
The service was beyond friendly rather, down right annoying.
I really don' t care to hear my servers life story.
The stuffed mushrooms, quite tasty....
The steak, melt in your mouth goodness  the Au Gratin potatoes... disgusting little pieces of cardboard dripping in grease.
When a complaint was made to 'Mr.
ever so talkative' server, he said.
must be a bad au gratin night.
No offer to change it ...
The creme brulee was scrumptious, though the berries served with it had seen better days... many better days.

We returned for another great meal.
The service was excellent and the steaks were cooked exactly as ordered.
We didn't get a window view this time, but the table was great anyway!
If I had to say one negative thing, I would say that the steaks weren't quite as good as a couple other comparably priced restaurants we ate at last weekend, but the service and atmosphere made up for it.

By far my favourite chain steakhouse.
Went here for my boyfriends birthday.
We had a room at Harrah's so we just had to take the elevator down to the restaurant.
I even got to collect Total Rewards Points on the meal.
I'm shocked we didn't eat here every night.
Disappointed no one offered my boyfriend dessert since it was his actual birthday and I must have mentioned it the staff at least twice.
I'm not going to dock stars for that, because we were too full for dessert.

It was great !!
We had such a good time, and the good was fabulous!

Chas was the best waiter one could ask for!!
He was friendly, welcoming and had a great personality.
My friend and I had the fried calamari as an appetizer; it could have been my entire meal.
It was so fresh and the pepper dipping sauce was superb.
Chas even brought out a garlic butter sauce for us to try, which was delicious as well.
I ordered the petite filet, with my "stick of butter.
"  Just the perfect cut, cooked to perfection, it melted in your mouth.
We also split the baked potato (which could have been a meal in itself too!
) with all the toppings to choose from.
Needless to say, I really enjoyed my meal here...  And, thanks Chas for a good time.

This location is off compared to other Ruth's Chris locations I've been to.
The lobster bisque didn't taste right and my lamb chops were swimming in butter, overcooked, and fatty.
For the price, I should expect to receive lean cuts of lamb but these were, by far, the fattiest chops I've ever had.
The service was great, although our waiter was not as friendly as usual.
I will still frequent Ruth's Chris but not this location.

Last year, I was conveniently staying in Harrah's.
My honey and I had dinner here for my birthday.
The salad was fresh and delicious.
The steaks are what we came here for and cooked to perfection.
Our waiter was kind and very attentive.
We had coffee and dessert, and how beautifully they decorated my dessert plate.
I am so happy we came here.

Amazing!!
Server Adam was great!
Filet melted in my mouth with every bite!
I wanna eat there every damn night!!!!!!
Ahhhhhhh love this place

Came here for our 1st wedding anniversary and it was delicious had a great waitress So Yun.
Manager Estrella was very nice when greeting us at the table.
Explained to us this spot opened in February.
We enjoyed it very much

We chose Ruths' for our anniversary as we had a good time last year.
Everything was basically the same.
My medium rare bone in rib eye was very good but not headline setting as I am accustomed to with Ruths'.
Give it a solid B.
My wife had the BBQ shrimp and found it really good (A-).
We shared the Harvest salad, which wasn't as good as last year (B) and the Lobster Bisque which was excellent (A).
Our check in was very warm and inviting (A).
And our service was friendly and competent.
(B).
I love the ambiance of this place I just wish they'd up the steak quality to what I expect.

How can you go wrong with anything at Ruth Chris.
On our latest visit I had the Rib Eye (or at least half the Rib Eye as my DH ate at least half) and my husband had the pound of crap legs.
Everything was so good, the steaks are indescribably delicious; they just melt in your mouth.
Excellent wedge salad, which is big enough to split.
I'm not a lover of seafood but even I though the crab legs were excellent.

My girlfriend has been telling me about this place for a while and it's nothing less then unbelievable fantastic service excellent view of Las Vegas Blvd and the most amazing ribeye ever!!!
It's served on a 500 hundred degree plate!!
Anything served like that is the way to go!!
don't settle for less go Ribeye (spoil yourself it's Vegas baby!!

The service was great- perhaps a touch too attentive with too many "is everything ok" stops.
But no complaints.
The wait staff were friendly.
The atmosphere was nice.
The wine list sufficient, but unimpressive.
The food?
Well, it was only "ok".
The dinner was good, and nowhere near bad, but it wasn't a $60 steak either.
The potatoes au gratin were cheesy blandness and the asparagus stalks were fibrous and tough.
As a local there are many fantastic steakhouses in Vegas that will knock your socks off.
Some are more expensive than here, some less.
The point is the food here is less than average when compared to its peers.
I wouldn't fault anyone for going to Ruth Chris', but I wouldn't recommend it either.

One of the pit  bosses at the Mirage recommended Chris's steakhouse as a place to grab a sandwich during happy hour.
Since happy hour is only an hour and a half, we tried several times And kept missing it (darn gambling getting in the way :-).
We finally made it during the first week of May, 2014, took the elevator to the second floor in Harrah's, and walked into a different world.
The hostesses and waitstaff are all dressed as you would expect workers to be attired at fine steakhouse.
We immediately felt out of place in our casual attire, but as we looked around the bar area we noticed other people were dressed the same way.
If men are wearing a hat when they walk into the restaurant, they will be asked to remove it.
There were only a few selections on the happy hour menu, and the seating for happy hour was only in the bar area, so if there are no seats available, you are asked to wait on a comfortable, long couch.
We ordered the steak sandwich for $7 and it was mouth watering!
Lean, tender steak pieces on a fresh baked roll with fries - excellent!
The specials are not widely advertised, and it takes a little digging to find out about it, but this is the website that has the simple menu:  http://www.ruthschris.com/bar/happy-hour/  Despite having the 'cheap meal', at an obviously fine steakhouse, we were treated with respect and payed as much attention to as all the other high paying customers.
Definitely at the top of the list for our next visit :-)

My friend and I visited last week.
I ordered the $67 special bone in ribeye med rare and I have to say it lacked flavor.
I give that steal 1 star.
My friend ordered the petite filet with shrimp and it was a 5 star steak.
Service was great and ambiance amazing.

The food was delicious.
I had the fillet and shrimp and it was the best steak I've had in quite some time.
Definitely try this place.

The food was excellent but the service was suspect.
We were there on a weekend night and the restaurant was largely an empty cavern.
We were seated but before we ordered dinner the waiter advised us that he was being let go for the evening and that someone else would be taking care of us.
From that point forward, we rarely saw any wait or service staff.
Given that the restaurant was so empty there were no service people nearby.
We would have purchased more drinks if we had only been waited on properly.
The food that we got was very good.
The timing on the food was off however.
Salads were barely served before the main entrees were delivered.
Drinks had to be asked for several times before they were delivered.
We were told that this particular location doesn't have the shoestring fries because the restaurant is too big and they would get cold before they were delivered to the table; in reality we know now that the fries would get cold because the service was so bad.

