I had a negative experience with this property company and  the owner.
It took a long time for them to fix problems.
I had to threaten to go to the health department because they would not spend the necessary money to fix a problem that was causing health issues (Pigeon droppings covering air conditioning)  Dane, the owner is rude and pompous, In my opinion he really couldn't care less about your experience.
He was condescending and not helpful.
The other staff that I did encounter however, was helpful.
They refunded 5% of my security deposit for a property 30 years old and charged me $450 for carpet cleaning for carpet that was many years old.
If you ever need any help with an item, you are not able to call and get assistance, a request has to be made on their website and they will get to it when they feel appropriate.
They are not open on the weekend.
I would never rent from another property that they manage and I recommend everyone to stay clear of doing business with them and avoid at all costs.

$79 a month flat rate is probably the best deal you can find for property management in las vegas.
But beware, you get what you pay for.
Dane, the owner, who has 1 assistant and himself try to manage all the properties will not get the job done for you.
Not only will it take a couple months for him to find you a tenant ( we found out he doesnt answer his phone at all) of course if a potential tenant is interested they will have no way to reach the property manager.
After you get the tenant, he basically does nothing.
We've sent in HOA violations, tenant needs, and nothing gets done unless you call and start threatening to report him to the Nevada real estate commission.
Even his own assistant told me how disorganized this person is.
There is just too many things I don't wish to list or share about my HORRIFIC experience with Valley Wide.
Dane is a pretty nice guy, but he is in the wrong field and I don't know why any property owner would want him as a manager.
I would give him a negative five yelp rating if possible.
I am so glad he is no longer managing my property.

I own a home that Dane has rented for me.
He is soooo nice and his staff is super accomodating.
The last review is bogus!
I've used Dane for a while here and have had nothing but great follow up, detailed voice mails, constant email updates, and calls at work if needed.
I think I can say he always responds to me same day, and always personally.
It really doesn't get much better than having someone like Dane.
-Tory

Wow  I just happen to be looking for a phone number and came aross all this talk about Valleywide Property   Dane  Brooks.
Well I dont know who these people are and maybe they had a bad experience.
I will tell you this i have been with Valleywide and Dane for over 4 years now and I Never   Never had any problems with him are anyone who works for him.
Dane has always found me Tenants and always answered his phone  always .
When my unit had a major problem he got right on it and took care of business in a Professional maner.
He has always been professioanl and knowledgeable about the Las Vegas Rental Market.
And has found me good tenants.
You cant expect Dane to just find you tenants over night in this market with the economy being down the way it is.
And you better have a clean unit if your unit looks like crap  you will not get a tenants.
My unit is Top Knotch thats why I get tenants because my unit is something That I would live in if I had to.
Some Landlords feel like they can have a unit thats ragedy  and still get tenants.
Tenants are picky right now being that alot of them lost there homes and now have to rent and there is a ton of rental property out there.
Valleywide property is one of the best out there for management  but they are not Miracle workers.
Valleywide Property has been there for me and continue to do an Outstanding job for me   I have deal with  other property management companies and none of them provide a  3 month inspection of the unit like  Valleywide and Dane I would disagree with these other Reviews  because Dane is one of the best out there since I have been with him now for awhile   and  you can try another company but they wont even  come close to his service   How do I know I have hired and fired a few management companies in Las Vegas  before I became a  client of Valleywide so I know whats out there  I could say a few companies but  i Wont Just take my word for it when I tell you  Valleywide is still  better then most of them  Thank you Dane for making my life easier and keep up the Great work .
Rico

This property management company, if you can even call it that are absolutely horrendous.
This guy Dane Brooks is a flat out liar and a thief.
I have been under contract with them now for four monthes and have yet to recieve a single cent.
When i call i get the run around and am still waiting for paper work from this moron.
And what the other ppl say is true he never answers the phone and when he does he has no clue what he is talking about.
Karma is a bitch, get ready.

warning-avoid-thief-dishonest business practices  yelp needs to allow its users to give negative stars!
every single bad review for this company is 100% true.
do yourself a favor and avoid this company!

This Dane is dishonest, and will just give you lip service.
He will tell you what you want to hear and shelve you.
Never gets back to you in the time he promises.
He did not even bother running a background/credit check in order to consider us as tenants.
Instead, he presumed that we weren't qualified just by his own feelings.
If you want satisfaction and results, don't deal with this company.
I'm pretty sure the people giving him the 5 stars are either his friends or family members.
They could be the very few that he's actually helped, but the majority ratings show what kind of management this is.
Just don't do it.

Dane Brooks  Is a Con Man and Extremely Dishonest!!
!,  BEWARE  I Had A HORRIBLE experience with him.This Man Has NO Business Being In The Business .
Very Very SHADY Character.

