This place has been open approximately two weeks, so it's time that someone reviewed it.
I came here for the first time today after lunch at Roberto's because my coworkers recommended it.
I decided to have a light lunch, leaving room for what I was hoping would be a delicious crepe.
For a place called Tasty Crepes, there aren't many crepe choices.
While you have various fruit choices and ice cream flavors, they're all basically dessert crepes.
No lunch or dinner crepes.
The crepe wasn't bad.
The serving size was large and is big enough to be shared.
They use Thrifty ice cream, so the ice cream was good.
Next time I'll probably just get an ice cream cone rather than the crepe.

My girlfriend and I were always looking for a good place to get crepes on the southwest side of town, and now that this place has come along, I think we have found one!
The owners were really nice, and the crepes were delicious (we went with strawberry, whip cream, blueberries, and vanilla ice cream).
It took about all of 5 minutes to scarf mine down, and I was definitely ready for 2nds.
The place was a little quiet--kinda like a library--which made me feel like we had to whisper at times.
That's probably because it's new, but if they punched up the ambiance a little bit I'd raise it to a 5 star in a heart beat.
Also, it'd be nice if you could add a few things to the side--maybe eggs if you're in the mood for breakfast, etc.
All in all, a place we will definitely come back to, and a place I'd recommend to come check out.

I LOVE THIS PLACE.
The portions are plentiful, the owners are sweet and the deserts are Amazing!!!

This place is great ( if you know your crepes) having a European background, crepes are normally made with fruit, and are a sweet delicious treat!
If you are looking for a more modern crepe, such as a lunch item, I would recommend la crepe in the Paris hotel.
Personally, I love the fruit filled crepes just like Grandma used to make!
So if you want a different sweet I would def try Tasty crepes!

I am a dessert lover, and although there isn't anything out of the ordinary or extra special about this particular, little crepe cafe, the crepes are delicious and so are the frozen bananas!
It's bright and colorful inside, and the owner is always happy to greet us every time.
There are also other frozen treats that you can happily indulge in (frozen bananas, frozen cheesecake, etc.
)  I definitely think this place deserves a little more attention than it gets!
But that's understandable considering there are a lot of dessert spots around this area, those of which also serve Thrifty's ice cream.
Whenever I order crepes here, I finish it in less than two minutes.
It's the combination of ice cream, the multiple choices of fruit and sauces, the convenience of the location (for me), and the great service that deserves 4 stars.

Been here a few times with my kids, and each time we come here we are never disappointed.
The Crepes here is sooooooo AMAZING!
My favorite is definitely vanilla ice cream top with banana and some chocolate syrup on top.
Besides the Crepes there frozen fruits are also delicious.
The kids love coming here and ordering different things on the menu every week.
Besides the yummy Dessert, the owners are also very nice people!

this place has an awesome selection of treats and crepes are very tasty.
But the place smells weird other than that i enjoy my visits here.

Thin crepe cooked evenly, slightly sweet batter.
Spread on some nutella scoop of rocky road ice cream, now add some strawberries, blueberries, and banana's.
next comes some chocolate sauce drizzled on top, whip cream and a cherry.
Now that's a tasty crepe!
Very good, generous portion, friendly staff.

Fantastic!!!!
The crepes are awesome, they have thrifty ice cream, and Nutella.
It's like the triple crown of delicious!!!
Plus, they have smoothies, boba tea, and fresh fruit!!!
And the people at the counter are total sweethearts!!

Tried the pizza crepe.
Absolutely amazing.
Wife had the Nutella banana crepe.
Two thumbs up there too.
The place looks like a hold in the wall to me.
But the food is amazing.
Def would recommend to friends.

I got the banana nutella crepe and my hubbs got the pizza crepe....Total topping overload.
around $20 for 2 crepes plus a bottled water each.
But fresh ingredients (she made it in front of us and cut up everything fresh out of the fridge before cooking)  its a small place and theyve got a alot of smoothies and boba on the menu too!
def will be back

This has become the new spot for pure deliciousness!!!
We got there 3 minutes before closing time on a Sunday, and were treated with smiles and welcomes!
The menu was sooooo full of the yummiest fruits and flavors it was a challenge choosing!
We all got crepes that were overloaded with freshness and it was amazing!
We were very pleased and plan in going back... Having desert pre-ordered for a Halloween party next wkd.
Fair prices, clean place, friendly staff and excellent product: recipe for success!

We need to thank Yelp for steering us here.
Best meal and best value for buck since we rolled into the Red Rock Casino and Spa.
Well worth the commute here!

A few days ago I was having a crepe craving and we came across this spot.
It's a little hole in the wall place, but it was surprisingly good.
The inside is a little empty..and white..   Everything is ordered through these pieces of paper.
The crepes have all these fruit, filling, topping, and ice cream options.
You circle what you want in your crepe.
Same for the bobas.
I ordered a crepe with strawberries, bananas, Nutella, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and cookies n cream ice cream.
It was bomb!
We got 2 crepes, 2 bobas, and a large milk for $28, so the prices are fair.
Service was friendly.
They have lots of frozen treats too.
Chocolate cheesecake, chocolate bananas, etc.
The only thing I recommend is having more savory crepe options.
I only saw a few.

Came in here today on a crepe craving with a girlfriend.
They sell frozen treats, such as dipped bananas, ice cream, and more.
Super clean place and guy who helped out was really friendly and accommodating.
We ordered a Rocky Road crepe with kiwi and strawberries and a savory crepe with mozzarella, Ham, mushrooms, onions, spinach, and avocado.
I wish they carried some ranch but they gave us ketchup and mustard.
The crepes were the biggest I've ever ordered so definitely worth the bang for the buck!
Five stars for service, taste, quality!

Huge crepes.
Everything is good.
Served with delicious Thrifty ice cream.
Fruit is fresh or they dont serve it.
Pick up a slip to custom order your crepe.
My favorite is strawberry banana with nutella chocolate whipped cream powdered sugar.
Vanilla or strawberry ice cream on yhe side.
Mmmmmm.

Fresh fruit.
Quality ice cream and home made crepes, what's not to love??
Apologize to yourself if u don't go.

The owners are extremely friendly and nice.
They explain everything and answer all questions.
Their crepes are delicious.
As I was eating, they offered a free sample of their chocolate covered bananas.
Definitely a place worth going to for sweets.

Fresh fruit, ice cream, nutella, crepes.
Now that I have your attention, that is just one of the many crepes you can create here.
with multiple ingredients, sauces, and mix ins, you can really have some tasty savory crepes.
The portion size is large and filling and the owners very friendly.
If sweet isn't your thing, try the savory pizza crepes, deli crepes and more.
Or try the chocolate banana bites (pineapple and mango too).

Aww the owners here are really nice.
They explain everything and kept asking if the crepe is good.
They even give you a card to stamp for each crepe you order so you can earn towards a free crepe in the future.
It's a cozy little place that serves delicious crepes.
I stumbled across this place when I was experiencing this intense crepe craving.
Came here this afternoon with my mom since we both have a sweet tooth.
You can order the fruit crepe by filling out this small piece of paper.
I ordered a crepe with strawberries, kiwi, and blueberries, with Nutella, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and butter pecan ice cream.
It was really good!
The portion size is huge.
The fruit taste fresh and the crepe comes with a good amount of fruit.

They keep things simple.
Crepes: made to order with fresh fruits, as many sauces and toppings you want, and a gigantic scoop of good quality ice cream for only a dollar more.
Portion sizes are more than generous as well.
They also have a good assortment of chocolate dipped frozen mango, pineapple, cheesecake, and banana.
You have the option of bites or on a stick, with nuts, sprinkles, or coconut shavings, etc., etc!
Other places could use a tip from them when it comes to top-notch customer service.
The owners are very accommodating and welcoming.
They help you through the ordering process and are super patient!
This place screams QUALITY DESSERTS and SERVICE at you!
Five stars, well-earned.

I've been coming here since they opened & they've always been consistent!!!
BEST crepes I've ever had!!!
And they're the nicest owners, I love them!!!
WARNING: YOU CAN SHARE, BUT NOT RECOMMENDED!!!
U'LL want it all 2 urself

Place is awesome!
Service is great, and their crepes are delicious.
Highly recommend this place.
I'm definitely coming back.
I got crepe with banana, strawberry and kiwi, oh, and cookies and cream.....delicious!!!

To keep it short go for the crepes!
I can't believe how good their crepes are!!
Be patient though because there's only one worker making the dessert!
Now stay away from the chocolate dipped stuff.
It looks good but they use cheap chocolate.
Overall I'd go back!

Place is awesome!
Service is great, and their crepes are delicious.
Highly recommend this place.
I'm definitely coming back.
I got crepe with banana, strawberry and kiwi, oh, and cookies and cream.....delicious!!!

I've been to other crepe stores in las vegas.
But this crepe houe is extraordinary~ they only use fresh fruit everytime and the size is begger than anywhere else.
It is almost Twice as big.

Just got an awesome crepe and it was super good, spent $10 after tip and everything and it was enough for 2 people to split!

I've been going to Tasty Crepes since they were at fantastic swap meet their crepes are really good and the kids love their chocolate covered bananas and cheeseckes.

This place has had great crepes since they opened and have been adding more great treats every since.

The crepes are sooo good!
Especially with fresh fruit and thrifty ice cream!
Also they make their own whip cream from scratch and it's awesome!
Also try the frozen chocolate dipped bananas, their amazing!

I don't have a big sweet tooth but wow!
Amazing desserts :D the staff is super friendly which only makes your trip sweeter.

What a great desert place that serves ice cream with fresh fruits inside a delicious crepe.
This place also have fresh waffles and all kinds of frozen chocolate dipped fruits.
Ohhh, don't forget to try their Mango/Sticky Rice...The people are really nice which makes the place that much more special.
Must check it out.

So far I've been on here twice.
Each time the lady (I think the owner?
) has been the one to take our order.
Service is excellent and the crepes are delicious!
I have only had the dessert type crepe here.
I would like to try the other items on their menu.
I will definitely be back to try them.

This spot is a family own place.
& I have nothing but great experiences every time I go here & I always get the Nutella & banana Crepes & it gets better every time I try it.
This place is addicting & it's affordable compare to every other Crepe Place is town.
The owners are awesome, they are funny, they care about the reviews, feedback & what we have to say.
They make it just like what's on the pictures believe it or not.
Everyone must try this place for some delicious Crepes.

Thanks to all the good Yelp reviews, I wanted to come here and give it a try.
Came last night and didn't realize how close it was to my house, so that's a plus already, haha.
As soon we walked in through the doors we were greeted by the owner, it's him and his wife and they are jut as sweet as can be.
We didn't look familiar to him so he asked if we were new customers and of course we said yes.
I noticed he recognizes his customers and that shows good character on his behalf.
It makes you feel welcomed and gives you a family feel.
So, we ordered the banana split and a fruit crepe and they were delicious especially because they use Thrifty ice cream, that's the second plus.
They also have chocolate dipped bananas, mango, pineapple, banana bites and cheesecake!!!
That's right, a chocolate covered cheesecake!!
Unfortunately, they don't sell the banana bites individually and one is all I wanted last night but their $3.50 for 6 bites so it's a good price and $5.00 for the cheesecake.
I will definitely try the cheesecake next time I come in.
This is a nice place to come with your family on a hot day when you're craving a cold treat.

Phillip and his employees are friendly and kind!
Love the crepes here and it's awesome that they have thrifty's ice cream

Was my first time here & I had the fruit crepe.
Strawberries, mangos, & bananas all fresh with Nutella spread on the crepe.
Can add a scoop of Thrifty ice cream for only a buck.
Also, I tried the frozen mango & frozen banana bites which were both amazing!
Definitely will be back.
Very friendly staff!

Love this place.
First time here and I'm amazed.
The chocolate dip fruits are bomb af

This place exceeded my expectations!
The crepes are, just as stated, tasty!
And HUGE too!
The store is cute, nice size, a few tables  and lounge couches and you have the option of eating there or taking to go.
We chose to stay and indulge in a crepe.
They give you the option for 3 toppings with or without ice cream.
Ordering is super easy because they already set up a tiny paper that you can decide on what you would like from Nutella to chocolate to all the fruits and ice cream!
Being such an indecisive person, it was so hard to decide!
I chose a Nutella, banana, strawberry, with whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and chocolate malted crunch ice cream.
YUM.
The crepe was made perfectly, soft and chewy, with a hint of crunchiness at some parts.
I also couldn't help myself, but we grabbed a couple chocolate dipped fruits, which were delish and reasonably priced.
It comes with 6, and I chose to get banana, pineapple, and mango.
Mmm mmm, good.
My boyfriend's little brother chose 2 scoops of chocolate ice cream, and I got one scoop of rainbow sherbet.
Thrifty's ice cream is always the way to go!
They sell boba and other deliciously looking crepes which I will definitely need to try in the future!
The lady who served us was really nice and friendly which is always an added plus.
She gave us a punch card, and if you're someone like me who collects these from the best places, then this is an added plus!!
If you're looking for a quick dessert stop with good prices and wanting to walk out like you're full and satisfied, tasty crepes is definitely the place to go!
Pretty happy with this being my first review.
:) 5 stars for SURE!

I been here so many times that's the owner knows it's me again.
I just want to say is hard to find a place like this one here in vegas.
Clean and welcoming place, they don't still from you giving you a good amount of ice cream and fruit.

I love this place!
Sweet and savory crepes are delicious.
The owners are very, very nice.
Definitely a mom and pop place.
The store has a nice layout and is clean.
Haven't tried the desserts, but they also look awesome.

This place is amazing!
first you are always very nicely greeted by the owners, they use only fresh ingredients, they cut the fruit fresh right there in front of you!!
Crepes are made to order also from their own made recipes, and OMG!!
their whipped cream, is also home made by them they make a batch almost every day and is to die for.
It's a great place to go and unwind or get your food to go.
Their frozen bites are really good too, I love that they have a rewards punch card and they always remind us when we go.
Overall is just an awesome place with great people and amazing Crepes, Tasty Crepes that is!!

Great as always!
They remember what we get, i love this place , the owners are  always there with a smile and ready to  satisfy your sweet tooth wither is a crepe we choose or their delicious sticky rice with mango or just a fruit salad it's the freshest you can get.
Just a great lunch or the best way to end your day Tasty Crepes is bomb awesome.

