I was so excited to try this place.
In fact, I showed up two days early hoping to try their burgers.
Worth the wait?
Ummm, No!
I ordered their bacon/avocado cheeseburger with their thousand island dressing on the side.
I wasn't sure if I would like avocado with thousand island.
Turns out-I didn't.
The burger showed up pretty quickly with no bacon or avocado on it.
Since I paid for the extra items, I let them know what the problem was.
The manager then comes to our table to make sure we were not hiding the bacon or avocado anywhere.
Awkward!
He takes my burger back, and 30 seconds later bacon and avocado show up on my burger.
I did like the bun they used-it was soft and had no sesame seeds.
On the other hand, my wife ordered the standard cheeseburger with pickles and mustard only.
Sesame seeds showed up on that burger?
I am not sure why the difference.
The fries were ok-- although s little under seasoned for my liking.
The onion rings tasted like leather with coating thicker than my ex-wifes makeup.
No bueno!
Prices were OK , and the place was clean.
One bonus was that they offer Pepsi instead of Coke!
Yay!
Still not coming back though.......

It wasn't the worst.
That's all I have to say about that.
Nah, I'll say a few more things...
The menu is for sure a little over-whelming for a first timer.
The salads, which all look really good, are a tad bit too pricey for me.
It's lettuce, c'mon peeps.
Now.
I had the regular cheeseburger and was very disappointed.
The burger patty was pre-formed (boo) and cooked correctly, but the bun was cold and tough.
Me no likey.
Nothing about the burger made my mouth water.
I ordered my burger with onion rings.
Some people like them thick, some thin.
I am on team THIN.
Don't get the onion rings here if you like 'em thin.
They are over an inch and a half wide with an enormous amount of breading on them.
You actually need to cut them to be able to dip them into any sauce.
It's like they cut a whole onion in half and began to drop them into the frying batter.
There was so much batter that the onion barely cooked.
Gross.
I may give them another chance because my friend Mark B. is a real burger lover and we promised to take him there to try the burgers.
I would not recommend this place to anyone who wants to get blown away by awesomeness.
Rather, if you'd like to revisit the leather strap that daddy spanked your buns with as a child, order the onion rings.

Went into this place yesterday to pick up lunch for the office.
My dad recommended it and it wasn't too far from work so I thought i'd give it a shot.
I placed my order and got my food relatively quickly (to go).
Much to my dismay, when I got back to work the order was COMPLETELY wrong.
Our two burgers and onion rings somehow turned into a burger (not even the right one), a chicken sandwich and fries.
I gave them a call because I didn't have enough time on my lunch break to go back to get the right order.
I explained the situation to the manager who said I could come back that day or the next and they would replace the order for me.
I told her I'd be back same time tomorrow to try it again.
Went back in today and saw the manager as I walked in running orders to customers.
She remembered my call and got my order started right away.
I placed a couple more orders for other co-workers and she offered me a 50% discount on the new orders, which I didn't ask for and appreciated.
They still got my order mixed up with someone else (which is what I imagine the problem was yesterday as well), but I caught it this time.
Anyway, enough about that.
The food was good.
I got the Jalapeno Burger and it was pretty spicy, but the flavors were good and the quality of the ingredients seemed above par for most fast food.
The onion rings (which are the source of much debate in the reviews apparently) were okay.
My advice: try them and see if they're for you.
Definitely better than the fries though.
My boss said the Pastrami sandwich was great as well.
Bottom line: It's a new restaurant, orders are going to get mixed up and the employees don't know the menu very well yet.
These are problems that (hopefully) will go away after a few weeks.
Management was more than accomodating when it came to fixing the mistake, so I'd still say the service was good.
The food is good and I will definitely be returning.
Just make sure you check your orders before you leave.

Man I love farmer boys!
And I'm pissed I'm not the 1st to review this location!
Dammit, why don't I think of these things?
Zucchini is huge!
Crispy on the outside, warm and soft on the inside!
Dip it in ranch, awesome!
Burger is huge!
Its beefy!
Some of them come with guac and bacon like the Farmer's!
They have breakfast!
You can get fresh eggs your way and hash browns!
It's inexpensive!
You can eat a meal for less than 10 bucks!
And this location has a 10% discount for unlv students and faculty!
And there's a drive through!
More like farmer genius!

A SoCal buddy of mine introduced me to Farmer Boys and I definitely dig this chain.
I like the fact that it's fast food, but doesn't totally feel like fast food.
You actually get food delivered to your table and employees come around to make sure you are enjoying your dining experience.
Props for the Farmer Bro's.
I know this place is known for their burgers, which are definitely good, but I fancy their breakfast options.
They have amazing pancakes, seriously.
Fluffy, moist, you can cut them with a fork.
Absolutely awesome.
They also do eggs cooked to order.
Last time I got my eggs over easy and they were a bit too easy for my liking, next time I'll just be safe and go over medium.
They also do breakfast skillets well.
From their lunch/dinner menu I fancy their fried zucchini as a side dish.
Can't go wrong with one of their burgers that comes with all of the standard toppings.
As Arnold Terminato Schwartzenhogger says, I'll be back.

I was hearing so many good things about this chain.
To quote my man Flav, "Don't believe the hype"!
I had a patty melt at many of places and understand they can be greasy.
This thing was swimming in grease.
The bread was saturated and didn't have any crisp to it.
The bottom of the basket was just as soaked as the bread.
The onion rings were equally as bad.
The coating falls off soon as you touch them and not flavorful at all.
I tried some fries a friend ordered.
Nothing that your local supermarket doesn't carry.
Yeah Boyyyy that will be my last visit.

First off,   In the defense of this location, they're new and have new employees who are going to make mistakes from time to time.
With that out of the way......
I eat here A LOT!
Why?
Because they serve their full menu all day!
Take that crappy McMuffins!
On weekends or on my way to work I like to pick up a breakfast bowl or sandwich.
They cook to order and have a great selection like pancakes, french toast, chicken gravy bowl, biscuit and gravy bowls, omletes....OMLETES!IN A DRIVE THRU?!
Win.
They're burgers on the other hand are not very good.
It tastes the same as a crumby BK patty.
Their chili is so meaty and chili cheese fries?
Hot damn I love'em.
There was a mistake this past weekend with my chicken sandwich.
I called the place up, spoke with the Manager, and he comped my zucchini sticks!
(Which are huge branch like strips of goodness.
) They have their hits and misses but they have me like a ho and her crack pipe.

First time there, never heard of it, close to my job decided to check it out.
Inside it look different from other fast food restaurant it got a theme and it clean.
The employee greeted us which is nice.
Me and my sis got  a burger w/ fries and  onion ring.
The burger is really good, need a bit of seasoning on fries, and the onion ring got no flavored.
The result?
Customer service: good, Place: clean, Food: not bad...Overall it ok

OUR FIRST ENCOUNTER WITH FARMER BOYS.
This is so good I am just going to give you a few high lights and say: GO THERE QUICKLY - YOU WILL LOVE IT.
Clean, Clean, Clean.
Happy very friendly staff members.
Quality products  Ridiculous amount of food.
We had a coupon for the Four piece fish dinner.
Beautiful, fat, well coated, crispy, wild caught, white, Pollack Fish.
Included salad or soup, fries, onion rings, and a roll.
We opted for the lettuce, red cabbage, and tomato chopped salad with Italian dressing.
We also had huge fresh cut  Zucchini sticks .
To wash all this down we had very taste fresh made iced tea.
Two of these whopping meals with our coupon cost us a total of $19.44.
Are you kidding me?
We had to bring stuff home.
There was just to much for us to eat everything.
We can't wait to try some of the other menu items.
This may be our new dining   Anyone who likes fried fish needs to try this.
Anyone who likes food needs to go there.
Right now there are two Farmer Boys in town that we are aware of: One on Eastern and one on Decatur.
I'm told there are more coming.

Just ate here for the second time this morning.
I've only had breakfast here.
For about the same price as a value meal, you get cooked-to-order eggs, hash browns, bacon, toast, and coffee.
On Saturday and Sunday their special is the 3-egg combo - which is everything I listed above for $7.
My husband got the BLT sandwich which is said was good for the price and had just the right amount of bacon.
It gets the 4th star because it's a nice and clean restaurant with fast service and very little waiting - which is not what you get at the more popular local breakfast places.
For a good quick hot made-to-order breakfast, you can't go wrong here.
There will not be fancy food options - just good old-fashioned breakfast items.

I'm going to break my "no-chain-reviews" rule here, because despite only having two locations in the Vegas area, Farmer Boys is a pretty big chain in So Cal, especially in the OC/IE area.
But it's new(ish) to Vegas, so... deal.
Farmer Boys had a unique place in my heart back home -- better than fast food, but not quite restaurant quality.
It was the place you went to when you didn't really want to get gussied up for a restaurant (nobody REALLY likes to gussy, let's face it) but could go for something a little classier than Mickey D's.
When I heard there was a new location relatively close to me, I was on it like Comet.
Now...
I understand this location hasn't been open for all that long.
But the service... well, is it so much to ask that my order not be interrupted three times because you messed up on the prior order?
Then go running around for a pen because you don't have one readily available?
I mean, seriously, that's about the extent of your interaction with servers, so don't mess it up.
As for the food, it's still a pretty good quality.
I went for the chili and cheese omelette (Ryan's Rule for Yelp Dining: Everything can be made better with chili) and it was pretty good.
I've had better, but I've certainly had worse.
I apologize if I sound like a broken record... broken record... broken record... but again, it was not restaurant quality, but certainly better than an Anything McAnything.
Though I didn't have one this time around, I remember the burgers being pretty tasty too; I'll have to get one next time.
So this Farmer Boys location takes up the mantle I left behind in Orange County: somewhere in between a fast-food place and a real restaurant.
And that's okay... something's gotta fill that void, right?

I was driving up Eastern next to the airport the other evening and the new Farmer Boy's restaurant caught my eye.
I'm always looking for a good burger and the restaurant looked new bright and shiny and beckoned me in with the promise of "World's Greatest Hamburgers" so I pulled into the drive thru to test the claim.
I ordered a bacon double cheeseburger with fries and a drink.
After waiting a while in the drive thru- which wasn't too bad as I realize the burgers are cooked to order, I received my dinner in a bag and parked to eat.
The burger: First impressions were that it was large and heavy as it should be considering it was quite pricey IMO.
Very good looking with cheese dripping over the sides and 2 large strips of thick cut bacon criss crossed on the top of the patties.
Toppings (or bottomings actually) included 1 tomato slice, a pile of leaf lettuce, a small pinch of very thin cut onions, and some thousand island dressing.
I dug into the burger and was less than impressed.
It was good, but just adequate IMO.
Nothing to make it stand out as exceptional.
About half way through I came to a realization that the taste and texture was really familiar and I pegged it as tasting a lot like a "Big Carl" burger from Carl's Jr.
The patties were very similar in texture and taste and the thousand island dressing is the same.
Also the big pile of leaf lettuce is the same way Carl's Jr. serves their burgers.
I also became aware that the bacon wasn't really doing anything special for the taste.
I opened the bun and broke off a bit of bacon to eat solo and to my surprise it was actually kind of bland.
It was a very mild bacon and you hardly know it was on the burger.
The other thing I didn't like was the way they did the onions.
I like a lot of onions- a big full slice or rings is best.
The onions on this burger were very thinly sliced like paper thin and way too few.
You wouldn't even know they were on there.
So, my overall impression of the burger was far from "Worlds Greatest".
For the money, go to Carl's Jr. and get 2 Big Carl's for the same price.
I also blew it by ordering the fries.
After I ordered I saw the onion rings on the menu that looked really good and should have tried them.
The fries were very generic and taste like they do at dozens of other places.
I may go back and try the fish and chips that looked really good, but for burgers this place doesn't live up to their own hype.

I had never heard of this place before, but saw it while driving and decided to stop for breakfast with a friend.
We both ordered the breakfast burritos.
They were huge portions, and above average quality.
As for price, it is more expensive than your typical fast food chain, but my perception of value improved significantly because they offer a student discount.
The ingredients were also of higher quality than most fast food chains (they actually crack whole eggs!).
The menu has a ton of variety, so it should please your whole group whether looking for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
Food 4/5 Service 3/5 Atmosphere 4/5 Value 3/5

Nope.
Not even close to being a good burger.
After getting off of work I was craving a burger and fries.
I thought I should try something different and new.
And since it was 9 PM I knew I had limited choices.
There happens to a be a newish Farmer Boys near the airport off of Eastern so I decided to give them a try.
I went through the drive-thru and my order took awhile.
Not sure why - but the burgers are pre-formed (obviously) so I am not sure what was going on, especially since the employee apologized for my wait.
1 star for being able to do add-ons such as avocado to your burger 1 star for serving breakfast (even though I haven't had it)  But other than that... meh.
I ordered the cheeseburger with an add-on of avocado, unfortunately it was more like a mess of avocado on my burger.
Like a mix between guac and avocado slices.
I wasn't thrilled.
I especially wasn't thrilled because it did not go well with the fact that they put Thousand Island on their burgers as a sauce.
Plus - there was hardly ANY Thousand Island on my cheeseburger making it a very dry cheeseburger indeed.
Again - patty was thin, but large, the burger was large, but again, the beef patty was incredibly thin.
The bun was actually quite good.
Fluffy and large and soft.
But still... the cheeseburger it was just so... meh.
Fries - oy.
Forget the fries here.
There's not a thing special about them.
A bunch of mine were actually brittle and burned.
The others - okay, they're fries.
I'd rather have McDonald's or Inn-N-Out french fries.
Possibility of return - not high.

Today was my first time at Farmer Boys.
I ordered my food in drive thru got home and saw that my order was wrong, went back asked them to fix my order and waited 30 minutes!!
When I got home my order was wrong again!
It was cold and disgusting.
I will not be eating there ever again.
The customer service was awful and wouldn't recommend that place to my worst enemy.

I know this place just opened so usually I can excuse the fact that the employees bad service is chalked up to inexperience and getting use to the place.
However it doesn't excuse the disgusting long hair I found in my food.
Go somewhere else.

I think that this Resteraunt has decent food and a decent and clean dining area.
The food is good, and the prices aren't horrible.
I love the zucchini sticks !
But most of all, if you like farmer bros on Facebook you get a free brownie!
I'm just sayin'!!!

Although there are already multiple locations around town and have been long established in California, my first two visits has been at this location since it has recently opened up in the airport area.
Initially the prices here a sort of high for a fast food place and the food is comparable to Denny's, but not necessarily sit down since you order at the counter.
However, they do serve you the food and the employees go around asking the patrons if they need anything else with their meal.
On a brighter note the quality of the food makes up for the price and I can say you get your money's worth, which would make me pick this place over Denny's.
They also have a yelp check in burger combo for only $5.50, which I have yet to try.
In addition, they have daily specials, which also makes it more affordable.
I like the decor of the inside which is definitely a step up from all fast food joints because it gives off the country vibe and homey feel.
Farmer Boys will indeed be seeing more of me and I have already started recommending them to my family and friends.

Second try at Farmer Boys....
In my original review I said I would not go back, but Farmer Boys lured me in.
Mostly because it is so close to where I work and when I get off work I have limited options as to where I can eat.
Typically I try not to eat out during my work week, but this past week I was being lazy because I had had a head cold.
So - cheeseburger to the rescue!
This time I went with the "Natural Burger", which I honestly enjoyed much more than their regular cheeseburger.
The cheese was really melted into the patty, which was nice.
But there were a lot of onions on the burger I ended up picking off.
Next time I'll just say no onions.
Instead of fries I ordered onion rings, but ummm I really, really did not like these rings.
They were just really not the style I like.
The breading was falling off before I got home (because I'll be honest I DID eat one while driving down the road).
The batter is very thin and the rings are very big and chunky.
I think this is really just a preference thing - but the onion rings here were not for me.
New overall opinion - A-OK. Would I go back?
Yes.
Would I order the onion rings?
No.
Maybe I'll just stick strictly with the burgers and try the breakfasts some time.

I love their look

excellent food and good specials - it's just that the silverware is usually dirty and there have been flies in the restaurant.

I've been a fan of Farmer Boys for about 7 years, and I try to stop by for a meal every time I'm in Vegas (since I don't have one locally).
I am always impressed by their excellent service.
You order your meal at the counter, and they bring it out to your table.
Even though drinks are self-serve, the servers will come by and check on you, and will refill your drinks.
I love their melt sandwiches, soup, and fried zucchini.
I tricked myself into thinking that Farmer Boys was super healthy, but now that they have calorie measurements on their menu, I know that the food is hearty (not exactly healthy).
But given it's a fast-food joint, there are a lot of worse places you can eat.
Watch for daily specials to get a good deal.

Love the beacon !!!
So crispy!

Farmer Boys is a good alternative to the typical fast food in the area.
I wanted a sandwich for lunch and although they are far from cheap, they have good quality food and it's as close as you can get home cooked food a a drive thru spot.
This particular location was a little speedier than others I've been to.
Big fan of that since I usually avoid other Farmer Boys locations for that reason.
The service was pretty standard, nothing made it stand out more than other drive thru restaurants, but it was solid.
I can't attest to the service when you dine inside, but I would probably stop here again if I'm in the area.

Absolutely the best fish and zucchini I've had in Vegas!
OK...only fish and zucchini I've had, ever - but it was good enough that I can safely assume it would be the best.
Portions are gigantic.
Come ready to share.
Service...meh.
He didn't seem to know what he was doing at the register.
Forgot my iced coffee, and took him several trips to get everything to me.
He was very apologetic about forgetting my large, iced mocha and offered me a free refill.
While it was a good move customer-satisfaction wise, it wired me for the rest of the night.
Whhhheeeee!

Honestly, I probably just ordered the wrong item.
I think this place could have the potential to be a 3 star or even 4 star fast-food restaurant, but my experience on this trip was pretty poor.
I had a philly cheesesteak.
It was pretty tiny considering it cost $6.89 pre tax.
The bread was more of a flatbread instead of a hoagie bread; it was weird.
It was a bit heavy on the green peppers.
The cheese (provolone) to steak ratio was good though.
The meat was gross though.
It was bland and had a mushy texture.
I'm thinking that the meat was boiled instead of grilled.
My friends seemed to enjoy their burgers, but they also seemed a bit small for the over $6 price point (without fries).
The onion rings were good but once again I'm not sure if they were worth the $3.39 price.
They are huge and are an actual onion ring (not the composite mushy stuff).
I guess the rings just weren't good enough to overcome my disapointment with the cheesesteak.

My new favorite vegas burger!
liked it more than in n out.
Eat inside because the place is cute and you shouldn't rush the cooks.

It's only ok.
The food wasn't anything to write home about.
The Farmers burger lacked anything resembling taste and to be honest I wasn't thrilled with how it felt in my hand.
It was very stiff and reminded me of a day old AM/PM burger... you know a coaster between to rock hard buns.
My wife had the breakfast burrito and all she could say was... We should have gone to Jack in the Box...
I don't think I need to say anything more.
The employees were really friendly and fixed my wife's bacon burrito when it showed up at the table with no bacon.
I would say try this place and maybe you can find what you are looking for.
For me it's too far away to justify mediocre food when In N Out and Freddie's are just across the street.

Tried the regular cheeseburger combo.
First: the burger.
It's okay.
Kind of a neutral beef taste, not bad but not all that outstanding.
The toppings: possibly the freshest tasting I've had at a restaurant.
the onion was strong, the tomato bursting with juice, and the lettuce crisp and tasteful.
the fries are more like french fries used to be, not the bland tasteless ones served by most fast food restaurants.
All in all, a nice cheeseburger experience.

I had ordered the Patty Melt when I had gone in the other day, it wasnt bad but it wasnt the best Ive had either.
I did enjoy the bread they used and the fries were infinitley better than most fast food chains.
I  I will go back and try another item from the menu, I like to keep an open mind about places and their products.
Just because one item isnt a stud doesnt mean the whole menu is poop.

Tried the Veggie Burger and it was ok.
I've had better but for the price and fast service, it was good.
The zucchini sticks are good.
The onion rings are huge but not enough batter on them and they lack flavor.
Overall, for a fast food chain it is definitely better than going to McDonald's.

This is a little out of my way, but I had a KSHP certificate that was going to expire, and since it is against my principals to allow any discount to go unused, I corralled Babygirl and promised we would only have to go to the drive-thru.
(Apparently, spending too much time with your mother is a great personal sacrifice.
sniff, sniff.
Or, maybe she's afraid I'll embarrass her, and, considering the fact that even I never know what I might say next, I guess she has a point).
Anyway, she got the burger with bacon and avocado, so of course it was good.
And I got a BLT, which more fast food places ought to serve as it is one of nature's most perfect foods.
Of course, it contained somewhat less than the pound o' pork I would have used, but it was pretty tasty nonetheless.
The fried zucchini is great- it comes in a huge order of crispy battered spears and the onion rings are actually onion rings.
YUM!
(Anyway, I think these were good.
As far as I know, they tasted like ranch dressing and ketchup, respectively).
The service was great, meaning the cashier was friendly, you could understand her voice on the speaker, the order was served up in a box (like doughnuts- not squished in a bag!
Yay!
), and, drumroll please: they got our order right!
This was drive-thru Nirvana!
I would definitely return.
I would like to try their breakfast- they have actual hash browns and fried eggs, not just variations on an Egg McMuffin like most fast food places.
However, a meal like that would lose something in being packed in styrofoam to go, so if I want to give the indoor dining a try, I guess I'll have to go without her!

We had Alisa help us.
She is a rare combination of friendliness and sincerity.
Management take notice, people like this should be  taken care of and promoted so they can try to replicate that level of genuine service.
Now for the food: it was fast food but not crappy fast food.
Kind of a cross between fast food and family-owned places if that makes sense.
We will return.
Gets an little busy during typical eating hours.
Breakfast served all day is a bonus.

First, I am a fan of Farmer Boy's.
I've been to several of them throughout California.
So what went wrong today, well I walked in and I waited and waited, then walked up to the line for the counter, one person in front of me being helped.
What did I wait for, they always say hello when I walk through the door?
Then someone usually walks up to the counter and says may I help you.
No, I had to wait for the one cashier, even though they had employees all over the place.
I get up to the counter and I am greeted, oh okay.
Then another employee walks by and says hello.
So, maybe I was judging too quickly.
My food came out and the French fries were ice cold.
No one ever asked if I needed a refill on my drink.
The burger had too much sauce on it, and it was runny.
But it still tasted good.
Then the big thing, no cow bell at the door when you exit?
I don't know, I come to expect certain things.
I would like to add that I have gotten 5 star service at Loma Linda and Clovis Farmer Boys.

Ehhh.
Better go to Wendy's for a chicken sandwich.
Order came out wrong... Twice.
Food is mediocre at best, slopped together and thrown on a basket.
Waste of money.

This place is always very clean, the staff is friendly (always a fan of that) and the food is pretty good.
Not the best food you will ever eat but decent for the price.
You walk in, order, pay and then they bring you your food.
I usually get the burger and if you check in on Yelp they have a special.
Check it out :)

First time there.
I checked in and got the cheeseburger combo.
Very generous portions!
I couldn't eat it all.
The cheeseburger was delicious!
Really big patty with generous toppings and the bun Is not a typical hamburger bun.
It was much bigger.
It was more like a roll.
I had the zucchini sticks instead of fries.
They were really big and thick cut but lacked flavor.
Overall I was very pleased but I don't think I will order the zucchini again.

I have tried this place twice.
This time I went all out and got the onion rings.
They try to make up for lack of taste with size.
I ordered a large and it is quite a lot.
But when you get down to it, it is only 7 rings.
One thing about onion rings is you need to use savory onions along with a great tasting batter.
Neither of these two main things were present.
The batter is flavorless and falls off into one big mess.
The onions were so hard they were not even cooked.
When frying foods you need to make sure things are fully cooked.
In this case size makes no difference.
I've had the burgers there and are generally, bleh, same as everyone else.
Nothing special.
Flavorless meat with so much toppings you are wondering if you are eating a topping sandwich instead of a hamburger.
Not worth the premium prices and bad onion rings.

We went back for lunch and tried the zucchini again and it was much better this time.
I love the burgers!
I will have to try something else next time.
I love that everything is high quality and fresh.
The service is also very good.

Its a fast food restraunt but if you eat there they serve you on real plates and have real silverware to use like a diner..
The food is always delicious and filling.
I love the French Toast!!
They are a little expensive but, its good.
Drive thru or walk in The staff seemed to be nice just hard to understand.
The menu is served all day from breakfast to dinner.
We will be back.

The Charbroiled Chicken sandwich is so good!
Stay away from the chili though.
The bread bowl it came in was awesome.
The chili, not so much.

Burger special was good, didn't pay extra to replace french fries for zucchini.
Another day I ordered French Toast and that was delicious.
Just a little pricey but overall it's good..
Friendly Service at this location..

Always drove by this place and finally decided to stop in.
I ordered the "natural burger" free-range, vegetarian feed beef.
It's a 1/3 pound with cheese.
I substituted the pickles and spread for tomato and lettuce and they accommodated.
Great tasting burger.
I wished I had ordered the combo with 2 massive zucchini and 2 massive onion rings & drink.
Oh well!
Next time.
I would have given it a 4-star but the wait and service was long and horrible.
They were apologetic but the wait for to go was way too long in my opinion and I wasn't in a rush.
I hope to visit again and make another review.

Hmmm, this one is difficult, parts impressed, parts just fell flat, descent burger, not so good fries, not a place I would go out of my way for.

What kind of service is that?
When I walked in this place there were almost no customers, but I had to wait for 25 minutes for my simple order.
When I finally got my sandwich, it was barely worm.
I'm not going there again!

You order your food at register and then seat yourself.
I waited 25 minutes for cold pancakes and eggs not cooked to my specifications.
I will NEVER come here again.

The employees are very friendly and make it feel like a home cafe.
Food is great, portions are big, and the price is fair!
90% of the menu is below $8.00

I give it three stars.
I asked for juice they gave me a bottle.
I could have stop at a local gas station for that.
The management could not buy orange juice all they have is pre bottles.
The cashier has a Idgaf attitude.
The tables are dirty.
See my pictures please.

This was the best fast food stop we made in Vegas.
Well, I guess this would be more of a "fast-casual" place.
You order up front, then someone brings the food to your table, and the place is more nicely decorated inside.
"The Natural" burger uses antibiotic-free meat.
Normally, a "healthier" place that tries to make a burger will screw it all up - there is a place in DC that tried it and the burgers tasted like wood shavings.
Not here, "The Natural" was a great fast-food burger.
Prices are a little higher on the fast-food scale but you pay more for higher quality ingredients.
Would definitely visit again, hopefully they expand East.

Good service and good food.
The downfall to this restaurant is that they serve Pepsi products only.

Their food is good but service can be really slow!
On this visit we went at 1:00 in the afternoon.
I know it was lunchtime but after 15 minutes waiting I asked them to pack our order to go because my daughter was going to be late for her first day on a new job.
She did not have time to eat which I was really upset about.
I will eat there again because I like the food but I will make sure I am in no hurry.

So a representative from Farmer Boys read my review and sent me coupons to try their restaurant again.
They sent me an email and letter apologizing for their lack of service.
I appreciated the acknowledgement and thankful that they were willing to take responsibility rather than make excuses.
I returned to the same location and the food was still outstanding, got to try the onion rings and zucchini.
They restored my trust with the follow-up and customer service.
Thus the increase in the rating.
We will see as I will be visiting the same location a few more times.
Will update later.

Just came back from eating here.
I feel bad for giving two starts because the food was pretty okay.
But I'm giving this for a reason.
We ordered the farmer burger, BLT, onion rings and a shake.
It was 20 bucks.
I'm not someone who goes to expensive places a lot so to me this was A LOT.
When I got my hamburger it was HUGE.
Which made me feel better about paying a lot.
The BLT tho was tiny.
My sister even got a bit mad.
The onion rings were good.
I liked how they had ranch, jalapeños and ect things for people to get.
Well the hamburger was pretty good and too big for me to eat.
We didn't get our milkshake until like 20 minutes after our food.
Did not like that.
The sandwich was okay.
The food overall was okay.
Very filling BUT I don't think it was worth the price and their "award wining" Hamburger tasted like hundreds of other burgers I've eaten that were a lot cheaper.
It was just normal food.
Nothing I'd ever go back for.
The shake was my favorite of the things and the employes were REALLY nice and helpful.
But I don't believe I'll ever be going again.

One day I had to drop by Wal Mart for some quick shopping, then since it was time for lunch I thought I would get some Del Taco, but wait there was a place I've never been to or heard of, "Farmer Boys".
I didn't even know their menu, but could see alot of cars going through the drive thru and plenty of cars parked outside.
I took a chance and ordered a burger combo with zucchini through the drive thru to take home.
I did kind of notice the bag, when handed to me was extremely heavy for what I ordered, but didn't think much of it (maybe some heavy ketchup packets?).
As I was driving along I could smell the aroma of fresh zucchini so I thought I would take a quick bite.
I reached into the bag and could feel one, so I started to pull it from the bag and it was HUGE!
like a foot long and enormous!
My first thought was I need to tell my wife and take her here, she would love it.
I got home and had a good lunch and was glad to find such a good place for once.
We went back there yesterday and went inside, again it was very busy and people know good value and good food, so it was a good sign.
Our lunch was really good, but I guess the only complaint from my wife was the air conditioner was turned up too high and it was freezing.
I actually like it that way, but even for me it was a bit over the top.
Overall service is excellent and the staff even comes out to the tables and takes away trays when they can.
The decor inside is like a old style farm/barn and kind of rustic, but still it's in the shape of a fast food chain so they don't quite get the effect across, but it's a excellent effort.
The menu has some good variety and if you don't want junk food, you can go the healthy route if you wish.
(Salads, wraps...).
The menu has calorie information, but no one should eat like that everyday right?
so no big deal, enjoy and treat yourself.
They have many locations in California and seems they have about 5 locations in the Las Vegas area, but it would be nice to see one in Henderson, just a little bit closer to where we live.
Good stuff!

So I came in to this restaurant thinking it be exactly like the ones from home.
But nothing like California farmer burgers.
I order a jalapeño burger thinking it be as advertises but so wrong was missing lettuce, tomatoes, onions and not to mention their register people should be more welcoming and be able to offer something different.
Or be greeted with would you like to try , so this will be last time I come here

Review update:  Still the best fish and zucchini I've ever had.
The portions are still giant, so two meals for me.
Lots of sauces and vinegar makes this girl happy.
New management has worked wonders - excellent, over-the-top service.
They get their star back, plus extra invisible ones for the positive changes.
Nom...nom...nom...

I love farmer boys!!!
Okay... Not in that way....
But the food is actually very good.
In a rush?
Want fresh fast food?
Farmer Boys is a great option for those seeking budget and fast gourmet.
But, don't get your hopes up, there are only three locations in the valley so not matter what, you will probably have to make a lengthy drive.
I promise it is worth it though.
I had breakfast last time which was greasy, but a great start to my day and served fresh on a glass plate.
You do not get that often at an establishment with a drive through.
This time I ordered the "big cheese".
This is a single cheese burger with all usual toppings and an addition of there own sauce ( much like in n outs).
The burger was great on a sesame seed bun, it held together nicely with that perfect amount of "good sandwich" drip.
The patty is good however I prefer mine with more seasoning, however, this will not dock it any points since we are still in the fast food category.
The kitchen was full of workers, ready to serve you.
And yes, they did check up on us at the table, more than once.
So in a scoop, it's worth giving a try.
Substitute your frys for their huge fried zucchini logs, they are prestige.

I really like their food, especially their breakfast burritos and chocolate shakes.
The service can be a little slow sometimes.
I've gone there to eat at the restaurant and ordered the same thing to go and the to go meal is like 1/2 to 3/4 of the meal you eat there.
When I bring it up to then they argue and say it's not true.
Whatever.
I will continue to go here but only for their breakfast burritos.

My vegetarian wife, loves this place, she could eat their veggie burger, "the market", everyday if she could.
Now, with that said, this place had a horrible and inattentive staff.
Also, this is one of the few place on earth I will eat that exclusively carries Pepsi products, I always bring my own coke...
I always get the bacon boy and it never fails to satisfy...
Note: the fried zucchini is highly recommended by everyone, but I have to say, they are very over rated.
Too much zucchini, not enough fried goodness, I suggest getting fries...

Met a client here for B fast.
I like this location and the access is easy to get in & out of.
Another positive is the have a large selection of specials and everything is cooked fresh to order.
I went for the breakfast combo and chose to add pancakes a minimal charge.
The sausage are served as patties and were lean, eggs cooked medium and the pancakes yummy.
Service here by the entire staff was friendly and they are were constantly refilling our the coffee cups.
I was so satisfied I brought additional clients the following day.

