Dobbies is pretty awesome, and super addictive.
I first came here because I'm big into my garden and someone mentioned that it's a good place to buy plants.
Is it EVER.
It's massive.
It's huge inside - full of indoor plants, animals, fish, furniture, gifts, tack, etc, but the outside is so big I've not even seen it all.
Outside you will find TONS of different types of plants, a whole section of grow your own fruit/veg, trees, green houses, garden decorations, compost, summer houses, sheds, and CHICKENS AND DUCKS!!
Despite looking, I've never seen the chickens and ducks because the place really is that massive.
Almost better than the size is the fact that it's pretty reasonably priced and the plants are well tended and very healthy.
Our primary reason for coming here in the winter months is defiintely the market hall.
It's got a little section of locally grown produce, nice cured meats and cheeses, top end beers, wines and spirits, great flavoured oils and vinegars, a fabulous butcher section, and then basically all of that really pretty and expensive food stuff that you tend to get for gifts but would never buy for yourself because it's expensive and really not that practical.
I heard from a friend recently that they host kids' parties here as well which are pretty reasonably priced and *really* well done.
Dobbies literally has something for everyone and is in itself a fun day out just to look around and do a bit of exploring.
It's kind of like Ikea for families and gardeners.

Spacious with an extensive range from plant labels to chainsaws, bird seed to dog food and a large aquatics section.
Service was good and the café is worth a visit.
Pricey though, so be prepared to remortgage your home before you spend!

Best value breakfast around.
£5.95 with coffee for two.
Lovely!

Dobbies Garden World is ideally situated just round the corner from The Melville Inn, so if one has a partner who likes one, but not the other then this would surely work out for both parties.
Dobbies have a really good café and an amazing deli, beer wine & spirit section.
I am not a gardener, so, have no clue about the Gardening Centre.
I had the Steak Pie with Roast Potatoes, Broccoli, Cauliflower Cheese and, let's not forget the one, small slice of carrot.
The pie was the (quite possibly) the best that I've yet eaten.
Sadly, the staff who were serving acted like they lost the winning lottery ticket only to find their neighbor had picked it up.
A great and inexpensive place to stop off fir a bite to eat.

