The widest selection of vodka Martini's, probably in the planet.
It is a bar in the hallway at the Encore outside of Andrea's.
It's a bar to get a couple of drinks and continue on.
Only has 10 seats.
Cynthia is a Martini pro!
Try the bacon and maple.

Awesome peanut butter martini!!!!!!

Saw this on our way to dinner.
Had a cool design and interesting cocktails listed.
Wanted to stop in for a cocktail as we were 30 mins early for our reservation.
We waited for about 5-10 minutes and then the bartender walked over and said "I need to see ID" and then walked away.
After another 5 minutes, she checked our IDs and said she would be right with us.
We waited another 10 minutes while she chatted with the only other couple at the bar.
I got up and left as I didn't want to miss my reservation and the restaurant next door.
I honestly had never written a bad review to date but I was annoyed by her lack of professionalism.
They lost out on 2 drinks and the chance of another 2 after dinner.

The best night of my life.
Incredible drinks.
Awesome service.
They say that since this is on the casino floor it's not a "destination bar".
It is my favorite bar in Vegas because the drinks, the atmosphere, the variety, and the knowledge and friendliness of the staff is just perfection.
Try the Blood Orange Martini, and the Cotton Candy.
And the Espresso.
They will change your life.

Right outside of Andrea's at the Encore.
We were waiting on our table and we said what the hell let's have some martinis.
I can assure you they make some nice martinis.
Whatever flavor crosses your mind this guys will weep up something and it would be very tasty.
We got a nice buzz going before we went in and with the cocktails we had at Andrea's it came to be a perfect night.

4 stars for the cool and innovative drinks 2 star for the extreme price  came here  a few times, dont love the service, nothing special here, juist a cool place near a club that has pretty cool and interesting vodka drinks  got a vodka espresso, which surprisingly was really good!
you can taste the coffee in the drink, itl give you a nice jolt before you go out and party or club!
but it was like 18 bucks or so

Amazing bar with an amazing selection!
If vodka is your drink, then this is the place.
Very classy- beautiful location and hotel.

