I went in here, orderd chicken delizia and BBQ chicken pizza for the first time!!!
They were soo good..
I have lived here 10 years and I have not found any better pizza!!
They have great prices, and really good quality gourmet pizza, baked on brick stone wood fire oven..
I will have to come back..

I bought a Yelp Coupon to this place a while back, $10 for $20 worth of food and was super excited to check it out based on a few of the reviews but when We drove accross town to get there we found out they were out of cheese.
About a month later when we were back in that neighborhood we tried again, and Im glad we did.
We had an appetizer with hummus and pita bread, cucumbers, pepperchinis and olives.
The homemade hummus was delicious and the pitta was warm and soft.
it was a very tasty appetizer especially with the cucumber and olives.
The pizza we ordered was called "hearty veggie"  It was a white pizza using Alfredo sauce .
Artichokes, garlic, onion and some other ingredients made it a super tasty pie, I added a little sirracha to mine and was in heaven.
The atmosphere wasn't spectacular, it felt very crammed and messy, but we ate great pizza and thats really the most important thing.
Plus the staff were very nice, the pizza maker was proud of his pizza and put a lot of love into it.
I like that.
We will be back.
but probably take the pizza to go.

I decided to give them a try and as I parked I found the place closed, even though the website said they were open at the time of my visit.
I think they may have closed down the place, don't waste your time.

Got a menu for Pizzalicious a few weeks ago and wanted to try it out because of their large selection of specialty pizzas.
I was browsing Yelp and saw they had a $10 for $20 special, which gave me more incentive to give it a go.
Got the Greek Marathon specialty pizza, which was a "Must Try" without onions.
Instead of red sauce, I picked to switch it to a creamy garlic sauce.
Delicious.
The staff got straight to work and had it done within ten minutes, which was super nice.
I tend to only get cheese pizzas, but I thought it would be a crime not to get something different.
Luckily, I was in the right to choose something different for once.
It tasted like... biting into a gyro without the meat.
The garlic and feta combo was perfect!
The only thing to complain about is the decor.
It screams old pizza joint which I thought was weird because they just opened.
I didn't really mind cause I was grabbing it to go, but it struck me as odd.
But overall, it was a spectacular expedience with the food and staff.
I will definitely have to come back to try other pizzas soon!

Lots of coupon offers on website, yelp, and groupon  good prices, good food, just wish they were open later

I absolutely agree with previous reviews.
I was about to make a pizza myself but hunger was telling me that it'll take a lot longer than take out :)  Ordered Pesto Extravaganza and Maui Maui... both were great.
I usually don't eat the crust but this one was pretty palatable so I cleaned up.
It is not Pizza Hut-cheap but it is absolutely worth it.

Ordered a caramelized XL pizza which was fresh tasting and cooked properly, about 4 stars :) Definitely needed a little more sauce, barely any on it, and more shrooms for my $2 up charge.
Up charging me $2 to swap shrooms for roasted garlic after telling me $1 over the phone :(  You're a small pizza shop, who in my opinion, should swap out a topping for nothing if you want to stay in business instead of trying to nickel & dime your customers.
And on top of that there weren't very many on them either.
Definitely could've been friendlier over the phone and in person, the girl working tonight.
The actual dining area is small and is set up more for eating a quick slice rather than going to dinner there.
So, $26 pizza with an additional $2 for barely any mushrooms plus tax, minus $5 due to website coupon, ended up being $25 out the door.
Way overpriced compared to what else you can get locally with the same quality of ingredients.
So, when looking at the star descriptions, "Meh.
I've experienced better", was the appropriate rating.

My favorite pizza in all of Vegas!
I'm not a crazy pizza critic but out of all the one I've tried... Metro Pizza, Russo, Fat Moes, Happy Pizza and Naked City... Pizzalicious is by far superior.
They have variety on top of more variety.
Every time we have ordered delivery they are earlier than expected!
Very friendly.
The food yum.
Simply it's delicious.

Pizza was super yummy.
We ordered the thin crust pizza with pepperoni.
The sauce is delicious.
And probably my favorite part.
With the pepperoni it was not too greasy.
The cheese was perfectly cooked.
They didn't add too much like some places do which was great.
I would recommend.
We will probably order pizza here more often now.

The guy that owns this restaurant is super nice always helpful.
Amazing pizza & wings !!!
Fast service and great food.

I'm lactose intolerant so I order pizza without cheese.My review is based solely on the quality of the toppings and crust.
This places crust is perfect and the vegetable toppings fresh.
It has my 5 star review.
If your crust jockey you'll enjoy this place.

We live around the corner, off Russell & buffalo.
We had coupons that came in the mail that we were pleased to see.
We went with "PIZZA & SALAD LARGE 3 TOPPING PIZZA & GREEK SALAD ONLY $16.99".
I copied it from their website they have a coupon section.
Okay our pizza was extra cheese, pepperoni & light sauce.
I have to say I loved the crust, the toppings & the high quality of the ingredients.
Very delicious pizza!
I did NOT like their greek salad.
It was mixed salad blend.
Whatever they use for the salad as far as the dark green leafs were so disgustingly bitter, I made a face as if I was having a sour patch kids candy.
It was hard to swallow, so I worked my way around the dark green leafs.
Again quality of the ingredients was high.
I won't be getting the greek salad unless they change the mix to a less bitter tasting flavored lettuce.
The artichokes hearts were delicious though.
http://www.lvpizzalicious.com/coupons They have a dinner special deal.
"5 COURSE DINNER ONE LARGE 2 TOPPING PIZZA, ANY SALAD, 10 WINGS, CHEESY GARLIC BREAD & NY STYLE CHEESECAKE ONLY $34.99".
You save a few bucks ($5).
The only thing I thought their large was small (14").
I guess we're spoiled compared to our regular pizza place.. pick up special is16" pizza for $7.99 plus toppings being $1.75 each.
The ingredients are high quality there also.
I'll still give them a 4 star rating, "YAY!
I'm a fan".
Pizza was awesome.

