Delicious food!
Very authentic, which if you know real Mexican food, you know guacamole and sour cream are not always part of the dish.
The owners are also the cooks.
Reminds me of moms cooking.

Friendly, personable staff, good food and large portions.
I'll be going back again to see what else they have.
The California burrito is huge, but a bit on the dry side because we believe missing the guac and sour cream.

Went for the first time today...
I ordered the chile verde combination...
The food was ok not much of a wow factor but it wasn't bad.
The service was great!
I will come by to try something else.
So I guess until next time I'm hoping my review will have another star.

Been here three times.
Every time, service is great, fast, courteous, and attentive.
Ceasar is a very nice guy.
Last night he took the extra time to explain things for me.
I appreciate the attention.
Every time we come we try one new thing.
We always get tacos though!!!
The soft tacos are AMAZING!!!
The hard shell tacos are huge, but just as good.
My husband says he could drink the salsa with a straw.
Last night we ordered a "torta" this is a Mexican style sandwich.
Beans, your choice of meat, Pico, lettuce, tomato, guacamole, layered on a hoagie style roll that has been grilled.
The "torta" is not for me.
My husband loved it.
The asada fries are my personal favorite!
Get them with carnitas, CARNITAS ON EVERYTHING!!

Been there several times and the food is authentic Mexican.
It is family owned/run restaurant.
Soups are exceptional.
Owner will make tortilla fresh if you ask.
Everything we've eaten have great homemade favor, portions are large, and they will make your meal hot or middle, just.
Oh, prices are very reasonable.
Can't beat that!
We'll be back many times.

Definately family owned, bad part about small restsurants like this is that they dont hire actual waiters...usually a son, daughter niece handles this task and the downside to this is when there are more than 2 occupied tables service gets a bit sloppy but, everyone is very nice.
Now to the food, if you are a menudo or pozole (pork and homony soup) fan please give this place a shot, tortillas are hand made for menudo and the pozole is made with niztamal which is the original way to make it.
All the other dishes we've tried are good but, nothing to go crazy over.
Ill come back for pozole for sure.

Such a great mom+pop Mexican place!
Authentic food and you can taste the freshness!
I recommend to all my friends!

Yes the Son waits on tables and Mom cooks.
I am white and blessed to have Mexican friends with Grandma's that make unbelievable soups.
This place is right up there.
Try the albondigas (meatball) sooo good.
Lots of veggies.
Check them out!
We need to keep these great home cooking places around.

Great authentic mexican reminds of Moms home cooking,  too bad they don't have a liquor license so my wife can enjoy her micheladas!

So far so good:: it's kinda slow/ the salsa lacks something??
But it's salsa non the less, they have tv and a projector for parties:: I live where there hardly is no food:: so something in a corner like this sometimes can be surprising:: I had a cheese quesadilla :: hmmm:: and SURPRISE :: it was great:: came out hot, had all my cheese melted:: best of all a quality cheese taste.. Also the Chicken Shredded Enchilada passed go as well!
Red sauce was good.. Again a huge surprise and a Happy Yay:: cause I live near this resturant::  The only down side is the bar next door and the smell leaks over :: bummer::  Service was at first non existent but then it turned into being cute!
Mom and pops shop!

My husband and I got chicken burrito to go.
Later I found big ass blonde hair in my burrito ewww.
Not good

Went for some Menudo and was very disappointed with what we got.
No "granitos"  2.
Kind of cold.
No Handmade tortillas We order coffee  Nasty cheap coffee

food is real authentic, staff is  friendly nice place

Food was yummy!
Authentic Mexican food.
The BF rarely ever says Mexican restaraunt are good because they can't beat his moms cooking.
He actually liked this place and said it was good!
The only reason they get a 4 is because it is a little bit unorganized.
It's obviously family owned and operated.
Everyone is very friendly.
We just couldn't tell who worked there and who was a patron.
Uniforms and someone greeting as people walked in would make it a 5!

This place was great!
We knew the owner from a previous restaurant he used to own and when he sold it, we stopped going.
I'm so glad we found him again.
Food was authentic and greatly priced.
Service was friendly and super fast!
And their menu has a wide variety of options which is awesome!
I am definitely will be a returning customer!

