The place is cool with white and black furniture inside.
The music is awesome because I like house music.
Drinks for happy hour were $ 2-4.
We ordered the sampler platter and the best was the beef skewer.
I would definitely come back for music but not the food.

$2 drink happy hour which includes some pretty decent mix drinks.
My favorite of the three is the big stick.
It taste just like the big stick frozen dessert.
I also tried the sky berry lemonade which tasted like koolaid.
Will have to revert back to the big stick.
They have the typical bar food which is decently priced.
We are here on a Friday night at 9:30ish and is not so busy.
They play house music and have a table to play beer pong.
We also ordered the coconut shrimp and they were really tasty.
They are U-15 Black Tiger shrimps, lightly coated with coconut, served with a spicy peach marmalade.
It also came with an apple coleslaw.
Price for this appetizer (3 Shrimps total), is $7.
Kind of pricey, but big taste.

Great food, music, and atmosphere.
A hidden gem in vegas away from the strip.
I will definitely return

I have been here before and after its revamping, and it most definitely meets my tri fecta in standars.
It has great food, good ambiance, and great prices.
Along side a great staff that's attentive and helpful with helping you pick what you want to drink and eat, there is also plenty of parking for your party.
I especially loved their themed nights throughout the week where they host playing house to 90's favorites.
Upon entrance you will see how urbanized and noticeably chic Remixx is by their sleek furniture and lighting.
I absolutely love the over-sized projector and their comfy couch chairs.
If living in Vegas, I would be here every night trying out their different appetizers and specials.
An added bonus is they make sure to put on the game or put on the fight if you're a sports person!
A great spot for dinner and drinks to meet with friends after work or happy hour with the co-workers.
I would recommend this to locals who want great bar food/music and company but don't want to pay the high prices for Vegas ambiance.

Right when I entered, the bartender greeted us and ask us to choose a table or bar.
The place was pretty decent size and it was very dark inside.
With the heat ugh not good.
It was so hot inside there.
Very uncomfortable.
The bartender was very nice though.
They had a happy house menu at the bar.
I tried the BBQ pulled pork sliders.
It was came with 2 pork sliders and taro chips.
It was very good.
3.5/5 .
I also tried the Carne Asada wontons 3/5.
This place seem like there potential.
An A/C would be a start.

This place is great!!
The food rocks the service is perfect!!
U have to try it, happy hr til 9 pm

If I could sum up my experience at Remiix, it would be "meh.
" It wasn't horrendous, it was just meh.
Atmosphere I came here during their happy hour (5p-9pm everyday and all day Sunday).
And I must say I'm happy it was happy hour, otherwise I would have been pretty upset with paying full price for the quality I received.
It was a Thursday night and it was pretty dead, just the bartender and the chef that were sitting at the bar.
The music that was playing when I first arrived was soft rock.
Not something I want to listen to as I'm having a cocktail with my friend.
The bartender did change the music eventually  to something more upbeat.
I don't think they had AC either because there were a bunch of fans around the room.
Service Our bartender was very nice.
She told me her name but I'm horrible remembering names.
I just know her middle name is Marie because she looked at my ID and said that my first name is her middle name.
Anyway, she was very friendly.
She explained what was on the happy hour menu to my friend and I and she answered the questions that we had about the items.
She was very attentive and made sure that we were doing ok. One star to her.
Plus our orders were delivered quickly.
That's another star.
Drinks For happy hour, it was 2 for 1.
I ordered the spiked passion fruit lemonade, I think that's what it was called.
It had citrus vodka, passion fruit purée and lemonade.
She said she was out of the passion fruit purée and could substitute it for strawberry or mango.
I was kind of bummer but I opted for the strawberry.
It was actually really yummy.
Not too sweet like I thought it would be.
By the time I finished it, I could already feel the alcohol.
(I did drink half of it on an empty stomach so that's probably why I felt it quickly.
) For my other drink, I don't even remember what it was called because I didn't care too much for it.
It had champagne and other stuff but I could not finish it.
You pretty much could only taste the champagne.
My friend liked it, but as for me, not so much.
So one more star to te yummy lemonade drink.
Food This is why they only got 3 stars.
The food was awful.
We ordered from the happy hour menu which was only $5 per appetizer.
I know you get what you pay for, but other places offer better food for the same price during their happy hour.
The carne asada wontons were cold and soggy when I bit into them.
I also ordered the pork sliders with taro chips.
The taro chips were so oily and undercooked.
Some weren't even crispy yet.
The slider itself was horrible.
The sandwhich fell apart as soon as I picked it up.
I had to eat it with a fork because the bread was so soggy it could not support the weight of the extremely overly sauced pork.
Only reason I ate it all was because I hadn't eaten since 1130 in the morning and it was almost 9 pm when we got there.
All in all, our bartender was the saving grace for the visit.
I won't be back and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.

Trying stuffed jalapeño poppers, remiix meatballs, soondaboo, and my cocktail on happy hour is remiix vacation.
So appropriate as I get ready to catch a flight.
Jalapeño are fresh pankoed up with cream cheese in the middle, drizzled with spicy mayo sauce.
Pretty delicious if your prefer fried food.
Meatballs was probably my favorite.
It's like a hamburger meat jun mixed with veggies.
Honestly, the soondaboo was a disappointment.
Not what you would expect at all.
I often eat Korean food, so It's not like I wouldn't know what it is.
We barely touched it.
Aside from that, service was great, our waitress was very helpful and kind.
I will probably give it another try, it wasn't that bad, but didn't quite wow me.
I sat give it a shot though, everyone has their own opinion!

We really enjoyed it!
Super nice service and great food.
Will come with some friends and sing karaoke.
The kimchi is prepared here and is fantastic.
Loved the house sauce that came with the popcorn chicken.
We went back and it was not the same taste, it took 30 min to get our food!
There was no beer on draft, and the waitress was inexperienced.
Will not go back.

This place is the bomb 4 dollar rolls cant beat that anywhere.
Everything on the menu sounds goid must try all.

My friends and I came here for a birthday.
We had the best service and time.
We loved it.
chelsea!!!!!!!!!!
Was amazing!!!!

Best service ever!
Make sure you ask for Chelsea.

Wonderful awesome atmosphere hip place excellent food great prices$$.
Best spot in town for late night 2 on weekdays 3 in weekend.
When I want fast delicious food I make togo orders.
Cant beat the portion size and the prices.

This place is a hidden gem!
Great food.
Great staff.
Great atmosphere.
A place everyone needs to know about.
Chicken bulgogi tacos are on point and the street style corn is a must!!
Sit at the bar or booths.
Bartenders make this place!
If your looking for dinner or late night grub you can't go wrong with this place.

Came here on a Sunday night & my boyfriend & I were literally the only customers.
This is a korean infused bar and restaurant.
I had to give this place an "okay" rating because of the delivery.
Although it was a nice looking interior & great food presentation..
The taste & professionalism were not there.
The food wasnt bad nor did it live up to the hype.
Decent pricing & nice people.
However, pajamas and no smiles werent appealing or professional.
One day I'll come back though.
Hope to taste & see improvements.

I love this place!
Everything on the menu is good, love the ambiance and their customer service is the best!
I've been here multiple times and I always leave satisfied!
I highly recommend this place!
I love their version of 'elote' which is the street style corn, its got all the awesomeness without the mess.
Their signature cocktails are made to perfection!
You cant go wrong with any of them.

The best Korean food I've found in Las Vegas.
This is a family operated business, and you can feel how passionate they are from the food they put out and the way they take care of patrons.
Their menu is a mix of traditional and contemporary Korean cuisine.
Both styles they execute perfectly.
They have a true sense of pride in everything they put out.
They go the extra mile and make all their own side dishes and soy sauce.
Do yourself a favour and go there, get a drink, order a couple things.
You won't regret it.

I love this place!!
It's actually next to my favorite bar in Vegas as well so it's perfect for me.
Oh yeah, let's talk about Remiix.
This is what Korean fusion is supposed to be.
I have tried Komex awhile back since people raved about it, I was severely disappointed.
But Remiix is where I go for my bulgogi burritos, and of course the spicy tuna rolls.
I keep trying new things on the menu and it's always good.
The staff is friendly and I love the atmosphere.
As I'm tying this review in the restaurant, they are playing Journey.
It's a pretty nifty looking place and I dig the food.
I have given up on being super descriptive a long time ago, so if you are in the mood for some unique dishes and flavors, check it out

This is a really really really awesome Korean/Japanese fusion place.
Favorites are the Bulgogi beef burritos, which are really good sizes it has kimchi fried rice inside and like some sort of fresh salad which totally binds the whole burrito together.
The Bulgogi beef tacos have some of the same ingredients minus the fried rice.
These are both under $10.
The spicy tuna roll is sooo good $3.99!
Unbelievable.
I like Remiix more than Soyo, more than Jun's, more than any other Korean place that isn't bbq.
Oh I don't have a picture but the Korean pancakes with like the chives here are pizza size :)

Wonderful restaurant/bar with creative food and top-notch service.
It was completely dead when we went in, which surprised me, but it WAS the day after Memorial Day.
The lovely Japanese girl took very good care of us!
I was craving nigiri and, though it isn't on the menu, she informed me that they could do it, no problem!
My boyfriend is super picky and she was way too understanding (more so than me lol) and tried to help him.
OK so the spicy crab mussels...OMG amazing.
Just an orgasm in your mouth.
The nigiri was great, too; very fresh fish and especially for not having it on the menu.
The sushi rice was falling apart a bit, but no biggie.
OH I also got a spicy tuna hand roll which was huge and bursting with deliciousness.
They have so many other great-looking things on the menu that I want to try next time; Korean stuff, etc.
Oh and they have great American stuff, too, like fries and quesadillas.
Wow!
AND they are open until 2am!
What a win!

Great place!
Went in around midnight on a Friday and it was nearly empty, which worried me a little bit.
Sat at the bar and ordered the dragon roll and the spicy pork tacos.
Everything was fantastic!
Great service and a cool looking restaurant.
And they are very reasonably priced.
I'll definitely be going back.

Awesome local spot!
My father introduced me to this place and is a huge fan!
We love the Spicy Pork and Beef Bulgogi.
They have awesome rolls there as well.
Best place to sit is at the bar, the staff is friendly and welcoming.
Delicious little spot to get your Korean fix in.

Food is really good but the service was slow.
Took 1 hr for drinks and two rolls.
Might give them a second chance.
However, might not.

