Great mechanics!
Service was professional, honest and they got me back on the road quickly.
It's hard to find reliable mechanics.
These guys give great service!

I had a great experience at Vegas Valley Fleet and Auto.
They just opened a few months ago and do great work.
Each of the mechanics has a lot of experience and they really are honest.
It's nice to have someone you can trust to do just what needs to be done.
Highly recommended!

Finally an honest auto shop.
Matt and his team are great.
Thought I was going to have to take out a small loan for my repairs, but the prices were very reasonable.
Brought my car in the morning and ready the same d ay.
Explained the work that was needed and actually showed me the old parts.
I would definitely recommend Vegas Vally Fleet.
Thanks  again.

Finding great customer service is so rare these days, but I found it here!
I went in for an oil change and to get my car checked for a weird "clunking" noise.
They test drove my car with me and I pointed out the noise that I was hearing.
They called and told me that they might have to replace a certain part and they quoted me a price which wasn't bad at all.
Then they called me again and told me that the parts were in good condition and they had to just tighten up the loose bolts.
I really appreciated their honesty in not having to replace the part and the price they charged for labor was very decent (unlike the dealerships where I usually have to pay ~$200 just for labor).
I'm glad I found this place - recommended to me by my sister.
Overall, they're just really kind, friendly, and honest!
Definitely recommend this place.

After way too many nightmare ordeals with almost every auto repair business, including the dealership, finally I found a place that I can say, "I had a great experience".
It's almost as if all the other places see a woman, driving a descent car and there's a sign on her forehead that says, "SUCKER".
I was so pleasantly surprised at the professionalism, kindness and honesty.
I brought my car in and it was done in no time at all, most importantly, without all the usual additional charges.
The only thing left to say is, "Thanks Matt!

Honest and dependable mechanics!!!
Asked them to inspect my entire car and brake system as my car has over 100K miles and was having break issues.
Spent less than $200.
Will definitely be back when needed.
Thanks guys!

A good mechanic friend tipped me off to them.
Very honest dependable group of guys working at the shop.
I own a euro car and I think they have exp in any type of car.
10 times cheaper than taking it to your great service department where you purchased your car.
Mind you at the dealership they are charging you 150/hr for labor and the mechanic gets commission only.
These guys do it the right way and never scheme to make an extra dollar.
They also work with extended warranties.

