This is for the Orange Julius I ordered....  Yummy...brings back memories of my childhood and the mall.
I'm positive there's a ton of sugar but it was delish regardless.
3 something dollars for a medium on a semi hot day made this Orange Julius hit the spot.
Cheese curds caught my eye...might have to try them next time even though I'm sure they are artery clogging cheese bites.

Very friendly at the drive-thru and an awesome Blizzard right around the corner from us.
What else could you ask for?

First time at this location and tried the $5 lunch.
Great deal, great food and very friendly and staff!
We will come to this location from now on (instead of the much less friendly S. Rainbow location).

Having grown up in the Midwest I've always been a DQ fan, and I'm glad to see that they have a presence in Vegas.
I don't do their burgers, I could care less about their grill offerings.
It's all about the soft serve or Blizzards.
An M&M mini sized Blizzard on a hot Vegas summer day is one of those wonderful things that makes the heat a little more bearable.
4 Stars: Get in, get chilled, and get on with your day.
This location has never messed up an order, and the drive through is always fast.

The obvious is DQ ice cream is always good so that's not in question.
As for this location, been here once and my review is solely based on the kid running the intercom.
He was untrained, unclear, and impolite.
We were happy with our order but there's plenty of other ice cream spots to choose from with better service.

I always get pretty good service here but once I changed my mind about going in and I left- the cashier flipped out and looked at us crazily while making all these unnecessary hand motions

This Dairy Queen was slightly disappointing.
I usually go through the drive thru because it is more convenient for me and I only live a few minutes away.
However, upon receiving my blizzard at the drive thru, it was very melted.
I went there again yesterday and I was driving away when I realized that they forgot the most important part of my order: the ice cream!
I went back and I had to go inside and when I got my ice cream, it was melted.
I still give 3 stars because although my ice cream was melted, it was still decent tasting.

For the most part I like this place.
It's the closest burger joint to my house.
The drive thru wait time typically varies from wow that was quick to holy crap i could've gone out of my car go to the bathroom inside come back and my order would still be in the process of being made.
The burgers and chicken sandwiches are always solid (well, as far as fast food burgers go I suppose), I usually don't have the shakes and smoothies so I can't vouch for it that much.
Now my main problem is there's a dip in service at around the dinner hours.
I've never had a problem with the afternoon to mid-afternoon staff but, as of writing this review, this is the second time the night staff has forgotten parts of my order (i.e.
an actual burger or chicken sandwich), and they've never been big orders either.
I'm not sure what happens but its frankly a bit annoying.
It won't keep me from coming to this location yet but it's starting to get a bit frustrating.
tl;dr: Food: 8 (as far as fast food goes) Service: 9 (during afternoons), 6 (during nights)

Loving their $5 Buck lunch which includes the entrée of your choice: chillicheese dog or chicken straps or grilled burger with cheese  Drink and a sundae Can't go wrong with that!

Currently waiting in the drive thru for 2 blizzards.
It's taking a lot longer than it should for only 2 blizzards, especially since there wasn't anyone else in the drive thru.
But no matter.
It's a blizzard.
I like ice cream.
I'll wait for my double fudge cookie dough blizzard.

