My first encounter with this organization was at Exploration Park while attending a pet event.
Having a kinkajou that you can pet at the event made them stand out, I followed them on Facebook and learned that they have been trying to raise money to build an exotic animal petting zoo in Las Vegas, NV.
After some time I was then able to volunteer my help to help clean up after the animals and assist in their socialization.
I got to meet Stacey who runs the zoo, she's a smart, dedicated woman who really loves animals.
Right now they have a small variety of animals such as kinkajous, sugar gliders, hedgehogs, a turtle, tarantula to name a few.
I believe they are all rescues.
She currently has programs available where she will bring the animals out for parties and school and scout educational programs.
Just give her a call or email to let her know what you're interested in.
She hold fund raising events when able, so keep an eye out and help bring this cool zoo into fruition.
the site for donations is www.indiegogo.com/wildadventureszoo.

Wild Adventures Zoo is in the process of being built.
Wild Adventures Zoo will be more than a physical zoo.
They are also an organization that includes educating people about animals.
This review pertains to the organization holding an event on Saturday, July 13 that financially helped support the construction of the physical Wild Adventures Zoo.
I will be honest.
I am a sensitive guy that adores animals.
I will admit that I cried when I saw "Old Yeller.
" So, when I saw that April.
D posted an event that would help support the construction of Wild Adventures Zoo in Vegas, I was "in.
"    The event took place from 5 to 7 PM.
The attendees paid $5 to support the construction of the zoo in exchange for spending a couple of hours in a trailer with their animals.
Wild Adventures Zoo is not going to be a zoo with elephants, lions, and bears.
It is going to be an exotic petting zoo.
So, I'd spend time with a hedgehog, large turtle, lizard, snake, two kiakajous, and coatimundi.
The turtle and two kiakajous were out of their cages and charming the attendees.
Let me say that the speed that the turtle walked makes me believe that a turtle could win a hare in a race.
The hedgehog was a small adorable creature that is nothing like the famous video game character.
There was a cute moment when it climbed out of its cage to visit the neighboring animal.
A informative staff member was leading the two kiakajous on a leaches.
Everyone adored them.
There was a couple of snakes that attendees were allowed to hold.
The other star was a coatimundi.
The coatimundi was full of life.
I found the animal more entertaining than some of the current prime time shows currently on the air.
One minute he is climbing along the cage and the next playing with the drink bowl.
Throughout the event, the staff enthusiastically talked over the animals and answered questions.
In addition to the $5 admission, there were additional options to help support the construction of the zoo.
There was a raffle drawing and snow cones.
I was here for an hour.
This was a hot July afternoon.
And it can get hot in a trailer.
I left with the feeling that I was proud to have helped support the construction of an exotic petting zoo and that I wish Wild Adventures Zoo well in the future.
The Daniel.
S 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge Review 99.

I love checking out all kinds of animals and cool creatures, especially when you can get up close and pet them.
For a $5 donation, we got to meet a few residents of the upcoming opening of the Wild Adventures Zoo, an exotic animal petting zoo that will be located on the Southwest side of town.
There were a few snakes we got to handle, a Leopard Gecko, even cooler than the Geico one, a Blue Tongued Skink, we even got to carefully pet a Hedgehog that was cooler than Sonic, Wifey even let the little Agouti suck her thumb like a baby!
The Kinkajou and the Coatimundi were other cool animals we saw, and Guido the Tortoise was visiting with everyone and even performed feats of strength by moving a steel chair a good distance...yeah, his shell was too big to go under the chair...LOL!
This Zoo will be a great attraction for the kids and family, and I can't wait to come back when they open.
ALOHA!!

