Innate Dog Training is the best dog training company in Las Vegas.
The trainer is very knowledgeable in what he does.
Whether you want just basic commands, sit, stay etc.
or have a challenging pup, he gets results fast.
I have an aggresssive pup that just terrorizes my other dog.
He has trained her where I now have control of the little imp.
Under his guidance & with his patience I now have both dogs eating next to each other, sleeping together & playing nice & I don't worry that they will get into a dog fight.
I now have two very well mannered dogs who go everywhere with me.
He is a professional who takes pride in his work.
He is always willing to answer any questions I might have, even after our sessions.
He is a special trainer, honest, caring & compassionate.
I highly recommend Innate Dog Training for all your training needs.

How do we love Nate's training?
Let us count the ways.
One bark for the patience and love for animals.
Two barks for the followup after training.
Three barks for helping me learn to train my own dogs so I have the best dogs on the block.
Four barks for continuous weekend training after you finish the paid program for continued socialization and tune ups.
And five barks for consistent, indisputable results.
That's five barks!
ARF!
ARF!
ARF!
ARF!
ARF!

The consummate professional, Nathan is very knowledgable and always a pleasure to deal with.
He has helped our family with a over zealous lab and she has been a blessing since he trained her.
Highly recommend him and his service to all!
Thanks Nathan!

Nathan @ Innate Dog training helped me with my 2 gsd Ziva & Gibbs.
They have been trained in basic obedience, distraction work, & protection training.
Each dog can bowl, sled,zipline & surf!
These dogs go where I go!
Great temperaments that started with the best foundation a dog owner can ask for.
INNATE DOG TRAINING IS the way to go!

I turned to Innate Dog Training when I realized that my once pleasant, happy-go-lucky, easy-to-get-along-with lab shepherd mix, Jimmy, needed further training.
I wish that I could give 5-stars like the other reviews but, given my experiences, I'm not able to.
My husband and I had planned to go on our first weekend trip since moving here and needed to board our dog (which we'd never done).
But where he once got along with all pooches, his behavior around new dogs was now unpredictable and sometimes volatile since our move across country.
We sent him to a popular doggy day care for a "test run" prior to our trip and were asked to pick him up because he wasn't socializing well with others.
I was devastated and ready to cancel our trip.
I called Nathan based on yelp recommendations and he seemed confident he could help us.
Our first phone conversation in June was pleasant.
We threw around the idea of an appointment later that day but ultimately settled on a day later in the week when my husband would be home.
Later that same day, Nate rang my doorbell.
He'd accidentally scheduled the appointment for that day and we went on with the meeting since he was already there (he stated he was preoccupied because his grandmother had had a stroke recently).
He suggested behavior modification training, explained the process and the tools, and suggested boarding at his home for socialization.
I left a deposit for training and scheduled a few days later for Nate to pick Jimmy up.
I sent Jimmy off for boarding a couple of days before our trip.
The plan was for approximately 2 weeks of boarding for socialization.
During and after our trip I'd contact Nate and ask for updates or photos and would either not get a response or would get something that didn't answer my questions.
For example, I asked how he was doing and if he was adjusting well to sleeping in a crate and I'd get a response that he was doing well and playing with other dogs right now.
After a while of not responding I pressed him for answers and he stated his grandfather had been rushed to the hospital so he was unable to get in contact.
When we were back from our trip we asked when my husband could come see him and Nathan would say that his classes were cancelled due to the heat (understandably) and he wouldn't be in the park that day.
My husband, wanting to see his only "son", would have driven anywhere at any time to see him, even if the park classes were cancelled.
But he never gave us any options to see him.
Finally, he offered my husband a small window of time to meet at a park across town.
And I hadn't seen my dog in over a week but my schedule didn't allow me to join my husband.
When boarding was over we tried multiple times to start scheduling training.
I work 3 days a week and we, for some reason, couldn't come together on a time.
We did schedule something once (a month after our original meeting) but Nate had to cancel the night before due to personal reasons (his air conditioner broke - I fully understand and respect that people have lives, so I don't begrudge him that but we're a month from our original meeting and still no training sessions.).
He didn't contact me about rescheduling for a few days.
I was becoming skeptical and thinking that he wasn't the trainer for us, but I would tell him which days I was off, and he'd respond with suggestions for completely different days to schedule training.
I am sure that Nate is as fantastic of a trainer as everyone says he is, but I found that a lack of communication, poor customer service skills, and I guess difficulty coming together between both of our schedules made this trainer a bad fit for us, so I'll never know.
As a sidenote, Jimmy's blanket is still at Nate's house and I guess that's a blanket we'll never see again since I've texted a couple of times about it.

After we lost our lab of over 12 years, we went out and rescued 2...
YES... 2... 8 week old boys.
What were we thinking!
We knew we had to start training and fast before they got control over us.
We contacted our vet and who gave us  the information for Innate Dog Training.
Our first meeting left us skeptical.
We thought how are we going to get these dogs to learn all of the things Nate is saying they will do?
Well, THEY DO!
They are doing great!
It is a process and depends on the owner doing their homework.
We are so proud of their progress.
Thankfully, Nate is patient which is important, since as it turned out ,we needed more training then the dogs!
We highly recommend Innate Dog Training!

At 7 months old our Rottweiler was big and strong enough to literally drag my wife around the park if someone on a bike would ride by.
Although he was not aggressive he wanted to play with everything and everyone around.
With private lessons and the group socialization classes, we have a well behaved companion.
Nathan is an amazing trainer and I would recommend his services to anyone!

I would give Nathan zero stars if I could.
My vet recommended Innate Dog Training when my rescue Corgi puppy failed his second round of group puppy class at Petsmart.
My dog was high-energy and territorial, which was a problem with food and toys since we were a two-dog household.
He would routinely growl and snap at our other dog, and he had even bitten me as I reached for food or toward his bowls.
My initial consultation with Nathan was great, and I opted to board my dog for training because of the aggression and biting.
Nathan said training would be 10 days, but 10 days turned into two weeks, which eventually turned into three and a half weeks, before he felt my dog was ready to return home (and of course, more $$ for each day that went by).
Upon his return, the dog was clearly obedient to Nathan, but once Nathan left, he was back to growling and snapping over food.
Nathan met me once for an emergency session, and then he recommended that I come to group classes, but the dog's behavioral problems persisted.
He attacked our other dog, shredding his ear, and things got so bad that we had to keep both dogs physically apart in separate rooms of the house.
I called Nathan in desperation, and he told me that the dog's behavior problems stemmed from the fact that I am a woman.
He told me, "They don't call them man's best friend for no reason.
"   Not only did Nathan belittle me, disrespect me, and make generalizations about my ability to handle an animal due to my gender, but he also stopped returning my calls and emails.
I left multiple voicemails, which he just disregarded entirely.
I understand that his profession is training dogs, but to run a business, one must also work with the people who own the dogs.
A lack of communication is entirely unacceptable.
I paid thousands of dollars and trusted my pet to Nathan, and for what?
In the end, I made the heart wrenching decision to give my dog away to a rescue group in the hopes that he finds a better circumstance and a home where he can be the only pet.
I am happy for the satisfied customers who have posted reviews, but if you are considering Innate Training - especially if you are a woman!
- do yourself a favor and skip this bigoted, unprofessional business owner.

