This place is very spacious.
I like how they placed the bleachers in the middle.
Other gyms you have to fight for chairs.
They have a huge weight area.
Tons of Muay Thai bags and in the back corner they have the ring.
When I went, they were holding privates back there.
I took my son here to check out Norm Turners strength and conditioning class.
Norm is awesome!
He does sport specific conditioning if you are looking for one on ones.
Shawn Yarborough is one of the Muay Thai coaches.
I used to do padwork with him when I used to train.
He gives you a good wok out and helps sharpen your skill.
This gym is easy to get to and you dont have to fight for parking.
They have deals if you sign up as a family.

Great gym tons of bodies to work with and great coaching staff!

I took a private lesson in BJJ from Vinny Magalhaes here.
It is an amazing gym, very spacious and clean, and state of the art.
The staff there were very friendly and welcoming.
Very easy to get to.
This place is a must visit for any martial arts enthusiast wanting to get some training in while in Vegas

The best mma, muay thai and conditioning training center in Las Vegas.
With some of the best UFC fighters on the planet training here and the best pro/am fight team in Vegas.
This gym is Huge.
The kids bjj and muay thai are a step ahead of all others.
Coaches Rick Davis (bjj) and Joe Slick ( muay thai) really get their students attention and keep it.
Visit Syndicate World Wide and see the difference.

Syndicate is a great gym for people looking to get into Martial Arts or just simply to get into shape.
I love going to this gym because if you need help, they'll help you out so you can get it.
The new location is also so much bigger.
The mats are much more bigger so there is more space for more people.
There are also a bunch of bags that you could practice on on your own.
Also, they have a a bunch of weights for people looking to lift weights as well.
All the classes are great at this gym and there are a lot of friendly and talented people/fighters at this gym that are more then welcome to help you out with any problems.
The coaches and trainers are also some of the best in the game.
Their teaches methods are excellent and they go step by step on how to do something.
And if you need help, they would have no problem on helping you.
This gym is great overall.
They also have some of the top fighters in the world working out at this gym.
The coaches here are also some of the same coaches that train and coach the fighters on The Ultimate Fighter TV show.
You could also meet some UFC fighters at this gym, like i have met Dan Hardy and seen Forrest Griffin and Roy Nelson at this gym.
I highly recommend this gym to anybody looking to get into fighting or to get into shape.
This gym also isn't just for adults but for kids too!
they have kid classes so the little youngsters could grow up with more experience.
The environment in this gym is also remarkable.
As soon as you set foot in the gym and look around and see the motivation the people have and see the heart the coaches have training them, you would want to join right on the spot.
This gym makes you feel like you're a part of something.
This gym is also very clean and well organized so its easy to find stuff and you don't have to worry about any sanitary issues.
Once again, i recommend this gym to anybody!
The price is worth it if your heart is in it!
this gym not only changed my life when i signed up but others too.
So set your goals and change your life and join Syndicate Mixed Martial Arts!!!

SYNDICATE is where it's at!
I spend a lot of time visiting all the MMA gyms here in Vegas and when I pop into SYNDICATE, it is a who's who of the sport.
Their new facility is huge and amazing.
Their staff is world class.
Syndicate has quality programs for all skill levels and all ages.
My kids have participated in some BJJ classes and the instructors were great.
They knew what they were teaching, but also knew how to instruct and work with kids specifically.
I was very impressed!
If you live in Vegas and want to do any kind of training weather it is BJJ or Muay Thai or whatever, check these guys out.
You will not be disappointed!
If you are planning a trip out to Vegas for a fight weekend or vacation, make sure you visit SYNDICATE for a tour and to try out a class!
If you want to train to be a fighter or just have fun getting in shape, SYNDICATE is the place to do it!

What a great place.
This facility is the total package.
From trainers to dietitians, whether you're training for a fight or just trying to get ripped, this is the place.
This facility also has a great lifting area.
In association with Syndicate, Dominate Your Game works hard to facilitate your training and make sure you're on track to achieve your goals.
Their saying says it all, "Because someone has to lose.
" It's also nice to see the occasional UFC fighter sparing in the cage.

Came into Vegas for vacation and scheduled a private lesson with coach Shawn Yarborough.
Had a great time and learned a lot.
Best thai pad session I've had in a really long time.
The gym is large and has more than enough mat space for both BJJ and Muay Thai.
Staff was very friendly and so were the members.
I actually chatted it up with staff and another Muay Thai guy for a while.
And when I asked, other members had no problems taking pics of me and coach Shawn training.
Nice to see there was no attitude here.
If I lived here I know where I'd be training.

Just joined.
Super friendly staff and coaches.
They make you feel welcome as a new guy.
All the teachers have amazing pedigrees.
The gym is huge with great equipment.
The prices are reasonable and the owners (really cool guys) will usually work with you.
There is no high pressure salesmanship here.

So its my first night at Syndicate ever, I've just finished a boxing class with Jason (it was awesome) and I'm sitting on the bleachers pretty convinced I'm going to join this gym.
And then... GSP walks in the door to train for the Jonny Hendricks fight.
Yes, thats right, GSP.
Any doubt about joining instantly went out the window, and the fan boy in me muttered a meek "Hey GSP" when he walked past.
Lol.
Syndicate is a about as good as it gets in terms of an MMA gym.
I've been to more than a few gyms, and often they are uninviting, click-ish, and full of "tough guys".
Syndicate is nothing like this.
The minute you walk in both Nate and Casey are extremely friendly, do not pressure you to buy anything, and are more than willing to show you around and even let you try a few classes to see if this is a fit for you.
You can see from the first day that although some students truly desire to be fighters, others are training for general fitness or overall knowledge.
Either way, you'll fit right in.
If your thinking about joining a gym of any sort, come here and give it a try.
You won't be disappointed!

I've been a member with Syndicate for about five months now.
I have no previous martial arts or fighting experience of any type.
I joined with the idea of wanting to learn Muay Thai, Jiu Jitsu, and Boxing, but with limited time and different fitness goals, I am unable to take advantage of all their classes available (which also includes strength and conditioning).
I take mostly the boxing class with Jason, who is an amazing coach and will kick your butt for the full hour.
The people at this gym are top-notch.
Syndicate is non-intimidating, welcoming to all types of people regardless of your goals whether you want to be a fighter or not, and offer a shizzz-load of classes!
The facility is clean and also has a weight/cardio section.
You'll also see a few familiar faces that professionally fight in MMA, which is cool.
I've also been to a few of the local Muay Thai fights and have seen Syndicate represent its fighters very well.
I would say if you're an amateur looking for a gym to represent you, Syndicate would be a good spot to at least inquire further.
If I was like 20 years younger, I would take advantage of all their classes to start prepping for some azz-whoopin' in the ring.
So if you're looking for a MMA gym regardless of your level or if you want to fight or not, go in and talk to Casey.
He'll let you try a few classes for free without any pressure.
They have great enrollment packages that are affordable too!

Great place to train especially if your new to martial arts!
The coaching staff is very friendly, knowledgable in there art forms and has a lot of experience.
The facility is very clean and spacious.
They also have a shower and a locker room to change in.
I've been training here since they opened and been happy ever since!
I definitely recommend syndicate if your looking for somewhere to not just train martial arts but an all around gym as well!

Amazing gym to train at the staff is amazing I always felt welcomed the gym is big the trainers are extremely nice and Casey who works the front desk is a great guy to talk to you won't regret going here for any reason

