Sushi itself was not bad , but the everything else was not pleasing at all.
Environment was very awkward, food was labeled but did not give descriptions of what they consisted of so you did not know what you were eating.
You had to wait for specific sushi rolls to be made which took a long time considering the conveyor belt was super slow.
Some were not even being made!

I've been watching this new strip mall area develop as it's right off the 101 as I make my way to and from work every day.
I was excited to see a new revolving sushi place was going in as the only other one I know is a bit further north in the Desert Ridge area.
For some reason, they have since taken down the revolving sushi signage that they used to have so it just says Teharu now, which really doesn't say much at all.
We went on a weekday for lunch and was able to snag a spot at the bar right away.
We were shown to our seats and the waitress asked us what we wanted to drink.
After that, there really wasn't much communication.
They didn't offer us a menu (they have one as the person who sat down next to us later requested one) or ask us if we were new or anything.
Lucky for us, we knew what to do and started watching the sushi roll by.
The selection isn't as large as the revolving sushi place up north (look at my past reviews if you want to know what it is) and there are only 3 price ranges: $1, $1.50, and $2.
The rolls were delicious and a meal for $3.81, I really can't complain at all.
You really can't beat that.
However, the service really was terrible.
None of us got refills and we had to wait forever for someone to walk by to ask for the check.
If you're in to raw/authentic sushi, this isn't your place.
But if you like rolls and want something super cheap, I would recommend trying this place out.
Just don't expect spectacular service.

I'm not going to lie and say this is the best sushi, but it is a good value.
You kinda have to know what to choose, and once that's figured out it can make for a pretty good dining experience.
I would not recommend going at a slow time, and I would recommend choosing the more popular dishes as those are usually the freshest due to turnover rate.
They also offer made to order sushi, which will be the freshest choice but that can take some time.
This place is great for a quick, healthy, and cheap lunch or dinner.

LOVE me some conveyor belt sushi.
Easy to control how much you're eating or spending, fun to go to with co-workers, convenient location.
The dishes are right for the price, and oh yeah, they taste good.
I used to go to the one down on Priest and Ray, but my work location makes this one much more convenient.
I always feel charged up for the afternoon after a few servings of good sushi at lunch.
The only thing I'd love to see them change - and I complain about this to them every time we're there - install something to be able to open more tables.
Really.
It wouldn't be hard.
I'm an engineer - I can help you.
You have 8 extra tables, and I watched at least 5 groups walk back out rather than wait like we did.
Make sure your popularity doesn't hurt you.
"Oh let's don't go there, it takes too long to get a table.
" Enough people start saying that... and you won't need to open the extra tables.

The price is RIGHT.
The sushi is acceptable and my wife and I got more than our fill for like $25.
Yeah I know a bunch of sushi for $25 and it was good.

LOVE THIS PLACE!
Great all around... Service - Fantastic and super friendly.
FUN- it was my first time to a conveyor belt sushi place so I was like a kid in a candy store for the first time!
We also had sake bombers - only $5 but the sake was a little bottle not a large one like at many places.
Cucumber salad was delish!
and sushi all around was yummy!
Here's the kicker... eat dish is on a different colored plate - yellow $1, green $1.50, blue $2.00...  they do have a menu you can order off of and also send misc.
things down the belt too... deserts, pudding cups, fruit cups, juice boxes...  We got there early... before 5pm... and that place gets rockin!
not a ton of seating so get there early as long as you get a seat... from what I could tell... there's not a bad seat in the house!
We will definitely bring our friends and family back there for more fun!

I love walking into a place and being able to instantly shove food in my mouth without having to talk to another person.
I get starving sometimes.
These things happen.
This restaurant is perfect for me.
Still wonderful sushi, and I come here often: Tip to the wise, you can ask for rolls specifically, like the rainbow roll or the dragon roll.
They will make them, hand deliver them, and charge you the same.
This goes for anything on the conveyer belt.
Don't be afraid to ask!
And they scream, "irrashai" when you walk in.
Roughly translated, that is Japanese for "welcome to the store".

My wife and I really dig this place.
We have frequented the Chandler location and were very happy to see one in our area sprout up.
We have never had a bad experience.
The meal price is very reasonable for a sushi place.
Here is the secret trick, don't wait for the conveyor belt to come around.
If you want something ask for it, if its on the belt they will grab it.
If not, they will make anything on the menu and bring it right to you.
The scallops and hard poppers are awesome!

Good food for the price and a good atmoshpere

Well... Ummm... Let's see...
It'd hard to say anything negative against a conveyer belt of food.
Wish I had one in my house.
But alas, Teharu Sushi is a good experience and more than reasonably priced.
It's adequate as far as the food though- Nothing spectacular, but it's a great value.
Not a fancy place by any means, just gets the job done.
I will definitely go back, but I'm also not raving about the joint.

You really can't beat this place for the price.
At no more than $2 for a plate  and each plate having 2-6 pieces you can get a full meal in for cheap.
They have a few good rolls like the Haiwian roll and the salmon lover (I think that was the name).
The seaweed salad isn't bad either.
What is nice is that if something isn't coming by on the belt here you can always order it from your server, but they have a pretty good selection on the belt.
The fish quality isn't the highest here but it also isn't horrible or going to make you sick, just don't try to compare it to that of Roka Akor or Nobu.
If you are having a sushi craving or just want a cheap sushi meal it will be satisfying.
I think the best part is that you can eat until you are full here and still get out for under $20.
My only addition to that is that if you are really starving then some of the $20 all you can eat places around town may end up saving you a couple bucks.
It can be fun to see how high you can get your pile of old dishes.
The one knock on the different plates costing different amounts is some plates aren't 100% clear what color they are so you may under estimate a bit, but it's max a $1 difference per plate.
I have gone to the Teharu in Scottsdale and Tempe and my advice is to go at times that are a bit busier as they will have more selection on the belts and the odds it was freshly made is higher than at off peak times.
That really goes for any conveyor style sushi place though.
Overall I like Teharu as a low cost sushi craving filler, it's not the pinacle of fine sushi experiences but it's a fun and tasty stop.

Love Teharu overall.
It's not the fanciest sushi ever, but the fish is fresh, delicious and (for lack of better words), cheap!
We love dropping in here for a week-day date and a meal we don't have to feel guilty about later.
The staff is always extremely friendly.
I'd only change a few things: A) please change the Muzak station once in a while -- I hear Gyote in my mind everytime I look at a sushi roll B) if there are tables open, seat customers instead of sectioning them off -- it's really irritating to have to wait twenty minutes when five or more tables are open C) continue making fresh rolls after seven o'clock; the selection gets limited and fishier as the night goes on.

This was such a fun experience.
I have never eaten at a resturant that utilizes a convayer belt instead of a waitress...
Apparently, this is a big thing in Los Angeles.. and I am just BEHIND the times.
My husband and I met a friend for dinner, and this was fantastic.
I loved  being able to plop down and start eating with waiting for anything but the perfect roll.
There is northing gormet about these rolls, there are philly rolls, Las Vegas Rolls, and other various tasty treats.
It's cheap, tasty, and above all, affordable.
The wait staff exsists to bring you drinks, and take orders for anything you don't see - however, it did take almost 15 minutes for someone to stop by and take a drink order.
I feel like a self serve soda fountain (cups delivered on a plate?
) might be in order...   Can not WAIT to visit this again - and it's so close to work, it might be my new lunch place!

I come here once a week and the sushi is bombastic!
The sushi comes on a conveyor belt and you can choose the type of sushi you want and don't have to wait for it.
It's a fun atmosphere with great food.

3.5  I had lunch here with a coworker on Wednesday and we arrived mid-lunch rush, so we patiently waited for 2 seats to open up at the sushi bar.
I had a california roll, spicy crab and shrimp roll, and gyoza.
Everything tasted good, and I was glad that they had labels and descriptions for all of the dishes.
The service was good and the pricing was good for the quality you received.
I'll definitely return

God I love this place!!!
If you love sushi, getting your food quickly, only have $6 to your name and 30 minutes to spare welcome to your Mecca my friend.
Well okay, let me clarify the speed: come during the week at night and at lunch on the weekends.
I know that's probably obvious because that's how most restaurants are but worth making it clear.
Everyone is different with what they consider quality sushi so let me break down what I look for: zero or very minimal "fishy" taste (check) more rolls that are raw rather than that fried crap (check) decent variety in rolls (check, though from my experience at night after 6pm offers the most variety) tightness of the roll or rather, does it fall apart easily?
(Check, they do not).
I suggest this place to anyone and everyone that mentions liking sushi; that's how much I love it!
Try it for yourself!

i love love LOVE the revolving sushi concept ..... it's a small and very casual spot - good for lunch and dinner.
The chefs are definitely on top of making sure items do not just stick around for hours at a time ....
I noticed that there are stickers on each lid, which must signify what time they put it out and when to take it off the conveyor.
When dealing with sushi, that's HUGE!!!
Everything tasted delicious and they will take special requests :) Amazing prices --- you really can't beat a $1.50 roll!!

Great spot for quick inexpensive sushi.
The fish is fresh they make it constantly and service is good as well.
I would highly recommend if you're looking for a quick bite to eat and not spending lots of money.

Definitely not the best sushi but you gotta love the prices!

This place is not worth all the hype or the "rave" reviews.
The quality of rice is cheap and was hard.
About 80% of their rolls are sprinkled with sesame seeds n that's how quality sushi restaurants present or serve their rolls.
The quality of fish was poor not fresh or buttery as one review had mentioned.
Each cut of fish was thin paper thin.
The most average or decent roll worth trying is the dragon then the rainbow.
You definitely get what you pay for.
I wanted try this place for the experience n boy was I wrong.
Stay clear.
Find another place or go to California.

Good food but absolutely the worst service I have ever gotten anywhere.
I had to ask 3 times for more water and each time I was made to feel like I was inconveniencing them.
We had two restless babies by the end of our lunch and no one bothered to bring us a check.
We waited 15 minutes before I got up myself to go ask for one.
The waitresses were incredibly rude.
I have never not left a tip but I left them zero and I will NOT be going back.

I love this place!!
Always fresh and tasty.
Unfortunately I moved out of Scottsdale otherwise I would probably be eating there now :)

A curious place to be sure.
On my first visit, the staff was shorthanded and busy.
No one explained how the service worked or how much each plate cost.
(I later discovered the following: yellow plates = $1, green = $1.50, blue=$2.
) I was relieved to discover my tiger roll (blue plates, 4 pieces each) was only $2 each.
The waitress did have GF tamari, but did not bring it out for about 10 minutes, and took longer to catch her for my bill.
On my second visit, the waitresses were available, quick to help.
The food is tasty and very inexpensive.
So all told, the carousel makes trying something new easy and fast, and you can't beat the price, but you have to be persistent on getting your waitress.

