I have to admit I'm not an authority on nail or pedicure salons but recently my step daughter got me hooked on getting a pedicure.
I have been looking for a place close to my home and saw some Grand Opening signs for a place not far from me and decided to visit this past Sunday, 1/13/2013.
I was not at all dissapointed with the lovely time I had at MiMis Nails and Spa.
They are located in a large plaza on the corner of Elliot and Alma School roads and are easy to locate.
There was plenty of parking.
They advertise service by appointment and also for walk ins.
There were 4 ladies working there when I arrived and they greeted me and had me in a chair in less than a minute.
I was offered bottled water right away and after a brief explanation of services and Grand Opening specials I decided to get a manicure as well as a pedicure.
Both services were extremely detailed and thourough.
I was impressed by the extra effort demonstarted towards maintaining the highest standards of hygiene and cleanliness.
The owner came out from the back and as his English is pretty darn good, we struck up a great conversation.
I said at the start that I'm not an authority on nail salons or day spas as I only have recently begun to partake of such services, but I AM an authority of excellent customer care, great hospitality and superb service, and I found all three at Mimi's.
I will become a regular at this place and I highly reccomend it to others.
They spent over an hour working on my hands and feet and I felt like royalty with all the attention.

I work in the same shopping center as this nail spa.
They recently opened and my mother and I decided to give them a try.
The service was excellent, everything appeared to be sanitary, the employees made a genuine effort to have a conversation with everyone, they have competitive pricing.
We were very impressed, the one and only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because when I got my manicure they didn't push my cuticles back far enough so there was a lot of space between the polish and my skin within a few days of the manicure.
Other then that, I had an excellent experience.
Going back for sure!

If you're tired of the rushed job you get at most other nail places, you will appreciate Mimi's.
They really take the time to do a good job, and they are perfectionists.
I have never seen anyone with such meticulous attention to detail.
My nails looked the best they ever had when I walked out the door.
Yes, they are slower than other places, but that is the reason their work is so good.
I've watched too many nail technicians slap polish all over my fingers and file crooked nails and leave lumps and bubbles in my nail polish.
All those little imperfections really bother me, but at Mimi's I had none of those problems.The space is also really nice and neat, without the piles of junk typical of nails salons.
everything is orderly, tidy, and clean.
If you are not in a hurry, this place is the best.

I've gotten a pedicure and my nails done here and I love it!
Its my new place to go everyone is nice and give you exactly what you want!

i got my pedicure done, the big middle aged man did a wonderful job on the massage, hopwever, he is very gentle on your toes, the place is super clean , and the workers are very nice, i will definitely come back

In town with hubby for a conference.
I came here because the 5 stars on Yelp & it was down the street from the hotel.
I called to make an appointment.
They helped me immediately with a Mani/Pedi.
Such nice people and great work.
Too bad I live in Tucson otherwise this would be my go to nail place.
I highly recommend this nail salon.

So, I just moved to Chandler a week ago, and time to get my nails done...
I see the reviews for Relaxing Nails and stopped in for a fill and pedi.
They have a customer for LIFE!!
Kind, caring, RELENTLESS perfectionist!
Loc, the gentleman who helped me, is fantastic!
The shop is spotless, and I'm so happy to have found him on my first try!!
Great job!!!
Melanie

I received a gift certificate for a deluxe pedicure from my husband for Christmas.
I took my daughter with me so se could get a manicure.
We walked in and were taken care of right away.
Great service, great prices and really nice people.
I will be going here from now on.

By far one of the BEST nail salons I have ever been to.
They have great customer service, they take their time on your nails, they remember your name when you come back, and they are very reasonably priced.
They are also super creative with designs and different trends.
I received a gift card for my birthday and I never go anywhere else now.
I have gotten two friends hooked on Relaxing Nails too!
They are fantastic!
Do not waste your time going anywhere else!
As a side note, they have a pedicure chair specifically designed for kids if you have a little one in tow.
Love them!

Very good manicure and a very  friendly staff.

Walked in on Saturday afternoon and sat right down!
Super friendly staff who took care of my pesky ingrown nails.
Competitive prices on pedicures and manicures.
Glad I walked in!

