Great job guys!!

Always friendly, always good customer service!

andy was great!
they were very efficient, very helpful and I had some other unrelated auto questions and they were honest and very nice!
I would have my oil changed here all the time!
great service and very nice!

those guys are the best

I've been coming to this location with my vehicle consistently now for 2 years and I can always depend on these guys performing quality service.
This location has never tried to up-sell me on a part/service I don't need.
Even with my supercharged engine's special service requirements and 8 quart capacity, they always come through with the same services that the dealer recommends, but a fraction of the price.
Thanks guys!

This place is awesome.
I went to have my car smogged, and I was in and out in ten minutes!
I will be going back!

These guys were great!
I was in and out in 15 min.
They didn't push me to do anything else I didn't need.
Even though this was passed 3 other oil change places I will definitely be back.

Normally at Jiffy Lube the second you pull in the guys are right there to take care of you but I sat in my car for 10min before deciding nobody was going to help me so I went inside and Kris was awesome.
He apologized that nobody helped me.
I really didn't care, just not typical for jiffy lube.
Anyway, he was very friendly and helpful.
There was a bit of a wait but the guys are quick and nice.
I'll be back in the future to this jiffy lube.

I needed an oil change in the Southwest so I decided to check Yelp and go to the one with the most stars in my area.
I ended up here and it's true- they absolutely live up to their five stars!
I was in and out in FIVE minutes!
That was the fastest, friendliest oil change I've ever had.
I couldn't believe it.
Would definitely recommend this location.

After a few attempts trying to get a smog check at a location near me, and constantly being told the smog tech was not there, I finally came here.
The team at Jiffy Lube was friendly and efficient.
I was in and out in approximately 10 minutes.
They even opened my car door for me; fancy!

Sorry for the late review!
I've been bringing my wife's and my vehicles here since we moved to Las Vegas in July 2012.
These guys are great.
They always get me in and out quickly, find me a ton of discounts, never try to upsell me, and have not once tried to screw me with repairs I don't need.
The only hiccup so far:  When I brought in my wife's 2006 Highlander for a rear differential service, they were unable to do it.
They said that they were afraid of stripping the fill plug and that I would be better off having it done at a repair facility.

Stopped by here just to get my tires checked and one of the gentleman had tested my battery for me and checked my oil level while the tires were being done!!
Great service!

