Sipping plum wine is one of the pleasures of civilization; adding a basket of wonton chips pushes it delicately over the cliff to decadence.
Embrace the decadence.
Bring a party of four to share dishes, sip plum wine, and discuss the Xiaobi Tangji of Yuan Hongdao.
Or if Chinese poetry of the Ming Dynasty doesn't do it for you, there are large-screen TVs which were showing Muppet-like programming when I was there, and which probably turn to sports at some later time.
Have a little kung fu with your egg foo.
I had the ginger chicken.
For a moment, I thought I was in one of the intellectual suburbs of Boston, where the Chinese restaurants are moderately elegant (this one is, in a reddish-peach scheme) and the food is, too.
Only the lack of long-haired fellow diners arguing over Ming Dynasty poetry clued me in that no, this is Scottsdale.
The dish was more subtly flavored than the usual local Chinese, without being bland.
While it was not the most amazing Chinese I've ever had in my life (that involved oysters at a dive restaurant in a West Coast Chinatown), the combination of bistro-style food and attentive service makes Qwik Chinese a soothing retreat from the chaos of Scottsdale rush hour traffic.
I would write haiku to this ginger chicken, except that haiku is Japanese, so it can be written only to sushi or teppanyaki.

Qwik Chinese Bistro is a diamond in the rough.
It's on the same half-mile stretch of 90th street as at least 3 other Chinese food restaurants.
I've been here once, and it's already taken over my spot the favorite.
I ordered Kung Pao chicken, as I have at almost every Chinese place in the Valley.
The dish was spicy, well-balanced, and full of flavor.
I would give the food 4/5 stars.
However, the service and hours make up for the other star.
I work at the hospital, and I've been dreaming of a spot I can get Chinese food even when it's late (they are open until midnight everyday.
) The gentleman who served me, even though it was takeout, impressed me with his hospitality and was very accommodating, making sure I had a plate with my to go order.
This is rare, and very appreciated.

This was a surprising find.
We had no idea this restaurant was here, but decided to give it a try.
Upon walking in, the staff greeted us.
Very outgoing and friendly.
The food is New York style Chinese, which we have missed.
They have a number of draft beers, including Kirin, on tap.
I had the sizzling rice and chicken.
It was tasty and well seasoned.
We will definitely go back again.

It's a rarity to find such good Chinese food in this area.
The restaurant is spacious, clean, comfortable, and most of all welcoming.
Plenty of TVs to view, and a large variety of beers on tap.
Having even just the beers in a Chinese restaurant is different and exciting.
The food is well presented, and absolutely delicious.
This place is definitely not your everyday Chinese cuisine and establishment.
The owner, Gary, is passionate and you can tell he truly cares about the customer.
Try the potstickers!

This place is great!
From the time you sit down and they bring out the wonton chips (yum!
) the environment is very homey and relaxed.
The food is delicious.
When we went we had the wonton soup, Chef's special Shanghai pork, Kung Pao Chicken, Moo Goo Gai Pan, and Orange Beef.
All the dishes were wonderful.
My family in particular was impressed with the Shanghai pork, which we had ordered on a whim but ended up being one of our favorites.
The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive, and made the experience fun.
We will definitely be back!

What a great thing to have fellow Yelpers lead you to the Nirvana of Chinese food!
With all those great 5 star reviews, we just had to try it.
We arrived in time for happy hour and were able to get beers and wines for half price.
A good start.
The Modelo beer did not taste right to me and the waitress quickly changed it up willingly.
She said I should let her know if there was anything wrong with the replacement.
Good customer service.
We ordered Orange chicken, Moo-shoo pork and chicken fried rice.
The orange chicken was lightly coated with a spicy, delicious sauce--cooked perfectly.
The chicken fried rice should be called amazing fried rice.
Lots of chicken, perfect flavoring and not greasy.
The moo shoo pork was made as requested, no hoisin sauce and no sugar.
It was absolutely delicious and was accompanied by 4 crepes.
The waitress paid a lot of attention to us and answered questions about other items on the menu (we were already thinking about what we would get during our next visit)  She was so attentive that at one point, I thought she was going to join us in the booth.
The management came to the table to see if we liked our food and was just as attentive as we were leaving wishing us a good night with a great smile.
The prices are very fair ranging from $8.99- 10.99 (for seafood dishes).
Glad I didn't have to take out a loan from my 401K to eat here ( as opposed to other Scottsdale chinese restaurants who charge steakhouse prices)   This is the kind of place where you want to return because of the fairly price, delicious, well prepared food as well as the accommodating and attentive staff.

So glad to see this new place getting well-deserved recognition.
We loved the McCormick Ranch location but the Bistro is even better.
The beer taps and flat screen TV's remain from a previous tennant, making for a truly unique "Casual Chinese Sports Grill" ambiance.
The food is delicious, the service is warm and attentive and this place just fits my family perfectly.
Not a lot of unique and unpretentious places in North Scottsdale - a true hidden gem.

Very good food and what I really love very quick delivery.
The Orange Chicken is my favorite here.

Food was fresh!
I loved all the veggies in my fried rice.
The delivery guy was nice and he got here fast!

Legit Chinese food, best I've found in AZ.
If you're been looking for Chinese food similar to that on the east coast and been dissatisfied with other places, Qwik Chinese is your place.
Friendly staff and super quick service to go along with delicious, fresh-made dishes.
Prices aren't bad either.

Amazing Chinese!
Gary did it again with this location and we love coming in to watch sports on a Saturday afternoon.
Best Chinese in AZ!

This could well be the best, real Chinese food east of SF.
Problem is, it is undiscovered so far, in that there was a really bad place there before.
Fabulous everything.
Orange beef, Moo-shoo pork, Crispy duck, Garlic shrimp, Chinese spare ribs, hot and sour soup.
Big portions, reasonable prices, great service...even Kiren and Stella on tap.

Alright.
This was frickin delicious.
I have been deprived of good Chinese food for some time, and Qwik really hit the spot.
We ordered crab Rangoon which seemed to be handmade.
They were flaky and yummy.
Our main meal was general tso chicken and egg fried rice.
The general tso was perfect; crispy and lightly battered, delicious sauce, good white pieces of chicken - no mystery meat or chewy grizzle pieces in sight.
The rice was fresh and delicious.
Lastly, the owner, Gary, is so friendly and upbeat.
All around a five star experience.
Bomb!

Sports and Chinese food, what more can I say!
If you're tired of the same old wings and burgers, do yourself a favor and come in to meet Gary, Jackie and the rest of the staff for an enjoyable afternoon/evening.
Gary, the owner, prides himself on the quality of the food that his chef's are preparing as well as the draft beer selection to include Kirin, Modelo Especial, San Tan, Dos XX, as well as a few others.
The restaurant is nicely decorated, comfortable and welcoming with plenty of room for larger groups and families so do yourself a favor, stop in, have a beer or glass of wine with some delicious food and you'll probably become a regular.
Even if you're just looking for quick take-out, I'm sure you'll enjoy!

My review is solely based on take out orders.
Kung Pao Chicken, Broccoli Beef, Sesame Chicken, Sweet & Sour Chicken, etc.
I've ordered several times from Qwik Chinese & tell you that they live up to the name.
Everytime I placed an order for pick up it was ready for me to take home.
The owner (looking at the pics from other yelpers) has always greated me when picking up my order.
Very friendly and enthusiastic.
This is not your average take out.
The food is well prepared & the flavors are fused with greatness.
The special perk with ordering sweet & sour chicken is that the chicken and sauce are seperated for you to prepare at home with the amount of ratio to your liking.
The crab puffs are extremely creamy & rich which are stuffed with the right amount of goods for the money.
It has great Chinese Food w/ Scottsdale Prices but...you get what you pay for.
Place an order.
I'm sure you'll love it.

Great service!
And delicious food :) yum.
I hear they're open for Xmas!
Always my first  choice for authentic Chinese food.

Service is quick?
Whoever said that was paid by the resturant.
Service was s l o w!!!!!
Food was pretty good, but just be prepared to wait for it.
The 3 stars are for the food.
Service gets 0.

Too much sauce, too much oil, nothing special.

My family ordered a lot of chinese food for christmas day, and we were extremely underwhelmed.
For starters, the crispy duck was $25.00 for almost all bones, and lacked any flavor.
we also had to pay for the fortune cookies and at least half of the fortune cookies had no fortunes.
we tried to branch out from our usual place, super dragon, and were extremely disappointed.

I used to like this place.
But I got food poisoning the last time I was there.
For God Sake, The rice smelled funny when I ate the first spoon.
It was old rice, they take whatever that they have in the kitchen for you, I hope that they had focused more on the quality of the plate.
After we're done eating, we went to ikea.
I felt extremely cold for some reasons, I kept shaking like crazy.
I thought that it was just the weather.
Andmy head started to spin.
We had to come home as fast as possible so that I can lay down.
I had to skip school the next day.
It was so unpleasant.
If anyone don't believe this, say whatever you want.
But better be careful.
I have no reason to against thier business.
I'm a culinary student and I have learned a lot about food safety and how it effects one person's health.
You can't buy health

Quik Chinese?
Not so much...I've been here twice and both times I have had painfully long dining experiences.
The first time I ate at QC at least the food was decent (hence the 2-star rating), this second time around everything was terrible.
First mistake = coming here on Christmas Day (around 5:30pm) - but I had nothing at home to eat, and there weren't many dining options open except for Chinese.
George & Son's had a 50 minute wait, and we were quoted 20 minutes at QC so we decided to eat here.
We walked in to a fairly full restaurant, and our first red flag should have been the sight of the staff (all 5 of them) frantically running around, except for a young 10-year old girl who was seating guests....
It took quite a bit of time to get our drinks and appetizers out to the table but the real disaster came with the time we had to wait for our entrees.
Between finishing our appetizer and receiving our entree plates, it had to be at least 45 minutes.
In that time we saw multiple tables get up and leave due to not having any service, which at first was amusing, and then turned to annoyance.
Repeatedly there was a gentleman (who seemed to have come into the restaurant to help his buddies during dinner service because they were so backed up) who told tables, "sorry folks, we didn't think we'd be so busy today!
" Well - it is Christmas, and you're the only restaurant open...c'mon man.
When the food finally got to our table, the same gentleman came with the plates and said to us, "Does this look like the food you ordered?
" Uhh, what!?
You tell me guy, you're the one who works here...plus almost all Chinese food looks the same, so, sure?
The last straw was that the food was terrible, cold, and unappetizing.
Poor marks all around.
Running a restaurant when you're slow is easy, a true mark of a decent restaurant is managing and being capable when you're busy.
I know its Chinese food, but still, let's keep some sort of standards here folks.
You know it's bad when you leave saying, "We should have just eaten at Taco Bell.
" Too bad they were closed.

Excellent food and great staff.
I highly recommend the hot and sour soup.
Lovely ambiance and many televisions.
Convenient back door for handicapped access.
Draught beer $3 all day and good selection.
We had duck and moo shy pork, both very good.
We will be back.

Our favorite Chinese restaurant.
Great food, great service.
Served their appetizers at a party.... a huge success!
Thank you Gary!
and we get take out every Friday night..!

This is my favorite Chinese restaurant.
Service is absolutely wonderful, food is delicious and I love coming to a place that that just feels like home.
My husband and I have tried any dishes and each one becomes a favorite:)

Last night had family party for four.
During the dinner, we were listening to a Chinese  special music  performance from a lady from Shanghai.
Waittress told us it was called "gu zheng" music, like thousand years history, was amazing music, so deep,so relaxing ,all of us enjoy so much, just fantastic and food was so tasty,plus great service.
It was like we were having dinner inside the forbidden city, lol.
It was the best Chinese dinning we had for long long time, we all be back next Friday for the great food and beatiful Chinese gu zheng music:)))

First time tonight I ordered take out, everything was perfect; on time, hot, tasty and friendly delivery.
My new go to Chinese take out.
Thanks

Gary the owner is very nice and Ya Ping our server is very polite and she and the entire staff are very friendly.
For some really great food and fast service, come inside, have a seat and enjoy your meal while watching one of their many TV screens.

We had delivery - the order was messed up and it took forever.
Later on they realized they didn't charge my card, but charged a different customer twice and needed me to provide my credit card information again  I wasn't thrilled after having waited so long for my food.
As far as the food itself, I wasn't in love with it.
The generals chicken was soggy and chewy - not the crispier spicy chicken I was hoping for.

Panda Express quality at PF Chang's prices, not a fan.
Another concern was that there were only 2 tables on a Saturday night.
I also made the mistake of checking the restaurant rating on Maricopa.gov while I was waiting for my food.
Needless to say, they don't have the most stellar health inspections, I may not have gone if I had seen it before.
Overall, I give it a 2 because the service was good but the food was lacking any imagination.

I called in an order forty minutes before closing when I went I pick up he ask " why such a late dinner?
" And seemed mad I ordered food even though they were still open another half hour.
When I got home I saw that my chicken was clearly reheated and pulled chicken not the fried battered chicken that normal sweet n sour chicken is made with ( and how it is described in menu) .
The food was really horrible and I would not recommend anyone going there

I hate to give this place two stars but it is for the take out order.
We had a groupon and used it tonight.
Do Not get the Chinese Chicken Salad which is nothing like any of the area restaurants but rather is it soaked in hot and spicy soy sauce and only has iceberg lettuce and chicken and it is disgusting, we had to throw it away.
The Won Ton Soup was good, no salty and lots of wontons and pork.
We ordered the large size.
The brown rice has no taste and is boring, they charge extra for brown rice and do not have fried brown rice.
They also say they cook New York Chinese Style which actual is not true.
New York Chinese food has chop suey and chow mein, this place does not have either and is a disappointment.
So I had to get the Chicken and Veggies because I do not like the brown sauce and this is one of the few entrees with white sauce.
This entree is enough for two people, but they do not give you much with it, it is pretty much a la cart.
They gave us barely enough chips and only 2 fortune cookies even though we had more people.
gosh could they spare it.
There other place on Hayden is much better food on take out then this place.
I was disappointed in the quality, quantity and taste of this take out food.
It was nothing to write home about.

Excellent all around experience.
Friendly, super fun staff, qwick service ;), free wifi, phenomenal food, great prices cute decor and pleasant ambience.
I'm so glad they put out a groupon or I wouldn't have thought to try them.
Our waiter was super personable and lots of fun.
Delicious moo shu, fried rice, walnut shrimp and crab puffs.
When we received our check at the end of the meal, it came with extra fortune cookies, high fives, lollipops for the kids and a 10% off next visit discount.
A lot of higher end restaurants in this North Scottsdale neighborhood could learn a lot about customer service from Gary and his staff.
Loved it!

I used to love this place.
So much so, that I gave them several chances to remind me of that long lost love affair.
Last 3 out of 3 times has been terrible.
My hot and sour soup came to me about the color of mustard.
And it was sickeningly sweet.
My fried wontons were virtually meatless, and my combo fried rice didn't have any discerning flavor at all.
$20 later and all i can say is that I'm so disappointed.
I will never order from them again.
I will stick with Red House for my wonton fix and continue to search for a go to place for fried rice.

The second you walk in, Gary greets you by name, with a handshake and a hug.
From the deco to tablecloths to the full bar, the atmosphere is always inviting.
Best part about this place is the 'home kitchen' where everything is made fresh to order with great tasting ingredients.
Best Chinese food in Scottsdale and the only Chinese food in my stomach!
Thanks Gary!!!

