The food presented at their soft opening was fantastic.
The meatballs were outstanding as well as the various pizzas.
The chicken wings were big and reminded me of Hooters (breaded).
They have a good assortment of beers on tap and in bottles.
All of the TVs will surely be a hit for people stopping in.
Nice atmosphere and decor.

Yay, yummy pizza basically right outside my door.
I'll take it!
My husband and I ate here twice in like 14 hours (once for dinner, once for lunch) so I guess we must have liked it.
The chicken pesto pizza was the tastiest slice I tried; the plain cheese is okay (there is something in the red sauce I don't care for).
I really like the crust on their pizza- like, the actual crispy crust part at the end.
It's crisp and chewy and yummy!
The pizza alone is like 3 stars, maybe 3.5 but their proximity to my apartment can't be beat AND their garlic parmesan chips are totally worth 4 stars.
They are freshly-fried, slightly chewy crunchy potato chips smothered in parmesan cheese and chopped garlic and I will have terrible breath for days but THAT'S OKAY.
There are some really weird pizzas on their menu like a hamburger pizza with ketchup and mustard but the full menu isn't available just yet.
I know we have more to try so we will be back!

Totally wanted to be on board and welcome RCP to downtown.
Well I jumped the gun!
We ordered the parm fries.
Awesome!
Came out in 7 mins.
Then the pizza 18" custom pie...waiting... waiting.. um..still waiting.
40 min.later I asked for the bill,said just cancel the pizza and then.. it appears.
So we ask for it to be boxed to go, and then wait and wait.
Um still waiting then proceed to WAIT to PAY by credit card.
So over it..get to my car and open the box to grab a piece on the drive home.
OMG !
Not even my PIE.
Lance (our server) got our order TOTALLY wrong or gave us the WRONG pie.
I have a salty doughy tough pizza crust with Ham ...I ordered a salami, meatballs, black olives, jalapeños with fresh tomatoes.So I decide to call them while I drive around the block but the call goes straight to a recorded message.
Now I have NO CHOICE but to YELP.

Great pizza and even better environment to hang out and have a great time!
I'm a local and I am so happy to know that quality establishments are setting up shop in downtown!

I've been patiently waiting for Radio City Pizza to open and it is AWESOME!
The pizza is delicious, fresh and crispy!
The meatballs are amazing.
Service was excellent.
I'm still thinking about the parm fries.
Make sure to say hello to one of their adorable bartenders, Crystal.
I can't wait for the weather to warm up to enjoy their outdoor patio!

We were so excited for this place.
As downtown residents, we definitely wanted to come here all the time.
Unfortunately, the pizza was just bad.
The wings also tasted like weird chicken nuggets.
If you need a pizza place downtown, Uncle Joe's across the street and Pop Up Pizza in the plaza are way better and way cheaper.

If the rest of their menu is as good as the Meatball delight and the Garlic parmesan chips then I think I found my new favorite place to eat downtown!!
The garlic parm chips I haven't seen anywhere else and they are truly sinfully delicious.
Not to mention their $5 Ciroc drinks...I'm excited the weather is warming up because the dj on the back patio makes it a really fun place to get together with friends and get a great meal with reasonable drink prices all at the same time!

What a surprise.
Came here hoping to eat healthy and I had a salad and asparagus.
Really good grilled asparagus, prepared simply.
Try to chefs salad, fresh greens, julienned veggies and nice dressing, not overdone,  Next time when I'm not eating so well I'll have the Viva Las Vegas

This joint just opened a few weeks ago.
I ate here last week Wednesday (2/27) Highly anticipated because of their location.
The setting is nice and modern.
They have a full bar so that's a plus.
The bartender is gorgeous and the waitresses are easy on the eyes as well.
The pizza was pretty good, not the best I've had, but it did the job.
The menu was limited, I think they were still going through their soft opening.
They only had about 5 selections.
They have a bunch of TV screens up, playing mostly sports.
Their kitchen is in plain view and you can see your pie being made.
Our waitress, god bless her, was nervous and you could tell she was new to the service industry.
We ordered 2 large pies and it took a really long time to come out.
The place wasn't that crowded too.
I'm assuming it's because they're still new and trying to get use to everything.
I'll update this review when I go there again, but right now, it's just okay with potential.

My family and I enjoyed a wonderful meal here!
The service was great, speedy and attentive.
and the food was delish!
We had a table of 4 and shared both the house salad and the radio city salad, both were fresh and a perfect start for our meal.
We also ordered the Chicken wings, they were amazing, just the right amount of crunch and sauce.
We couldn't decide between the chicken pesto and the traditional pepperoni pizza, the waitress was so kind to make a suggestion and have the chef make us a half and half of both choices.
Which I am happy she did, we had a great sample of what variety their pizza offers, the unique tastes of the pesto chicken, and the traditional but not plain by any means pepperoni.
The atmosphere was welcoming and upbeat, they were still adding to the decor, which is to be expected of a new establishment.
I cant wait to come back when they have had a chance to fully stretch their wings and settle in.

Pizza is consistent in amazing quality, drinks are very inexpensive.
BBQ chicken pizza is the best I've had.
Outside patio is a great place to hang out and watch any sporting event, I was watching all 4 of my nba parlay games at the same time (even though I lost) I can't wait till they have UFC  events, with the 20+ Tvs you can't go wrong!!!
I was in here on first Friday and I had a blast!.

The buffalo chicken pizza was amazing and the service was great.
I would definitely check this place out again.

I can't believe I have to update my review so soon, but wow, this place has gone downhill FAST.
My husband picked up a few slices for dinner tonight and learned that the specialty slices (like the chicken pesto pizza I enjoyed so much last week) are no longer available- you can only get them as a full pie.
We didn't want to wait so instead, I had two slices of cheese that were almost inedibly salty, with a tough, chewy crust.
We got the parmesan garlic chips again and they were absolutely horrible.
It was seriously like eating crunchy pieces of deep-fried paper.
They are no longer thick-cut and crispy-chewy... they are sliced paper-thin, so thin that they are transparent (not translucent, absolutely transparent).
They taste like nothing.
I see some cheese and herbs sprinkled in the bag but the chips retain no flavor whatsoever.
It's a serious disappointment.
I don't know if this is just a fluke or if things will be like this from now on but next time I want pizza downtown, I will go elsewhere (maybe Pop-Up Pizza at the Plaza).
Sigh.
Another downtown disappointment.

We decided to visit this new pizzeria after a local downtown lowdown meeting on the new and upcoming businesses downtown.
I was super excited because it seems like they were one of the many new businesses making a difference to Fremont East.
When you walk into the place, you're pleasantly surprise by the clean lines of the restaurant.
Nice floors, separate bar area and dining area and the fact that there are many TVs in the establishments.
We were super excited to try the food!
Our servers were super nice as well.
I remember a tall guy with tattoos named Chase.
He was more the servers assistant but super cool.
Our server, with glasses and a fauxhawk, was super accommodating.
He was attentive and really kept coming back and checking on us.
You're probably wondering why I gave the amount of stars.
It's because of the food.
We started off with a few appetizers:  garlic fries, garlic chips and wings.
The garlic fries and chips were flavorful, I'll give you that.
The problem was that it was DRENCHED in oil.
I could feel a new pimple pop out with every bite.
Definitely not something I would recommend.
If there was one that was better, it would be the fries because it seemed like less oil.
The wings were packed with flavor and wasn't hot, which is a good thing, but a little soggy and not crispy how I prefer wings.
Then there was the pizza.
We got the meat lovers which I was excited for.
The toppings were top notch.
You can tell they use great ingredients in this pizza.
The problem was the crust.
It didn't WOW me and almost seemed like it was a frozen crust rather than homemade.
Here's the plus:  The ranch!
I don't consider myself to have a super advanced palate, however, I know my taste buds love it.
The ranch along really saved a lot of the dishes for me.
Given the interior, staff and of course ranch, I didn't feel like they deserved a lower score, however, they need to focus on less greasier food.
I think it'll do well regardless because of the location, especially after a night full of drinking.
If you're looking for a sit down dinner, I wouldn't necessarily consider this place.
I'm hoping my next visit will be better.
I'm not about to give up on this place because of their involvement in the downtown revitalization!

So there was this pizza joint in Tivoli Village once upon a time...they didn't put out a quality product in a location where that mattered...oh, guess what they're back with that same level of quality...only this time they just might survive off the tourists and bar hoppers.
I was in the neighborhood and needed some food.
My friends and I saw that something new was open next to Insert Coins.
We thought we'd check it out.
I wish we hadn't.
The pizza is just okay and the service had many issues...left hand never seemed to figure out what the right hand was doing the whole time we were there.
If the the end product was great I'd give them another shot to improve the service, after all, they haven't been open all that long.
As it is I have no reason to stop back in here.
I'd rather drive a few mins or walk a little farther for something I want.
If you find yourself here however (and you are set on staying) it seems like BBQ Pizza or Parm Fries might be the way yo go.

Mediocre pizza, at best.
I was expecting more.
Replace the canned toppings with fresh and put less salt in the sauce.
PBR was warm.
Staff was friendly.
Bus-boy kept putting dirty dishes on the counter where I was eating.

Came back and tried the chicken club pizza, awesome!
My waiter Jordan was great!
Watched 3 basketball games at once.
Waiting for UFC events

Pizza - GOOD!!!
Customer service - UGH.
My friend and I saw this place was opening up months ago and we were very excited to try it.
We always happy hour downtown at Vanguard so we figured this would be a perfect place to grab a bite of pizza after drinking.
We assumed they'd offer pizza by the slice because pretty much every pizza joint Downtown does.
Upon entering we noted a hostess stand outside, but no hostess, so we walked in.
The space is SMALL.
As soon as we walked in we were already in the pizza place.
There is no area to stand around and not look like a fool if you don't know where you're going.
Luckily a hostess (who would turn into our waitress arrived).
She asked if it were for two and we said yes, she seated us in their restaurant section which is basically right next to their bar section.
As for decor, it's nicely set up, except for the fact that there is an overload of televisions.
And every single one of them was on basketball.
My friend and I came to the conclusion that their space over at Tivoli Village must have been bigger and they just weren't willing to give up all those flat screens, so hey, just put 'em everywhere.
Seriously guys, lose some of the TVs.
Your customers will not miss them.
The night we were there they were offering a limited menu and they were upfront about it, which was nice.
At least we didn't go through their full menu and decide on something they did not have.
BUT we were disappointed to see the menu offered no option for just ordering by the slice.
We got over it and decided to order an 18" Viva Las Vegas which had pepperoni, a meat I can't remember right now, onions, yellow peppers and white sauce.
All of their specialty pizzas sound really good and I would like to go back and try more.
Sometimes places do specialty pizzas and you're like WTF?
No.
But RCP has really good-sounding concoctions.
Our pizza comes out and it looks delicious and smells delicious.
We dig right in.
First off the crust (for me) was perfect, crunchy, but had that nice chewy texture you get with good NY style pizza.
The toppings were salty and sweet and just made this wonderful little pizza-goodness opera in my mouth.
Then comes the downfall of our whole experience....   We noted the pizza had not been cut completely.
There were slices that actually should have been two slices and not one.
I picked one up and it was bigger than my face, so naturally, we just asked if we could have the pizza cut.
Our waitress then laid a lovely little explanation/insult on us.
"Well, this is not Dominos or Pizza Hut, it's NY style pizza so it's bigger than you're used to.
"  EXCUSE ME?
My friend and I were aghast as our haughty little waitress took our pizza away to be cut "Dominos-style" to our peasant liking (apparently).
Instead of just cutting our pizza she insults us.
Nice touch.
And you know what?
I like Dominos AND Pizza Hut so there.
Oh and by the way - if there's one food I know pretty much everything about - it's PIZZA!
And I certainly know what a NY style slice of pizza looks like.
Okay?
Pizza is (langauge) fucking pizza, all right?
So just cut my fucking pizza.
I want to go back to try more, but obviously my Dominos-ass should stay home and order pizza to be delivered.

Pizza was pretty good once we got the right one.
Price was right for the product given the tourist environment.
The waitress was a hot mess.
Ordered 3 beers and one coke.
Got 2 beers and 1 coke.
Asked about the other beer and got "yes, it's on it's way" as if the 3rd beer comes from a special place not near the other 2 beers.
Ordered half pepperoni half sausage.
Got half pepperoni half mushroom from a food runner.
Said that was the wrong pizza.
About 5 minutes later the waitress brought us the same wrong pizza.
After another 20 or so minutes got the correct pizza.
Never once asked if we wanted more drinks (there for over an hour), only saw the waitress to bring the pie and and check.
The table behind us was ready to walk out after getting the wrong pizza 3 times, the manager came to their table and they stayed.
Not sure if anything was offered to them.
Manager never came to our table.
I guess they are used to the wrong orders and that doesn't constitute a table visit.
In general tourists locations in Vegas have crap service so this didn't surprise me.

We were greeted by an awesome young lady who sold the brand.
Unfortunately while we waiting for a table the owner and manager made comments about our party leaning against the jukebox.
So they have a free jukebox that you can play....if you ask them to turn the "IPod" down.
I question the managers why they would offer something for free if it came with restrictions and they said that is our choice!!
So our choice was to leave!!
I understand conceptual values, but this made no sense!!
Good luck!
I will not spend my hard earned money here!

The bbq chicken pizza was amazing.
This is the only place in vegas i have seen sierra nevada torpedo on tap and it was only 5 bucks!
The menu changes daily as well, which is dope!

I'm happy that there's a nice little restaurant in addition to Le Thai in "hipster alley" on Fremont!
The place is really nice and the food is good and decently priced!
On the other hand I had an issue with the TVs around the whole place.
TVs are totally fine, it's a sports bar, I get that, but the volume was up so high!
There wasn't even a big game on ... it was all a bunch of highlights.
When there isn't a game on, I figured the TVs should be turned down and music should be turned up ... but not too loud!
I felt like I was yelling at my friend ... which isn't okay for a restaurant.

Great place to start a casual night out-- grab some pizza and some drinks.
DJ on Friday is awesome... Ciroc Vodka is the well vodka so stop on by and grab a $5 dollar vodka soda and have some fun!

I really liked this restaurant.
The food was delicious.
The service was good and our food arrived fast.
We visited the restaurant last Friday.
We sat in the back patio area.
We brought our 8 month old son and there was plenty of room for his stroller.
Our server was busy but he still took good care of us.
The ONLY reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because they didn't have high chairs.

"It gets better," they say online.
Not usually about pizza, but today it is.
It gets better than Radio City.
Like most people have been saying, service is kind of... service by definition.
Someone is there taking an order, technically.
Not in a friendly or helpful way, just in a way that says, "I make pizza, what do you want?
" And that's a shame because the place is kind of nice.
The pizza itself?
Not terrible, but not the best.
The cheese is somehow rubbery.
The crust is decent enough to make the cheese tolerable.
The toppings are somewhat dismal.
For $18, you should be getting a lot more.
Again, it's a shame.
It's in a prime spot downtown and serves up only some average food.
I think this will happen until things have really exploded downtown.
Until then, though, you're better off going somewhere else.
Le Thai isn't too far away.

After my first experience here, the food was good, but the service... ditzy.
Does anyone who works here know what they're doing?
I figured they'd just transitioned to the new downtown location and needed to work out some kinks.
The issues weren't bad enough that I wouldn't come back, so I decided to give them a second chance.
Second chance, we called in an order to go.
Just a large pepperoni pizza, nothing too difficult.
The girl on the phone sounded super confused like she didn't know what was going on and my husband even commented that he was worried we'd get there and there would be a problem with the order.
So we get there, I tell them I called in and order, and the 5 people working there all look around at each other and say, "I didn't take an order".
After telling them, "Someone answered the phone because I placed an order" a girl comes out of the back and said she as the one who took the order.
She handed us the pizza and didn't say anything.
I had to ask what we owed.
She looked lost and confused like she was on pills.
The rest of the staff then tried to overcompensate by being phony friendly, which I wasn't going to buy since one of the girls was on her cell phone texting and wouldn't look at us.
Overall, the food isn't bad, but I'm not sure it's worth dealing with the incompetent staff.
I may give them one final chance before writing them off altogether.

I love love LOVE RCP!
I make it over here at LEAST two or three times a week.
Radio City Pizza is a must stop if your are hanging out on Fremont East.
Always open late which is great for night owls and late nighters.
The website says they are open until you stop drinking, so make sure to make this stop!
Ciroc lines the walls and if you are lucky you might get a shot on the house!
;) Lance is a totally sweetie, but don't try to carry on a conversation while you order because the slice you ordered might not be the slice you get!
Regardless, ALL their pies are tasty.
The patio is fun to sit out on as well...
Weather permitting.
Full bar, great menu, and great vibe.
I rarely see an empty seat in the place!
I love me some sports.. especially basketball.
They have nice big TVs all over the restaurant and a giant one over the bar.
That's where I usually am.
When it comes to the pizza I am a HUUUUGGEE fan of the BBQ Chicken.
Probably the best Ive ever had.
The white is amazing too.
Touching back on the "convo with Lance" comment, I asked for BBQ Chicken one night and he brought us Buffalo Chicken instead.
I'm not a big fan of spicy, but guess what....
STILL AMAZING.
The owners are usually on site which is great.
I was getting hassled and hit on once by a guy that was SUPER wasted drunk and Elias quietly had him and his comrades booted from the joint.
No riffraff allowed here.
Then we were given shots on the house and most of our bill was taken care of.
I think we paid for maybe two slices out of our feast.
All in all, if you have an hour to spare or even more I would make your way over to Radio City Pizza!!

Terrible pizza as well as chicken wings.
The chicken wings were mostly fried badder without any chicken; also, the cheese on the pizza was very rubbery.
My friends and I found it to be almost inedible.
Great location, bad for the party goers who stumble in and end up suffering through eating their over priced pizza.

This is a new downtown gem.
The pizza is amazing, the asparagus appetizer is to die for, and the music is fantastic.
They are open super late, so they cater to the night owls.
Thumbs up!

Stopped in during Vegas StrEATs since the food trucks that were there didn't interest me.
Sat at the bar and we were told about he $2 draft specials.
I had a beer and noticed one other end of the bar the had Magic Hat #9.
One of my favorite beers when living on he east coast.
It is a Vermont beer, try it!
The pizza was pretty damn good.
I ordered a slice with meatball.
It took 15-20 mins for a slice but worth the wait.
Bartenders were friendly and quick with the drafts.
I will be back to try more of their tempting menu items.

This place had so much potential.
They are set up right next to the new Park on Fremont, they have small outside patio for those who love to eat outside like I do, but that's about all they have going for them.
I'm still not a downtown lover even with all the new renovations they've had over the years, I keep giving it more tries, yet I am still not falling in love like everyone else.
We were going to a 51's game, and my company happened to be a couple with a 3 y/o, so we needed something kid friendly, decided pizza would be best.
Seems like we had the opposite of everyone else's experience; good service but terrible pizza.
We started out with;   Medium wings, great flavor, but both the ranch and blue cheese were so watered down it was impossible to keep it on the wing, we even tried pouring it over the wing and it would just run off.
Hawaiian pizza.
Again, it had potential.
Huge pieces of jalapeños, red onion, pineapple, cilantro, and ham.
The pizza was so disappointing.
It was soggy, you couldn't pick it up to eat because the toppings slid off, the crust was like mush.
I ended up eating it with a fork and knife.
Oh, and they serve Pepsi products.
Another let down (bad ranch, soggy pizza and Pepsi make for a really bad pizza experience).

The pizza was good, drinks alright, but service was extremely lacking.
It felt like we were a bother to the wait staff.
I don't think I would return here.

Never will I be coming here again!
After waiting over an hour, our pizza was absolutely disgusting!
Also the service was so bad, the manager gave me back my credit card saying the meal was on him yet I WAS STILL CHARGED!
Unbelievable!
Thanks for nothing Radio City....

First let me say, dear RCP you lost 2 costumers over ONE DOLLER.
Here is what happened the menu listed a bottle of water for $5, and our servers I-phone said it was $6.
I mention it to the server and her response is; well that's what my phone says.
So fast forward to getting the check and it 's still is $6 for the water.
The server comes back over to take the check and I say, "I guess you're not going to give us the price on the menu.
" I got a blank stare and she took the check over to the bartender and hostess and proceeded to whisper about how to deal with us.
As we got up we had to walk out right in front of them we got nothing, not a "we're sorry for the confusion on the menu" or  "thanks for coming" or "goodnight"... nothing.
On to the other problem, we had the Chicken Caprese Pizza.
The ingredients are Chicken,cheese,tomatoes, fresh basil and balsamic.
We got that and... warm mixed greens WTF?
If I wanted a salad, I would have order it.
I am not sure if they were subbing for the lack of basil or had extra mixed greens lying around, but they wound up on out pizza.
Also, when the first ingredient is chicken and there are more mixed greens on the pizza than chicken, I feel mislead.
There is really good pizza and good service in town and I don't think it's at RCP.
There is one bright spot, the guy who was not our server with the tattoos.
He was very nice and wrapped our salad-less pizza in foil so we did not have to take a big box home.

If I could give this place a zero I would.
My family and I were in Vegas last week and we had the misfortune of picking this restaurant for a late night dinner.
Terrible slow slow awful service.
We went in for pizza...over 2 hours later we finally got our check by going up to the front and asking someone else for it because our server was so completely worthless.
The pizza we got was nasty, and when we told the server that, he did absolutely nothing about it.
Nasty food, terrible service.
Spend your money elsewhere.

I have to say, this place dishes out some fine delicious pizza.
Their gluten free crust is very tasty..
I ordered the vegan veggie gluten free yesterday and was completely satisfied and well fed..
The pizza isn't greasy or over cooked, it's just right and came out promptly.
Manager and staff were very attentive to my needs and very friendly.
Great atmosphere to bring friends, family, a date, or to catch the sports game..
I'm glad to see this place has joined Fremont Street because it's a great compliment to downtown.

Too legit to quit, chicken parm

The food saved the day by being well above average but it's hard not to be negatively influenced by the 45+ min wait on a Thursday afternoon.
Couple that with inconvenient parking and it's a bad mix for a business lunch.
Call ahead or don't bother.
There are too many better pizza joints that get the same thing done in a much faster and friendlier way.
A lot of this could have even been remedied by the staff acknowledging the delay in someway.

Fremont East has a number of new eateries open recently.
Le Thai, Comida and Park on Fremont are at the top of my list.
Radio City Pizza had also piqued my interest so we grabbed dinner with friends Sunday night.
When we walked inside, the bartender mentioned the A/C was broken, but we were welcome to take a seat.
We asked if the beer was cold?
"Yes" the bartender replied.
That's all we needed to know.
We figured we'd be in and out fairly quickly so the heat wouldn't be a bother (but we were wrong).
We were the only table seated, but service was slow from the start.
It's a fairly long and narrow space with a long bar, open kitchen and tvs line the dining area.
Oddly enough for a brand spanking new place the color isn't accurately adjusted on a single one.
Anyhow, the beer selection is good.
Unfortunately, the beers weren't nearly as cold as advertised and the quickly heated as a result of no A/C.
After our first beer we chugged water to keep cool.
We started with parmesan fries, we devoured them before I thought to take a picture.
They were real good, nice and crisp with a heavy dose of parmesan.
We had to ask for the ranch  (weak) we ordered on the side a few times before we received it.
Next, we ordered the Meat Stromboli and Pizza with sausage, mushrooms, olives  and green pepper.
We waited forever for our order.
There was filming taking place over by LVCS and the crew came in for a dozen pizzas.
This must have backed up the kitchen.
Our waiter never mentioned a thing, it's just our assumption based on observation.
While waiting a couple in our group went to use the restroom, when they returned they noticed that Radio City has outside dining in back.
We were a bit perturbed that it wasn't offered to us as an option when they mentioned the A/C was broke.
We questioned our waiter and we were told that it was an owners private function.
Back to the food, the stromboli and pizza looked appetizing.
I was happy to see they use slices of italian sausage rather than sausage crumbles.
The crumbles remind me of cafeteria food and weird me out a bit.
I'll never understand why some places prefer it that way, but I digress.
The crust was chewy and crisp about 3/4 through the pizza.
It suffered the wet center that majority of NY Style pies do.
Both the stromboli and pizza were extremely high in sodium.
I couldn't get enough to drink.
I retained enough water I could've soaked up Lake Mead.
I've had worse pies, but just down the street at Pop Up Pizza inside Plaza they're doing a better job at a cheaper price.
And they have A/C.
Our friends picked up the tab, so I'm not sure what the final damage was, but if I recall accurately pizzas are $19, Stromboli is about ten bucks and the fries were $7.
In any case, Radio City has some work to do.
Starting with its customer service.

Dined here 3 times and every time pizza was consistent and great...
I couldn't stop at just one slice.. Service is prompt and attentive, manager and staff are very friendly and drinks r priced just right and every day it seems like they have a drink special going on.. Great ambiance, and they always have the game on for u sports lovers..

Just moving from NYC to Vegas, I was longing for a good NYC styled pizza... and this was it.
I love this PLACE!

Second time at RCP:, and the last.
The first time just after they opened - limited menu, the wine I ordered was not in stock.
Understandable as they just opened.
As locals we were really looking forward to this restaurant providing another dining option downtown.
So we gave it a second try a few months later.
WORSE than the first time... !
Still the wine was not in stock and the beer we ordered was  not available.
Then waiting for the beer was painful  We could see the beautiful bar tender tending to everything except getting our beer as well as the beer for the adjacent table.
They ordered before we did.
The pizza quality was less than average.
I ordered a slice with peperoni and jalapeno.
The jalapeno looked as though it was thrown on the pizza as an afterthought.
It was not cooked into the pizza.
Then the exit, the wine that was not in stock had been charged to our bill, which required the manager to remove before we could pay with a credit card.
Wait, wait....wait.
No manager, no nothing...  Where does this manager hang out during lunch?
I offered to pay with cash and was told the manager still needed to remove the charge.
We gave them enough cash to cover the costs and left.
It seemed as a bother to the staff that we were there.
Too bad, we were really hoping for another eatery.
We will not be back!

Came in last night (Saturday) for a slice.
15 minutes and $5 for a slice?!
Egads.
Ya'll gotta do better

Good pizza and they have a full bar.
You can order by the slice or a whole pie.
Not a great beer selection but gets the job done.
It's not a big place so it gets a little crowded when they get busy.
Great place to watch sports since they have tons of TVs for such a small space.

Went for lunch on a weekday.
It was nearly empty, which is to be expected in that area at that time, I guess (although Le Thai always fills up for lunch).
We had the Las Vegas pizza and some garlic potato chips.
Both were just copmletely mediocre.
I can't slam them for being bad...but I can't say they were good either.
I can't think of a single reason to go back.

Hmmm, I am so torn...
If not for the pizza, this place would be a solid 4 stars.
Usually, I'd only drop it down to three stars and say, "stay away from the pizza," but, well, if you are a pizza joint, it just doesn't work that way.
The desserts here get 5 stars!
I had a cannoli, it was perfect!
The sweet ricotta was just the right level of sweet, the shell was firm, but not dry.
One of my friends had a chocolate covered one and he said it was excellent as well.
The sides are also very yummy.
The garlic knots are well seasoned and melt in your mouth.
The setup is nice, with plenty of seating, including an outdoor patio and an indoor bar.
The patio provides a view of Fremont.
The bar has a decent selection of alcohol with a few more specialized liquors you won't necessarily find everywhere else.
The service is also good, with staff that is friendly and accommodating.
even when the place is clearly slow and they're probably not making what they should be in the way of tips compared to other Fremont Street servers on a Friday night, they still stay cheery and aim to please.
But, the pizza.
It's badly made and clearly with the wrong cheeses and wrong seasonings in the sauce.
The pizza here tastes like the horribly over sweetened crap you get at dominos.
Or used to get at dominos.
I think even dominos has figured out how to make a better pizza at this point (not GOOD, mind you, just BETTER).
We ordered a white pizza and a regular one, so the problem was not one pizza alone.
Everything was bad.
If you've already had dinner, it's a nice place to grab dessert and drinks on the patio.
Just stay away from the pizza.

Pizza was great and reasonably priced.
Didn't get 5 stars because they only offer one size of pizza.
We had 3 people and couldn't agree on what to get so we would have really liked to order 2 medium pizzas, but that wasn't an option.

Came here for lunch and was surprisingly impressed with the pizza here!
A couple of our friends were at the convention center for the big Magic the Gathering tournament so the rest of the group went looking for a bite to eat.
We ended up at Radio City Pizza on accident after the Kabob shop across the street was closed and the breakfast/brunch joint Eat had a massive wait.
Try to get 5 different people with diverging tastes to agree on pizza toppings.
Good lord - it is a challenge like no other.
Finally after a considerably amount of time had passed arguing, we ended up ordering 20 wings, the Viva Las Vegas pizza and a build-your-own hand-tossed pizza with sausage, peppers, and onions.
The wings are served dry, meaning less sauce than I'm used to, but they tasted pretty good.
The hot was more like mild though.
The Viva Las Vegas was really yummy!
Topped with sopressata, roasted garlic, ricotta, roasted tomatoes, red onions, and banana peppers, it was quite a harmony of flavors contrary to what I thought it was going to be.
The best part of the pizza here I think is the crust.
It's got a really light doughiness and great texture to it.
Beer selection isn't amazing but I was perfectly content with my hefeweizen to go with my pizza and wings.
The pizzas are 18'' so they're pretty big.
Between myself and 4 other guys we had half a pizza leftover.
Great place for hanging out with the dudes for sure.

I had an amazing experience here on Friday night!
The pizza & salad were delicious, the beer was perfect and service was prompt.
I can't wait to go back again!

A little light on the toppings when you order by the slice.
They have a good selection of beer and every seat in the dining room has view of a TV.
Service is friendly but a little slow.
The back patio is lovely and inviting.

RCP is awesome!
My husband and I rented out RCP for a family gathering the night before our wedding and all I can say-- everything was perfect!!
We worked with the manager Brian and he made everything go so smooth for us.
The wait staff was kind and incredibly on top of it- Brian and his team were fantastic at accomodating our large group of 50.
The pizza- WHOA- delicious!
Everyone loved it!
Quality pizza!
The wings and the salad were delicious, too!
This was the perfect, PERFECT place for our family to gather and get to know one another- I would HIGHLY recommend RCP not only as a place to grab a pizza but also to have a great party.
Great food and incredibly affordable!
Thank you to Brian and his team!

As Vegas locals, we watched RCP fail at Tivoli in Summerlin and were disappointed when we had eaten there because the pizza was priced well above the average west coast slice and didn't seem to be worth it (even though we had high hopes that a Tivoli pizzeria would offer a up-scale option.
When RCP moved downtown to East Fremont Street, we hoped they'd do well and decided to give them a try again.
On our first visit with out-of-town friends at 11pm on a Saturday night, we waited 20-30 minutes for 4 slices of pizza, and after asking our server when the pizza slices would be ready, we were told that the "kitchen missed receiving our order".
We walked out as we were not willing to wait any longer for 4 slices of pizza.
My wife and I decided to give RCP yet another try a couple weeks ago, thinking maybe the service was slow/lacking on our previous visit as the East Fremont location had just opened at the time.
This second visit turned out to be no different than the first.
My wife and I sat at the bar, waiting for a server to come and take our drink and pizza order, while the restaurant was 50% full on a Friday night around 11pm.
Three servers/bartenders were huddled near the end of the bar, all laughing at something they were looking at on their cell phones, completely oblivious to the fact that we had sat down at the bar and were waiting for service.
After 5-10 minutes, we waved to the servers/bartender to try and get their attention, but were unsuccessful in doing so.
Once again, we walked out, and went across the street to Uncle Joe's pizza where we ordered drinks and slices of pizza and were seated and eating within 5 minutes.
I will not waste anymore time ever going to RCP again in the future, and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
We highly recommend going across the street to the real pizza parlor - Uncle Joe's if someone is looking for pizza in the downtown Fremont Street area!!
Only reason I am even giving RCP one star is because of it's location.

You get to order a slice of pizza with any toppings you want on it, it was really good and fresh, lots of people everywhere, fun atmosphere, good for people watching

The $5 for 2 slices and a drink is what convinced me to try this place.
I ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice with mushroom and a soda and I ended up being very disappointed.
I was looking to fill up before heading out to dance at a club til 4AM but ended up being disappointed.
First the waitress forgot my drink order.
She served my boyfriend the soda he had ordered but didn't serve mine even though I had ordered first.
About 5 minutes later she showed up and I told her she had forgotten my soda and she got one right away.
Our pizza showed up and it was quite mediocre.
I've never had bad pepperoni pizza before but this one I had to force myself to eat.
The mushrooms were not tasty either.
Adding red flakes made it a little better but I barely ended up eating half my food.
My boyfriend told me he thought the food was mediocre as well.
Definitely not eating there again.
I'd take my luck with the pizza place across the street next time.

This place sucks.
The special they were advertising sounded promising -- two slices of pizza and a soda for $5 -- but my god was the pizza awful.
Bland, seemingly canned sauce.
Doughy.
Remarkably flavorless toppings.
My starving dining companion ate two bites before giving up, prefering hunger to the culinary offense that is Radio City Pizza.
And the whole place just had a weird, musty smell.
I would not eat here again.

I've enjoyed eating at Radio City since it was at Tivoli.
The service has always been excellent and friendly.
As a native New Yorker, Radio City has kept the NY style pizza and added some flair in their specialty pizzas.
My favorite pizzas are the Viva Las Vegas and White pizza.
My friend loved the gluten free crust.
This weekend we had the buffalo wings, the were huge!

Fast friendly service in downtown LV.
Was told they had vegan pizza, but it;s only if you order a whole pizza I just wanted a slice or two for lunch.
Bit of a let down but I got the lunch special two slices and a soda.The slices were fricking huge so two pieces was almost too much.
My glass was never empty.

Ok, so what the heck is with the mediocre restaurants downtown Las Vegas charging prices that are ridiculous.
I'm sorry but I dont care how many hipsters hang around.
No thanks.

NEWS FLASH: 5 pizza places exist in 3 block radius!
More to come in downtown (because why the fuck not?!?!
)  This place is no big deal.
Unlike most the reviews  I actually didn't have a problem with service , the bar is decent, and the price is avg for the area.
But the food just sucked.
With Uncle Joe's (a historic family business across the street for $1-$3 less), Boston Pizza,Pop-up pizza at the Plaza,  Luna, and blah blah blah popin' up and taking your drunk money....this place is nothing special.

Had the opportunity to check out Radio City Pizza in their new digs down on Fremont with my group the Las Vegas Pizza Posse this evening, and let me just say they really did earn every one of the five stars to be sure.
Had a group of twelve and forgot to make our reservation, and seeing as there was an event down on Fremont St. they were already busy, but still managed to get us seated on the patio out back.
The pizza was fantastic, not to sure what their secret is with the crust but it was perfect, and the white pie "deliciousness".
The service was first rate, and even though seated on the patio, I can say not one thing was overlooked or neglected.
They definitely made us feel welcome.
One recommendation, if you're thinking about checking this place out with a group of say more than four, be sure to make a reservation.

I have been coming here for a while now and loved it at first because the prices were great.
This place really started to irritate me when they changed the menu and got rid of PBR.
We came here for the cheap pitchers and my fiancé loves the wings, but once the prices went up on the entire menu we decided the pizza isn't good enough to warrant the price.
Cheap PBR was your only saving grace Radio City Pizza..
It was a sad day when it was gone.

This place has really gone down hill.
Used to be my favorite place on Fremont... Now they have a confused identity and have slashed wait staff.
They have turned it into a wanna be sports bar.
They also claimed to have one dollar bud lights all NFL season long.
Suddenly that signed disappeared and now budlights are 4$ a pop.
Figure out your identity and stop changing prices, menu, and staff every two weeks.
You have decent food but extremely confused management.
People do not come to Fremont for a sportsbar.

RCP is in a great location, and I like that they have indoor as well as outdoor seating.
I've been there twice, and had a good experience the first time, not so great the second time.
I'm vegan, so both times I've ordered the calzone with Daiya cheese.
The first time I visited RCP they got the order right with no problems and it was delicious.
When I went yesterday, I again asked for the calzone with vegan cheese.
When the order came out I discovered that the cook had used Daiya as well as Ricotta *and* Parmesan on top!
I'm vegan for ethical reasons, but if I had been someone with a dairy allergy this would have been dangerous.
I spoke to the manager, who first blamed me for not clarifying that I didn't want the cow cheeses, though I think that's obvious from the fact that I asked for the *vegan* cheese.
Then he blamed the poor waitress, who was new and just doing her best.
Anyway, be aware that you apparently have to be explicitly clear about what you want on your food there.

I'd heard mixed reviews and have been here twice now.
The food is not bad - the garlic fries were delicious.
Prices are reasonable, and the pizzas were decent.
There are so many TV screens that every seat has a good view.
I would give this 4 stars, but the color is so far off on the screens that the Bengals/Steelers game looked like both teams were playing for the Susan G. Komen Team - one in light pink uniforms and one in dark pink.

I like the pizza here, granted they were closing at 10p on a Thur night and were only serving slices.
I thought the pizza went well after a few drinks around downtown.
I ordered a slice of mushroom and managed to finish that and order another slice before the kitchen officially closed.
I ordered another mushroom, this time you can tell they kinda half assed it by making a cheese pizza and putting mushrooms on top of it after it was cooked.
Either way, after a good buzz I couldn't tell the difference.
I wouldn't mind trying this place again sober!

tried the white pizza.
I like the thin crust, but it could use more cheese(Filippi's is way better).
I took it to go; I want to dine in next time, place seems real fun.
intrigued by the menu, wanna try lots of items

Pizza was good but it wasn't the best that I have ever had.
I ended up just getting a slice for $2.50 before you add .50 cents for every topping you want to add on.
If you want a whole pie its going to run you about $20 for an 18 inch.
Music was LOUD and they id you before they even let you in.
What I thought was cool that has nothing to do with this place at all is that Corey from Pawn stars and his wife ended up being seated behind us Oh!
One last thing you can play beer pong in the back for $25 package deal.

The food was good, but honestly we could have gotten this food anywhere much sooner!!!!
It took one hour from the time we ordered until HALF our table got some food.
I'll never eat here again

Very impressed with the pizza and customer service.
The owner was too kind almost.
Called us by name the whole time we were there, came over to chat and just see if we needed anything.
Shook our hands when we left....felt like celebrities!
Haha.
The pizza was great.
we decided on two kinds, cant remember the second but we did get "The White" It was pretty darn good.
So was the other.
Small spot, loud music, good vibe.
I wouldn't mind coming back and trying other options.
RCP, you got a fan!

Giving three stars strictly on the service which was excellent.
I wish I could say the same for the food.
We ordered garlic knots for an app.
and half came out fine the other half (the larger knots)where raw inside.
Showed the server and she said she would bring us some new ones.
I said no thanks, but she brought them out anyways.
I would have preferred them just taken off the bill, but at least she did something to make it right.
Next was the meat pizza.
Crust was very chewy and the sauce was very sweet.
Not sure what was salty, but the combination didn't sit right with me.
Might give it another shot.

Visited here for the UFC fights on November 16, price was good, ten dollars for cover (expected) both waitress were super friendly, Victoria was one she was great!!
So friendly, very attentive, was asking if we needed refills before we fully ran out, made great recommendations and had great knowledge of the beers, their taste, where they were from etc, the other waitress was also good, didn't know her name, but she was a floor waitress, when it was slower and she had more time again super friendly and smiley   Then the worst happened.
They had a shift change.
The two new waitress were NOT friendly, not smiley, not attentive, one of the girls was even cussing to the other waitress talking about the previous servers and basically DRAMA, now it was loud, she probably didn't think I could hear her, but not only did I hear her I knew what and who she was talking about.
Not very professional at all.
I would probably come back here again, but I would check who was working first.
I tried the garlic rolls, they weren't anything I will crave again, but they weren't bad either.
I saw a few pizzas come out that looked delicious though.

To be completely fair, my judgement of Radio City Pizza came at almost 2am, just before they close, and I had openly participated in the "all you can drink" game for about 3 hours prior to eating here....Now that said, I thought it was awesome.
You couldn't beat the 2 slices of cheese pizza and a coke for $5 deal at this time of the night/morning.
Pizza is exactly what I wanted and needed and Radio City Pizza delivered, pun totally intended.
The slices were big, pizza was thin, which I love.
Great flavor, greasy but not to the point of where it was dripping all over the place.
Cool thing was that there was 4 of us eating and they delivered an entire pizza plus 2 pieces.
Considering it was almost 2am the service was great, our waitress was really nice.
Not super attentive, but I wouldn't expect too much at that time of the night/morning.
Great decor, a sports lovers paradise with a ton of TV's.
Seems like it would be a great place to watch a few games on a Sunday.
I'll definitely be back next time I'm downtown.

This place seems like two people are running it and neither of them speak to one another.
Everything on the menu is confusing and it's like it's in stereo.
My wife and are locals and we frequent the downtown/Fremont Street area often.
We hadn't had a chance to eat at RCP yet so we gave it a shot there while we were waiting for some friends to arrive in the area this past weekend.
WOW were we disappointed.
We walked in the restaurant at 1PM on a Saturday and the place was completely empty.
We were politely told to seat ourselves and we did.
The waitress hurried over and asked if we wanted anything to drink.
This is where the frustrations started.
My wife asked for an iced tea and was told they don't serve it there.
WTF?
What kind of restaurant doesn't serve iced tea????
She said water would be fine.
I was lured by the special on the chalkboard outside which was 2 slices of pizza and a beer for $7.99.
I asked if I could substitute a cider for the beer and was told that the beer choices were only bud or bud lite...so, basically, swill and lite swill.
I said I would like a Sam Adams instead and was told they were out of that and three other beers.
Oooookay.
I just asked for a diet coke and left it at that.
She leaves to get our drinks and comes back.
The waters were in cheap plastic cups but the diet soda was in a glass.
Very odd.
So we order.
We decided to split their Italian Sausage platter as an appetizer and for an entree my wife orders a slice of the Chicken Pesto pizza and I decide to go for the cheaper special and get two slices of pizza and a soda for $5.
I ordered a Supreme and Pepperoni slice.
Nope...can't do that either.
It has to be cheese to qualify for the special.
"Screw it, just bring me one slice of Supreme then!
" I said.
A few refills on our drinks and then, when I thought our appetizer was coming out, here arrives our pizza.
"The cook said the sausage takes a bit longer so I'll bring that out when it's done, OK?
"  Fine.
We look, and both our pizza slices were on cheap paper plates.
Very low class.
We also notice that my wife's Chicken Pesto pizza was actually just a slice of cheese so the order was taken or made wrong.
At this point, she just didn't care to say anything so she ate it.
Both pizzas were OK but certainly nothing spectacular.
If you told me it came from Dominos I wouldn't have been shocked.
Five minutes later the sausages came out.
On paper plates?
Nope, this was served in a dish.
Like I said, it's as if two people run the place and neither of them talk.
The sausage platter looked nice but was extremely bland even though it was smothered in onions and peppers.
Truly, it was made by someone with no tastebuds.
We got our check and at least the waitress rang us up for a 2-slice and soda special but the order was wrong anyway so I'm not sure what to say there.
The more we looked at the menu and specials though, the more we got confused.
it's the only pizza place I've ever been to where a slice of cheese pizza is $3.50 but if you add pepperoni to it, it's only $3.00.
So if you eat there, it's actually cheaper to order a pepperoni pizza and pick off the pepperoni if you only want cheese.
Stupid.
We left as soon as we could and would not go back until they get new recipes and someone who actually knows a little bit about how to run a menu.

Service out of this world in nice!
I love this place the best pizza I've had since moving from NY to Vegas.
It's kind of placed in a little bit of a inconvenient area but I loved this place I can't wait t go back.
They're pizza is absolutely phenomenal I cannot say it any better than that.
They also make a really good home style ranch.
This is a must visit, must try pizza shop if your in vegas.

Great tasting pizza and fast.
Decently priced for the middle of down town.
Go easy on the Parmesan, it's surprisingly high quality!

Not great service.
Better then average pizza , but it cost a 30% more then the pizza place across the street that is also very good.

LOVE RCP.
I stop by here every time I am downtown.
Their $5 pizza deal is perfect for lunch, and the food is delicious.
I love the atmosphere, and the service is amazing.
I highly recommend Radio City Pizza for a slice and drink next time you are Downtown!

Great slice, lots of tv's to watch the game.

Whether your planning an event, having a celebration or bar hopping on east Freemont, RCP is a place you must check out.
Having a variety of specials and great affordable prices you can't lose walking in.
The menu is large so I guarantee you can full fill whatever craving it is that your having.
Now since it's known for pizza I personally know that their dough recipe is homemade and prepared on premises as well is their marinara sauce.
Oh did I mention they make all there sauces including almost every single side and salad dressing from scratch.
As well as there sauces my most recent favorite item is there homemade mozzarella sticks they are to die for!
RcP offers a lot of great items to choose from, amazing 5 dollar shots and even open late.
My kinda place!
It can be yours to, check it out

This place has excellent wings, but the customer service is the worst I have ever received.
The waitress never once acknowledged my table, or asked if we would like something to drink.
I have never been so flat out ignored before.

The pizza is not bad.
The crust had a great texture and they are generous with their toppings.
A group of eight was able to share two pizzas, two salads, two appetizers, and a sandwich with leftovers.
I am perplexed by how restaurants perpetually run out of products.
It seemed like half the items we wanted were out that day.
The limited items that were available were decent.
The Chili cheese fries were a hit and miss.
The fries are crispy.
The Chili was good.
The cheese was not the artificial sauce.
It was half a slice of Kraft singles torn on top without being melted.
The Caesar and caprese salads are nothing special.
u don't really expect pizza places to serve a mean green option.
One of these days maybe one will surprise me.
The pizzas themselves had a good chewiness without being too doughy.
They are thinner yet not cracker like.
Each 18 inch pie is cut into eight slices.
I could only eat one slice after all the starters.
The meat lovers was the first to go.
The Supreme was more my style.
If only they had the Mac'n Cheese pizza.
A fat kids dream.
The Philly was okay.
Nothing special.
The beers look overpriced.
Once you see that they serve 22.5 ounce bottles instead of the normal 12, it makes sense.
The service is slim, but not in a bad way.
One server for the whole restaurant.
She popped in enough to make sure we had everything and wasn't intrusive.

Stopped at Radio City Pizza for lunch and only because Big Ern's BBQ at Container Park was closed (at 12:30 on a Sunday.
I don't get it.
) and the Mexican joint there was packed.
Have three kids with me so I thought, can't go wrong with pizza.
Only, yes, you can.
Enter Radio City Pizza.
Ordered the pizza special, two slices and a drink for $5.
Good deal, I thought.
And it is a good deal.
Only, it isn't good pizza.
Pizza came out really quickly, like within a minute so, it'd definitely been sitting around a while.
At first sight, it reminded me of Costco pizza (and that's a good thing).
Slices were both large, with the right amount of sauce and the right amount of cheese.
But it really wasn't good.
The cheese was congealed and the crust was hard.
Not crispy or chewy.
Just hard.
My daughter actually said she wished we were at Pizza Hut.
That bad.
I ordered the sausage and peppers appetizer but was told they were out of sausage.
Ugh.
So I looked at my other options and ordered the salmon salad.
Oops, because they were out of salmon, too.
Our server explained that by the end of the week, they're out of most things.
It's Sunday, prime lunch time on Fremont St. Time to think about stocking up closer to the start of the weekend, rather than the end.
Anyway, she suggested the apple salad with chicken added.
Rather than going for a third strike and ordering something else from the menu which they were out of, I went with her suggestion.
The salad is described as mixed greens, blue cheese crumbles, apple slices, whole walnuts, and cranberry-pomegranate dressing.
What I got was a bed of mixed greens which were tossed in balsamic vinegar and a few slices of apples.
Honestly, that was it.
Not a single crumble of blue cheese, not a single walnut.
And there is no way that dressing was anything other than balsamic and olive oil.
It reminded of a salad you'd get at Carls Jr because you're trying to eat healthy.
It was awful.
And the added chicken was so, so, so bad.
Chopped up tiny pieces of super dry chicken.
Terrible.
Despite this place being really close to my office, I won't be back.
And I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

I was craving curly fries real bad and was disappointed that nobody in Container Park serves fries so, we walked to a kabob place that supposedly has good gyro and fries but they were closing by the time we got there.
So, we ended up at RCP.
They have fries!
I ordered garlic Parmesan fries and meat luvers pizza.
While waiting for the food, we found smut tucked in the menu holder.
Jana and BJ were hot.
I'm not sure why I got a whole  pie when I wanted only a slice.
Garlic Parmesan Fries: Oh this was yummy.
Fry craving was definitely satisfied.
Not super garlicky but still tasty.
5/5  Meat Luvers: How they spell lovers bothers me but whatever.
The crust and edges of the pie were good but was very soggy towards the middle.
I picked up a slice and all my toppings slid off.
It was a good pizza but I don't like my pizza toppings on my scarf.
3/5  The manager comes over to us asking about "our" smut.
We're innocent!

Pizza is pretty good but nothing too special.
For a place right on Fremont St I was surprised that it was so cheap though.
Fairly extensive selection of draft beer for a pizza joint too.
And what!?
Brooklyn Beer in Las Vegas?
Nice touch RCP.
I will say, I witnessed an order of macaroni and bacon balls or something of the sort.
That sounds too good to be legal, so I may have to be back to try that and perhaps adjust my rating accordingly.

RCP is by far my favorite Pizza in Las Vegas.
It's always great and the Gluten Free Option is very good.
When I'm not eating Pizza, I'm having the Meatball appetizer.
It's fantastic.
Prices are very good for being on Fremont Street and the staff is friendly and make you feel at home.
I'm there more for the people and the TV's than the food sometimes.
Can't go wrong at RCP especially on a Fri or Saturday at 3am.

Was greeted imminently, very good service by MIMI.
Our first visit there was very surprising after trying to find out what we wanted to do everything ended up great very nice friendly people loved the concept completely.
Will be back very soon(:

Bad experience here !
I went with some friends and a young waitress was very rude from the start gave us very bad service .
We asked her to split the check and told us to just divide it ourselves , we defiantly wont be back .
The manager though was nice he came and spoke to us .

"Amazing pizza?
" I was asked by my lovely server.
"indubitably!
" I concurred.
Bringing my heart broken friend to mend his sulking heart by eating 'amazing' pizza was the best remedy indeed!

My friend and I decided to try this place out after a show right across the street.
We walked in about a quarter to 2am or so.
We asked if they were still open and if they still had pizza by the slice.
They said yes and we walked up to the counter.
The younger girl at the register was absolutely rude.
She was on her phone and also cursed the entire time we stood there waiting for our pizza.
She was completely unprofessional.
We finally got our pizza.
My friend finished hers pretty quickly.
I had about a quarter left of mine.
This is when they started to turn out lights.
Which was fine when they turned down the main light.
But then everyone, the two 'servers' and the cooks started waiting by the door and continued to turn off all the rest of the lights even though they still had dirty tables to clean.
There wasn't a trash can or napkins to be found.
We finally got fed up with their obvious kicking us out.
We walked out, me with pizza in hand, at 2:08am.
If this is the norm of service, I won't be back.
The pizza is ok but there's definitely other pizza joints on Fremont with much better service and much better pizza.
The beer was also overpriced.

Good wood fire pizza here.
Prices are pretty reasonable.
The staff wasn't friendly, at all.
Would rather drive the extra 10 mins to go to my normal place.

I really enjoyed my time here.
The staff was super friendly.
Best service I've had my whole vacation!
Are waitress was so incredible sweet (Mimi), very attentive & cheered up me & my partner after a bit of an upsetting event at another place.
I would come back just for the great service alone.
I had the veggie pizza on gluten free crust without cheese.
One of my favourite things about this place was they don't charge to swap out toppings.
I have a very restricting diet so this was great for me.
They added extra sauce & jalapeño & roasted garlic for no extra charge!
The pizza was delicious!
The sauce on it was amazing!
Everything was cooked perfectly, the toppings were fresh.
The pizza was a good size.
My very hungry partner & I split this pizza.
It was a good portion for the two of us!
This pizza was $21.
Normally I would think this was a little bit of a steep price but the quality of the pizza made it 100% worth it.
The atmosphere was nice, they played kinda top 40 music, had oodles of T.Vs with sports one.
It was very clean & organized.
I liked it.
I would say if you're in the area or feel like some really yummy pizza to check this place out.
I hope I have time on this trip to go back!

I've been craving pizza for days and finally got my fix.
The prices were good for the area.
I got a 21" gluten free pizza and split it with my partner.
We ate way more than we should have but it was delicious and we devoured it!
I love the look of this place, inside and out.
It has a high class  sports bar vibe to it.
The one thing I disliked was the blaring of top 40 music.
I would totally come back and try another gluten free vegan pizza with different toppings.

Went to check out the Containers centre downtown.
They only been open few months so not a lot of options for food.
Decided to walk towards Fremont experience.
Where I came across Radio City pizza.
Was greeted right away.
Loved the atmosphere.
It had a full bar and a lot of TVs.
Service was great and food was awesome.
I had salmon salad.
Salmon was seasoned perfect and moist.
My boyfriend ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza.
Tasted fresh and was very hot.
The sliders were yummy.
Was on a sweet roll for bun, chipotle mayo, think was Swiss cheese.
Meat was juicy.
Normally not a fan of sliders but had good flavor combos.
When we left we were greater by the owner.
Very friendly and gave us the scoop about the history.
Very interesting... You could tell she cares about her customers.
She took the time to talk to us.
And caters to her customers.
I'm a local and will definitely be back again.

Nothing to complain.
Nothing to defend.
The food was delicious.
We had sandwiches not pizza but the pizza that came out looked amazing.
And the fries were on point, very affordable, delicious beer choices, timely service.
The owner used to be a Rockette, hence the name Radio City Pizza.
She personally greeted us and checked on us throughout the meal.
I'll be back many many times.

Very good service.
Food was awesome!
Timely and friendly!
Owner is a former rockette checked on us during our meal gave us some history about her spot...def a must in downtown vegas!

I had to knock the star off because Ciroc was on special (I wouldn't normally drink it because of the whole p diddy thing...brand ambassador my ass) and it SEEMS as though it pours from a tap on the bar but NO....it comes from the bottle.
Talk about a gyp!
The pizza was effing delicious and we had WAY more than was necessary.
Carolyn/Caroline?
The red headed hotness behind the counter was fun and down to make sure we had a great time.
We had to sit by some hungover dudes but soon were downing shots like it was the night before thanksgiving and we were going to be so hammered that meeting inlaws wouldn't matter.
Get the pizza...get the beer...get the drinks...make sure they know you are there to have fun and it will be cheap!!

Great food  fresh ingredients what more needs to be said  had the philly cheese .she had the chicken sandwich both were really good definitely give them a try

This place was great .
it reminded my of some of the small pizza joints in New York City .
and the pizza was pretty good as well.
We ordered the Radio City Meat Luvers Pizza .
it had plenty of toppings .
just the right amount of cheese .
an a very tasty sauce.
The crust was crispy and also had a good taste.
I am torn though .
with another great pizza place in the area .
I may only make it down here when I come to Fremont East to drink .
and that is not a bad thing .
since that is usually a couple of times each Las Vegas Trip.
But definitely on my .
I will be back list.

We are on Vegas for a Dj Tour.
Yesterday we discovered this amazing place!!
The food is delicious!
Yesterday Judy actually walked outside & told us the food was great and to try it out.
We came in not knowing who she was.
It wasn't till later that the waitress told us who she was.
By the way our waitress was amazing.
Her & Judy are the reason we came back.
Today however I'm extremely upset.
My appetite went away.
Our waitress Toni, I asked her name so I'm hoping she didn't lie.
She was extremely rude & NOT helpful.
The $50 of food we ordered came, we asked for sides of ranch & BBQ and she charges us, we were not charged yesterday.
I asked why the wings are dry and she had the nerve to say "I didn't cook it" really?
So I asked "if you can't ask the cook I definitely don't mind asking" she rolled her eyes and asked of extra sides were okay.
I'm sorry but I thought I was paying for food & service?
I'm never coming here again & better believe this waitress got NO TIP.
We took all our food to go.
Sad that I didn't have time to leave a review yesterday.
And upset that this poorly educated waitress ruined my experience at Radio City Pizza.
Sorry Jodi.
Place is great.
Food is delicious.
However customer service can make or break an experience.
Toni should be behind a cash register or washing dishes not ruining people's lunch with her attitude.

I was witness to Karina's table and don't agree with their interpretation.
After discussion with the waitress from the night before, I know that they stiffed her the tip for a large bill.
They are tacky for even posting.
The place is really cool, the food is excellent and the service is even better.

They've really gone downhill at their new location.
More money for less quality.
I've been to their downtown location twice, I wont make a mistake by trying it a 3rd time.
This past time, we ordered chicken fingers with garlic parm fries, we received burnt chicken pieces with sweet potato fries.
The server wasn't aware they were out of normal fries.
She ended up comping the chicken fingers.
Pizza was greasy and lacked flavor.
Upside is they have a better selection of beers than even when they first opened up shop downtown.
But other places have good beer too, ill go there.
Two stars because at least our waitress was friendly.

The bartender was slurring her words and clearly wasted.
She had a hard time taking our order and carrying out simple requests like requesting a channel or water; and we were the only 2 people in there.
The cook actually ended up having to remind her.
She was sweet tho, just drunk.
Not much of a selection of beer but the food was good.
Won't be coming back.

Amazing pizza and you have to try the meatballs!
Great place to watch a game and was especially fun during March Madness (lots of TVs).
It's very clean, staff is nice and love the atmosphere on Fremont East.
Favorite pizzas here: White Pizza and Buffalo Chicken Pizza.
I also like the kind of fries they serve here with sandwiches - skinny but still flavorful!
They also have a nice back patio - in addition to the front patio - for when it's nice out.
Good selection of beer.
Highly recommended.

Chose Radio City Pizza during the first "Wednesdays Downtown" event as neither me or my bud had been and our first choice Le Thai had a 45 min wait (RCP was pretty much the only restaurant that seemed dead - unfortunately we soon found out why).
The menu wasn't all that impressive (but I can be a picky eater), so I opted for the Salmon Sandwich.
At $12 it wasn't as crazy over-priced as some of the menu was and while it wasn't anything special (salmon, mixed greens, and Thousand Island on a bun), at least quality/freshness of the fish made it seem worthwhile (unfortunately the fries that came on side were definitely not - they seemed to be "twice-fried", sub-fast food quality - and for no obvious reason were served with a side marinara sauce & not ketchup...huh?).
All of this wouldn't have been that offensive except the rest of the dining experience was rather uninviting: they were woefully understaffed even though they weren't very busy - the lone waitress was nice but beyond frazzled (we had to ask for utensils, which were pre-packaged plastic; then we never even got the napkins we asked for, having to grab them from the counter when we spotted some); the beers were all crazy ridiculously expensive (most of them were $10), so we opted to stick with water; and of course there were the obligatory amount of flat screens showing new/sports/etc and one was blaring so insanely loud that we couldn't hear each other and have a normal conversation (and neither could the waitress).
Sad as I know this place has been open awhile and I like to support local joints, but hey - there's a better pizza place just across the street...too bad they don't see the need to step up their game and actually be competitive, cuz neither one of us will be back.

Very disappointed after driving all the way across town and walking six blocks to try their happy hour only to be informed they are not seating any more people as they had a private event soon.
..on a Tuesday no less.
Meanwhile they still had the sign advertising happy hour out on the sidewalk.

Went to this place today  to grab a beer to find the  bartender threatening to send the waitress home for not greeting someone that was  aiming to sit at the bar.
I didn't find it my place to say anything to him about it because I don't like conflict but it seemed to really have embarassed and or pissed the girl off.
I asked her how she was doing and she said "I'm doing the best I can, thank you for asking" sweet girl even after.
Hated to see her embarrassed like that so I threw her 5bucks because I felt her pain and the guy seemed like an asshole but I still gave him a tip for the sake of service.

We visited RCP after we completed the Color Run.
We were starving, and a group of 5 of us showed up before actual business hours.
The server wasn't too thrilled to have us trekking in the mounds of colored corn starch all over her not-even-open restaurant, but she warmed up after an initial 'don't sit anywhere, no tables are set up' freak out.
(I don't blame her.
Our rainbow colored gang was hungry, shedding mess all over the place, and using her bathroom as a mini shower).
My sister and I split a gluten free pizza crust.
The pie was delicious.
The mixed drinks were good and reasonably priced, given its prime Fremont location.
RCP, thanks for providing service and sustenance even before your actual business hours.

Great Pizza, and it's a very chill atmosphere.
Quick service and the bartenders were very friendly.
I strongly suggest giving it a try if in the Downtown area.
They have shots of Fireball, Jamison, and Ciroc for only 5$.

we started from no clean tables available, the only one clean had no chairs, the cashier was so distracted, we payed him $7 for the special (2 pizza slices & beer) with a $20 bill he gave me back $8, when i asked him what was this he didn't even know what was that change from, after reminding him he asked me how much is 20 minus 7, i said 13, then he grabs a pack of bills from his pocket and gives me the correct change.
i was never explained that the special came with only cheese pizza, i asked to have pepperoni, he mentioned if i pay $1 he will change it for me, after getting my slices one is pepperoni the other one is cheese... after paying $1 I asked him what happened and he goes "ill give you your $1 back and keep the slices" the worst place in downtown... the pizza was ok, i wouldn't come back.

my girlfriend and i have become regulars here, coming about 3 times a month.
servers always recognize us, even remember our order!
for an establishment downtown that sees so many people this is amazing to me.
the pizza is always great and i'd kill someones mom for the alfredo fries.
highly recommend

This place sucked when it was open.
It looks like it closed down now.
Good riddance  I never had good food or good servoce here.
I was here a total of 3 times and each time sucked in a different way.
The food was god awful, expensive,  and the service was shaky at best.

Last time we stopped in, it must have been earlier because you were able to order anything you wanted.
On this trip, it was past midnight and they were only serving pizza.
They really looked to be understaffed for a holiday weekend as the servers were having a hard time keeping up with the crowd.
When our pizza's were ready, they sat on the counter top until I got up and got them.
The cook was like, they will bring them to your table to which I said, they have been sitting her for a good 5 minutes and we have not seen the server, I will take them.
Drink refills were slow, basically any kind of service was slow but it was not the fault of the staff as they were working as hard as they could to stay on top of the crowd.
They all did a great job, but having mroe staff especially on a holiday weekend would make it run a lot better.

If you're going to get pizza downtown and everywhere is open then either RCP or Pizza Rock will most likely be your top two picks.
RCP is great for their affordable drink prices and single slices.
It's not NY pizza (trust me, I'm from NY) but it is still very tasty none the less.
Their gluten free pizzas, although on the pricy side, are very good.
RCP is also great for their 2 cheese slices & a soda special which will only set you back $5!
Ciroq is the choice of drink for my wife when at RCP and at $5 a pop they're a steal!
Think bud light bottles are only $3 but don't quote me.
Great place to have some drinks and watch the game or just kick it with their friendly staff at the bar.
The back patio is a hidden gem and an awesome spot to throw a party.
We've hosted BDay parties back there multiple times & always have a blast!

