I have been doing a lot of dropping off and picking up at Sky Harbor lately.
I've been there about 6 times in the last 2-3 weeks.
And since our local police force always seems to chase me out of the terminal when my party is not there, I end up at the cell phone lot.
They have lots of parking available and a big sign to tell you when the flights arrive.
In addition, it's easy ins and outs from the lot to the terminals.

Gone are the days of guessing when tie guest are ready to be picked up.
4 stars because they have a light pole right near the front that blocks the board.
Also kind of confusing of how to get to each lot.

Gone are the days when you can park and walk into the airport to greet your special someone as the come of the plane.
However, at least we now have a place to sit comfortably and wait for them.
What a great idea!
It makes it so easy to pick someone up at the airport when you have somewhere nearby that you can wait and a big board to keep you informed of their status.
The last thing anyone wants is to be sitting out on the curb waiting for someone to come get them after a long day of travel!

Good place to wait and sit to have your guest(s) arrive.
Free of charge too.
The only bad thing is that you might not be able to park during peak holiday seasons.

Picking up my cousins from Portland OR

This is a great place to come to wait ,when you are waiting for a flight to come in.
You do not have to drive around the Airport wasting gas and getting in anyones way.
You simply pull in here, wait for your cell phone call and relax.
When your party arrives, they call you and they go to get their luggage.
You leave the lot and go to Passenger pick up.
It works like a charm.
There is one on each side of the Airport as well.
So weather you are coming from the East or the West you can use one.
Plus it is free.
You do not have to pay as you would have to if you parked.

I like the idea of having a place to wait a bit in the airport.
I don't like all of the people with me.
Also on the sun it is to damn hot

