Talk about finding good ways to save paper and save money on your wedding invitation.
I knew I wanted something different "Golf related" for the save the date and a non traditional wedding invitation that has multiple papers/envelopes.
And you know how hard it is to find non cheesy golf invitation.
Jenny was able to help me custom design the way I wanted.
My husband and I were super happy when we saw it and got a lot of compliments.
The best part was that the last page of my invitation was a tear off RSVP post card to be mailed back.
How come no one had thought of that??
Thanks Jenny and the Eeko staff.. you guys are the best.

Professional...Professional...Professional.
eeko studio's creator, Jenny Poon, is an expert of her craft.
Expect timely execution, networking, inventiveness, supporting the local community, and much more from eeko studio.
They go above and beyond what they have to to help your company succeed.

Jenny's designs are cool, creative and inspired.
Not only that, but I love working with her!
She's professional, hardworking and precise - not to mention hilarious and so easy to work with.
She listens to your needs and really gets to know who you are, so the designs reflect the best and most true version of you.
I trust her creative eye and would recommend her to everyone.

Jenny at eeko studio built my current Web site about a year ago and she has been present every step of the way as I have fine tuned and attempted to optimize the site.
She always responds to my most trivial of queries and takes immediate action to find solutions to things I want to change.
A+++ for Jenny and eeko studio.
Oh!
And did I mention she does it all without harming mother Earth?
; )   Bonus points!

I've been MIA on YELP, sadly, but I've decided to come back because I think this business deserves some kind of a fist-bump-explode action...all I'm saying.
Here's the deal: Everytime I go to some networking, social shindig, I make it a point to give my personal biz card (Yes, I said "personal," not to be confused with my professional one).
And every single time, the recipient will say, "Oh my, these cards are great...it's so YOU!
"  Thaaat's right...and that's exactly what I expected from graphic artist extraordinaire, Jenny Domingo, when I asked her to create a business card for me that is quirky, bold, unexpected, and ME.
Working with Jenny is a breeze.
She listens to what you envision, she gets it, she executes, and she executes it flawlessly.
She has an amazing eye for design and color combo, which in my opinion, is ultra important when trying to capture attention.
More importantly, you'll get along with her...seamlessly.
She is that cool and friendly--so much so, that you wished you knew her in high school.
She's unpretentious but remains professional, not in the stuffy sense.
Believe me when I say, "You'll like her.
"  Finally, her designs are effective.What do you mean, you ask?
Let's put it this way:  I was so overjoyed by the final design of my biz card that I posted it on my FB page, and a freelance client hired me on the spot---without even touching the actual business card.
I'm telling you...well worth it.
Oh, and P.S.
Her biz partner Odeen rocks, too.

Eeko designed my postcards for an upcoming special mailing.
They came out so gorgeous!
And they delivered them to my office.
The designer was super easy to work with and was very responsive to my feedback.
I'm not very creative when it come to projects like this but they were able to take my muddled verbal descriptions of what I thought I wanted and gave me three options and we turned one of them into a postcard that I absolutely love.
I strongly recommend these guys for your projects.
And they're a member of Local First Arizona and I'm a big fan of supporting local businesses when I can.

