Did I get hustled into buying sheets, yeah kinda.
Am I THAT upset about it?
No.
Will I go buy more sheets from here, for sure NOT.
But this may be a personal preference.
They pushed the fact that these were 1500 threat count, but does that even matter when they're micro fiber sheets?
I feel like they don't let me breath.
Like if I lay in the same spot i feel like they make me sweat almost.
They are soft, feel smooth, nice, decent quality.
But overall they aren't really worth the $99 buy one get one deal they offer.
They also pushed the "wrinkle free" idk I guess I could care less if they wrinkle or not, but they did for the record.
My boyfriend loves them though, so truly it's a matter of opinion, but I wanted to write the review to point out there hustle game which is a tad bit on the shady side.
The sales lady almost even got an attitude when I asked how long they had been a company, and a little history on them.
I respect their game, but I won't return.

Horrible!!!
Stay clear of this place, the beds are comfortable in the store and then when you get yours delivered its hard as a rock even after a week and then they'll tell you "we gonna charge you to pick it up and a 15% restocking fee" the guys name who does the business is Eric.
STAY FAR AND CLEAR from this place.

The package states that the 1500 thread count sheets "feel like Egyptian cotton" but they are in fact only microfiber (which isn't stated anywhere on the package).
Luckily I bought them on sale ($40 for a queen set) so I don't feel too scammed.
We'll see how they hold up.

Thank you Eric for the great deal on our Nature's Sleep Gel infused Sapphire memory foam bed and bedframe.
We love it!
We originally came in to mess around on the vibration machine on display.
That turned into wanting to buy sheets and bamboo pillows, which then had us laying on the Nature's Sleep beds that were so comfortable.
I am a skeptic by nature and not easily swayed or buy on impulse, especially when it comes to large items like this.
We went and did our homework to compare other nearby memory foam mattresses and dealers.
We spent the remainder of the weekend doing this.
Holy Sheets had the best price on the mattress we wanted and the best incentives, so we went back to Eric.
We were even more thrilled to be able to get a great bedframe (since we upgraded from a Queen to a King sized bed) at a killer deal that would have costs hundreds more from other furniture dealers.
I don't know which mattress others have purchased, but the one we got is the most comfortable and coolest feeling mattress I've ever slept on.
The model we got is a medium firmness and felt just like the one in the store.
The sheets are also smooth and cool to the touch.
The bamboo pillows took some getting used to as they start out firm, but they recommend you toss them in the dryer for a little bit to soften them up and help dissipate the foam smell.
Be aware that you can't sleep on your mattress for 24 hours to allow it to uncompress from its rolled up delivery state.
They store it in the warehouse this way.
So hopefully you have a spare guest room to sleep in for the night like we did.
There is a strong foam smell the first couple days but it fades.
The better the quality of mattress you get, the less of a foam smell and of course the less comfortable...so don't shortchange yourself.
We absolutely love our Sapphire Gel infused memory foam bed and the bedframe we got from Eric.
He was a pleasure to work with, hooked us up on sheets and even called us the following days to make sure delivery went well and we were happy with our bed.
Now that's great customer service.

If i could i would give 0 stars!
We were in the store going to buy a mattress and the owner said for us to leave!
We were not good enough to buy a mattress apparently and i told him i wanted to buy the mattress and he still insisted that we left and he would take his chances.
He didnt think i had money cuz im young and "brown".
Little does he know that im a successful business owner.
Bad ethics is all i have to say!

Please stay away from this place.
Luckily, I purchased my sheets on sale for $45 for a Queen set.
My girlfriend and I specifically asked the sales girl if there is any pilling (little balls at the bottom of the sheets) on their sheets and she said no.
After barely over a week of using them, we're already getting pilling.
The sheets themselves are fairly heavy which is definitely not preferred during Vegas summers.
Poorly run company.
We bought two Queen sets, one of which was never opened, and they refused to take it back.

