So far two massages and they both have been awesome.
Very professional, knowledgable and location is close enough to walk too.
Signed up for a monthly massage.

John gave me a chair massage after my Crisis Nursery Ks for Kids 5K today.
It was my first 5K since I injured my back in November.
He did a trigger point massage on my neck and back and even helped the rib I displaced last week feel better!
I got home and thought I'd be in severe pain, and I actually feel like I could jog another 5K right now!
I am definitely going to see him for their introductory offer for new clients of $59 for a 55-minute massage very soon!
I'm betting I'll wind up a regular client of his!
Highly recommend John (it just so happens he's a nice guy too)!

I chose an 80 min massage.
Slovica was my therapist.
She was fantastic!
She released a huge trigger point on my quads that made my knee pain go away.
She also released several trigger points in my upper back.
Her massage was very thorough and included work on the subscap and teres muscles which I desperately needed.
She worked deep when she needed to and checked in often.
Finished up with some comforting Swedish style strokes that left me feeling great!

I absolutely loved the 55-minute relaxation massage that I got from Analus today.
She did a great job working out a few painful knots in my neck and shoulders.
I left Elements feeling so much more relaxed and pain-free.
I will definitely be going back!
I now plan to get my husband a gift certificate here for Father's Day next month.
He'll love coming here too.

I never thought I would get a massage let alone get one regularly.
But once I had my first massage at Elements, I was a convert!
I am a member now and look forward to my monthly appointments.
I also get an upgrade during my birthday month - a nice perk (I've had the hot stone massage which was great).
When my husband started having some numbness in his arms, I suggested a massage.
He reluctantly went, but after a couple of sessions, the numbness subsided.
He now goes regularly, too.
Slovika is the masseuse we see and in addition to being a Master masseuse, she is also a Reiki master if you're into that.
Love, love, love Elements!

I came to Elements Massage as my chiropractor believed I needed some therapeutic massage; I went as a skeptic.
I had some tingling down both arms and needed to get some relief, so I made an appointment and saw Slavica.
All I can say, is WOW!!
She was able to work the layers of knots and trigger points and within one visit was able to relieve tingling down one of my arms; the other arm proved stubborn, and took more visits, but after each visit, I felt more and more relief.
Slavica has a great way about her, she works the necessary areas, moves to other areas, then returns to the first area (so that the muscles don't go into a defensive/protective mode).
I am on a regular schedule, working on other areas of tightness and soreness that crop up, but am feeling great.
Slavica is outstanding and knows her profession; truly a master at what she does...
Thanks, Slavica.
If she is representative of the quality of the therapists hired by this company, it is a true testament to the owners of this business.
Glad to highly recommend this business

I brought my teenage daughter here for a massage.
She is a cheerleader and gets banged up on the regular!
Was pleasantly greeted when we arrived and there was no pressure to buy a membership.
This was only her second massage and the girl that she had was sweet and gentle with her.
She was so happy when she walked out!!!
If I could afford it we would come here every week!
Next up I am going to try it out.
I will keep you updated.
Highly recommend!!

