What can I say: 'Yay!
I'm a fan.
'   Lady Gaga is played by Erika Moul, the very best impersonator I have yet heard play the 'Queen of Pop' (although outside of Tribute Royalty, I have only seen men impersonate her);  I have heard the real Gaga perform twice in concert, respectively (my girlfriend is a fan [/weak excuse]) and overall Moul does an upstanding job of getting the vocals and mannerisms down.
Simply, she is the best of the three in Tribute Royalty.
Travis Allen plays a great playful young Elvis; not as complete as Trent Carlini's interpretation (performing daily 6:30P at LVH) but there is plenty of time for Allen to reach Carlini's level in this regard as he is far younger than the latter.
I would have personally preferred for Edward Moss to have done more of the actual vocals in his impersonation of Michael Jackson.
Dancing was great though.
That needs to be pointed out independently: the dancing is top-notch and quite impressive.
There are several small intros of only dancing because the headlining performers are presumably on the sidestage changing costumes in between some songs.
All around solid 75 minute afternoon show; each impersonator gets about a twenty-five minute set leading to a finale which I will not spoil.
I recommend you go see it.
I would go again, especially if they managed to keep it fresh with setlist rotations.
- E

I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but as a producer of live entertainment, I have to give credit where credit is due.
This show is amazing and everyone needs to go see it!
The impersonators are all legit!
They've clearly studied the original artists rather than replicating some tired old stereotypical performance that we are accustomed to seeing most often.
Great voices and the moves were all on point!
Even the banter with the audience felt like we were experiencing the real artists.
Then the dancers were unreal!
The dancers take the show to another level and add some spice to an already spicy performance!
Then to cap it all off, everyone comes out to take pictures and sign autographs with so much humility and friendliness.
You leave feeling like you've just made some new "old" friends!
A must see!
This show made our entire trip!

Very impressive show, It's hands down the best tribute show I've seen.
This new show is out of this world.
It's fast paced, non-stop, heart pounding action.
I was on my feet.
Top Notch performers and performances.
I can't say enough about this show.
I've seen America Superstars and Legends, and this show beats them all.
5 stars, and worth it.
You won't be disappointed.
Great time for the show as well.

This show features a trio of artists impersonating Elvis, Lady Gaga and, lastly, Michael Jackson while accompanied by a sound track and several dancers.
The Elvis impersonator had a good voice, but did not sound much like the real deal.
Lady Gaga was spot on and MJ was excellent.
Highly recommended.

Tribute Royalty is a fabulous tribute show, so glad we went!
The V Theatre is small, but that only added to our enjoyment of the show.
It allowed us to be closer to the stage and really see the performers up close and personal.
We particularly enjoyed Elvis (Travis Allen) as he looks and sounds the part and has a beautiful voice.
He really WOWed us with "My Way",  All of our friends agreed that the Elvis portion of the show should be longer and he has a great career ahead of him!
Lady Gaga was impressive and very limber, never seen someone play the piano with her feet.
Michael Jackson dancing was really good!
The backup dancers are so talented and add to the show's encitement.
We would definitely go again and recommend you see it!
-Y-

I heard from a friend that I should check out the show while visiting Vegas.
I'm not a big fan of lookalike shows, but this one is incredible!
The Elvis, Lady Gaga, and Michael Jackson impersonators all look AND sound like the real thing.
The stage is not huge, but they made up for it with very talented dancers and cool set and stage pieces.
After the show, we had the opportunity to meet the stars and get out picture taken.
Even though there was a long line of people that wanted to meet them, they stayed and were nice to everyone.
Great show!
I will be sending my friends here :)

Great performers with a lot of heart.
I've seen a lot of Elvis and MJ acts in this town, and these three hit their targets perfectly -- Elvis is very sexy with a few goofy winks and passionate smile.
MJ has wicked high energy and a soft sided love for the audience.
And although I love GaGa, this one's a bit over-fierce, but what a set of pipes!!
(:-O  For an afternoon show, I was pleasantly surprised how excellent it was.
Compared to some others with similar budgets and timeslot, this one def has the best production value, more dancers, and really fun attitude.
I recommend it!
PS: For having sexy dancers, they do a great job of not going toooo sexy, so it's a great choice for families.

This show was awesome.
The costumes were great and the people were very personable.
The only reason why I am ratings four instead if a five is because the Michael Jackson impersonator lip synced a s the other two (Lady Gaga and Elvis) did not.
I'm not sure how much tickets go for because I got mine for free.
I wouldn't pay that much to see it.
It is very short, but nonetheless a good show.

"Legends in Concert" is nothing compared to "Tribute Royalty".
I went to see this show for my birthday weekend in Vegas and what a great trio of performers.
The Elvis impersonator made me feel like Elvis was still alive and swinging his hips.
I have seen several Elvis impersonators in my life and this Elvis was hands down the best I have ever seen.
He not only got the crowd involved, but truly sounded, looked, and moved like the legendary Elvis.
Great job!!!!
The Lady Gaga rocked the house in her outrageous costumes and song that I felt like I was at a Lady Gaga concert.
The Micheal Jackson performer was excellent too.
I was surprised to see the thriller song performed with zombies and all.
The back up dancers with all three performers did an excellent job with each performer.
After the show the entertainers came out to greet the audience for pictures and where all very nice and hospitable.
What a great trio.
This show is one I recommend for everyone to see in the Las Vegas area.
GO SEE THIS SHOW!!!!
You will not be disappointed.

This show was pretty good.
There are 3 impersonators --Elvis, Lady Gaga, and Michael Jackson (in that order) and they each sing 5 or 6 songs during the approx 80 min performance.
I thought the Elvis impersonator was good as a singer but didn't sound like the real deal at all.
It seems he has spent considerable time studying Elvis' moves from the 70s but missed on the Elvis in the 50s/60s.
That's a humble opinion coming from a HUGE Elvis fan.
Lady Gaga was really good --sounds and dances just like the real one.
Michael Jackson was good, too, except that in the performance I saw him in he did NOT appear the actually be singing but rather lip synching the songs.
The dance moves were good though I have seen some better MJ dance impersonators out there.
The back up dancers were amazing, I thought.
The venue is small so it feels cozy and intimate.
I paid about $35/person for the VIP section using a promo code I found online which gave new 50% off.
When I got there to actually pick up the tickets they offered me any other show also for 50% off so this discount seems to be readily available.
They take a picture of your party prior to the show which you can purchase afterwards for $10.
There is also a cocktail waitress that takes drink orders throughout the performance also.
Afterwards there is a meet and greet with each of the performers or all of them where you can buy t-shirts and/or take pictures.
Overall I enjoyed the show and would recommend it to any Elvis, Lady Gaga, or MJ fan!

