My husband and I were on our way to a different restaurant and discovered this new sushi location was open!
Yay!
The staff and the food were both great.
the one little wish that I have for this place is to someday soon offer an All You Can Eat price.
:-)

Finally got to stop in on 1/30 after awaiting their opening.
Nice little place and the Korean options on the menu are a nice change of pace from the usual teriyaki options.
Still had the sushi, but looking forward to going back to try the bulgogi.
Plus this place seems like a quieter option than some of the other sushi places nearby.

Like Cassandra H, My husband and I were also on our way to a different restaurant and discovered that this place was open.
We checked out the menu in the basket by the entrance and were immediately greeted by the waiter before we even opened the door.
We ordered 2 lunch specials of chicken teriayki.
I had tempura veggies and my husband had tempura shrimp with his.
We both had the miso soup.
My husband also ordered a spicy California roll (he's not a big sushi eater).
The California roll was pretty large but it had no flavor at all.
Our lunch portions were large but the chicken breast was not quality at all.
It was spongy and did not taste that great.
The soup was ok and the rice that came on the side was kind of mushy.
Some of their menu prices seemed high.
Overall the food was OK.
I also did not enjoy being sick to my stomach a couple hours after eating here.
My husband and I will continue to travel to Lake Mead and Tenaya area to eat at Yummy Sushi on nights when we feel like eating sushi.
This was a huge disappointment as I had high hopes for this place since it is so close to our house.

Howard is an awesome sushi chef!
His sashimi & sushi is always top quality and very generous portions.
A must try is his hand rolls!!
The spicy scallop & the salmon skin roll are the best!
I can't rate the service because we always get our order to go, but they are always friendly!
I'm so happy he has moved to the Centennial area!

We ordered 2 bento boxes here only to find out that the amount of food they give you is enough for 2 people to split one box!
Our meals came with two huge rolls, 4 pieces of sashimi, tempura vegetables, soup, and hot tea.
GREAT deal for $13!

Finally... Great sushi in the NW.
Its great to have this place with a wonderful variety now available.

Their Big island roll is delicious!!!
I drive 20 minutes out of my way to go get it.

Best Sushi Chef in Las Vegas!
I have been going to Howard for 7 years now and am excited to see him closer to home now.
The other sushi restaurants in the area do not compare!

Yum!!
My husband and I have been here twice and loved each one.
Small place, friendly staff, varied menu.
My husband's new favorite thing is the jalapeño roll.
I really enjoyed the crab and cheese roll.
We also had chicken ramen, cucumber salad (so good!!!
), and the miso soup.
Not a fan of their soup, but everything else was wonderful!

I'm all for  new spots opening up in our neighborhood so I try to make it a point to check them out.
With the name I thought it was going to be Chinese, until I saw the banner said sushi.
I came looking if I can find a decent bento box for lunch.
For $8.95 you choose two cooked items and comes with rice, steamed vegetables plus soup or salad.
White meat chicken or beef items were more.
I got pork katsu which was crisp and fairly decent.
The shrimp tempura was just okay and the sauce was bland (and lacking grated daikon).
I ended up with no steamed veggies but a sweet potato and yam tempura instead which was better than the shrimp.
Salad was just a few pieces of iceburg lettuce with ponzu...meh.
It was alright all in all and there are hot bentos that are better deals.The better deal seems to be the sushi bento ( 4pc nigiri, 2 rolls, veggie tempura, soup or salad) , but I was in the mood for hot dishes.
The lady was nice and really eager asking if I needed anything several times....though she didn't fill up my water.
I guess when she asks, you tell her.
I'll see how their sushi bento fares next time.

Came for the lunch special, service was good, food was great.
I recommend the bulgogi chicken, also got a spicy tuna roll which was good.
Need to come back for dinner and give that a try.

Good but not great.

The sushi here is great!!
You can't beat the price for the amount of sushi.
The staff is friendly and attentive, the fish was fresh, and there was a great variety of rolls on the menu.
I have already recommended this restaurant to some of my family and they love the sushi here as well.
I will be coming back here again for my next sushi craving : )

This place is new to the Centennial area and we were ready for some Friday night sushi and thought we would give it a try.
There were probably 7 or eight tables full with customers.
The décor is a zero.
Looks like they just moved into a four wall spot and just put a sushi bar and some tables in there.
The ceiling looks unfinished as they didn't put a drop down ceiling at all which I think would help the look of the place.
Definitely don't be expecting an ambiance.
We ordered edemame, ebi, spicy California roll and chicken fried rice.
Everything was really good.
The fried rice had slivers of almond in it which was different but really tasty.
I'm not sure if I have ever had almonds in my fried rice but it was a unique touch.
I might just come back for that alone!
The service was an "eh".
An older woman was our server and seemed to be the only one working the tables and she didn't seem all that friendly or maybe she just didn't know English very well.
Minus the ambiance and service, the food was good and we will for sure give it another whirl just for the eats.

My Wife and I decided to try this place a couple weeks ago.
What a big mistake on our part.
This place is terrible.
The older woman who waited on us was very unfriendly and gave me the impression that she did not want to be there waiting on customers.
My wife ordered a chicken entree and I ordered a pork dish.
Both arrived semi warm.
There seemed to be a party going on in the kitchen as the music was loud and not customer oriented.
The waitress, after serving our dinners, stood against the front wall and did not return to our table until we moitioned for a check.
Having eaten Japanese and Korean all over the world I would rate this place as bottom of the bottom.
I don't think this place will last long.

I don't know why it's called Sushi & BBQ when all they have to serve is sushi.
If they do serve any sort of BBQ, I was not brought a menu for such options.
Their drink menu is just some pictures of bottles, no price listings.
I know beer is pretty self explanatory, but for people that don't know too much about sake, like me, it would be nice for a regular menu to see descriptions and what quality it is.
Also when I asked for a bottle, they said that they don't have it.
Why is it on the menu then?
If you don't sell whole bottles, don't have a "picture menu" with whole bottles.
The sushi was decent, I got the Rocky Mt.
Sushi roll.
It was good, but not $16 good.
They put everything on huge plates to make it look like you get big servings but don't fool yourself, it's still just a roll.
The waitress wasn't very attentive.
After sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to summon her over to bring the check.
(I'm the only one in the restaurant) Actually, she never even brought the check, I just handed her money cause I was trying to get out of there as quick as possible.

I was delighted to discover the new location of Narita Sushi bar now with the updated name of Red Ginseng Narita Sushi & BBQ.
I had enjoyed eating at their old Cheyenne & Tenaya location for many years.
Howard & Emo are now in a new location with twice the square feet inside & located in the shopping center just South across the street from Centennial Hospital.
I was not surprised to find that Howard continues his tradition of providing the largest size servings of sushi in Las Vegas with quality product.
Their new location has added an "All You Can Eat" option plus Emo's Korean Barbecue.
Check them out for quality sushi at the best price in town!

While the location isn't ambiance central (its in a strip mall), it has outstanding quality sushi.
I can't speak to anything but the sushi and the rolls, but while I was in the area, I ate here 3 times in 5 days (yes it was THAT good) for the all you can eat sushi.
Portions were quite generous as far as all you can eat goes, and the fish quality and preparation was quite good.
Dishes are nicely presented as well.

This is the worst sushi place ive ever been to in my life.
Taste awful.
service was so slow, one waitress, one sushi chef.
will never ever go back or recommend this place.

We came here tonight around 10pm and there was no one in the restaurant.
I was a bit skeptical but at the urging of my fellow friend, we stayed.
I don't dislike this place but its not my fav either.
The decor and atmosphere, it sucks.
The food was good.
The quality of fish was great.
Huge portions.
We got excellent service but we were the only ones in there (party of 3) so not sure how it would have been otherwise.
We did AYCE and had about 12 rolls between all of us.
The waitress, she was so sweet and even after we all couldn't breathe she was still trying to stuff us with more food.
Lol.
The only thing that stood out to me was the TNT roll and the jalapeño popper thingy jigs the chef surprised us with.
Oh we tried the Japanese Lasagna, which is usually one of my favorites but theirs just tasted...off.
No big deal though.
I may or may not be back.
Just not enough to steer me away from my fav sushi spot.
Big thumbs up for the friendly staff though.

I took my wife and mother in law to lunch here yesterday.
Outstanding quality fish and dishes seems to underestimate our experience.
All three of us did the all-you-can-eat sushi special.
We came at lunch time, but bought the dinner package, so we could get the special appetizers, etc., that are included in that promotion.
The sushi chefs are top notch and trained in Japan, which is why I am frequently puzzled when I visit (this trip was no exception) why aren't there more people dining here when I visit?
The word must not be out yet about this off the beaten path sushi joint.
We traveled 25 minutes just to eat HERE, based on my great experiences in July  We had oyster shooters, poke, sashimi salad, unagi, as well as a large variety of negiri,  The tenderness and freshness of the fish and other items was top notch.
The dressing on the sashimi salad was amazing, it bit back and was quite flavorful, and probably ranked as our favorite item.
BTW, the wakame, the cucumber salad and miso soup were all quite good, as well.
My mother in law raved about the huge green tea mochi's, while I didn't have them, she raved about them.
We will be back again soon.
Again, if you want ambiance and a true fine dining experience, this isn't your thing.
If you want great sushi, and Japanese apps, with top notch ingredients, coupled with fabulous prices, this is the place to hit up!

Not your hoppin sushi bar but the quality is great.
If u want a nice quiet sushi place, this is it.
The service was great

They are not a la carte anymore, but all you can eat, so I decided to try it for lunch.
I started with appetizers -  softshell crab - good batter.
It was served with tempura sauce which I didn't prefer over ponzu so I just ate it plain.
seaweed salad- standard and fine stuffed jalapeno- this was good actually, nice crispness and good flavor monkey brain - this seemed interesting since it said crispy banana with crab and masago.
I was expecting a banana chip, but it was a battered slice of banana.
I did not like this texture.
fire cracker- I normally enjoy this crispy rice with spicy tuna, but what they did here was make a rice ball coat it in panko and fried it up a bit.
It never got crispy and was just oily and mushy inside.
The texture was so off putting I couldn't eat that rice and hid it in a napkin.
They need to toast the rice crisp in a oven to achieve that delicious crisp.
Portions were big on appetizers so its a sharing thing.
Each thing had 4 pcs when I was expecting 2.
Nigiri -  The cuts were actually nicely done, the fish to rice ratio was good.
Unfortunately, the sumeshi was very wet, mushy and was not seasoned.
I would have not served that.
I sat on most items so that the water would evaporate a little.
Garlic tuna, albacore and yellowtail were all very fresh.
The super white tuna was OK. Scallop with masago was good.
I got one roll, it was a no rice roll and unfortunately was served the wrong thing the soy paper version vs the one covered in cucumber and radish.
It was alright, but I know the crispy cukes would have made it better.
I got a salmon skin hand roll and it came with a gob of crab mix!
I was a bit upset at this, I just picked it out and threw it in a napkin.
Who puts crab on salmon skin?!
Service was friendly and nice, but it was inconsistent.
There were times she was no where to be found to ask for more drink so I sat empty a few times.
You order with a paper menu and I found my pen was gone after the first round.
It's a shame.
Their cutting and freshness here is good, but that was some awful rice that day.
I don't ever ever ball up food in a napkin and that happened on this visit.

I ordered the kimchi seafood hot pot and it was the most disgusting dish I have ever tasted.
It was a bowl of frozen and rotten tasting red mess.
There were literally three calamari rings and four tentacles with firm old tofu and rotten tasting kimchi (rotten not fermented).
The bowl was full of what they called fishcakes, but it resembled Styrofoam popcorn packing material and tasted like gooey dough.
The dry white rice was served on a large white plastic plate on the side.
I ate a quarter the dish and had to stop because I started having a stomach ache.
The one star is for the attentive service by the servers.
Definitely not coming back.

Disappointing.
Walked into a virtually empty restaurant, one other table.
Waitress wanted to seat us right next to them, we asked for a corner table but she said those were reserved (not a huge deal but usually reserved tables are noted?
)  Started with a bowl of miso soup.
It tasted like tap water.
Next up: Garlic tuna: fish was oddly chewy, room temperature, not a lot of flavor.
Made me wonder if I'd be getting food poisoning later.
Philadelphia roll: also bland.
So much so that we asked for the rest of our order to go, so that we could simply stop eating without being rude or complaining.
Waitress seemed a bit under the weather.
No one ever came in for that reserved table while we were there.
I definitely won't go back and would not recommend to anyone.

Not toooooo shabby.
But the only upsides i could give were the Shrimp Tempura crunch roll, and the tasty chicken Katsu.
I walked in with my girlfriend around noon to have some AYCE goodness.
21.95 is a bit high, but a few dollars isn't too big of a deal.
But my experience wouldn't bring me back.
There were 2 or 3 other people in the restaurant, and while we were eating, a few groups came in, sat down and left without eating.
I have no idea why.
We started off with miso soup.
My girlfriend was fond of it, as for me it tasted a bit runny and a little on the downside of flavor, but it was the right temperature and it was just ok.
The sushi was fair and like i said, the crunch roll was tasty and had to be the best roll that lunch.
They do not have half orders, I prefer half orders because if there were to be a roll i did not like, there would be a small portion to finish, and also half orders get you to try all of the different kinds of sushi they have to offer.
So this place is better for groups.
Service was definitely fast, the lady who served us was nice and friendly but she seemed rushed in a way that you would see as if you were late to class.
I don't like seeing someone in a hurry or having that panicking look.
Overall just an A-OK Not really much to say about this place.
I may come back with a bigger group or find a different AYCE sushi place.

I always feel bad giving low ratings but I hope it helps Red Ginseng search for ways to improve.
With that said, everything was prepared well, they definitely have experience in that regard, but unfortunately the fish was the least fresh I've ever eaten.
There is either an issue with their supplier or the way they store it.
I hope things improve.

Red Ginseng is very well worth the money you pay for.
The quality is very good and the service is outstanding.
I highly recommend the Golden Philadelphia roll (the typical Philadelphia roll but it gets lightly fried).
Among the other notable dishes I've had include the Popcorn Lobster and Spider Roll.
The salmon roll was also very yummy.
Be sure to save some room for dessert, the green tea moochi is a great finishing touch to the end of the meal.
The presentation is always very appealing and it really makes the food and experience.
The appetizers are good.
I had the vegetable tempura which is freshly fried and had just enough batter- not too much or too little.
The service is outstanding.
It is a very organized ordering system, you get the menu and a ordering sheet.
Order what you want and it comes very quickly.
You can tell that it is a family run establishment by the pride they have serving you.
It can get a little hectic when they do get busy, but it is definitely worth a bit of wait for the food.
I personally like sitting at the bar area of the restaurant because the chef will talk to you and make recommendations based on what you order.
Remember, it is AYCE, so maybe a little time to relax between dishes will work to your favor.
I am originally from Northern New Jersey, right across the river from Manhattan.
I can honestly say that Red Ginseng beats most, if not all, the sushi places I've been too.
The quality and the service you get here beats many places that you might pay double or triple for on or around the Strip and other cities.
I highly recommend a visit here.

Came here for the first time with my boyfriend.
And we FREAKIN LOVED IT!
I think my fav.
Roll was the baked salmon roll.
But everything was so good.

The service is a little different than I'm use to from other sushi bars but once I figured it out I was set.
I ordered everything under the sun.
My husband and I tried things that we've never thought would be good but the owner promised themed be good and they were.
Will be back many more times to comes.

This review is for their ramen, which is the only thing I tried.
I was craving some ramen and still a little hungover from the night before, so I had pretty low standards for food at that point.
I ordered some chicken ramen to go.
The place was pretty dead when I went to go pick it up, but it still took about 30 minutes to make.
The lady that I spoke with was really nice so that's the only reason they get 2 stars.
Anyway I got home and started eating it.
Absolutely horrible.
I tasted the broth first and it was slimy and had an off flavor.
It had the consistency of a canned chicken noodle soup broth.
So I moved on to the noodles hoping I could just make my own broth and at least save the noodles.
Nope.
The noodles were so overcooked that it was basically just mush once it hit my mouth.
I literally just took one bite and threw it away.
It was even worse because I bought two of the ramens for me and my boyfriend and we both ended up throwing them out.
So that was a waste of $20.
Honestly if you want some ramen and they're the only thing nearby you're better off going to Smith's and buying some 30 cent Top Ramen.
Very disappointing.

As an AYCE place, I would say it's decent but as compared to others when considering price, quality, service as a whole I can think of others in the area that rank higher.
That being said, this was my second time here and I had no major complaints.
My daughter thought the lemonade wasn't too good because it literally was a few lemons squeezed in water and was tart....but I kinda liked it.
The stuffed tomato was really good.
I would like to see more cucumber wrapped items however....

If you like Screaming O sauce, don't even bother coming here.
I have been about half dozen times now and doubtful I'll be back.
The quality is in the decent-to-average range.
The service is lacking but decent.
The prices are a bit higher than should be for this establishment but not too far out of the range considering it's location and lack of any other decent sushi close by.
There is a standard selection of sushi.
I have gone here because it's so close to my house, not necessarily because it's my top choice.
Las Vegas seems to be the market for Screaming O sauce.
I've tried to order it every single time I have come in.
The first few times they made something kind of close or I mixed it myself.
Then I think I must have received  a new sushi chef one night because it was perfect!
I tried coming back a few times hoping to get him again and I've haven't seen him since.
I went there tonight, made sure to order my Screaming O sauce before I even put in my order, it was ignored.
Asked for it again.
The new chef was stopped by the lady in charge and was told to tell me I couldn't have it without ordering a whole order.
Fine, I said I would pay for a side of it.
Answer was no, had to order all of it... Couldn't just get the sauce.
Whatever, asked for the key ingredients and mixed it myself.
Not the same or nearly as good as real Screaming O sauce.

This place is great.
We have gone there a couple times the service is not the fastest but worth the money .
Try the lobster roll   The place  doesn't have great atmosphere but the sushi is good

I'm rating based on the service.
When we walked in we didn't know what to do.
No one was in the front & we didn't know if we were supposed to seat ourselves.
There were a lot of paper menus in the front & when we got seated & menus weren't given to us, we were confused if we were supposed to take them with us from the front.
Our waitress ended up getting us menus after taking care of another table.
She didn't ask if we wanted drinks for quite some time.
I ended up getting the lunch special & my boyfriend got the AYCE.
At first I didn't realize that there were no utensils at our table & I had to wait literally 10 minutes to ask for chopsticks.
It took another 7-10 minutes to get the ginger/wasabi AFTER we got our sushi.
The sushi was okay.
My boyfriend enjoyed a lot of the rolls.
It was only us and 2 other families so I really don't understand where our waitress was going.
She'd disappear a couple of times.
Tables next to us were putting their empty plates on top of tables next to them because no plates were being picked up.
Ok sushi but probably not coming back.

One star cause.i had to choose it.
First time here and No stars for this place.
Service was slow, food was not great at all.
Miso soup was bland, shrimp tempura tastes like it was frozen and then fried, and very oily.
we ordered 4 different kind of sushi and they all had sarachi sauce top....gross!
Server kept getting plates mixed up at tables.
Will never come back here.
Lastly, they served water with lemon already in it.
Lemons can contaminate the water why would they put it In before serving.

Amazing sushi great service amazing tempura rolls such a variety delicious mushi ice cream and open late which is great for nights out with friend highly recommend!!!!

This place is great, my gf was having surgery at centennial hospital and this was across from it.
Went in and service was friendly with reasonable prices, its a shame I dont live near it.
Food was delicious sushi was great and fast!

Were to begin... No one welcome us in, we had to sit ourselves.
I ordered the dinner combination chicken bulgogi and shrimp tempera.
Their was no taste at all... Should've went to panda next door and  prices is way too high.

Showed up an hour before they closed for AYCE and was told its "take out only.
"  That's bullcrap.
I guess they didn't want anyone to dirty the dishes, that they are too lazy to clean.
They should be more clear on when the dinning room closes.
Never tried to go back.
Found a better place closer to my house.
Customer service is crap.

Great sushi !!
My husband and I just ate here for the first time and we got the AYCE .
What a great price for great food!!
They have a great varity of  rolls and the customer service was awesome!
The sushi chief even came out to our table to ask how we liked everything .
The Japanese Lasagna  was the best we have ever had!!
Impressed!!!!

Great little sushi place.
I was there around 3:30 and they let me order off of the lunch menu.
For $12.95 you get a salad, miso soup, 4 pieces of sashimi, and your choice of two rolls.
Excellent value and very fresh.
I will definitely be back again!

The sushi is really good, but it's kinda pricy.
The customer service is kinda weird too.
Overall it's a decent place to go though.

We are always down to try a new sushi place.
We dropped in here on a weekday for a late lunch.
We were one of 2 tables in the place.
From the beginning, it was a lackluster experience.
Table for four, including 2 kids.
We were seated and not given any menus for over 5 minutes.
Any mother knows with little ones, service must be efficient as kids do not tolerate long waiting times.
The waitress dropped off the menus and ran off.
She came back and wanted our food order.
When we told her we were still thinking, she immediately ran off without even giving me a breath to tell her our drink order.
She brought our drinks but forgot one.
We gave her our food order and sat.
We ordered a veggie tempura appetizer.
That came to the table.
It was a big platter of tempura but accompanied by the most tasteless dipping sauce.
Plus, they only serve it with the tiniest amount considering the dish it was paired with.
I also ordered a cucumber salad but never received it so I cannot comment on what it tasted like.
Next we ordered 2 chicken ramen noodles for the entrees.
Those arrived and were huge.
The broth had no flavor and the chicken was cold.
It had clearly just been sliced up and thrown in.
It too had no flavor.
I thought it would be grilled or marinated or something.
Definitely not worth the $9 price, even Top Ramen tastes better.
My kids had a veggie noodle dish.
I give her credit for getting that out to us quickly, but she did not give them any utensils.
Bottom line, horrible service with nothing to excuse it e.g being busy or understaffed.
And blah food.
Next time we will stick with our usual sushi joint down the road.

A great sushi alternative to crazy sushi right down the street.
Smaller place.
Great sushi and service.
Never that busy so that wait is always short!
Reasonable prices.
All you can eat is 21$ lunch 26$ dinner.

This is the best place I know for california-type Sushi.
Reasoably priced as well.
The Dinner All you can eat is around $27.
For Sushi and other high quality japanese items I think that is very reasobale.
The store has a kind of dark feeling to it and the waitress is "asia friendly" if you know what I mean.
But hey: the food is awesome!
And that is what counts first and foremost.

Sushi is so-so, a bit pricey for so-so sushi.
But worst of all this place smells like a dirty dish rag that has been sitting out in the baking sun.
The smell is very off putting and ruined our experience.
Also the service was so-so.

