I doubt that I can ever give a police department any less than 5 stars, unless if I ever become a resident.
Lets not forget what most law enforcement individuals do on a daily basis.
The field officers are out there are at potential risk everyday to never make it home to do what?...keep us safe.
I know most of the action is handled by Metro of Las Vegas, but lets not forget that Henderson PD is also out there protecting and serving.
I work with law enforcement every once in awhile and rarely get to work with the Henderson side.
That's a good thing since that means no one is going to jail.
But whenever I get the opportunity, I always get quick and professional responses from them.
If you ever go to the actual department, the report filing is on the right side and finger printing is to the left.
This is one of the quieter departments so don't be shocked if you see no one in line.
There's a lot of other things I love about Henderson's PD compared to Metro, but at this time will just keep that on the hush.
Bottom line, they do their job out here.
PS: If you're here, tell the finger printing lady that Mel C. says "Hello".

Very upset with the police force, they pulled me over without probable cause i got arrested had to go to court charges dropped but still had to deal with bailbonds and the fact that i spent 10 hours in jail on some bs makes me very mad.
i would not recommend using there services.

Henderson police department sucks!
Went there 2 weeks ago to report a lost drivers license and the fat police officer who was on duty that day told me they dont do police reports for a lost license.
I needed that as my embassy needs to file the report and yet they refused to give me a report.
Also when I was gonna make a grievance claim against one of their officers who told me to drive without a license, he was adamant and didnt want to give me the form.
Dont waste your time complaining with them!

http://www.courthousenews.com/2013/07/03/59061.htm

http://hotair.com/greenroom/archives/2013/07/06/shelton-on-the-3rd-amendment-and-modern-police/  to our chief: sorry, Pat, i know this was under Chambers, but we're getting the publicity now.
as always,  yr friend, //s// mark strussenberg

