First time at FastMed yesterday and it was a great experience.
Very quick to be seen, clean facilities, and all the staff was great.
Total time in the urgent care was under an hour which is awesome.

Fast, courteous, and accurate.
Wifi hotspot available here.

Great experience.
Fast, friendly and caring.

Good stuff: If you check in online you can get in very quickly   Bad stuff: WARNING I took my 3 year old daughter here for a strange, raspy cough, she had for a week.
I have 5 children, and usually can tell when something needs to be treated.
The diagnosis was allergies and I was told to use a humidifier.
No strep test, the attending nurse was not able to answer questions, and could not understand observations.
2 days later my daughter was diagnosed with strep.
Facility has high employee turnover (every 3 months all new people, this is the second time this year).
Do not bring your children here.
Fast but deadly.

My doctor had just retired and I had little choice but to visit a "doc in a box" for an infected toe and this was close to work.
There wasn't even a doctor on the premises in the middle of the afternoon on a week day.
I was seen by a physician's assistance who barely even looked at my toe, gave me an antibiotic prescription, and sent me on my way.
My toe got much worse and I ended up seeing a specialist for fungus that was now invading my tissue.
Terrible medical service and I will NEVER go to another FastMed.
I wish me and my insurance company had our $295 back - yes, almost $300 for the non-doc's glancing look.
Good luck if you visit here - you're going to need it.

Used the website to "check-in" online, hoping this would speed along the visit.
I arrived for my 1:00 pm appointment, and was not even taken back to be seen until 2:20pm.
When I arrived, I was the only one in the waiting room when I arrived, so I don't know why it takes that long.
Plus, when you are sitting in an empty waiting room and feeling crappy, it feels even longer.
When I was finally seen at 2:45pm, the MD or NP that saw me (I don't remember which it was) spent all of 7 minutes with me!
If that's all it takes, then I'm really confused.
Why the hold up?
What I thought would be a quick visit during my lunch break, turned into a two hour waste of my time.
They really need to work on being more efficient over there.
Everyone was friendly, but they are EXTREMELY slow.
I will not be going back, and would never recommend "Fast"Med to anyone.
There was nothing "fast" about it.
Well, except for the amount of time spent with the doctor.
Very disappointing.

Very nice, new and clean facility.
Multiple flat screen tvs and WiFi access help while waiting.
Came in late on a Tuesday and received prompt service.
Definitely recommend

