Cinda was referred to me by a friend.
I have been casting for years, but recently took on the challenge of trying to throw a big fly with a big rod, into big wind while Tarpon fishing in the Florida Keys.
In a few lessons, she quickly identify the bad habits I had developed over the years and gave me a exercises to break them.
The difference is AMAZING.
No matter how many videos you watch, no matter how many books you read, there is nothing that replaces live instruction from a real expert.
No matter what you skill set is, advanced or beginner, go see her.
You'll will be a better caster for it!

In the last 10 months I have taken two trips with Cinda - one with my FIL and one with my wife.
The first trip, with my Father-in-law, we were on a technical stream with skinny water and Cinda led us right to fish.
Cinda recommended the right flies, retrieved flies from my trophy tree branch catches and tied on flies when I would crack my fly line like a whip and send the fly into the aspens.
She provided lunch, laughter, education and insight.
The second trip was a two day trip and was better than the first outing.
Cinda worked closely with my wife on fly selection and casting on day one and on day two went to great lengths to explore many parts of the river with me.
She worked with me on technique and despite the cold (ice in my guides) she was happy to endure my clumsiness.
Cinda has the patience of Job and great skills, is personable and easy to talk to.
I have worked with several guides in AZ, AK and UT and I can tell you that Cinda is the most professional, most knowledgeable fly fishing guide in AZ.

My husband has always wanted to fly fish and in no time at all he was good at it.
I figured I needed to play catch up w him so scheduled some guide time w Cinda.
She is completely patient and I am a better technical fisherman because of her skills and education.
If she can teach me, she can probably teach anyone.
My husband also has benefitted from her education!!
Thanks!!

