I just completed my 4th class at polecats and I am hooked.
Every class I take I am amazed by the things I can accomplish and strength I never knew I had.
The trainers are amazing.
Extremely helpful and encouraging!
I am always looking for ways to make my workout fun and never boring.
Polecats has a little bit of everything to keep my workouts new and challenging.
I have taken the aerial silks, the pole and the dancers workout thus far and I am looking forward to all the other classes they have to offer!
Did I mention how much I LOVE Polecats?

I love PoleCats!
They offer so many fun aerial fitness classes like Pole, Aerial Silks, Hoop/Lyra...and more.
Ive always done weights in the gym, but playing on silks has changed my body..from my curves to strength and flexibility!
I also tried hoop/lyra & am loving the challenge.
At PoleCats I get to "play" while I workout!
Thanks to Karley & Benji for opening such a fun & inviting space to learn, workout and play again!

I love going to Polecats for their intimate class sizes and skilled instructors.
Silks is my new obsession thanks to this studio!

I've quite recently started taking classes here at Polecats.
I have to say that this is by far the most fun that I have ever had working out.
Ok, so I have spent the past 3 years quite ill. Long story short, I was very inactive during this time.
I gained 30 pounds and I lost a lot of my body strength.
I have finally been given the ok by my Dr. to get back into exercising.
I chose to try something that I felt would be both fun and physically challenging.
That led me here to Polecats.
(I felt like the back story is necessary to understand my fitness level)  I felt very intimidated and overwhelmed before my first class.
I nearly didn't go because I was so worried that I wouldn't be able to handle it or that I would look absolutely stupid.
I must tell you that though my first class was challenging, I had an amazing time.
The instructor was very helpful and encouraging.
She helped me to start at a place that was right for my fitness level.
She has been very encouraging and though I may not be up to speed with the rest of my class, I did not feel left out or discouraged.
All of the other instructors that I have had were equally as nice to work with.
I just wanted to share this because I know that for some women going to a new gym or starting a fitness class can be overwhelming.
If that is something that you are dealing with then I think that this is absolutely the studio that you should try.
I already feel more confident and I actually look forward to class.

I loved using this deal.
I was able to go to an aerial class and try it before deciding what I wanted to do with the rest of the deal in regards to purchasing a membership or just taking a few classes.
The environment was clean and open.
Staff incredibly knowledgeable helpful and friendly.
I loved the small class size (4-5) because of the individual attention I received and flexible teaching strategies for each students level.
It was awesome to learn something new and such an accomplishment when I was able to climb to the top of the silk(:  I bought a 10-class membership and plan on continuing learning silk but also going to other classes such as Pilates Zumba and Pole to learn other fun and different by activities (:

Went here for a few months but wasn't really impressed.
The pole classes are pretty slow paced.
Came in for individual class and didn't have much fun, the instructor just didn't seem into it.
I've been to other pole studios that teach you a few moves while incorporating it into a dance routine which I find more fun.
Booty boot camp is the best of the classes I took and was well structured and if you put in the effort you will see results.
Combines the use of body weight, tension bands, kettle bells etc.
I enjoyed the stretching class which is literally that, just stretching but I only went if I was sore from a previous day.
Silks workout was interesting and different but didn't get as much results as with Booty boot camp.
Overall the studio is clean, and the staff is nice so it's worth a try.

I only took a class here to try it out since my yoga teacher recommended it.
I wanted something a little different than then traditional yoga setting, so I tried the aerial hammock yoga class.
It was very different indeed.
The studio was very clean, they provide yoga mats but you could also bring your own, which I did.
There were only three of us for the class and that was my yoga teacher and the instructor.
Alas, my husband made me choose between this studio and my gym membership considering that I already had another yoga membership.
Either way, the drop in fees are reasonable and the instructor was very helpful in getting me positioned correctly.
If you're looking for something totally different, I'd give them a try.
Class sizes are small and it's fun learning new things.

