VERY unprofessional!!
DO NOT MOVE HERE.
My husband and I were being moved by my company to Las Vegas on short notice.
When we contacted The Edge and explained our situation we were assured that our apartment would be there waiting for us.
We sent in our applications and received confirmations on several occasions before heading out.
They even had my company contact them with both paperwork and on the phone.
Fees were paid.
When we arrived with our UHaul to the complex, what do you know...... NO paperwork on file for us.
At all.
Who had we been dealing with??
Obviously not anyone who should be running an apartment!
I was left with having to explain to my company, who they had had dealings with, that The Edge not only lost our paperwork but that we no longer had a place to live.
The kicker was that they waited to call me at work to tell me that we couldn't live there.
CRAP.

I have been living here since April and I completely love it.
Being the poor college student that I am, I researched the local apartments and by far the The Edge is the best in pricing esp.
with their first 2 months free deal.
I currently live in between the two pools and it is wonderful.
I use the pools, gym, and grill quite frequently.
I still have to try the yoga and kettle bell classes.
I actually had some maintenance issues and they came the very same day to fix the problem.
When you walk-in ask for Jed, Mariah, or Sarah.
They are extremely nice and can workout a apartment arrangement.
Also, be sure to say Twee Le sent you =D

DO NOT MOVE HERE.
This place is terrible.
They are all show and no substance.
The place looks great until you start to see some of the details, like paint all over the floors, or the outdated tv that comes installed.
I have already had to make maintenance requests 2x on my fan, on my sink, and for a poorly installed towel bar that has broken 3 times...
This month.
The main problem here is the office employees will lie as much as possible to get you in, and them will lie to you even as a tenant.
I was told by one of the office employees that there were no 2nd floor apartments, so I moved into the only unit that was available.I then found out from an assistant manager there had been a second story unit available the whole time.
This is a huge lie that was used to get me into a unit that I wasn't 100% on.
Since I have been here I have had only 1 night of uninterrupted sleep, as when my upstairs neighbors walk my conditioning ducts shake.
Like I said earlier there is also paint on the floor, and the cabinets have dents in them.
I brought this to the attention of the leasing office, and they basically told me there was nothing they could do.
So they would move to another unit.
Then I was told THAT I WAS GOING TO BE CHARGED!
They were in breach of contract from the lease as I couldn't sleep in my own apartment, and they were going to charge me because they couldn't maintain a quiet environment.
So I eventually accepted the charge after fighting with the company for a while, but they gave the apartment away.
Long and the short of it, I would not move here.
The rent is way to high for the unprofessional conduct of this company.
You can find someplace less expensive that will take better care of you.

I wish that I could do half a star or no star... My lease is almost up and my husband and I cannot wait!!
We pay $1055 for a small one bedroom.
We thought paying that much we would have a great apartment, great service.
Well we were very wrong.
These apartments were "brand new" when we moved in, the carpets here are horrible, they killed 2 of my vacuums!
The dishwasher sucks, the sink handles come off in your hand and that's AFTER the maintenance guy comes.
The bug problem is horrible, I constantly have crickets in my apartment.
The front office people were really nice when we moved in, but somewhere along the line different people came in and they are RUDE!!
And the people living here are even worse.
They speed through the complex, and they very rarely look at the road too busy texting!!!
To say the least we cannot wait to move!!!!
BEWARE!

The Edge Apartments at Traverse Point 1131 Wigwam Pkwy.
Henderson NV 89074  (877) 261-5677 http://theedgehenderson.com/  IF I COULD POST THIS WITH ZERO STARS I WOULD.
Let me start from the two months free advertisement, the look and lease hook ($230 ).
Oh and each apartment comes with a 46" flat screen television which is great for the tiny living room.
We put a deposit on a two bedroom apartment first floor and when we were ready to move in the apartment was no longer available.
The staff member Mariah stated "oh since you mentioned a upstairs apartment I thought (don't think) you were  not interested so I gave it away.
Never checking with us.
The other reviews stating "DO NOT MOVE HERE" are correct.
The Edge apartments are small for the price, there is barely any grass for the dogs which you pay rent for each and the staff should not be working at McDonalds let alone handling your day to day living conditions.
When you first look at an apartment it looks nice.
We went back a month before moving in to do measurements and started to find all kinds of problems (ex.
cabinet kitchen doors on backwards, tilting refrigerator and when you measure the  rooms assuming furniture is inside you may have to climb over your rent paying dog to get to the other side of the room.
Fortunately getting screwed by these incompetents  led us to renting a beautiful house 5 times bigger and without deception.
Conclusion: If you are a person or family who like to be lied to and deceived then you have found your forever home.
I am so disgusted with this operation which can cause derailment in people's lives that there should not be a language barrier.
Below is the review translated in Spanish.
The Edge Apartments en Traverse Point 1131 Wigwam Pkwy.
Henderson NV 89074  (877) 261-5677 http://theedgehenderson.com/  SI PODRÍA PONER ESTA CON CERO ESTRELLAS lo haría.
Permítanme empezar desde los dos meses anuncio libre , la mirada y el gancho de arrendamiento ($ 230).
Ah, y cada apartamento cuenta con una "televisión de pantalla plana de 46 que es ideal para la pequeña sala de estar.
Ponemos un depósito en un primer piso apartamento de dos dormitorios y cuando estábamos listos para moverse en el apartamento ya no estaba disponible.
El miembro del personal Mariah declaró: " oh ya que ha mencionado un departamento del segundo piso pensé (no creo ) que no te interesaba , así que decidí distancia.
Nunca revisar con nosotros .
Los otros comentarios diciendo " NO MUEVA AQUÍ " son correctas.
El apartamentos Edge son pequeñas para el precio, apenas hay pasto para los perros que pagar el alquiler de cada uno y el personal no debería estar trabajando en McDonalds y mucho menos el manejo de su día a día las condiciones de vida .
al primer vistazo a un apartamento que parece agradable.
volvimos un mes antes de trasladarse para realizar mediciones y empezamos a encontrar todo tipo de problemas (puertas de cocina gabinete ex.
al revés , la inclinación del refrigerador y cuando usted mide las habitaciones asumiendo muebles está dentro de usted puede tener que pasar por encima de su renta pagando perro a llegar al otro lado de la habitación .
Afortunadamente se divierte con estos incompetentes nos llevó a alquilar una casa hermosa 5 veces más grande y sin engaño.
Conclusión : Si usted es una persona o familia que le gusta que le mientan y engañado a continuación, que ha encontrado su casa para siempre .

My lease is up and my husband and I are so happy!!
We paid $1055 for a small one bedroom.
We thought paying that much we would have a great apartment, great service.
Well we were very wrong.
These apartments were "brand new" when we moved in, the carpets here are horrible, they killed 2 of my vacuums!
The dishwasher sucks, the sink handles come off in your hand and that's AFTER the maintenance guy comes.
The bug problem is horrible, I constantly have crickets in my apartment.
The front office people were really nice when we moved in, but somewhere along the line different people came in and they are RUDE!!
We are doing the last part of the move out, the walk through and the people did not bother to show up on time.
Needless so say that if I could put zero stars I would.
My advise to anyone looking for an apartment.
Look elsewhere!!

I moved in with my boyfriend two months ago, and so far I have few complaints.
The grounds are well kept, the decor is modern and inviting, and little details in the apartment (paneled doors, stainless steel appliances, dark cabinets, laminate wood flooring, walk in closets) are aesthetically pleasing.
That being said, the construction of the apartments are a little lacking.
We live in a 2b/2b upstairs unit.
I like the design of the stairs being interior, however it's not the most efficient design.
My boyfriend had to return a couch he'd originally purchased because it could not fit in the small space where the front door and stairs meet.
Also, the walls are paper thin.
I can constantly hear my neighbors every Friday and Saturday night when they throw their weekly get togethers.
I can also hear my other neighbors moving around their unit when I'm using the bathroom.
I can only hope they don't hear me when I'm doing my business in there!
As far as the grounds go, they are well maintained, and for what resources they have, they do a good job with the upkeep.
I understand this complex is fairly new, so there is not a lot of vegetation.
In the future it would be nice to see a little more grass, trees, bushes, etc as the complex matures.
I have had very little interaction with the staff, so I cannot really comment in that regard.
However, the few times I have gone into the office for a question, they have been pleasant and professional.
Likewise, the maintenance staff is always friendly and cheerful when passing by.
Trash areas are well contained, and there are more than enough near our unit that I'm not walking too far to take out my garbage.
I do wish there was a little more uncovered parking near our unit as we only have one covered parking spot.
The amenities look fabulous.
So far I have only used the fire pits, but the pool/BBQ areas look modern, clean, and inviting.
Also, there are several dog stands with bags and trash cans for those who have pets.
The complex also makes an effort to stay green, which is something you don't see much of in Vegas.
They have a hybrid car charger near the front of the complex, and there is a recycling bin set up for those of us that what to help reduce our carbon footprint.
The management also makes an effort to engage the community in special events, much more so than any other apartment complex I've ever lived in.
I have not attended any of these events, but the fact that management makes an effort to make these apartments more community based is encouraging.
Speaking of the community, there seems to be quite an eclectic mix of people living here.
I've seen people who work in the service industry (as I do myself), college students, people who look like extras off the set of Breaking Bad, business professionals, and everything else in between.
I guess as long as your neighbor isn't Jesse Pinkman you should be okay.
Overall, I enjoy living here.
I love the location as it is very convenient to the 215/95.
It feels quiet and tucked away, yet I'm 30 seconds to the freeway.
If you can deal with hearing your neighbors occasionally I would definitely recommend The Edge.

The Edge apartments are fantasitc.
They have a great staff that has always been their to help me out with any of my questions.
They have some great amenities like their kettle bell class and other great fitness classes.
The grounds are very well kept.
The location is better then any location i have had in Henderson.
I really enjoy living here and would really recomend living here.

The Edge Apartments are not what I expected for luxury especially for the expensive rent you pay.
It's not cheap to live here.
I pay roughly $1200 for  2 bedroom 2 bath.
So let me point out a few key areas of concern.
The WALLS ARE THIN AS DENTAL FLOSS.
I can hear my neighbor snoring when he sleeps and its so loud its like he is sleeping next to me.
You can hear your neighbors slam the door downstairs.
WATER TANK EYESORE when you drive up to The Edge.
They are building new apartments next door so their is now a giant tank you have to look at when you drive up.
POOP AND CIGARETTE BUTTS EVERYWHERE.
There are so many dogs here so do not move here if you don't love animals.
People do not curb their dogs at all.
It is a huge problem.
There are doggy bags everywhere but people are 2 lazy to use them.
Then there are dogs here over 100 pounds that are deemed service dogs but they have horrible behavior.
People smoke and drop their cigarette butts everywhere.
No respect at all.
The dog park is disgusting.
I don't allow my dog in there at all because of all the poop.
THE APARTMENTS are brand new come with a 46 inch flatcreen TV but if your living room is small it doesn't make sense.
All the appliances are stainless steel.
Paneled doors.
dark cabinents, nice washer and dryer room, the walk in closets are roomy.The wall color is very warm and inviting.
Its like a dark eggshell.
The CARPETS ARE CHEAP AND HORRIBLE.
I went through 2 vacuums already.
THE FAUCETS ARE CHEAP.
The kitchen faucet is so small that you it is so hard to wash your pots and pans.
It doesn't even come with a sprayer.They should have provided a gooseneck faucet.
THE POOLS are resort style and remind you of the W Hotel.
However, people love to swim at 3AM and have pool parties.
The sound in the pool area travels and echos even when you speak in most moderate tones.
People hang out here all day and tear the place up.
How do you destroy the place where you live!
THE PEOPLE that live here come from all walks of life.
Although I have met some really nice people, there are a few that are questionable.
The staff here will listen to you.
I deal with Mariah mostly and she gives me the best service.
Jenn is also helpful as well.
The maintenance staff is friendly and they do work hard at cleaning the place up.
The pool area is a disaster in the mornings and she cleans it up and tirelessly scrubs the grills.
All in all, it could be a beautiful relaxing place to live, however people can ruin it for you.
And the thin walls.

After now living here for nearly 6 months, my opinion of this place has actually gotten worse.
When it got cold, all the incredibly cheap heating units started going on.
The units would make a noise that, without exaggeration, sounded like a model T engine.
And with the paper thin walls, you could see how this would be a problem.
I had to complain for 2 months, being told there was no problem.
I even had the manager of the complex and the maintenance manager come out and at first they  refused to do anything.
In that same meeting the maintenance manager even verified that he knew there was an issue with several of the units to myself and the manager, (who's name is Jed).
Jed still would not do anything.
I had to contact a lawyer, who informed me the complex had effectively broken their contract by admitting there was a problem and not fixing it.
Once I informed Jed of this, that problem got fixed pretty fast.
This place is not only poorly constructed, but it is also poorly designed.
If you live on the first floor then you upstairs neighbor's front door is next to your bedroom window, so if they slam the door your whole bedroom wall and windows shake.
My neighbors have been doing this since I moved in.
Again I brought this to the attention of Jed (the "manager") who told me there was nothing he could do, and that it was probably just changes in the weather that were causing the door to slam.
One more note on the poor construction: The windows are terrible, when it gets windy the wind will blow through the space between them and make the blinds blow around INSIDE THE APARTMENT.
I had to put tape on the window to stop this.
So, all I can say is if you enjoy crappy construction, rude neighbors, cheap appliances, and what has to be the most impotent and deceitful office staff, then this is a great place to live.
However, if you are a normal person who wants a nice place to live; DO NOT MOVE HERE.

I can't wait for our lease to be up!
This is truly lipstick on a pig type place!
As most have mentioned, the walls are paper thin, and unfortunately, our bedroom was right next to a family who feels that their children should never have a proper bedtime.
At all hours of the night, they are chasing their kinds around screaming, hitting the walls, etc.
my husband went over there and tried to explain our work schedules and if they could keep it down, the father more or less told him to F-off.
The neighbors on the other wall party and blast techno all the time, which again, none of this would matter if the walls weren't so thin.
Every time the upstairs neighbor goes on the patio it sounds like a train track door is being thrown open.
We have had stuff stolen off our patio more than once.
People are so lazy and don't clean up after their damn dogs, luckily the grounds staff does keep up, so grounds are nice.
The office staff is very pleasant, but is very plastic and doesn't address any problems.
Our flat screen that came with the apartment is broken, still hasn't been fixed after 8 months.
Needless to say the apartments look wonderful, but when u move in, for the price, you will be disappointed.
One morning around 4am some crack heads were screaming in the middle of the complex about speed and the woman was screaming about  him hitting her, and these were tenants that they rented to.
All walks of life here apparently.
Counting down the months to move.
CAN'T WAIT!!!!

5 reasons not to move here:  1.
Expect a rental increase as soon as your lease is up 2.
Units in the back face the freeway which means if you leave a window open it sounds like your in a nascar stadium.
And turning on the AC unit is just as loud.
Jed, the manager, gets away with not helping people by saying "I will call you back" and never doing so.
I moved out, leaving the apartment in perfect condition.
Never even wore shoes on the carpet.
They still made up a fake excuse to deduct my security deposit.
Insect problem

These apartments look nice I have been living here since april and its been one thing after another ,these were built cheap and quick ....where shall I start my ac was installed backwards,my fake wood floors kept rasing up,my freezer was"t sealing properly,my sinks handle broke off,my master sink was leaking, some blinds were cracked when i told them about it what did he do bring more cracked blinds while i was gone ,my door was not sealed right it took them 3mos to fix my door ,the floor by the front door was not done right i could see the concreat from underneath, since im tired of typing the list goes on and on.

