They were amazing.
Jeremy was so helpful and available 24/7 for advice on anything in Vegas.
It made party planning easy and stress free.
Would 100% book with them again.

Las Vegas is all about making the most of your time.
Jeremy of Vegas Party VIP helps you to make the most of your time by providing access that is not available to everyone.
After searching online, I found Vegas Party VIP.
Expecting to have to signup for membership, I texted Jeremy.
He texted me right back.
I wanted to get into Haze Nightclub which is at the Aria Hotel on a Thursday.
Nelly was hosting the night and the demand for access was going to be very high.
I was nervous because I was meeting some other people there and it was just me and my friend, another dude, in my group.
Unless you are an entertainer, professional athlete, or a high roller, you usually have to stand in line if you are a dude.
A few texts to Jeremy and I was hooked up.
Skipped the line thanks to Jeremy's connection and had an awesome time at one of the best clubs in Vegas.
Even saw Michael Jordan, Michael Phelps, and some NFL players.
Never even had to meet Jeremy in person.
This was all through texts and conversations.
He even followed up to make sure I was having fun.
My only regret was not asking for his help the following night because a fun time would have been stellar if I asked for his expertise again.
Also, the time and service that Jeremy provided for me?
The grand cost to me was $0.
Incredible.
Next time I go to Vegas I am calling Jeremy again and anyone out there who wants to maximize their time having fun in Vegas, please give Jeremy a call.
He makes everyone feel like a Vegas Party VIP!

By far the best option for anyone looking to book tables or anything related to partying in Vegas.
Once I got in contact with Jeremy I was able to hit him up with any little question I had about my weekend.
Must have texted him like fifty times with questions and he never once made it feel like it was an inconvenience for him.
O and you have last minute changes to your plans?
No problem at all.
Jeremy is there to make any changes necessary.
We had 12 guys getting a table at XS on Saturday during the first round of the NCAA tournament (easily one of the busiest weekends in Vegas.
We probably waited 5 minutes to get in and Jeremy hooked it up with a sweet table just off the dance floor compared to a lame table outside for no extra price.
Dude is there for you 24/7 during and leading up to your trip.
Booked with him twice now and gonna keep booking with him every time I go to Vegas.
Hit up Jeremy you won't regret it.

If I could give more than 5 stars I would!
Jeremy was awesome and made our Las Vegas trip the most memorable ever.
We had a group of 7 people and of course we all had different opinions on what to do and when and how much to spend.
I emailed a few other companies along with this one and out of all of them Jeremy was the most helpful, was constantly emailing back when I emailed him or text him, didn't seem to mind when I asked a million times to requote and had the best price.
He delivered exactly what he said he would, was on time even when we were late, and was very patient :).
I can't thank him enough for helping us have the best Las Vegas trip ever.
We will definitely use his services from now on.
I used a different company before and I am glad they never returned my call which forced me to look elsewhere and find Jeremy.
Thank you!

I was a bit hesitant at first to try a Vegas host for the first time, but when it came down to it, Jeremy pulled through.
He was great at communicating back different options and very patient.
My party was a bachelors party with 18 guys.
He hooked it up with patio seats and a good amount of alcohol.
When I come back to Vegas, I'm definitely using him.

I  was in Vegas last weekend for a bachelorette party.
Jeremy was amazing!
I found him on line and submitted my request via http://vegaspartyvip.com.
He responded via text within a few mins.
It was 100% stress free.
All we did was check in on time @ marquee.
He had excellent communication.
If you are in Vegas, Jeremy is definitely your guy!

Took my son to Vegas for his 21st birthday.
Jeremy made the weekend a hit with my son and his friends.
The club crawl was a lot of fun and Jeremy got the kids into Tao and Hakkasan with VIP entry.
No lines on two busy summer nights.
Jeremy was always available through text and responded to every text and made my every request happen.
Thank you Jeremy for helping me give my son a terrific 21st!!!!
Highly recommend this company.

I recently planned a bachelor party for my friend out in Vegas and we decided to use a VIP Host.
There was 8 of us total that went.
After looking at reviews on Yelp it was between Vegas Party VIP and and another company.
After receiving an initial plan for Jeremy I decided at first to use the other VIP Host because they made me commit to $100 deposit before I was even able to receive information.
Once I received information from the other host I decided to call Jeremy to discuss things.
It was clear who we had to use.
Jeremy included all the costs up front including tips, gratuity, etc.
The other costs seemed cheaper but what you don't realize is you will have to drop our own credit cards at the club or venue and also pay any taxes and gratuity.
The other company seemed to also push the lesser clubs because they got deals and right off the bat Jeremy told us how it was and layed out everything up front.
He's more concerned about his clients having a good time and he definitely pulled through for us.
He didn't pressure me it all and just let me make the decision which definitely turned out to be the right one.
As for the weekend Friday night we went to XS which is the toughest club to get into and we walked in like we owned the place.
As 8 guys it definitely feels good to walk past about 300 girls waiting patiently in line as we zoom right through the table reservation line.
Jeremy walked us right in.
Saturday we decided on going with a pool club and since we were staying at the palazzo we decided on Tao Beach.
Jeremy mentioned he knew the manager and could get us a pretty good deal.
For a 2k minimum he was able to get us the best cabana in the place.
Keep in mind Tao Beach only has 8 cabanas so were definitely the big fish in the small pond.
Tao Beach was amazing and was definitely our favorite part of the weekend.
Saturday night Jeremy got us hooked up again at Hakkasan.
Originally he was going to get us bottle service at one of the front 4 Pavilion tables but as we were on the way to the club in a huge limo truck he texts me he was able to upgrade us 2 tiers for the same price.
The table was awesome and Hakkasan was amazing with all the confetti, lasers, etc.
Over the course of a few weeks I must have texted him 40-50 times and he immediately responded every time.
Jeremy was an awesome host and would recommend him to anyone looking to set up anything in Vegas.
He will walk you in to every club so you don't have to wait in any lines and he is available for anything else you need and because he knows so many people he gets hooked up the way other hosts can't.
I would definitely use Jeremy again!!

Jeremy made all the planning simple and easy.
I recently took a trip to Vegas for my birthday and booked a table at Hakkasan thru Jeremy.
When we got to the club, he walked us right in to our table (no waiting in line).
he even stayed a bit to make sure everything was ok with our table and we had everything we need before he left.
we all had a great time despite how crowded the club was.
Even with last minute changes in the amount of people, he was very accommodating and was pleasant to work with.
He was very knowledgable of all the Vegas clubs as I preferred hip-hop.
Payment was also made simple as he accepts credit cards.
I would definitely recommend Jeremy and would use his services again.
Thanks Jeremy!

I was in contact with Jeremy about a month out from my arrival in vegas.
Jeremy is extremely professional.
He returned every email or text message promptly.
We ended up putting down a few $K for a nice spot a wet republic with Jeremy.
A few days prior to arriving, my wife became sick and could no longer travel to vegas.
Jeremy refunded our money with no problem and even said "things happen".
I want to mention he kept his percentage but he completely deserved it for all the work he put into our planning.
If you look at my other reviews, we are not easily pleased.
Jeremy's service gets our full approval.

When my group and I wanted to party in Vegas for a few nights Vegas Party VIP helped us party in style.
Jeremy got us great tables at Hakkasan, Surrender and XS nightclubs and was also very attentive at each venue.
Jeremy was always there to get things setup smoothly each night and also made sure that all the details were in place.
When we had questions prior to arriving in Vegas Jeremy provided detailed information about the venues, and options every step of the way and even provided an easy way to split the tab among members of my party.
I definitely recommend the Vegas Party VIP service for anyone that wants to party in Vegas.
A  truly awesome service.

My best friend and I were going to Vegas for a few days to celebrate her birthday...and we wanted to go to XS at the Encore but didn't want to pay the $25 cover to get in.
Soooo....we contacted Jeremy to see if he could hook us up, and he did!!
We not only got in for free, but he even scored us a few drink tickets as well.
We would have given him a big kiss if he was with us!
We had a great night thanks to him.

Unreal, undeniable and unforgettable.
I go to Vegas at least once a year.
By far this was the best weekend E.V.E.R.
Found Vegas Party VIP on Yelp by mistake- was looking just nightclubs.
Best mistake ever.
Contacted them through the website about a month before I came.
Jeremy told me to reach out to him a week before- but he's so on top of his game he contacted me before I even had a chance to do anythjng.
:) made my life is much easier and made me look awesome in front of my friends.
He got us onto the Hakkasan guest list to see Calvin Harris (tickets were about $120 per person FYI).
Free to us 3 girls.
We ended up get VIP treatments from Hakkasan and got to sit right next to the stage with unlimited bottle service (yay Vegas!).
We also were able to see Bruno Mars at Marquee (he even hooked us up at Marquee Dayclub as well) with DJs Lisa Pittman and Havana Brown.
Love love their music.
Havana Brown even shook my hands.
She was a total sweetheart.
All questions were answered within an hour max.
Most of the time he answered right away.
Service is definitely top notch.
Will be using this service over and over again and definitely spreading the words to my friends.
Thank you so much Vegas Party VIP!!!!
Xoxo

I had planned my buddy's 21 Birthday trip in Vegas a few months ago and got everybody out here only to find that we had no true plan for the big day.
I called Jeremy the day before we arrived and he set everything up for us.
Limo at our hotel, VIP at XS (The #1 club in Vegas), limo to the after party at the gentleman's club and even concierged us around the MGM while we were at the club and bar there.
He has been helpful throughout our week here and I would highly recommend this service to anybody coming the strip whether its the first time or your hundredth, he will take care of you and focus on a personal experience.
I know I've not only made a great resource for every time I come back, but a new friend.

RICH IS THE MAN!!!
I was there this weekend and he hooked me and my fellas up with a killer deal on a table at Hakassan.
He also threw in a limo and trip to some other venues (that I will not disclose).
All and all the service was fast, friendly, and affordable.
I will recommend this to anyone I know going to Vegas.
5 stars all the way!!!!
Thanks RICH.
Can't wait to see you next time.

I've been to LV a bunch of times and it been cool.
Last week I went with some buddies from my college days.
I was mentally prepared to spend two hours in line, get separated because the group was all guys, and spend a fortune trying to get into some average club...
This is where my main man Rich comes in!
Rich had us not only in the club but at the best table right on the Catwalk!
That was just the beginning.
I can't write about the rest of the trip but needless to say, this LV trip was unlike any before.
Rich gets it done.
On time, well organized, and he has all the details covered!

What can I say?
Rich hooked it up for my friends and I.
We skipped the lines at XS, got great rates on bottle service and he was there for us throughout the night for whatever we needed.
Us having a good time was clearly important to him....and he delivered.

Words can't even begin to describe how amazing Jeremy was for my trip to Vegas a couple of weeks ago.
It was my 25th birthday, and I wanted to go out with a bang....but on a budget.
Jeremy went out of his way to accommodate my friends and I.
We spoke for almost 2 months about different options we could take within the amount of money we wanted to spend.
Not only did this dude hook it up by walking us in VIP and allowing us to skip the line, but he managed to get a table with bottle service for an amazing price.
I was so impressed with how attentive he was even before we got into Vegas, but even more so once we got into town.
I work in customer service and really can appreciate when people go out of their way to make the client happy.
And that's exactly what he did.
He truly went above and beyond my expectations and helped make a birthday trip I will never forget!
There's no other option as to who I'll contact for any future trips to Vegas!
I've even passed his name along to some friends who are looking to go visit this year.
I highly recommend anyone who's looking for a badass time in Vegas to contact Jeremy.
You will not be disappointed!!!
Thank you Jeremy!!

Had a party of 10 for a bachelor party and big man Jeremy took care of us with bottle reservations on a Saturday night.
Always attentive answering text messages at anytime of the day....this guy doesn't sleep lol good work big Jeremy, you know I'll be contacting you again on future trips.

This is my first Yelp review ever and it fittingly goes to Vegas Party VIP because of the positive experiences I've had working with them.
When I want to party in Vegas, I only go to one person: JEREMY!
He is professional, organized, and provides detailed information about the venues and helps you out every step of the way.
He's very attentive and answers your messages at any time of the day.
I appreciated feeling like a VIP every step of the way.
Once you work with Jeremy and Vegas Party VIP you'll never want to work with another company again!
I am definitely referring him to friends and family.

Rich from Vegas Party VIP is my new favorite person in Vegas!
I worked with Rich to build a great bachelorette night out in Vegas and it far surpassed my expectations!
Rich and Vegas Party VIP made me a hero with my group and WE.
HAD.
SO.
MUCH.
FUN!
Rich's attention to detail was amazing, he was on time, made great suggestions, and delivered on *everything* that he promised.
Not just that, but he was incredibly professional, personable, and a blast to hang out with.
He was able to get us everything that we wanted, within our budget, and everything we did was top notch, so I didn't *feel* like we were on a budget.
I'm a hospitality industry veteran from The Bay Area.
I admit I'm a bit jaded by the industry and I know the difference between genuine good service and just 'mailing it in.
'  I go to Vegas several times a year, and Rich took better care of me than any other VIP host ever has.
I will definitely work with him again and my girls can't wait to do the same.
We're already talking about our next trip!

What an amazing evening!
Huge thank you to Jeremy and Vegas Party VIP for a stellar evening!
Beecher's Madhouse was everything we wanted and more!
Guest list for seven girls, bottle service and an amazing booth location!
Couldn't ask for better service!
Will definitely be using this service again!

A+++ experience!
Jeremy and the VEGAS PARTY VIP team provided service that FAR exceeded any expectation!
VIP experience that our group will never forget.
Will be sending everyone I know to Vegas Party VIP and will be using the service again.
Background:  We are locals who wanted to have a nice ladies night out at the clubs.
As a local, we have many choices but we didn't want to stress over the planning.
We contacted Jeremy and gave him a little info on where we wanted to go and some background on us so he could suggest some other clubs we might enjoy.
He gave us several solid choices for the night.
We choose Beacher's and had a THE BEST time there.
I can't put into words how fantastic it was and can't thank Jeremy enough for organizing and arranging our entry and table.
Pros:  Super attentive and professional service             Easy to communicate with and quick and thorough responses             Has access to THE best of the best nightlife/clubs in town             Cares about their clients and their experience            I super highly recommend their services.

Jeremy and the Vegas VIP team gave myself and my friends a fabulous time at beachers madhouse!
They gave us real VIP experience!
I would recommend them to everybody.

I was so impressed by the service my friends and I received for Vegas VIP.
Thank you Jeremy for the outstanding service and memorable time!

