Apart from a welcome that was bordering on brusque and the fried eggs being slightly underdone breakfast here on Sunday past was a pleasant experience.
Good large helpings as well as enough toast for a very reasonable £5.20.
Pleasant waitress and not a long wait between ordering and getting served so all in all a pleasant experience.

The Olive Tree was a pleasant caffeine stop before my band's late night gig recently in Edinburgh.
We were attracted by the exterior which was welcoming and cosey!
Upon arriving, it seemed the staff were surprised to see us!
And it was empty besides a couple having food.
We didn't let this put us off and indulged in some lattes!
Despite being almost empty, a few of the tables were yet to be cleaned and that the staff still stood idly by.
The cakes looked lovely but the cabinet wasn't the cleanest either which made us reluctant to come back and try them.
The toilet consisted of one large room which was dirty and lacking in toilet roll.
Otherwise, my chai latte was lovely!

My husband and I stopped in here for a coffee enroute to another appointment.
The exterior looked nice and inviting but it was a bit different inside.
When we stepped through the door the place was totally empty apart from two members of staff having food and working on a lap top, they looked a bit surprised to see us but stopped eating and showed us to a table.
There was no music on which left the place silent and a bit unwelcoming.
They did put music on after taking our coffee order which helped certainly, as it did with a couple of other folk arriving.
The late and mocha both looked the part in nice tall glasses but didn't taste the best.
It was super sweet with no real chocolate flavour, I wonder if it was cheap hot chocolate powder?
I never finished my mocha, which is unheard of!
Looking around, you get the impression that this little bistro has once been loved but it feels like the relationship is over, there were light bulbs out in every light fitting and a general tired feeling for the place.

