Very nice new baby store.
One day after my wife and I finished grocery shopping at SuperTarget, we noticed a bright, colorful sign and decided to check it out.
Baby Town coming summer 2013 it said!
We were pretty excited to say the least, especially with our first on the way.
There's not a whole lot of baby superstores around aside from Babies R Us which can be hit and miss on stuff and Buy Buy Baby which I absolutely hate!
(See Review ;-) So aside from the Target baby section there's not a whole lot of options when it comes to one stop baby stuff.
So we drive over in July and it's finally open!
Thank goodness they're open til 9pm because we got there late about 8:30pm and were afraid they had closed.
Pretty slow inside with it being so late and only open for a few days.
Overall what we walked away with was very friendly staff, every last employee approached us.
Competitive prices, a little less than Babies R Us on most things though they do have plenty of high end stuff if you have the money and want a bigger selection.
Good variety of merchandise in each price range to cater to everybody.
Clean, easy layout of the store, similar to Buy Buy Baby but with a better merchandise flow.
They really do have just about everything you could ever need, even have a play area up front for the little ones and a room in the back that was still under construction but looks like it will be for classes and play time for moms and kids to meet new friends!
My only complaint was the way the main isles abruptly terminate in the back and you just kinda have to navigate back to the other main path.
Fun store, locally owned, affordable, easy location with other great stores and food.
I think we'll be regulars!
Go check it out before you go to the other baby stores, you'll be glad you did.

Customer Service is Awesome!!

So it seems it is the time in my life that everyone around me is pregnant, it is in the water as they say.
I was in the area today and I noticed that Baby Town just moved into this shopping center.
My sister is expecting her first baby soon along with many other close friends who are also expecting so I figured I might as well check it out.
This store is huge.
Similar in size to a Bed Bath and Beyond except for baby supplies.
The flow of the store was nice and easy to navigate.
I browsed through many baby clothes and they have a variety of brands and prices.
I found clothes ranging anywhere from $7.99-$34.99.
They also have a great selection of furniture.
The average price of a crib set was around $550 and most converted into toddler beds.
Pretty much anything you need for baby it is here.
They also have a selection of nursing bras which I know can be hard to find.
Overall very good prices and great selection.
It is also great to support a local business.
I would recommend this store to my pregnant pals and keep it in mind for the future.

Good selection, competitive prices, nice clean store.

HUGE store!
Looks similar to Bed, Bath, and Beyond and the old Linens N Things (probably because that's the space they took over).
They have a lot of selection, and even if the prices semms high, they price match and take competitors coupons, so you really are always getting the best price.
But my favorite things are that the staff are open to suggestions, so if you ask them about stocking an item, they will see if they can do that for you!
Amazing if you ask me!
I also LOVE the classes offered there for parents!
They have several different instructors there that cover a lot of different topics parent want.
Awesome idea!
Oh yeah...and another cool thing...they have a play area for those older babies and toddlers who get fussy while mom and dad shop!
Another REALLY cool idea!!

My fiance and I drove to the area from the West Valley to meet a friend and had some time to spare.
Since we are expecting our first child in a few weeks, the outside of the store caught my eye.
As soon as we walked in, we were warmly greeted- which is always a plus in my book.
While we had about 15 minutes to spare, we were able to explore about half of the store.
I was immediately impressed with the wide variety of brands and selection of clothing.
Definitely more diverse than your typical Babies R' Us!
One of my favorite sections was the cloth diaper section.
Many baby stores have a microscopic (if any) cloth diaper selection, however Baby Town's selection was fantastic!
Full of various diaper brands and diapering options (AIO, Pocket Diapers, etc).
When our time was up, I was pretty bummed, but we decided we would be making the hour long trek back to Baby Town very soon.

Great store.
Lots of selection.
I've always went to buy buy baby and Babies r us.
But this store had things that neither of the other stores have.
Liked they had educational toys.
They do take competitors coupons.
So I got to use my 20% off from Babies r us there.
Will be back.
Also staff was very helpful.

I no longer go to Buy Buy Baby or Babies R Us now that I've been here.
They have all of the good stuff I like to use and a really wide variety of unique items that I can't finf anywhere else.
The customer service is usually pretty good.

Very displeased with the service on Grand Opening (Dec 7th).
After my family has spent thousands of dollars here this fall and about 2 hours at Grand Opening with a 7 week old baby, disappointed to see they ran the raffle so poorly.
Everything was supposed to be awarded "first come first serve" for notified winners.
So it was as though it was Black Friday rush all over again.
I personally had a woman without an infant in tow take a prize that I had arrived before she had to select.
Tending for a moment to my crying baby, she literally without hesitation took the prize I had picked from right next to my infant's car seat.
Never had this happen in all my shopping experiences.
Speaking to the other "winner" proved pointless, so I let the store know this had happened.
They were beyond non confrontational, even allowing her to place it on hold at the registry desk for a few minutes.
(This was first come first served, right??
) I waited assuming they would make this right.
All they offered me was an apology and a chance to select a different item.
I was told it was chaotic and they even had a prize or two stolen in the process.
Just a very bad way to run an event where little ones and pregnant women are involved.
Poor service for loyal customers who go out of their way to shop at a local business versus the much closer Babies R Us.

Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly.
Always want to support locally owned business.
They also price match and use all competitor coupons.
Thanks for making our experience stress free.

The store here is laid out very well.
It is more of a custom baby store, but has quality items at all diffrent prices.
Some of them my husband and I were sticker shocked, but with having our third baby nine years after the last lots has changed.
The staff here was very helpful and we will be registering for some of our items for the baby shower.

