Dr. Jordan Miyamoto is a first rate service provider.
No one works harder than she does!
I have not only had the pleasure of having her as a CPR instructor, but also as an instructor for a few classes while I attended massage school.
She is a very enthusiastic teacher and works very hard to make sure everyone learns what she is teaching.
She is very accommodating and will train on her site or at your company.
Her classes are always fun and the time goes by quickly.
I enjoyed her CPR and First Aid training class immensely, as I have all of her other classes.
Dr. Miyamoto is an excellent Chiropractic physician also.
She is a very caring physician and puts the needs of her patient first and foremost.
She is as accommodating in her practice as she is as a teacher, and will travel to your home if necessary.
She also works weekends, and evenings.

Dr. Jordan Miyamoto provided me one of the most deepest tissue massages I have ever experienced in Las Vegas.
I have been receiving massages for my chronic upper back issues for the past 2 years from other massage therapists here in Las Vegas.
It is extremely difficult to settle in with a massage therapist that will understand your pain needs.
When I met Dr. Miyamoto today it was like she knew exactly what I needed.
The massage session went 100% amazing.
Her technique is to the point and ON POINT.
She targets the needs of her patients and I left her office feeling better.
I will be honest, pain issues do not go away over night it takes time and discipline and healing to target and battle neck and back pain.
Dr. Miyamoto convinced me and YES I will be a returning to her office to finally get rid of this upper back pain I am experiencing.
I put my trust and confidence in her practice I will refer her to many of my coworkers and friends.
Her price point is fair and honest and 100% Recommended.
I am a very rare yelp reviewer but I had to take the time out of my day to give  Apache Health Center a thumbs up!
Take my word go see her you will not be disappointed.

Dr. Jordan Miyamoto is awesome.
She took the time to get to know me and seemed more concerned about my well being than making money off of me.
I'm a young, long haul truck driver and the healing she gave me was SO necessary.
I would recommend her services to anyone.
Don't wait, go in and see her!

