Maybe Best Buy is getting their act together after all.
We came here just before New Year's to look at ovens and stoves after ours simply died.
We checked prices at Home Depot, Lowe's, Sears Appliance and this Best Buy, along with Consumer Reports.
A few years ago, Best Buy bought Pacific Appliance and started pushing all their appliance business into it.
The sales forces are separate, as it seems are their order systems  That said, our experience is all good and very positive.
After buying our new oven, it was delivered and installed within three business days.
Very nice!
Today we came back to upgrade one of our iPhones, after the www.BestBuy.com goofed the order and the store (see photo) had to fix it.
Great customer service, and the honored a online coupon as well.
Wow!
Clearly, Best Buy is still evolving as a company, but based on our most recent experiences we came away very impressed.

I have used this location to pick up on line orders.
Those transactions have gone flawlessly.
However the past 3 visits have dragged on due to long lines at customer service.
It's difficult to be patient when there are three people (2 blue shirts and a yellow shirt) standing by the front door chatting amongst themselves and greeting customers as they walk in.
While I was still waiting for customer service to help me another associate (#4) began chatting with an old friend.
I simply wanted to return a product and pay off my credit card balance, who knew I would need the patience of a saint to complete this simple transaction.
I enjoy using Amazon much more than Best Buy.
Hopefully the Best Buys service will improve.

Went in to get help with buying a new surround system for my whole house, went to the back and got help right away!
Very informative, helpful and all around awesome!
One of the best locations I have been to and will return in the future!

Quick run down.
I called store to confirm they had the part I needed and quantity I needed.
I arrived at store and was told to stand in line at customer service.
10 minutes later I was directed to go wait at the PC section.
They brought me a connector that wouldn't work.
20 minutes later no one could find the adapter I was assured was available.
No one offered to call other locations.
They did offer me an apology.

Wanting a case for my new samsung s4, i saw that BB had it for $39.
I checked the BB websiteand ordered it for $23.
Picked it up the next day at the store.
Why can't they offer it for that price at the store?
Glad I checked the web.
Great price and no delivery charge.

So, I decided to go to best buy on Black Friday.
Surprisingly it was not all that busy that night.
Also it was nice that the staff at Best Buy was helpful.
Typically no one at best buy will ask if you need any help finding something on a normally day.
So, I found what I was looking forward, a couple of Blu rays movies and some video games for a great price.
Even checking out was quick and easy.
Thank you Best Buy for making my shopping experience great on Black Friday.

Two people working returns on the day after Christmas crazy had to wait 20 minutes for an exchange with only two people in front if me!!
Will not return unless forced to return a gift!

Saving this best buy was this amazing and super friendly kid who had helped me find the final season of breaking bad.
The arrangement of movies was so random and instead of alphabetical category the best buy guys decided to just put it in categories of favorite shows and no alphabetical order within each category.
As pointless and unimportant this might sound to an individual, when you're dealing with 300 different movie titles..
It gets kind of confusing..  Luckily my best buy person never gave up trying to help and we searched for a good 10 minutes for the breaking bad final season.
On top of that I also grabbed the mindy project which is a great second Season so far and the first isn't too bad.

Wow, I'm baffled at how NOT helpful their staff is.
I just purchased an HDTV, and figured it would be safer (albeit a little more expensive) to deal with direct handling at a brick & mortar store instead of possible online shipping damages.
There are plenty of staff members walking around checking their phones, but don't ask them for help with carrying your items because they'll find an excuse to run away.
After lugging the 50+ pound TV by myself onto the cart, I rolled it into the parking lot, only to find that it wouldn't fit into my compact car.
I went back in to see if any of the staff members had any ideas on how to carry this TV home, and all they suggested was "go get a bigger car.
"  Wow, thanks Sherlock.
Let me just go fly my G6 onto your loading dock.
I proceed to ask about their "free delivery" option that I saw online (proof: http://www.bestbuy.com/site/55-class-54-5-8-diag--led-1080p-120hz-smart-hdtv/8816483.p?id=1218901344739&skuId=8816483&st=samsung%2055%22%20hdtv&cp=1&lp=1#tab=overview),  Darien said "no, we charge for delivery.
"  Mind you, I have an HDTV unsupervised in a parking lot so I'm not looking to linger.
I don't have time to argue with your ignorance and I'm beyond frustrated at this point.
As a last resort, I ask if they have any supplies that I can use to rig the tv onto the top of my car?
"no, we don't want to be held liable.
"  I ended up taking the TV out of the box (say goodbye to returns) but fortunately it worked out.
F YOU best buy, but THANK YOU to all the kind Scottsdale strangers who helped me carry the TV into my car and making helpful suggestions.
Never going back to BB for the rest of my life.

Originally, we came here to just pick up a Chromecast, and it turned out the damage was much more severe.
She wanted to "look" at DSLR cameras.
It was a bridge that we would have to cross at some point.
Anyway, the only problem with this location is that we were standing around for a couple of minutes waiting for someone to help us.
That was the only problem with the entire experience, but I guess that is the side-effect of not having a sales man breathing down your neck.
But, I still deducted a point because it still felt like an excessively long wait to flag down a salesperson to get the camera.
Overall, the transaction was smooth, and we were happy to walk out with both the camera bundle and the Chromecast.
Best Buy is great if you do not want to wait the extra days waiting for the Amazon Prime delivery...

