If you're new to running or want to get more serious about your running, this is the place to get outfitted.
Dan has been in the business for many years and has a wealth of knowledge about anything running and triathlon related.
Best customer service and product knowledge.
Get in here and get running!

Awesome staff at this store!
It's nice to go somewhere that provides great information with a positive attitude.
You just don't see service like this anymore.

Dan and Matt are the best in the business.
Dan has been running since college and still runs several races and triathlons each year.
Matt has also been running forever and these two know everything about wearing the right shoe.
If your kid just joined track for the first time, you haven't run in years and want to start again, or have never run and got suckered into a race, or think you know everything about running these guys will not disappoint, don't believe me, just ask some of the Olympic athletes that shop there.
They can watch you take a few steps and just stand in your socks and can tell you what is the best type of shoe, after that it is just a matter of which one you like or feels the best.
These guys and their customers are a wealth of knowledge.
I learn something new every time I go in there!

I stopped in to Cadence based on other Yelp reviews to find a pair of motion control/stability shoes that fit my medical condition and arch/body type.
Matt was extremely helpful and attentive, checking the shape of my foot and gait in three different brands of shoe.
He quickly spotted the shoe that best fit my stride, and did so regardless of brand or price.
In a world where service is hard to find and national stores dominate I seriously hope you give Cadence a chance.
The service was great and they are local!!
The selection is not huge, but is designed to have a running or training shoe for all types of athlete.
I may not have a sixth marathon in me, but for my two mile jogs I will never buy another pair of shoes from anyone else.

I wouldn't give this location a single star but I was required to select a rating.
I went into this store as a new customer looking for a shoe I commonly purchase and I was bullied out of the store by one of the employees.
He was rude and nasty to me because I didn't know the specific model name of the shoe brand I wanted and wouldn't perform aerobic exercises in the parking lot to try out the shoes he brought to me.
As a customer, if I don't want to run around the parking lot, I should not be bullied to do so and mocked because I won't.
I expressed how pushy and rude he was being and he snatched the shoes away from me and kicked me out of the store.
I was nearly in tears when I got to my car.
When I got home I sent an email in via the website....2 weeks later I received a response from the owner...defending the employees behavior!!
I was appalled and will never shop here again.

Just stopped in and got a pair of shoes.
They took their time and really helped get me into the right pair of shoes.
The didn't up sell me on something I did not need.
Overall a great experience.
I recommend it to anyone needing a pair of running shoes.

Very, very cool store.
For the last few years I've found that going to a store that measures your feet and looks at your running in order to fit you for the best shoe, has been the best decision I could have made.
I find them in every city I live in and this is one of the best.
I didn't get the guy's name that helped me (sorry!
),but he was very cool, very knowledgeable and really great with shoes.
He took his time and didn't make me feel hurried or rushed even though he was the only one in the store and other people kept coming in.
Nice way to treat customers, awesome service.
He brought me out a lot of different shoes just to make sure I got the shoe that was best for me and that I liked.
He really paid attention, more so than I think anyone else has, and got me fitted perfectly.
They have lots of different running shoes, you're sure to find a style you love and they have the coolest colors out now.
I really had fun AND got a great pair of shoes.
I will definitely be coming back here for more awesome running shoes in the future!
Great service, great selection, great store!

I started running a few months ago and found out that it is important to get the right shoe for you.
I went to Dick's Sporting goods and Sport Chalet and they gave me totally different suggestions.
Sport Chalet guy was dead wrong even though he used a treadmill and a camera.
The guy at Dick's made sense and I was going to go with their recommendation and then I found out about this place.
I really like how Matt took his time, explained everything and brought out various shoes for me to try.
I was hesitant to go in the parking lot with these new shoes on when I knew I wasn't sure which one would I buy!
But they are totally ok with that.
This is how they sell their shoes.
They want to make sure that you are comfortable running in them on the road and not just walking on the carpet.
I tried three pairs and did not buy a single one that day.
He was totally ok with that.
I went back couple days later and got my Brooks Ghost 6 and I love them!!
If you are serious about running, give this place a try!

went into the store after my podiatrist suggested I contact them for a shoe that would help my Planter fasciitis.
Todd helped me and was very patient and knowledgable about the shoes he sells including shapes, fit, arches etc... he brought out different styles and shoes for me to try and even went out into the parking lot with me to walk around in them.
It makes no difference if you are not athletic or a runner this guy knows his stuff!!
The shoes I bought have helped me so much and the sock to help with the planter fasciitis was also a great investment!
I would not hesitate to go back and have been handing out cards to the store since I left!

