This place is AMAZING!!
The garlic edamame was yummy and all three of our sushi rolls were to die for!
(Kamakazi, Volcano, and Show me the love) The staff is very friendly and everyone was doing a great job making sure we were enjoying our meal.
The restaurant is decorated nicely with a quiet ambiance and everything was clean.
This is definitely our new go to place for date night!

I came here on a Friday night with family to try out their Hibachi cooking since it's near by.
I've been to other near by Japanese Hibachi style restaurants, but I have to say that Ohjah kicked some butt and is at the top of my list.
The salad dressing was delicious and the entire meal was yummy.
I especially enjoyed the Udon noodles and the fresh vegetables.
I was not a huge fan of their onion soup; it was a bit salty and the breaded onion pieces inside looked like it came from a can of crispy onions.
All and all the service was great and the chef preparing our meal was hilarious and very entertaining.
It is a good size restaurant with a private room for dining.
The decor is nice and it has a great vibe.
I hope this plays sticks around because I will definitely be back to try their sushi bar and other menu items.

This place is not even a week old!
Excellent Japanese food!
I had short ribs, tempura.
miso soup, salad with ginger dressing, rice.
Maybe next time I'll brave some sushi.
Not a big fan of that.

They finally opened this place near our house.
We normally frequent the Decatur and Blue Diamond location.
We love this place.
At this location we noticed new items on the sushi menu and tried three of them.
It was all so good.
Merri recognized us from the other location and she is now the bar tender here at Flamingo site.
We always order the Ohjah boat as it always has little of everything we like (choice of sushi rolls and my favorite Sashimi)  I'll be here every week.
LOL!

I've never been to Ohjah before.
Last night was my co-workers birthday and she wanted to celebrate it here.
I didn't complain I love sushi.
We sat at one of the teppanyaki grill top tables.
Our waiter served up promptly.
As soon as our waiter left, less than 10 min.
later our cook arrives with everyone's orders.
This place is fun, fast and efficient.
They had our orders correct and was well organized than other teppanyaki places I've been too.
This place is pricey however they use quality ingredients.
I will come back here again!
Great atmosphere and awesome staff!!

Must try Kobe & live lobster !!!!
Awesome food and service !!!

New place in our neighboorhood so we decided to try it.
We love it!!
Been there about 4 times since it has open.
Tried Habachi and regular table service.
Food has been great and overall the service is good too.
They have been giving customers $10 gift certificates too.
I recommend trying this place.

This place is amazing!
Everyone was so pleasant!
The hibachi was so cool to watch.
They did all sorts of tricks.
We loved the group dynamic that comes with it.
Our chef was funny and family friendly.
The food was absolutely delicious.
The chicken teriyaki was perfect as was the sukiyaki beef.
The host walked us to the door to make sure everything was great and gave us a gift card for our next trip.
It is moderately priced as well.
We'll make sure to go back at least once a month.
It's our new hot spot.

I love that the new Ohjah location is so much closer to me!
I can easily stop in after work because it's literally on my way home.
I stopped by a couple times already.
I used any old excuse to stop in like "It's Monday", "I don't want to eat Super Bowl food for dinner", "I had a hard day and I deserve it!".
Let's go through my exciting food choices...shall we?
I tried their Japanese Spring Roll ($6.95).
It is mainly some greens with fake crab mixed with the spicy mayo, avocado wrapped in a roll.
It's a little salty for me so lately I've been asking them not to put the sauce on the bottom of the rolls .
I'd rather have it on the side.
I still love this appetizer and it's a bit addicting for me.
The Crunch roll ($6.95) is yummy!
I like some crunch to my sushi sometimes.
I like the sauce they sprinkle it with because the roll has that sweet and salty taste.
The shrimp tails on the edges of the rolls are little tricky for me to maneuver around but practice makes perfect!
The Chicken Kat's plate ($11.95) was pretty big because I'm used to being served just one piece of chicken but this came with two!
I had to take the other one home.
It's a nice meal that will fill you up!
I wanted to try other appetizers besides the spring rolls so I tried their Kani Nachos  ($3.75).
It a big fried won ton with crab meat , avocado and some sort of oil on top of it.
I didn't care too much for the oil.
It was tricky to eat so I did miss having the spring rolls.
I had the Pink Lady ($10.95) which is sushi wrapped in pink rice paper.
This is my favorite one I have tried so far.
It's not because it's pink but I like the mix of flavors in it .
I think this one also has cream cheese .
I love rolls with light cream cheese!
The Calamari ($7.25) here melts in your mouth!
It's not rubbery or has a fishy smell like some places I 've been to lately.
They give you generous meaty pieces .
I think you get a lot for your money on this dish.
I could barely finish the last one.
This would be my number one appetizer and the spring rolls would come in  a close second.
The last roll I had was wrapped in avocado .
I think it was the Shogun roll ($9.95).
This would be tied with the Pink Lady because I liked them so much!
It's hard for me to choose.
We also came here for Hibachi which is always excellent!
They have a meal where you can choose three meats for around $39.95.
I chose the scallops, shrimp and fillet Mignon.
It was entertaining and delicious!
The service here is top notch!
The handful of times I've been here they have always given me the best customer service by checking on me and making sure my drink is always full.
It was an overall awesome eating experience for me!

We did the hibachi grill last night with the kids.
It was really good.
We started with a sushi roll which was fresh and delicious and not very expensive.
Then we moved on to the hibachi food.
We ordered the NY steak and our son got the shrimp.
Both were very tasty and the veggies and rice/noodles that came with it were perfectly cooked and oustanding.
We have a lot of usuals that we go to but this was a nice change.
I might have to add this into our list of usuals.
The atmosphere itself was really great, clean & modern restaurant and was dimly lit.
I will definitely come back without the kids.
(kids hated the steam and fire from the hibachi grill)

Ohjah!!!
Oh Yeah!!!
Finally a new restaurant in Summerlin that actually has good food, tasteful decor, and reasonable prices!
This space has had several restaurant turnovers, but I think Ohjah will be calling this place "home" for a while.
We were greeted by host as soon as we walked in.
Although it was packed on Saturday night (2/16), we were seated immediately.
While polite, professional, and attentive, our  server quickly took our drink order and said to call her back when we were ready to order, however we already knew what we wanted to order but she was already off taking care of her other customers.
Since it was busy and to her defense she was continually taking care of everyone and not wasting a moment, it was hard to get her attention.
We didn't order for another 15 minutes or so.
While waiting, we had the chance to take in the ambiance.
Viewing from the front the restaurant, there is a drink bar to the left with TV.
The sushi bar is in the back side of the front section of the restaurant.
Between the drink bar and sushi bar, there is a hallway lined with tables leading to one hibachi room and the kitchen.
There is another hibachi room, off to the right side.
I could hear the crowd in the hibachi room in the back, although based on the hibachi room off to the side there is a door to muffle noise, but I guess the door to the back one was not closed.
Otherwise the noise level was restaurant was average.
The restaurant is softly lit and tastefully decorated in red, black and gold/tan.
The menu touches on alot of different Asian cuisines- Chinese, Japanese/Sushi, Thai, and Korean.
My husband order three handrolls, and one deep fried sushi roll.
I just ordered the kimchi stew which came with the option of miso soup and salad.
Our food can within a reasonable amount of time.
Rolls were standard, nothing out of the ordinary, but decent.
However, serving plate for one roll was so big (on the verge of being obnoxious) it had to be put off to the side, even in a four-person booth with just two of us.
My kimchi stew was well seasoned and was a generous portion that had tons of beef and tofu.
I was really surprised that it tasted so good.
Again it took a while to flag down our waitress, so we ordered an eggroll and also asked for the check.
We left the restaurant, everyone said "bye" and the manager came running out to us with a $10 gift card.
How nice and unexpected that was?
We will definitely be coming back, I just hope they add a few more to the wait staff...those poor girls were non-stop busy.

This new restaurant is close to our house, so we tried it last week.
It was soooo good!
My husband ordered the tempura dinner and I ordered spicy shrimp.
The soup was flavorful and the salad dressing was so good you could drink it from a straw!
The tempura coating was light and crispy and my dish well seasoned.
I only wish they served brown rice.
The choices were fried or steamed white rice.
We will definitely go back to try their sushi and their hibachi.
Nice atmosphere, nice waitresses, and excellent food at very good prices.

We usually go to the Decateur location but had a bad experience there last night when they cleared out table before we were done eating.
(left to take the kid to the potty and came back to no food).
She wanted the cooking table again so thankfully they had this location.
This spot is so nice and the service was top notch.
The manager took time at the end to chat with me and when I mentioned how unhappy i was at the other location was very apologetic and gave me his card and offered me his cell number in case i have problems at this location.
I work closer to this one and plan to let all my colleagues know this is the place to go for good food, good service, and good atmosphere.

To me, customer service is everything and they sure don't drop the ball here...   Our chef, Ali, was THE BEST!
He had allll of the skills and jokes that every other chef has had, and a bunch more.
He seriously had my whole family laughing the whole time and it made the overall experience absolutely amazing.

Wonderful place.
The staff was a delight.
Each one of them said goodbye!
Service was A++ food was B+.
The hibachi was a tad on the not as flavorful and rich as usual.
Still it was a great meal and I cleaned my plate.
Prices are very reasonable so are the cocktails!
Will be back for sure!

Ohjah has sushi and regular dining in the front and a hibachi section in the back.
My 8 year old loves hibachi (can you say onion volcano) so off to the back we went.
I was very impressed with the friendly service and the willingness to accommodate (they made a deep fried California roll on request and answered all our questions.
)  I especially like that they let you pick your combinations so you aren't stuck with something you don't like just to get the steak or lobster.
You pay a basic 8.95 for salad, soup and the table seat and then you choose your entrees ala carte ranging from 4.95 for chicken to 12.95 for lobster.
(prices may vary).
They also have a kids menu with large portions.
The show is the same you get at any hibachi place with our excellent chef making a rice heart, an egg roll, an onion train, fireworks and volcano.
I was impressed that the chef gave us all a shrimp toss and all but one of us who tried, caught it.
(My daughter was too shy to try).
The quality was good and the chef cooked the steak perfectly.
We opted for the fried noodles instead of the rice and they were excellent.
The rice looked good too.
Even the ginger dressed salad and the onion soup were very good.
The sushi roll was a little on the skimpy side but tasted very good.
The pricing was right, for two entrees, two drinks, the sushi, we spent less than 45.00.
We will be back!

Ohjah certainly deserves all 5 stars, from the high quality food and presentation to the outstanding service.
A little background information on why we are giving 5 stars -- Hubby and I lived in West Los Angeles for 11 years, enjoying some great Japanese food.
When we moved to Orange County late 2011, we were highly disappointed by the lack of good or even just decent Japanese food in the area (it quickly became apparent to us that OC Yelpers did not know what we considered good food).
For the past 4-5 years, hubby and I have been really missing Japanese food, but we had given up in OC.
Hubby and I brought our little one to visit the in-laws here in Summerlin for Easter, and we got in yesterday from Cali.
Mother-in-law suggested we go to Ohjah, since they had eaten here about two weeks ago for their first time, and they really enjoyed it.
I had no idea that MIL doesn't even like Japanese food!
(She has had many disappointing experiences in her life.
)  I guess Ohjah has converted her.
Husband was skeptical and wasn't ready to try it, until he read Yelp reviews yesterday evening.
We decided to eat dinner here to celebrate Easter, and we were pleasantly surprised by how delicious everything we ordered was.
We got in around 4 PM to avoid the dinner crowd, so we were promptly seated after many customary greetings.
We ordered the following:  Shrimp tempura dinner (included vegetable and seafood tempura, miso soup, and a salad) Miso soup Special Roll Combo -- we chose: Volcano roll (without cream cheese), Philadelphia roll, and Blue Diamond roll California roll Edamame Green tea ice-cream Vegetable fried rice Tempura ice-cream -- with tempura banana*  Comments about the food: 1)  If you are looking to order a few Special Rolls, the Special Roll Combo is really worth it; it is like buying 2 and getting 1 free!
Such a great deal and so delicious.
Nice presentation was an added plus.
Everything was so fresh, including the raw fish.
Although the volcano roll was notated as a spicy roll, it wasn't, which I was happy with since I do not typically eat spicy foods.
2) Miso soup: I didn't have any, but my son, who is an extremely picky eater (secondary to his Sensory Processing Disorder) enjoyed it.
3) Shrimp tempura: so delicious that even my extremely picky eating son ate two bites!!
4) Additional tempura included yam, cuttlefish, imitation crab, and onions.
We liked it as it was not too thick with batter, light, and didn't appear too greasy.
Husband said the tempura sauce was not sweet, though.
I typically dip my tempura in sauce, but I didn't because it was already really delicious.
5) I was really expecting just one scoop of green tea ice-cream so  I was so giddy when the bowl with 2 scoops and 2 mounds of whipped cream arrived!
Before I could pick up a spoon, my little one was about 1/3 way through the first scoop.
6)  Our tempura ice-cream arrived shortly after, and our waiter politely commented that they put on extra tempura banana, which is typically a separate order.
I exclaimed to husband, "We were just comped tempura bananas?!
"  We were thrilled because they were so good!
Even MIL, who was skeptical of tempura desserts, enjoyed them.
We were guessing that maybe they comped us because the waiter had asked if it was our first time, and we had told him it was our first and our in-laws second.
Unfortunately, in-laws, who were so kind to pick up the bill, didn't know that we were comped the tempura banana so they felt embarrassed about not leaving a bigger tip (even though they tipped 20%).
7) The vegetable fried rice had a nice variety of vegetables (i.e., onions, broccoli, green peppers, carrots).
We ordered it for my picky son (who usually eats restaurant fried rice and not when I cook it), but he didn't even eat any because he was so into the Miso Soup.
I was expecting it to be greasy like Chinese restaurants, but it wasn't.
What added to our great dining experience was our very hospitable waiter.
He was attentive and personable, checking on us quite often and making small talk especially about our son, which is always nice since staff from other restaurants can wince when they see toddlers coming to dine.
When we were walking out, the manager or owner asked us how we heard about Ohjah, so we explained what was mentioned previously.
We noted that we will certainly be leaving a positive review on Yelp.
I don't typically write Yelp reviews on the same day unless it is that good (or bad).
In-laws mentioned that it used to be a Denny's that did terrible (couldn't even make decent hash browns), so they were really happy to see that it was replaced with a great restaurant.
They are hoping that people will leave more positive reviews so that this restaurant thrives.
In-laws live less than 5 minutes away, and needless to say, we will be back!
Next time, we are hoping to try the hibachi menu.

So I don't usually like places that are like this, I find that more times they don't season very well.
This is not the case here!
As soon as we walked in we received a warm welcome and was promptly seated, just my husband and I.
We sat at the hibachi table and very shortly after the table was full the chef came out.
I loved that we really didn't have to wait around.
I had the filet, scallops, and shrimp.
Husband had chicken and scallops.
We both loved everything, the scallops were very fresh and large.
We also ordered a tiger roll, mehh I think I need to try another roll before I make my mind up on the sushi.
The show was the best that I have seen, the chef was very interactive.
For everything it was $70 not including tax, prices were good.
We defiantly will be back.

When we pulled up outside to park, the manager was walking some patrons out while shaking hands and handing out promo cards.
He was cheerful and friendly and appeared sincere.
We got a table and made our selections, a couple roles of sushi, and couple of entrees.
The service was fast and attentive, coming by often to check on us.
Making small talk.
Our bill came and the prices are consistent with what we expected.
When we got up to leave, the friendly little manager just ignored us as we walked by, I was disappointed and thought he must of overlooked us, but as we went through the door, he did look up at us, so I guess we didn't spend enough to warrant a handshake.
The food was good enough on it's own to make a return visit worth it, perhaps with family coming in, we can make it.

My only complaint I had before was the service.
Not anymore!!
They are going to open early just for my son's graduation celebration!
Now that's service!
Great service to go along with fabulous food at reasonable prices.
Can't beat that!

Best customer service!!!!!
Me & my family have been here twice.
We love this place!
Food is great!
Try the crazy jalapeno...
If u like spicy!!!

Not only does our 6 year old give it 2 thumbs up, but this has become a new family favorite to us!
The price range is the best I have seen for hibachi, and the food is outstanding.
Ali is our little one's favorite chef, he was great with kids unlike some chef's who forget they are cooking for an audience.
We tried some different rolls, enjoyed the onion soup and of course loved the fried rice.
The chicken, filet and shrimp are succulent.
The only thing to avoid hibachi style is the calamari steaks-ick and bland!
Another positive is that the wine/drink menu has an remarkable price point.
My favorite glass of Sauvignon Blanc goes for double  the price at other joints.
Finally, the owners/managers want your business.
They do what it takes to make the customers happy;a rare find these days.
Keep doing what you are doing, OHJAH!

We had dinner here with 3 young children who were tired and fussy the whole way there.
Naturally they wanted McDonalds (yuck).
Once we arrived, the hostess immediately seated us at the teppanyaki table and took our drink orders.
They were promptly delivered.
We then ordered a few appetizers which were also promptly delivered.
By this time the chef at the table across from us started his cooking show and my kids cheered up!
Shortly after that we placed our order and the show began.
We had a great time as did our kids.
They all want to go back now.
We had a great time and the staff was definitely very attentive just as most of these other reviews claim.

I recently paid a visit to Ohjah restaurant on a Sunday night while my fiancé and I were in search of a "new" place we've never been before.
We originally had planned to visit the Blue Diamond location after I was pleasantly surprised by their great Yelp ratings, but found ourselves near the Flamingo location which had identical ratings.
We entered and were both pleasantly surprised by the ambiance of the restaurant.
They immediately asked if we wanted a regular table or hibachi table.
Being that neither of us was super hungry, we opted to sit at a regular table.
We decided we'd take the suggestion of many Yelpers and order one of the dinner specials.
We decided on one right in the middle in price range, and boy were we delighted!
It came with two special rolls of our choice, some sashimi and nigiri.
It came quite quickly and was perfect size for our appetite for that moment.
We hope to return soon to try the hibachi tables!
Hopefully this time, my phone will have enough battery life to take a good picture of my food this time!

I've only been here once, but do plan on going again.
We had the hibachi table and the show was on par or better than other chain hibachi places.
The choose 3 meat option offered so much protein at a reasonable price (we got steak, shrimp, and scallops) that  my husband ordered this and I stuck with the basic veggie option.
There was no  additional fee to split a plate, which I always enjoy.
When the chef realized we were splitting, he cooked the steak to each of our preference, which I find a high class customer service move.
The tempura is perfectly cooked, light and flakey.
The veggies are fresh and crispy, which leads me to believe they receive fresh produce daily.
The sushi is well prepared, but like a few other yelpers mentioned, a little on the small side, which is fine for an appetizer.
I would have been bummed if I ordered that as an entree.
The service was spectacular.
No dirty dishes sat for more than 30 seconds.
I enjoy restaurants were the staff works as a team rather than saying, "I'll get your server," and this is definitely the culture at Ohjah.
If you live in the area, you've probably received their flyers in the mail for free sake bombs or appetizers, which help you really enjoy a 3 course meal for under $50.

Really great sushi and staff is super attentive and very friendly!
Will go back again.

I had dinner here last night with my friend Laura, and had a great experience.
The service was top notch, the food was amazing, and the manager there was extremely friendly.
The menu featured an impressive breadth of pan asian cuisine with a focus on japanese food, and since I love asian food, I'm definitely going back to further explore their menu.
I tried the Kani Nachos, Crazy Jalapeño, Beef Yakisoba, Kimchi fried rice, and for dessert, the tempura fried green tea ice cream--all very good :)

This is our go-to take out-of-town visitors spot if we want to stay in Summerlin.
We've been a few times already and always get great service (even right after the business opened!).
All the hibachi chefs are talented, entertaining and funny in their own ways.
The food is very reasonably priced for hibachi and you definitely will get your money's worth between the soup/salad/veggies/fried rice/entree(s).
The waitresses make sure your water cups are full and check-in frequently.
There has always been someone to kindly greet us at the door and say thank you as you walk out - I really appreciate that extra attention they make sure to pay their customers.
The staff/management does a great job in making sure they earn your (repeat) business.
And just an FYI if you have shy dinner guests, the chefs always do the "shrimp toss" at the end of the meal, but you can always decline it - which means more shrimp for everyone else!

There have been a few failed restaurants at this flamingo location, so I was skeptical to try Ohjah, but I was pleasantly surprised at the decor, service and food.
Every staff member was attentive and friendly and the hibachi chef put on a great show and was funny.
I highly recommend the filet mignon hibachi (tender and seasoned perfectly) and the sushi was fresh and delicious.
I will definitely be back for hibachi and sushi.

I have been here three times since they opened.
This is definitely my new favorite place for hibatchi.
The prices are very reasonable.
The service is good including the entertaining show.
The quality and taste of the food is excellent.

Very special treatment!
Great service and very professional!
I Tell everyone it's so yummy!

This place is the perfect place for large groups!!!
They have great food & excellent service!
We had my niece's birthday here in april & my moms birthday last night.
Jakk was our server both times.
He gives the best service.
He goes above & beyond!!

We've been meaning to dine here for quite a while and we finally went.
I ordered the $28.95 combo of filet (mr)/scallops/shrimp with fried rice.
The scallops were cooked perfectly, so much so that next time I'd double up on the scallops and one other item.
The only thing close to a complaint might be the 'assembly line' feel of the experience.
Also, the hibachi chef seemed confused about what we all ordered.
No biggie in the grand scheme of things.
The soup and salad were both quite good.
The drinks were kept full at all times, which is great.
I would definitely dine here again....Probably soon.

We decided to try Ohjah for fathers day.
We didnt have a reservation but the manager was awesome and worked us in for the Teppanyaki tables.
We also had sushi and a few drinks.
The drinks were very well priced especially compared to other Japanese restaurants that want to charge $12.00 for a martini.
Service staff was friendly, attentive and fast.
Manager was all over the place making sure everyone was happy.
Teppanyaki chef was a lot of fun!
Kids loved him.
Nice portion size, very fresh sushi and just a wonderful atmosphere.
If you live up in Summerlin you should really try this place out!

Visiting Las Vegas from the San Francisco area and tried this restaurant based on yelp reviews.
It seem to be a "Japanese Restaurant", run by Chinese, serving assorted "Asian dishes" including Japanese, Korean, Chinese and other Asian types of dishes.
It was okay at best and our experience certainly did not match the raving reviews.

It just OK!

A nice cozy Japanese hibachi restaurant.
My bf and I were excited to try their hibachi since the last experience we had (not going to mention the other hibachi restaurant) was not very good and memorable.
So, we ordered the New York steak and Shrimp hibachi with a couple of rolls.
Let's start with the rolls - they were basically the highlight of our dinner.
We tried the White Tiger and the Captain's rolls which were both surprisingly delicious.
A must try!
So after that we thought it will be better since the rolls were so good.
Then the weird onion soup came.
It had deep fried onions and crispy noodles in a clear broth.
It would've been better if there were no crispy noodles.
It just tasted funky.
The salad that came with the hibachi set wasn't bad.
So the hibachi chef started his show and cooked our food.
My bf was getting nervous already when he saw how the chef cooked it.
He didn't season the steak and shrimp.
Put a little salt, soy sauce and pepper in the fried rice and veggies.
So when we tasted our food, unsurprisingly it was very bland.
I had to shower the whole plate with salt.
Our hibachi experience was once again a disappointing one.
We were not even given a sauce to dip our shrimp and New York steak.
We saw on the other table, the chef gave them automatically the sauce.
Plus the chef from the other table seasoned the shrimp and steak well by putting a little lemon and butter.
Probably we were just unlucky getting that chef.
The service was not bad.
The servers were attentive that's why I am giving 3 stars - one for each roll and service.
Oh one more thing, I think their hibachi is pretty pricey.
So the basic hibachi with veggies is $8.95 and if I want extra shrimp, it's extra $7.95 for probably 6 pieces of small shrimp.
Maybe we will back for the rolls but for sure not for the hibachi unless we can be guaranteed that it will not be the same chef again.

Finally!
Best calimari in Vegas, and beyond!
Huge, meaty, steak-fry-like logs of 'mari with a crispy crust like I've never had.
Seriously amazing.
Hibachi was delicious.
I was in the mood for some good veggies.
The fried rice was great (he let me call an audible for extra garlic, and it was the right choice).
The NY steak was soft, juicy and perfectly tender.
Service was perfect.
Will be back!

I am just hoping it was an off-night in the kitchen.
Service has improved since my last visit.
The manager is always nice and attentive.
Aside from the sashimi, our meal didn't taste very good, maybe we didn't order well.
The miso tasted like it was made from a packet, the salad dressing changed since my last visit and was not good...like watered down ranch or something.
More disappointing were our entrees the spicy beef was actually very bland and the sauce looked straight from a bottle, like something you expect from a take-out only Chinese Restaurant.
I got Tom yum soup, which I am pretty sure was made a paste it tasted too concentrated and not fresh.
So why three stars instead of two?
I think their sushi/sashimi is above par, especially for the price.
If I come back I am just sticking to sashimi.

Excellent, best Sushi we've had in Las Vegas.
The service was wonderful and the rolls were amazing.
I can't believe I've been trying places all over the valley and the strip, while this was so close to Summerlin.
We started with the Fuji Apple and Lychee Sake, which were both fantastic.
We also tried the calamari, which was a terrific choice.
We did the dinner special, which was a great price for three rolls.
The Golden Gate, Pink Lady, and Show Me the Love were really some of the best rolls I've had in Vegas.
Our total bill was $63, which included 3 rolls, an appetizer and 3 drinks.
Not bad at all for the quality here.
I will definitely be returning.

Not much to see from the outside, but a very nice restaurant once you're inside!
The food is great and service friendly and fast.

I love this place.
The portions are perfect and the food is consistently good.
The prices are very reasonable, probably the most reasonable I've seen for a habachi style cooking restaurant.
The staff is super friendly and the service is great.

Went here to celebrate my coming home from deployment.
My whole family loved it!
Not that we haven't been to a Hibachi restaurant before but we really just love everything about the place.
The cocktails were pretty good.
The servers were pretty fast and attentive.
Our cook was funny.He pretty much told us his whole entire life while he was flipping them shrimps for my friend rice.
LOL  The food were a little on the expensive side.
But honestly we didnt mind because it was just a pleasant experience.
Why 4 stars?
The food was a little greasy on salty.
Easy on both oil and salt please.

I am a sushi snob... the only meat I eat is raw fish (my body can't digest cooked meat)... after living in LA for 8 years I got very used to high end sushi at great prices, fantastic Izakaya menus etc ... well moving to Las Vegas made me nervous, especially living in summerlin and not wanting to drive to the strip or pay strip prices for great & fresh sushi.
Ohjah made my day.
I found it via YELP so its only fair that I spread the love.
Boyfriend and I went in the evening maybe around 9pm, there were only 2 full tables seated in the front and a handful of people at the bar, not sure about people in the back.
This normally makes me nervous but I was confident in the food after reading reviews.
I ordered one of their sashimi dishes and a variety of sushi and the Lychee Sake - everything was delicious and it was one of those times I wish I had starved myself during the day so I could have tried more!
My boyfriend tried a few different rolls and an octopus dish (he said it was a little chewy) and he loved the raw tuna tacos!!
All around great price, great quality and we will definitely be back!

Food: I am giving it a one-star not for the hibachi but for their sushi.
I came here with friends and while everyone have gone with the hibachi dinner I decided to get the Chirashi since there are rave reviews about the sushi and I was craving it.
What I got was probably the most disappointing chirashi bowl I have ever gotten.
The slices were a bit too thick to be sashimi let alone it did not taste that fresh.
The sushi rice itself should've been great tasting by flavor and texture.
However, the rice was over mixed with the vinegar and it was packed too tight where it lost the "fluff" it should have.
The worse part was giving me the ends of the tomago (egg roll).
The ends should NEVER be served especially when the intention was for sashimi or sushi.
I do not know if they were either thinking it was a waste but just from that, the presentation was already a lost before tasting.
Service:  The staff was nice and the cook for the hibachi was entertaining except there was a moment of turn off  when he asked where I was from and NY was apparently not an acceptable answer because I'm Asian.

Pretty Good Japanese restaurant with entertaining hibachi chefs.
Unfortunately our chef wasn't the most entertaining, but the one who performed next to us did have some great skills and told some pretty good jokes as well as flipping the shrimp or scallops in customers mouths.
The sushi is also quite good with a very wide selection.

Great price and fabulous food.
The environment is relaxing and completely deceiving from the outside.
You feel like you're at the strip rather than in a smiths parking lot.

Man, I love this place.
We use it for two very different types of experiences:    1) The kids love hibachi/tepanyaki.
The food is very good and the show is always fun and funny.
The chefs are all very nice and willing to prepare your food as you request (medium rare, well done, whatever you ask).
They also do a nice job of pandering to the kids.
2) My gf and I really enjoy sitting at the sushi bar.
The fish is very fresh and there is always something new on the Specials Board.
The standard items on the menu are good, and somewhat different than every other sushi bar.
And they don't drown their rolls or nigiri in tons of ponzu (maybe because they don't have to hide the taste of lower quality fish?).
Also, sitting at the sushi bar, their sushi chefs work hard to interact with you and make it more of an experience than just a meal.

6 of us went in for dinner as we had friends who wanted to try a new place.
We were seated in a booth made for 6 and it was very comfortable.
We started off with California roll which was tasty and gyoza which was equally good.
3 of us order the salmon teriyaki dinner, fish was tender and most and good sized portions.
My friends especially liked the fried carrot which was tasty.
Another person ordered the steak teriyaki and the meat was plentiful and tasty.
We also ordered the scallop teriyaki and that was equally delicious.
I ordered the unagi donburi and they also gave us free sake.
All in all the service was attentive and food was tasty.
Cons was that I had to wait a bit for my donburi and after dinner two of us were thirsty.
So I'm not sure if it was the weather or the food had msg.

Pretty good sushi but very inconsistent service.

Love this place!
Every time we have great service and food is delicious.
Place is nice and clean!

Thanks for always great service!
Treat family great everyone was very happy manager is the man!
Website looks great"

Awesome atmosphere- awesome staff!!
Had hibachi with 10 friends, our cooks names was S.O.B.
& the manager periodically checked in on us to make sure we were having a good time.
great humor, yummy food, very entertaining.
We had a great time and will definitely be back for more.
Oh, and they had a promo for September- free hot/cold house sake, non-stop!
We couldn't believe it.
Love this location!

This is my go to place on the west side for great food as a reasonable price.
The manager there is a young guy and he is EXCELLENT.
He always checks with us to make sure everything is going well.
Funny anecdote.
One night we were there and he informed us that today was free sake day.
If you wanted sake, it was on the house (house sake).
After his insistence that we have some, I relented and ordered a small.
He returned less than a minute later to tell me there was a problem; they were only serving larges.

Service was disorganized and extremely slow.
They made up for it with free drinks and ice cream, but we were left with a bad taste in out moths mouth when the manager insulted me to my face and proceeded to talk about inappropriate things on the way out of the restaurant.
I won't be going back here.

Came here for my birthday and ordered way to much food- but that was half the fun.
Shrimp Tempura Meal: served with the best miso soup I have ever had.
It wasn't overly salty like other misos I've had (especially towards the bottom).
The salad was pretty good as well, but nothing to write home about.
The tempura was on par with some of the best tempura I've ever had.
Sushi dinner (2 rolls) Las Vegas Roll: spicy tuna, cream cheese, spicy mayo, eel sauce.
One of the best fried rolls I've ever had.
It was really, really good.
Show Me the Love: spicy yellowtail, tuna, salmon, screaming O sauce (similar to spicy mayo).
We fought over who got the last piece of this roll, on my birthday.
That was how amazing it was.
Fatty Tuna: I didn't try any, but it looked and I was told it tasted, good.
Blue Fin Tuna: Again, I didn't get to try any, it didn't look like anything special, and was told it was unlikely that it was actually Blue Fin.
:(  They brought me out a tempura banana dessert for my birthday.
It was really sweet on the part of our server, and put a damper on us getting dessert somewhere else afterwards, but I was okay with that.
:P  $60 for the amount of food we got was awesome.
That's about how much we normally spend on all you can eat, and we got just as full but the rolls were better (although we probably won't put the AYCE place out of our list of go-tos).

I am not sure why this place has such a high review but nothing but an ordinary asian restaurant with a lot of menu.
We had hibachi dinner, fried rice was too salty, vegetable and steak were very blend.
Nothing spectacular like many reviews said.
We also had two sushi rolls which were covered with almost taste same sauce.
I am not planning to go back.

Wow  this is  something  wrong lol  My friend recommended to try  this restaurant but  service was  super no good lol  Food tastes   its ok    But  my  steak was  burn and over mr  And they served to me And  i asked to chef  chef  is that not burn??
He said  u can eat  burn  part I think  his mind is  terrible  I went  Geisha steak house for  more  than  5 yrs If  they  do  that   They always  recook gave me dc and manger came to me to apologize lol  I know u guys are busy but  u need to more  take care services .

I come about once every two weeks or so.
And have had nothing but great service and great food.

I'm really not sure what has kept me from writing this review for so long...  My guess is I have been hard pressed to find the words to describe how obsessed I am with this restaurant!!
Everything from the Hibachi to the salad (best in town) to the sushi is incredible!!
The only negative is my bank account isn't on the same page as my taste buds!
You definitely cannot go wrong with anything on the Hibachi menu, however my favorite on the sushi front.
The yellowtail sashimi is like a drug that I cannot get enough of!
In addition the salmon sashimi is the freshest in town...
I am yet to get a bad piece!
The unagi is fantastic and if the fish itself wasn't good enough, I have never had better rice under my sushi or on the side!!
My husband orders the beef fried rice...  On occasion we order the egg rolls, which are actual egg rolls!!
My only suggestion if you are ordering take-out on a hot dish, make sure to ask for no lettuce underneath...
They use it as a garnish, however it makes the food taste like old soggy lettuce.
Which is a shame when we forget,  given how incredible the food is!!!
Okay, I will stop now!
Leaving it at, THIS IS A MUST TRY!!!

First time today and definitely won't be the last!
We had the special rolls: kamikaze, grand canyon & tsunami.
So delish!
Their Boba drinks too is a must try.
Service by Mary is excellent.
It's also a kid-friendly place so no worries to bring our little ones inside.

excellent service great staffing very prompt click professional coordinate dinner very well accommodating to all parties love the environment thank you

Food was good fish tasted fresh real nice ambiance, and service was on point.
They have private booths which is really nice and intimate.
Had the fried tofu, yellowtail jalepeno, and other dishes, Great place to take a date.
Would def.
be back soon!

Best Japanese fried rice I've ever had.
Everything I had there is amazing.
Very clean and modern inside.
Fen fen and eddy are the best.

Decent place for sushi.
Nice decor inside and good service.
They have a lot of options for rolls, which I like.
If you like spicy rolls, try the Double Spicy.
Pretty yummy.
All the dishes are put on fancy and big dishes.
Prices seemed decent.
The menu is pretty big as they had Korean, thai and hibachi as well.
The kimchee fried rice is pretty good.
Good portion of it as well.
There's also a sushi bar and televisions for sports games.
It was just not very stroller friendly.
We had to park our stroller in the corner instead of next to our table and put the car seat on the chair.
A warning to the mommies and daddies, don't put your valuables in your strollers just in case.
Also, you can get a free small sake when you check in on Yelp.
I was surprised at this since it was free alcohol.

I was very pleased with the sushi, prices and service we received.
We stopped in 30 minutes before closing on Christmas.
It was our first visit and we will definitely be back.
The fish was fresh and some of the best I've had.

I absolutely loved this place.
I came here with my parents and brother.
We used the yelp check-in to get a free small apple flavored sake.
Although I've never been a huge sake fan, I was curious.
It was decent.
We did have to remind the waitress that we order this, as she forgot.
We weren't extremely hungry so we shared two combinations.
We were able to choose 3 main items for each combo (filet mignon, chicken, shrimp).
We chose 4 filet mignon and 2 chicken.
We also got noodles, fried rice, and veggies.
As you may know, here they cook in front of you.
Our cook was awesome!!
Super personable and funny.
They not only cook in front of you but also put on a show.
They throw ingredients in the air, juggle them, make music with them, etc.
We asked our cook to make our filet the way he likes it.
I don't remember exactly what he did but I remember he cooked it with a bit of apple sauce.
It came out to a medium-ish temp and it was absolutely delicious!!
Everything came out perfect.
He even divided everything for the four of us.
At the end, our cook cut up a piece of shrimp and told us we would be catching it with our mouths.
Lol such a fun experience!
For dessert I had strawberry mochi which was delicious as always.
My brother ordered the tempura ice cream, which I didn't care for.
Usually I like this dessert but the batter was very soft.
We threw our cook a $10 tip.. Not sure if they get tipped out.
I hope they do, as honestly they do more work than the waitress.
Loved this place and can't wait to return :)

Hands down the friendliest and all around best sushi/hibachi restaurant in the area.
We have tried nearly all the Japanese restaurants in south Summerlin, and while they're all pretty good, Ohjah stands out above the rest.
The dining area is very moody and mature, and even when full, it's easy to speak at the table.
The wait-staff are very knowleged in the menu and can quickly recommend choice selections.
Not to mention they are all very friendly.
The hibachi is the real show here.
Every presentation we've had has been on par or better in terms of performance, and the flavor exceeds that of much pricier venues.
The chefs themselves are inviting and easy to talk to as well.
mentioning pricing, it's very reasonable and cheaper than its competitors in the region.
Between me and the Mrs. we spend generally $15-20 less here ordering the same amount elsewhere.
Can't beat that.
If you are on the west side of town and are looking for a great experience, look no further than Ohjah.

This one is becoming one of our favorite teppanyaki style Japanese food.
We usually order the 3 items combo.
The filet mignon is terrific.
Definitely enough for 2 at a great value.
You also get free sake when you check-in.
I love the chefs.
They do an absolute great job.
Dinner with a show.

Stellar sushi!
Excellent service!
Great selections!
I'm in love with the garlic edamame and the Summer Breeze roll!
I once had poor service and immediately went home and contact management via Facebook--I was promptly contacted and the problem resolved!
That being said, one bad experience isn't enough to sway me in a negative direction; I believe in second chances!
Love this place and will continue to return regularly!

We eat sushi here about once a month but last night the sushi and service were both disappointing.
We waited about 5 min for anyone to come greet and seat us.
Once we were seated in one of their cubicles, we waited another 15 min for a waitress to come greet us.. Then she forgot our beer.
Our cold sushi was warm and our hot eel came out cold.

We had Jakk as our server and he was awesome!
We tipped him 20%!
He met our every need and even gave us a birthday dessert.
It was a birthday to remember.
I had the fried wontons.
The dippin sauce had an extra hint of citrus that was delectable.
Then I ate a crunch roll.
My taste buds were tickled with deliciousness.
I finished up with the chicken udon.
Nom nom nom.
This place is worth every penny!

Drove by here for a year and was definitely missing out.
Thought it was a basic teriyaki bowl place and I was wrong!
Very nice interior, lighting, service and food.
Plus it is very affordable.
The sushi was very good and the service is super friendly.
Wide menu choices of traditional cooked Japanese entrees as well as Thai dishes.. At least 4-5 staff members stopped by to welcome me and make sure everything was good and it was.
I definitely recommend Ohjah and will be back!

This is my favorite Japanese Steakhouse and I've tried a lot on my lifetime.
I usually get the hibachi shrimp or hibachi fillet.
This place also carries gluten free soy sauce and will cook yours first so you don't have to worry about cross contamination =].
FYI.
The soup and salad that come with the meal isn't gluten free but everything else is.

Thanks for your great customer service and food!
Love the new environment,  perfect restaurant 4 any occasion,  very accommodating

This place is awesome!
Yes, I'm starting my review with stating that this place was AWESOME!!
I was on vacay in Vegas, & a friend of mine works at Ohjah, so she took us for dinner here.
She ordered this huge boat of sushi and sashimi that was soooo good!
The sashimi (ahi, hamachi, salmon) was superb!
It tasted SO fresh, and the sashimi felt like silk on your tongue!
She also ordered a side of other types of sushi that tasted good too!
But the ONE thing besides the boat of amazing sushi & sashimi that stood out strong in my memory was the green tea tempura ice cream!
Omg!!
One bite and I had a complete mouthgasm!
It's superrrrr good compared to other places I've tried tempura ice cream!
The vanilla tempura ice cream is good too, but the green tea stood out a lot more to me.
It is soooo worth it!
Bottom line: I would recommend eating here.
& I will definitely be back to eat here again!

Great food!!!!
Super friendly staff!!!!!
Good prices!!!!
Will be back again, glad it's so close to home!

We rencelty went there when we were on vacation on 3/14/14.
We had the Ohjah boat and it was plenty of food for myself and my husband.
The fish was very fresh.
They have PBR on tap, which was totally loved, and their mixed drinks were very good as well.
We definately will return the next time we are in Vegas.
Our waitstaff was also very attentive, without being overbearing, and didn't rush us after they brough the check.

Came to this location, with some family, to celebrate my uncle's birthday.
This was one of the places i had selected for my uncle to pick, that was out of the usual places, and his son most likely not having experienced it.
I have been to another location (blue diamond and decatur) before, mid last year, for a friend's birthday.
So liked to try a different location and compare experiences.
We arrived, a little before 7pm, on a tuesday evening.
Seated immediately upon arrival, next to a group of 3, in the back, where their Hibachi (also known as teppanyaki) tables are at.
NOTE: HOT TEA IS $2.25 (not sure if its per person or 1 time group charge.... but they gave a cast iron tea kettle)  Since we were a party of 5 (4 adults, 1 child), most of us had opt'ed for their Hibachi combination.
$28.95 including their Hibachi Basic Entree ($8.95) + 3 items of your choice (excluding kobe beef, halibut, lobster tail, and live seafood).
Their items range from $6 - $9, so essentially, saving on 1 entree.
The only person who didn't get the combination was my mom.
She got the basic entree + lobster tail ($16.95)  Basic entrees include a soup, salad, vegetable (variety of veggies cooked in front of you), and choice of rice (white, brown, fried rice, or fried noodles).
Not going to list what EACH of us got, but in combination, we had ordered the New York Steak (5 oz - $7.25), Filet Mignon (5 oz - $8.55), Shrimp Teppanyaki (3 oz - $6.75), Scallop Teriyaki (5 oz - $8.55), Calamari (7 oz - $6.95), and the above mentioned lobster tail teriyaki (6 oz - $16.95)   The chef did his little performance with the fire and "volcano" act with the onions.
First thing he cooked was the veggies, fried rice, and fried noodles.
Veggies were cooked well and seasoned nicely.
Fried rice had a nice "bite" to it and was cooked and seasoned perfectly.
Fried noodles, a bit towards the salty side.
Too much sauce used.
Afterward, the seafood, and the chicken (not ours, but was part of order for the group of 3 next to us) was cooked.
Calamari was SUPRISINGLY thick (1-2cm) and was cut into cubes.
Cooked perfectly and was super tender.
Not chewy AT ALL !
Scallops were HUGE fresh scallops that were cooked perfectly as well.
Super tender, seasoned perfectly !
Lobster, though on the small side, was cooked ok. May be a little overcooked for my own preference, but seasoned nicely.
Not sure when he removed the shell either.
After all the seafood was cooked, the new york steaks, and the filet mignon's were cooked.
(yes chicken was still being cooked, slowly on the side).
To my surprise, the chef may have cooked the new york steak better than the filet mignon.
Everyone in my party, ordered medium rare, whereas the other party, had medium.
To be honest, i think all our pieces were medium to medium well.
Though i had said the chef may have cooked the NY steak better, but doesn't mean it was well cooked.
Both cuts of beef were overcooked to what we had ordered causing it to be a little chewy and dry, especially the filet mignon, being a lean cut of meat, but supposed to be tender due to the nature of it being a tenderloin.
OH !
With EACH phones check-in to yelp, you get a FREE small bottle of hot sake.
We had gotten two bottles from using my check in and my mom's.
Their sake was light.
Fairly smooth to drink.
Overall experience was not bad.
Performance ive seen better.
Cook on various things, was good and bad, depending on the item.
I think i'd prefer the blue diamond location more, experience wise, even though this one is much closer.

This restaurant has excellent food and the service was excellent as well.
It's located right on the corner of Hualapai and Flamingo.
I think it is where Denny's use to be.
They have a sushi bar, dining room, and a section with hibachi tables.
They offer a nice menu that's consists of Japanese dishes, sushi, and Hibachi style cooking.
I sat at one of the Hibachi tables.
It was the usual show put on like every other Hibachi place, but as always it was funny and entertaining.
The filet tasted just fine and it was cooked just they way I requested.
The sushi rolls were also very good.
As far as the appetizer menu goes, I would definitely recommend the Japanese spring roll and the super white tuna appetizer with jalapeños.
I noticed other items on the menu I would like to order such as; all of the udon dishes and the Sukiyaki for sure.
I think I will be heading back there soon.
Stop in and give it a go!

Good Hibachi joint.
Prices were reasonable, drinks were good.
Flavoring of the fried rice and some of the grilled dishes could have been a little better.

If you like green mussels.....this is a must try  delicious  yum!
So is everything I have tried there thus far

As usual, yelp is the place to find the yummiest places to eat.
Went here with my boyfriend for a casual dinner and we sat in a booth for just a normal dinner.
The place is really nice and clean, and I really like the details they put into for the design.
Our waitress was really nice and friendly.
She explained things to us about the menu items, which was very helpful.
Also, she gave us suggestions on what to eat, which is pretty helpful for us first-timers here.
She was very patient bcs we did take quite awhile to choose what to eat.
Finally settled and ordered and our food got to our table pretty quickly !
The pre-meal started with soup and a salad.
& the salad was super yummy !!!!
I really enjoyed it.
It was light and the sauce was the best part.
The soup was very simple, which was nice.
We tried the onion soup bcs it was something new & different from the usual miso soup.
We also got the fresh half shell oysters ($5.95 for 3) and it was yummy !
I love oysters.
Though if you're an oyster fanatic, there are better places out there than this.
But I guess it satisfied my small craving.
When we got our food, we were so surprised as to how big the plate and portions were.
It really fills you up !
The food was super yummy and looked amazing !!!!
Like it so pretty.
& on a side note, I was half way done with my meal, and I noticed something a little off, so I mentioned it to our waitress.
She was really nice and sincere about the whole thing and brought her manager over to take care of us.
He apologized and quickly got myself a brand new meal replacement.
It was really nice of them and they weren't butt faces about it (unlike some restaurants).
Overall, we really enjoyed our experience !
Definitely will be back bcs the people there are so lively and friendly.
They really do care about the customer and go beyond expectations.
As for the food, yummy and fills you up !
Next time, we'll be back to try the sushi and the hibachi grill !
So until next time (:

Very happy with my experience here.
Went to try their sushi, ended up ordering the yakigyu and fried rice for our toddler (he only picks at sushi).
Tried the Golden Gate roll, Captain, & Dragon no avocado plus cream cheese.
They were all part of the special rolls, which offers 3 special rolls for $23.95.
The Dragon was topped with thinly sliced seared eel, just what I prefer.
I've had Dragon rolls with large hunks of eel on top in the past, was not a fan.
This one was sweet and creamy (cream cheese) with the tempura crunch.
Next was the Captain- cucumber and spicy with sliced albacore and fried onion topping.
Seriously good balance of flavors, fresh fish.
Added ginger to spice it up, I love a SPICY tuna, just personal preference.
;)  Last was the Golden Gate which was the perfect ending.
Shrimp tempura, Cucumber, crab with variety of fresh fish sliced on top and CRUNCH.
this was my fave!
Very fresh fish.
Next time I'm going for the sashimi, the table next to us had the boat of sashimi, nigiri, & rolls...but I like to dip my toes at sushi places with rolls first, to see how quality their product is before diving into sashimi.
Skip the yakigyu, beef skewers...very dry.
Could have shot it at our neighbors sushi boat, for a good battle.
One HUGE surprise was their fantastic fried rice.
I never would have ordered something like that there...glad we did.
It was clean, fresh, flavorful.
I haven't had a good fresh fried rice that's not homemade since I don't know when.
They all end up tasting like soy sauce greasy onions.
Not this one.
Our server was great.
She was friendly and had good timing.
She took our drink order ASAP, gave us time to look, checked in, we needed more time, she happily obliged, checked in when we were ready, filled our waters and kept the sake flowing.
All with an authentic smile and calmness even when they got busy.
Really couldn't ask for more there.
One disclaimer- 3 rolls was more than plenty for 2!

LOVED THIS PLACE!
this is now my honey and i new fave spot .
The food was wonderful the service was great and the prices weren't that bad .
My bf even tried sushi for the first time!
I forsure plan on going back !
The food was too die for !

Amazing teppanyaki grilled meal.
We had Eddie as our chef and he was absolutely amazing.
One of the best we've ever had in terms of entertainment.
The atmosphere was wonderful...darker lit, (which I didn't mind at all) and very classy.
Dress casual or be more dressy...doesn't matter.
Need a fabulous place to eat for 2 for less than $50?
(2 grill meals, soda, one glass of wine).
I highly recommend this place!
Cheers!

Never been to a teppanyaki restaurant before and needless to say, I'll be back here!
The atmosphere was fun yet not seeming crowded.
Out chef was fantastic and the way he prepared the calamari was so yummy!
Fantastic time all around!

I eat at Ohjah at least a few times every month, and it's become my go-to place for sushi.
The fish is fresh, the staff is incredibly friendly, and the prices are reasonable (not cheap, but reasonable).
My one complaint is that this location isn't open for lunch.

I like going here.
It is very convenient for me, specially if I want some Japanese / Hibachi /  Thai dish in one place.
My son loves their crunch roll and the spider roll.
Love that you get a discount with LVAC membership card.
I'd recommend this place.

Awesome food, awesome service.
The best way to do teppanyaki without breaking the bank or having to drive down to the strip.
We have been here many times for birthdays, Mother's Day, etc.
I highly recommend Eddy!

First off very nice interior design.
You just don't expect this when you drive up.
Service excellent the staff was nice professional and very friendly.
Glasses never got empty they were so attentive.
Food was great had the trepan and the best we have had.
The menu had so many good items as we'll and the sushi looked awesome.
We are coming back to try the sushi.
There are many Japanese and sushi places in Summerlin but this place is a hidden gem.
You have to try it.

This establishment is decorated very well and has an upscale,  classy feel to it.
The food here will no doubt exceed your expectations and the staff here really shows you that they truly want your business.
Note: Their ginger salad dressing was amazing

Amazing service amazing food.
Just amazing!!!!!!!
Will only eat here when we visit Vegas

Got a coupon in the mail and decided to try this place out a couple weeks ago.
We are so glad that we gave it a try!
We went for the hibachi- I got the steak dinner and my boyfriend got chicken and we shared both meats.
Our friend got the filet minion and said it was delicious.
Where else can you get a 5oz.
filet meal for $20??
For about $20 per person you get a perfect amount of food and a little bit of entertainment.
I have no complaints about the quality of the food and service.
We will definitely be back again and the coupons for free appetizer/sake, etc.
certainly are a bonus!

Great food and atmosphere.
The manager I think his name is Jack went out of his way to make sure everything was fine.
We had sushi.
The boat.
A lot of food for a great price.

The food and service is the best that I have had at a place like this.
Our chef was excellent as well.
We had the filet and it was just as good as an expensive steak restaurant.
Will def come back next time I am in Vegas.

This place was awesome....seated very quickly.no waiting.
Sonny our cook was friendly and funny.
I did a sake bomb and the made a 7up with syrup for my son(non alcoholic).
My 3year old cried during the fire parts.
But had a great time.
The food taste soooo goood.
We will make sure we come again and again.

My favorite sushi & Japanese steakhouse in Las Vegas!
The prices are great, the food is always fresh and the service is amazing.
we love getting the sushi platters to split because they are huge and very affordable ( enough to feed 4!
) Celebrated my birthday dinner there last night and I can't complain about a thing.
They even brought out a delicious green tea cake with a candle on it and sang happy birthday.

Found this hidden Gem on Yelp.
So glad I did.
The hibachi chef was entertaining and sociable.
The hibachi was just as good.
Also had sushi.
Sushi was good, not excellent, but considering the reasonable price I give it an extra star.
The interior decor is much more attractive than the odd tinted windows visible from the exterior.
I would recommend this restaurant for a date.
Don't forget to checkin on Yelp for free saki!!

So surprising how amazing the food is here.
This is the first time I have given 5 stars, and Ohjah truly deserves it.
An unassuming location and building opens up to a truly wonderful experience.
Sushi rolls are delicious and well balanced mix of flavor, texture and rice, entrees flavorful and melt in your mouth delicious.

This place is amazing!
When you drive up an park you do not expect hat you walk into, it very elegant and the people are very friendly.
We sat down and they took our drink order right away and brought us onion soup right away.
We looked at the menu and couldn't believe the prices they were extremely reasonable.
When we were done they immediately took our dinner order.
We received our salad after our dinner order was taken and the dressing was amazing.
Our chef came to the table and put on a great show while he cooked, he was very friendly and entertaining, he even interacted with the customers at the table, which was fun.
The food was cook to perfection, the filet was so tender in melted in your mouth.
This is definitely one place I will visit time and time again, with family and friends for any occasion.

Our go to spot!
Prices increased a bit but still reasonable.
Our favorites are the 3 roll special and the yakisoba dishes.
Everything is delicious.
Great service and nice atmosphere.

