First visit, they just opened today.
(They were still fitting the letters for the sign outside) It used to be the Rutland Hotel Bar.
It is a change.
Prices are reasonable considering it is an hotel bar.
As it is a short visit I cannot comment on the atmosphere - well new paint smell comes today as a given.
The staff did obviously have not yet been supplied with an uniform.
They were all lovely and very helpful.
They are still part of the hotel itself and Wifi works as expected.
A fine beer list (Irin Kichiban and Leffe!).
Most likely we will visit again soon as it is a central meeting point.

Out of the blue, The Rutland Bar suddenly became The Huxley.
There was little warning or reason as to why.
This is one of the closest bars to our office so 10 of us paid it a visit for lunch today after we were let down by The Hanging Bat.
It isn't vastly different to how it was when it was the Rutland but it is most definitely improved.
We were all sitting in a comfy big booth out the way.
We were surrounded by funny vintage signs for things such as 'nervous pills', which gave us plenty to look at whilst waiting for our food.
The menu is really interesting, there is a section of light bites which all sound delicious, such as haggis and a duck egg on toast with HP sauce.
But I was starving and needed something more substantial and went for the Chicago hot dog.
It was about £7 and was served with fries.
They were nothing special but the hot dog was devine.
The staff were on top form, really friendly and keen to impress with the newly styled name and look.
Overall, a definite improvement and i lovely place for a drink or bite to eat.
Only thing is, they need to work on their promotion and their social media, customers are keen to talk so they should be open for some banter :)

I had received an email earlier in the week from The Huxley about their opening and that they were promoting 25% off all food.
After a Saturday full of shopping I was exhausted and easily coerced my boyfriend into going out for a few drinks.
I remembered the email I had received and The Huxley was on our way home.
They have a pretty good selection of beers on draught and and interesting cocktail menu - cocktails range from £6-7.
I was really impressed the the staff!
They were all very friendly (especially after one of us spilled a drink and consequently broke a glass).
After a few drinks and seeing other people around us eating we decided to order burgers.
I had the burger with blue cheese and bacon while my partner had chilli/Mexican one.
Oh god!
That burger was amazing.
It was a smaller serving than what other gastropubs in Edinburgh serve but there were two patties on this one (see the picture I added).
The burger was well seasoned and was perfectly cooked.
I was and still am really impressed!
Note that the 25% all food runs until the end of the week I believe - check their website!
Well worth a visit!

I've only been to the Huxley for drinks but in general I'm a fan of it.
It's near the office which is a major boon for it for a start.
They've restructures the old rutland bar and made it a much more usable space.
Whereas before it was all big chairs and awkwardly high stools.
They now have a more usable bar space which looks good to hang out at.
A good waiting area if you're waiting to meet someone - this is really good for meeting people for business meetings.
Before you had to hover uncertainly among the diners.
I think that I have a slight issue with the fact that the beers could have been done better.
They have a FEW good taps and a couple decent bottles but I think they could have done more.
It's also rather expensive.
We had some olive things with a sort of sauce.
These were excellent although my friend ate most of them (he had paid for them)   I will update once I've been once more and perhaps bought some food.

I really like what The Huxley have done to this space, and especially on their menus: both food, and cocktail.
Previously the Rutland Bar, which had been around for a fair while, a makeover and change of name can do the world of good.
I always liked the Rutland, but it felt very much like a bar to have meetings in, or a subdued drink.
The Huxley has a great vibe midweek.
I've yet to visit at the weekend.
But yknow what?
As far as a bar for a mid-week after-work drink and munchies goes, it's pretty good.
I've heard amazing things about their burgers and hot dogs.
I will be back to try these (the burgers come with two patties per bun?!
)  When I came, I tried a Grapefruit Mojito and it was really fresh and delicious.
When a bar isn't specifically a 'cocktail bar' I can be very suspicious.
So many times a cocktail can come unmuddled, or with chunky ice instead of crushed, and it can just taste like watery, alcohol with a sprinkling of fruit.
Not at The Huxley.
I happened to meet the mixologist at the bar, who was very proud of all his creations (he has made all the recipes) and was really keen to make some cocktails for me.
I love this kind of energy and passion.
There were some delicious looking numbers there too.
The food menu is also really unusual, inspired and different.
Hot dogs are, well, so hot right now.
But there were also nibbles like Poached Duck Egg with black pudding and chorizo.
Or a Scotch Dug Egg with HP sauce.
Or Mini Chipolatas with dip, which I had.
And the Battered Sole, with a side of seaweed salad.
Note: do not put half the seaweed salad in your mouth at once.
It tastes like the sea.
Like the sea and fish.
I used to have a through-and-through phobia of fish.
It was not pleasant.
I am assured, however, that a little nibble of the seafood salad is quite pleasant.
The Huxley is a new bar, and new bars take a while to settle into themselves.
I hope it goes from strength to strength, however, as you can see they've put a lot of thought into the new food menu, the cocktail menu, and the new decor.
Now, when can I go back for a burger?

Genuine waitstaff... Good greasy burger and fries... Great funky feeling!

this review will be short and sweet (rather like the cocktail i had) as i was only in the huxley briefly for a pre-dinner drink.
my first reaction on walking in the door was a bit of astonishment as the place is completely different from the rutland bar that previously inhabited the location.
and completely different in a very excellent way!
gone are all the tall dark chairs and dark colours that made the bar well very dark.
instead there are softer colours with smaller normal sized chairs and a brightly white tiled war with the taps behind the bar.
there are also so cosy arm chairs but again remaining a normal size not the monster size ones that the rutland had.
the drinks menu is rather short, but i don't think this place is aiming to be an extensive cocktail bar as they have a fairly large selections of beers.
so much more a place to have a beer, which suits the menu of burgers and hot dogs.
however, the cocktail list does have a good choice and i went for the breakfast mojito while the boyfriend went for the full moon.
our drinks took a wee bit of time to arrive, but i watched the bartender making them fresh so it's nice to know that they take care when mixing up drinks and the taste shows their effort is worth it.
my mojito was a lovely twist on the original.
made with grapefruit juice limes and mint it was very fresh tasting.
i could actually see how this might compliment a breakfast haha!
my boyfriend's drink was quite nice as well the blue moon beer added a nice creamy touch while the bourbon gave it a good kick.
so first impressions are good and we've both decided we need to go back and try some of the food.
so look out for an update once i've sampled more of the menu :)

We took the previous positive reviews as a good sign so popped in last night.
Their beer selection is pretty good, from a range of countries, both draught and bottle.
We ordered the potato wedges and they were AMAZING.
Proper potato, hand cut, cooked to perfection and piping hot!
They come with one bowl of chilli sauce and one of sour cream - the really creamy, full-fat version stuff which was glorious.
At £4 it was a decent price for them.
We also tried the regular chips, which are more like fries (£3).
They were good, but nothing compared to those wedges.
The rest of the menu I can't comment upon as I'm coeliac and a lot of it was bread, bread, bread... but for the potato wedges I'd definitely go back.
Service was very prompt and all the staff were attentive and polite.
It was a Tuesday night, though, so it remains to be seen what it's like when it's heaving.

We revisited 7 days later to see if the potato wedges were still as good - and everything was!
Same great service, same great wedges and plenty of seats available (for another Tuesday).
We also decided to sample more of the food menu.
Being coeliac I had fewer choices, but the waiters were really helpful (one has a mum who's coeliac so he knew his stuff).
I had the chilli cheese hot dog (with extra fries in lieu of the bun).
Excellent chilli (no kidney beans as that's not the proper way, apparently) served on the side because "Chef wanted to make it nice since there is no bread".
What a nice man!
Husband had the Huxley burger (no cheese).
He thought it reeeaaallllly good - just the right size, nice and juicy, with the bun an interesting, almost glazed thing rather than the usual flour/sesame atrocities that can be served in some places.
Plenty of fries for him, too.
For beer I stuck with a Kirin which is OK for me and when Husband said he wanted something different the waiter brought him two samples to try.
Nice touch.
So, we'll be going back again (and again!
) to The Huxley.

The Huxley is new, but it seems to have got a lot of thing right compared to the former Rutland Bar.
Located at the west end (beside all the never ending tram works) The Huxley has good beer and good banter and unlike the previous incarnation it doesn't become a ghost town after 8pm when the office workers head home.
The staff are friendly and fairly efficient, keeping the alcohol flowing and the tables clear of glassware.
The hot dog I had was tasty, though the soup one of our party had looked to me to be on the small side.
The bar is nicely finished and as seems to be the trend the beer taps are fitted into the back wall, I used to find this odd as the staff have to turn their back on the patrons however it has the advantage of avoiding the crass plastic pumps that adorn most bars and seem to get bigger every year...
Overall then a good bar with decent beer and food alongside a good vibe, what is not to like.

This place has changed again, seriously?
Being a frequent(ish) visitor to Edinburgh I find that this place is different every time I'm in town.
I believe it has changed hands more times a parcel during a game of pass the parcel played by a group of hyperactive kids.
The Huxley is a fantastic looking place however, it's obvious that the owners have splashed out on some very tasteful furniture and decor.
The staff were also very friendly, the bar well stocked and there was a nice selections of draught beers on offer.
I also enjoyed the music, not too loud and added nicely to the vibe of the place.
Prices however are pretty steep, something which I'm sure the owners realise.
You can tell they are after a certain type of clientèle here, as you are greated at the door by a YAT (young attractive female).
Had a wee swatch at the food as it passed and it looked pretty tasty.
Nice place for a wee upmarket drink if your in this neck of the woods.

Since my last review, I've come back for a burger and loved it so much I came back again.
For me, The Huxley will be my 'I want a brilliant burger' spot.
There are lots of places in Edinburgh doing burgers, gastropub style (giant buns, with a huge round burger that you can't eat in one mouthful for fear of getting jaw lock).
The Huxley burgers are different.
Two thin patties on a thinner bun.
More like the type you see in American diners.
But the quality is exceptional.
Linked to Kyloe steak restaurant upstairs, they're using steak meat for their burgers.
And they are cooked medium.
And have a beautiful chargrilled, BBQ taste.
Unlike any other burger I've tasted in Edinburgh.
The Huxley have taken a tried and tested favourite - a burger - and done something different with it, and done it very well.
The bar itself can be quite busy, and given the district, full of suited folk after work.
The vibe is a bit different to my preferred kinda bar.
I like laid back and not too dressy or fancy, whereas i might feel out of place here in my muddy boots and dressed down chic look on a Friday night.
But I came here on a Saturday afternoon for a burger and it was a nice mixed bunch.
And that is just my personal preference and style.
It's a great bar and will suit a lot of folk, but as I dont wear a suit to work, I just might be out of place a little.
I also love what they're doing with their cocktail menu.
I got speaking to the cocktail guy behind the bar one night, and he comes up with all the recipes and mixes up new cocktails.
They're definitely not generic and repeats.
That's the whole thing with The Huxley.
It's taken a tried and tested formula - bar in West End with lots of post-work folk looking for food and drink, who generally like bar snacks, burgers, hot dogs and cocktails - and put their own unique spin on it, with a delicious and distinctive outcome.
From the outside it may look like a 'west end bar' but inside you'll find really delicious food cooked very well, and a very unusual cocktail list with a whole bar full of interesting beers too.
Go, enjoy the burger, thank me later.

I didn't understand the cocktail menu so opted for the classic & sophisticated French martini !

Very rarely have I been so conflicted about a place as I am with the Huxley.
The place has a nice feel, is well lit, decorated.....lots of interesting furnishings that you notice the longer you spend there.
£15 for a bottle of prosecco too is always going to be a win for me.
Their food to read is interesting if a little "fryer centric", so this Sunday few frioends and our mums went for some prosecco and ordered a heap of their small plates to share.
Fish goujons - dry and under seasoned Panko olives - liiiiiiiike Wedges - liiiiiiiike Beef tacos - weirdly on top of a napkin that then stuck to the food Meat platter - tasty Chicken wings - RAW!!!!
Yep raw chicken - for what is actually a good professional kitchen......unforgivable to me and yep im now suffering the consequences!
Sort it out Huxley!!!!
When you do I might come back!

HAGGIS HOTDOG!
Decided on The Huxley after the place we attempted to initially find was closed on Sundays.
Sad times and we were hungry!
But The Huxley was open Hurrah!
As I've capitalised: HAGGIS HOTDOG!
My first taste of haggis, it's not that bad, it actually tasted better than the BBQ dog, which was too sweet in my opinion.
Also, I think they might have taken on the comments from other reviewers, because the HH came in a baguette and that was lovely.
I'm thinking I should've got something beef though, because of other reviews and also there's a cow model next to the entrance and one coming out of the balcony above it?

Waiting for a bus and want to get out of the rain?
Looking for a good cheap glass of wine while you wait?
Then this is the place for you!
I came in after walking by this place for the millionth time , after deciding that I had some time to kill and I wanted some wine .
Very nice interior and enjoyed the vibes it puts off.
I could sit in a little nook and enjoy some vino while I read or people watched.
The interior is very open and I feel like to me sophisticated.
Loved the service and the wine I had was excellent !
I will be coming back for food and this review will be updated!

Ahhhh, the Huxley.
The latest incantation of the pub at the corner of the West End.
It continues in the tradition of its forbearers - distinctly average.
It's all so well-engineered and presented that it loses any charm or interesting element.
They do decent cocktails, but I'm not a huge cocktail fan so it's a bit lost on me.
They do a decent range of beers, but they all fall under the "Standard Life employee" price tag.
I'd rather go to the Hanging Bat for a beer.
I haven't eaten here so can't comment on the food.
The bathrooms have this weird little hole in the wall so you can see when blokes are washing their hands.
Not sure how I feel about that oddity (bit creepy?).
However, it's handily placed for catching up with old friends and is ideal for the bus stop.
So it has its merits.
It's just fine.
I think this place continues to endure because of its location.

I was very excited to try out The Huxley.
The menu is divine.
Unfortunately the reality wasnt quite so much.
We started with the fried panko crusted olives with an alioli dipping sauce.
Not sure if this was more of a technical flaw but the olives used were just too meaty and large.
Would have preferred the smaller olives.
I didnt enjoy the dish so much.
Then we had burgers.
The cheesburger and the Philly cheesesteak.
First off the cheeseburger was dry.
Not a fan of the two patties, who are they trying to copy?
The Big Mac!?
Not a good idea.
Also the Philly Cheesesteak was not just that.
It was a burger with peppers.
Not really that exciting.
You can get better burgers elsewhere as far as I'm concerned.

Maybe Hustlers, not Huxley?
So, similar to Jurgen's statements below, this place creates a conflict of emotions in my mind that gives me a pain right behind my right eyeball.
I have been a couple times and I just feel that for all the effort they are putting in, they are missing the final touches that would make this a commendable establishment.
I really enjoyed its previous incarnation and was genuinely excited when I heard about this new concept.
So their premise is sound, a relaxed quality establishment that serves good value US style food and quality beverages, with the appropriate level of service - which is expected.
This venue has always been synonymous with quality, well thought out concepts - see Kyloe upstairs for an example of how to get it right every time.
My problem here is that it doesn't really do what it says on the tin.
The food is fine, not great, and reasonably priced - a frustration when you know the quality produce that is getting pounded out left right and centre on the 1st floor.
The wine list and cocktails are relatively accessible, but certainly not setting my world on fire.
The beer selection is AVERAGE, they have something like 10 pumps, and nothing overly exciting that you can't get in the majority of new boozers in town, the same goes for their bottled range.
The service is the part that makes this a well below par joint, and I know that will come as a surprise to a lot of people.
I am ok if you want your team to be super cool, with trendy beards and tattoos all over the place, Timberyard pull it off without any effort whatsoever.
But you need to make sure that these guys understand the basics of service.
For example, if I order a beer at the bar and am told to take a seat and somebody will bring it over, then I don't expect it to take over 10 minutes to come.
I also expect seasoned bar tenders to be able to deal with more than one order at a time.
If you are offering table service, then make sure I get checked back on, and maybe offer me another beer before this one runs out, it's basic service.
Finally, if you tell me I am ok to run a tab then make sure the bill is correct at the end of the night, my most recent visit was borderline attempted theft as the sheer volume of rogue drinks and 'double entries' on a bill which should have been a couple bottles of wine and a handful of pints was arguably more than just human error.
Like I said, a good concept, poorly executed.

We really enjoyed this restaurant!
The food was very good.
I ordered the turkey hot dog and it was delicious!
They also have a fun selection of cocktails.
The atmosphere is relaxed and the decor is really unique.

It is a shame to have to knock off a star, but the Huxley has been quite disappointing as of late.
The service is really good.
The food is very tasty.
My current issues is with the loudness of the bar.
It doesn't matter where I stand/sit I have to shout to get myself heard.
The other thing is the tables, the wooden type barrel top tables are nice to look at, but when you lean on them with any kind of fabric, they get stuck to the table.
I found this out with one of my favourite jumpers, some of it may still be part of that table.
I understand these tables are not easy to clean, but it happens to be really sticky and that can't be the idea behind this.
So for that 1 star off.

