Tried this out for the first time, it was good, though I was not super impressed, partially my fault.
I ordered the Over Easy which I loved, the brioche was great and the eggs were amazing and melded well into the bread.
She had the corned beef hash, which we did not like at all, then again I have never had corned beef hash that wasn't from a Filipino restaurant, or that I made on my own.
We also tried the biscuits and gravy, I enjoyed it, but it wasn't as flavorful as I thought, but then again I was drinking a cup of black coffee and she had the amazing iced coffee.
The service was exemplary and I would come again to try some French toast and waffles.

Had to try this spot after a recommendation from a close friend.
While the decor is alittle sparse, probably because it just opened, it had a very bright and cheerry feeling.
Just what you want first thing in the morning to get yourself moving.
Order the fresh squeezed orange juice, the Cheddar Jalapeno Biscuits and Sausage Gravy, and a side of Home Fries.
The orange juice was pretty good for bing fresh squeezed, the Home fries were cut a little thin for me, but the Cheddar Jalapeno Biscuits and Sausage Gravy was wonderful.
I usually , like my gravy thicker, but since this was made fresh, I understand why is wasn't as thick as I like.
But the flavors all worked wonderfully.
The wait staff was very attententive, even as the restaurant began to fill up.
I was told that the later in the morning it does get busy, so if I were you, I would try to get here early, even if the food is worth the wait.

Had to try Over Easy out this weekend after reading about it this week on Chow Bella.
I wanted to love this place but walked away with only a like.
I will give it one more try as my table mates were happy with their selections, me not so much.
Mediterranean omelet-great Brioche French toast - so good Eggs with sautéed wild mushrooms and herbs-fail.
Someone in the kitchen needs to learn how to sauté mushrooms.
Mine were steamed,not sautéed....ruined the taste of the mushrooms.
Such a disappointment.
One last thing......yes the OJ was very good, but at $6.00 a glass,ummm maybe not that good

Good solid breakfast spot.
The best part is that this is not a chain, which is rare in Mesa.
Had the Mediterranean omelet, which was very good.
Whole leaves of baby spinach throughout.
I got sweet potato tots (great, but I was so full after the eggs that I didn't eat many) and English muffin on the side, which looked like they made in house (not sure if they do, but it was legit.
)  My husband loved his Mile High omelet, and everybody else got pancakes.
The restaurant was packed, which is a good sign for this area.
We will definitely be back.

OverEasy has a fresh menu.
You can tell the food is freshly made, no hash browns stored overnight, etc.
Portion size tends to be on the large size.
Price is reasonable for the food and service.
My only complaint is that the outdoor seating is not inviting at all.
It is sitting in a parking lot.
The only barrier is a wrought iron gate.
A few strategically placed plants and umbrellas might go a long way here.

With limited, decent places for breakfast in the far East Valley, Over Easy is a keeper.
I had the Mediterranean Omelet today; it was wonderful.
My server, Matt, was very good...attentive without being overbearing.
I will definitely be coming back.

Easter Brunch was on our schedule for today we had several local restaurants to choose from with food specials for the Holiday.
I called around 11:30 am to check wait times for Easter Brunch receptionist said no waiting that surprised me, I gathered the family and off to Over Easy we went.
My past experience was great at the Phoenix location, I could not wait till this new location opened.
I arrived around noon to Over Easy and the dining room had only 8 tables full and 85% of the location was vacant and this is Easter Sunday.
!!!!!
We were seated with menus and our first contact with the server it was 8 minutes from the time we were seated, remember Easter Sunday.
The staff in Over Easy out numbered the customers.
The server took our food and drink order, The food arrived quicker then the wait to order, The jalapeno cheddar biscuits were cold with a the gravy was bland that tasted like sweet cold flour gravy.
The hash browns were hash blacks and two of the three orders were burnt black, we sent one order back.The Mile High Omelet was 50 percent cheese with small amount of ham, peppers and onions.
The chocolate chip pancakes ordered special for the kid had little or no chocolate chips.
We ordered two cups of coffee and one water, the coffee cups were dirty with a brown-coffee film in both cups, I had to rub the inside of the cups to remove the old dirty coffee stain.
the water glass was cracked and served that way, The server stated the cups were older and stained.
This location has been open only 3 months how can the cups be old they were filthy not washed properly.
Last issue was the staff  loading the orange juice machine with oranges in a box that was on the floor and put on the breakfast bar were customers eat that was not expected.
The Over Easy experience fell way short of our previous experience , The server expressed our concerns to the manager who discounted or bill.
The manager never came to the table to voice her actions with the customer.
I thought that any contact with the manager showing concern would help address our issues, I guess the being a customer at the Mesa Over Easy is not a priority.
I had to apologize to my family of my poor choice for our family Easter Brunch

Ate at the original location in Phoenix and loved it.
This location was just as good.
We have been there three times.
I agree $6 for a glass of OJ is pricey.
Waffle dogs:).

This has become a regular Sunday breakfast spot.
I like pretty much everything on the menu I have tried so far, but I've found that I don't universally love every component of a meal.
For example, I'm not a big fan of their hollandaise sauce, which seems overpowering (sad because I love eggs benedict), or the sourdough toast (oddly spongey).
I love their OJ and other drink options, and I've never left hungry.

My husband and I love this place.
We don't have very many good breakfast places near our house and we were so excited to find this place!
We have been going there every weekend for a couple months now.
My favorite is the croatian spinach loaf although the pancakes are always good.
And I'm normally a pancake and french toast kind of girl but this is so good I don't miss them!
My husband has tried the breakfast burrito, omelates, steak and eggs plus the chilaquiles.
All very good!
Everyone is really nice and the manager and one of the servers, Laura, always come up to say hi which I like.
I feel at home here and we plan on making this our regular breakfast place.

Based on my wife's positive experiences at the other Over Easy locations, we decided to try the Mesa location.
The food is good, we both had omelettes that were prepared well.
The iced coffee is awesome, it's like dessert in a glass.
The reason for my lackluster rating is the state of the men's bathroom.
It was horrible.
The mirror has "gang style" writing scratched into it.
The paper towel dispenser was empty.
The tile floor doesn't look like it had been cleaned for several years.
Worst of all, it smelled terrible.
For a restaurant that has been open for several months, I would think that these issues would have been addressed,  I wish I hadn't used the restroom prior to eating breakfast, it really turned me off.
It makes me wonder how clean the kitchen is?

This is a great place to eat.
My favorite dish is Gary's Croatian Spinach Loaf.
It may sound odd, but trust me, it is delicious!

This place is awesome.
Basic menu, AMAZING FOOD!
Everything is good.
Had the Biscuits and Gravy, Cheddar Jalapeno biscuits, awesome.
Corn Beef hash is maybe the best I have ever had.
Take a change and try anything!

We went on a hangover Sunday and when we walked in the place was packed and super loud so we decide to eat on the patio- if that option wasn't avail we would have left it was that loud.
I ordered the egg sandwich with tots and a side of the Brioche French toast both were amazing.
My husband ordered the pollo loco omelette and that was also very good.
Our waitress was super nice and even though the place was slammed we felt well taken care of.
The menu has tons of choices and the price was right.
There was a woman eating alone crying so we decided to pick up her meal and the manager came over and gave us a 20% off coupon which I thought was super nice!
We will for sure return

I appreciate when a restauranter ventures to the restaurant waist land of ne mesa to give us a chance to enjoy a better selection of grub.
I have been here 4 times now and have experienced a good breakfast with mediocre service to great service and medicore food yester day i had the  wolfpack hashbrowns with 2 eggs and bacon covered with more hashbrowns i requested eggs poached med.
they came more to the hard side when one of the employs asked me how my eggs were i said there more to the hard side ,she said   O and walked away  I then asked for a side of holindaise my wait person brought it to me ......cold ....i said can you heat this she of course said no problem .....brought it back an over micro waved sauce that now looked like cottage cheese sent to my table by the (chef???
) and delivered by the waitperson  didnt either one of them think lets redo this and not serve a coagulated mess to the customer.
i must say the 4 times iv been here theres always been something not quite right from not having change for a $20 to waiting to long for my food  and yesterdays holindaise debacle.

Decided to go here one Friday morning after hearing the hype.
The restaurant was mildly busy, about 5 other families.
The hostess was pleasant as was our waitress.
The restaurant décor was cute with its vintage feel.
I also enjoyed the fun 50's music playing!
I rated this so poorly due to a few things... First off, we wanted orange juice but quickly noticed it was... $6.00 a glass!!!
Now, if this were Phoenix or Scottsdale, I could understand the price!
I could also understand the price if it were AMAZING and made from exotic oranges.
Sadly, it was neither.
My husband ordered the ham combo and it tasted great.
I ordered the waffles with strawberries and cream.
Sounded delicious, tasted mediocre and was $8.00!!!!!!!
The waffle was the size of a small 6inch plate and had maybe 4 strawberry slices and 2 small scoops of whipped topping.
The quality was far from $8.00 worthy!
I've had better waffles at IHOP!
In also want to mention, the waitress really pushed the large Wolfpack combo.
Now there is one for $8.50, but that was not the one she was pushing, it was the $16.00 one!!
She recommend it like, 4-5 times.
We thought that was odd and maybe just our waitress, but when watching the other's, they all pushed it.
Which made not only us, but several other customers uncomfortable.
We actually had a conversation with the people at the table next to us about it.
They too were shocked at the inconsistency of the pricing and the quality of the food.
Needless to say, we will not be back.
We would rather visit IHOP, Crackers & Co, or Wildberries.

ok food.
Service a VERY slow.
The table was dirty and the window ledge was full of dead bugs.
The server was very slow and didn't pay much attention.
What looked like managers were standing around the front podium staring out the front door.
We waited a good ten mintues to get the check.
We wont be going back.
You can get a better breakfast at IHOP or maybe even Denny's.

Food was good but not great.
I had the Chicken fried steak and the only complaint was that it wasn't crispy but soggy from frying.
The prices were a bit more than you regular breakfast establishment  but service was good.
One other thing cost this place a star.... the noise.
Busy places have noise but a restaurant should be able to find decor elements to keep sound from echoing so bad... this is not a place to have a conversation in.

My wife and I came here after reading some of the previous reviews.
This restaurant was clean and the service good.
The food was ok, the portions generous.
As was pointed out in another review, we felt the food and ambiance didn't reflect the price that was charged.

Beware......groupons and living social deals are only good mon- thurs.....read the fine print.
Decent food and service but holy cow.....breakfast was 30 bucks for me and my girl with 4 dollar tip.. 3.50 for a small glass of apple juice, 2.50 for a cup of coffee.
7-9 bucks for everything else.
Interior decor needs a designer.......at once!

poor service, took 10 minutes to get water.
Never got refilled.
Food was slightly more interesting than IHOP or Denny's but about the same quality.
Great place to go after a night of drinking I suppose.
We won't be back, just wasn't impressed.

Overall, the food was awesome.
Breakfast is kinda hard to mess up but this place takes it up a notch.
A little pricy, but the service was super friendly.

Can you say Chilaquiles?
Dont worry, you dont need to.
Just point to the menu and order it.
Thank me later!
Best god damn breakfast I've had in years.
Well done, over easy.
Well done!

Over Easy is pretty good.
I wouldn't say it is the most amazing breakfast place ever, but it is decent and reasonably priced.
I've eaten the waffle dogs, pancakes, and El Pollo Loco omelette.
My favorite was probably the pancakes.
They were really big and perfectly cooked.
The waffle dogs were about the same as the pancake dogs you can buy at the grocery store.
The omelette didn't have much seasoning and the chicken was a little dry.
It was cooked well though.
The hash browns and home fries don't have much seasoning either.
I like a little salt on my potatoes, so I have to add some every time I order them.
The staff is nice and the manager always makes his rounds asking everyone about their food.
We've never had a long wait even when it seems busy.
I will definitely go back, but I will probably just stick to pancakes.

Yikes.
I can only say "Don't"!!

Folks!!
This is almost breakfast fine dining.
Unless your other option is the Scottsdale Princess or the Phonecian this is the place for breakfast.
Nobody in Mesa is getting close to a breakfast like this.
Ok, breakfast is not complicated to pull off but the Over Easy goes over the top with a line up of great breakfast entrees.
All house made even the bread in the over easy!!
And the breakfast sausage is a great little smokey jewel!
The management staff has done a great job training the wait staff, you'll be treated right.
Just go, you won't be disappointed!

Disappointed....nice cozy place, super friendly service..i got Eggs Benedict..sauce had a nice bite, but the not so toasted muffin made for a mushy experience..home fries were not cooked as much as i'd like...c'mon...brown those babies !
my bud said the monster mound of blueberry pancakes were an adequate vague memory.
Not inexpensive..local ma & pa places are a lot cheaper, with better specials..  oh yeah,,,first cup of coffee was good..the refill had an odd berry taste "peaberry" possibly.. bleech  most likely wont be back soon  i'll try Mikes on Main

Yum yum yum!!
No complaints!
Food was fabulous and served hot and fresh!
Service was very awesome!

So my hubby n I tried this place a few months ago, being a big breakfast connoisseur, this place had a lot to live up to but it couldn't.
I ordered bacon eggs hash browns the American basic because it's the one meal a restaurant has to nail time and time again.My plate was not worth the price tag any greasy spoon would have been 2-3$ less and gave an abundant amount of food.
My hash browns were cooked on the same grill as onions, had I been a fan of onions it would not ave been a big deal but I think onions ruin everything so cook hash browns on a CLEAN grill non-onion infused.
Coffee was so/so I'm not expecting designer coffee but at least flavor other than coffee grinds.
On the plus side servers were pleasant hubby's food was hot as was mine.
Just not worth the $$$ and food was less than average.
I prefer Cracker's in Mesa, or T.C.
Eggington's for the same price.

Great food and decent prices, but small portions so it's a little pricier.
Gave it a three because I like good breakfast places that give you a good amount of food for decent price... Not this place.
However, the food is very good!

I like this place for the most part but don't make the mistake of offering the eggs benidict it is sourer.
The poor lemon in it

Meh.
I got the chicken fried chicken with waffle.
The chicken was totally soggy from being fried.
To make matters worse they put butter on top of my chicken.
Dude what the heck?
I should have read the reviews first, dammit!
The waffle was plain, they coulda threw some cinnamon or vanilla in there.
Service was cordial, but my waitress bought my check when i was half done with my food.
I only ordered water because clearly their orange juice is made for the Queen of England at $6 a glass.
I wasn't wowed by this place, what's all the hype?
You can catch me at Denny's down the street from now on!

Had breakfast this morning.
Prices are a little high for what you get.
Very disappointed that food was only Luke warm but it took quite awhile to get our food that we did't send it back.
Waitress was great.
This was the 2nd time we've been there and both times food was not hot.
Not a cozy place as it is open high ceilings when tend to be noisy.

First and last time...

We went in there to see what the place was all about.
Eh not so great.
The coffee is pretty bland.
We le a good smooth coffee that doesn't taste like tea.
The food really had no flavor.
The sausage was eh, meat with no flavor, eggs well you really can't screw up an egg flavor wise.
For the price not worth it.
We will not be back.

Over Easy just opened by my house so I figured we had to try it, why not..
Right?
We were greeted promptly by a very nice lady, the place is bright almost to bright yellow for my liking, the table and chairs are very retro and I LOVE THEM!!
the music was a mix of stuff I've never heard of.
We were offered fresh squeezed orange juice which I thought was great you don't see that often.
I ordered the Wolf Pack with sausage patties, feta cheese and over medium eggs, my eggs were over cooked, no flavor , toast was burnt...and trying to get someone to check back on you was impossible!
Hubby had  the cheddar jalapeño biscuits with sausage gravy and scrambled eggs..again nothing to write home about.
For us it's not a place I'd want to try again :(

I've had the chicken fried steak with eggs here last time and it was mediocore at best, the meat was too thin and it was overcooked and dry.
The second time I came we ordered two omelettes, one with swiss, corned beef and mushrooms and the mediterranean with corned beef.
Both omelettes were very distasteful, the eggs were dry and tasteless, he corned beef had the wrong texture and resembled sausage, and the veggies were not cooked in well with the eggs.
They also mixed up our orders by putting the wrong sides in, and they forgot to add cheese to one of the orders making the omelette extremely bland.
I don't know how they could've messed up our orders to this extent when there was literally no one there except us.
Overall, both experiences make me not want to come back here and I regret not paying attention to the three-star rating on yelp.

Great service...great food!
The manager is always checking on folks - helping the servers, busing tables...hard working leadership.
The meal I prefer when I go is called the Dolly - really good egg sandwich with bacon, cheddar cheese and tomatoes.
I've tried the Loco Moko (very good), pancakes and omelettes...all very good!
They also make jam (in-house) that is VERY good!
Ask the manager (Chris) for the grape...it'll definitely make him laugh!

I love Over Easy Arcadia and was thrilled when they expanded to Gilbert and Mesa.
This location definitely doesn't have the vibe the Phx and Gilbert locations have- totally different clientele- think Denny's.
But there was no wait, the food came out fast, and was just as good as the others.
My omelet was good and my toddler loved the french toast.
For a quick and yummy breakfast we will definitely be coming here again.

The food was good.
I didn't get quite what I ordered, but that worked out ok.
The service, however, was extremely slow an inattentive.
We waited quite some time to get our drink order taken and then several more minutes to get our food order in.
During this entire time we we passed by several servers.
One paused a moment to say she would be right with us and then never returned.
We were finally waited on by a gentlemen that had an attitude like we were bothering him by being there.
We had also asked for some additional butter and that request was promptly forgotten.
As I said the food was really good but it will be a while before I go back due to the poor quality of the service.

I recently moved near this Over Easy location and decided to give it a try.
The difference in food and service quality is ridiculous.
My good here was barely warm, and the service sucked!
My waiters wife and mother-in-law stopped in for breakfast and he sat down and talked with them for a while, leaving all his tables unattended!
Horrible experience here, I much prefer the Gilbert location.

I've been to Over Easy twice now.
The first time I really didn't like it but it was so long ago I figured why not try it again?
I ordered egg breakfast, eggs over medium, hash browns, bacon and substituted pancakes for the toast.
Found a hair on my eggs.
YUCK!!
the hash browns were good and the pancake was decent.
I really really don't like their bacon.
Coffee is weak.
Husband had chicken fried steak and tater tots.
He enjoyed it.
I liked it better than I likes mine.
I have to say I think I would like this place more but the service is just not very good.
They're just not THAT helpful or friendly and kind of feels like doing their job bugs them.
Could be just the attitude you have as a 17 year old girl though.

I enjoy coming here.
I usually get there very early when it's not busy so I've not had any service issues.
I've tried several things on the menu and some I liked better than others.
They have lots of interesting choices and standard breakfast fare.
I love loko moko.
My husband enjoys the eggs and sirloin.
Staff has always been friendly and attentive.

Avoid the national chain restaurants for breakfast, keep it local!
We have gone to three of their locations and have never been disappointed.
Filling portions of breakfast items.
Most entrees are a little heavy on the potatoes but they are done to perfection!
Choices on potatoes include sweet potatoes tater tots.
Our favorites include the Wolfpack, Country Eggs Benidict and Caramelized banana & pecan brioche French toast.
But the others in  my group had the House made corned beef hash with two eggs* & choice of toast and the Ham steak with redeye gravy, one egg* and choice of potato...they both had clean plates!!
Without a doubt you should not miss this place!

This was a fun alternative to a chain restaurant.
Stopped in with my boys while in Mesa for a convention and glad that we did.
It was nice that they had an actual kids menu that was reasonable and a good value for the food provided.
The omelette my oldest boy had was really good, and my typical american style breakfast was perfect.
Food was good, and the manager did stop by to make sure all was good with our meals.
I didn't have the heart to mention to him that service was a tad on the brusk side, but I probably wouldn't be the best server either so we cut her some slack.
Worth a repeat visit based upon food quality, menu choices, and good prices.

I got a coupon on Deal Chicken and decided to give the place a try.
I was a bit worried when I arrived, but once the food was in front of me, great.
I got the Hopple Popple and it was very tasty, very very good.
It surprised me!
The waitress explained that its slow during the week and picks up fri, sat, and sun.
This place is worth a try...

Chicken and waffles were yummy.
Jalapeno biscuits and gravy were right on as well.
Came for early Sunday breakfast before the rush and was very happy.
Iced Tea was good, the homemade jam was great, all around good grub!

Used to be a fast food place, they still have the blocked off drive thru lane.
It is just one big room with no sound proofing.
You can hear every screaming child.
Bad coffee and they don't give you pot of it.
You have to constantly track someone down to get a refill.
I had the omelet and it was ok.  For $9 it was kind of thin.
I expected a lot more for that kind of money.
Service was good considering how busy they were.
The Good Egg is a far superior breakfast place.

I absolutely adore this place.
Mesa has so few really good breakfast places, especially East Mesa.
The eggs Benedict hollandaise is the best.
The Wolfpack with bacon and Goat cheese is pure heaven.
It makes me sad this place isn't busier because it's awesome!

