Dr. Fitzmaurice is one of the most passionate medical research doctors in the field of Hand and Peripheral Nerve Surgery.
He just opened his new location in Phoenix and has been well recognized for his innovative and non invasive surgery solutions for common problems associated with the hand and upper arm.
I would definitely recommend him if you have tennis elbow, carpal tunnel, trigger thumb, or any other associated disorders.

Dr. Fitzmaurice is not only a gifted surgeon, he's truly a leader in his field.
I can personally attest to his skill and his interaction with patients.
His staff is courteous, attentive, and well-trained.
The office is neat, clean (actually, it's new) and very modern.
It was easy to make an appointment (you can actually do it online) and the overall experience really was worth noting.
I definitely recommend him if you have hand issues!

Dr. Michael Fitzmaurice is an extremely gifted hand surgeon whose innovative techniques have made him one of the very best hand surgeons in the country.
His passion for his work along with his compassion and care for his patients are extraordinary.
I would highly recommend Dr. Fitzmaurice and the Fitzmaurice Hand Institute.

Due your due diligence and request claims against this Dr. from the AZ.
medical board.
Wish I had done this prior to surgery.
You'll be shocked!!
He lied about the procedure he did on me in my medical chart.
My hand is non functional for life now.
And be very careful, because no other surgeon will see you after he does surgery on you.
This has been my experience.
All the good ratings are posted by the office staff on his videos.
The medical assistant is asleep at the wheel as well.
In my opinion I'd run, not walk the other way to a different doctor for your medical needs.
http://www.vitals.com/doctors/Dr_Michael_Fitzmaurice/reviews#ixzz2gQUwblvo  Doctor Reviews and Ratings  Follow us: @Vitals on Twitter | Vitals on Facebook

I went to Dr. Fitzmaurice for trauma on my thumb nail.
I needed to have a cyst removed.
I decided to go with him because his office staff seemed professional and I had a good consultation.
Fast forward to post surgery.
My nail is now deformed and he reassured me that it would not be.
My thumb nail is now split.
There was never any follow up calls.
I was blamed for my thumb getting infected after surgery when my nail fell out of place.
Which is understandable had I not called and asked what to do and was told by his assistant to place the nail back in.
I regret ever going to this office.
I have documented and photographed my nail post surgery because I knew the recover was abnormal.
Now I am getting the run around on a balance that is due back to me.
I have called his office several times and they referred me to their billing company.
Which in turn told me to call the dr office to receive my return.
It's just been one big nightmare that won't end!
My husband is a physician and we have both never seen such unprofessionalism and are considering filing a complaint.
I would give him negative stars if I could.
I should've gone with my initial choice and waited the 3 month waiting list.
There was a reason why!

Fantastic doc.
I would highly recommend him to anyone.
He did very "tiny' surgery on my finger pinning a bone that had shattered.
He's very detailed, very personable, great office staff.
This man is one of the best in his field.
Its really worth watching his videos if you have issues like carpal tunnel, etc.
He is state of the art in this field.
Don't risk going somewhere you won't get the excellence this man provides.

