I just wrote a review for Denise on Steven Paul Salon's page but figured I'd write one here too.
Denise is fabulous and I highly recommend her.
Whether you have super straight and thick Asian hair like me or you have super curly hair, Denise knows just what to do to make you looking your best.
She takes her time and is a true artist.
She gave me the perfect amount of layers and texture in my hair that I so desperately needed.
While I only got my hair cut by her, she does do coloring and extensions.
She also does fashion shows, bridal hair styling, skin care treatments, and makeup.
Is there anything she can't do?

I just wrote a review for Denise Le on Steven Paul Salon page, I didn't know she had her own page so I am going to write it here too because she is great at what she does!
I went in for a haircut and hair color 2 days ago to Steven Paul Salon, I love the ambiance of this place .
This was the second time I went there and saw Denise Le.
She is an amazing hair stylist, both her and Vanessa (her assistant) are a great team.
Denise is really good at her job, the first time I went there I had the longest hair that she had ever cut and I gotta say she did a marvelous job.
The second time I went there, it took them 3 hours to cut and color my hair; they were very patient and again the final result I had was amazzzing!!!
She listens to her clients and provides them with exactly what they want.
Just like other reviews I would also say the same thing that if you have long hair, she is the hair stylist for you and if you want a great layered haircut you need to go and see Denise..
It will be a bit expensive and  is one of the more expensive hair cuts that I have gotten over the years but it is totally worth it!
Thanks once again Denise =)

My boyfriend and I love getting our hair cut and for me colored by Denise.
I am a blonde so it's a challenge to find someone that is detailed enough.
She works with your natural color.
I have to get my hair colored half as much as I used to.
She has a private and cozy room.
She provides the ' head and neck massage when she washes your hair.
Absolute professional all the way.
I would and have recommended her to friends.

She is a horrible listener.
It starts with her asking me about clippers, and I told her all my other cuts in the past have been with scissors only.
She used the clipper anyway, so I assumed she knew what she was doing, I was wrong.
My hair was way too short.
She knows it, and she tried to justify it by saying most people go to her wanting a new style.
She says this after I told her I liked my style and just wanted it 1 inch shorter, she took about 2 inches off.
She also says later that she assume I dont like using too much products, but I told her earlier that I normally use gel.
I mean, the more she said, the more I wondered if she even heard anything I've said.
With all these great reviews, maybe she is good with women's haircuts, I'm not sure.
If you're a guy and you don't like super short hair, I don't recommend going to her.

So i had an appointment today with denise for a hair cut - first time client.
I went after reading reviews on yelp and her fb account.
She was extremely sweet, carefully saw all the hairstyle pictures i had, was OPEN to giving and taking input and gave me exactly what i had asked.
Infact, i told her i have a dinner to attend into the night and she styled my hair a bit more for nothing extra.
I also got a consult for highlights which ill get done soon.
Btw had to add, im new in AZ, had been looking for a good stylist whom i could stick to as im extremely extremely particular about my hair.
I was very relieved and comfortable with her skills and was able to trust her judgment as well.
I think shes good with all kinds of hair especially longer lengths.
Will add in more once i get  my color done.
O and her charges are decent compared to the service you receive.

