Great food, bartenders, atmosphere, and owners

Casa, a Tempe place for Tempe people If your looking for live music, out of this world drink specials, burritos that break all the rules, and a misting system that stands apart.
You have found home.
The 2 story patio that Casa is a welcome oasis on mill ave there is nothing like chilling outside on a lovely day but in Arizona the summer heat is murder.
To battle the heat they installed the most advanced misting system to keep you cool.
Yet on a 110 degree day in the summer it feels like a cool 80.
No need to worry about getting wet or ruining your phone,the high pressure system makes it rain cool literally  So far it was a great experience, the drinks were handmade, and the food was wonderful

Checked this place out a few nights ago.
Since it's spring break at ASU, I imagine every bar on Mill was nowhere near capacity.
This place had a smallish, chill crowd with a relaxed vibe.
I imagine when all the students get back, that could change.
I thought the layout was nice, with a prominent bar smack in the center.
Ordering drinks was easy and the bartenders were laid back.
I'd definately give this place another visit.

This place is one restaurant - C.A.S.A/Sun Ba with two different locations split up by Munchies and Slices on Mill.
I went to the Sun Ba about a month ago (used to be the former Chronic Taco) and their menu sucked.
They gave a lot of excuses that they 'weren't officially opened yet' and their new location would be the more relaxed bar/restaurant with more food.
Today we went to the new location and the same exact menu and same excuses.
And whomever is coming up with their food names needs to take a Spanish 101 class (El Chorro translates into diarrhea).
Won't be coming back here again.

I am an absolute sucker for eating (read: getting drunk) on a patio.
You could serve me a Swanson's t.v.
dinner and as long as I'm getting some rays, I'd probably love it.
Fortunately, C.A.S.A.
(what does that stand for?
Are fake acronyms a new thing?
) serves some really high quality food, so I won't have to test my T.V.
dinner theory.
My girlfriend and I went for lunch and drinks at around 1 pm on a Saturday.
The place was "good crowded" - there was enough people to give the place some energy, but we still easily found a table.
We had initially chosen C.A.S.A (I'm just gonna type CASA from now on) because the vegan spot she had chosen was closed on weekends.
We did not have high hopes for being able to eat anything on the menu, but to our surprise they had  a vegan section.
We both opted for the vegan carne asada burrito, and I've gotta say, it was the best vegan burrito I've ever had.
I'm assuming the chef takes his regualr carne asada marinade and uses it on what appeared to be seitan, but whatever he did it works.
The price isn't bad either.
7 bucks gets you a good sized burrito, but no side.
At 7 bucks this isn't a deal breaker, though it would be nice to have some chips or beans or whatever.
The drinks were also a decent deal.
There was a margarita/mojito special on Saturday, so we opted for a couple of 4 dollar margaritas.
They were excellent and I kept mysteriously finding my glass empty within in minutes of the drink being put down.
I don't know if I'd typically drink margaritas so I checked out the beer menu for future reference.
It was decent, not overly exciting, so don't go expecting 1,000s of belgian beers, but they have your basic IPAs, stouts, heffs, etc.
As a side note, they had lots of TVs behind the bar, and it looks like a great place to watch march madness.
The owner of the restaurant informed us that the chef is vegan and that brunch, lunch and dinner would all have vegan options, which will definitely keep us coming back.

I just love me a good patio, and C.A.S.A is ALL patio.
BAM!
The upstairs and downstairs patio have comfortable, raised seating (perfect for people watching) all wrapped around the bar.
The design reminded me a lot of downtown San Diego.
We were there on a Saturday, so margaritas, mojitos and some other mixed drinks were only $4.
The margaritas were bomb.
I had three (whoops).
They also had a special for $20 bottles of wines.
Other specials that I can remember (there's more):  Monday: Movie night Tuesday: $2 Tacos Sunday: brunch   The food and wine selections are both Spanish themed.
Although the menu isn't large, it's got some great options.
Bowls, burritos, salads and sandwiches--a lot of carne asada.
There were both healthy options and decadent ones.
So here's what really did it for me: They have vegan options.
And I'm not talking a mediocre salad or a sandwich consisting of cucumbers and sprouts.
They offer a vegan carne asada burrito, vegan sandwich and a veggie bowl that can be made vegan.
The vegan carne asada burrito was effing amazing.
I woke up this morning thinking about it.
I'm craving it.
Constantly.
It's that good.
It had thick pieces of juicy  "carne asada" seitan, zucchini, some other yummy vegetables, and a delicious sauce.
It was so good my boyfriend didn't even put hot sauce on it (they have red and green).
That's really saying something.
We spoke with the owner and he says they will always have vegan options for every meal of the day -- even brunch.
He was really nice, seemed to love his chef and was walking around checking on every table.
To be clear, this isn't a vegan restaurant.
They're just intelligent enough to realize there's other diets out there than the standard American omnivore.
The vibe is great, the non-vegan food looked great, too.
Everyone seemed happy.
Now I can get a patio, vegan food, booze and even vegan brunch at the same place?!?!
Eff yes.
That's worth a five-star review.

I have now been there 3 times and each time is it getting worse and worse.
They could possibly have the worst service of any restaurant I have ever been to.
Last time I sat at the bar with a friend and watch our food sit on the counter for 10 minutes when the bartender finally turned around and realized there was food on the counter.
Today we went and sat on the roof.
We ordered at 12:15 and by 1:00 we were still waiting for our Mac and Cheese Burrito.
The server told us they had a big party while the owner then came over and told us the health inspector shut the kitchen down for a half hour.
Either way I will not be back.
Only good if you have at least 2 hours to kill for lunch

Was originally planning to go to Bison Witches for brunch at 10 am, however Bison wasn't open and C.A.S.A.
was.
It was perfect.
We had a group of 8 or 9 and found a spot that accommodated all of us.
They are also dog friendly :)  I love the patio.
They were only serving their limited breakfast menu when we got there but it was great.
I don't know who decided to put sweet potatoes in a breakfast burrito but their burritos and breakfast burrito bowls are pretty damn good for a small little patio bar on mill that has only been open for 2 weeks.
I'm looking forward to trying their lunch menu and of course drinks :)  I love that they are open early and I absolutely love patios in AZ this time of year.
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they brought me a burrito instead of the bowl that I ordered.
The contents are the same and it still tasted really good.

Wow, where do I begin?
I think this was by far the worst service I have ever received in a restaurant.
I came with a group of 8 for lunch at 11am on a Wednesday.
We had stopped by earlier in the day and made a reservation and we were looking forward to trying a new spot.
Our waitress (Liz I believe) was the only redeeming part of the entire incident that followed.
(If I was rating her I would give 5 stars).
Our food orders took an eternity and we watched all the people who had came in after us getting their food.
Our waitress stopped by to warn us about the wait on the food, so we ordered some chips to tide us over.
I ordered the Veggie Rice bowl (which was described as mixed peppers, squash onions, ect and either rice or pasta) I asked for no rice add  the Vegan Carne Asada.
What was brought out came in a to-go container that was about 1/4 full (think typical Chinese food container).
I thought perhaps it was the side of carne and inquired with the waitress to see where the rest of the bowl was.
(Where was the pasta, grilled veggies ect?
) Did someone get hungry and eat it on the way to my table?
She came back with some guy who looked in need of a shower.
He asked me what the problem was, and when I explained there was nothing here but the carne asada  he got defensive and argued with me.
There was no offer to bring the pasta, or add veggies.
He basically beat on his chest, pushed a menu in my face and told me he was the executive chef "Joey" and that he would never order a rice bowl without the rice.
I was astounded at his aggression and rudeness.
If I owned this joint he would be out of a job.
This is no "House of Tricks" buddy, it's a bar that plays lunch spot by day and your pompous attitude earns no merit badge.
Some other highly medicated looking guy came by later and asked me what the problem was and basically chuckled when I told him and asked if he could do anything.
I was afraid the "executive chef" Joey would spit in my food so I declined, I couldn't get out of that place fast enough.
Liz apologized and you could tell she honestly felt bad about the exchange.
I will never come back to this place and I'll  tell everyone I know to avoid it.
I've worked on Mill 15 years and have seen hundreds of restaurants fail over the years, I know this one won't last.
Not with the absolute insolence and discourtesy they assault their customers with.
(And they charge $5 bucks for chips and salsa - GET REAL)!

Never tried the food, but just wanted a beer.
Happy Hour was long over at 6pm, but the sunset special saved the day - $2 corona's til the sun sets.
The bar downstairs needs some more shade because the sun is pelting the back of your head at all hours of the day.
Decent TV's though at the bar.
I headed upstairs to polish off the beer and it has a simiiar view as the Rooftop Bar just up the street.
Kinda looks Vegasy with the couches all around, but we are far from Vegas and this crowd looked more hip than tourist.
Skinny Jeans hell.
Still, a great view and good beer prices make this a decent new addition to Mill.

I have been to CASA several times and have always had great service along with great food.
All th eemployees are very cheerful and want to help you in any way they can.
I am a big fan!

Holy crap.
So I ran in Pat's Run yesterday as part of a group of about 30.
Coming here was planned ahead of time and we had the whole top patio reserved for us.
It was fun lots of good people, the weather was perfect, we were all high on endorphins.
So we're there, everyone's hungry and eager to relax, have a drink and eat some good food.
I was starving, like ready to gnaw my own arm off for a bit of protein.
So we discover there is one server for our party and wait patiently for our orders to be taken.
Finally it comes to our turn.
I'm not sure if I some how offended our server, or pissed her off, but she did not like me.
I don't know why, I was sitting there talking with friends the whole time.
I wasn't loud, wasn't complaining about anything, this was in fact the first interaction I had with her.
We were all dressed the same so it's not like she could say my outfit offended her,  I just don't know what her deal was.
She took the orders of the three people on my right, then the person directly across from me, and then the two people on my left and started to walk off.
I said "excuse me" twice and was not acknowledged.
Someone else at in the group I was sitting with had to physically tap her on the shoulder and tell her to take my order.
She did not apologize or even ask what she could get me.
She stood there and stared at me.
I placed my order and she walked off.
A  few of us went down to the bar and ordered drinks, and then drank them and then stood there and waited...and waited...and waited.
About 45 minutes after we ordered we noticed that people that ordered after us were getting their food.
The food looked really good too.
Big sandwiches, big burritos, and big bowls, which is what I ordered.
The bowl was served in one of those Chinese take out boxes and consisted of eggs, meat (bacon, ham or chorizo), potatoes, onions and peppers and were full to the brim.
So finally our server comes around and takes our drink orders.
Another 15 minutes go by AND WE GOT FOOD!!!
Well, everyone I was sitting with got food.
I did not.
I had started to notice that the portions were getting smaller and smaller.
So everyone starts to eat and our drinks come out.
Again, everyone but mine.
Finally my food comes out after everyone I was with had finished their meals.
75 minutes after I ordered I finally had my food.The Chinese takeout box was less than half full and was getting cold.
The bacon was limp and clumped together, the food was bland and tasteless.
No salt and pepper, no flavor.
Even the bacon was bland.
THE BACON was bland!
BACON!
Ugh.I ate half.
Still had no drink.
By this point I was grumpy, hungry and defeated.
I don't get it.
I don't know what the deal was but  it is safe to say that I would never come back here.

Amazing patio.
Great food.
I particularly like the 6th St.
Salad and vegan crane asada burrito.
Wonderful staff.

I love this place!
One of the top bars in the Millverse.
Great people and good food.

I've been there twice and had very poor service both times.
I also got food poisoning from one of their salads this past weekend.
I will never go back!
Read the worst reviews posted here.
They may sound like horror stories but they are the average customer experience at CASA.
Stay away!

Wow...I wanted to like this place...It is ascetically pleasing but thats about it...We went for drinks on a Sunday night as I had some friends in from out of town...Weak watered down over priced drinks...The bartender informed me to order a double as it would be a better deal..So I do...and what does this guy do...pours the exact same amount of liquor in my drink than the previous one that was a single... What a dickhead the bartender was...Watching him awkwardly dance to shitty house music was about his only redeeming quality...Also our drink prices changed depending on who went up to order...Good luck casa...I don't know what kind of demographic you think your serving...You can't charge Scottsdale prices on Mill and last...

I've got to dock this place one star.
I absolutely HATE when people knock a new restaurant for bad service.
It's inevitable that a brand new spot will have some growing pains while training everyone, dealing with turnover, figuring out the menu, the p.o.s., etc.
So, I didn't begrudge C.A.S.A.
some pretty bad service to start.
The thing is though, it hasn't improved over the last few months.
I'd like to preface this by saying there are a few nice, competent, friendly servers there (they're both brunette women - try to sit in their section), but the majority of the servers are just bad.
I doubt many of their servers have prior serving experience as many of them only perform one task at a time.
Let me explain.
We (a group of two) arrived at the same time as the table next to us.
The server greeted them, took their drink order, put it in and WAITED AT THE BAR for the drinks to be made before giving them their drinks and making his way over to us.
You don't have to be a career server to know that this is a massive waste of time.
The restaurant was absolutely empty - dude had two tables - yet he managed to simulate the experience of dining at an overcrowded and understaffed restaurant.
In addition to the bad service, the food has gotten worse.
The vegan carne asada was so ridiculously good the first time I ate at C.A.S.A., but it seems to get drier, blander, and smaller every time we come.
Unfortunately, it doesn't look like we'll be back too often.

Although I am only giving it 3-Stars and could find a list of things that are awfully wrong with it, I'm going back!
I had read the bad reviews about the service...blah blah blah...but they are true.
Its not just that one bad server is destroying the whole place.
The whole bar is a mess.
Bad things:  1.
Girls Softball playing on every screen when the NBA playoffs are on?
wtf?
Mojitos took forever!
Street Tacos took even longer!
damn.
But then we found out our server forgot to ring them in.
nice.
Service was so random and they couldn't decide who was taking our table.
When we left, we still didn't know who our server was.
This is listed as a "tapas" restaurant on Yelp but most definitely is not.
It just has a random assortment of California-type Mexican food items.
They have so many staff memebers/security guards on that its overwhelming.
I understand the owner is trying to prepare for the unexpected but damn, just get competent ppl and not an army of...well....you know.
Good things:  1.
The mojitos that took forever were great!
The HH prices are good enough to get me back.
The location is awesome.
I really hope they get it together.

If you are on Mill Ave looking for a place to eat.....keep on walking!
There are far better places to go to than C.A.S.A.
It does look inviting and I had a totally different experience when I 1st went there, but my 2nd time....I will never go back.
We came with a group for a birthday lunch and a few of us already experienced the food and ambience, so we were excited to have a birthday lunch and let everyone in on the positive experience.
Holy Moly....with the exception of our waitress the service right down to chef Joey and the management staff was HORRIBLE.
The food presentation on ONE order was not up to par and that ONE order made this whole experience unexpectedly bad.
The veggie rice bowl was ridiculous in every aspect.
When it came out it looked like crap.
When the person questioned the order....OMG, chef Joey stormed out....and copped an attitude.
How dare we....
It was so ridiculous it was almost entertaining.
He could barely contain himself when we questioned the veggie rice bowl.
I think he watched way too many Chef Gordon Ramsey shows.
Look at Sunny B's write up...then look at her pictures.
You will see what I mean.
Joey was so unprofessional, ready to fight and so unwilling to rectify the situation.
To make matters worst management came over to inquire about the situation and did nothing.
Not only did they not give any options or did not take the veggie rice bowl off the tab, it was a bad experience that 8 of us encounter and the 8 of will never come back.
Oh.
Believe me we are telling our friends and co-workers avoid this place....because you don't want  to deal with Joey storming out of the kitchen!

I originally gave C.A.S.A.
5 stars taking into consideration that they were brand new (only open a week or two when I went) and probably had some kinks to work out.
Maybe they didn't expect so much traffic.
Maybe they were still training the staff.
Well I've been back five times since then.
I have had horrible service every single time.
The food is still good, but not half as good as it was the first time.
The first time I went the vegan carne asada was juicy and heavily marinated.
But the last couple times it's barely been marinated at all.
Between the excessive amount of incompetent servers on the floor and the annoying amount of off-duty employees sucking down cocktails at the bar, there's typically around 15 servers downstairs at a time.
And yet it still takes 10 minutes to order my first drink.
Many of the servers do that annoying thing where they can only handle doing one thing at a time, even if it's grabbing water for a table with full drinks while another table has been waiting ten minutes for a cocktail that's melting at the edge of the bar.
For god sake, please learn to multi task and prioritize.
What's Still Good: * Patio * Cocktails * Prices * Vegan options * Food  * Friendliness  What Sucks: * Service * Food is not as good as it used to be  * Bro vibe * Epic amounts of looming employees

We visited early on a bit of a cool day and the misters were blasting over almost every table and chair in the entire place.
After we finally located a place that was relatively dry, someone finally did shut them off.
We had some annoying flies swarming us, especially after the food arrived, which was not pleasant.
Our server was working for the first day and did a decent job, especially considering that he had clearly not been trained.
We only had one round of drinks, which isn't enough to judge the quality of the bar.
However, I get the impression that this is a bar first and foremost, rather than an eatery.
Aside from these points, the general location and outlay are quite nice, especially for downtown events around Mill.
Yet, I would not recommend this as a place to eat.
While the food is cheap and different from your typical bar burger, it was a bit on the bland side.
However, the small bits of carne asada that I got were very tasty.
If they could increase the size of the tiny bits of meat and build the meals more around it, they could probably have some pretty good dishes.
The chips and salsa were also pretty good.
Our server nicely brought us a squeeze bottle of the salsa to use, rather than the tiny plastic cups that we started with.

Went with a group of co-workers for lunch.
Patio was didn't have enough space for our large group as there were only a few tables open so we sat inside.
The service was relatively slow but done with a smile.
Our drinks took awhile to arrive and they screwed up two of our orders, one minor and one major that caused that person to get their food very late.
They were apologetic but didn't offer anything in the way of discount or free dessert.
Several of us ordered the mac and cheese burrito because it sounded amazing.
Was tasty, but very filling.
The chips and salsa was tasty and while we ordered just one portion it was enough for the whole table to try some.
Salsa was tangy and had a little heat.
Most of the group enjoyed their food although some at the other of the end of the table were not as pleased but I couldn't speak to why.
Overall not a bad place to eat but not good if you are in a time crunch.
Probably won't be back for awhile but I can see really wanting to have that burrito again some day.

It's rare I give 5 stars, but the tacos here are great.
Good service, better music.
Unfortunately, I'm going to go with a 4 star review because the Moscow Mule drink that I received was flat.
But I'm willing to give it another shot due to good service.

The chips and salsa here are great.
The salsa is homemade and you can taste it.
Second, the atmosphere and location are casual and convenient.
That's the end of the positives.
As for the rest of the food, the carne asada tacos were made with "home made" tortillas that tasted 3 days old and meat that was cooked 3 times as long as necessary.
It was like beef jerky wrapped in a dry corn husk.
The mojito was incredibly weak and had not a hint of rum.
The pastor sandwich was ok but forgettable.
The management was worst of all.
We were told by our server upon arrival that it was happy hour and beers were half off.
When we received our bill, beers were full price.
When the server was confronted he apologized and spoke with the manager; he returned to us saying there was nothing he could do and he fought for us.
The manager never stopped by the table or said a word to our table about the miscommunication.
Whoever the manager was today should be fired and ashamed for being a coward; you're an embarrassment.
Bottom Line:  do not go here.
Take your money and go anywhere else.

Cool spot on Thursday nights.
House music and not too packed of a crowd but not an empty atmosphere feeling.
2 for 1 drinks and DJ is a damn cool bartender.

I love stopping by CASA on their outside balcony because you get a great view of Mill Ave and they have great specials.
The special that reels us in time and time again is the $2 Coronas before sunset.
We always make it right before sunset so we try to get as many beers as we can before they cut us off.
It's nice sitting on the balcony sippin on some beers watching the sunset over Mill Ave. You gotta get them at the bar downstairs but we've ordered on the balcony and the bartender brings it up.
(we just tipped a little better).
We have tried their tacos, they are alright...pretty small but they're pretty cheap so you get what you pay for.
Great spot for day drinking and I'd say a great deal if you are looking for a happy hour or a place with drink specials,

Love this place!
The homemade salsa is amazing and the atmosphere of this place is super laid back and inviting.
I ordered the chicken burrito bowl- delicious.
I have also had the pleasure of enjoying their famous Mac n cheese burrito... AMAZING!
The service was great; our waiter, Thomas, was very attentive and on point.
If you enjoy awesome and creative food and delicious drinks then C.A.S.A.
is for you!
Forgot about these haters and create your own experience and opinion.

Stopped in here one night during our Mill bar hopping.
They had a live DJ and the drinks were good.
If more people were here in this interesting little place, I think it'd be pretty fun.
Ask for bartender Mike.

I was bar hopping on Mill with my boyfriend this past weekend and we figured we would give CASA a try.
We approached the bartender and asked if they had any specials, he told us to walk down past the two food joints and CASA had a new extended bar with 2 for 1 drinks.
We quickly rushed over there to find a pretty laid back bar with plenty of space and a pretty good DJ.
We ordered whiskey diets, which were $5 for TWO!
Had a seat outside and quickly called all of our friends.
This place definitely will be packed in the following weekends.
You can't beat a good atmosphere and 2 for 1s.
Awesome spot.

While back in Tempe for work a couple weeks ago, one of my employees and I were looking for a place to eat dinner before I had to catch a flight to Milwaukee.
I told her that we had to walk over to where Chronic Taco used to be for a moment of silence (check out my review on Chronic Taco.
)  There appeared to be a business there, but we weren't sure it was open until a young man outside told us that since we were standing there, we HAD to come in.
Wow, am I ever glad that we followed his advice!
The place looks completely different from Chronic Taco (same owners, though, I'm told) and is a totally different vibe.
Since it was a Monday night during the sweltering heat that is Arizona in July, the place wasn't busy.
The very friendly (and hot) bartender told us we could sit wherever and brought us menus.
That's when I saw it....  MAC AND CHEESE BURRITO!
AHHHHHHHHHH!
Being from Wisconsin, seeing that made me very happy.
The fact that they had a vegan version made my employee happy, since she is vegan.
We both ordered ours with carne asada (mine real, hers fake) and it was by far the most delicious thing I've had in a long time.
The salsa in a bottle was heaven- great flavor, without too much cilantro, which is good, because I'm one of those rare people that cannot stand the taste of cilantro.
The only reason that I'm going with 4 stars here, instead of 5 is that had that guy not been outside to tell me that C.A.S.A.
was there and open, we probably would have gone someplace else (and missed out on the heavenly mac and cheese burrito.
)  There is nothing outside to lure you in.... but don't worry, I will be telling everyone how much I love it and can't wait to go back to Arizona.... which will NEVER be in July again.

I loved this place!
I got the guacamole, which was delicious and way above average.
For my entrée, I got the Vegan Carne Asada with added portabellas-it was nothing short of awesome!
There was a great selection of beers on tap, as well and the bartender was super friendly and the service great.
This will be the first place I visit the next time I'm in town.

This place is awesome!
Great service, great food, nice and refreshing place to hang out!
Oh and the server Thomas is absolutely fabulous!

I don't know what the deal is with the low reviews, this place is great.
My favorite on mill.
During the day they've got half off of their 20 drafts on tap, and $5 mojitos.
The vegan food is great too, I always get the quesadilla with portobello.
Good music playing too.
Oh and the salsa is so good.

The only reason I'm giving C.A.S.A 2 stars is because the outside patio is an awesome place to go hang out during the day - good food, good drinks, great staff.
At night (at least in the lounge) I will NEVER go back.
I payed $6 for a margarita and it tasted like straight ass.
You are a professional establishment...how do you mess up something as easy as a margarita?
That shit was undrinkable.
It somewhat resembled a combination of milk and orange juice.
When I asked the bartender to taste it, he refused and just poured another shot into it and told me to quit complaining.
Pouring more tequila in it is not going to make it taste better.
I'm not one to complain but it really was that bad.
Both myself and my friends that I was with ended up leaving pretty much our entire drinks.
Bottom line: you are a Mexican restaraunt and you still managed to fuck up something near and dear to my heart.

Stopped by after work, looking for someplace new and was pleasantly surprised.
1) It was Taco Tuesday, $1 street tacos 2) On Tuesdays happy hour is extended until 8pm 3) The Reggae/Island music selection set the mood 4) Service was fantastic 5) Caipirinha cocktails for $5 are great.
Will definitely return to try the other dishes!

Whoa - this place really has hit or miss reviews!
Luckily, the day some friends and I went, it was a hit.
Here's what I loved: * Great location on Mill Ave * Comfy patio * Helpful servers * Good cocktails * Bandidas - delicious sandwiches!
(get the ham; trust me on this one)  Everything was a bit pricey, but with so many positives, I can overlook that.

The worst!
I ate here a lot when it was Chronic Taco and had great service and food.
We had to wait 45 minutes for our meal and we were table checked one time.
I ordered what they called Ceviche, that was gazpacho that they served with ONE piece of shrimp!
Too many places on Mill Ave. to find a better dining experience than to waste my time and money here.

My salad with Chorizo was delicious and well priced.
My coworkers loved their Mac and cheese and salad too.
Service was excellent.
Our server made a coffee run to get me some iced coffee.
It was so nice.
I don't know why this place has such low stars.
The atmosphere was great too and the patio was packed on a Tuesday afternoon.

Casa is a pretty cool place All patio bar, too and bottom floor I didn't notice until last week that they have a lounge on the East side of the building, I will have to check that out.
The Mojitos at Casa are really good and the bartenders are very nice and friendly.
The crowd that goes to Casa varies but mostly younger college 20 year olds.
Seating can also be a hit or miss depending on the day.
Will have to come back to try the street tacos.

Bad service and food could be good if they actually included all the ingredients.. From what I have heard the Mac n cheese burrito is the only thing worth eating here.
We had the Carne asada burrito and the casa chicken.
The carne asada burrito is just chopped beef with Taco seasoning you buy from Walmart and that's about it, maybe it could be better if all the ingredients were in it.
The casa chicken was again missing ingredients but much better than the burrito.
This is my personal experience try whatever you want maybe you will have better luck.

Awful.
The only decent thing about this place is the set up (cool upper deck seating with a nice view).
This is the ONLY good thing about his place.
I went in last night for dinner and was blown away with the awful service.
We were not greeted.
Sat ourselves upstairs (as the "bartender" sat behind the bar and texted) we sat without menus or being greeted for 5 min.
I then had to ask for a menu, was given one menu (for two of us and no drink list).
After we looked over the menu still no server in sight... We waited another five min before I had to get up walk down stairs and ask for two waters myself.
Again we waited...
FINALLY our server (who was nice but seemed to be totally lost) showed up.
We asked for a drink list which took another five min.
Still no drink list...
Asked again and finally she brought it up to our table.
We ordered our food, still no drinks.. About five minuets later we finally received our beers.
The food arrived shortly after which surprised me since everything else took forever..
The only problem was we were not given any utensils,  no napkins, no side plates.
Had to ask the server to bring all theses things.
After a few minuets she returned and I took my first bite of our carne asada tacos...
They were cold, not just a little chilly, it seemed like they were sitting in a fridge prior, the meat was bland and cold and the tortillas were stale and also cold.
We also ordered a grilled chicken burrito.
It was terrible, once again it was cold.
At this point I was just so confused and told myself they couldn't possibly mess up the tortilla chips until I tried one.
The chips were drenched with salt, I'm not talking a little too much salt I'm talking about chips COVERED in salt.
They were awful and inedible.
I'm so disappointed everything we ordered was just pathetic.
I asked our server for our tab as soon as she was in sight and asked nicely to speak with a manager.
A manager came up and I informed his of how awful the food was and also told him that the staff should be a little more aware of their surroundings.
I work in this business and I know how it important it is for everyone to work together..
This includes the front and back of house including managers.
I felt like the servers and bartenders were not trained correctly and the manager I spoke with totally agreed.
I don't remember his name but I know he is the bar manager.
***Note to the owners of this place.
LISTEN to your bar manager he seems to know where the problems are and he seems to really care about making changes to better this place.
Your staff really needs to get on the same page and work as a team.
I won't be back, and if things don't change soon I recommend their bar manager leave for a place that will last.
Without a strong team there's nothing.
Very disappointed I was excited to try this place.

Fantastic patio delicious food.
Loved the Green Chili Chicken Bowl and would go back in a heartbeat.

Nothing special here.
I've been here a few times for happy hour and can't say I've been impressed on any account.
I like the concept of the outdoor bar but the service has been sub par in my experience.
Don't be fooled by the $1.50 tacos; they come in bite sized portions.
I'd recommend trying something else in the area.

I love this place!
Have been here several times now and it is an awesome outdoor 2-story bar with great music all the time!
I'm giving this place 4 stars more for the atmosphere and bar.
Food is good with a twist on the Mexican side.
Carne asada is a little salty so I would steer away from that.
All I can say is margarita, margarita and margarita.
They are so delicious.
Mojito's are also on my list to try!
Great place on Mill!

Please stop by c.a.s.a.
and see for your self their food is amazing, Mac n cheese burrito with carnitas is to die for, OG burger with a fried egg is the best burger I have ever had no joke, c.a.s.a.
loaded fries are crazy good just picture it string fries topped with a four cheese sauce, black beans, pico de gallo, carnitas(shredded pork), bacon and a jalapeño sour cream....mmmmm.
Or how about a fresh fruit mojito nice and strong with premium rum.
I recommend the rasbery mojito and the orange and cucumber mojito, or how about their 3 amigos premium margarita only 4 dollars.
Shots of fireball for only 3 dollars, or a shot of Don Julio blanco for only 5 bucks, you can get a beer and a shot for only seven bucks cant beat that they even have a sky bar on the upper deck where you can get many different sky fusion flavors for only 3 dollars, this is my favorite spot.

Food & drinks are overpriced, service is shoddy, only redeeming factor is the location/setup.

Only giving this place 1 star because I can't give then 0.
Been here multiple times and each time was extremely disappointed.
Expensive drinks, poor service, and food is nothing special.
This place has great potential with its location but needs a change.

Checked in here Saturday night, just getting around to the review today.
Probably best for C.A.S.A that I let me steam simmer down two days before writing the review.
It was an overall bad experience, the only thing that I can compliment the establishment on is the great heaters they have.
Those bad boys kept the whole patio toasty.
Service was so/so, nothing to complain about.
Over priced drinks, small food portions (small price tag however), and bad customer service from the other staff besides our waitress.
The bar staff and the security must not have realized we spent a good 300 dollars there as a group that night because they treated us like they wanted us gone.
The place has great intentions, just not quite there yet.

Used to love this place but the service has gone way down.
Many of the servers have bad attitudes and wont come take your order even when they aren't busy.
My friends and I sat at a table right across from the bar and didn't get any service.
We had to go to the bar for menus but even after that no one came to get our drink order.

Love this bar going to rage extremely hard and these guys support my drinking habits!!

Stopped in for breakfast, inside dining was closed just the patio was open.
It was 30 degrees in Tempe this morning, I did not want to sit outside.
I was so happy when they accomedated us to sit inside, they even went outside to the patio area and got us some coffee.
Great staff and the breakfast burrito was yummy.
I will go back again.

Great party place in Tempe.
Good help, friendly and a great place to watch football on the weekend.

the host was nice!
But we got a table they had no drinks on the 2nd bar the person never came back to take our order we wanted to order drinks/food and she saw us but just kept talking to some random person and ran out of water!
ya water!
so we left!!
Never going back sorry

Multiple vegan options.
An some are unusual, like a vegan carne asada as well as vegan quesadilla.
We had both.
It was a lot of food.
And the homemade salsa has some heat.
Recommended.

The food here used to be great but has gone way downhill in recent months.
The music is way too loud.
Otherwise it would be a good place to have drinks with friends.
As is, it's so loud that I can't really take friends there for a drink after work.
It's a real shame because they have an awesome location and a nice patio.

Wow What a Terrible Terrible place!
Please do not go here!!
My boyfriend and I wanted to grab a few bites to eat so walked down mill and I liked the outiside patio feel so we decided on that.
We ordered our food and we each got a specialty cocktail, I had a mojito which was actually pretty good and my boyfriend had some sort of fruity caiprihana, nonetheless he didnt like it and was so strong it over powered the taste.
Thats really not a big deal to me but what was so horrible is what happened after we asked our waitress if we could order something else for him, a few minutes later she was walking back with what I assumed was the bar manager DJ, well the way he marched down to our table holding the drink it was beyond obvious he was looking for a fight.
He started to argue with us over the drink and asking why we didnt like it, and actually told us that these are "$10" cocktails that you cant just send back while throwing the cocktail menu down on the table, umm what happened to customer service??
And he acted like we were some teenagers looking for a free drink, I've lived in plenty of places where the drinks are more than $10 so the fact that he had to mention the price showed me how pathetic this place is.
After about 5 minutes of back and forth arguing, and mind you so loud that I'm sure the other patrons could hear we asked him to take off the drink and left as soon as we could.
I couldnt even finish my food.
Please stay away from this place, I cant even believe this place is still in business after the horrible customer service we've experienced!

Quant bar/restaurant in downtown Tempe.
I sat upstairs on the patio.
Great view up there.
The nacho fries is a must.
Wouldn't think these would be so good but you have to order these.
The ceviche was good and it was taco Tuesday $1 tacos.
These were very good as well!
Great place

I was so excited to try this place until I walked in.
First of all, no one greeted us or said hello.
My friend and I were awkwardly stared at by the staff as we sat ourselves.
We then waited at our table for 15 minutes before having to get up and asked to be served.
When the waitress finally came to our table I was shocked at how little she knew about the food.
When she came back with our food we had to find our own plates and silverware.
To top it all of the food was horrible and over priced.
So disappointed in this place.
I do not recommend it to anyone who is looking for a a decent dining experience.

Fun, casual restaurant.
Friendly staff, Good vegan options, nice drink menu.
I would definitely return here when in Phoenix

This restaurant has always been one of my favorites.
It has been through three transformations by the same owners.
As a burrito shop, it was one of the best.
I was a little disappointed when they restructured it to be C.A.S.A., but quickly fell in love with their unique sandwiches.
Our work time crew frequently suggested this restaurant for lunch.
We indulged in sandwiches such as The Fidel, and their amazing OG Burger ... until today.
This is their first day of a new menu consisting mostly of burritos.
Our lunch party was shocked.
Our favorite selections were now gone, and in its place were several burrito choices.
My choice was the #11 Chinese Buffet.
A burrito with fried rice, spring rolls, and orange fried chicken.
Sounds glorious right?
The rice did not taste good, and there was too much of it.
The orange chicken was good, but I was set off by the spring roles that remind me of the sort you find at the grocery store.
The rest of my party of 6 were not impressed by their selections either.
The only approval was a co-worker who selected the BBQ chicken with coleslaw and macaroni and cheese.
This, is possibly the only edible thing on the menu.
Had they taken contents of the old menu, and put them in burrito form, it may have been acceptable.
The Fidel in a burrito?
OG Burger with fried egg in a burrito?
Glorious.
Enough about the food.
There were some other issues.
This is the first day of their menu, so some of this MAY be somewhat excusable.
Our food took a long time, with one of our party waiting over 15 minutes for his meal while the rest of the group was eating.
You would think that on their first day of a new menu, they would ask their regulars for input.
C.A.S.A.
is now removed from our selection of lunch-time restaurants.

Oh my goodness, the steak burrito is to die for.
After a hard day's work, I come in for a thirst quenching Epicenter Amber Ale and then add in the steak burrito, chips and salsa.
The chips and salsa were pretty good.
For $2, it was actually great!
The steak burrito itself, I never tasted a burrito like that.
Food was awesome!

The bar and atmosphere was whatever, but I give this place 5 stars for service.
Came out to Phoenix for a road trip and have been getting crap service everywhere we went.
Casa was a thankful refresher from that.
Our server was Amber and she was absolutely amazing.
She was constantly checking on us and was more than friendly about different places to go and see.
Not sure if the other servers are as good as her, but she was the best.

Terrible I waited with my friend for 20 min.
Could not even get a hello and we sat in the middle of the bar in front of 3 bartenders.
Worst ever so we moved on.
Over crowded and over rated.
I would skip this stop.

Found this place by accident returning from the Tempe Art Festival.
What a hidden gem.
We stopped by because the were not overcrowded with Festival goers and it was on our way back to our car.
What a surprise!
I ordered the Chinese Takeout Burrito which consisted of crispy Sweet and Sour Chicken, fried rice and spring rolls all inside a flour (or wheat) tortilla.
It was huge and wonderful tasting.
I would have loved each item individually but it was extra special in the tortilla.
Nothing was mushy or mashed together.
I would order this in a heartbeat.
My hubby got the teriyaki chicken burrito and said it was fantastic.
We are definitely going to make a special trip from Gilbert to have lunch.
Be aware that this is inside a dark bar but understand there is outside seating.
Definitely worth a try.
The.
Young chef is brilliant.
Congrats.
Went there with hubby and chef friend today.
Again the food was great but the music was excessively loud and we could not hear to talk.

Wow the chicken caesar was so good and all that I wanted from a wrap and more!!
Great service and great food :)

Don't expect good service here.
This was my third time is the charm visit and they failed.
We sat there with empty glasses at the bar and got passed for 20 min.
When we finally asked for our check it took another 15 min.
I'd go into detail about my previous times here but it's not worth it.
I'll just say this was right on par.
So long CASA.

What happened to this place?!
Completely changed their menu to not appetizing food and now the margaritas come out of tap!!!
Also, the waitress wouldn't take our food order, said we had to go to the bar.
Excuse me?
You won't take our food order, just the drinks?
Very unfortunate because this used to be our go to place.

C.A.S.A.
how I have tried to like you.
I would say I've been there 30+ times and certainly more than that if you consider it's previous life as Chronic Taco (same owner, same problems).
For the purpose of this review I will stick to the outside bar since that is where I have spent of the majority of my time.
I will start out with the one positive that the food here is fairly decent for inexpensive bar food.
They have a creative twist on several entrees that make it worth the occasional stop in.
Location-wise the sun makes it difficult to enjoy this place year around and it can be down right blinding during sunset.
Location isn't what really kills this place though.
It is the lack of any operational savvy by the management team and disengaged owner.
I certainly see Scotty there fairly often but he never seems very interested in anyone other then his friends.
I often joke when I get dragged here that they will certainly mess up my drink run out of a key ingredient (like soda water) or just in general make a mistake.
However, it's not even the mistakes that kill this place for me.
It's the horribly rude bartenders and managers.
It's so bad it's almost funny.
They give me someone else's credit card back and glare at me like it's my fault ?
Ok C.A.S.A.
I've tried.
I hope you are successful, but I just can't come here anymore.

YUM.
I eat here at least once a week because  cant get enough of the Humanitarian which is grilled veggies, hummus, and chicken.
They  usually have a neat craft beer to offer.
We usually have Brittany as our server and she rocks the house They have switched to an all burrito menu and the concepts are pretty unique..
I like the fact that you can for go the tortilla and just eat the filling.
Their green chili mac and cheese is to DIE FOR.
The chef  even comes  table side to ensure you've enjoyed your meal.
They did make some changes but life is about change and the food is good enough to adapt.

This place has a great location, and the bbq chicken/mac and cheese burrito is delicious.
The drinks are fairly cheap and they have happy hour specials.
Now for the downside...The service is atrocious.
5 times in a row that I've been here, I couldn't get a waitress.
I got up and left two times, the other times I had to order at the bar and take everything back to the table.
So in summary, good food, good prices, but unless you plan on tackling a waitress, just save yourself some time and order directly from the bar.
If someone would just go in and train the wait staff properly, this place would be great.

This place never fails at being just terrible.
Don't get me wrong, love the mojitos, but dang is the service just BAD.
I always try to give it the benefit of the doubt thinking that they have GOT to have things figured out by now, but I am always wrong.
Always.
Shall I explain why?
Oh ok, if you insist.
One of the first times I was there, I ordered a salad.
Waited 10 min for silverware.
2 of the MAIN ingredients were not present (pomegranates and avocado) .
When I asked why they said they were out of pomegranates, and didn't know why the avocado wasn't on it.
So they bring me the avocado, and might I add that it was 10 minutes AFTER I finished the wimpy salad.
When I get my bill, guess what I was charged for...A SIDE OF AVOCADO.
I voiced my issues to my server, and then never saw him again.
Then drinks took forever, when it was not even busy.
I just had it.
I have never been so baffled with the service at a restaurant so I asked to speak to the manager just simply to tell him how things were going so he was aware of how things were being handled.
Let's just say he wasn't good with constructive confrontation.
Went there the other day and had the same lousy experience.
BUT I do want to say that our server JAMILA was really nice and on top of things for our table.
Just a few side notes of things that surprised me.
3 dollars for ROX.
Signage of deals for the day/hour are not clear.
The amount of ice they crush into the glass is very overwhelming.
We ordered the buckets and it was all ice!
I was bummed with how much of a buzz I didn't experience.

I am sitting here as I type this.
I finally got a beer after 8 minutes of sitting at the bar  -- they are NOT busy.
I waited another bunch of minutes to get bartender to take my food order .
A whole bunch of employees just talking to one another.
Wish I left instead of torturing myself with this social experiment.
Spend you money somewhere else.
I will say the food was very good.

CASA is a disappointment.
It's really hard to understand how the managers of this place can allow such inept staff.
The bar itself is perfectly situated in the heart of tempe and is composed entirely of patio seats.
You would think that you really couldn't go wrong with a setup like this in sunny Tempe, AZ.
Service:  Unfortunately, the owners/managers have decided on a staff of security and bar tenders who would rather talk to each other then make sure that their guests are enjoying themselves.
Their waitress although pleasant and apologetic cannot seem to get you a drink in under 15 minutes and will likely forget an item or two off your order.
I don't know if they are woefully understaffed or they are just slowed down due to their chatty staff and the fact that their kitchen is actually located at a neighboring bar two doors down!
Drinks:  It truly is a shame their staff is terrible because their drinks can be quite good.
I love their mojito I just don't when or if I will actually get one do to their ineffective staff  Food:  Their food is a big miss.
Basically they have decided to take random cuisines and repurpose them as burritos.
Fettuccine Alfredo burrito?
Thanksgiving dinner burrito?
Chicken in broccoli maybe?
I really don't know what they are thinking.
This location has so much promise I hope the management can turn it around but after visiting this place 4 or 5 times it doesn't look like it's going to happen.

I love this place...I've been here 3 times now, and love introducing it to new people.
The burritos are awesome and I enjoy the staff.
To be fair, you have to dig the vibe they give.
If you're expecting a fancy, sit-down restaurant, don't come here.
This is still a bar at the end of the day, and the most popular dive bar I've ever seen.
I love it

Did you say $5 don Julio shots?????
$4 margaritas?????
You can bet your *** that anytime you come here you will hear this.
To me that is music to my ears!
Why?
Oh because I LOVE tequila.
Just no gold tequila unless it's in a margarita that's okay.
Now if you are already feeling it from prior drinks elsewhere and are looking to eat this is a place to come when you have friends with you to sit upstairs and take it easy and knock some more drinks back.
Because during the time you wait depending on your waitress you might have to wait a bit you might not.
Now when my friend and I went on Friday we weren't concerned really on how long it took between things until we wanted to pay for our tab.
Apparently the waitress was down stairs serving as well.
We easily could have ditched our tab in which my friend was saying we should do but since it was Friday the 13th I felt like we would get bad juju for something like that.
So we had to search high and low for this waitress of ours and told another waitress we needed to leave right now and had to get our waitress then she came running.
When you are working multiple tables on multiple levels I don't expect prompt service on a Friday night just a good place to come for drinks really because the Mac and cheese burrito is okay at best.
Nothing spectacular just better drunk food then filibertos nonsense!

Great place to drink on the patio on a beautiful Phoenix day!
Great drink selection and friendly servers.

