I wish I could give them zero stars.
This business was not prepared for the superbowl VIP reservations.
No system and total disregard for their supposed VIP customers.
The management was nowhere to be found when customers were asking to explain the situation.
Completely unacceptable and no sense of customer service.
We paid reservations for a VIP table and they made us wait outside 45 mins and missed kickoff.

This place has the worst customer service ever, and management is disorganized and rude.
We had paid $150 per person for super bowl reservations, and showed up over an hour early to wait in line.
After waiting an hour, we were still hundreds of people away from the door and decided to leave and go to the bar across the hall to avoid missing the start of the game.
The worst part was just how rude management was, and the fact that the owners were hiding inside not dealing with the hundreds of angry/disappointed patrons.
I would never return here.

DON'T ever go to this bar, especially for any event!
Ditto on all 1 star comments for Super Bowl Sunday event.
Hundreds of people waiting in line for over an hour and still miss the kickoff.
We reserved a table (which included unlimited drinks 1 hour prior to kickoff - but NONE given) even got a confirmation from Lauren (event director), yet when we finally got to the front to be seated, they did NOT have my name on the list!
We could not be accomodated so found a nicer comfortable lounge in Palazzo.
Benjamin T. (5 star review) you either work for the company, know someone there or one of the rare lucky few who was serviced.
I can guarantee 90% of those who attended were not happy of how the event was organized, but most won't waste their time writing a review.
This place doesn't deserve being in a property as Venetian.
The locals in my group will NEVER recommend this place to anyone.
Wish could give it minus stars!

I had a good time here last night, full bar, fun layout.
It was mellow when we showed up, but got pretty packed/busy by the time I left.
There's a variety of seating options and a ton of TVs, so I can't wait to check it out for Football season.
I enjoyed the Chicken Avocado sliders and our bartender Lisa was very cool.
And beautiful!
This place delivers on the hot chicks for staff theme.
I had her mix me up a Mind Eraser and it was delicious.
Also funny was that it being on the strip, a gang of British dudes rolled in and couldn't get enough of the mechanical bull - haha!
And if you're looking for Beer Pong, they've got it too.
Anyway, I dug it.
They seem to have hit a nice balance for tourists and locals.

Bad service!
I knew they are new, but that's no reason for servers not to know the menu and drinks...hello... you specialize in your frozen drinks and the server had no idea what they were like.
"I don't know what it taste like, but the description sounds good".
The food came and then plates and utensils put on our table to set up ourselves.
I know it's a casual place, but really?!?!
So maybe only recommended for beer pong...

One word - unexpected.
On the surface a place that tags itself as an "ultra-dive bar" with a hot dog and taco menu, a mechanical bull, beer pong and a pool table has little appeal to me.
But it's also in the Venetian which usually means a snooty bartender will take 9 minutes to make a 13 ingredient, $21 martini.
Expensive "celebrity" chef snoots-ville is a Venetian specialty.
However this down to earth little gem is in the Venetian and nothing is infused, crushed or foamed and that suits me just fine.
It was really fun, the music was great, the food was scrumptious and because it is in the Venetian I didn't have to get a hep-c vaccine or up my hobo-stab insurance to brave some sketchy parking lot to get there.
Food wise what I would expect from a bar is some crappy frozen, reheated garbage on a plastic plate.
It was on a plastic plate but it was fricking delicious.
Under protest I tried the mini chili cheese hotdogs.
Chili and cheese usually gives me heartburn and because I don't really like chili cheese hotdogs it's not worth it so I avoid them.
But I tried these and they were so good I went back a couple days later and ordered them again, this time armed with a handful of Tums to maximize enjoyment.
And they have soft-serve ice-cream - yum.
What was also unexpected is that admittedly on the surface I appear to be a "corporate type" and I thought this place would be full of "dirt-bag types.
"  It wasn't.
The crowd ranges the socioeconomic spectrum which makes for a great atmosphere.
There were a few more English dudes there than I would have liked, but I also think there was some weird convention that week.
There are a couple of things to be aware of.
There was prolific use of a smoke machine by the DJ - a little The Beach circa 1999.
If you have a couple drinks and then become tempted to get on the mechanical bull, think twice.
I saw a couple of ladies scamper on that thing and it was not hot.
More like awkward dry-humping.
But in those ladies defenses they did appear to think they looked pretty sexy.
Also some of the cocktail waitresses' outfits were not the most becoming (i.e.
pudgy stripper).
Maybe someone should have an uncomfortable conversation with a couple of them, but I was told by my male companions they were all hot and I was crazy.
Highly recommend.

I really liked this place.
Good vibe, good music, a good first stop of the night.
Overall, it was fun and unpretentious unlike many of the clubs.
No cover, and got in for free drinks!

I came here for a March Madness special they were having last weekend, unlimited draft beers and well drinks all day for $50.
Needless to say, I had a great time!
I was actually here when it was Smokin' Hot Aces a few years ago.
I really like what they've done with the rennovations and decor.
The Rockhouse is actually a decent venue albeit the location (2nd floor of the Venetian l Palazzo down a corridor by Barney's New York and across from First Food) isn't exactly the best.
Unfortunately, I have never been to the old Rockhouse at Imperial Palace, so I have no basis of comparison.
Our server, Ashley, was incredibly friendly and charismatic.
She did a great job taking care of our large group during such a busy time.
The food is pretty good for bar food.
Just a note though, most of their portions are small, almost tapas-esque.
I had the chipotle chicken sliders.
They had a nice tame kick to them.
I kept seeing people order the tacos and mini corn dog thingys (which were really cute btw) and all the food received moans and nods of approval.
The bar has 65 TVs, pool tables, foosball, beer pong, a mechanical bull, cheap drinks, and multiple entry points.
I highly recommend it if you're on the strip or in town visiting.

The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars to be honest is because it doesn't seem to attract a crowd..on a Friday.
Now trust, I am not one to like being packed like sardines but a good decent sized crowd here and there isn't bad.
We were drawn here because some kid gave us a drink promo ticket.
We didn't end up using it but we DID have $5 jager bombs and bought a $20 pitcher and played beer pong.
BEER PONG!
I realize now that the amount of germs we probably consumed by playing BP in a bar was probably ridiculous, but clearly we didn't care.
The bartenders were really chill and they have an electric bull!
LADIES!
Please, if you are wearing a dress..not the best time to jump on that thing.
If you are not into a place with a strict dress code and a chill environment (I say this because we were in formal dresses/toms/flip flops and track pants), check this place out.

Best Tacos and Tiny Hot Dogs!
New location is amazing.
My roommates and I love going there for food and drinks.
That atmosphere is always amazing amung locals and tourists.

I haven't had a chance to eat the food yet but I came on a night where there was a frat-party...I was a little skeptical about the age of the kids allowed in, during the frat party they did allow people who were underage in, and those who were of age wore wristbands...however that really didn't seem to stop kids from drinking; remove that and it was a fun atmosphere.
They have beer pong, and the drinks are good.
The design is really fun and alternative and my husband and I enjoyed watching the music videos, dancing around and having a few drinks.

I loved this place when it was at the old location in front of Imperial Palace and I just checked it out yesterday and still love it.
The location inside of the Venetian isn't the greatest, but the venue itself if pretty cool.
Awesome pool tables and beer pong tables and so many TV's plus a mechanical bull... aaaaaand a cage you can hang from (see photo.
) We all ordered the tacos and they were pretty damn good.
You can pay $50 for open bar all day.
They also have buy 1 get 1 happy hour well drinks.
Mechanical bull is free to ride  for women and $5 for guys.
We had a very good time even though it was kind of dead for a Sunday afternoon.
Hopefully they promote it a little better to get more people in...
Even if they don't I'll be back!

The decor was rocking.
I ordered the build your own fish tacos and to my surprise I got three mini tacos.
The tacos were ok.
I had better.
The service was slow.
The White Russian drink was delicious.
I feel that the prices for the food was too much for the small portion.

I had the Mahi Mahi tacos minus the Mahi Mahi due to my vegetarian/vegan diet and I was left with cucumbers and tomatoes.
It was surprisingly good.
The ingredients were fresh and the tortillas were warmed up to just the right temperature.
I would eat there again.
Again if I knew how to give 3&1/2 stars I would but I don't so I'll give 4.

Beer pong is pretty awesome here.

While staying at the Palazzo in Las Vegas, we walking around in between breakfast time and lunch time.
We were trying to hold out for the number one buffet in all of Vegas, but we desperately needed a snack.
A bartender was just outside The Rockhouse door promoting a special for $1.50 tacos.
Initially, we walked away, but then we walked back to look at a menu.
We ended up ordering several tacos and some criss cut fries.
In regards to the tacos, they were small but very tasty.
The mahi mahi were the best with the chicken coming in second.
The fries were amazing, and you should try them.
Our bartender, Eva, was awesome.
She shared several stories and provided a lot of information about the best pool clubs in Vegas.
Eva was an excellent representative for the business, and the food was worth the price.
I forgot to mention that the beer on tap was very cold and well-priced.

Good layout, friendly staff, and excellent waffle fries.
The place didn't get jumping until almost midnight.
The ratio of men to women was terrible, about 75/25 percent so if you're a single guy, be aware.
Maybe I came on a bad night.

Cool space, relatively friendly staff, Taco Tuesday represents a chance to get out of here for $10.
But like most places in Vegas, $6 for a Bud Light feels strange and un-American, so come in knowing that you are gonna drop cash on drinks and you'll be fine.
Tried a fish taco, a chorizo, the chipotle chicken and the steak/blue cheese taco.
Chirizo and chipotle were better than the other two, but nothing was a home run here.
I'm not sure I would go back unless it's Tuesday!

Nice little spot in the Venetian hotel.
It is located at the 2nd floor next to the Grand Canal Shoppes.
I wouldn't say it's a nice place to relax after a hectic day of shopping because it does get crowded during games.
Honestly, the food is great but it's nothing special.
It's not like buffalo wild wings or hooters.
The only great thing about it is that you may customize your food however you please!
I was disappointed about their buffalo wings because 75% was skin/breading 25% meat.
You're better off making your own taco or hotdog than the wings.
I liked their chicken chipotle slider with bacon.
Omfg.
Idk the spiciness is just right for me.
The pros outweigh the cons of this restaurant in my opinion... Pros: - The waitresses really take care of you and they're hospitable!
- Have you seen the 88oz guitar drink container?!
It's badass, get your mixed drink in there and walk around the strip feeling like a rockstar.
- Entertainment; there are various games to play which include: table hockey, pool, foosball, and not to mention the mechanical bull ride.
You can never have too much of a laugh when drunk chicks just try and dominate the thing.
Cons: - Kind of a small place so it get's pretty crowded - Be careful of where you sit because there are certain spots in the air conditioning vents where there's water droplets - The wings... Ehhh, I'll give it a C-

I purchased a groupon deal.
An all day wristband that allows u unlimited cocktails (draft beers, well drink and wine) for $24.99.
Thought this was an awesome deal especially because their beers are $7 each.
When we first arrived we were escorted by the friendly hostess to the bar area in the rear.
There was 1 bartender at the time (a  short black girl with glasses, sorry cant remember her name, but she appeared to be the only black girl working there at that time)...
I wasnt too worried about there only being 1 bartender because it was only about 5 people in the bar at that time.
She asked for our IDs, we showed them and soon as we informed her that we had groupon deals its like her attitude completely changed!
It took her LITERALLY 20mins to give us a cran & vodka.
Keep in mind there were only about 5people at the bar (not including us, party of 2)!!!!!
We watched her wait on a small group of women (4 older ladies), who entered the bar about 10mins AFTER we did, while we still hadnt received our cran and vodka order.
We didnt even bother to order food here because her service was so BAD!
We took our 1 drink and left.
We grabbed a bite from another hotel and went back about 1 1/2 hours later hoping she would have a better attitude and we'd get better service.
WRONG!!!
This time there were about 7 or 8 people at the bar... We grabbed 2 of the many seats open at the bar, the same bartender walked past us at least 3 time without even acknowledging us.
We sat for another 5mins before she walked over to 2 girls that were sitting beside us (who had just finished their meal, drinks and were getting ready to pay the bill) & held a 10min convo with them, still not asking if we needed to order or cared for a drink!
We got up and went to the bar in the front dining area of this place (which was closed the 1st time we came in earlier) & we were greeted and served right away!
The bartender in the rear ruined the experience for us and we wont be back if shes bartending.

The place is really nice has good atmosphere.
Although some of the waitresses could use some touch ups.
She was not very helpful and our food came 45 min later cold!
The general manager was very nice very helpful

This bar is classified as a "dive bar".
Seriously?
On the strip, in the venitian, trendy food menu, bathroom attendants.
Sorry even by Vegas standards that is not a dive bar.
That said, for a sports bar on the strip, this is pretty decent.
Good college football coverage, decent food, attentive staff.

Glad to hear they reopened and relocated The Rockhouse.
We went there for the all you can drink all day since we got a Groupon for $29.99.
Good deal and good times.

Boring.
This place was dead and they still wanted to charge a cover fee.
Their service is awful even with the place completely empty.
It took them 30 minutes to bring our order.
The security guys are a bunch of losers.
With their little power they act like bullies.
I put my head down for a second.
Wasn't sleep or anything.
Just rested it on the table.
Get told I can't sleep in there.
Not my fault this place is lame.

"The Only Las Vegas Ultra-Dive Bar" might make you dive out the window into the Venetian lagoon below.
First of all, f* you for calling anything an 'Ultra-dive' bar.
You contain none of the features found in a good dive bar or an ultra lounge.
You are a sports bar, Rockhouse.
Own it (or take down your 80+ tv's playing sports).
Unfortunately, they fail at the sports bar elements too.
Drink prices at $8/shot and $12/cocktail?
Huh.
Why are you here?
I can get a (better) $12 cocktail at a reputable joint somewhere else in the Venetian.
Isn't this a $5 pint of Jack 'n coke type of place?
WTF?
The food was a fail for me as well.
The grilled chicken and avocado sliders should be renamed "wood chip served between a sawdust bun" as they were dry, tiny and tasteless.
Sure, you can come here with good company (as I did) and have fun, but that can be done anywhere in the area.
Oh yea, they have a mechanical bull.
Ride it.
NEXT!

"Dive bar" is appropriate.
Funky little joint situated at the end of a lengthy corridor.
From inside the Venetian/Palazzo, if you don't know where you're going, you'll probably never find it.
We were actually planning to go to the restaurant across the hall from this place, but it was not open so we went in here instead.
Initial impression was that it could be a really cool joint.
It has a funky vibe to it that isn't quite "bar" and isn't quite "restaurant".
We managed to snag a nice spot by the big opening window/wall area where we could overlook the Strip.
Only problem, which became apparent very quickly, was that the waitress didn't seem to want to come over there and "wait" on us.
After sitting there for a rather lengthy time she finally stopped by and said "Oh, I didn't see you guys over here" after walking right past us a half dozen times.
I came back a couple times after the first visit and found the service to be roughly the same.
If you're in any sort of hurry, steer clear!
The food was decent.
It wasn't amazing, like so many other food options on the Strip.
But it wasn't bad either.
The Taco Tuesday menu was actually really nice and I sampled about half of that menu.
Given the chance, I'd just order the tacos if I were you.
they are actually really good.
The mechanical bull was entertaining to watch after the sun went down.
With a funky mix of "urban cowboys", dudes looking to "score" and girls who fawn over beer pong this place can be rather entertaining at night.
But the lack of quality service in a town known for customer service leads me to knock some stars off my rating.
I shouldn't have to sit there for 10 minutes (each time I went there) before someone finally waits on me.

Gross food.
Bad service.
Come here to watch football, but make sure you eat and drink before you get here.
Two stars just because we got a table with a nice view.
With so many other better options, I'm not sure how this place is still open.

As we neared the Wynn hotel, cards for the Rockhouse were coming at us like bees to honey.
Feeling a tad hungry we decided to give it a whirl and I am glad we did.
Far from a dive bar, you could consider The Rockhouse a laid back and unpretentious bar environment.
The cards I mentioned before, were intended specfically to promote drink specials which I could not completely wrap my mind around after a being over-served Bloody Mary's at the sports book.
The Rock Me Like a Hurricane was a double Bacardi and Amaretto drink which was over priced at $12.00 even with the free draft beer, which was the hook of the cards.
But I can not complain as our server Marisa was up to the task of great recommendations and a freebie after we ordered another round.
The Buffalo Smokin' Hot Wings were fairly priced at $11.95 for ten very plump and fresh wings and tasted as though they were pre-grilled then deep-fried prior to the sauce being added.
Although I believe my exact quote was "Gimme your hottest wing and make 'em hurt" I was not suffering any heat pains which oddly is a feeling I enjoy.
The Steak and Pickle Taco's oozed grease and the pickles were not the vegetable I would have complimented the very nice pieces of carne asada steak bits.
The chef came out personally to deliver my wings with a smile that could illuminate the Mines of Moria (Lord of the Rings reference).
and went back in the kitchen to get me an additional side of blue cheese at no additional charge.
If the same request was given to a chef in my area, you had better duck and quick as a frying pan could be heading your way via airmail.

We were in town shopping before the New Year's celebration during New Year's Eve.
We went there because a guy outside that works there told me and my wife it was Taco Tuesday, and tacos were a buck fifty a piece.
Place was just okay, the girl that was working the mechanical bull really knows how to ride.
Our server disappeared on us and went on break and did not inform us.
I don't think that the server cared about the gratuity on a forty dollar bill, but I tipped her ten bucks anyways because I was in a good mood.
I would go there again for the tacos, they were good.

Seriously one of my favorite places in Vegas!
A must stop by every time!
They recently upgraded and moved to the venetian!
I was a little sad to hear that at first because I loved their location!
But they definitely made it worth it!
I love the staff and now they have a mechanical bull!
Definitely go by and enjoy your time there!

83 TV's is nice but then it's not so nice.
Football playoff's and the half time entertainment had a guy yelling into the mike with the blown speakers : Geeze, back off the mike a few inches at least .
As well they did not stop when the 3rd qrt began.
The beer: so-so.
A fleck of debris in my pitcher & our server was willing to yes her finger to scoop it out....
So no reason to replace the beer  Food: bar food and eat it sparingly.
Choose this as when most else is not available

Great fun.
Good food.
Lots of tv's.
staff was friendly and service was excellent.
Nothing to complain about at the Rockhouse.

In Vegas for Super Bowl and my buddies and I stopped in at the Rock House to have some drinks and get something to eat.
We were promptly seated by the hostess and it went downhill from there.
We waited nearly 20 minutes before a waitress showed up.
We had waited so long we had all decided what we were going to eat in addition to our drinks.
She took our drink orders but refused to take our food order also.
Another 10 minutes elapsed before our drinks arrived by another waitress who also declined to take our food order.
We waited approximately 30 minutes before another waitress showed up to take our food order.
The ironic thing is the restaurant was nearly empty.
Food arrived rather quick but it was so bad I could not finish my chicken and avocado sliders.
It tasted like gas station food.
I asked for the tab so I could get out of there because the service and food  was so bad.
It took nearly an hour.
I finally got a hold of two separate servers before our bill was presented.
I do not recomemmend Rock House.
There is an obvious problem with management and training.
Staff was rude.
Bottom line, eat somewhere else.

This place is a tourist trap.
Typical bad management and over priced Vegas Strip bar/restaurant.
Not worth going.

I would prefer to give this dump 0 stars.
Bad food, horrible service, and on top of that they tried to rip us off.
Paid $175 for seats to watch superbowl with open bar service.
The waitress was non-existant and we had to wait 30 mins/pitcher of beer at the bar.
When we got our bill at the end of the game it included a built in 20% gratuity....$150!
Took another hour to find a manager to argue with to get it removed.
I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.

I don't usually write bad reviews unless businesses really screw up.
We were at this place to watch the Super Bowl and had reserved a table for 6 a month in advance.
We paid $175 per person for a table which was supposed to be by the bar area according to the girl over the phone.
We made sure to get there early so we can get a good seat.
When we got there the place was almost empty and names were already written for tables.
We were put in the back room at a small table where the tv was barely visible.
We politely asked for the manager and told him we were promised a table in the bar area.
He was the rudest manager and said "you have two choices.
Keep the table.
Leave and be charged half of the reservation @175 per person" there were plenty of tables open and he could've swapped us for another party since our reservation was made a month in advance.
We continued to ask him for a better seat and he just walked away.
We asked to see our agreement and he sent a security guard to kick us out.
The only nice person in the whole place was the security guard who understood that our seating was pretty bad.
I would never step foot in this place.
With so many places in Vegas there is no need to go here.
I only have 1 star because there was no option for zero.
Worst experience ever!

Great food, phenomenal service.
Will recommend to everyone!!!
Kat is a great asset to Rockhouse she makes you feel like you're being entertained at someones home.
Note, yelp asked me to finish this review, no idea why it didn't post, it's from Feb 2013

was a little apprehensive about coming here because I didn't want to go somewhere wild for dinner but we got there early enough, it wasn't bad at all.
Food was AMAZING, best hot dogs I've ever had, they were mini too and you could chose from numerous toppings.
The staff was very helpful and friendly as well.
We'll definitely be coming back!

All I remember from The Rockhouse is we were walking the strip and the girls that worked there approached us and asked if we wanted the two for one drink special.
We figured what do we have to loose, so we went in and sat down.
The place was empty, and just didn't have a good vibe.
We each had a vodka cranberry and the pours were not heavy at all, in fact all I tasted was cranberry.
We kind of felt like we wasted our time.

Welcomed by friendly folks, they honored or coupon for BOGO drinks at 11 am, were totally cool with our kids- let them play foosball, and ride the bull.
Grab the coupon in one of the free mags around your hotel.
Totally fun atmosphere and will be back.
It is BAR people ... not Circus Circus - however they were welcoming, friendly and fun for kids and adults that can behave themselves.

Vodka lover... so was ecstatic over their Thursday drink specials... 2 dollar vodka and cranberry!!
It was awesome to have found such a chill place.. With Great music and cheap drinks AT THE VENETIAN!
Wow..  Also tried the Scooby Snack drink.. Was oohhh sooo delicious !!
Will definitely revisit when back in vegas

Cheap drinks, friendly cute girls outside, cool bartender,  no cover early in the night.
Plus the bartender actually knew how to make a proper amaretto sour.
Delish!
Coolfor more laid back people who want to dance without getting squashed and shuffled through lines.
Its not as flashy as some bars, but who cares?

Drinks are overpriced but strong.
Service is friendly but mediocre and the food is okay but I've had better.
Overall not my favorite but if your a 20 something female you'll prolly do okay.
There's a mechanical bull free for chick's guys pay 5 bucks.
I'll just wait for Saddle Ranch Chophouse to open.

Looks like a dive but the staff are AWESOME!
Food tastes really AWESOME had spinach and artichoke dip with pico de gallo and wow what a taste it has!
The waitress that served us was terrific!
It was a cool atmosphere we spent 5-6 hrs watching sports and drinking beer and the waitress was very attentive and made sure we were still comfortable the entire time!
Can't wait to return to Vegas and one of my first stops is The Rockhouse!

I had a good time.
I wasn't really sure what to expect from this self professed dive bar, but I had a really good time.
The staff was good and super friendly, mostly.
The $50 all you can drink wristband was what drew us in.
It is valid all day and you don't have to sit there, you can come and go as you please.
I didn't want to have to wear high heels and dress, though I did wear a skirt.
There is no real dress code or 1000 people line up to get in.
All of this appeals to me.
I just want to have fun now and not wait in line for hours.
The only downside I saw to the $50 wristband is that you can't get doubles, has to be mixed, and they don't really seem to be in a rush to serve you.
There were a couple bartenders that were great.
A couple that completely ignored me.
That almost killed the night!
The pool table was a little lopsided, maybe even lumpy.
I am not that bad at pool, but I did have a few drinks in me.
The mechanical bull was fun to watch, couldn't quite drink up enough courage to give it a shot.
They usually have to move tables to get a dance floor going, but there wasn't a lot of people when we were there so they didn't bother.
There was a menu as well, but I didn't partake.
From the looks of the food coming out, it was on par with any standard pub.
I really liked the location, the type of venue, and just the general atmosphere.
I will definitely be back.

Ordered Nachos.
Then Paradise Fish Tacos.
This is not real food.
Microwaved crap.
Do not eat here under any circumstances -- you've been warned!

Stayed in the Palazzo at my last visit to Las Vegas.
The Rockhouse was the first alcoholic icee place we ran into so we decided to try it out.
It's definitely more sweet and less alcoholic than the famous Fat Tuesday's.
I got a 32 oz and barely caught a buzz!

They are not attentive and they have no clue how to run this place.
People can easily walk on in their bill because they don't pay attention and have no clue what is going on.
I waited for a table for 15 minutes and no server came.
I had to fetch a manager who was wearing a NY Yankees hat, jeans and a blue sport coat.
Did not have the appearance of  a manager.
Had to clue what to do but to offer us a drink on the house.
We were brought our order and our server never checked in on us.
These people have no clue what they are doing.

We came on a Tuesday and it was taco Tuesday.
It was a launch point for our evening.
Service was not on their b game let alone a game.
We had to walk to bar to locate waitress several times.
She'd deliver one order and walk off without taking order of other people who had met at table (party of 8) after she took first order   Maybe it gets better as the evening warms up but for kicking things off and getting some bland tacos with no sauce options other than what's in a packet it wasn't that impressive.

They tried to charge us a cover of $5/pp but we could tell the place was dead and wanted to just play some beer pong so we didn't think it was worth it.
They let us in anyway.
We played some beer pong which was a nice set up, and watched the idiots fall of the mechanical bull (they still have those?).
All and all, a descent spot to stop off and play some beer pong, listen to music, and hang out with friends.

Awesome drinks and great staff!
A special thanks to Johnny the D.O for taking care of us so well and the batenders for being so awesome and accommodating.
We will be back !
Thanks again for making my mom's birthday so special!

A group of us went here for Super Bowl and reserved the place before we came out there from the bay area and one of my friends flew 16hours over seas and was treated horriably!
We reserved it weeks prior and chose The RockHouse because of the great reviews it got from other friends of ours!Never in my life have I seen so much unprofessionalism from an establishment.We were seated in the worst location po We asked to see the contract and a seating chart and we got yelled at and got kicked out, by far the worst service I have seen in years!!
I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy!

Fuck this place, I waited in line for 2hrs and they cut me off zero s stars as far um concerned .
Horrible costomer service.
Don't go their.

Atmosphere didn't bother me; when we showed up we were three of five white people in the place, the others looked terrified lol.
Waitress didn't know what a Thug Passion was and then asked if we were looking for drugs.
All that was fine because the music was good and people were having fun.
But one weak-ass drink sent us packing.
If you don't know how to make cocktails then maybe stick to beer and wine.

This place is kind of a mess but it is for sure a 3 and a half star place.
What I mean by a "mess" is that I feel like they have no direction in who they are trying to get in here.
It was kind of cool that it felt like anyone was welcome but I don't know who they are targeting.
There is a mechanical bull for the cowboys/cowgirls, stripper poles for the ladies, beer pong for the frat boys, punk rock serves, and hip-hop music.
There was just a lot of different things going on, but that did make it a little more fun as I just sat back and watched the show.
The drinks were a little less expensive then the average bar/night club, and they do offer some good deals.
There are also a tone of TV's and of course each one is playing something different.
This is a coin toss...go there or don't but if you do, they will have something you enjoy and something you wont.

We came in for $1.5 (Some were $2) tacos and $5 margaritas.
The tacos were good, nothing exceptional but for $2 or less they were good.
We were in and out pretty quickly, nothing really inviting about the place - but it was nice for a quick, cheap meal.

The Rockhouse is located in the Venetian, right off Las Vegas Blvd.
They offer a mechanical bull, beer pong tables, pool table, 2 full bars, and a decent menu for grub.
The daily deal is buy 1 drink and get 1 free and they do hold their word to it which is great.
The food is hit or miss, as the chips were stale but the philly cheese steak sliders weren't bad just a little salty.
They offer a $50 open bar deal where it's all you can drink for only $50 but it doesn't include all the alcohol there, only a selected menu.
The music is classic rock to modern day hits.
The staff was hit or miss as some were great and others not too quick to serve you.
Some of the staff, mainly a guy, had a real gutter mouth on him, it's not a bad thing for me but I did notice kids were present and ladies as well, plus it's not a real dive bar in a crappy part of town so tone it down there guy.
The bar is divided into 2 sections, the main area with the mechanical bull and the smaller side bar with the pull table.
I would definitely come back here but they can use better quality food and reevaluate their staff being the prime location they're in.
Hopefully a future 4 to 5 star rating next time.

