Great Service, on time with all repairs.
Friendly knowledgeable staff that help solve your issues and explain the process.
Will definitely be back.

I will begin this review with the note that the service has not been completed as yet for us.....
However, what we have experienced up to this point has been less than satisfactory.
Cons (so far) A.
They tell you right upfront that you will pay $40 no if's and's or getting it back if they can't fix it for them to even consider looking at a wet iPhone.
BTW... their website says free diagnosis (this is the second reason we chose this place, the first being below).
That apparently does NOT apply to phones that have gone swimming.
I am not sure exactly how I feel about this honestly.
I have had 4 wet iPhones at this point with a 0% success rate in getting one actually "fixed.
Two of the times I took the phones to get fixed here in Las Vegas and this was my experience with cost:        1.                one shop told me they could not fix it but asked if I was still within warranty on the phone and I was.
They then worked on the phone to make it look like it hadn't been in water and instructed me to go to the Apple Store and get my replacement and not to mention the water.
This worked and they charged me nothing for this entire service.
I went back and tipped them the $40 upon successful exchange.
2.                the other company charged a $30 dollar fee and was not able to fix the phone.
These guys fall along the lines of this establishment.
With that said...  B.
We dropped it off on Thursday evening before closing and had not heard anything from them as of yesterday (Tuesday).
Their hours on here say that they are open on Saturday but they assuredly are NOT, as we were informed.
I called Tuesday midday to get a status and they had not even touched the phone since Thursday.
Seriously?
After walking the person on the phone through the entire scenario again and his comments divulging to me that they had done nothing, he tells me he is going to try and replace the battery and will get back to me tomorrow.
That's today and I have heard nothing.
Why am I in charge of bugging the crap out of you for you to tell me what is going on with the phone?
This must be what my $40 dollars includes.
I honestly believe that any iPhone that takes a nice 10 second dip in the pool (in nice quasi water proof case or not) can not be fixed.
I have had four do this and after the first loss, I then followed all of the instructions of what to do and not to do when they hit the water - no power, no sync, rice, etc.
and they have still not been able to be fixed.
In knowing that this is how I truly feel, I don't know why I continue to HOPE that one day "life after swimming" for the iPhone will someday exist.
and support the booming iPhone repair niche here.
They probably knew it the second we told them what happened that there was no hope for the phone, but suckered us into the $40 dollars we would never see again anyways.
And as it seems now, they are intending on keeping the dead phone because they haven't gotten back to us, and the phone stays busy after 2pm nonstop.
Pro This shop was closer to our house than driving to Spring Mountain.
I guess in the back of my mind I was thinking "If they aren't going to be able to fix it, I didn't drive as far to find that out.
I will post an update if we get the phone back.

Im sure everyone has had bad experiences as consumers and so have I.
This happens to be the first time though Ive ever had to sit down and write a comment like this.
I dropped my ipod off at this store about three weeks ago to get it fixed since the sound wasn't coming through the headphone jack.
Filled out the proper paperwork and I was told by the employee I would get an estimate within 48 hours.
After a week of waiting I called and asked for an estimate.
After being on hold for 15 minutes and him not "finding" my ipod I was told I would get a call from the owner the following day.
Three days later with no callback I called Imergency again.
Still cant find my ipod.
A few days later I call back and Im reassured that a part they are waiting on will be in the following business day.
Guess what no phone call.
After two and a half weeks I finally get a call explaining the part is in and that the repair will be finished within the next two days.
I have two questions...
Still no estimate, so he tells me $65.
No problem.
My next question is will my music be saved on it.
yes, he reassures me the mother board and the hard drive are two separate things and the music will be saved without a doubt.
I just got back from the store and after checking the ipod.
Guess what, my music has been erased.
After telling the man at the counter whats been going on for 10 minutes who I have never dealt with, the guy who repaired the ipod and has been listening in the back the entire time decides to come out and tell me that he remembers my conversation with another employee and doesn't remember anything about him telling me the music being saved.
How then do I know that the hard drive and mother board are completely separate in the ipod.
HIs face goes blank and he has no answer.... After still charging me the full amount and not having any kind of answer to why it happened or why they couldnt just tell me the music would be lost so I could take it elsewhere, I end up leaving.
Needless to say these people were completely ignorant to who is telling their customers what and a totally lacking in any kind of customer service.
No way in hell I will ever take a piece of electronics to this store again!

Fast turnaround, affordable and excellent customer service!
Highly recommend for iPad and iPhone repair!

By far one of the best places I have been to as far as your local iPhone savers.
Don't judge a book by its cover ..
They are definitely a mellow place, but the people there are down to earth and really want to help.
They helped me with getting my iPad 3 getting fixed while other stores are saying their are more problems than one.
They were honest and gave me a reasonable price.
They are very reliable in my opinion.
It just reminds me of friends who are looking out for friends.

Drop your phone in water?
Call these guys.
They are the best.
My husbands iPhone got dropped in water and Clinton was able to restore it.
FABULOUS !!!!!!!!

Posting an update, as a repsonse to Josh's 'defense' of his company's operating policy, and personal slams of my review.
I have seen a lot of scathing defensive responses to poor reviews and I get it.
I have a lot of friends who struggle with people who intentionally post negative reviews when the customer doesn't get their way, but personally never experienced one myself until now, and I feel I need to update my review accordingly.
As a side note, I apologize for not posting the finality of the situation.
There are a couple of reasons why.
If the story had a fairy tale ending I would feel compelled to get online and correct my posting as not to draw customers away from the amazing miracles this company could accomplish.
Although I am an Elite Yelper, I have a job that takes me out of the country on a regular basis and has me working mostly 18 hour days where the last thing I want to do is get online and rehash a bad experience by updating the previous entry.
Although I worked another 18 hour day and just completed sifting through emails to find this rebuttle, I'll provide my update.
Update: The stars here on this review do not change as we did receive the phone back.
It worked for a couple of days and then died again.
We ended up working with one of those company's like Gazelle (I think is the name) that pays you for your dead, broken phones, etc.
We received 50 dollars.
There was no defrauding this company, as we did speak with them directly and explain the entire situation.
I am at a loss for responding to the 'defrauding' Apple comment.
There is truly no excuse for how we handled that situation, no matter how upset I was to find out Applecare didnt cover water damage at the time, how desperate I was to replace the phone for work, etc.
The good news (for some) is that they do now, not once but twice per program so there is an alternative to gambling with companies that lead you to believe that water damage can be resolved.
And for a few dollars more than we wasted on this repair, you are GUARANTEED a replacement for the phone not once, but twice with the plan.
At this point, I would have to say that if this particular company was doing well, there might be more than 2 reviews and they would be better than mine.
I hope that there will be more reviews that are more glowing than mine was, but I am not going to attempt to avoid confrontation with a company via Yelp by writing a glowing review when it wasn't deserved.
I do appreciate the explanation of things regarding what all goes into the reasoning behind why you do business the way you do, it would be helpful if your staff would take the time and provide this information upon taking the phone from the customer.
I think there was some long piece of paper you asked us to sign that MIGHT have had this embedded in it somewhere but upon receiving the form, you could go the extra mile to help the customer understand these things you stated here, and that 'diagnosis' does not mean 'evaluation' (which is my bad on that part).
I would also think that posting scathing responses to poor reviews that include personal attacks on the reviewer, might be a bad Yelp response methodology - or it could just be insulting only to me, who knows.

I was in LV for business and needed my phone repaired fast.
Theses guys were friendly, helpful and did it in 30 minutes with parts on site.
Fair price, great service.

Took my iPhone in with a disconnected screen and he got everything good as new inside of ten minutes.
Much less than I expected and super fast and convenient.
I highly recommend Clinton to anyone with a phone issue.

I am super happy with the work that iMergency did on my cracked iPad screen.
They were fast and friendly and the iPad looks and works like new!

Great service, quoted me $55 to fix my on/off button on my iPhone.
Paid exactly $55 and it took 30 mins.

