We decided to try this new place on a Sunday morning.
Even though they were busy we only waited a few minutes.
The restaurant has a country theme without the cluttered look.
There are mostly booths (which I prefer) and a few tables.
The coffee was decent and a carafe was left at table as well as a bowl of french vanilla creamer cups.
I ordered the Biscuits Special which included two eggs cooked to order, biscuits and gravy, choice of potatoes, choice of meat.
The biscuits were light and fluffy, and the sausage gravy tasted homemade.
The hash browns were cooked perfectly; crispy without being burnt.
I ordered my eggs over-medium, and the turkey sausage.
Both were cooked as I liked.
All-in-all it was a great experience.
I will definitely recommend to friends.

Were were waiting for Biscuits to open near Sam's Club.
It was well worth the wait.
The food was delicious, the server was the BEST, and we left there vowing to return soon.

One of the best breakfast in town!!
I am usually reluctant to order eggs any style other than scrambled because its never cooked right...for some reason I decided to change it up and ordered over medium and im glad i did!
They were perfect!
The biscuits were light and fluffy aas were the pancakes...everyone loved and shared their meal.
Good homestyle cooking!
They dont skimp out on the portions.
You wont be disappointed....prices are decent too.

I'm sure Sam's gives a lot of people a look at this new location.
Opposed to others we ate on the one evening they are open, Friday.
At 5:30 it was relatively quiet with about 5 or 6 tables occupied.
The place looked clean as was the silverware.
Three of us ordered the fish fry and my wife ordered chicken fried chicken, mashed potatoes and white gravy and she substituted fried okra for the corn on the menu.
Her potatoes and gravy were good, portions large, chicken tender and moist inside, crisp outside but the fried okra were still frozen in the center.
They immediately took them back and out came well fried okra.
The fried fish was served in red plastic baskets and came with 3 pieces of cod fish, french fries, cole slaw and 2 sauces, tartar and red cocktail.
None of us tried the cocktail sauce.
The basket was small and uncomfortable to eat from as the paper liner dissolved from the ketchup and oil from the fried food.
The french fries were pale, limp and under cooked but we didn't send them back, should have.
The fish had a good crunch and fresh flavor and the tartar sauce was fair.
All the meals were just a tad under $10 each.
I deduct a star for the under cooked okra and fries and a half star for the skimpy baskets the meals were served in, so I give 3.5 stars overall.
I will probably return to try their breakfasts.

Good food and service.
I had the breakfast special,  ham and potatoes.
About $12 including tax.
I will go back again.

Great Service!
Yummy food!
We will be back!

Food was fantastic, took my two work buddies here and we all got the biscuits and gravy and it was amazing and a ton of food for your money.
Reminds me of home cooking in grandmas kitchen, yum!!

Awesome food and service.
They also support the military and veterans with a discount.
Loved the SOS.

Nice new restaurant.
Didn't bat an eye at my request for an egg white omelet.
Everything was done nicely, bright cheery place, good service.
We will be back.

On the way to The Farmhouse in Gilbert a couple of weeks ago, we stumbled onto Biscuits.
Being from the South, I'm always down for biscuits and gravy, so we decided to check out this cute, barn-themed restaurant.
It was a little to shiny to actually exist on a farm, but welcoming, none the less.
The restaurant is very clean and open and the service was friendly.
We were sat immediately and received drink orders before we could decide on anything from the delicious looking menu.
There were definitely some good ol' southern favorites, like grits and corned beef hash, but there were also a few chorizo options and a Portuguese sausage that my boyfriend ordered.
I went for the corned beef hash, scrambled eggs, hash browns and added sausage gravy to my biscuit.
Make sure you go hungry!
I couldn't even dream of finishing everything I ordered, but I made sure to it all.
Crispy hash browns, fluffy eggs, and big chunks of corned beef mixed with potatoes, peppers and onions.
The sausage gravy was perfectly thick, but could possibly have used a bit more sausage (what can I say, I'm a meat lover!).
The only thing that brings it down to 4 stars was the biscuit.
It was definitely good, but more bready than flaky.
More like a stirred mix than an kneaded dough with the goodness of flaky layers.
And, being their namesake, I do think that part is pretty important.
We were plenty stuffed and we'll definitely go back because there aren't many places with corned beef hash that didn't come out of a can.
Also, they have good service, which is hard to come by.
On another note, they offer a military discount to any active or inactive duty military, which is wonderful to see because it's just something small that companies can do to give thanks to people who willingly put their lives on the line every day.
I can support that.

Two words.
LIGHTS OUT.
As a family of foodies, we eat all over the US and especially like local family owned home style restaurants (which are getting harder to find) and this place does not disappoint.
The SOS gravy is solid, the chicken fried steak is fresh and the fried clam strips are bomb.
You will not be disappointed.

Oh wow.
I mean, wow.
That was a GREAT breakfast!
Eggs cooked to a perfect scramble and not watery, crisp bacon and hash browns, and their namesake and gravy?
WOW.
I practically licked my plate clean.
It's a cute place too.
Farmhouse-style and spacious.
Prices were pretty much the same as any other breakfast place.
The reason it gets 4 stars and not 5 was the waiting.
It wasn't busy, but we waited for a good 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged us, and then they asked if we were waiting for a table.
Um, yes.
Yes we were.
Once we sat down there was another rather long wait, but once we ordered everything was prompt.
I definitely would suggest this to others!
I want to go back tomorrow!

With a name like "Biscuits" they better be good, right??
Well, thankfully I'm here to say they are.
I boldly claimed them to be the best biscuits and gravy I've ever eaten, and I'll happily stand by that.
The biscuits were the perfect mix of flavor, texture, and density.
The gravy was plentiful, meaty, and rich.
It's obvious this is a classic home-cookin' recipe that has been nicely mass produced for a restaurant sized crowd.
There are two Biscuits locations (other in Ahwatukee) and I'm happy to see this Family Owned & Operated business flourishing.
I ordered the Biscuits Special - over med eggs/turkey sausage/hash browns/B&G.
As stated above, the B&G's were on point.
The rest was also done very well, and perfectly accompanied the star of the show.
Although I love B&G's, I just couldn't be satisfied with just a big-ol-plate of them.
I was happy to see this menu option as it was right up my alley.
I will definitely be back, and I'd like to try their Lunch menu.
There were multiple items that looked amazing.

Went there for breakfast thought we would tyr it out since it was new...Well the food was terrible my wife got very ill after eating there and the prices are very high....Don't see this place being in business very long

I really wanted to like this place..
The inside in adorable!
The menu stated they use local and organic ingredients so that's obviously a plus for me.
But to start out, it took about 5 minutes for the hostess to even acknowledge us and get us seated.
The waitress was basically running the place by herself.
It happens, but she didn't check on us once.
I definitely felt bad for her.
I got the pancakes and they were quite chewy instead of light and fluffy.
My boyfriend got eggs, bacon, and country potatoes.
The country potatoes were awesome!
The scrambled eggs left a lot to be desired.
They just looked weird, and runny, and my boyfriend confirmed their "weirdness.
" This place is within walking distance from my house so I might give it another whirl for a lunchtime entree.

Biscuts, Mmmmm sounds like a tasty sandwich place from the south, Wrong, Food was average at best.
The food was Bland and tasteless, eggs were over cooked.
This is not someplace to eat.
When I expressed my opinion they said we had a lot of regulars, Not sure how you can have regulars when the place just opened.
The remodel of the building looked like volunteers did the work and had no remodel experience.
I suspect this place will close and another empty building will be for rent.
There only chance is hungry shoppers from Sams Club.

We loved it, my husband and I came here with my parents and we all enjoyed our meals.
The biscuits are so yummy.
This is my new favorite breakfast place.

The biscuits and gravy are one of the best I've had in Phoenix.
A little bit on the pricey side for breakfast though.

I ordered the biscuit special.
I was excited because biscuits and gravy are my favorite.
Unfortunately the restaurant does not live up to its name.
The biscuits were bland (and obviously not made from scratch as claimed), the gravy had no flavor and the eggs were oily.
Our waitress was really bad as well, so that didn't help.
If you want to have a Denny's experience

Love this place!
The inside is just so cute, it has a barn/country theme.
I love the little caddys they have on the tables that hold your tabasco sauce, sugar, salt, pepper,etc.
Food is delicious!
They add onions to your potatoes which i really love and i like how they add a biscuit as a side with your omelet.
Pancakes are very fluffy!
The service is as good as it gets!
Been here maybe 4 times and have been blown away each time.
I HIGHLY recommend Biscuits!

Biscuits and sausage gravy.
So.
Freaking.
Yum.
I've been here twice and the service isn't that great which is surprising because these seem like career servers.
But the restaurant is clean and the biscuits and gravy are the second best I've ever had in my life.

This place pleasantly surprised me I'm always looking forward to trying new breakfast joints.
This place serves up a very Traditional Americana Breakfast!
Don't look for anything fancy because you will not find it, they don't offer much but what they do offer  is mostly good.
For pete sakes order their namesake!
Ordering tip, make sure you stick with the meals they have pre-picked on the menu because if you try to alacarte your meal it's going to cost you a small fortune.
I like the barn yard feel, especially considering this place use to be a carwash so they did an awesome job on the conversion.
The only thing I would suggest is a better grade of coffee, I like a really smooth velvety taste, this one has a more gas station scorched taste.
Best bacon and biscuits on this side of town!

Wow oh wow!
I finally have a place for a great breakfast in Mesa.
I miss the original Ripe Tomato and haven't been regularly happy with a breakfast joint near me in a while.
First time in we were seated in minutes.
Our drink orders were taken and quickly delivered.
Coffee is left for us in a insulated pitcher along with a pitcher of cream.
Food was delivered in a flash as well.
My honey had the biscuits and gravy and I had the special--biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, bacon, and grits.
The eggs were cooked perfectly, nice and creamy!
The bacon was as well, and very lean.
This biscuits and gravy were fabulous.
Service was great!
We can't wait to return!

Add this to your list of good Gilbert breakfast places.
On a busy Saturday morning, six of us were seated after only a 10 minute wait, and six of us left full and satisfied.
Tender biscuits lived up to their advance reputation ( both honey and jam available to go with) and corned beef hash was fresh made.
Ham steak was a generous portion as we're all the menu selections.
( Plan to take some home).
Everyone had a different egg request, and everyone got eggs exactly as requested.
And when was the last time you saw chipped beef on toast or Spam!!
and eggs on a menu?
This is definitely homey.
The atmosphere is fresh, clean and cheerful, just as a breakfast spot should be.
Recommended!

Biscuits and gravy special is a very close second to the best I've ever had for breakfast.
Grandma's favorite meal came before my eyes when I  experienced this new breakfast and lunch restaurant in Gilbert.
We will return and invite our friends, too.

We tried Biscuits on Gilbert Road near Sam's Club about a month ago.
We are still in shock from the food.
(How do you screw up biscuits and gravy?).
The potatoes were ok.
The biscuits, gravy and eggs all had a very strange taste, similar to the smell of a cafeteria while cleaning, almost like old dishwater.
We just drove by on our way from Sam's Club and their parking lot was quite full.
Hopefully we just hit a day they gave bad news to the cook, otherwise most of these cars were first timers.
Needless to say, we most probably will not try it again, there are too many very good breakfast places around.

Champion pancakes are so hearty, biscuits are fluffy, love love love!!

Old fashion farm house feel

Overall, we were very underwhelmed!
Terrible customer service from lady at the front door, just ok service, decor was nice, and my omlet was delish, but way too expensive for the type of food offered.

Hearty portions and quick service but the food left some to desire.
The hashbrowns were extra crispy and you would've thought the middle layer was left out.
Then when my friend and I went to pay, the lady was super confused on how to ring up our bill separately and it took us forever to pay & get outta there.

A-OK bfast!
Definitely coming back!
PROS: I have to go healthy, but turkey sausage was pretty good.
I cheat w/ hash browns, and was not disappointed: crispy outside, soft inside.
Good sized portion of food!
Tasted my daughter's biscuit: light and flakey, and a perfect, slightly crisp bottom.
Yum!
Service was excellent: the 3 folks working this morning were friendly and engaging, and service was prompt.
CONS: I'm reaching here, but sourdough toast was meh, and likely from a  commercial source???
Would be mixed if they had a local, daily baked source .
just sayin'.
Really enjoyed the bfast chow at Biscuits.
If I lived here, I'd be a regular.
Cheers!

The chicken ala king is to die for.
I am from the farmlands of Iowa and it takes me back to that good ole' home cookin'.
The biscuits and gravy are also heavenly...Can't wait to go back and try something new...that is if I can get past the chicken al King.
Linda Rae Territorial News

Absolutely love this place!
The biscuits are soooo good.
I had biscuits and gravy and it did not disappoint.
I could only eat half it was such a huge portion.
The staff is very friendly and attentive.
The wait time for food was definitely acceptable and the restrooms smell like bacon!
My husband had the blueberry pancake and I must say this was the best blueberry pancake we have had at any breakfast restaurant.
Big plump and fresh blueberries with warm syrup.
This is one of our favorite spots.
We are planning to try the fish fry next.

Yes, the biscuits are delicious enough to represent the name of the restaurant, but the overall experience won't bring me back.
Service is pretty bad.
It took awhile to get seated on a slow Wednesday morning.
Our waiter sat a carafe of coffee on the table so refills weren't an issue.
It took longer than it should have for our food to come out considering just two other tables were occupied.
When I got my champion pancakes (blueberry and almond whole wheat pancakes), I cut into them and came up with a knife full of raw batter.
We had trouble flagging down a server to send them back.
When he finally did come to the table, he had the nerve to tell me they weren't raw, it was just the juice from the berries.
Bzzt!
Wrong answer!
I was irritated to begin with, now I was steaming.
He reluctantly took the pancakes back to the kitchen.
The correctly cooked pancakes were good, but they weren't worth the wait.
My husband is satisfied with their biscuits and gravy dish, probably enough to come back on his own.

Decent southern food.
Great Biscuits!!
I would come here again to try their breakfast, but stopped in for the lunch.
Soup was amazing, but the southern fried catfish was very thin.
I am used to southern cooking where the catfish is very thick and real good.
The fried okra was good as well.
I will be back to look into this place some more!

So far so so good!
Service has been great on a super busy Sunday morning.
Got seated quickly!
Ordered the Buiscuits and gravy of course!
Wife Ordered the french toast with Ham, scrambled eggs and a biscuit on the side.... lol.
they serve REAL chocolate milk!
not milk with chocolate syrup:) even though i like it too.
place is nice and has an open ceiling.
loved the food!
it was super yummy.
definitely will come back here again.
we got our check without asking for it, and were on our way when we wanted to be.
great place.

YUM!!
Eggs Benedict were perfect!
Over time I've come to notice not everyone can make a good hollandaise sauce and I dug right into this one.
Highly recommended.
Service was ok and the air conditioner was out for a week the waitress said.

Best place to get breakfast in AZ.
This place has great fresh food that is local.
The portions are huge (the side of biscuits is two who biscuits).
The wait tends to be long on the weekends, but trust me when I tell you that it is well worth it!

First review!
I think this place is destined for good things... To start: the service was swift and friendly and I was sat almost immediately on arrival.
The place was 1/4 full so I can imagine service would be quick.
My server was nice and another server helped (which I like because team work means I get fed fast!
) The restaurant was clean and aesthetically pleasing.
I chose the more traditional biscuits and gravy breakfast in light of the restaurant name.
The food was above average, everything was hot, seemingly freshly prepared, and exact to my order.
Small things like having a different hot sauce(other than Tabasco) and whipped butter for my "champion" pancake(delicious btw) made the experience above par.
All in all I recommend.
I would give it 4.5 stars if that was an option.
.5 off was because the price was a bit on the high side ( I ordered a single champion pancake a la carte, it was 6.89... that's a bit rediculous) good job biscuits!

This place is great!
Went on a Sunday morning and waited 20-25 minutes.
Staff did not seem behind and neither did the food, it was just poppin.
The staff was so accommodating with us as a family.
It was my wife, a 20 month old, a 3 week old , and myself.
Definitely a task going out to eat, so we do not do it much.
Food came out astronomically fast, which you expect with breakfast foods.
I was concerned about their prices until I tasted the food.
I am always advocating for fresh ingredients, and this place has them.
I don't mind paying higher prices if I get my bacon and it is 85% meat and 15 % fat.
Most breakfast places you get the reciprocal of that.
I had to try the biscuits and gravy and I am so glad I did!
They must bake the biscuits on top of butter, because they had a great flaky crunch when I would cut into them with my fork.
Even though they were lathered in delicious gravy, the biscuits were still crunchy on the last bite.
I could have licked the plate clean, but they give you a nice big portion which makes that a task.
When it comes to breakfast, I don't want to go anywhere else now.

My snowbird parents found this place first.
The food is awesome!
The service is great and the owner is pretty cool too!
So get out of bed and check this place out!

Hands down the best Biscuits and Gravy I've ever had from a restaurant!
Place is clean and staff is extremely friendly.
However, I can only give 3 starts because beyond their Biscuit Entrees, their food is average Cafe/Diner fare.
Their biscuits are what keeps me coming back!

Wife and I were hungry for breakfast and were going to Sam's so we thought we'd try biscuits.
Read some reviews while waiting and read about slow service, etc.
We didn't experience any of that on a Sunday morning around 10:00.
Place was busy clean, efficient, seated quickly (about 5-10 minutes) servers were quick, friendly.
No problems there.
Breakfast and lunch faire look very ordinary, about what you'd expect.
Not much that looks exclusive like you'd find at Over Easy or some of those places.
We each ordered the biscuit special.
1 biscuit and gravy (halved, so it looks like 2) , 2 eggs, meat and hash browns.
Little expensive for breakfast, around $10 but portions were large.
It came pretty quickly, everything was cooked well but could have used some more flavor,  Nothing disappointing but not the best breakfast I've ever had either.
But was fulfilling, hearty, and a very nice experience.
We would certainly feel comfortable recommending and we will definitely go back.

Man I feel bad, the last few reviews lost a star because of the serrvice and not the food.
This place is great (food wise)!
They definitely know how to make a biscuit.
Their country potatoes are super yummy, the chickenfried steak was cooked perfectly, and their prices seem reasonable.
Just please dear God refill my drink and all of the drinks of the tables surrounding me.
My wife had the pancakes.
And at first they look dry, but even without butter or syrup,  one bite will correct the misjudgment.
If you like a traditional American breakfast, you have to give this a try.

Best biscuits in town!
I love this place!
Great food!
Everything I have had here is excellent!

I have eaten here at least 6 times so far and have never had a bad experience.
Food is good, staff is friendly and the biscuits alone are well worth the visit.
I usually end up getting the chicken fried chicken with two eggs over hard and a bowl  of grits.
Reminds me of good ol' southern  breakfast.

Fast, friendly service.
Thought that the biscuits and gravy was delicious.
Not for the health food conscious, but a great treat if you're looking for an ooey gooey plate of yumminess.
The grits were even smooth and A OK.
I'd come back here for another treat.

I had the biscuits special without meat and the scrambled eggs were cooked very well , the hashbrowns had a great flavor, and the biscuits and gravy were fantastic (although I wish they would've had sausage and gravy but that's a personal preference).
My wife had the champion pancakes, just a note, if you're going to get these make sure you have someone to share with the portion is huge!
There were quite a few almonds next into the mix which is a great touch but I feel the nuts could have been more evenly dispersed throughout the pancake rather then off clumped in the middle.
There were also blueberries in the pancakes that had  excellent flavor.
The waitress checked back with us several times, however it was almost to the point where we felt as if we were being rushed out.
We did not overstay are welcome by any means as I ate my pretty quick.
There was no line of people waiting.
Overall our experience was pretty good, I probably would not take out-of-town visitors here but my wife and I may return sometime in the future.

This was our first time here and we loved it!
Great service, prices were good, food was phenomenal.
Couldn't ask for anything better, only concern is that the entire restaurant is booths so I don't see how I could bring in a large party..

The breakfast here was to die for and the staff was supper friendly and upbeat.
Recommend this place to anyone looking for some good traditional food / breakfast.

Went here on a Sunday morning around 9am.
Had to wait about 20 minutes for a table.
Had a steady flow of people showing up so the place was busy.
The food was average for breakfast.
I had the chicken fried steak with eggs and hash browns.
My wife had the biscuits with gravy.
Both portions were big so they get an extra star for that.
The hash browns good and the biscuits tasted home made.
I took 2 stars away for the seating.
We sat right next to the kitchen door.
Service was good.
Drinks came right away and the food didn't take long either.
The waitress was very nice and checked on us a couple times.

Came here with my dad while he was in town and loved it.
Food was GREAT!!!
While waiting for our food, we watched the employees work.
The were such am amazing team.
Nothing I had ever seen before.
Everyone helped everyone else bring food to tables and clean off tables for next guest.
Will totally hit this place up again!

We eat here once a month or so.
Yes it's very busy, yes it's hard to provide 'great' service when it's busy.
But they do a good job still.
Good food, good prices, we keep going back.

My girlfriend and I have been coming here for a few weeks now and I feel obligated to write a review because I am in love with their Champion Pancakes (Blueberries, Cinnamon, Oats, Almonds).
I tried these on our 2nd visit and haven't had anything else since.
Maybe I'll update when I try something else but for now I'm recommending this place because these pancakes are some of the best I've ever had.
I'll be a recurring customer til they take these off the menu.
Everytime we get a chance now and we are going to breakfast I always suggest this place.
I think she hates it now because of me but it'll always have a chunk of my heart.

Had the biscuits special it was really good and a big portion of food.
Ordered a side of sausage which I shouldn't have cause it was a lot of food.
County style potatoes are the way to go!!!
My lady had the eggs Benedict and it was alright little too buttery.
Our daughter had the kids Mickey Mouse pancake it was big too and very good and fluffy.
It's a little pricey but you do get what you pay for good food and large portion.
Would go back again.

I went here for brunch on a Sunday.
They were busy, which was fine.
I ordered a cinnamon roll and it was stale, not to mention cold.
I asked them to take it back and got a buttermilk pancake instead.
It was good, and enough food.
Service was eh.
She was nice enough but nothing special.
Didn't take off the food they took back and still added the 20 percent gratuity.
I wasn't impressed, nothing I would go back to.
My family did enjoy the food they ordered this time and other times, to be fair.

I had the chicken fried steak and it was delicious.
Their signature biscuits are really good.
Great job living up to your namesake.
I will def be back.

I have driven by Biscuits on my way to work and decided to give them a try this last Saturday.
After reading Yelp!
reviews about how busy they are I decided it would probably be best to just order "To-Go".
It was about 1:10pm.
After checking their menu online at http://www.biscuitsaz.com/menu/ it clearly states "Sat-Sun 7am to 3pm".
I figured out what I wanted along with my wife and kid and gave them a call.
No answer, went to VoiceMail.
I hung up and called again, same thing.
It was now 1:30ish.
Figuring they must be busy or momentarily stepped away from the phone I waited 10 minutes and called again.
Same thing.
I started to wonder if they were still open for business.
Trying to be patient I waited until about 1:50pm thinking I have time because they're open til 3pm.
This time someone answered the phone, I asked to place a To-Go order and was rudely told "We closed at 2:00pm".
I have several issues here.
If someone had answered the phone sooner I could have got an order in before 2:00pm 2.
Either I was lied to or your times are wrong on your menu, which is it?
Although close it was not yet 2:00pm  I would not have placed an order that close to closing, but the person on the phone could use some training on Customer Service.
As a matter of principle the person answering the phone should be one of the best customer service people you have.
Not some dude that has a bad attitude about me bothering him close to closing and just wants to close down.
That is what I call laziness.
Because of this, I don't care how good your food is.
I have no desire to come to your restaurant  to be treated crummy in person, ever.
Congratulations to your success Biscuits, but don't let it go your head.

My wife and I had an appointment at a specific time and we were running behind.
We decided to try and find someplace to eat breakfast and after using Yelp, we stumbled across this place.
The food was amazing, the service was exceptionally fast and friendly.
We will be back!
Biscuits and gravy were off the hook!

Been meaning to try for  long time, think it's been in Gilbert for about a year now.
Very glad my wife stopped in this morning.
Our host...John...was a trip, funny and helpful.
Very fun menu with so many things I want to try now.
Wife had pork chop and eggs and I had the hamburger and eggs, both were perfect and the country potatoes, defiantly home made!
This is the place I'm taking my friends,forget about Over Whatever!

Went here cause a friend said was so great.
After waiting over an hour to be saeted it wasn't worth the wait.
It was just OK.

This was my second visit in two weeks.
We were a party of four men.
After a short wait we were seated and served our drinks shortly after being seated.
The menu has some interesting choices like SOS and Spam.
After ordering our food came promptly.
In both visits the food was hot, tasty and plentiful.
Service was prompt and courteous.
My wife was upset when I told her where we went because she wants to comeback again.
A nice addition to this location that has changed hands many times over the last five years.
Highly recommended!

Huge portions, fast and friendly service, food was fresh, hot and cooked perfectly.
Prices higher than usual and the seat I chose was a bit lumpy, but the food was wonderful.
My husband and I both had the "meat lovers" breakfast.... whoa..  way too much food, we should have shared.
Ham was sweet, bacon smokey and marvelous.
Biscuit fluffy and delicious, and honey is on the table.
No dissatisfaction here as I waddle out the door...  Will be back..of course.

Soo good!
Pancakes are huge and filling!
So if you order three pancakes, you will not finish them... Trust me!
Friendly staff.
Must try at least once!

Had to try the biscuits because that was the name of course.
They were out of this world.
Really good, I'm a fan of the food.
The service was not great.
I don't like putting a review up with that kind of info, but I has to speak the troof.
When I went it was Sunday morning and the place was packed so I can understand that sometimes people get busy.
I would say don't go after church on Sunday but you know that's the best time for a gnarly delicious breaky breaky.
So its up to you, maybe they'll pay better attention to you, but I would suggest giving the food here a try if your in Gilbert and crave a good breakfast.

This Breakfast place is phenomenal!
I got the Corned Beef Hash and eggs and it was amazing.
I would recommend this place to everyone.
Definitely worth every penny spent here.

Quite a little tasty breakfast spot!
Biscuits and gravy were good and the pancakes were good!
The staff was very friendly and on top of everything!
Would visit again!

*Do Not Let The Wait Scare You Away!
To sum up our experience in 1 word: Superb!
This place is just fantastic.
We have been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile.
Tried going a couple weeks ago but the line was too long for a party our size.
Tried again last Sunday and only had a minimal wait.
It was well worth it.
All the employees were very friendly.
Our waitress was patient and helpful.
The prices were reasonable and selection vast.
The wait for the food to come out after we ordered was pretty minimal for how busy they were.
And the most important part, the taste... Well that was just perfect!
I wish we had room to eat more because it was that good.
Forget the plain ole run of the mill Denny's and Ihop... You must give Biscuits a try, you will not regret it!

I had the biscuits and gravy and I must say, they are pre-packaged/pre-made.
Over all I would say its ok but definitely not something I would go out of my way for.

I definitely appreciated the 15% Veterans discount!
As one who served my country it's nice to occasionally feel appreciated for the service we provided to our nation.
It was Sunday so I anticipated a long wait time, but it was worth it.
Service was great and friendly, and the food was good ol fashioned breakfast.

If the name of your place is "Biscuits" then I would think that your biscuits would be amazing, these were eh at best.

I came here visiting from Colorado.
It was a wonderful experience.
Polite staff, quick service, great breakfast food.
Menu was extensive, and large portions for the price.
Everything I would want for a breakfast place, smaller but plenty of room.
Well worth the wait.
I would definitely return here.
Wish the owner was still in Colorado now!

First time there.
We were tired from moving and decided to get food.
The biscuits and gravy, and omelette were good, as was the pot of coffee left at the table.
They'll never know how much that was needed.
The portions are good sized.
I love that they give discounts to the military.
I would have given 5 stars but some open sign kept falling down outside, and then the door wouldn't shut.
Several workers just walked by and didn't seem to notice or care.
The glare from the sun was a bit irritating with the door open or I wouldn't even have mentioned it.

One of the best breakfast places we have found in Arizona!
The wait was pretty long when we arrived, but it was definitely worth it!
The service is fast and friendly, and the biscuits of course were delicious.
Probably some of the best hash browns I've ever had!

First time but not the last time here.
Great food good service.
Down home cooking.
I always have to try the pancakes when I go somewhere new.
So i had the eggs, pancakes and bacon combo (my usual).
The pancakes here are flavorful and filling.
Not as light as I like, but not so heavy they weigh you down.
I also had to try the biscuits and gravey and was not dissappointed.
We will be back, net time for lunch.

I don't get all the hype.
This place was about on par with Denny's, in my opinion.
I ordered the biscuits and gravy meal with the eggs, meat and potato.
The biscuits and gravy were just ok.
The biscuit was soft and I'm sure delicious, but the gravy was nothing special.
It lacked flavor and I wouldn't be surprised if it came out of a can or packet.
Very underwhelming.
My scrambled eggs were fine.
The bacon was very very thin and small, but was cooked well.
The country potatoes were more peppers than potato.
Everything was just ok.
I doubt I would go back.
Especially when Black Bear Diner is right around the corner and is heads and tails better food-wise.

A wait?
Excellent service?
Best biscuits ever?
Are these people talking about the same place we visited?
It hardly seems possible.
First, we went on a Saturday morning and were seated right away, there was no indication there might have been a wait and we were among 10 customers in the restaurant the entire time we were there.
Second, the service was adequate and that was all.
I had to ask to have my glass of tea refilled, twice which is not a good sign in my book.
While our server was friendly he seemed more interested in his cell phone, (we could see him standing by the kitchen window texting), than in checking on how we were enjoying our meal.
Third and most importantly the food was dreadful.
The biscuit while large was neither flaky nor tasty but rather a baked blob of heavy dough.
The omelet was over cooked and the filling items were stingy.
From the glowing reviews and beautiful pictures some people have posted about this place I was expecting good, hearty, flavourful food but alas an Egg McMuffin would have been more satisfying.
We will never return to this establishment.
If you are hunting a wonderful brunch may I humbly suggest T.C.
Eggington's in Mesa.
Yes you will have a wait there but at least you will have 5 star service and food for your reward.

Came here Easter morning around 9am and the place was very packed!
We ordered take out and waited in the waiting area.
Had the biscuits & gravy (how can I not when the restaurant is named after it, right?).
The biscuits were so soft and fluffy, it was great!
Gravy was tasty and not overly salty.
BF had an omelet with sausage & mushrooms added which was huge and he enjoyed.
Also, ordered a kids pancake meal for his nana (small appetite lady) and there was nothing small about it.
The pancake was huge and came in the shape of mocked mouse :) it was pretty sweet itself and didn't require syrup.
Nana enjoyed it and got a kick out of its shaped.
Lol  Would come back...

Unfortunately, I have not tried the food at Biscuits due to the website having the incorrect hours listed.
I got a recommendation from a friend and was really looking forward to trying the home cooking.
I called in for a pick up order on Saturday at 2:15 and was informed that the restaurant was closed.
The hours on the menu and elsewhere list that the restaurant is open until 3pm on Saturday and Sunday.
Please correct this.

Try this breakfast joint last week and I really enjoyed it.
Our waitress was very attentive and she took care of us with great service.
Since this restaurant supposed to have the best biscuits & gravy I ordered my breakfast with eggs, biscuits & gravy, sausages and hash brown.
The gravy is really tasty!
I want more gravy!
I want to eat everything with that gravy on top.
The portion was pretty big.
Hubby and I had enough left over for lunch.
Coffee is not like diner coffee, stronger and better to my taste.
Come try it guys.

The service was good but the food was well below average.
My fish and chips were way too salty and my moms pasta looked like it was bought pre packed and served from the microwave.
Disappointing.

First visit to Biscuits with the family to celebrate a birthday after church.
Food was hearty.
Service friendly and quick.
Tried the biscuits and gravy since other reviews raved...they were ok but not something I would order again.
I would definitely go back.
Large servings.
Enough to share.

