If I could go to the buffet every week, I would!
It's so inexpensive for all you can eat.
It was an all around great experience.
I heard of this place by word of mouth, and figured that a buffet full of foods I'd never tried before would be so amazing.
I was very pleased!!!
We got 3 rounds of food plus dessert.
There isn't much of a dessert selection, but I preferred to fill up on all of their other food anyways.

I had dinner here yesterday while passing through Cambridge and I was pleasantly surprised!
Great variety of meat and veg dishes.
Great nan, and a dedicated fruit station!
Wonderful value, I am still full today.

The atmosphere isn't anything to write home about but who cares when the food is this good and this affordable.
Incredible service and friendly staff.
This place is a gem.
Incredibly good value for your money, you can't go wrong.

OMG yummy.
My husband and I love Indian food but have been hard pressed to find a good one in our area.
Or search is over!
Fusion has a wonderful selection of curries and beautiful fresh naan.
The tandoori chicken is amazing.
Inexpensive too.
Almost half the price of comparable Indian buffet.
Truly amazing!

Excellent Value, Very good food and seriously excellent service.
Last time we went there was no Veggie Korma on the buffet.
(Our favourite dish).
Our waiter immediately went to the kitchen and had the chef prepare a small bowl of veggie korma especially for us at no additional charge.
Now THAT is SERVICE!
We have always found the food hot and delicious.
At 11.99 for the dinner buffet, it is a real bargain.
In addition to a great many entrees including vegetarian options, there is a salad bar that includes fruit, and kheer (Indian rice pudding) other desserts and ice cream.
A take out container from the buffet is 6.99.
The afghan style bar-b-q chicken is particularly nice, and of course there is also the tandoori chicken as well as a mint chicken.
The curries range from mild to medium to hot, and there is a large selection of vegetable dishes.
The roasted veggies are delicious.
All in all - who can say more?
This is the best Indian food we've had in years and we try to return at least once a month.
We live more than an hour's drive away or we would be going much more often.

