This is not a big chain automotive place - this is a smaller family owned business (the impression I got), the prices quoted are a few hundred dollars less than those of bigger chain mechanics.
Mike was friendly, service was fair, problems fixed.
What more could you ask for?

Wow!!!
An honest mechanic!!!
Found Michael on Yelp and I am so pleased!
I just moved here from Texas and had no idea where to go when my turn signal stopped working.
I pulled in and he came right out to help.
Looked at my truck and within 10 minutes was ready to get the part and fix things right up.
When he discovered the part wouldn't work, he managed to repair the old part!!
So glad I used Yelp, I will never take my truck anywhere else.
Friendly, well-priced and prompt!
I only waited 20 minutes, at an auto shop!!!
Awesome!!

I've taken my car here multiple times.
Always a dead-honest assessment, great work, and Mike (the owner) will never try to sell you shit you don't need.
Seriously, bring your car here.
Mike is now my 'car guy'

Mike's a good dude.
I had about $1200 in odds and ends done on a vehicle I had just purchased.
He didn't recommend anything I didn't need and made sure I understood the reason for the work being performed.
Prices were fair and he got the job done on time.

Mike is one of the most honest mechanics I have met.
I took my vehicle in to find out why it wouldn't start.
He didn't repair anything, he found the problem and told me what to replace myself.
Just had to pay the diagnosis fee.
He will be getting more of my business in the future.

So I know nothing about cars.
Came here bc of reviews.
Very reasonable, mike was pleasant honest gave me plenty information in lay person terms.
Best of all mechanic fixed my window like brand new.
Offered to make appt on Saturday if my schedule didn't permit m-f. Will come back for all my auto needs.

I'll Pass.....not a reliable place.
Mike should say to my face if he doesn't want to service my vehicles.

Fantastic service did exactly as they said they would, and even gave a follow up call.
Mike is a great guy great to work with and most importantly the car is as good as new.

