After many months ripening in the womb, Mingo has finally breached.
We walked by, heard music and poked our heads in to see what was afoot.
High backed black leather seating and mostly black finishing give the place a club feel which is reinforced by the music they were spinning during our visit.
We met Mingo and one of the other proprietors, traced the mixology pedigrees of the bartenders and charged my iphone from the clever outlets under the bar.
Food won't be served until Monday as the kitchen is still ramping up, so we ordered a Sculpin IPA and one of the signature cocktails.
The beer selection is deep with lots of regional favorites and some of the high end standards such as Delirium Tremens.
The draft beers had just arrived and were still chilling down.
Mingo let me view the bottled list from his Macbook as it wasn't ready yet for print.
Although the cocktail was a bit steep for the neighborhood, my Sculpin was probably at the price point I would expect.
The place has a great vibe and will be one more reason to visit the charming art square area at Charleston and Main.
The "Beyond Thunderdome" parking lot is not really under Mingo's control but somebody needs to improve the lighting, paint some lines and fix the pavement before another oil pan gets shredded.
It's  nice to see outdoor seating which is so useful and so rare in this valley.
There will eventually be gaming but no smoking, cheers to you Mingo!

Came here for a friends birthday celebration, and am excited to see such a beautiful room located downtown.
The cocktails all looked amazing, it was difficult to decide on only one good choice, so I asked Rose the bartender to chose one for me.
She chose the Gossip, which had vodka, frozen grapes, and St Germain.
Truly my new favorite cocktail!
We danced up and down the bar all night.
one feature that I really liked was that there are phone charging cords, plugged into the bar!
They also use ipads to take your orders on!
The restrooms are also pretty cool, with colored lights that change.
I left early, only because they weren't serving food yet, but that should be next week.
I'm sure they will have delicious dishes to accompany the yummy libations!

Greatest drinks.
Very fun menu and classy feel to the place.
Their kitchen opened up on Monday 4/29.
I didn't get a chance to order.
But their drinks wow.
Def try the gossip.
We also tried the ménage and blow pop.
Fun tasty drinks.
It's the same owners as Mundo and in tune with that other location this one is classy and very well decorated.
Great place to chat and get a drink.
I can't wait to go back and try the food.

Amazing food, The Mahi Mahi is the best I have had on the Mainland, paired with the roasted potatos and salad what a great dish.

Stopped in last night for a drink.
Depeche Mode, then The Smiths were playing in the background - a great start!
The Alien Mule was out of this world.
Mingo and the bartenders were very friendly.
Fantastic atmosphere.
Can't wait to go back and eat.

Love the location as it is close to office and home.
Can't bea he great drinks which are fun and taste good, can't just have one and of course the he FOOD!!!
AMAZING flavor!
One of my new favorite places downown and a must go for everybody!

I had been looking forward to this opening but was quite disappointed on how it came together.
The food and drink was alright, but overpriced and I can surely cook better at home.
The service was OK, & the decor a little pretentious.
Speaking of that, there was this rather large bearded guy at the bar ranting and raving about "those effing tree huggers".
Huh?
I thought he was a customer having a bad day, but then I realized he is a manager or maybe even the owner.
Really weird.
That said, the space in this old, old building handled the temps from outside quite well and I was very comfortable the whole time I was there (probably the best part of the experience)!
Yes, the first triple-digit days of Vegas are upon us.
The indoor-outdoor bar isn't all the rage like folks claim and it has been done many times before.
Whoop-de-doo.
Great bathrooms, btw!
Second best part!
I may give it another go though one day and update.
Why since there are SO many better things to do around there like the Bar + Bistro for example.
Time will tell.

Went there for lunch during a week day.
The place was pretty empty.
While the restaurant was dressed to the 9's, it didn't give off confident vibes about serving good cuisine.
Restaurant looked more like a night club than a restaurant.
Waitress didn't know what I was talking about when I ordered a hefeweizen.
Once I received my beer in a tiny glass, I asked for a lemon wedge (I know people, should be oranges but I was trying not to be too difficult), the waitress looked at me like I asked for a chicken leg to garnish my beer.
She served me the lemon wedge on a soggy napkin.
Not inspiring too much confidence.
I ordered the edamame and chicken wings.
Edamame came in a tiny portion and was way too greasy.
Chicken wings was good but not spicy enough.
My friend ordered the sliders and they were the size of quarters.
I heard the mahi mahi was really good and tried to order it but was told they ran out (which I'm not sure how since the restaurant was empty).
But I shall go back once they have their act more together.
Need to go back to check out the cool indoor/outdoor bar.
Hopefully they'll increase their menu items and more people will find out about the place.

We stopped in for a quick drink.
The drink menu was inventive and the location is aces.

Absolutely loved this place.
The service was outstanding, the ambiance was impeccable and the food was so flavorful!
You must try their cocktails as well!
I recommend the "blow pop cocktail".
It was such a great experience.

Stopped in for a late lunch at the recommendation of a friend and had a great experience.
I have a lot of food allergies, but the waiter was more than sympathetic and he communicated with the chef to prepare a delicious meal.
They made me a custom salad dressing too.
Was really pleased with the taste and the care of preparation.
The fries are really delicious and totally worth trying.
My friend got a mojito and was also very pleased.
it has sexy and modern decor and the inside temperature was great considering it was a really warm day.
There's lots of sunlight flowing in during the day and the outside patio is really nice.
Really looking forward to coming back at night because it has a very loungey, sexy looking bar.

I've tried every bar downtown's food so saying Mingo's is my number 1 means more than fluffy words!
EXCELLENT tapas style (labeled as Big Plates and Small Plates) bar food that's more upscale than most such as rib-eye and my favorite- the brussell sprouts!
The menu also has new stuff as the chef feels inspired.
Décor is also a winning factor since it strikes the perfect balance between a crisp modern palette and comfortable, homey touches.
There's even purse hooks and chargers at every bar stool!
Finally I have to shout out the reason I ever heard of this place-  Ona who bartends every Tuesday with an event specializing in underground dance songs curated by her called Onnaland :).
Of course it's my #1 night to visit for an adorably hashtagged libation and nosh but EVERYONE there from the owner (Mingo) on down is friendly, FAST and fun so you can't not have a good time!
Add Mingo's for sure to your downtown spots and tag it #eatmixmingo

For a local spot way too night clubby for me.
The female bartender (blonde, big boobs) was awesome.
She knew the menu and made killer recommendations.
(Mac and cheese, Brussels sprouts and edamame) all crazy good!!!
!the edamame  is difficult to eat....
But amazing flavor.
You must try it.
Love the open patio.
Wish there were more high tops in the bar.
The seating is kind of weird... Just an overall strange feel inside.
Like they are trying to reach a specific market - but thats not who was here.
See for yourself.
cocktails are sexy and fun....  "Boner" is super yummy.
Overall - I guess I would go back , but would go to bar bistro before this place.

It was ehhhhhh.
The mac and cheese was bland.
Firefly's is much better, but unfortunately theirs may come with a side of salmonella.
The decor looks as if Z Gallerie ate too much black licorice and threw up all over the place.
I'd go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.

Surprising delicious, good atmosphere.
In love with the rib eye $22, that wished I had ordered instead eating off my friend's plate.
Grilled oysters were awesome but a bit pricy, 4 for $14.
Sliders was great also.
All these items are braces friendly, melts in your mouth.

Let me just warn you all that the directions on iPhone send you to the wrong spot.
Don't rely on google maps, but head toward Artifice, because Mingo is slightly hidden and tucked away next to it.
Very inviting place once I found it.
We headed here before the Yelp block party on Fremont street, since the instructions said don't come hungry, and I was definitely hungry.
The bar opens up in the front of Mingo's so you have this open air effect, a la Park on Fremont.
Very cool.
I do think Mingo might be suffering a little bit of an identity crisis because the front is this really casual bar and inside it is full on club.
I kind of liked the contrast though.
Great happy hour menu with cheap drinks and eats.
Although big bites were offered, we stuck to the happy hour menu.
We had:  french fries with siracha ketchup - amaze balls.
Really good.
The Kanye -  Yes, please.
A chicago style hot dog with incredibly spicy peppers.
Although the weiner was a little greasy (hehe), I loved the flavors.
Sliders - Average sliders, but well-cooked  Overall, the food was much better than I expected.
Don't compare this place to Mundo's (Mingo's other establishment) because it is not trying to compete with Mundo.
This is an awesome addition to the arts district and it provides an alternative to Bar+Bistro if you are looking for some good grub.
I've had some not so great experiences at Bar+Bistro, and won't be going back, but service at Mingo was awesome and I would definitely hit this place up again.

Location: Right downtown in the heart of the Art's District with tons of parking.
As to the ambience: I love the decor it's a chic fusion of modern and vintage, with good lighting balance and unobtrusive and appropriately current music.
It looks more like a cute big-city place you'd see in LA, NY or SF.
Unlike a review I read, I disagree that it is pretentious, but I guess one could say it is "hip.
" So if you hate fashionable details you may not love the look.
(I loved it so much I sent a few pix to friends and co-workers.
) Service: Super warm and casual.
If you like staff to treat you like a regular or friend, this is your spot.
Mingo, the proprietor and namesake, stopped by our table and was super friendly and obviously cared that the diner's experience is great.
If you are a stickler for formality, you could find it a bit laid-back.
Personally, I love candid staff who give honest suggestions and act " real":-)  Food: It's not a huge menu, (I was there for lunch) but every choice is tempting.
I think they manage fusion without overreaching.
Everything was delicious (and  for any fitness types or non-meat eaters, the menu has more healthy and non-meat options than you would expect.
) I think the prices were reasonable and portions a healthy size.
I'm saving my favorite part for last....Mingo is dog friendly!
You can bring your dog(s) to chill at your table on the front patio.
There is a clever design detail of an industrial metal door that opens up the bar and restaurant to the patio.
It makes it like a city version of a beach shack.Yay Mingo for providing one of only a few places in the whole LV Valley that allow a family to dine out together-- even the four-legged members!

The mac and cheese!!!!!
To die for!!!
I am amazed by how awesome everything on their menu is.
This food is just amazing and the prices, you can't beat.
They also have a delicious cocktail menu, super friendly staff, and very cool decor.
Another wonderful addition to the art district!

OMG...I found AMAZING Bar Food that is Vegetarian, Gluten Free & Non Dairy...be still my heart!!
My crazy dietary restrictions put me in a position of being limited to house made potato chips in most bars, but NOT at "Mingo Kitchen & Lounge"!!
I found 3 dishes on the menu that I could eat & ordered 2 of them.
I got the BEST Brussel Sprouts on the planet there.
I know..."BRUSSEL SPROUTS"????
However, in the "hands of the Master" Executive Chef Robert Solano, even the humble Brussel Sprout is reimagined in one of the most flavorful combinations of proper cooking technique, amazing sauce & the perfect seasoning.
This is vege's the way they were meant to be cooked & even non veggie lovers will fall in love with.
The other dish I ordered was their version of Fried Rice, which was equally AMAZING!!
Don't expect your typical Chinese Restaurant version of fried rice.
This is a lighter version with different veges, but TO DIE FOR!!
The rice was perfectly cooked and the veges were the tiniest, tenderest (but not at all mushy) little baby squash I have ever seen/tasted.
YUM...I could eat both of these dishes for Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner!!
I didn't order their Edamame, not because it didn't sound good, but because I figured (right) that 2 dishes would fill me up & I can order Edamame in many places, but I WILL order it next time.
Hubby ordered a Burger on a Crossiant, (can't remember the name of it), but he said it was cooked & seasoned to perfection & he would DEFINITELY order it again.
For all you carnivores (like Hubby), there are PLENTY of yummy sounding options.
Hubby got a beer that looked like an amber ale (I didn't taste it) & I got their stoutest stout, even more so than Guiness which they also have, but I was looking for something that outdoes Guiness & they had it.
I wish I could remember the names of these beers.
Decor was BEAUTIFUL!!
George Harris was a gracious Host even after spending a LONG day on filming the next commercial for their Alien brand Tequila!!
All the staff were top notch & provided EXCELLANT service!!
Mingo is located in the Art Square Complex/Downtown Arts District  & parking is conveniently located just steps from the front door.
"Mingo Kitchen & Lounge" is the brainchild/creation of George Harris, Mingo Collaso & Executive Chef Robert Solano & is the third jewel in their "Triple Crown" that includes "Mundo, a Latin Chic Restaurant" & the aforementioned "Alien Tequila".
I have some suggestions, (I CANNOT critize such a well run organization).
They need: 1)  Better menus (the thing you read, not the food).
The print was sort of faint & in the ambiance of the dim lighting was not as easy to read as it should be.
2)  The menu on their website.
3)  Links to their menu online from Yelp & other sites.
4)  A paper "take home" version of the menu.
I FULLY expect that the above are "in the works" as we speak, since they have only been open a short while, but nonetheless, this is the ONLY thing missing.
Lastly, the Parking Lot needs repaving, (they don't own the Parking Lot), & I'm not sure who does.
Just be advised if you drive a low to ground car (sports car), drive slowly onto the lot or you might bottom out on one of the uneven surfaces.
Considering our EXCELLENT experience at "Mingo Kitchen & Lounge" we had to give it 5 stars!!
RUN...don't walk to Mingo Kitchen & Lounge" ASAP!!!

I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this restaurant.
I had never heard of it but came across it driving around one night.
The food was good and the menu was funny.
I went with a friend who is a pescetarian and there were plenty of options for her as well.
Also the service was great and we loved our server!

What you see: Black toned shabby-sexy decor.
Nice, but a tad too bright.
What you hear: Nice alt mix (Modest Mouse, Smashing Pumpkins, etc) at a perfect level.
What you don't get: Informed or knowledgeable service.
No happy hour menu to be found.
Utter cluelessness & apathy about drinks, beer, food.
Ordering was an exhaustive struggle.
What you do get: Some amazing taste treats.
All the food was absolutely terrific.
Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup Fresh Cut Fries with Sriracha ketchup Spicy Fried Wings The Kayne bacon wrapped hot dog.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Train.
Your.
Staff.
Then this place would be a crown downtown jewel.

Great food a lot of stuff I never heard of, and food I didn't expect from a bar.
The decor is nice, very Lady Gaga-ish.
I think the tables and chairs look cheap.
The chairs are see-through plastic.
The tables are narrow and have the edges are SHARP.
I bumped my leg sliding into the booth and I had a nice bloody cut and now a bruise.
But anyway...  We came for lunch during the work week.
All the house lights were up and there were four other people having lunch, plus the owner at the bar.
I loved the sassy menu names and hashtags.
If I wasn't working I would've had a cocktail but instead had the opened faced egg sandwich.
Dining partners had fried rice and tomato soup + grilled cheese.
The grilled cheese was more like bruchetta than grilled cheese.
But everything was still really good.
Can't wait to come back and try some other menu items.
I'm not giving five stars because of the narrow tables, plastic chairs, awkward leather booths, the cut on my leg, and our waitress (who was very nice) spending to much talk to her friends about this one time at band camp instead of bringing us our check so we could go back to work.

Came back on a whim.
The owner suggested the Alien Mule, it's my new favorite!
(Gossip was old favorite) Staff was excellent from Kenny at the bar, to our petite super cute waitress, and the bus person Latrell was on top of clearing the small table that surprisingly fit 6 of us.
The outside bar was closed off due to the heat, but that didn't affect the vibe.
It's nice to be able to go to a location that is easily accessible and run into old friends that make you feel at home.
I like the new bar area in the back corner for a little more privacy.
I'll be there for FF next week:) Vegas peeps have no idea to park so I'll go early to avoid chaos.

Went to First Friday again, and this time we roamed around a little bit instead of just hanging out at Bar + Bistro at The Arts Factory.
We happened on a sign for a restaurant called Mingo Kitchen and Lounge, so we decided to check it out.
THE DECOR (4 out of 5) Mingo has seating both inside and out including an outdoor bar as well.
On the inside it seemed pretty dark and dimly lit, kind of like a club.
However, we opted to sit at one of the tables outside.
Sure it was with plastic chairs and all but I didn't mind.
It was a nice evening, and we had a decent view of what was going on near the Arts Factory.
THE FOOD (4 out of 5) I was really impressed with their food offering.
We had ordered some edamame ($5) which had garlic, red chiles, lime, ponzu and sesame sea salt that I thought was good.
Next was the grilled blue point oysters ($14 for 4 oysters) with garlic greens, ginger jalapeño aioli, bacon bits and red chile sauce that was delicious.
And lastly since I was still hungry, I tried the Kanye hot dog ($7) which was a Chicago style bacon wrapped hot dog with pickle relish, onions and peppers which I'll definitely order again.
THE SERVICE (3 out of 5) Our server was nice and helpful with our menu selections but it did seem to take a while to get our order (especially with some of the beer orders).
While it did get busier as the night went on, that's no excuse for having to wait sooooo long just to get a drink, right?
OVERALL (4 out 5) Well, we've found our new restaurant spot during First Fridays, so if you're there and want an alternative to the food trucks nearby, you should pop in and give the Mingo Kitchen & Lounge a try.

I read about this place opening a while back and was intrigued by the concept/menu, but just made it down this past weekend.
The food was excellent in both value and quality.
The options were divided into "Big Bites" & "small bites" and mostly what I would define as comfort food.
I shard the (seasoned) edemame and grilled oysters and both are delicious.
A couple beers later (good tap selection of craft beers and popular favorites) I opted for the Kanye dog and was not disappointed.
The ambiance was great - I like the courtyard/patio area and the inside looked cool (if a little dark/clubby).
The service was fine and friendly.
I will definitely be going back to try some of their other offerings that looked tasty - such as grilled cheese and tomato soup and the Notorious P.I.G dog.

I've visited twice and service at the bar was painfully slow on both occasions.
When we dropped in, they weren't particularly busy and it was early evening.
Myself and two friends were the only people at the bar yet we waited at least five minutes before a bartender finally appeared to take our drink orders.
The guy originally behind the bar did greet us when we arrived and told us he would help us in a few minutes but he had to get kegs out of the back.
After he left and the bartender came and asked us what we wanted, I should have realized I was committing to at least a 20 minute wait for the fries I insisted on ordering.
Fries are delicious and friend tried the "Kanye".
Food has always tasted great, staff is very friendly and overall it's a cool little place to check out every so often.

called in ahead of time to let them know we had a large group coming in.
few of us get there, I let them know we have more on the way and would like to be outside.
The bar tender was too busy being bothered by us customers to care.
He was pretty much rude to us right from the get go.
we order 2 drinks, gives them too us in plastic cups, my friends ordered after me and all got glass drink ware.
other than the bartender, no one cared that we were in the outside patio, ever came out to check if we wanted food.
After one round of drinks we were annoyed enough to move our party across the street to the bar and bistro.

If only it was all about the food.
First the decor here felt cheesy with black patent bejeweled tufted sofas.
Perhaps my initial reaction was because I was expecting something that felt more authentic to the vibe of nearby bar bistro and artisan, but I digress.
Given my less than enthused reaction to the decor, I was open to give this place a chance.
However a few highlights: 1.
Our server did not know the menu.
We asked him about multiple dishes and he just read the description back to us.
We made two requests with our meal and the server forgot both changes.
Even though the above requests weren't met, the food was good.
I had the skirt steak salad and it was perfectly cooked.
The brussels sprouts were tasty and my friend loved the tomato soup.
I'm too old for club music at dinner.
I just wanted a nice dinner with friends and we ended up talking over each other.
It was really hot inside.
I think they had opened the area between the bar and outside which made the restaurant really warm and uncomfortable.
Finally, I can handle loud music and cheesy decor when the food is yummy, but the service ruined it for me.
It took too long to place our order, receive our first round of drinks and close out the bill.
Yes, the food is good, but the server was one of the most inexperienced waiters that I have encountered in a long time.
PS: They misspelled brussels sprouts on their menu.
Spelling matters.

Food here was excellent.
The grilled cheese and tomato soup along with a side edamame were delicious.
Yes, the decor is a little cheesy, but so what.
That's what makes it fun and original.
The only negative was that it did take a bit of time to get our check, and we were on a work lunch.
Other than that, great experience.

The food isn't very good.
Are whole table complained about how overly spicy it was.
Plus every one said the sea food we ordered was really fishy.
The decor is nice and we where hoping we stumbled on to a great spot, but in the end we all where disappointed.

This was my second trip to Mingo.
I love the restaurant.
Fun atmosphere.
Jason who works at the bar is fantastic.
I had the land and sea, fish tacos, and the Brussels sprouts.
The sprouts are amazing.
Even if you think you don't like them, you will love them.
I would highly recommend getting off the strip and coming to this fun restaurant.

Amazing once again.
The Alien Mule (or two), the Brussels sprouts, ribeye, mahi tacos.
All wonderfully good.

Met some women for our once a month get together.
Great atmosphere, outdoor seating and fabulous food.
Loved The Vixed by design store next door!
Not fond of parking but it's worth looking for a spot, there is a vacant lot behind the building.

**Edited** Rather than updating, unless the service and food standards drop, I'm just going to add on.
10/29/13 Last night was my first time going to Mingo Kitchen & Lounge.
We got there about 6:30, as karaoke night starts at 7ish on Mondays, and we wanted to go sing for a while.
First of all, the decor is SO cool.
All black and white, with mirrors, and they were all decorated up for Halloween, too, so there was a great atmosphere for the few days before Halloween.
Their happy hour lasts till 7pm (I think its from 3pm-7, but I don't remember), and they have discounted prices on beer and some of their food.
To start, for happy hour, my friend and I ordered: a PBR (for him, not me.
ew.
lol)  and a Blue Moon (for me).
The Roasted Garlic Shrimp, and the Notorious P.I.G.
So the Roasted Garlic Shrimp was wonderful.
I want to say it was about 8 medium sized shrimp, in a delightfuly tart lemony garlic sauce, served with garlic toast.
It was awesome, and I loved sopping up the sauce with the bread.
The Notorious P.I.G.
This was too good to be believed.
I read the reviews of how good the Kanye dog was, but the Notorious P.I.G was the one that called out to be ordered.
Its a hotdog with crispy bacon, pickled jalapenos, and HORSERADISH MAC N CHEESE!
You wouldn't think that mac n cheese would work on a hotdog, but IT DOES.
I'd drive all the way downtown JUST for this again.
And again.
And again.
So after eating this, I decided that I wanted to try the fish and chips.
I'm a fish and chips fanatic, and I always like to try them out at new places.
I really enjoyed these.
The chips were well spiced, and the fish was flavorful.
My only complaint is that the batter was just a tiny bit soggy, but that didn't stop me from enjoying every last bite.
We also ordered the skirt steak salad.
This one took a while to get to us...the server forgot to put the order in, but honestly...we were having fun singing, so it really wasn't a big deal.
When it arrived, it was worth the wait.
The steak was a perfect medium rare, with a fantastic heavy sear on the outside.
The salad was delicately dressed, and everything worked together to create a delicious meal.
The serving sizes are not huge.
The prices are fair.
There is also a Yelp deal available when you check in, for 10% off your entree.
All in all, it was a great night.
Karaoke was fun, the bartender was super nice, and the food was fantastic.
I may have found my new favorite Monday night spot.
11/5/13 Went to Mingo again last night for karaoke.
It was busier last night than it was last week, which bummed me out...I wanted to post up at the bar to charge my phone.
They have phone chargers all along the bar!
Sat at a comfy table and ordered from the happy hour menu:  Spicy Fried chicken wings served with bleu cheese and sriracha.
I'm not a wing fan.
they're ok, but I don't usually make it a habit to eat wings.
I'd order these again.
They were delicious!
The sriracha mixed in the bleu cheese is good too.
;)  "Free Change Chicken.
" I'm honestly not sure if this is a typo or not, but whatever its called, its delicious.
Chicken breast AND wing with a kind of a mango salsa (that's what I thought it  was anyway) served with a salad, potatoes and a mediterranian chimichurri.
Oh.
My.
GOD it was awesome.
I devoured it.
Flavorful and moist chicken.
The skirt steak on the salad this time was a little overdone, but not inedible.
Service was great.
Jason remembered us from the week before, as did George, who I think is the owner or manager.
They both went out of their way to greet us.
Another good night at Mingo!

The food here was DELICIOUS and the drinks even more.
Definitely recommend the deep fried Oreos.
OMG to die for!
Prices are reasonable AND if you sit at the bar there are chargers for your phone and hooks for your purse.
INGENIOUS!
Definitely coming back and bringing more friends to this beautiful restaurant.

This place is great.
I can't believe I've never been here before.
I've been severely missing out.
Old Vegas charm meets unglamorous dive bar.
Perfection.
This place gets it.

Rj's in the hoooooouse.
We are gonna check out his restaurant and do a little Monday night karaoke!
Well.
I'm gonna watch and cheer!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Rj just ordered a bunch of food for us to grub on...
I did read some reviews before we hit this place up... Brussel Sprouts was one of the items mentioned as a MUST TRY.
This is what we devoured:   EDAMAME: garlic, red chile, lime, ponzu, sesame sea salt - I really liked these.
They were jazzed up with the spice and ponzu and I love lime!
GRILLED MAHI MAHI TACOS: red chile rub, spicy taco sauce, shaved cabbage, mango relish, avocado, lime  VEGETABLE FRIED RICE: squash, carrots, ponzu sauce, organic egg - This was good.
I think they used Sesame Oil... A little too much, the sesame really stuck out but nonetheless this was a tasty dish!
GRILLED CHEESE & TOMATO SOUP: gruyere, fontina, jack, brioche, heirloom tomato, basil - My second favorite item we had!!
The soup isn't thin, more like a bisque and SO delicious!!!!
I could have drank it all night!
The grilled cheese and really good too with the different cheeses and tomato kicked it off for me!
SEARED BRUSSEL SPROUTS: brown butter, candied pecans, golden raisins, balsamic reduction - Have I ever even eaten brussel sprouts before?!!
I dont think so!
So eating them here, the way they are prepared was like BRUSSEL SPROUT HEAVEN!!!!!
These were SOOOO on point OMG!!!!!!!
I could have eaten bowls and bowls of them!
GEE GOLLLLLY!!!!
EVERYTHING about them was freakin' DELICIOUS!!
They were perfectly cooked and soft and flavorful!
NOM NOM FREAKIN' NOM!!!
FREE CHANGE CHICKEN: mediterranean chimichurri, caramelized cipollini onions, roasted potatoes - This was good too.
Tasted kind of BBQ-y - I liked the potatoes too!
LAND & SEA: curry crusted skirt steak, garlic shrimp, arugula, roasted potatoes - Not too bad, I wasn't a fan of the arugula salad on the side though.
All the food was QUITE tasty...
The service was MEH though.
Considering Rj ordered all the food for us and it just came out, we didn't have MUCH interaction with the service staff HOWEVER there was A bartender working and he pretty much SUCKED and was QUITE unappreciative of the generous tips SOMEBODY was hooking him up with.
Plus he was slow considering we were the ONLY group in there by the end of the night and even before it reached the end of the night there were a few other groups hanging out but nothing CRAZY.
Mingo is a SMALL cozy place, nicely decorated and it has chargers all along the bar which is REALLY nice... but seriously.
Mr. Bartender: YOU SUCKED.
P.S.
2/2/14: Just heard that lovely bartender is no longer with Mingo so all is well in the world!
;))

Finally went to check out Mingo with some friends on a Monday night a couple weeks ago.
All the food was great.
We got edamame, grilled mahi mahi tacos, veggie fried rice, grilled cheese and tomato soup, brussel sprouts, broiled chicken, and the land & sea steak.
Everything was quite tasty but the things that stuck out most to me were the chicken, and the brussel sprouts.
Rarely would I order chicken at a restaurant but since a friend was ordering for us, I was fortunate enough to get to try out Mingo's, otherwise I probably would've never known how delicious it is.
The karaoke was a lot of fun, minus a few very obnoxious mic hogs, which at times was distracting and disrespectful to some of the other people singing.
There were some super talented people in there!
I'd definitely recommend this place because the food is really good and it's such a cute little loungy place.
One of the owners was there the night we went in, and he was super nice.
He even sang a couple oldies and he sang them well!
The only thing keeping my review from 5 stars was the bartender's service.
He was not friendly at all and actually seemed annoyed to be taking orders.
If they could fix that, Mingo would get 5 stars from me.

Mingo is definitely a hidden gem in Downtown Las Vegas!
They have a Happy Hour that goes until 7pm with amazing prices.
The decor is beautiful and unique, the service and food is wonderful especially the Edamame, Vegetable fried rice, cheese burger, and the grilled cheese was to die for!!!
If you haven't been, then you should!!

When we heard that Mundo had another more causal restaurant we were immediately interested.
Great place to hangout before first Friday or before a night out in the town.
There's really nothing we haven't liked.
Everything is delicious.
Drinks are delicious as well.

Love Mingo!
I'm still more of a fan of Mundo (one of their other establishments), but Mingo is definitely a spot to try.
Nestled right in the heart of the art's district in DTLV, across Artifice, it's the perfect spot to grab dinner and drinks before a night of downtown debauchery.
We came with a large party of 10 people for a birthday dinner.
It was surprising because THE PLACE WAS DEAD.
Although, I can't see why--the food, drinks, service, and ambiance/decor are up to par with some of the trendy eateries downtown.
I'm guessing it was because everyone must have been doing Christmas shopping or attending holiday parties, as it was the weekend right before Christmas.
I love their cocktail menu.
My favorite was the Gossip cocktail (I think that's what it was called)--it has fresh muddled grapes and elderflower liquor in it.
It's delicious!
I ordered a second round.
For food, I ordered the Rib-eye (medium-rare).
I thought it may have been a little too salty, but everyone enjoyed it.
The Notorious P.I.G.
was interesting--a hot dog with jalapeños, horseradish mac and cheese, and bacon.
Really tasty.
Other great hits were the edamame (so addicting) and roasted garlic shrimp (dip your bread ALL UP IN that lemon-garlicy goodness ;)).
Prices aren't bad.
I think the cocktails might have been around $10, the rib-eye I think was $22, the hotdog was I believe around $10--sorry, lots of this is by memory lol but yeah--the prices aren't crazy.
Definitely going to give this place a try again!

I love this place!
Everything is so delicious and the staff is pretty friendly.
My favorite part of Mingo is the atmosphere.
It's very comfy and sophisticated, my friends and I love hanging out there.
And there are phone chargers at the bar!
Super convenient.

Last night was my 3rd time dining at Mingo.
I am a local in Las Vegas who is quite a culinary junkie and my brother is a chef, so I have a pretty "picky palate.
"  I just love the ambiance in here - and it isn't pretentious or stuffy, which I love about these new downtown restaurants!
I was most impressed this time.
I tried the infamous Brussel Sprouts and had some of the specialty cocktails.
Delicious and creative!
The bartender was extremely friendly and actually made our night!
What a nice guy!
He made sure we went home hydrated with complimentary bottles of water and even called a cab for us to make sure my boyfriend and I got home safely.....
He just anticipated every possible need and (quite honestly) went above and beyond.
Thank you Mingo for another fabulous dining experience.
:-)

Love this place!
Karaoke night was a blast, can't wait to go again!

Kept hearing great things about mingo, my boyfriend and I were downtown and decided to try it out.
It was more than I expected!
We sat outside and it was a gorgeous day to eat on the patio seating they have.
We ordered the mini cheeseburgers, fries, mac n cheese, and our server suggested we try the Brussels sprouts.
Hands down best Brussels sprouts I've had in forever!
It's a must try there!
The burgers were perfect, came with some sauce and we mostly used it for the fries which were amazing as well.
I'm a huge mac and cheese fan but wasn't overly impressed by theirs but it was still pretty good.
They didn't get their fish order in time so we couldn't try any seafood dishes which I hear are good..maybe next time.
The happy hour menu was great and we definitely enjoyed the experience!
Our server was great too, we left full, happy and still had money left over for a show!
I will for sure be back to try more delicious food!

I'm SO happy boyfriend and I stopped in here for valentines lunch!
The owner is amazing we chatted while I sipped on a yummy drink.
I had the best fried egg sandwich ever.
Everything about it was great.
Thick bacon cooked perfectly, yummy avocado, egg was perfect, and the most amazing Texas toast!
We got an order of their edamame which was most delectable !
Finger licking good!!
I'm glad we came when we did because there was no one in there and we were able to chat with the owner and staff who were great.
I can't wait to come back when it's crowded!
Thank you for a delicious meal and great company xxxo

Came here for Valentines day because I usually like to try things away from a crowd, reservations were actually made a few hours before dinner and the place was not packed at all.
This was a small place but luckily not too many people were there so even though we were a little late to our reservation, getting a table was not a problem.
We looked at the cocktail menu and laughed about all the descriptions given for their signature cocktails like, The boner, Pink Lips, and Gold Digger.
We ordered Saints & Ginners and Alien Mule.
Pretty stiff drinks, I guess that's why their wifi password is "theboner".
We started off with the edamame appetizer which smelled awesome, I've never had lime served with edamame but it was added a nice citrus flavor with the garlic, chile, and ponzu.
We killed that one quick, I could just eat wood chips soaked in that ponzu chile sauce.
We also had the fried rice, skirt steak salad and roasted garlic shrimp.
Everything was great!
Will definitely come back to try other menu items, or just for drinks, edamame and to read their hashtags.
Hope they bring other things and hashtags to the menu!
*playlist that night was great, lots of 90s jams mixed with some Justin Timberlake... Good music will always make my food and drink taste that much better!

Fast forward due to yelps word limit.
The table that came nearly 15 minutes after is has received their meal.
I know my timing is accurate as I have been watching my clock on my phone the entire time.
We were trying to be out of there by 3:15 so that we could make the Roos n More zoo benefit at Zappos.
It was already 3:15.
We arrived at 2pm.
We have not received our entrees yet.
The hostess, who is also running food, walks by and we ask her is she has an idea of how much longer we need to wait for our food.
Her demeanor changes.
Condescendingly, she tells us "they serve quality food here and it takes time".
I have dined at Joel Robuchon on more than one occasion.
That restaurant has three Michelin stars, and their food does not take anywhere near this long to prepare.
How could french toast, a grilled cheese and a fish sandwich be expected to take this long?
I'm pescetarian.
I cook fish every day.
Even if it is being prepared via sous-vide, it should take no longer than 30 minutes.
Bewildered, I repeat that we have waited nearly 50 minutes.
The hostess raises her eyebrows puts her index finger to her lips and "shush's" us.
She actually hisses and then angrily reminds us that we are seated next to their "investors" and tells us to say things quietly so that their precious "investors" don't hear.
My girlfriend did not respond very well to that.
Loudly, she tells the hostess that she will not be quiet and that the investors they are so worried about should probably hear what we are talking about.
With a panicked look on her face, the girl threateningly replies "You want me to go and get the manager?
Because I will go and get George!
" Without waiting for a response, she does, in fact, get George.
In retrospect, I respect her for subtly warning us what we were in for.
Clearly displeased to have his feeding session interrupted.
The manager  finishes enjoying a few fries from his plate before coming by.
He lumbers over, still masticating, crumbs spewing from his lips as he attempts to swallow the large quantity of deep fried potatoes visibly struggling to find their way down his esophagus.
Uninvited, he takes a seat opposite us.
The fish and french toast arrive.
The grilled cheese is nowhere in sight.
"So, what's going on?
"  We told him our food arrived after waiting nearly 50 minutes.
He told us that it's our fault because we ordered the fish.
And fish takes a very long time to cook.
Incredulously, I informed him that fish is the quickest cooking of every animal protein source.
I asked him if he ever cooked before.
Then he proudly, and very defensively informed us that he "owns this place".
Next, this rather large man points at my 100 pound girlfriend and instructs her to "just sit down and enjoy the meal.
It's the best fish you're ever going to have in your life.
"   The grilled cheese arrives.
My girlfriend did not appreciate being bossed around and dismissed as though her complaint had no merit.
In fact, I believe this is the turning point in which we both became visibly enraged.
I was confused, my entire body was shaking with rage, and I was fighting back tears.
She told the manager that he had no right to tell her what to do, and that she would not just sit down and enjoy the meal.
The manger responded "So leave then!
" My girlfriend responded with a resounding "Oh, we will.
"   Horrified, the entire restaurant, precious "investors" included, stared at us, jaws slack, eyes filled with pity.
Realizing an opportunity to twist the situation and make us the bad guy, he demanded we pay for the meal we did not even stick a fork into and insinuated that we were creating a scene in order to get something for free.
My girlfriend happily agreed to pay, and directly called him out on accusing us of not having the money to pay the bill.
He then barked at the bartender to come and process her debit card.
While waiting for the card to go through, my girlfriend turned to the horrified "investors" and apologized for disturbing their meal by making a scene.She mentioned that they should reconsider investing in a business that is owned by someone so classless and unprofessional.
One woman, with empathy in her eyes said it was okay, and they all looked like they felt for us.
Interrupting her apology, the manager insisted that they are not investors.
My girlfriend insisted that every person on their staff said they were investors and thats why we had to sit at the lounge tables instead of a real table for lunch.
Failing to find anything rational to say, the manager/owner then demanded to know where I work so that he could come in and complain at my job, like we did at his.
He proceeded to yell at us and tell us we are a "bunch of a**holes" amongst other unnecessarily profane things for creating a scene.
As we were walking out, he yelled at us to never come back.
I told him to go f*** himself.
This happened because we asked why our food was taking so long.
We asked.
Asked NICELY.
And we're met with this response

I would rate this place 10 stars but I can only select 5stars.
This place is so amazing I have craved chicken wings for a while now, I told my self to just go to Buffalo Wild Wings.
I end upcoming to Mingo for a private party.
And they had the best appetizers including the best hot wings!
The staff is beautiful to look at.
I feel comfortable here and can enjoy the energy.
I will be back !

heard about this place from friends and happened to stumble upon it while walking around and wanted to grab a drink.
We only had the "Boner" which was one of the best cocktails I've had and the deep fried oreos which were amazing and very reasonably priced in comparison to other places.
The atmosphere was awesome, we loved the little bar to sit outside during perfect mid-afternoon weather.
took a look at other items on the menu and everything sounds amazing, not one thing doesn't.

Everyone I've talked to about Mingos has great things to say so I decided to try it out for myself.
The service was great, loved the atmosphere and the food was really good.
I had the Kanye and the Grilled Shrimp.
I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of the other entrees!

The place is really cheesy in decor (reminded me of Lace, inside Angels, an old Fruit Loop bar in the 90's), and my Dirty Martini was far from dirty, but the Ahi Tacos were perfect!
They really need to add some sides & make it an entree!
Since we were the ONLY guests in the restaurant (2 LOUD chicks at the bar though), I hope the sear is as on-point every time, not just when there's time to focus.
Seriously, Ahi Tacos = so good.
It's totally a one time visit kind of place (and from other friends, not every visit is great food or service-wise), but definitely patronize them once.
PS, Ahi Tacos ;)

I love this place from the decor to the specialty drinks to the food.
The P&J with fruit is awesome, fruity pebble waffle the best around and the sungay brunch menu is hilarious.
The only reason why it's not 5 stars for me and I've been here twice is the service.
I know a lot if the other reviews on here talk if the same thing and it's true.
Once your server finally comes I suggest ordering everything all at once.
Take your time drinking those drinks because it will be a good 10-20 minutes for anyone to come back by.
They need to be on top of their service!
I'm local bad service = no tip well at least not what you should have been paid had you hustled your little tushy faster!

I would give 4.5 stars if possible.
Misses the 5-star mark because the ketchup is laced with sirachi  hot sauce but our server failed to mention this....we learned the hard way when the toddler in our group began spitting out his food!
If anywhere in the downtown vicinity and looking for dinner, I highly recommend Mingo.
They have patio seating outside in the Art Square courtyard that is perfect for Spring evenings.
This is a tapas style restaurant with a very nice craft beer selection and an excellent Happy Hour.
From 5-7pm, the Happy Hour worked for us on a Saturday.
In the $5 to $7 range, my party of 3 shared everything.
We had edamame, roasted brussel sprouts, fried rice, the Kanye bacon-wrapped hotdog, Mahi Mahi tacos, and fish and chips.
The flavors of each dish were well planned and well executed.
The brussel sprouts were my favorite - roasted with candied almonds and raisins.
The Mahi Mahi tacos and Kanye hotdog were classic items decorated with the perfect toppings to make them extra special.
All in all, this was a great dining experience!
I haven't been to dinner in downtown in quite a while and wasn't sure what to expect from the hit-or-miss establishments down there - but this place is a gem!

I go to this place at least once a week.
I'm ADDICTED to the food.
I'm not a big drinker but I have tried a few of their drinks and the Lychee martini (secret menu type item) is the best tasting martini I've ever had.
It tastes exactly like the fruit with a little kick from the alcohol.
My favorite dish is the Free Change Chicken.
It's a little spicy but the mango chili they put on top dulls the spiciness.
The edamame is AMAZING.
In fact, EVERYTHING they make there is amazing.
I've tried most of the items on the menu (seeing that I go every week) and I have yet to be disappointed.
The entire staff, including the DJ that is there Friday nights are all very friendly and make you feel right at home.

Such a great place.
Been there 3 Times.
Menu is different, some street food with a gourmet twist, not to mention very witty!
Monday night karaoke is super FUN and it's not a huge place so you don't have to wait forever to sing.
Oh and hats off to the Mixologist!
I had some kind of alien mule (ginger and tequila and something else yummy).
I've tried about 3 or 4 of the speciality drinks and they were all tasty!

I've come here many times and never had an amazing experience until Kelli was our bartender.
Wow.
What a cool cat.
The food is always amazing but Kelli takes the cake.

Love Love Love this place.
We went here for brunch on a Sunday.
The menu was fun and trendy.
Everyone helping us was very friendly and had a positive attitude.
Every item on the menu has a funny #hashtag to go along with it.
Their drinks are unique.
We had the blackberry beermosa, champagne with passion fruit, and the blow pop.
Te blackberry beermosa was delicious, it wasn't very sweet and still had the orange and blackberry taste to it.
The champagn with passion fruit was refreshing and sparkling.
The blow pop drink was slightly sweet with a blow pop suckers in it.
I will definitely recommend it.
The food had great presentation and the taste was on point.
We had the deviled eggs which had bacon and had just right amount of sriracha sauce on it.
The eggs benedict had amazing hollandaise sauce, it was also served with freshly fried bacon and hash.
The hash had different vegetables grilled in it as well.
I will definitely be coming back!

Ate here last night after reading the great reviews!
We had the place to ourselves, I'm assuming because it was Tuesday after Memorial Day.
We started with the Mac and Cheese and Brussel Sprouts.
Both were fantastic!
My boyfriend had the Notorious P.I.G.
loaded hotdog, which he loved and I had the Surf N Turf.
Both had great presentation and absolutely delicious!
Our waitress was great!
She was so friendly and helpful.
We will return!
Thank you Thank you!
Can't wait to check out "SunGay" Brunch!

First the positive.
Atmosphere really is 5 star.
It is trendy, eclectic, unique - all of these rolled into one.
This was our first time, and we loved the decor.
We also liked the food.
The menu is certainly unique, and most of the items we had were excellent.
Also can't beat the prices for the quality of the food.
The problem was in the service.
We went on a weeknight, and fairly early, and it was not crowded.
It took forever for our server to come.
She seemed more interested in chatting with some of the regulars, than working.
When she finally did come, she seemed very preoccupied.
When we asked questions on the menu, she did not seem to know the answers, and some of the answers proved to be incorrect.
She brought out wrong items, and rarely checked back.
She was very friendly, just  perhaps having an off night.
We will try again, and hope for better service, as the food and atmosphere make it worth a second try.

Trendy, eclectic & fun!
Karaoke on Monday is crazy fun but dinner & drinks on a weeknight is just as great.
Dark walls & booths mix well with funky mirrors and eclectic decor.
The drinks are all fun & the food is good.
Mac & cheese, brussel sprouts & Kanye chicago dog was good but you MUST HAVE the edamame and deep fried oreos (trust me, these are worth the calories and sugar overload).
Located in a quaint older building in the Arts District Downtown.
This is a definitely place to check out!

Good ambience and the food was decent.
Go during happy hour-nice small plates at reasonable prices.
Beware of any fruity/tropical type drinks however-they make them way too sweet

In a town of great bars and restaurant, Mingo truly stands out.
Everything I've had here is delicious, I recommend the wings, the skirt steak salad, and the burger (Best in Vegas).
Their cocktails are also very tasty.
I had the El Diablo and it was very refreshing.
The decor is very neat and the outdoor bar is a cool touch.
Even on a scorching Vegas day it was in the shade with air blowing so it was comfortable to sit there.
The only drawback is that this place is kind of hidden, which is probably not good for their business but it actually adds to the laid back atmosphere of the place.

OMG the fish tacos are absolutely exquisite!
Yummy.
The seared Brussel sprouts hit the spot for our need to have some greenery.
The hot dog had a rich flavor and in a bed of arugula with jalapeño peppers!
Yummy.
Waiter was attentive, and we got a chance to meet the owner!
Great place with unusual decor for lunch.
Wifi password is, uh, very unique.
Lol.

Very cool place.
Came here for early dinner during Happy Hour on a Thursday.
$3-4 drafts, wuuut!?
Pour me another!
I had The Kanye (bacon wrapped Chicago-styled dog with garnishing).
It was pretty big--I ended up eating with a knife and fork.
I was very impressed that the bacon stayed crusted on the dog (it usually falls off).
For appetizers to share, we had seared brussel sprouts (best brussel sprouts I've ever had, and I don't normally like them), roasted garlic shrimp (very garlicky with a hint of citrus), and spicy fried wings (nice and crispy, although they were kind of small).
Service was friendly, and bathrooms were clean.
The menu (and drink) items were thoughtful: better than just "bar food" but not too experimental.
Most of all, the price was right!

