Please don't be suckered into believing this agent grandfatherly trustworthy sense of looking after your interests.
First meeting, he gives you all kinds of time and attention.
Make sure you scrutinize the policy and question the glass coverage.
He signed us over from Acuity with comp coverage and full glass, but somehow didn't tell us His version of comp coverage requires an extra premium for glass replacement.
Bottom line use caution with this one.
Oh and good luck talking to him personally after you sign up.
Everything gets filtered by reception to include policy changes and quotes.

I have asked to speak with this agent on explaining why the premiums went up every six months with Zero tickets or accidents only to have my messages responded by his staff; "We had an across the board rate increase on all Farmers policyholders.
" Yea, I was actually told this by his staff as the reason why my premium went up $100 per month.
Norm didn't return my call either.
I've already switched companies and have increased my coverage,(comp w/full glass) lowered my deductible ($500 vs. $1000) AND saved $100 per month.
Since I made a change 1.5 months prior to switching, I should be getting a refund.
But if not, I will be forced to file a complaint with AZ Insurance Commission.

I like that Norm and his staff are very approachable, friendly and informative.

I received the notice of refund but do not agree with the dollar amount.
So, I requested a breakdown of charges for March and April.
When I added my daughter to my policy, my monthly prem.
increased by $90.
When I removed her because she left the country on a mission for several months, I dropped her March 13th.
I expected my April premium to be close to $90 less but I was auto-charged the full prem.
Shortly after that I received a bi-annual renewal notice.
I changed carriers April 30th and expected 1.5 months of refund for dropping my daughter.
Farmers says I get $54 refund.
That's why I requested a full breakdown.
Update outcome later.

"Norm" is the nicest guy his staff so helpful and always available for service.
Great place to get insurance.

Please don't be suckered into believing this agent's grandfatherly trustworthy sense of looking after your interests.
First meeting, he gives you all kinds of time and attention.
When you call in to talk to him, his "trained staff" will listen but refer decision over to Norm.
Make sure you scrutinize the policy and question the glass coverage.
He signed us over from Acuity with comp coverage and later find no coverage when needed.
All I can say is review your docs before signing.

