These guys are awesome!!
I am constantly racing all over town from gig to gig, in an endless, Sisyphean quest for a buck.
I am also usually running late...which means I tend to speed.
And I also have an uncanny knack for getting busted for it :-(  But worst of all....I ALSO hate kissing cop ass.
I have my pride, dammit -- I'm not turning on the waterworks for some jodhpur-wearing asshole in aviator shades and too-tight underwear!!
On top of it all, I am flat-chested...so I can't even hypnotize them with cleavage.
Which means they never let me off with a warning :-( They throw the book at my unapologetic ass, every time.
Thank Dog for Vegas Ticket Fix!
They have saved my hide many times, at a price I can afford.
They are friendly, professional, and solidly legit.
Because forking over $25 is better than having cop poo on your nose...ANY DAY.

I have been using Vegas Ticket Fix for quite a while now.
I think Josh and his staff have taken care of at least 10 tickets for my family and me.
I couldn't be happier with the results.
I like knowing that I can trust my attorney and his staff to get it done.
First, the attorney -- nice guy who knows what he is doing.
Really, what more can you ask for?
Oh but it gets better.
Josh explains the process and the limitations of what he can do.
He gives you reasonable expectations and keeps you posted as things develop.
I appreciate his honesty.
Second, the staff -- talk about being on their game!
Whenever I call to get an update (which is probably more than they like and for sure more than I need to) they are incredibly polite and know me and my case.
Quite frankly, I should just quit calling because they give me regular updates via email.
So awesome.
Third, the price --  the best value for your buck?
Definitely.
Fourth, the whole experience -- amazing.
I refuse to use any other ticket fixer in Vegas when I know I will be taken care of well at Vegas Ticket Fix.
You can't go wrong here.
This one is a no-brainer.
Vegas Ticket Fix for every speeding, failure to yield, and other "sorry, officer I honestly didn't see the (sign) that says I can't do (what the sign says I can't do)" ticket.

My son used these guys and said he thought they were great.
As with most things that will affect you, you need to stay in contact with follow up phone calls.
Do not sit back and wait but that just makes good sense.
I wish I would have talked to my son first.
We went through the "Traffic Devils!
" They are pure evil.
They sat on their haunches until it went to warrant then charged us another $125 for their mistake.
Don't make my mistake...
Choose Vegas Ticket Fix!

I recently used Vegas Ticket Fix for a traffic ticket.
They did exactly what they said they would do.
I have never used any firm and was afraid to at first.
When I called up, they explained the process and how I would receive emails from them just to notify me of the status.
I was very impressed with the work they did.
My ticket was reduced and I understand that sometimes the fine cannot be changed but they saved me from having to take work off, having to go down and stand in line and most important avoiding points on my Driver's License.
I will refer more clients to them.
They were nice and helpful.

