Tracy is my salvation.
I work out with this man 3 x's a week and I love every minute of it.
Tracy is a pro body builder himself so whether you want strength training to lose weight, gain some muscle tone or seriously train for a body building competition, he will have the right program for you!
As a testament to Tracy, I've lost 20 lbs in the last 9 weeks by combining his training with clean eating and just 30 mins of cardio a day.
Needless to say, my clothes are fitting better and I feel great!
I've had other personal trainers before with very little results.
I like the fact that Tracy took me seriously when I told him my weight loss goals and my strength training goals and he cares about me and achieving results.
He varies up the routine when he sees the need so each time I train with him, it's not the same, boring drill.
And I can see my body changing before my eyes!
There are days, like everyone else, when I don't want to work out but I always show up and leave feeling more energized and more positive feeling about myself because of the encouragement Tracy gives me.
I love hearing him say, "Good job!
" when I finish a set!
Giving Tracy a 5 star rating is not enough, I would gladly rate him 10 stars!!!!!
For the month of Feb., if you mention Yelp and my name Su-shien C., he will give you a special discount on rate.
So don't wait to get the body and level of energy that you want~ call him today!!!!

Fve  stars is not enough for Tracy!
He is an awesome trainer and a great person.
He truly caress about  his clients.
He is supportive  and encouraging,  and can help you reach your goals no matter what they are.
I  have lost 156  pounds in  ten months with the help of Tracy I  am  stronger that I have ever been.
If you are looking for someone to put in as much great as you do,  call Tracy.

Tracy knows his stuff.
I have worked with Tracy 3 times a week for nearly a year and continue to improve with his help.
In addition to his knowledge Tracy helps me stay motivated and continues to change up my work out routine.
I have worked with other good trainers and Tracy really helps me push the envelope.
In the past I tended to disfavor leg day but since working with Tracy they are one of my favorites.
I had knee problems and consequently probably my weakest area, with Tracy I have gained strength and flexibility in my legs and especially me knees that I have never known.
While we generally stick to the same schedule week in and out, when needed Tracy is very accommodating for changes.

