I love this place the food is the real deal.
I will be back and Liz is a great waitress.
The chicken was great the rice was perfect.
I'm home sick for Tampa but this spot makes things easier

Does new ownership mean crappy service?
We arrived.
We were greeted.
We were seated and given menus.
Then, we were promptly ignored for over 20 minutes.
While  other tables were being tended to, we were passed by several time with out so much as an "I'll be right with you".
No water was served to us either!
I have eaten here before and never had such a bad experience, not here or anywhere else.
I am so sad and disappointed.
Never again.

I moved from orlando, Florida and was really missing the cultural food experience that you could find anywhere.
After trying this restaurant, hands down it beats any place I've tried before.
I no longer miss my orlando spot.
The portions are very generous and the price is reasonable.
Anything you order will explode in flavor on your first bite.
Sofrito is made from scratch and any dish you order will be satisfying.
To top it all off the service is genuine and exceptional!
The owner sat us down, and the server vicki was more than pleasant.
She is very personable and overall it was a fun experience.
It is like stepping into the island itself!
If you are looking for a genuine latin experience you must stop in.

Thanks to Yelp my wife and I have been trying a new restaurant each weekend.
This weekend we tried Puerto Rico Latin Bar & Grill.
We were very impressed with the quality and taste of the food.
We had the Mofongo Carne Frita (mashed plantains with fried pork chunks) and Tostones Al Mojo (twice fried plantain chips with garlic sauce).
They were delicious.
We had Flan for desert, AWSOME.
The restaurant was a true treasure to find.
The owner came to the table and we had a great chat.
This place was very clean and the food was very affordable.
We will be going back very soon.

Went there for lunch today with a friend.
The place was empty except for us and I don't really understand why.
We ordered a couple appetizers to share.
My favorite was the fried plantains.
I ordered the Pernil which is a slow roasted pork dish and I had the yellow rice with it.
It also came with a side salad which is a nice touch.
The pork was delicious although it didn't seem to have as much flavor as it did the first time I came.
Also there was some fat in it that I had to scrape out.
It wasn't a lot but enough  for me to mention it here.
My friend ordered the fried chicken and yellow rice.
She enjoyed it and said she would definitely come back.
I love that they have the Coco Rico soda to drink.
This is a coconut flavored soda that I really like.
I can't speak to the authenticity of the food as I am not an expert on Puerto Rican food but I can say it's delicious and I'll definitely be back!

I wanted a taste from home without cooking.
So I looked online and found this place.
Once we got there it felt like home.
The mofongo is delicious.
Pasteles are great.
If you have never had Puerto Rican food it is the place to go.
I recommend the pork shoulder and mofongo platters.
My best friend is Puerto Rican so I know authentic.
Aside from her kitchen it will give you a good starting point.

Awesome place!
Great tasting food at great prices.
Will definitely recommend this place.
This is the only place I have had that tastes just like my moms!
Try the pernil with yellow rice.
The flan is also to die for!

Amazing food!
I live Mexican food, but Puerto Rican food.... Wow!
Try the pernil and empanadas!
Malta Goya and flan was great too!
Definitely coming back with friends!

My husband & I eat here often for dine-in and carry-out.
They recently bought this place from the previous owners who also was a Puerto Rican restaurant.
Their food is fantastic and the service is amazing.
The owner is so friendly and attentive and the food is just like on the island.
We love the mofongo y pernil, the chuletas, alcapurrias, empanadas, pasteles....EVERYTHING ON THE MENU BASICALLY.
Their entree prices are reasonable, under $15-$20.
Just go and try it if you haven't before and I promise you will enjoy it all.

As I write this review I have to be upfront and admit that I have only been here twice for carry-out orders of Mofongo(mashed fried plantains in a broth with garlic).
I cannot get past the Mofongo on the menu because it is so good!
You can order it plain or with a variety of meats on the side.
I have had the Chicharrones(marinated fried pork) which are so juicy and go well with the Mofongo.
I will continue to come back and am promising my fellow Yelpers and myself to try other items on the menu!
The staff is so friendly and will explain their menu.
The restaurant is super clean and love the music playing that brings me back to my childhood when Mom and Dad are dancing while preparing our meals.
Please continue to support this place or stop by and try it out for the first time for a new experience!
I don't want this place disappearing.

I'm in a happy, fat food coma right now.
Today, my husband and I were trying to decide on take-out and I came across a BOGO coupon in the Entertainment book.
Score and done deal!
I was glad to see they had a website with the menu listed.
The menu does the trick but it would be nice if the pictures listed the name of the entrée.
The menu looked to be identical to the previous restaurant which was fine by me.
We ordered the Tostones al mojo, 2 alcapurrias, pernil with yellow and gandules (pigeon peas), and the beef stew with rice and a side of red beans.
Everything was very delicious.
The rice definitely had some crunchy parts (as another reviewer mentioned) which didn't bother me.
I am Puerto-Rican and grew up used to the rice intentionally being cooked that way.
I can see how it could be off-putting to others, though.
My husband thought the pernil was slightly bland but I thought it was just fine.
The bill was $32 before coupon, and after coupon, came out to $19.
I guess we were the first to use this BOGO coupon and the guy spent some time trying to figure it out.
He was very apologetic, though.
Overall, great value even without the coupon, as we have plenty of leftovers.
Will definitely be back for some PR comfort food.

I recently moved from Bronx NY to Arizona withmy husband and kids.
I tell you I was so stressed out, I was upset and having a tantrum that their were no puerto rican resturants.
I was in furiated til one day i made it my mission to find a resturant no matter how far it was.
I found Puerto Rico Bar and Grill online just googling.
I decided thats where i was going to go.
So my entire family went and my father who is a native from PR loved the place.
The food was amazing I mean i didnt feel as home sick.
Now all I need is to find a salsa club, with my salseras im not no pro but I love my salsa music.
I am still adjusting to Arizona.
its been 7 months.

My husband & I love this place.
We came here before the new owners.
But since the new owners, we have been there more frequently.
Wesley, the owner, is an amazing person and this place is his baby!
You can taste it in the food for sure!
Family owned and operated so you know it's going to be amazing.
It's the best Puerto Rican food in Phoenix, hands down.
My husband always gets the mofongo y pernil with a side of garlic oil for the mofongo (likes to keep the vampires away I think).
I like to change it up and get something diff each time.
I love the chuletas, alcapurrias, and the ambience the most.
We make it a point to come at least 2x/month but if it were up to me, it would be a daily visit.
Thank you for your amazing service and food each time.

This a great place great food and great service I love it!

It was a pleasure to find a restaurant with great service, I decided that I will be a regular client.
Thank you for the amazing food.
I am on cloud nine..   Hope everyone gives this place a try...you won't regret it

Delicious food.
Garlicky mofongo with nicely fried pork to go with it.
The alcapurrias were delicious but small.
I am deducting one star for running out of chicken which my husband wanted since he doesn't eat pork or shrimp.
Good service.
Good luck guys on the restaurant.
I had not been there since the prior place closed up.
I see you haven't missed a step.
Will go back soon.

Love LoVe this place!!!
Food is authentic and service is great.
My family is from NY and they also love the food.
Try the pernil and the mofongo!!!
Try it all!!
Very good!
I'd give it 10 stars.
I am planning on lunch here since it's at a better price :).
You will love it.

Not only is the food authentic, the people are too!
I ordered the mofongo with fried beef and I was in heaven.
Half way through eating it one of the guys walks over and gives me a little caldo from the carne  guisada he was making to put on my mofongo...dude that's something I have never experienced anywhere else except with family!
After that I had to order a side of the arroz con gandules!
With Hector Lavoe and Rey Ruiz in the background I felt like I was in a restaurant in Puerto Rico.
I live in LA and this place is worth the 1 hour flight or 5 hour drive....YES....it's that good!!
Check this place out...you'll see what it feels like for Puerto Ricans to visit family since that's how I felt when I was there...and it was my first time,

Walked in Saturday evening expecting a great meal.
I was recommended to thiz place by a born and raised nuyorican.
Reviews show food is phenomenal.
Unfortunately I can't agree.
We waited at the front door for about 10 minutes and nobody greeted us.
The three people in the kitchen kept looking out at us but never nodded or offered any type of acknowledgement.
As everyone already seated stared at us waiting to be seated, I noticed every single one of the 8 tables did not have food.
Needless to say, after 10 more agonizing minutes of waiting at the front door, 10 we left.

Food is great- full of flavor and reminds me of living in New York.
The service, on the other hand is really lacking.
At times, the restaurant will be closed without notice and there is no answering machine when calling.
It is frustrating to want pernil and attempt calling for over an hour, just to drive down and realize they are closed (no sign- just locked doors).
I love the tostones, pernil, arroz con gandules, but eveything seems to run on island time, instead of NYC speed.

I'm literally eating their food right now, and I wish I had an endless buffet of it.
They are catering a luncheon that I'm attending for work, and they brought with them the most insanely delicious beans I've ever eaten in my life!
And trust me when I say that- I'm a bean connoisseur.
I've never been to the restaurant, or even heard of them before this luncheon, but you better believe I just bookmarked this place to come back this weekend!
My belly is fat and happy :)

Very uncomfortable experience.
My visit was the only time I've ever walked out of a restaurant.
Upon entering, there was nobody to greet us, so after standing for a minute or two, we grabbed our own menus and sat ourselves.
Even though there were two servers and only six tables of people, nobody acknowledged us.
No hello, no waters, nothing.
After 22 minutes seated with no service, we left.
My girlfriend is Puerto Rican and was dying to show me authentic food.
We drove 45 minutes from south Chandler specifically to eat at the best place in Phoenix.
She had been telling me about it all week, about specific things she'd get us.
It's a shame that my first experience was so negative, but I'll have to try some of the other authentic options (closer to home.
)  I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Especially if you live in the East Valley.

Had lunch with the hubby here and this place never disappoints.
We even got a free order of to stones because I had their flyer.
This place isn't in the best area but it's worth finding for sure!
I drive all the way from Surprise to eat here and it's always good!
Pernil and mofongo are always good!
Yum- plus lunch prices are great!
Try and experience the taste of Puerto Rican cuisine!!

It was like being at home with my Mami cooking traditional Puerto Rican food.
Of course I had to peak at the Chef and to my surprise she looked like a teenager.
She did the damn thing... no better way to describe it.
The flan.... geez... don't forget to order you some flan!
And the staff...
I swear it was like being back in NY with family.

Having been to Puerto Rico twice with my ex who was born and raised on the island, I know authentic Puerto Rican food.
Omg it's so good... just go try it.
Celiac/gluten free note: most items on their menu are naturally gluten free.
Food breakdown:  Tostones: thousand island type dressing or a green garlic.
Mix them Mofongo w/ pork: sauce was fantastic, pork awesome, a ton of mofongo Mofongo w/shrimp: very garlicky... good if you like garlic  Side salad came from the store with ranch.
Good to offset the richness of the mofongo.
Highly recommended!

Love this place!
It's a little bit of home.
The service is always friendly as well as the owner.
And their mofongo with shrimp is amazing!
Would go more often if it was closer.

