So excited Karve Studio has opened a location in North Scottsdale!
I have gone to location in Old Town Scottsdale for years.
I've never seen a workout transform my body the way this does and now there is a studio even closer to my home!
Karve is great for all levels.

This place is awesome!
Got my ass seriously kicked...
I was visiting in Scottsdale and decided to try it out and now I am hoping they open one on Los Angeles!

I love Karve!
I was worried that the setting would be intimidating.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
They really make an effort to make certain that you are getting the most out of the class by gently correcting your form without making you feel like a loser.
They also make it a point to greet you by name each time you go in which is a very nice touch!
The studio is beautiful and clean, the music is awesome and the workout will leave you shaking in your socks!

I absolutely LOVE this studio!!!
I tried the location in old town first and instantly became addicted.
I was counting down the days for the North Scottsdale location to open since this one is much closer to home.
All of the instructors are very well trained and make the class so enjoyable.
They all make a point to know your name, help with correcting if form is off, play upbeat music.....they really have built a very nice family unit.
They also create fun challenges with prizes to win....even better incentive to get your body moving and shaking.
This is the first studio that I have ever joined that created incentives like this before.
Also, think its awesome they offer the first class free....dont know of any other studio that does this either.
In addition, I have noticed a huge change in my body as well.
I used to hike and do pilates all the time and after joining Karve, my body became leaner, burning more fat and used muscles I didnt even know I had.
I highly recommend if you are looking to shed some fat, tone some muscles and/or simply just want to try something new.

My review is for the North Scottsdale location.
First of all, I'm a grandmother who works at a desk all day.
and I had absolutely lost my flexibility and strength - especially upper body.
I had done Jazzerdise (love it) and I work on a treadmill.
But I just needed something different, and I don't have time for a 1.5 hour yoga class 3 times a week.
So I found this class because Lisa Farr from the Gilbert Karve location kept posting on Facebook.
I guess I just had to try it out.
So, I love it!
It's the hardest workout I've ever done, but I can really see that I'm making progress.
I can't praise the instructors enough!
They're all so kind and supportive to me.
I don't have the best form, body, ability or strength.
But they always have something positive to say, and they're very very careful to make sure everyone's form is correct.
There are girls and women of all ages, shapes and sizes.
We all work at our own ability, and we all encourage each other.
If you're looking to get into shape again, or add something different to your current workout, I highly recommend Karve North Scottsdale.

First of all, I'm a grandmother who works at a desk all day!
I thought I'd better get off my butt and exercise or I was going to become one of those "little old ladies".
Not!
So I decided to try Karve.
It's amazing.
The instructors are all so very friendly, and they truly care that your form is correct.
They encourage all class members, no matter what their abilities might be.
I've been going for 3 months , and I can really see progress being made!
I've so grateful that I found this place,.
If you're looking for a truly amazing workout, join the ladies at Karve North Scottsdale!
I'm so glad I did.

This barre studio is fabulous.
I have tried barre at different places, and this is probably my favorite.
The instructors really challenge you, and they are always making sure you have the right form.
Even two days after a work out I am still feeling it, but still looking forward to the next class!
Alyssa is very helpful and responds timely, despite how busy she gets!
And having this studio right across the street from my house doesn't hurt either!

I can't say enough good things about this place!
The facility is beautiful and clean, and the staff are all super nice, and make sure to remember your name.
This has been the first time I have actually looked forward to working out.
It's more expensive than my gym membership, but when I compared to how often I was going to the gym and how often I was going to Karve, the cost per visit at Karve was much less, so I dropped my gym membership, and now just do the monthly plan at Karve.

Karve Studio North Scottsdale, how do I love thee?
Let me count the ways... 1.
Your studio has the amenities of an upscale spa, all awash in a whimsical ballerina dreamscape that reminds us to be serious--yet not take ourselves too seriously.
Your Karve Method is remarkably adaptable, able to appropriately accommodate and challenge--quite literally--ALL levels of fitness in the same class.
Your goals are achievable: Start where ever your fitness allows you to start and move on from there, with meticulous attention to form and safety.
Your instructors are exceptionally professional, motivating, hands-on, challenging, caring, and, thankfully, sometimes downright goofy.
And finally, the Karve family you have created is a testament to all that you are!
I solemnly devote my fitness to you, Karve North Scottsdale.
I will tuck no other.

This is a wonderful barre studio.
I got hooked on barre at the Village, but (at least when I was a member) there were only two classes a week!
Karve has several classes a day - enough that there is no excuse for skipping.
It also helps that Karve is right next door to Daydreams so someone can watch the little ones for me too.
Flexible schedule and babysitting - there go my excuses.
Every single instructor is wonderful, challenging, upbeat and professional.
The staff here is just incredible.
They really really know what they are doing AND there is usually at least one other instructor in the class actually taking the class.
Got to admit - I like it that the instructors take the classes too and that they also shake and struggle through thigh work!
I appreciate that there is a "formula" to the class, but that even after about 50 classes, I have not been bored.
And finally, I really like the other women that go to Karve.
It is a beautiful place to spend an hour.

I really appreciate this studio and the lovely people who make it such a positive place.
Its a fantastic supplement to my yoga practice.
Alyssa the owner couldn't be more kind and supportive.

As someone who does not like to work out but trying to get my body together, Karve is perfect for me.
I was never motivated with the gym.
I took dance classes consistently growing up and loved the results they brought.
I had great form and my body was in shape, and plus dancing is fun.
Karve brings the focus of ballet from your past with being in perfect form and alignment in your mind throughout the workout.
When you do things correctly you get great results.
Beyond knowing that being consistent with this will show results rather quickly, all of the women at this studio are so kind and welcoming.
Additionally, the instructors are also motivating and fun.
Even in pain from the workout you will find yourself laughing at some joke they have made.
Additionally, they now have Zumba as well to add cardio to your workout regimen.
This is such a fun class and one that for me does not have all of the focus that is necessary during a Karve class.
Even though I am sore today from the 9am class I will definitely be back tomorrow to feel the burn, smile, and laugh with the next workout.
Love it!

WARNING: These classes are super addicting, super fun, and will change the way you feel about working out!
I've tried regular gyms, Pilates classes, yoga classes, spin classes ... You name it.
I've never enjoyed going to class as much as I do now.
The instructors are fun, funny and really know how to motivate you!
Everyone in the class is supportive and it is a judgement-free environment ( also something I've never experienced in other classes!
) I should also add: these classes will really kick your butt!
It doesn't take long before you feel stronger, leaner and more flexible!
Each class and each instructor is different, which keeps the classes exciting and bringing you back for more.
I really could go on and on.
I love Karve!
Come and try it... You'll love it and the crew too!
(First class is free for AZ residents too!
What have you got to lose??
) :-)

A month ago I decided to give this studio a try.
I had tried another barre studio and as much as I liked the workout I didn't like the studio.
The moment I walked into Karve I was greeted with MANY smiles and welcomes.
I was told that it was a very friendly studio and they were right!!
He first night the instructor made it a point to remember my name and check on my throughout the class.
I have been going almost every night and it can't get enough.
Each class is a challenge and after two weeks I started to notice a change.
I've been going for a month now and bought my next month of classes.
I'm not going to leave anytime soon.

I've been coming for over a year and I still really love it!
You'd think that it would start to get boring after taking a hundred classes or so - but, nope!
They keep adding new and interesting elements that keep it fun and challenging.
I have noticed a marked difference in my strength and posture.
Muscles are definitely tighter and firmer.
(And, there is a HUGE sense of accomplishment when you finally successfully do pretzel!
)  This is a great workout.
Try it .
.you'll like it!

I've been "Karve-ing" for 2 years now and I love it!
I think it's such a great workout, especially for women, although my husband finds it equally as difficult.
I don't like a lot of the high-impact, lose-your-breath workouts so this is perfect for me.
I get toned in all the right places...booty lifted, arms sculpted, thighs shaped.
Even after 2 years, the workout is never the same and I actually get excited to go work out!

