Stopped in on a Friday night for their soft opening.
I love their Maryland Parkway restaurant, so I had high hopes for this location since it's much closer to my home.
The decor is much more conventional.
None of the comfier seating options like they have at their Maryland location.
But since I'm here to eat and not lounge around, it's not of concern to me.
It's not a small space, but I can see them needing more seating once word gets around about their new place.
It's a friendly and efficient you order and they bring you your food type of arrangement.
We ordered the Lamb Shank plate and the Chicken Kabob plate.
Both plates came with delicious hummus, pitas, Israeli salad and rice.
The lamb shank was accompanied by sauce covered mushrooms and carrots.
Delicious.
The chicken kabob was served with some kind of SCRUMPTIOUS garlicky butter.
It was like cocaine in butter form.
There are many very good Greek restaurants in the area, some even closer to my home, but none of those have the variety of foods that Stephano's has.
Definitely a good deal on really good tasting food.
You won't regret giving them a try.

If you want the best gyro and fries combo in town, go here.
They have a big menu that looks good but I am so stuck on my combo that I don't know when I will venture out and get something else.
I have been going to the Maryland location for over 10 years and only during lunch hours, so I could never have a beer with my meal.
Now that they are open* next to my house in Henderson, I am looking forward to having one of their unique beer selections not found in many other local places.
(*they told me on their soft opening that the beer will be available later in February).
Best of luck to Stephano, Nick and the crew in Henderson!!
In addition to making great food, you guys have made a very comfortable and inviting atmosphere to enjoy it.
P.S.
when I refer to your shop I still call it Daily Chicken.

Stopped by for a quick lunch during their soft opening this weekend.
I knew right away I was in for a treat when I saw a couple of their upright gyro rotisserie grills grilling up the meats.
Also what caught my attention was that they offer low carb items in their menu and also your choice of wheat pita bread.
Love healthier choices!
Ordered the Beef & Lamb Gyro sandwich which I upgraded to a combo that included an appetizer and drink.
Great deal for under ten dollars.
Meat was seasoned nicely and real tender, pita bread soft, and the tzatziki sauce in it was outstanding.
Love the generous portion of Hummus that I chose for my appetizer as well.
Also got to try a sample of salad and baklava.
All I have to say is I'm happy that we have another authentic Greek restaurant in the area.
Everything is fresh and definitely made from scratch.
Casual dining area.. there is enough seating to handle a busy lunch crowd ..order at counter and they bring your food out to you.
Service is helpful and friendly.
Big plus they are open early for breakfast and also will have a breakfast menu.
Their menu has some of my Greek favorites Pasticcio and Moussaka!
Even a Vegetarian version of it!
So I'm looking forward to trying out more dishes from here so I can update this review.
I bet then I can bump it up to five stars!
Find this place in the Smith's strip mall near the coffee shop.

Best Greek food in Vegas.
Atmosphere is nice.
Nice selection of alcoholic drinks.
Food is filling but, not greasy.
Price is good.
What's not to love.
They have delicious fries too.

This is the best Greek food I have found in Las Vegas.
Crazy Pita watch out!
We had the combo and of course the staple chicken shawarma on our first visit, just on a trial basis and to give a consistent idea of each Greek  spot we visit.
Staphano's didn't disappoint and we will be sure to come back often.
We even have Greek friends who are visiting next month and this is the first place they will go, especially after trying EVERYWHERE else that disappointed them last year.

We stopped in last night to grab some dinner, after getting tired of all our quick dinner out staples.
The restaurant is gorgeous!
Clean lines, snazzy decor, nice and open.
Plenty of seating for dine-in-ers and take-out-ers.
The only complaint I have is that their menu is posted in the back of the register, customer-side, so it's small and just not visible to anyone other than the person ordering.
Anyway, I ordered a gyro rice bowl, while Boyfriend ordered a gyro wrap (just a regular gyro) and a veggie kabob.
We got home and got ready to devour.
My rice bowl was fantastic.
Plenty of meat and rice, along with a generous serving of Israeli salad (a really amazing mix of diced cucumber, tomato, parsley and red pepper flakes).
It comes with two hot, soft pitas (your choice of white or wheat).
I loved my meal and will definitely be ordering it in the future.
Boyfriend was vaguely disappointed in his.
The gyro was definitely on the small side, with less meat than was in my rice bowl and was skimpy with the veggies.
Speaking of skimpy veggies, the kabob?
The cashier told us it was "huge" and held out his hands about a foot apart.
In reality, the kabob consisted of two 3" sticks, with maybe 10 veggie pieces total.
It was something that I'd expect to pay .99 for, not $2.50.
We decided to come back for sure, since the food itself was tasty and it's super close to our house.
Boyfriend has decided that he will be getting rice bowls from now on.

I got stuffed at the new Stephano's.
After cycling class, my friends headed over here for Valentine's Day dinner.
Josh said he'd already eaten there two days in a row for lunch, but was game to eat there twice in one day, it was that good.
I was just looking forward to spanakopita and baklava, which I assume every Greek place has.
Much like the Great Greek and Greek Bistro, Stephano's is more of a casual establishment where you order at the counter and then your food is brought to you.
I chose the Vegetarian Combo and had water, a $13.50 meal and a bargain when I saw the amount of food that was brought to me a few minutes later.
Hummus, two stuffed grape leaves, wheat pita bread, spinach pie, tabbouleh, and falafel--great goodness me!
It was definitely a combo.
I was disappointed in the spinach pie--flat, a little overbaked, and more phyllo than spinach.
The rest of the food was good and I couldn't finish everything.
Then, one of the employees brought a platter of baklava to the table and gave us each a piece for free--score!
THEN, Anna gave me her piece--double score!!
Josh ate his--whatever.
All in all, it was a pleasant way to end the Hallmark Holiday and I'd eat there again.

Even though there's Stephano's near UNLV, I was in the neighborhood and decided to try out the greatness...   And I'm totally glad I did!
Ordered a 1/2 flame grilled chicken (dark) with wheat pita, Israeli salad, hummus and a side of garlic spread(?
)   Completely delicious, although next time I'd probably sit there and eat to have it still nice and hot, instead of making the trek home and eating it warm.
I'll definitely be back or try the location near school if I've got time for lunch.

Best gyro I've ever had (and I've had quite a few)  Spoke to the owner himself- very nice and humble.
Workers were also great  Interior of the joint was also very classy and tastefully done  All in all amazing experience where I might just have to eat every Saturday or Sunday for lunch

I like the food and the staff was friendly.
I have to say I like the food at  Yannis better but for the proce and the variety of the menu you cant beat it!!

Easy access in the Smith's shopping center near Starbucks.
Good flavors and the portions are filling.
My mom and I ended up taking half of our dinners home for lunch the next day.
So... it was like getting 2 meals in 1.
Always a nice thing.
Service was "mixed".
The cashier was nice and friendly and walked us through his favorites when we asked.
But the kitchen seemed to have issues... we waited a really long time for our dinner.
A couple people who ordered after us were done with their dinners and left before we even received ours.
The cashier gave us free baklava in exchange for having to wait.
So, we had dessert before dinner.
The baklava was not overly sweet but the phyllo dough was really thick and a bit dry.
So, it wasn't my favorite but being free...
I ate it.
The beef/lamb gyro was juicy and tasty.
The veggie kabob I ordered had a nice flavorful grill on it and the veggies were fresh and not overcooked... not undercooked... cooked just right.
I'll be back to try more of the menu.
But I'll try to go at a less busy time of the day.

This was my first time visiting Stephano's.
They have been open for about 1 1/2 months.
Small restaurant but could seat about 40 - 50 comfortably.
The restaurant was about 75% full with a good stream of people ordering to-go.
The layout flowed well and they had a open kitchen to the dining room only separated by plexiglass.
Service was great!!
Young lady at the register was friendly and provided suggestions for a 1st timer.
The food was pretty good.
I got the chicken gyro wrap and a shrimp skewer.
Food can out in about 12 minutes with a busy restaurant.
There were 2 cooks, expo/food runner and cashier.
Well staffed for the size of the restaurant.
I would definitely recommend to try this place if you like Greek and Mediterranean food.

Great food.
I had the lamb shank and it was fall off the bone super delic.
It was not too gamey, well cooked with great flavor.
They have a good selection of food and I hear the Gyro's are amazing.
I would repeat and try the gyro's next time.
Great service also.

Overall pretty good.
Not as consistent as I like.
One day the hummus was awesome, the next time it was watery.
One day the chicken kabob was amazing the next it tasted a little stale.
The chicken schwarma was pretty good, the dolma were good, the rice was "meh" and the israeli salad was awesome.
I would go back, but it is not my goto spot for middle eastern food.

This place is amazing!!!
I come to Vegas often and every time I do, I have to stop by Stephano's for their gyro sandwich.
All of their food is amazing AND they added some amazing breakfast foods too.
The gyro waffles are too good.
The staff is very polite and helpful.
I recommend this place to all my friends if they are in Vegas.
If you are in the area, you MUST stop by and try it for yourself.

LOVE!!!
The food here is awesome.
Still thinking about it...Paymons eat your heart out cause you aren't even close.
Not that I ever thought it was good anyway....hehe :)

Love this place!
Food and service is great, there's always something new to try.
I can't stop eating their baklava!

Best Greek Food in Town!!!!
The service is great and the hummus is out of this world.
I've tried Greek food all over town and this is absolutely the best.
My mother and I never agree on food (or anything else) but we both absolutely loved this place.
The only thing that bothered is the music was super loud and and a little too authentic.
Ugh, I felt like I was trapped in My Big Fat Greek Wedding.

If you are a fan of the one but live on the Southeast than you will have reason to rejoice.
The food is just as good and the convenience does not hurt.
I have been here a few times and have enjoyed everything so far.
The gyro meat Greek salad is large and filling.
A mountain of greens are topped with feta cheese, onions, olives, and no shortage of fresh shaved meat.
The choices between salad dressings and pita bread makes it even better.
The pomegranate vinaigrette and whole wheat pitas are the special touches to a classic.
The gyro pita sandwich is filled to the brim with fresh ingredients when paired with fries and a drink, it is more than enough food.
The most recent visit had me sharing a chicken skewers plate and that is enough food for two.
A side of cucumber salad, hummus, and rice will have you full in no time.

Greek food seems to be trending these days with spots opening up all around the  valley.
Yay, because 20 years ago there was only a handful.
Yay again because Stephano's is in the neighborhood.
Stopped in for a light lunch and loved every bite.
I ordered a small Baba Ganoosh and a Keba Ball..
The Baba Ganoosh was rich & creamy or eggplant and garlic, served with two warm pitas.. YUM..
The  Keba ball is kind of like cooked Kibbee.. flavorful meat on the inside with a seasoned breading on the outside and then fried.....
So good, I ordered another one to go...  All the items on the menu looked great and I can't wait to go back again..
If not for  lunch.. definitely dinner!

We are now regulars, ending up here at least once a week.
The menu visibility issue has been resolved, although not in the way I expected!
There are big laminated menus on the fence/divider as you walk in.
We also grabbed one of the paper menus next to the register to take home.
This way, menu perusal is easy, you can be out of the way of the line *and* there is no giant menu taking away from the gorgeous decor!
Well done, Stephano's!
I continue to think that the gyro bowl is the cat's pajamas.
SO stinkin' good!
I keep meaning to try something else, but I just can't go without the warm pita, tangy tzatziki, succulent meat, amazing salad and that rice!
I have dreams about that rice.
It's a ton of food and will likely fill the belly of even the hungriest person.
Stephano's has earned itself a top spot in the dinner-out rotation!

try everything.... you will love it!!!!!!
bible

Amazing service and food.
I dine there minimum 2 times a week.
Excellent service all the time and the environment is very warm and welcoming.
Their food is excellent.

Solid, authentic Greek Mediterranean grill.
They have a lot of your Greek favorites: Gyros, Chicken (Almost like Zankou Chicken from Cali), Souvlaki, Hummus, Baklava...etc.
Happy that this Henderson location opened since it pains me to drive to the UNLV area to get some good gyros.

Yum!
If you want a good gyro, come here!
I did have to wait probably close to 30 seconds for someone to acknowledge my existence at the register but I am willing to overlook that.
The food was so tasty and the portion size was great.
Super fresh tasting, and high quality stuff.
I am from Chicago, and have some great Greek food there, so trust me, I know what I am talking about.
:)  Food came quickly, the only thing I missed was the feta cheese all crumbled on the top.
But, for the calories I was about to consume, it didn't matter much to me.

Chicken Schwarma plate is fantastic.

Tri tip shawerma was very tasty, hummus was good, and the free baklava for check in was superb!
The Israeli salad had too much onion and not enough cucumber for my taste.
Boyfriend says the tabbouleh needed more couscous.

This place has a nice décor, I love the darker calming color scheme.
It is a cute place for lunch with friends and even a casual date.
I got a whole mess of food to bring back to a family lunch when I was in the area.
It came to about 90 bucks.
What I liked right away is there are low carb options so that is great for Atkins and diabetics, dieters etc.
Always nice to have an option.
They even have a large meat platter you can get.
So I ordered that, no one liked the smaller bits of meat, I forget what it was called... but the other pieces were nice.
( I decided to just try out a whole mess of different items, great way to find out which are your favorites).
The desserts looked tiny, as in bite size.
They were cheap too.
So good if you just want a bite but are watching your waistline too.
To us the Salad was very grassy tasting and not very crisp, but that is just about personal choice in lettuce preference.
It might be the ideal salad for someone who actually wants some greens and not ice burg lettuce.
The rice was just rice, I wasn't disappointed or impressed.
The casserole dishes needed some help.
They were small for the price with way too much cheese.
The staff were fine, I got helped to the car with the bags.
Considering the choices on Eastern Ave, this is a better bet than most,  but if I really want amazing Greek food I'll keep going to my favorite the Great Greek on Warm Springs.
So this is a good review, the place is mentionable.
One just needs to know a little bit about the menu to work it to your best advantage and preferences.

Before I mention the amazing quality of food, the environment here at Stephano's is so welcoming and friendly.
The service here is just exquisite.
The restaurant is definitely family friendly and I love dining here all the time.
I now find myself here weekly and also ordering take-out.
The food is cooked to perfection.
Just the way I like it.
I HIGHLY recommend you try this place out.
I guarente you will fall in love and become hooked!

I figured i'd write a review on the restaurant since there's not that many.
I ordered a Gyro after drinking for a bit (yeah that 151 was rough....) and honestly, it was the best Gyro I have ever had.
On numerous occasions I've ordered Gyro's in the past and they just didn't taste fresh.
Whether it was the vegetables, the meat, the flatbread etc.
Here?
Everything was fresh and hot.
The lamb was amazing.
And the portion is a good side.
The decoration is pretty good.
They have TV's and the diner has a very rustic charm to it.
They also serve beer and wine so you can get that fix if you want.
Price was about 8 bucks per Gyro so it's a little pricey but you can taste the quality.
Better to spend an extra 3$ on something that's done right than be a cheap skate and get a average to meh Gyro.
The only downside is that it's a little small in the inside but you should be able to get a seat.
Overall it's a great little place to check out.

I'm so glad they opened another Stephano's in Henderson!
I have a lot of family who lives there and I make sure that every time I visit them, that I at least come to Stephano's once, if not, every day I'm there!
The food is always consistant and I'm in love with their hummus!
I can't get enough of this place.
I only wish they had one in California.
Not only is the food amazing, but the employees are really nice!
They always answer every question with a smile on their face, and they really know how to take great care of their customers.
If you're looking for an amazing Mediterranean Grill, Stephano's is definitely the place for you!

First time here.
I ordered the beef & lamb gyro on a whole wheat pita.
It was delicious.
One of the better ones I've had.
I love that they offer the wheat pita.
I will definitely be back to try there other menu options.

Pretty good first impression- the chicken kabob plate was very filling and had some unique surprising flavors.
It came with two generous kabob sticks and a garlic dipping sauce on the side.
I was very skeptical because the garlic "sauce" looked more like a garlic paste and I didn't want to scare off all the vampires in the immediate las vegas area.
However once I gave it a try, I couldn't stop eating it.
It does have a very strong garlic punch, however it complimented the chicken perfectly.
I found myself constantly going back to the dipping paste for more.
The kabobs came on a bed of "rice pilaf" - which was just white rice that was very fluffy, but nothing extraordinary.
The Israeli salad was nice a refreshing- a good mixture of bit size pieces of cucumber and tomato.
It was a nice compliment to the chicken.
The place also came with a generous helping of hummus- however with all the garlic partying in my mouth, I couldn't really discern much with the hummus.
They do offer wheat or white pita bread and I think I found that I don't care for the wheat bread much- just stick to the regular white pita.
And check in on yelp!
You'll earn yourself a complimentary piece of Baklava cake- just perfect.
Buttery and nutty and just a perfect way to end your Greek fest!

I found out about Stephano's when I weight lifting in late 2011.
Ever since then I've been hooked!
You must try their chicken kabob plate, wheat pita and with a side of galic paste, it's my absolute favorite.
Everything on their menu is delicious and Stephano's also offers a great catering menu (I've gotten catering from them for family dinners and by far one of the best deals in town).
I'm so happy that they have two locations; one close to my home and one close to my work.

Definitely the best Greek place in all of Las Vegas.
I love any chicken item they serve with extra garlic lard sauce.
Its amazing.
I also order for delivery and its pretty quick for vegas standards.

Awesome greek food!
Finally something Greek for Henderson to be proud of!
Awesome greek salads and gyro!
Ordered my 5 year old pizza, fries, hummus and pita - loved it!

Probably the best gyro sandwich I've ever had hands down.
Their menu is extensive, but not overly so.
The meat almost has a bbq'd flavor to it, but still keeps its traditional roots.
I have no need to eat at any other gyro place locally!

The hubs and I are fairly addicted to making our own hummus, so we're a bit hesitant to try hummus elsewhere, and we NEVER touch store bought hummus.
However, we decided to try this place a few weeks ago and WOW.
Delicious!
The owner was actually there and my hubs was so ecstatic about the food that he asked to give him a high five.
The owner obliged but it really is that good.
I got chicken shawerma plate and my hubs got the combo plate with beef and lamb.
Their pita bread was to die for and the hummus was delicious.
My only complaint was the dining area was very small but I don't think they had a choice on that!
Maybe they can expand, but it's worth the price so delicious/

The food here is fantastic.
I've tried many different things on their menu but the gyro bowl is definitely my favorite.
I was a little disappointed with their gyro sandwich and I found that their gyro bowl is a far better deal.
What I mean by disappointed is the size and amount of meat in the sandwich.
I ordered a grilled vegetable kabob along with the sandwich and it did not really satisfy my hunger.
The kabob included 6 pieces of vegetables.
I probably won't order that again.
Their gyro and shawerma bowls are the way to go.
The bowls include some of the best rice I've ever had from a 'take-out' restaurant, choice of meat, Israeli salad (tomato, cucumber, onion, seasoning), plenty of fresh pita bread and a side of tzatziki sauce.
Delicious!

This place is really good!
Best Greek food I've had in town in awhile.
The people at the counter were really nice, helpful and patient.
We liked how their menu had pictures as well as descriptions.
They did bring food to our table which was nice.
I got the spinach pie plate.
Came with spanikopita, two dolmas, hummus and tomotato with cucumber and onion salad.
It was soooo much food but it was all really good.
The seasoning on the dolmas was the best I've had in town as spiced it up, the spanikopita was nice as actual pie not those silly triangles people claim are spinach pie.
The hummus was seasoned well and the salad was a nice touch.
It's nice how they have wheat or white pita options as well.
My friends got the gyro combo and the falafel combo and they both loved their food.
They got fries and loved how they were seasoned.
The falafel she hadn't had since Europe and was quite impressed.
The kids all got dessert.
Rice pudding they liked but the hit was the warm NUTELLA and pita!
They couldn't get enough of it!
Nutella in a Greek joint... Definitely a hit for kids!
We all enjoyed and are definitely going back!
The only reason not five stars is there were 7 of us and we had to sit separately as no table for more than four and some other tables were taken so it wouldn't have been possible to move tables together.
It also therefore was crowded at the table for four once the food came.

After getting my teeth cleaned at the dentist, I checked out the Yelp app and found this place for dinner.
It's located in a strip mall surrounded by crappy fast food restaurants.
The inside is clean and spacious -- at least when it's completely empty it feels big.
I went with the tri-tip shwarma which came with a salad full of chick peas, cucumbers and other deliciousness.
There was also some hummus and pita with it.
I loved the flavor of the steak, especially the crispy edges.
There was plenty of spices and seasoning on it.
My kid went with the kid's pizza.
It's actually just a pita topped with sauce and cheese.
Good in concept, but not execution.
It was a soggy mess and my kid barely ate it.
Next time I'll just get him some chicken.
Prices were decent, staff was friendly and willing to help out a first timer there.
If this place was closer to me I'd probably be a regular.

Excellent Greek food, these guys are the best in this area without any doubt.
The food tastes incredible, the chicken is some of the best I've had anywhere.
Definitely recommend checking this place out.
It isn't cheap, but you get what you pay for here and I think their prices meet the quality.

By far the worst food I have ever had!!!

Coming from La I have had so much good Mediterranean food and have yet to find something  truly comparable in Vegas.
Tried this place for the free baklava and it was fairly close to my apt.
I ordered the combination chicken and kofta kabob.
The chicken was juicy and tender while the kofta was dry and tasted like it was sitting out for awhile.
The rice that came with my meal was dry and undercooked.
Maybe I came on an off day?
I liked the garlic sauce and the baklava was tasty so I will be back to try them out again hopefully ill have a better experience next time!

Stopped by for takeout Thursday night for a bite after class.
We ordered the veggie kebab (mushroom, tomato, onion, zucchini, squash) which came with Israeli salad, hummus and rice pilaf, and we ordered a side of lentil rice.
The veggies were perfectly grilled.
I found the veggies to be slightly overwhelmed by the vinegar marinade.
The rice pilaf was actually my favorite!
The rice was perfectly cooked and very flavorful.
The Israeli salad and hummus were what I expected, but the lentil rice was a disappointment.
The flavor was nice, but it was so soggy it was a dense ball.
Bummer, the picture on their website looked so fluffy.

I grabbed take-out from Stephanos on my way to visit a friend in Anthem this past Monday night.
From the look of the place, everyone (dine-in customers included) orders from the counter, which added to the home-cooked flavor of the place.
Based on the menu, I have a hard time understanding why this restaurant bills itself as a "Greek" place because there were so few greek options on the menu!
They serve mostly the standard middle eastern fare, which is more than fine by me.
The baba ganoush was really good, as were the kofta kebas and chicken shwarma.
I was really excited to see kibbi on the menu (can be hard to find in Las Vegas!
), but I was pretty disappointed - no meet in the shell, I think it was just bulgar wheat.
Maybe it was just some sort of greek kibbi I have never seen before, as it was spelled differently.
They offer whole wheat pita, which I thought would be interesting, but we preferred the white.
I live very far away from this location (and not close to the other location either), and it wasn't good enough to warrant a special trip just to eat here.
However, I would definitely go back and for those who live nearby, I highly recommend it for weekly middle eastern takeout!

The food is a amazing and the customer service is the best I've ever had.
I reccently ordered 2 gyros and a steak wrap for delivery.
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.
I promptly called the restaurant and they quickly sent another driver to deliver the missing item from my order.
Additionally, they included a second steak wrap, 3 pieces of baklava, and a fully filled rewards card good for a free dinner plate.
Service above and beyond that which was required to right a wrong.
I liked this place before because the food is so good, but they've just earned a happy customer for life.

Awesome awesome awesome!
I ordered the cheesy gyro and my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon kabobs.
Amazing flavor to everything we ate.
The filet mignon was melt in your mouth great, which is hard to find if you aren't at a steak house.
My gyro was delicious, one of the best in Vegas.
We will definitely be back!

Stephano's is my latest addiction.
If the government ever outlawed mediterranean food I'd be like Bubbles from the Wire, walking the streets of Las Vegas looking for a hit of Gyro to "scratch the itch".
Thankfully it hasn't come to that and I can instead legally swing by Stephano's every few days (sometimes daily, it's come to that before) for a fix before the withdrawal symptoms set in.
I've tried several menu items.
My favorite overall item is probably just the gyro rice bowl.
It's basically a bowl of rice with several pieces of gyro meat and a small side of israeli salad (which always consists of seemingly fresh tomatoes and cucumbers) and some pita bread (white or wheat).
I think the portion size is perfect with the rice bowls as opposed to the plates which should only be used for feeding large families.
Okay that's a lie as I still from time to time will order a plate because really the food is so good I always want more even when I finish.
That's probably a medical disorder that I just admitted to you all, but I like these reviews to have that extra special personal touch to them.
The plates are a little more expensive, and are loaded with more meat, more rice, more everything essentially and some hummus to boot!
I can highly recommend the gyro plate, and also tried one of the mixed skewer plates with chicken and lamb, and everything was great.
On occasion I also will just get a straight up gyro or the "cheese gyro" which is the same but with feta.
Stephano's makes an excellent version of this classic.
The gyro meat, obviously the driving force, is always tender, juicy, and full of flavor.
They don't skimp on the meat either.
I usually get an order of feta fries with those, and don't be fooled by the order sizes of "small" or "large".
The small is large and the large is unconscionable.
Even if you're sharing with another, the small will do.
The only item I've ordered that I wasn't a huge fan of was the chicken shawerma wrap.
I found the mix of tahini and garlic sauce to be overpowering and the chicken was overcooked.
It may have just been a one-time thing, but I haven't tried it again.
The other items that I mentioned above have more than made up for it.
I can safely say that if you stick with the dark meat, you'll be okay (someone less civilized than I could make a joke about Kim Kardashian here)  So whether you're jonesin' for falafel or just out for a one-time recreational usage of Tzatziki, let Stephano's be your pusher.

How is this place only 4 stars?!?!
Place is super clean unlike other kebob restaurants.
Staff always friendly and courteous.
Highly recommend the Kebob combo plate with steak and chicken.
If you're like me and can never decide, just get both!!!
Always stopping by here if I'm in the neighborhood.
One of the best places in town.

Food is AWESOME!
My family and I love the Greek food we get in Detroit's Greektown, and we compare all other Greek foods to it.
My parents ordered beef and lamb gyros, my brother got the lamb shank, and I had the spinach pie.
We all shared the stuffed grape leaves as an appetizer.
EVERYTHING was delicious.
My dad and brother said the meat was the best they've had.
Price was great for the amount of food.
We could've shared two or fewer platters between the four of us.
Staff were prompt and friendly!

LOW CARB PLATE  That's  two skewers each of chicken and shrimp combined with nice size serving of Israeli salad.
The two of us couldn't have been happier.
No pita bread or rice.
Fully satisfiying and did not leave with the feeling of being uncomfortable and bloated.
Skewered fresh chicken breast that was tastefully seasoned and moist.
Shrimp is deshelled and not over cooked.
It's hard to say which was better.
For Yu-go chauffeur to say he liked chicken breast is truly unusual.
Wrapped the chicken and shrimp in the green lettuce leaves and dipped them in the tahini sauce... sheer enjoyment.
Our Yelp friends Carol F and her hubby shared a steak kabob that came with rice and hummus.
I'm not sure they even tasted the food.
It was that good.
They didn't hesitate to say their daughter loves Stephano's food.
Besides the food, we admired the contemporary ambience and the open kitchen behind the glass wall.
Staff is very cordial and food was served within ten minutes of being ordered at the cash register.
Another satisfying and legitimate Hendertucky eatery to add to my list.

Whenever I have a craving for zankou in California I come to Stephanos.
I was so excited to hear that they opened one closer to my house than the one next to unlv.
My favorites are the chicken or the filet mignon bowls.
I love that they offer wheat pita bread and their garlic sauce is to die for.
Super garlicky just how I like it.
One of the best if not the best Mediterranean food spots in vegas.

I just love, love their tzatziki sauce, lamb, falafels, and hummus.
Everything is amazing, and bursting with flavor.
If I could eat here everyday, I really would, because I love Greek fooood!

I come to Las Vegas frequently for work and always try to pick new places.
After my meal this evening I will always stop here!
Stephano please come to Arizona!

I'm really surprised at all these positive reviews.
I eat a lot of Mediterranean food and this place is definitely below par.
I ordered a chicken shawerma plate and it doesn't come with rice or anything just salad and hummus.
It's just like the ingredients of a sandwich spread out.
Their garlic sauce is good but you need lots of it cause the chicken is really dry and tasteless.
I tried the beef last time and it was dry as well I was hoping chicken would be different but I guess they just use old or low quality meat.

This place is absolutely delicious, I usually get the grilled chicken plate or the gyro and they are always amazing.
I definitely recommend this to anyone!

I've been to Stephano's twice now.
The first time, I got the gyro meal, which comes with a LOT of food.
I didn't finish the French fries, the pita bread, or the hummus.
The second time, I had the gyro and French fries.
Overall, I'd say this review is maybe a 3.5 stars.
I can't go up to 4, but it certainly is better than 3.
Solid fries (thin and crispy), and good sauce.
My main issue that prevents me from bumping Stephano's up to 4 stars is the grilling of the gyro meat.
Not every place does this, and in some bites, it's FANTASTIC.
I love that flame kissed taste.
But, in a lot of places, really more often that not, it was overly cooked on the grill.
This results in a black and "charcoaly" taste and mouth feel.
It was these bites that I did not care for, and each time I had a lot of these bites.
The fry sauce has a nice tang to it, it's not just ketchup and mayo mixed.
It's probably the best fry sauce I've had.
I also like the special during lunch wherein they give you a free drink if you order a sandwich and side.
I've taken advantage of this both times I ate at Stephano's.
The check in offer is a small piece of baklava, which was fantastic.
It was the perfect size to finish the meal, and was very moist and sweet.
It was a great representation of baklava.
Overall, I understand why this place is so popular.
The restaurant is clean and comfortable and service is friendly and prompt.
But, the grilling is too aggressive for me and what should be a benefit ends up overwhelming the entire meal.

The best Greek place in Vegas!!!
I kid you not.
I had never heard of Stephano's until I noticed this location by my house...
I love Greek food and on a curious night I decided to try Stephano's with my boyfriend.
We each ordered the beef & lamb gyro, which comes with hummus and Israeli salad.
The portion was huge, for me at least.
First bite, we both looked at each other, eyes wide, with a smirk of pure satisfaction on our faces.
The meat was perfectly seasoned, didn't have to add any salt to it.
The pita was warm and soft, the lettuce and feta just added extra texture to the whole thing.
We decided that Stephano's was going to be our only place for Greek.
I usually only order the gyro, but yet another curious night, I ordered the grilled shrimp plate.
OH MY GOODNESS!
Words could not describe how amazing that plate was!
Shrimp was cooked to perfection.
They give you 10 shrimps, not the small ones either.
The Greek rice..
ROUND OF APPLAUSE!
It was so good I had to ask the manager what type of rice they used.
He told me how it was made and I complimented how great they are!
I definitely recommend the gyro and shrimp plate to anyone!
You will not regret coming here.
Service is phenomenal!
Every time I go here the cashiers or manager are so nice.
They are super friendly and knowledgeable with their food.
They also always give me some type of sample of their new desserts.
My first time there, the cashier gave me a free order of fries and drink to go along with my meal.
Just because.
They're just super friendly.
They are obviously all about customer service.
And for that they gained me and my boyfriend as regulars :)  PS- Do NOT forget to ask for the garlic sauce, for all you garlic addicts, like myself.

I meant to write a review when I visited a while ago but was so happy I forgot!
The food was pretty good.
I am biased when it comes to falafel as I have a great place I go to in California where I live but every time I am out here I make it a point to get their falafel and the great thing was with their lunch special I could get the falafel as a side to the chicken schawarma sandwich!
The only problem I had was the garlic sauce was a little runny but other than that I will definitely keep coming back!

Food was amazing!!
Tender kebobs with delicious seasonings (the filet was perfect!).
Humus was creamy and tasty and then...
The baklava!
It's worth the trip just for that!!!
Best ever!

I must say this place was Delicious.
I didn't have the pleasure to go myself as my husband picked up an order.
I can't really say if the service was good as we did not dine in.
I can say that the food was excellent.
I ordered the chicken bowl.
Sounds simple but great flavors.
Husband order a pita (lamb) and it was so tender and delicious.
Definitely looking forward to trying other things on their menu.

Definitely our favorite Mediterranean place in the south Vegas/Henderson area.
You can't go wrong with the chicken or filet kebobs.
Always best to dine in to take advantage of the warm pita.
The staff is also super friendly and very accommodating if you want to switch some things up with your order.
Too bad we don't live a little closer...

I happened upon this place when my kids were wanting Subway and I was looking for something different.
It is great if you avoid bread, like me, because you can get a double meat plate and it makes it a lower carb meal.
Since my first visit I have been back twice.
There is a lot of food on the plate, so I tend to share with my kids or bring home food for later.
It is easy to over order and I thought it was a bit pricey at first, but there was so much food that it became more than one meal.
Everything we have had there has been excellent!
The location is deceiving.
It is near many "fast food" choices like Subway, Starbucks, etc.
but really, this is "sit down restaurant" quality food.

Been here at least 3 times.
Food is great and prices reasonable.
Their gyro plates are delicious!
I don't even like lamb (I tried my boyfriend's meal) and thought the lamb gyro was actually tasty!
The israeli salad is good, the pitas are good also---i typically get wheat, but the hummus is a little bland.
But that's probably because it's pretty authentic and I'm used to the hummus' they sell at Trader Joes.
:)  All-in-all, great place to pick dinner for the family or just yourself!

Coworker's friend recommended this place!
Been here quite a few times!
Their grilled chicken is delicious!
I like how they have wheat pita!
Their rice is really, really good!
Not a lot of Greek places impress me but this one has to be a second favorite!

Free baklava with check in and a free drink during lunch with the purchase of a plate??
Sign me in!
My friend Loren decided on this place for lunch and since I haven't had Greek food in a while, I was like, why not.
I remember going to the location by UNLV and I wasn't very impressed with that spot.
It's been a few years and it's a new location, so I figured I would give them a shot.
I ordered the shrimp skewer plate ($14.95).
All plates come with rice, Israeli salad (cucumbers and tomatoes in a vinaigrette) and pita and hummus.
I'm trying to limit the amount of carbs and sugar I eat, so I opted for no rice and to substitute it with salad.
Easy suggestion right?
So guess what comes out?
I get rice after I specifically said NO rice.
The Israeli salad has been substituted for regular salad.
That's not what I wanted!!!!!!!
The girl offered to change it, but I know what happens to food when you send it back, so I just ate it in disappointment.
The shrimp was a little too charred for my taste.
I ate the rest of my food except for the huge pile of rice.
And to pay $16 for food that I didn't even finish was kind of a bummer.
I tried to give you another chance Stephanos, but I just can't like you.
P.S.
The baklava was good though.
That's the reason for the 3 star and not 2.
Moist and not too sweet!

I love the wheat pita and Tzaziki , and the gyro with feta is amazing.
My friend got the chicken kabob salad and it was great.
I love the hummus , and the gyro salad.
Cannot go wrong here, it's all delicious !

This is my favorite Greek restaurant in Vegas by a landslide.
I'm never disappointed from what I order.
Their tzatziki is phenomenal (get the large, it's great the next day).
They're gyro salad is great (my to go order).
It's huge for a cheap price.
The gyro is always warm and melts in your mouth.
Their creamy Greek dressing is amazing.
Average price on the menu is about $8.95 and they give you pita bread with everything.
Very authentic and delicious.

The service I receive here is great.
The food is amazing, it is the closest I can get to having the food I get back in LA.

I have found the best Greek place in Vegas!!!
The servers know me name from what I ordered eveytime I called.
This is a sign of their amazing customer service.
My regular order is the filet mignon kebab plate ($16.16), subsitute the Israeli salad with lentil rice.
The food quality is extremely consistence.
Never once have I disappointed with my order.
The meat is perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection.
You don't have to add anything to it.
The portion is also good.
I always have extra for the next meal/day.
The baklava is amazing!
I ordered the 1/2 tray back in December and finished them before my relatives visisted of out of town.
I was so loyal that they gave me the Punchcard without me asking for it.
I have never considered myself a fan of Greek's food until I found this place  I strongly recommend this place before you go elsewhere.
You will not regret your money and time with this place.
Cons:  I tried to the location by UNLV twice in the last month and I wasn't impressed with it at all.
The lentil rice was dry, hard, and stuck together; and the portion was much smaller.
The only plus side is that the UNLV location offers teacher's discount - you get free soft drink with your order.

Had a hankerin for a little Med food, so the wife and I thought we would check out a local place down the street.
Pat myself on the back with this one, with a little help from the Yelpers of course.
Don't expect much in the way of ambience, but who care when the food is this good...right?
We both had the lamb shank combo which comes with humans, home made wheat pita (wife had the white pita) and med salad!!
Of course I had to get a side of tabbouleh.
The entire meal kicked butt!
Meat falling off the bone, rice perfect, humans amazing and the tabbouleh....perfect!!
And they deliver!!!
We WILL be back!!

We LOVE Stephano's!
My husband and I go there at least once a week {they have a punch card - buy 9 get one free}.
We also take our friends and family there who visit us and they always comment on the food and how delicious it is!
The gyro salad is my favorite dish, along with the falafel.
The low carb plates are a great option too when we want to stick to protein and veggies.
If you haven't tried it yet, you are missing out!

I'm obsessed with this place.
I found a delivery menu on my door a few weeks ago and decided to try them out, and now I can't stop.
This is the BEST Mediterranean food I've ever had.
I get the filet mignon kabobs, and they are cooked perfectly every single time (medium rare inside).
I've also tried shrimp and chicken, they're amazing too.
The amount of food lasts me two servings, they definitely don't skimp.
The wheat pita bread is really good, and so is the israeli salad.
They have an orange-ish fry sauce that I like to dip everything in.
They offer a low-carb option for their meals, which is double meat and no rice.
That's 4 huge kabobs!
Overall, the food is fantastic, but so is their service.
They always tell me delivery will be 45 minutes to an hour, I always have my food in half an hour.
It arrives hot and the delivery guy is really nice.
They earn every one of their 5 stars!

First and foremost they deliver and at a very low cost.
We had three kabob meals.
Chicken, steak, and vegetable.
All came with plenty of sides.
Everything was fresh and hot.
Delivery was fast and friendly.
Price is right.
This place is fantastic and no doubt we will be enjoying many more meals from here.

I am hooked on the babaganoosh and tzatziki.
This is my second day in a row ordering.
Today I stocked up for late night healthy snacking.
Keep up the great job!

Took our family here for dinner last night.
Have seen it go in & been wanting to try it for a long time.
We had a coupon & decided to try it.
Absolutely incredible food!
My husband & I had the gyro platter.
Lots of food, had to take some home.
Took home some baklava for dessert.
It was the best baklava I've had in a long time!
Fresh, not dried out, with honey dripping out of it.
To die for!
Reminded me of what my Ya ya used to make.
Definitely will be eating here again!

I'm used to going to their location on maryland but when I tried this location, the service was even better!
I love their steak kebabs and their salads are so yummy!
If you're into greek food then you must try this place.

Ordered the Steak Shawerma.
Food was excellent.
Service was also great!
Dessert next!
Free Baklava with my check in.

Was over in the Anthem area for an appointment, and came across this place  for lunch.
Clean and contemporary, I ordered the filet mignon tips wrap on white pita bread.
The tips were out of this world!!!
Sooooo tender with nice texture and a hearty, meaty flavor.
Can't wait to try a plate next time I'm on that side of Henderson!

I love Greek food, its a nice way to change things up a bit, but so difficult to find a good place.
When I saw that this place opened up down the street from my I got excited.
First, second, third, fourth, ect.
Experience has been amazing!
Friendly staff, great food, reminds me of the food from the Greek festival where I used to live...authentic... Also the dipping sauce for the French fries is addicting.
Can't wait to visit again.
Which will be soon.

Not changing my review, just adding because I'm so obsessed with this place.
If you're also looking for a healthy alternative, they serve a "low carb" option for certain plate meals.
It comes with double the meat and double servings of Israeli salad, side if tzatziki and the garlic sauce.
Oh the garlic sauce  not gonna lie, thought it was butter at first.
It is highly addicting and goes great on anything!
Also if I didn't already say this before, if you get any of their salads, try it with the creamy Greek dressing.
Ugh!
Making myself hungry as I'm writing this... Service is always excellent!
Everyone is super friendly.

This place is insanely good!
My go to plate is the chicken shawarma bowl with the lentil rice as a substitute for regular rice.
Its the best!

Was so excited to think I was going to get Greek delivered to my house.
BUT, I dropped $30.00 for just one entree and delivery fee and tip.
$30 is a little excessive for just one person's food.
But ok, that happened, I moved on.
So at least for $30 it will be so delicious that I wont care that I am cheap.
But in the end, meh, it was just ok.... Will never eat here again.
Super bummed.
I think $5.00 is a tough sell when its just for one person.

Wow this is some good greek food and great service.

4 vegetarians just stuffed our faces with 4 different tasty options!
Fresh veggies, awesome dips, excellent falafel.
Highly recommended, glad we missed our turn for the intended restaurant and stumbled into this place.
The dip labeled "t" was a very unique flavor that I can't say was my favorite.
Two of us spent 21$ for lunch so medium price-wise.

This place was awesome, we had the tri tip plate and the gyro plate.
The meat was so tender, the hummus was really good too.
We checked in and got the free baklava for dessert and it was so good.
The good taste fresh and everything is well seasoned.
At first I thought it was a bit pricey but then I saw all the good they give it's well worth it.
My daughter loved the pita bread and she's 2.

I found a new place to eat when I'm in town!
I wanted to take a couple of my friends to eat Mediterranean food because they've never had it and so I yelped a place near them and found this one!
OMG, I have been craving it since I left!
and so has my friends!
They're definitely fans of the food.
Yay: -Rice pilaf: so simple but so good!
Had a subtle flavor to it... maybe chicken broth and butter but it was definitely the best rice pilaf I've had.
-tri tip shwarma: this is my favorite dish here!
I ate it with some yogurt sauce and it was the best thing I did all day!
Tri tip was flavorful and tender.
MUST TRY!
-Beef kefta kebab: this too had a good flavor  My friend's picky 2 year old actually ate the food!
She was a big fan as well.

The best gyro in town.
Tried the feta and olives appetizer...very tasty, HUGE portions of delicious food.

I first tried Stephano's on Maryland Parkway and have since been a fan.
Yesterday, I was by their new location and decided to stop in.
When I walked in, there were two ladies ahead of me and they took forever.
They were unable to make up their  minds and the girl behind the register was having trouble putting in the order.
After placing my order, the girl asked me again what rice I had ordered and when she handed me the water cups she stuck her fingers on the inside of the cup.
I could tell she had not been trained on common sanitary procedures.
Also everything about her and the process of placing my order was extremely slow.
As soon as the tray was put down on the table I saw that the side of pita was burnt.
Also, the pita containing the gyros meat was drenched in grease.
The gyros meat was tasty as usual and both sides were good enough.
However, I am not a huge fan of their hummus because it is has zero flavor.
The baklava's phyllo dough was also dry.
Stephano's is a great Greek fast casual alternative to Daphne's Greek Cafe that serves artificially tasting Greek food.
The food also comes relatively quickly no matter how busy they are and the food is consistent.

Food is good.
Ordered the filet mignon plate and it is ok. A little dry and burnt, but flavorful.
Hummus is good too.
Wraps look delicious.
Overall It's okay.

I read most reviews on here and it just shocks me too see why people find this place delicious, unless your stomach is a garbage disposal.
Lets start off by saying the place doesn't go with the theme of food, nothing on the menu is even greek probably like two things were, also knowing myself I'm full greek.
There food is way too salty and greasy it felt like i was at McDonalds for a second, customer service wasn't even good, I mean the girl couldn't even speak english properly an take my order having to repeat everything two times.
So I went ahead and ordered there steak kebab salad with there pomegranate dressing and regular pita..
I ENDED UP GETTING FOOD POISING THAT NIGHT, my husband had to rush me to urgent care that same night and it was just a BIG MESS.
The meat wasn't even properly cooked, there lettuce was watering and old i mean this place was a disaster.
I definitely DO NOT recommend this place to anyone unless your okay with food like such.
NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN!!

Phenomenal.
Great service, great food, good price.
No idea how they get chicken to taste that good.

I'm giving this place 5 stars ...The food was great, the service was great, the restaurant is very clean with stylish modern decor.
A bonus is the glass wall that let's you watch them prep food in their spotless kitchen.
1 last bonus is that you can pre order from their website.
We will be returning tomorrow.

