I've eaten here twice since it's opened and have really enjoyed the food.
I really can't think of a negative thing to say about it.
The price is low, the portions are more than enough, and it's very fast.
You can't really eat inside the restaurant--it's a pick-up and delivery kind of place.
Haven't used delivery, so I can't review that aspect yet.

I tried this place last week and it was pretty good.
Chinese delivery is always "ok" but I was very happy with the service and food.
I unfortunately don't think any delivery Chinese food will ever be 5 stars.
:( The food got here in a reasonable amount of time and was exactly what I wanted.
I will be ordering from here again when I'm not in the mood to go out.

I used to drop in here occasionally before it was China Jade.
Nothing special, but not something to avoid either; just meh.
Last week, I decided to check out the new place, and it's unrecognizable.
The atmosphere is *way* nicer, the employees are friendly and polite (and totally willing to explain unusual menu items), and the food is amazing.
I had the chow fun and was completely blown away.
Definitely worth a return visit or three.

OMG!
This is teh best Chinese place in the valley.
Why?
B/c they deliver, obvi!
Plus, they put extra effort in photoshoping green bits onto they're take out menu -  Green bits go particularly well with fried shrimp and wontons.
Pro Tip:  General Tso's Bean Curd.

China Jade: best Chinese food in the world?
Not according to this guy: http://blogs.laweekly.com/squidink/2012/06/david_chan_chinese_restaurants.php  China Jade: worst Chinese food in the world?
I don't think so.
I guess it's somewhere in btween?!?
I ordered food there once and it was pretty good.
Also, this is my first Yelp review eva.
Am I doing ok?
Also, I don't like Chinese food, generally speaking, but this was ok.  Also, I think if one is to eat Chinese food, General Tsao's is a good choice.
Also, I think we'll be getting CHINA JADE instead of Domino's for games now, because China Jade is pretty good and delivers and Domino's is not quite as pretty good but delivers.
Basically, we just need a good delivery place in Tempe to bring us food while we gamez?
Also, can you tell me a better delviery place?
Seth, Seth, Seth, Seth!

Thisn place is the TRUTH!!!!
The most authentic tasting chinese that ive tasted in AZ..
THe orange chicken will change your life.
They also have the best eggrolls Ive ever had and they are HUGE.
Very affordable, the dinner combo is like $6.95.
Plus this place delivers..
THE BEST.

Pretty good food at amazingly affordable prices and they deliver to my work.
I have ordered a few times and have been pleased with the Mongolian Beef, the Sweet and Sour Chicken, and the Kung Pao Chicken.
My only complaint was the Crab Puffs/Wontons which were a bit too chewy but they made up for it with excellent egg rolls!
Generous portions and lots of natural flavoring from the veggies.
Definitely not the best food I have ever had but it's very good and for the money, they cannot be beat!

Eating this as I type.
Delivery was faster than they said (est.
50, came in 25).
Food is really good and fresh.
No suspicious shaped food like a lot of Chinese places.
Egg rolls are A+.
Eat this.

Inexpensive very good Chinese!
Open kitchen, no roaches...cleanliness cn be a big issue at Chinese take out places lets be honest...this place is clean and managed well....prices are very good and is excellent Chinese for Arizona....!

Vegetables, specifically the celery, is always a little tough.
But being just around the corner from where I work, it will definitely do when I've got a craving for Chinese food.
The fact that they will deliver,..
Done deal.
Three stars!

For the price, it's excellent.
Now that Lychee Inn is gone from the area (tears, tears, tears), I'm having a hard time finding Chinese food nearby that's better than this at any price.
So far I've had the egg foo young and General Tso's chicken, and both were great.
The fact that they deliver is icing on the cake.
The only downside is that they're close enough to my house that I feel stupid lazy if I don't go and pick it up myself.

Decent enough, I would return.
Definitely more friendly for takeout/delivery than dining in.

My new favorite place!

Moo Shu Pork is delicious and flavorful.
My girlfriend loves the General Tso's Chicken.
The online ordering system on their website is impeccable.
Ordered twice from here now, once delivery and once pick up.
Delivery took awhile because they were busy and the delivery guy got lost in our apartment complex (which I don't blame him for that).
But I highly recommend!

For starters I'm not from Tempe so when I was hungry at lunch and knew I wouldn't be able to eat a dinner at a specific time, I knew Chinese food would cover me.
So ... Food is decent enough.
Not greasy.
Kung Pao Chicken is tingling on the tongue and the chicken is actually nice strips (hand cut?
) Cut back on the carrots.
Its called Kung Pao not Kung Carrot.
Cleanliness ...
Yes it is clean in here.
They have free wi-fi which is cool.
Amount of food ... less than I expected, but I'm sure my wife and waistline thanks you :-)

So good and not greasy!
my co workers love it and I am happy they are close to my work and home.
Also, the prices are right!
check it out :)

Tried China Jade for the first time yesterday.
The food is delicious.
Well at least the House Fried Rice and Hot and Sour Soup were delicious.
I love the ability to order online and pop in to pick up and pay.
I'll be back to try more menu items.

Last year we found awesome Chinese food on Yelp while on vacation in NYC.
Today we found it again on vacation, but in Tempe.
China Jade was awesome!
They delivered to our hotel, the food was hot but not too hot, everything was packaged well, and we were STUFFED when done.
The ONLY thing I was not pleased with was that they did not include plasticware with the food.
Small price to pay.
HIGHLY recommend China Jade!

This place is awesome.
I cruised YELP for reviews on Chinese take out and China Jade looked a like the best solution in our neighborhood and they hit a home run.
We ordered for 5 here at the office, order was ready when they said it would be, portions are great and the meals were terrific.
Today was the first of I'm sure many.

I tried China Jade for the first time tonight and... WOW.
pricing is comparable to other places in the area, but the quality of food and flavor is far superior.
the only downside here is the small selection of appetizers, but that didn't bother me one bit.
Egg rolls: large, basic flavor Cheese puffs: with a bit of green onion, they weren't bad General tso chicken: crispy and sweet.
Very sweet.
But WOW that is a ton of meat for a combo meal!
A few pieces of broccoli, not 2 cups of soggy veg as you'd expect.The steamed rice was sticky, which is just how I like it.
And ....  HOUSE SPECIAL LO MEIN (cue singing angels) I got a "small" portion, which I found could be a meal unto itself.
At least 4 pieces of juicy shrimp, large pieces of white meat sweet chicken, and the best BBQ pork pieces that were so flavorful, and so tender, I could not believe it was take out.
The sauce was perfect for me.
This is my new favorite and I will definitely be ordering here again!

Sunday night.
Work night.
We made it Chinese food night.
China Jade was good enough to leave a flyer on our doorknob, so we decided to take them up on the opportunity.
Small, not a lot of seating here.
However, there aren't a lot of folks here either and I'm ready for a veggie chow fun plate.
Took a little longer than we expected to get our food, but maybe they had a lot of deliveries that night.
I had a very delicious, BIG plate of chow fun for $8.
My wife ordered the egg foo young dinner special and she enjoyed it too.
Apart from the food and the friendly service, we noticed what a happening place this is.
Not many people were eating at the restaurant itself, but there was a steady stream of folks coming in ordering food to go.
This place is popular and busy-- I'm not surprised.
With tasty food at a nice price, people seem to stop by here often for a meal.
After our experience here, we will too.
Haven't been here yet?
Give them a try.

Average food.
Good orange chicken, Mongolian beef, kung pao chicken and noodles with beef.
V friendly staff.
Took some time to get our food

Good chinese food a bit pricey though.

First of all, the egg rolls.
They are amazing!
Big, crispy, and the filling is well-seasoned & meat based.
We ate there-- cute spot with a few in-house tables.
The sesame chicken was great & the fried rice was very reminiscent of teppanyaki, a little buttery and not too salty.
I recommend this place if you want a noticeable step up from Panda Express.
Also-- their portions are pretty big.
They gave our food to us in take-out plastic containers, similar to the ones Pei Wei uses.
The containers seem small, but my husband was impressed because he actually had to take some home!
The service is super friendly and they seem very family operated.
They deliver, which is also fantastic.

The food was great!
The orange chicken was one of the best I've had!
Staff was nice, but we didn't dine in.
They were pretty quick when it came to take out!
Ill def be back!

Ordered the wonton soup..was nasty..the wontons were very starchy and filled with what looked like poop also had some old celery in it..fried rice was ok but felt gross after trying the soup.. Will not be going back.

Coming from metro Detroit-Windsor area there are a lot of GREAT Chinese restaurants.
I have not found very good Chinese take out food in the Phoenix area since moving here in 2005 ...until now.
China Jade is very good  Chinese take out food.
I love their beef with Szechuan sauce and their sweet and sour chicken.
My mom makes better egg rolls but their egg rolls are really good.
This is the only Chinese restaurant I will go to in the Valley for take out food!
I gave it four stars cause it's not really a sit down restaurant.

Wow.
So this was the second time I tried this place.
First time I got the egg noodle soup and dumplings.
The egg noodle soup was this globby goop that had old nasty veggies.
The dumplings were very questionable as to what was in them, basically I could have bought better food from the frozen section of the grocery store.
This time, I used their website to order and pick up.
I checked to see if there were any pictures to double check what I wanted, alas there were none even though they have a place on their site that says "Gallery.
" So I Googled instead and online it says that Chow Mein was a fried noodle with veggies and sauce and lo mein was soft noodles and veggies and sauce.
I got the Chow Mein.
I instantly got a call from the restaurant to double check what I wanted.
I said I wanted noodles, with veggies, and chicken.
She told me it was with a white sauce and it was very hard to understand the rest.
I got it  home and it was this gloppy thick "white" sauce with nothing but weird bits of lettuce, chicken, onions, and gross looking celery.
Nasty.
AND no noodles, just some weird fried bits I assume that's what she meant by "crunch noodles.
"   Perhaps my misunderstanding, but my God it did not even look edible for someone who wanted to have Chow Mein.
My boyfriend got the roasted pork in garlic sauce but he threw his away too because it was just all goo sauce, like thick gel for a sauce.
He tried a bite and couldn't eat it at all.
So lastly, we had ordered so spring rolls.
Those were also disappointing.
They were soggy and tasted like they had been made then they were frozen, not fresh.
I don't write reviews often, but damn I was disappointed and I looked to Yelp before I went were I found mixed reviews, so I took a chance.
NEVER EVER AGAIN will I be going to China Jade.

Ordered the sweet and sour chicken.
Sauce came on the side, no vegetables.
Lonnie got the shrimp egg foo young and again the sauce was on the side.
Not a fan of the sauce on the side.
If they didn't use expensive containers maybe the would be better and food would be better.
I'm disappointed with the lack of onions, peppers and pineapple.

This place is sooo good especially for the price.
Have yet to have something I didn't like.
Lunch special is a large portion with soup or spring rolls, always a plus.
Definitely recommend trying

Best Chinese food in Tempe, no questions asked.
I haven't had anything from there I didn't like.
Also, in ordering from GrubHub one night, they messed up my order (which happens) and I called to complain.... tonight my order came with the dish they messed up.
The note read - "for free, because of last time.
" I didn't even have to mention it.
Can't beat service like that either!

Wow really good!
Filling, fast, and yummy!

Food was AMAZING!
I had the beef with broccoli and the sauce is excellent!
Sweet and sour chicken is not worth $10, but the chicken was good.
Highly recommend!
However delivery took over an hour..... :(

Had two deliveries whilst on business travel- and they didn't add forks or napkins in each time- food was decent and soup was great!

Just moved to the area and was in search of a new chinnese place.
This place is delicious.
We ordered mongolian beef, chicken lo mein, sweet and sour chicken, and egg rolls.
My only complaint is the sweet and sour chicken comes with sauce on the side and no veggies, making it pretty bland.
Everything else was delicious!

This is pretty good Chinese food at a reasonable price.
And by pretty good, I mean better than any other order-and-be-finished-eating-within-a-half-hours-time Chinese restaurant that I can think of off hand.
I ordered my favorite item, orange chicken, and would have to say it's far superior to Panda Express' and my previously reviewed China Red's.
China Red gives much bigger portions, and although I left China Jade with no leftovers, I did leave feeling full, and completely satisfied.
They throw in an egg roll and a fortune cookie, which is pretty standard, and I have no complaints with those items either.

They deliver all over Tempe awesome Chinese!
Had General Tso's, pork fried rice, lo mein, and a big order of BBQ ribs!
Tasty and plentiful.
Far, far better than Hunan.

Ordered orange soda got a fiesta ?
Was warm and gross.. Chicken was cheap the pnly good part of the meal was soup.
I'll try another place next time...

Went here for the first time and was pretty disappointed after reading such great reviews.
The egg drop soup was so thick I couldn't eat it.
Very gelatin looking.
I had the orange chicken as directed by reviews and it was OK. Not wonderful but not bad.
Left much of my Chinese craving unsatisfied.

We ordered delivery.
It got to us within the time quoted, but they did not send our fried rice.
The food was mediocre.
We ordered teriyaki chicken, chicken lo mien, egg rolls, and a spicy beef dish.
The beef and noodles were good.
The meat was dry though.
A bit pricy for the quality of product.

Yuck!
This place must stay open because people are too drunk or lazy to drive.
I got the General Tsos chicken and it was fried to a crisp.
So much that I could hardly tell if if was chicken.
Kinda like chewing rubber.
I'll never order from here again.

I don't know what it is about Asian resturants and Arizona but they are over rated.
Coming from DC, we enjoy out flavor.
I got the orange flavored bean curd and the tofu was soft and soggy.
The flavor was lacking and bland.
Service was mediocre, was not given napkins or utensils for my to go order.
Had to go back in for them.
They also had their young daughter running through the back of the store when she should have been properly taken care of at home.

This place is literally just down the road from me.
I can order online too, which is really beneficial for someone who has some issues calling others on the phone.
Tonight I ordered Hot & Sour soup, spring rolls, and shrimp with vegetables.
I asked them to sub in some garlic sauce too.
My boyfriend ordered the wonton soup and chicken mein fun.
To start, the Hot & Sour soup was exactly that - hot and sour.
It was a little less sour than I expected and a lot more hot, but it was still very good, in my opinion!
I ate almost all of the soup before I remembered I had other things to eat.
My boyfriend didn't say much about the wonton soup, but the wontons were gone - so I'm guessing it was good!
The spring rolls were deep fried, which is something I'm not used to.
They were greasy and soggy - I'm not a fan at all.
I won't order the spring rolls again.
Luckily....
The shrimp and veggies were delicious.
I absolutely loved the portion size too - the small is just the perfect amount of food.
The veggies are a little on the crunchy side, which is amazing for me, but might be an issue for someone else who likes softer veggies.
There was broccoli, carrots, mushrooms, bok choy, snow peas, celery and zucchini.
The garlic sauce is spicy but not overwhelmingly so, and full of flavor.
I could live off this stuff.
The chicken mein fun was very good, too, but my boyfriend added soy sauce.
Then again, he would put soy sauce on a shoe and eat it.
Either way, he did taste it first and he did like it!
Overall, this was a great meal, although I definitely won't order those spring rolls again.
The delivery was also very fast and everything arrived at a great eating temperature - not too hot or cold.
I recommend these guys, at least based on what I ordered!

its pretty good food tastes very fresh and fast delivery with easy online ordering its a good price and i have leftovers

I ordered $95 worth of food for my whole office.
The food was delivered hot about 35 minutes later.
All of the food was delicious and very good quality.
I had no complaints what so ever.
Everyone in the office loved the food.
If you eat here I think it will definitely be worth your time.

After reading mostly good reviews my GF and decided we'd give it a shot.
We ordered the kung pow beef, hot and sour soup, shrimp fried rice, crab wantons and orange chicken.
The beef was good...
The hot and sour soup wasn't even edible... Shrimp fried rice was decent at best... Crab wontons were pretty good...
The orange chicken was dry and pretty nasty...
I wouldn't recommend this place.
I will say however that the delivery was timely and the delivery guy was cheerful!

Every time I order from here I forget that it's not that great.
I just hate Panda Express so I resort to this place.
It's kind of gross inside and the staff is boring.
The menu is very plain.
I got tofu... it was soggy, of course.
I have to dump soy sauce on the fried rice to get any flavor out of it.
The food is severely lacking flavor and their pricing is a little ridiculous.
Oh, and they don't have enough details on the menu and given that the cashiers don't speak much English, it's near impossible to know exactly what you're ordering.
I'd skip this joint.

