This is the best shop I've been to in Vegas.
Extremely friendly and fun atmosphere.
They get the work done quick and the prices are great.
I recommend this shop to everyone.
They even have a arcade lounge with billiard tables and a flat screen

Took my car in for an oil change and was very impressed with the staff.
They didn't try to up-sell me a thousand things I do not need and I was in and out quickly.
I was even able to get some work done while I waited since they have free WiFi.

Awesome customer service.
I had no idea how bad my tires where when I brought them my car for an oil change.
They showed me.
I have taken my car to many other places in the past and not one place told me about my alignment and tires.
I feel that they not only care about customer satisfaction but also my well being.
Thanks guys.
You rock see you in 3 months!!!!!
They also gave me a price quote on my front bumper.
cheapest quote I have seen so far!!!!!!

Best shop ever!
Amazing customer service!
They took a look at my car and gave me the most affordable solution in fixing my problem.
Very helpful and honest.
They also have an awesome arcade to play in while you wait for your car!

Awesome service!
Took our car in for an oil change and staff was wonderful didn't try to up sell and were very honest and we felt like we finally found a place we can trust!
Which is a huge factor when getting work done on your car.
We played in arcade while they were working on our car and had so much fun.. Will definitely recommend to family and friends!

First visit with car.
Had oil change done.
They did the normal checking of all fluids with suggestion of additional service.
I declined and no additional push to get the extra work done.
I like that.
Not too long of wait to complete oil change.
Price was OK.
I am willing to pay as long as the work is done well.
I am going to use them again.
I hope this is a repair place that I can return to and trust.

Second time to Rebel Automotive, had oil change and transmission fluid change.
Super fast.
Took my daughter and we played in the arcade, she had a blast.

Went here for the first time today.
Someone posted on FB about free oil change for new costumers and after I read the reviews I thought I would check it out.
The service was great and they have a bunch of video games to play while you wait.
They are set to free play which makes it even sweeter.
They took about 45 minutes; I didn't even realize that because I was too busy playing the games and the time flew by.
Overall my experience was good and they went over some check engine issues that I might have.
Never once were they pushy like other places where I've gone to for oil changes.
I will definitely go back.

It's rare to find a good mechanic.
Even rarer to find a GREAT mechanic.
Rebel Automotive was that great mechanic.
Great repair, great price and while you wait, an UPSTAIRS ARCADE.
Would argue not just best of Vegas, best in nation.
An affirmation that sometimes the saying "too good to be true" is NOT valid.
The price they quote?
The price you get.
The reasons for the repair?
Explained in very understandable detail.
The customer service?
Not just some of the best I've seen for a mechanic, the best I've seen period - and I'm n customer service.
The repair itself?
Perfect.
The speed of the repair?
Put it this way.
I was about to take the day off work until just two hours later for what seemed like a long repair, the words "it's done" were heard.
And when we needed to be clear across town during the repair, they were more than happy to drive us there.
And did I mention the arcade room while you wait?
Seriously, they have a Track and Field machine to button smash with among tons of others that rivals the Barcade, Insert Coins or Chuck E Cheese ... not to mention free wi-fi so you can get - egad - actual work done.
Yelp describes the five-star review as being "as good as it gets.
" The description is correct here.

Awesome Services!
Fast, Informative, didn't try to upsell you on anything, Informed me of what I should get done before the Summer Month arrive and the best of all.... they have an ARCADE!!!
Time flies for sure:) Very affordable as well.
I will be going to them for my car needs from now on :) -Shannon

They honored a groupon for an oil change that expired the day before.
Fast and friendly service.
Arcade upstairs to pass time or several restaurant with walking distance.
Will try again as a machanic, not just oil changes.

Went there to have my brakes checked, (knew there was a problem).
They quickly found what it was.
Had to leave car overnite, they gave me a ride home and picked me up in the morning.
Awesome place, service writer Lee ( I hope I got the name correct) was very knowledgeable and easy to work with.
Price was acceptable.
Having an arcade upstairs to kill time is great also.
They have a customer for along time.

This is a loooong overdue review!
Sorry Rebel!
I took my car to the ford dealership to get my check engine light diagnosed.
3 or more hours later they want me to buy a new radiator, serp belt and a couple of other small things for 2,000 without labor.
Out the door I went.
(review to come on Ford) I asked around on FB if anyone knew a great mom and pop mechanic and I was lead to Rebel.
I was greeted right away when I walked in.
I told the tech what the dealership told me was wrong and asked for an estimate of what the charges would be.
While I waited for my estimate we went upstairs and played some FREE arcade games!
They are a bit old, and some don't work but it was a fun way to pass the time.
The tech came and found us and gave me an estimate which i agreed on.
I left my car with them for the work to be done for pickup later.
They were done before the time they told me, and my car runs excellent!!!!!
Thumbs waaaaaay up Rebel Automotive!
I will be back in the future for any other work my car needs!
I am a beyond satisfied customer!!!!
If I could give more stars I would!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-------SUPPORT SMALL BUSINESSES!!!!!!!!
!-------

Nothing but good things to say.
Honest mechanics are hard to find and Las Vegas can be shady.
They are top notch.
Would trust them with all my vehicle repairs.
the free arcade while you wait is pretty nice too.

Rebel Auto is by far the best auto service shop in Henderson and Las Vegas!
I've had my car serviced there probably a dozen times.
Their prices are great, they have a free arcade to play in while you wait, and the customer service is amazing.
I've recommended them to everyone I know, and will take every car I own to them, for as long as they are around.
Thank you Lee and Rebel auto for being so helpful every time!

I highly recommend this place!
I dropped my car off for an oil change before class and it was waiting out front for me when I was done.
They suggested future services I might want to consider, but they weren't pushy about it at all.
He just stated they marked the items on my receipt if I want to review them.
This was very refreshing, as I've dealt with some pushy mechanics in the past who I felt were just scaring me into things I didn't really need done just because I was a girl who knew nothing about cars.
I'll definitely be back for future oil changes and other services.

Rebel is 5 star+.
Lee and Andrew, were awesome in explaining what was going on with the 14 year old Audi, I brought in.
As it turned out, only a fuse needed to be replaced.
The cost was half of what I thought I was going to pay.
They shuttled me to the car rental office, as I had to rent a car, durning the service.
This is the best auto service experience that I've had in my 10 years in the area.

I took my 05 GMC Yukon in to get a transmission and rear diff serviced.
I also told them I needed my front brakes done.
Andrew called me to let me know my truck was ready for pickup and they only needed to service the rear diff.
He explained that my transmission and brakes were in good shape and there was no need to waste money to service them at this time.
Rebel is extremely honest with affordable pricing.

Once again, amazing service!
Lee and the guys are always so friendly and welcoming there and they take the time to explain what needs to be done.
I went in for a smog check and see why my check engine light was on so i can get my registration renewed.
They were able to diagnose, order and fix everything in less than 2 days while keeping me updated on the process.
It also came out much less than I expected :) I will refer them to anyone!
Thanks again Rebel!

Just got basic oil change but everyone there was very nice and friendly.
I plan to return in the future.
The game room was fun too.

Being fairly new to the Vegas area, I was skeptical about auto shops in the area as most look really shady.
Also, being a female - we tend to get ripped off (or so they try to).
But growing up in the garage working on cars with my Dad - I know when I'm getting ripped off.
I found Rebel Automotive on Yelp - my trusted source.
I called for a simple oil change on my 2012 Lexus IS.
Got me in that same afternoon.
Andrew and Lee showed me to the waiting area upstairs - AMAZING!
It is a full on arcade with a separate room if you want to watch TV.
Best part was - I didn't need to pay for any games - they're all free!
I was in and out quickly.
Great experience, so I then took in my 2002 Ford F150 Harley Davidson - both used Groupons - but Lee said he would price match in the future.
They were also very helpful when I got the Lexus tires rotated.
Lee even took me on a road test to show me that there were no alignment issues.
Very informative, very friendly, efficient, and not at all pushy.
I felt comfortable the entire time, they never tried to upsell me.
Honest people running the show.
I am glad I found them!

Extremely courteous & professional staff, super clean facilities, & an entire FREE arcade to keep my 3 kids busy while my car was being worked on.
Very competitive prices as well.
I highly recommend these guys!

Rebel Auto has gives customer service, plain and simple.
Whether your car is in for an oil change or repairs, they like to keep you in the loop with what is going on.
I have experienced a nightmare when my AC went out (in Vegas AC is everything), with a dealership that shall remain nameless.
They had me driving back in forth from home, work, and the dealership during summer just to tell me my parts never arrived.
After my 3rd trip to their shop, they finally had it in.
I wish the communication would have been up to par as having issues with your vehicle can be very stressful, not to mention,at times, costly.
Another local place wanted to charge me for 98 pounds of freon...which is seriously ridiculous.
Rebel Auto gives you the sense of assurance that most places do not.
They tell you upfront when it comes to cost and won't try to up-sell you on the unnecessary things.
I've had my car serviced by Rebel Auto twice, once for an oil change and the second for a thermostat and coolant issue I was having.
The best thing is that they will also follow up with you after a service was performed, I do appreciate that they take that extra step to ensure that they are truly taking care of their customers.
Also, I haven't yet had a chance to check out the arcade but I keep hearing great things and will definitely be in again for my next oil change.
Thank you Rebel Automotive!

Love love love this place!
Honest mechanics honest owners.
I feel like family every time I come here to get my car serviced.
The mechanics communicate clearly to you about your car so that you feel at ease and understand what's going on.
I recommend everyone I know to them.

Really clean, friendly place.
The prices are very fair and they don't try to jerk you around with up sells.
On this particular day there was a misunderstanding with my oil filter.
It ended up taking an extended amount of time, but they apologized by comping the service!
Nowhere else would ever do that.
Certainly would recommend for all of your car service needs.

Already excited for my next oil change!
I was in and out in less than an hour and the fact that they have a full (and free!
) arcade really made the time go by quick.
Aside from this awesome perk, the service was really incredible.
There was some discrepency as to what type of oil my car needed, instead of simply charging me for the more expensive option they called the dealer to inquire as to what my car ACTUALLY needed.
Never have I had an auto shop take the time and really put my interests first.
They were friendly, honest, and really gained my trust.
I am so pleased with their service, I will definitely be back for any maintenance my car may need.

I brought in a radiator reservoir and asked Rebel Auto to swap it out with the one in my car.
They drove me 20 minutes across town so that I could go to work and then came and picked me up at the end of the day.
At that point everything was fixed on my car and it was ready to go!

Rebel Auto is by far the best automotive repair establishment that I have ever gone to in my life.
Everything from the Service, care, honesty, and comfort.
Im extremely weary of automotive repair places in Vegas trying to take advantage of customers.
This place gives you hope that there is actually business that want to treat their customers fairly and care about their safety.
Since I started going to Rebel for my routine oil changes and services....I refuse to go anywhere else.

I brought my car here based on the very positive reviews.
While they are very friendly and honest, the service was way overpriced.
I came here for simple cleaning for my system, and it cost about $100 extra in comparison to what other shops charge for the exact service.
After the cleaning was done, they didn't test whether my system was working correctly or not and said that they only did the cleaning.
For the price, I expected at least a test.
I needed an additional service for my car, but I won't do it in this shop because it's overpriced.
Other than that, they're friendly and have a nice arcade waiting area.

Awesome service

This place is the only place I'll ever get my oil changed from now on.
The staff is so friendly and accommodating.
When I walked in, they said that their appointments were full, but they still took me in.
They said it would take about an hour and a half, but that they have an arcade (FREE TO PLAY) to entertain me while I waited.
The arcade is amazing!
A bunch of old arcade machines, as well as some skee-ball type games and an area with a TV and couch.
The oil change was faster than they suggested and the price was reasonable.
They didn't try to upsell me on anything which I really appreciate.
Definitely coming back again.

Great auto shop!
My kids loved playing in the free arcade and I loved the honest and quick service.
I highly recommend this place.

Last week I brought in my Ford F150 truck in because we noticed a very small leak under the truck.
Due to the minimal leak, they suggested an under-carriage wash and put in a fluorescent dye to help locate the source.
They asked me to come back a few days later to fix.
Today, I brought it back in.
The source seems to be slightly over-filled transmission fluid which is escaping from an upper "vent"  - only occurring because of the recent hot weather.
They will check it again when I bring the truck in for an oil change in about a month.
(They recommended to leave the transmission fluid level as is because there is no easy/inexpensive way to remove a little.
It would require "dropping the pan" which would waste a lot of transmission fluid.
)   Many repair places would have tried to push an expensive (and apparently unnecessary) fix.
They did not.
I'm very impressed.

