Opened 24 hours - had breakfast here before heading back to the airport.
Good breakfast food and nice service.

Good food, mediocre coffee (I don't understand the name) and really bad /slow service

I went here thinking this was the Pho Restaurant.
The website is a little misleading.
It wasn't until after I ordered that I realized it was directly next door.
The hostess did not point me in the right direction.
Oh well, my loss.
This is just your average coffee shop with average food.
I had 4 people in my group.
We ordered: The rustic grilled cheese, 2 Clubs and french toast.
All of it was good, nothing special.
The service was good and fast.
I would return if I was in the hotel and needed a fast breakfast.

$7 for a large orange juice.
Ummmm...what?
That being said, pancakes, bacon and hashbrowns were pretty good, so we'd probably go here again.

Pretty good service & food - ate here twice while we stayed at TI.
The entrance has two different lines, one for VIPs and the other for the lowly sucky people...like me and the BF!
It's hard to tell which line is which, but don't worry.
Someone may scoldingly ask you if you're VIP and when you say "no.
" They'll make you stand in the other line - even if you're the only one up there.
It didn't happen to us, but my BF and I were sitting right by the entrance area and I saw it happen.
Anyway, we ate here twice, during our stay.
The first time, was on our first day - I had the Lox and Bagel, which was very good - the smoked salmon was cut pretty thick and there was more than enough cream cheese for my bagel.
My BF had some sort of fritata thing that was pretty good.
Our second meal here was a shared clubhouse sandwich which was very much needed after a night at PURE.
It was good, or we were drunk - but we ate it up!
We also ordered room service twice, which is where the food comes from.
We had to get room service, after arriving back from our overnighter to Disneyland and the lines for both the Coffee Shop and the buffet were crazy long.
BF got the Prime Rib (whaaaaaat?!
) and I got a Veggie Burger, mainly because it had avocado on it!
The food came in about 30 mins (which we were told it would be that long), the man that delivered the food, was very nice - setting up the table and what not.
Our food was good - the prime rib was huge!
So was my Veggie Burger - it was good though!
The other time room serviced was used, was after a night at LAX.
I didn't want anything to eat and passed out while the food was being delivered.
The burger my BF ordered was supposedly good, but there was a lot left over when I woke the next morning!
Haha...

On the pricey side for your standard cafe.
We ordered coffee, which came on a huge pot left on our table to refill on our own.
The "Columbian" blend was on the watery and light side.
So I was practically drinking hot brown water with cream.
The mushroom omelette was good.
It comes with hash browns and toast.
The hash browns are on the dry side, which is a good thing because its less greasy.
The short stack pancakes tasted too battery so I returned them.
Service was okay, and overall I'd say, it's a good place to eat at least once if you're staying at TI.
Otherwise, don't bother.

We come here every year when we visit Vegas for our anniversary just so my husband can get the corned beef hash for breakfast.
Now I know why!
Gave it a try this year and it is fantastic!
Service is a bit slow which is why we give it 4 stars instead of 5.

My cousin and I just wanted to grab a quick breakfast before we headed back to LA.
We ordered their 3 stack pancakes with strawberries.
It was good, and how I would expect it to taste.
There was not anything that special about it, but it was still enjoyable.
The only frustrating thing was that when we asked for to-go utensils they advised us that they only had spoons and knifes, no forks.
0_o.... fail.
Butttttttt, its ok, we made do and it was fine.
ENJOY!

This coffee shop doubles as a Vietnamese restaurant.
It is absolutely disgusting.
Do not go.

Came here to eat pho before we head to the airport because it was across our hotel.
$12 for pho is pretty expensive to me but it was decent.
My friend ordered a burger and the thin cut fries were delicious!
The service is good and it didn't take too long to get our food.

Pros - Open late night, good service  Cons - Terrible tasting food!

Getting off the plane (very early in the morning), I wanted a cup of coffee and some breakfast.
In the lobby of the hotel we stayed in (Treasure Island), the wife and I decided this would be our best bet to start off our honeymoon together.
This is where things go bad.
The service was not as good as we expected for an eatery in Vegas.
The server was a little impolite as he gave us our menus.
The waitress came and gave us so-so service.
She was not nice when I asked her questions about the menu.
She didn't want to help me make a decision.
Instead, she seemed annoyed of my questions.
If I had paid the bill, there would be little to zero tip.
The food was not bad, but it was not as spectacular as posted in front of the cafe and in some yelp reviews.
It was a little more expensive than I expected for the food they served us.
My omelet was pretty good.
The size was worth the price, but I expected a bit more.
It being a Vegas restaurant, but maybe, I had expected too much.
That was probably more my fault; if anything.
However, my wife's waffles were not good at all.
This dish was definitely not worth the price.
Too dry and I believe my wife complained about the overly sweetness of the food.
The coffee SHOULD be better.
If coffee is in the title, the customer would probably think that the coffee is superb.
However, the coffee was not as good as the stuff I make at home.
Sure, I have both 100% Kona, Ka`u, and darker Italian roasts at home to spoil my tastebuds.
However, I expected a good cup of joe to start off my honeymoon with a soothing bang, but the old grinds the coffee tasted was from, ruined that morning until we went out for dinner later on that night.
Las Vegas restaurants should be more up to par.
However, some places I will never patronize again due to these bad experiences which I have encountered during this trip.
Cheers to you all yelpers.
Have a good one!

After seeing the horrendously expensive restaurants at Mandalay Bay, we came here to have an affordable dinner.
Not only was it adorable, but the quality of the food was very good.
There was a wide selection of Vietnamese pho, staple foods, and rice plates in terms of the Pho side.
For the American side of food, hamburgers, taco salad, and breakfast foods dominated the menu and from the look of other tables in the restaurant, people were enjoying everything.
The service was fast, friendly, and efficient.
If you're looking for a good value and a good selection, I highly recommend this place!

My family had breakfast and pho for lunch.
We really like the service and food.
Love the American breakfast and Vietnamese pho in one place.
They both very tasty and very original.
I'm sure I'll be here again.

Eh it's ok, I was hungry needed coffee....it did the job.
Hollandaise sauce tasted a bit off, pancakes were good though but I wouldn't come back, Denny's food is probably better.

I love the dynamic of this place.
Have Had Breakfast and Lunch at this Place for the Past Several Days.
Excellent Food, Service, Location, Value, the Works.
A Great, Happy, Pleasant, No Nonsense, Real Atmosphere.
All the Locals Go Here, So it Must Be Great and It is.
If You want to Avoid High Cost, Expensive, Crowded Places for Breakfast or Lunch, Try this Place.
Also Open 24/7, so if You have Late Nite Munchies or a Craving for Pancakes, Eggs, Omelets, Oatmeal, Sandwiches, etc., this is the Place to Go.
I am Very Glad to Have Found this Place and Will Always Come Here when the Situation and TIme Allow.
You mostly come here for the atmosphere.
The food is above average diner food - fresh and plentiful.
For those watching calories, the half soup, salad and half sandwich is a good bet.
Otherwise, you can gorge on breakfast combos served late into the day to good old fashion steak and potatoes.
The wait staff is cheerful at all hours of the day.
It's a fun place to hang out and people watch gamble.

Breakfast 24/7 is great.
I love the French Toast and coffee.
Service is always gracious.

This was a weird place.
Located in the Treasure Island Casino they served just regular coffee, dessert and Vietnamese food.
I get a little miffed when a place that just serves regular coffee calls themselves a coffee shop.
One our first night in Vegas we came here for dessert but we were seated at a food table anyway.
I had the chocolate ice box cake and hubby had the ice cream Sundae.
He didn't the Sundae, the cake was good but too much chocolate.
I think it was pretty overpriced too but a lot of Vegas is overpriced.

Overall this place hardly deserves one star.
The late night menu choice was terrible.
Service was terrible.
In one of our orders (club turkey sandwich) had a BUG crawling in her plate.
The manager was very nonchalant about a bug moving on the plate.
I would never come back nor would I recommend this place to anyone visiting in Vegas, especially speaking that there is plenty of places near by that has exceptional service.

I usually don't write bad reviews, but I was very disappointed with the food and service here!
My husband and I came here last night (Monday) around 8:00 before going to see Mystere.
I ordered the classic hamburger with cheese (for $16) and their $5 special margarita.
The burger was VERY bland!
It was under seasoned and overcooked.
The margarita was ok.
It was worth $5.
My husband said his Philly cheese steak sandwich was good, but he ordered a coke which he never received until after he got his food because the waitress forgot.
After we got our food the waitress never came back to the table and my husband needed a refill on his coke.
We had both finished our food before she came back to the table and my husband had to ask for the refill and for the check.
She never apologized for not refilling his coke sooner, just acted flustered when my husband asked for it.
Btw, this was not a busy Monday night.
When she came back, she refilled his coke and put the check on the table.
And the coke was flat.
Like it literally tasted like watered down syrup.
I thought for sure she would have taken the coke off the bill, but she didn't.
AND the coke was $3.75!!!
I feel like we would have had better food and service for a cheaper price at Denny's!
I guess we should have said something, but I hate complaining when I just want to have an enjoyable time.
I understand that we ate at one of the "cheaper" places in Treasure Island, but for a $16 burger I felt like it should have tasted better than what you would get at a hospital cafeteria.
And for a coke that cost $3.75, it should have been refilled when we still had our food, and not flat!
And for a $45 overall bill, the waitress should have at least been friendly.
We didn't tip and I ALWAYS tip even if the experience isn't that great, as long as the servers are nice and food is ok.
I would have tipped if the coke had been taken off the bill.
Also, as we were walking away from the table we saw the bus boy counting out the money we left right there at the table in front of all the other guests!
Like taking it out and counting it out on the table!
Seriously?
Not what I expected from a restaurant in Treasure Island.
They need to step it up!

service was rude , the food Is not good .
i do not recommend this place.
dEbbie the waitress was not nice at all.
very dry attitude.

Kind of like a more expensive chain breakfast/lunch location, I wasn't too impressed with this Vegas cuisine.
Also random that they served a separate set of Vietnamese food if you don't feel like eating American.
Average price seemed to be around the 15$ range, which was way more than it should have been.
I split one of the omelets, and it was served with toast and a heaping of hash browns.
Hash browns were alright, not that crispy, a bit mushy.
Omelet was okay, but I wasn't that excited about it.
Service felt a little odd, our server's sarcasm or the way she jokes threw me off a little bit.
But at least we kept ourselves entertained by playing Keno!

That was the worst serving i got for my vegas trip.ive  been waiting to make a order for 15mins.
ive been called waitress for 3 times.
Her name is  Cristina.a oldder phillinos lady.she just busy with filling chopsticks n spoons on the table .i called her 4th time...finally she came...n 1st she said :u can not wait?
i said im sorry i cant wait any more cuz ive been waiting for 15mins already .she got really bad attitude.

Open late, but obviously they have to because this is Vegas.
They have lots of types of food, from American sandwiches to Vietnamese pho.
I feel like they are just trying to cater to lots of different demographics but aren't perfecting any specific type of food.
Our pho came with withered basil leaves... :( no bueno.
The wait for our food was super long, about 20 minutes for only 4 dishes and hardly anyone else in the restaurant.
Contrary to the name, this is not a coffee shop.

