Mountain Gate/Trails is awesome!!
I really enjoyed living there and the only reason I'm not still there is because I bought a house.
Regarding the name, apparently, there are two sides to the complex.
The Gate side & the Trails side.
Ask the complex the difference, I couldn't see one.
So to the basics....they have a beautiful property that IS dog friendly.
Two fitness centers, two pool complexes that include cabanas and BBQs, TWO business centers with complimentary FAX & internet use.
There is a lovely little trail just behind the property great for walking the pups and meeting peeps & dog-poo bags all through the property.
Although there is not a gated or patch of grass designated for animals, so as long as you're cool with going for a walk on a pretty trail, then you'll enjoy this pet experience.
The staff was always incredibly friendly!!!
The maintenance crew was great too!!
They have an online maintenance submission where if you have issues or need assistance with something in your apartment you can submit a request online and they get back to you promptly.
Paying rent is a breeze too, with their online payment system.
Garages are optional and do come with an additional fee.
They're VERY small, one car.
So if you're a crappy driver, I don't suggest gettting one, you'll probably bang your car up just trying to get in.
All the apartments are fully equiptped with a stacked washer/dryer combo, GE appliances, walk-in closets and oversized garden tubs (not to be confused with jacuzzi tubs, there are no jets in these ones).
I NEVER once, no joke, heard my neighbors.
EXCEPT when someone was walking down the hall, that's it.
So no apartment noise.
They also give you the option to choose from several paint colors, for an additional fee of course.
They're newer and very nice, HOWEVER, as I moved out, they were running a lot of new tenant specials and it appeared to be attracting interesting folks.
Which is not bad, but I did notice a lot more trash being left around.
Whatever, I'm oober picky.
But rent is negotiable, I weaseled my way into a much lower monthly rent.
So try it, don't be shy!
Do take a gander on their website to see the different floor plans, pictures and other amenities.
:)  Good luck!
It has my stamp of approval.

I'm only writing this review based off of one phone call.
Anyway, moving from Philly to Vegas I came across this place on my search.
Absolutely gorgeous, had good reviews on multiple sites, and exactly what I was looking for.
Then I called.
Spoke with Ian for about 5 seconds when he asked me if I could hold for a brief moment, I obliged.
21 minutes later I hung up and decided I would never live there.
If I'm a potential tenant and you put me on hold for that long, I wonder what it would be like living there.
Now another place I picked and signed a lease with for my $1100 a month, could of been you guys.
Blame Ian.
I only decided to write this review, for today has been about a month since I called and submitted for more info online, and today they actually called for the first time.
LOL.

