This is a great facility with a friendly staff.
I come here to see Dr. Schoenhaus currently and like her a lot.
She seems to be very caring and always addresses any concerns I have and will keep asking me if I have any other questions or concerns.
She doesn't just come in with the laptop and stare at it.
She sits down and has a real conversation with me.
I've also seen Dr. Edmond Pack here.
He's a great doctor too, the only reason I switched to Dr. Schoenhaus was because he has started to have a longer waiting time for scheduling and I had really needed an appointment.
The office itself is beautifully decorated with home decor.
You feel really comfortable sitting in their lobby to wait for your appointment.
Highly recommend!

The staff was stiff and uncaring.
The Doctor bedside manner was deplorable, her accent was so thick we could hardly understand her.
They insist on extra unnecessary test and told us if we did not want to do them we need to find a different Doctor.
The initial visit had a Ultrasound and because they used to travel one we need to go to there other office one week later because that where the full size Ultrasound.
So  instead of scheduling the appointment at the right office we have to pay twice.

Awful.
The doctors don't care about the patients.
It's one of the places where they try to do whatever they can to run up the bill.
Just got a call to come back in for test work, but after the extra nightmare they added to my miscarriage, I went out of town to a doctor I trust, who told me more blood tests are unnecessary.
Not to mention the woman who takes the blood is awful and doesn't know the difference between blood pressure and blood sugar.
WOW.
The waiting room is constantly packed, so wait time is over an hour.
Sat in an exam room for another hour on a Monday and had plenty of time to get to know a blood stained pillow in the room, which was still there that Thursday.
DIRTY!!
Dr H gave me a surprise Pap smear when I went in for an ultrasound.
Like didn't tell me til I jerked off the bed and said wtf are you doing!!?
Wriggled impatiently as I asked questions about pregnancy.
After the miscarriage I saw dr miller, who can't read an ultrasound monitor.
When she misdiagnosed a cervical pregnancy (for which she was going to prescribe a low dose of chemotherapy treatment) I blew up at her and she told me "life is not black and white" which is funny because the monitor is in black and white and should be simple for a physician to read.
Another doctor, Dr Turner then did a pelvic exam because of my melt down, realized their diagnosis was wrong, pulled the tissue out with forceps, then told me to LEAVE AND COME BACK for another ultrasound so they could charge me again.
I insisted on having one then and will never return to this disgusting nightmare of a practice, even though they are calling me about bloodwork.

I went to this clinic to follow Dr. Schoenhaus from her old clinic.
BIG MISTAKE and a big waste of time and money.
I guess when you're just going in for a quick pap smear and a breast exam, it doesn't matter how great the staff and doctors are.
Go in trying to plan a pregnancy with a history of infertility and expect to be ignored.
Completely and totally ignored after my appointment.
She scheduled me for an HSG that I ended up not completing.
I called her office and spent 30 min on the phone with the triage nurse explaining the situation and asking that the doctor advise me of next steps.
SHE NEVER CALLED BACK.
I waited close to 6 weeks and tried to follow up and got nothing.
I don't care how sweet she is or how good her bedside manner; if you can't call your patients back, you're don't deserve to treat patients.

I have been coming here for regular visits as well as for pregnancy.
I have had at least one visit with each doctor here.
Let me start by saying, if you are looking for a doctors office that you can call with questions, this is not the place for you.
This isn't a small practice with one or two doctors.
I have had a couple times where I wasn't sure if I could take a medicine or just had a general question and I was told to ask my doctor at my next visit.
While the office staff is not rude, this isn't very helpful when you have a cold that will probably be gone by the time your next visit comes around.
The doctors and the Quest Diagnostics staff that are here are all very nice.
If you come in for a pap smear or a standard pregnancy visit they will be in and out within a couple minutes.
If you have questions though, they will take the time to answer and discuss them.
Being a first time mom with a history of miscarriages I was full of questions.
My first couple of pregnancy visits were with Dr. Schoenhaus.
She stayed and listened to all of my concerns and then asked if I would like a referral to a high risk doctor.
At my next visit she went over my chart and had written notes about all of my previous questions and made sure I had gotten any answers I needed.
It is wonderful to have the Quest Diagnostic staff and an ultrasound tech on site because I do not have to go to a different location for blood work and ultrasounds.
The only problem I've had with the blood work is that they only call and inform you of bad results.
When I had my Gestational Diabetes test they never called me with the results.
They have always called me with results if action had to be taken (i.e.
a positive pregnancy test or a positive test for a genetic disorder), but sometimes you just want to know the results for sure instead of assuming or guessing until your next visit.
Overall I would recommend Essential Women's to most people I know, but as I said in the beginning this isn't a small practice.
If your looking for a place where everyone in the office remembers your name you should consider a smaller practice.

NEVER coming here again!
I saw dr.H, he is extremely arrogant and unhelpful.
He made me feel like my questions were stupid and a waste of his time.
I waited an hour to see him and he spent 5 minutes with me and then rushed out the door.

This is a very short version of my son & my story.
Let me start off by saying I was 36 weeks pregnant.
May 13th 10am: My husband and I had an appointment to get an ultra sound just to see how big our son was.
After the ultra sound we were scheduled at 11am to meet with  Dr.
Pack for my weekly check and so we could get the results of the ultra sound.
When we arrived at the office at 9:45am we were greeted by Dr.Pack's nurse, she stated that because Dr.
Pack had no patients at the moment they were going to bring me back before my ultra sound so they could get me in.
I said that was fine but the whole point of having the appointment schedule for after the ultra sound was to be able to go over the ultra sound results.
She said she couldn't guarantee that he would be able to see me after the ultra sound even though my appointment was schedule for after the ultra sound.
While she was taking my vitals she had asked if I was experiencing anything new I wanted to discuss with the doctor.
I had stated that the last couple of days I had noticed that I wasn't feeling my son Lennon move around as much.
She responded with ok and continued typing in her laptop.
Once we were moved into a room Dr.
Pack came in within minutes.
As soon as he came in he asked how I was doing?
I stated the same thing to him that I had been noticing that Lennon wasn't moving as much as normal.
(Lennon had been a huge mover through out my pregnancy up until then)  Dr.
Pack proceeded to listen to his heartbeat for a quick 10 seconds and said he sounds good.
Then said, "Well that's normal, he's probably just moving into your birth canal.
" And that was that, didn't ask any further questions about our concern.
After the first meeting with him we were greeted by the ultra sound technician.
While walking us back to her room she asked how we were doing and how the baby was?
I had stated that I was doing pretty good that I was tired from having such a busy weekend and I shared with her the same concern that I hadn't been feeling Lennon move around as much.
Her reply to this was that "He's probably just tired from your busy weekend.
"  During the ultra sound I asked if Lennon and everything looked ok?
She said yes everything looked good and said my placenta-looked good.
After the ultra sound she said let me get you put in a room so you can meet with Dr.
Pack again.
While walking to a room Dr.
Pack saw us in the hallway and stopped to look at the ultra sound report in the hallway.
He glanced at it and said "everything looks normal we will see you next week for your next appointment.
"  My husband and I thought all right well everything must be all right then, they would know they are the professionals.
Later that day I was in full blown labor.
Went to St Rose San Martin and had to have an emergency c section due to my son not being responsive.
Our son had lost a lot of blood and was severely anemic.
He had to have 3 blood transfusions.
Stayed in the NICU for two weeks.
Turned out my son had been losing blood inside of me and I was stealing his blood.
I had a hole in my umbilical cord, my placenta was huge and I had a lot of extra fluid.
Not only was I lucky to be alive but my son as well.
We had found out that Lennon had been bleeding out inside of me.
I was basically stealing his blood that he was losing.
After doing pathology on my stuff turns out I had a hole in my umbilical cord, my placenta was huge and I had a lot of fluid.
So we were beyond lucky that Lennon is in our lives, because of how much blood he had lost he could've died.
We were told that Lennon had possibly been losing blood for at least a week with how anemic he was.
My husband and I were very upset with Dr.
Pack's decision to not do a stress test in office or to send us to the hospital just to yield on the side of caution.
I could've not only lost my life BUT also my sons life.
The horrible thing is I had never been pregnant so I was unsure what was right or wrong feeling.
Now my biggest tip is if you ever question anything during your pregnancy GO TO THE HOSPITAL.
I would never recommend Dr.
Pack as a doctor.
He made a horrible decision that day.
A decision not to be cautious and take what we were telling him seriously.
Today I am happy to say our son is wonderful.
He's a month old, has no issues from how he came into the world and is just the biggest blessing ever.
I hope this review helps whom ever reads our story.

