We were driving back from our camping trip and the back wheel blew out.
I feel that this company rented us a bad vehicle.
The man who showed up to change our tire didn't even have a tire pressure tool to test the rest of the tires!
This RV endangered our lives.
We could have rolled.
If it had been an hour earlier, we would have been driving down a mountain.
This endangered our family and children.
I would not recommended renting an RV at all.
The shade pull-out did not work, and the sink handle fell off when I was cleaning dishes.
The DVD was also broken.
I took photos of the blown out tire.
There was no tread on it.
It was a worn tire and said "Made in China".
It was a Kenda Radial Klever with Max load S 2680 pounds and Max load D 2470 pounds.
The man that the RV co. sent out took about 90 minutes and sent us on our way without checking the pressure of the other tires.
This is negligent.
I was so scared for my family.
I prayed and I thank the Lord we are safe.

El Monte used to be amazing and I'm giving them a five star rating because they still have the best inventory.
You can't find a Class A vehicle at their competitors.
This being said, service used to be stellar and has gone downhill in recent years.
Still, it remains the best in comparison to the alternatives and you will save quite a bit as opposed to purchasing your own and having to maintain it.

My family and I stopped after seeing an advertisement posting on craigslist, The ad was well written and very informative.
We were playing in a motorhome for about five minutes when we were greeted  by the sales guy Rich.
He was polite and he involved the kids not just us about what they liked and offered great advice for camping in the surrounding states and told us a funny story about camping at enterprise.
one of our favorite camping spots.
We're still in the market and think we'll return to El Monte in the near future.
We ended up renting a motorhome that meets our needs to see if it's want we want now.
The counter rental agent was excited for our vaca and gave the kids a el monte backpack, a coloring book and crayons.
that really helped on the longer drive we took.
Great place, great staff very friendly and helpful

We scheduled our reservation 3 weeks ago.
My partner went to pick up the bus rv this morning and was told we would need to wait until 1230p, because they needed to clean and maintenance the vehicle.
When he got back, he was then infomed we will need to.wait longer, due to el monte needing to change all the tires.
At $350/day, not including fuel, the least the could do is have the vehicle ready.
We will lose a total of 24 hours due to their screw up.
They didnt even offer a proration of the daily rate.
Never again.

