We were REALLY excited to have a new sushi place in desert ridge!
The good...
The sushi was really good.
The bad, I felt the number of specialty rolls was limited, and at the price this place was more of a occasion place not a "let grab some sushi" kinda place.
I'll give happy hour a shot...

No complaints and we'll go back again for further exploration.
The kitchen menu is pretty interesting.
I like a sushi place that has other items that are easy to peruse and choose.
We had the salmon with sweet corn and loved it.
Eager to work our way through the other kitchen items.
The sushi was fine;  it didn't blow my mind but it was very good and honestly, it's nice to have a sushi place right in the middle of it all.
This is a very welcome and classy addition to Desert Ridge, right by the theater, (and good riddance to lame old San Felipes.

I am a sushi connoisseur and was very impressed with Nori Sushi.
Sushi was super fresh and delicious, even the rice was perfect.
Nori had some creative rolls as well.
Takana Trio Roll I tried had great blend of crisp flavors without it being over powered by rich sauce.
Great service and cool atmosphere.
Will definitely be back next time in the area.

Lots of tables with friendly service but it's weird to be asked if I've had sushi before or if I know it's bad luck to pour my own saki.
They have Kirin on tap and a selection of saki but there doesn't appear to be a happy hour.
They have unfiltered saki in various price ranges which I really like so I ordered one unfiltered and one filtered - I got two unfiltered and I wasn't really able to say much before the cap was popped.
Fortunately I like saki.
They have the standard rolls - caterpillar without the tentacles saddens me - but the menu is a touch too casual for me.
I like Mexican food as much as the next guy, but sushi with Doritos or salsa?
I tried them but they were a miss for me.
This location has been a tough sell and I'm not sure Nori will make it.

Visited the establishment yesterday.
Service and food quality exceeded my expectations.
Nori Sushi has a Happy Hour from 3-6 (correct me if I'm wrong) where you can get 1/2 price drinks.

Great new place would recommend Sushi Chefs awesome.
Lee is a cool dude.
Wish they had Sapporo light in small bottles but otherwise food awesome.
Bathrooms should also need to be redone.
It seems someone forgot

Amazing!!!
The food was great, service was great....
But the green tea waffle, now that was on a completely different level.
Can't wait to come back and I haven't left yet.

I have been here twice, both times they are out of chow fun.
Each time, the server says how great it is but I just missed it.
Now I am a bit upset, third time same story:  no chow fun.
It's not that I really love Chow Fun, but come on.
Sushi is very good.
Typical atmosphere for a mall, but pleasant.
Goyoza is okay, but eggrolls are better.
The short ribs are horrible, small amount, not rendered enough and (the cold kind of fat, not melty) as such the fat is more like gristle.
Still, it is best for area.
Prices are fair.
Service is average.
Will I go back, yes.
I should probably give this 4 stars because there is a lack of good sushi in the area, but I should stay true to the actual product.

I had an excellent lunch!
Emilie M. was on point and on top of her game!
The food and drinks were on our table quickly, even though she was busy with tables outside and in.
I watched the other servers and they were obviously trained well or carefully picked.
I love to eat and actually get Service!
I will recommend this place to everyone!
Great job Emilie!

Fabulous new Sushi Bar in Desert Ridge!
Oishi So!

Round of a huge applause goes to Nori today!
Wow.
Their sushi blew me away today, truly.
Excellent service (frequent water refills and check in's) goes a long way with me.
Elaborate, user-friendly menu and order sheet.
Love their interior design - their choice in chartreuse green and muted gray works very well.
Very clean and sleek.
Contemporary vibe.
Their sushi was very fresh and impressive.
This girl will definitely be back for more!

Nothing special.
Not amazing but not bad.
My girlfriend had a coupon that the manager did not want to accept because it was on her phone and not printed out.
Psh!
He did end up taking it after giving us a little grief.

The Tempura Lobster was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!
The cucumber Martini was good, did not taste like alcohol at all.
Chicken Tempura was good, the mashed potatoes were nice with it too but for me the highlight was the Lobster Tempura and cucumber salad.
I wish there was one closer to me.

My server was nice enoug but so soft-spoken that I couldn't understand her.
Also, my nigiri came out as sashimi.
It was corrected quickly enough and tasted amazing, however.
Overall, great sushi, but not the best service.

Love love this place!
Always walked by in when I was in Desert Ridge but never tried it.
Today I finally went here for a early dinner with my mom at around 4:30 and the place was not super crowded / busy at all so that was good because that meant not a long wait for food!
The server we got was super nice, recommended stuff since we had never been here before and always asked if we needed anything else, how the food was, and if we needed drink refills.
We sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chefs were very nice and actually talked to us unlike some other sushi chefs at other sushi restaurants.
We ordered 3 things.
We got the Spicy Tuna Roll, Crunchy Roll, and the Baked Lobster Tempura.
The Crunchy Roll came out first and it was to die for!
So good!
It came with a lot of pieces so it was a good sharing roll if you are going to share it with someone!
The next was the Baked Lobster Tempura and it was so good!
It had baked lobster on top which i don't like lobster so much so I just took it off the top and just ate the roll and it was just as good!
The spicy tuna came out last and it was pretty good!
There was definitely a lot of tuna in it which Made it very filling but still very good!
Everything was amazing, good prices, fast and friendly service!
Great location!
Definitely will come back here a lot more often!

Nice and friendly staff.
Sushi was fresh and tasty, not to mention it wasn't on a rotating hot conveyor belt!
Great happy hour prices!
I would go back here any day!

Don't waste your time or money on the happy hour sushi, very salty and bland.
However, the regular priced sushi rolls were awesome.
Unfortunately, we filled up on the discounted junk and couldn't eat the good stuff.

Very good.
Excellent service

I'm a huge fan of sushi, but prefer to eat sashimi instead of the rolls.
I ordered the lunch special sashimi plate and was very impressed.
There were three pieces each of yellowtail, tuna, and salmon that were all well over an ounce each and only for $10!
It's so rare to find a sashimi plate that is reasonably priced that doesn't leave you hungry after you finish.
I also ordered the calamari...it was a pretty small portion, but was paired with a pesto sauce that was to die for.
The only problem I had when eating here was the sake prices.
Normally, the sake and beer are combined into a sake bomb combo, but here you have to pay for each part separately!
$13 each sake bomb sounds a bit pricey to me.
I won't be ordering any sake bombs from there again but will definitely be back for the sashimi and that pesto sauce!

Excellent service and nice decor.
Unfortunately the sushi wasn't that great.
The rice on the rolls was dry (not very fresh perhaps?
), the taste of salmon roll and tuna roll were strangely too close to distinguish, the tuna sushi almost looked like it was colored.
The sushi fish taste was B grade at the best.
I am sorry guys your sushi quality needs improvement.

Excellent sushi!!!
About time we got a great sushi place.
We have been waiting for a place like this.

Cool music, kind staff, great value, unique style and good food all come together at Nori.
Dined with the family during happy hour a few times - menu is reasonably priced.
Sushi was good, service was great.
Surprisingly the most memorable item was the green tea creme bruele.
We will all be back for sure.

I went here last week with my manager for dinner and drinks.
The deco is pretty modern for an Asian restaurant and I liked it.
To start, we had edamame (free with Yelp check-in), pan seared scallops, and sake.
For our main course, we shared chicken yakisoba and the baked lobster roll, and I had a california roll, all very good.
To end, we shared the green tea waffle which was bomb.com.
Much smaller than I would have liked because I would have eaten 1,000.
The service was a little spotty and they were mopping/sweeping the floor in the sushi bar area which was a little distracting.
I'd probably return.

Best sushi I've had in awhile.
Amazing quality!
Highly recommend this place to any sushi lover.

A generous 6 oz portion of salmon in the $8 bento box.
It came with miso soup, was served over sauteed vegetables (zucchini/squash), rice, and 2 gyoza.
I've only been here once but I will definitely return.
I've got my eye on a $15 sushi roll and some fascinating dessert options like a green tea waffle.

Great food.
I was surprised at the quality and options.
Really liked some of their specialty rolls.
Baked lobster roll was one of our favorites.
We had 3 big guys with lots of drinks and it was under $200.

My boyfriend and I like to think of ourselves as "sushi connoisseurs", as we satisfy our raw fish cravings at least 2-3 times per week.
Nori has officially made our Top 3 of places to go when we need our fix.
It's beautiful, clean, and contemporary inside and the service at the sushi bar was excellent.
The Sakana Trio with the citrus boba is our absolute favorite.
Yum!
The Hamachi Fire and Poke Poki are amazing.
The Sake Sake wasn't our favorite, but we think that's because of the pickled jalapeño.
The salmon sashimi is really fresh-tasting and we love that it's served extra cold on ice.
Outside of sushi, the Grilled Prawn and Mango salad is a must.
It's harder for "non-kid friendly" places in Desert Ridge, but we're hopeful this place will stay around!

The beer was cold, the service and sashimi were great.
Got a free edamame for checking in with yelp.
Overall I'm glad I decided to go to Nori instead of Kona.
I'll be going back for sure.

This place is amazing.
The sushi is always so fresh, and the service is top notch.
Make sure to order the pickled wasabi for your sushi.
It's amazing!
Great place for date night!

Normally I wouldnt review a place till i have been there atleast twice or sampled enough on the menu to provide enough opinion.
But I wanted to get this one written because I know I will have enough material to update this review , since I will be back.
Tried this place on a Friday evening after a particularly disappointing movie at the AMC next door.
( the fried snacks at the theatre were the main culprit on why I didnt have an appetite left to do this place justice) .
I had the caterpillar roll and yakisoba noodles and both were delish.
The ambience and service was also very good.
Need to go back and sample more stuff.
Watch this space.

Honestly the first time I saw this new restaurant, hardly anyone was inside, I was hesitant to try it.
I'm so glad we did!
This place is less than a year old so they were just getting started.
In my opinion they have an excellent happy hour, drink menu and great sushi.
We usually get the chicken skewers, sushi, potstickers and Sangria.
Their lunch deals during the week are filling, fresh and a good deal.
They offer lunch combos such as a Teriyaki Chicken, miso soup, rice, potstickers and salad...for about $8.
The waitstaff has always been professional and sweet to us.
It is now part of our regular jaunts at Desert Ridge.
Check in deal: free edamame!

Can't believe a place this good sits smack dab in the middle of desert ridge.
Interesting rolls but it just goes down to the quality of the fish.
I plan to come here regularly.
Great owner and staff.
Fantastic sushi chefs.
What are you waiting for?
Get over here already!

Torn between giving them 2 or 3 stars.
Decided on 3 stars because they ultimately did the right thing.
However, we won't be back because we have a bigger issue with the value Nori offers.
My husband ordered Nabeyaki Udon(assorted seafood and vegetables/$15).
I had the Tempura Udon (shrimp and vegetable tempura/$14).
We also had a caterpillar roll which was okay, nothing special.
Our soups arrived in identical bowls with a tempura shrimp visible on top of each.
To their credit, they were piping hot.
As we dove into our meals, the discrepancy between the two became surprisingly apparent.
My tempura udon had the one shrimp on top and that was it!
There was a bunch of chopped peppers, onion and zucchini, but no vegetable tempura.
On the other hand, my husband was also fishing out mussels, clams, a scallop and calamari.
Assuming there had to have been a mistake made in the kitchen or the price difference between the dishes must be greater than we thought, we asked the waitress.
She answered it was $1.
To be sure, I asked if the tempura should have come with only ONE piece of shrimp and she confirmed it.
However, there was a discussion about the vegetable tempura that should have also been on top.
I said I hadn't seen it and was even surer that I didn't eat it.
In fact, the waitress said, "Now that you mention it, I don't recall seeing it either when we brought the dishes to the table.
"  My husband hadn't seen it either.
Discussions went back and forth between the waitress, manager and kitchen.
Here's where it gets a little weird.
The manager came by and asked if I was sure it wasn't in the dish.
He said they have a julienne of vegetables that is fried in the tempura in a kind of ball and placed on top of the soup with the shrimp.
"Was I sure it wasn't there and it disintegrated into the soup, because the kitchen said it was there?
"  Huh?
First of all, why would you julienne vegetables for tempura and if it can meld into the dish to the point that the customer can no longer discern what it is, you should rethink the dish.
Vegetable tempura aside, we told him how dismayed we were that for $1, the nabeyaki came with twice the ingredients.
His answer, "Yes, I know.
The problem is that we couldn't get away with charging $20 for the nabeyaki.
"  News flash, the problem is not current price of that dish.
Both dishes seemed over price.
Prices of tempura udon at other area restaurants:  SushiKo on Shea ... $8.95 (2 shrimp with a good portion of vegetable tempura) and $9.95 nabeyaki.
Sakana ... $8.99.
Toyama ....
They don't have udon, but their mixed tempura appetizer with 2 pieces of shrimp and 4 vegetables is $7.95.
I could go on, but you get the point.
The manager did take the tempura udon off the bill for the "missing vegetables" and our server was great, but we just see no way to justify the cost to make future visits.
It might also explain why at 7:00pm on Friday night, all the other restaurants in the Desert Ridge mall were packed and Nori was barely half full.

Been here twice so far and can say without a doubt it's the best sushi place in greater Phoenix area.
The staff are very nice and attentive and the sushi itself is very fresh and delicious.
There is a good mix of traditional sushi and more modern rolls, all taste wonderful.
It is pricey but worth every cent.
I plan on being a regular.

I've been to Nori twice and both times were impressed with the food and service.
I enjoy the bright, green decor, staff is super friendly and we were even presented with $5 cards for a return visit.
On one visit we had a couple specialty cocktails.
I believe one was a strawberry mojito and it was quite delicious and not skimpy on the alcohol.
I've had edemame (free with yelp check-in), philly rolls and shared another roll with a friend.
Everything was tasty and at the perfect temperature.
I will be back when I am in the area and have a sushi craving.

I had never been to Nori before and am not a sushi expert by any means, but I had just about the best meal and experience there ever!
Make sure you request Lindsey as your server.
She's very fun and knowledgable.
She helped my table and I pick out the best rolls and paired them with the best and most appropriate sake.
I will definitely be coming here again... And again...!
Never knew that a sushi joint at a mall could taste so great and leave such a lasting impression.

great place for sushi,  small  menu, but very fresh ingredients, after multiply visits never was disappointed in food or service

Great service and nice clean place!!
Will come back here again!
Give it a try you won't be disappointed.

We came here on a date night and our service was good enough, but the sushi was forgettable.
I always make it a habit to try one of my favorites and then pick a specialty roll.
We weren't very impressed and the décor/wall colors reminded me of a hospital waiting room.
There aren't many sushi restaurants up north, so I will give this place another go and try something else.

I have recently been back for Happy Hour.
And I highly recommend it.
Warm sake for $2.
And we tried almost every dish on the happy hour menu and liked everything.
Great decor, ambience, food and service.

The Food and service was excellent.
I left feeling highly satisfied and will absolutely be coming here again to fulfill sushi cravings.
I especially recommend the calamari.

My menu had food stuck to it, so the hostess stood there at my table scrapping it off with her fingernail instead of just grabbing a clean menu.
And the food she scrapped off the menu was left on the table right in front of me until she came back many minutes later with my tea.
I'm not a neat freak but that was gross.
Only had some yakisoba which was pretty good.
Can't comment on their other dishes.

Excellent service and decor.
The sushi on the other hand...is BEYOND excellent!
The freshest sushi I have had in AZ, and the Chilean Sea Bass was amazing!
They have a great cold sake selection and my favorite wine Rombauer Chardonnay at a reasonable price.
They offer a complimentary edamame with Yelp check in which is a nice touch.
Nori is my new "go to" sushi spot.
Happy New Year everyone!

Guess what?!
There is a real sushi bar in Desert Ridge, and it is GOOD!
I was a little skeptical when Nori first opened, because Desert Ridge has not had the best luck with sushi (I lost count of how many places have opened and closed in the past few years).
However, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked everything about this latest (and greatest!
) sushi spot.
The restaurant has a really open and airy feel, with an indoor/outdoor bar and high ceilings.
The sushi bar is large, with plenty of seating to enjoy the view of the chefs working their sushi magic.
There is also booth and table seating, if the sushi bar isn't for you.
I have enjoyed everything I tried - some favorites are:  Yellowtail sashimi - perfectly fresh and sweet, a great presentation served over crushed ice  Ahi tuna tataki roll - a savory blend of spicy tuna, asparagus and cucumber topped with seared ahi and sprinkled with crunchy fried onions.
I get mine without avocado, and love it.
All of the nigiri has been fresh and flavorful as well - definitely try the salmon, freshwater eel and spicy scallops.
Yum!
Thank you, thank you for adding great sushi to Desert Ridge!

I have lived in the Desert Ridge area for 10 years now and have witnessed what seems like hundreds of sushi places come and go there.As a result and as a sushi lover I have a tumultuous relationship with Desert Ridge.
Its the hopeless romantic in me that walked into Nori, like so many places before her, with an open mind and a desire to like it  like I had done so many times before at DR. My group sat at the bar and engaged in conversation with the bartender who for the life of me name I cannot remember but he was an awesome guy.
Engaging, genuine, definitely not the forced small talk type conversation you get at a lot of places.
It was happy hour so we got a few sushi rills and some chicken skewers.
The sushi was great and fresh, not the best sushi Ive had but pretty close.
What set this place apart for me and bumped it from 4 stars to 5 was the service.
The bartender walked up to us and gave us a free salmon roll to try, then about 10 minutes later he asked if we wanted to try some drinks he's been working on.
Overall one of the best experiences I've had with customer service.
Very glad this place is here and I pray to Zeus it sticks around to beat Malee's record.
Remember Malee's?

Have been here multiple times for lunch special.
Sushi is always fresh and love that there is a patio.
Have been trying other places in the area but keep coming back to Nori!
Great addition to Desert Ridge!

Nori may be on of my new favorite sushi places in Phoenix...
I was a bit skeptical walking in here the other night and had pretty low expectations because of its location in Desert Ridge.
But alas I was pleasantly surprised and had an absolutely fantastic meal here - drinks, food and service were all on point!
For dinner we ordered a bit of everything -  We started off with some Nigiri, Tuna, Salmon and yellowtail.
All 3 selections featured surprisingly fresh fish and the rice was cooked perfectly.
It wasn't gummy and didn't fall apart.
The Seaweed salad was solid.
For rolls we ordered a Poki Poki which featured their house speciality tuna poke and crab.
It was recommended by our server as one of her favorites and she didn't disappoint.
Soft Shell Crab roll was flavorful as was the Salmon Skin roll.
We ordered a bottle of their unfiltered Sake which was placed in an ice bucket on the table to ensure that it was kept cool and their Strawberry lemonade Martini was to die for!
I will def be back!

Great location, comfortable, clean, and we'll decorated....
The food was fantastic!
High quality, we'll made rolls.
Soy was high quality, the tea flavorful, and the miso was best I've had.
I'll be back!

Wow, we finally found a great sushi place!
Incredible!
The tuna takao and lister roll was spectacular!
Everything we ordered all 64 peieces were fresh and unique!
We sat outside and just loved it!
We will be back again and again!
And the prices were just right!
PS loved the green tea waffle for dessert!

First time here!
We had several appetizers from the kitchen during happy hour.
Everything was very good.
It took the server a while to get to us and then it took a while for our drinks to come despite the fact that there were only three other tables.
I'll definitely go back, dinner next time!

This place is only meh.
Considering all of the great reviews this place has, I have to question the taste buds of people trying this place.
I guess it's fine for rolls smothered with teriyaki sauce, all of those rolls tastes the same to me, but for sushi or sashimi, this place is pretty bland tasting.
I even had the lobster roll, which should taste lobster, but all I tasted again was the teriyaki sauce.
Given that though, the service was ok, and the location in the mall doesn't really help much for ambiance.

We were looking for an outdoor dining on a Sunday evening and found Nori Sushi at the Market Place.
When we arrived we were promptly seated with the menu; however, after waiting for a server for a while I had to ask a busboy to send someone to us.
The place was pretty empty at the time,  Started off with fried calamari, which was tasty but they were very tiny.
Good miso soup.
Ahi poke was fresh and had good flavor.
Spicy salmon was very good.
Hamachi sashimi was okay.
Good service.

Sure, it's out of my normal 3 mile radius, but having dinner with girlfriends is always worth a bit of a drive...
When my friends that live in the Desert Ridge area suggested we meet at Nori, I was hesitant.
Sushi in AZ can be hit or miss, so I of course checked Yelp before committing...
I was pleasantly surprised to see so many positive reviews.
And I'm proud to say that yelpers didn't steer me wrong!
I made my way to Nori for a little girls' dinner last night with three friends.
It was a beautiful evening, so we sat outside... and while our waitress wasn't the best (I think she was new), the atmosphere, food, drinks, and company made it a very positive experience!
I checked in on Yelp to find a check-in offer for a free edamame as their check-in offer... thanks for that!
We started by sharing our edamame and ordering drinks.
Two of us had wine and the other two had the Asian "Pear" Adise signature cocktail.
We then proceeded to share a couple of seaweed salads and lot of sushi including the following:  -salmon nigiri -spicy scallop handroll -soft shell crab roll -yellowtail and avocado roll -ahi tuna tataki special roll -hamachi fire special roll -saki saki special roll -poke poki special roll  And then we had a crispy green tea waffle for dessert!
Yes, it was a feast!
I didn't take a bite of anything I didn't like, but the favorite of the table was the poke poki roll!
The dessert was pretty tasty too.
I'm told by my friends that the noodle dishes are pretty satisfying also, but I admit... when I return, it will be hard for me to order anything but sushi.
Nice to have another quality sushi choice here in the Valley... hopefully they will improve their service in due time as well!

Best sushi in town.
Glad to see the master, Ozzie, again.
If you have the chance, try the bluefin tuna & the chef's sashimi platter

Great happy hour 3 to 6 pm.
The presentation of all the food was nice.
Made it feel really expensive when it wasn't.
They had a kids menu as well, which is rare at a sushi place.
Would definitely come back again, especially for the 3 dollar Blue Moons.

Visiting Scottsdale we stumbled on this great sushi bar.
Nice fresh fish.
Tasty rolls.
Decent wine list.
My sake was really fantastic.
Very friendly and prompt service from Lindsay - her recommendations were tasty as well.
Nice location with lots of outside dining near the mall plaza with palms, fountain, and big fireplace.
Worth visiting again.

Slow, Slow, Slow, Slow, Slow.
4 tables seated and our bento boxes took 30 min to get to us.
Update- got a nice note from the manager and he's actively engaged with their product.
Food is really good- just tough to do in an hour or less.
One other thing- the iced green tea is the best in Phoenix.

Great place to get lunch with the kids.
Mackenzie always take great care of us.
Everything we have tried has been delicious.
The mango shrimp salad is my all time favorite.

I had the Sakana Trio roll and it was very unique, colorful, fresh, and the citrus boba was an interesting touch.
Also had the halibut nigiri and was pleased.
I cannot say that the food was spectacular, but I was not disappointed.
However, it was quite pricey overall (spent $28 for two rolls and a drink before tip) and they did not have very good specials.
The interior is very modern Japanese feel, but it also looks a bit too much like Ikea.
The location is also pretty lame; right by the water play area at Desert Ridge so there loud kids throwing balls around as we sat in the outdoor patio area.
If you can make it during a happy hour, I recommend Nori.

(Lyrics - Lorde - Royals)  I've love to eat my sushi extra fresh I sink my teeth in nigiris by the movies (AMC Theater) And I'm very proud of my reviews In the Desert Ridge, my postings to envy  But everybody's like Bo Bites Yelping Diamonds stars on your reviews Food Porn Reviews Readers on my lyrics  We all care, we caught up in your food affairs!
And let's all go to Nori (Sushi) Asian Kitchen for lunch That kind of thought is just for us, we crave a different kind of brunch And let's all go to Nori (Sushi) Asian Kitchen for some beef And Bo Bites we'll eat, we'll eat, we'll eat Let me taste that Sushi  I like this place.
Nestle nicely in the heart of Desert Ridge Marketplace, this little Asian eatery is a nice treat away from your chain restaurants littered all over this area!
My mentor and I ordered the; Shrimp Katsu Burger, Nigiri Select, and Galbi Short Ribs.
Yeah it was a lot of food and very inexpensive!
The Katsu Burger was unique, it was like a crab cake breaded in panko and layered with the Nori BBQ and honey mustard dressing.
I like the texture; crunchy and savory at the same time.
However, I would like to disregard the hamburger bun; maybe a lettuce wrap to make it lighter since it's already a heavy dish.
The Nigiri Select was a delight for only $10; I'm in!
Great tasting and great price.
I wasn't too impress with the Galbi Short Ribs since they were very fatty.
Maybe it's supposed to be that way, but I didn't care for it.
The place itself is very modern and organic looking.
Sleek, polished and appealing in my opinion  Overall, a nice experience and definitely a place I can come back to for drinks and hopefully more lunch time.
- Enjoy!

Finally made it here with a bunch of friends for HH.
While the HH items were abundant and well priced, I opted for the hamachi sashimi, California roll and free edamame with Yelp check in.
Which was plenty of food for this girls.
We had a table of about 20 people.
The gal who organized the gathering was a regular so we got prompt and fantastic service.
I would not say the price is the cheapest but the quality of the food is worth the price tag.
There is an outside patio where you can sit to people watch those milling around Desert Ridge.
Pleasant decor and atmosphere.
Everything from the sushi to the rolls to the cooked food items looked delicious- will be back again!!!

My kids and I really enjoy sushi.
The boys (9 and 12) would rather go to a sushi restaurant than McDonald's - am I a good parent or what?
Nori is a nice addition to Desert Ridge.
There are some OK places to eat at Desert Ridge but nothing out of the ordinary.
The restaurant is quite large.
Nicely laid out, comfortable seating and friendly service.
The menu has something for everyone.
Hot dishes, salads, Tempura (the shrimp is terrific), nigiri, and shashimi.
It's a bit pricey but worth it.

Awesome place to eat.
I always come here before I go to the movies.
The happy hour is awesome and the manager always comes and says hi and recognizes me by my name.
Excellent costumer service.
Great food and great prices.
Very nice looking place too!

The sushi was good, near the top against the other AZ sushi restaurants we've eaten at over the years.
We sat outside on a pleasant night so that was enjoyable.
The menu is good, we had a few interesting rolls (Poke Poki the best) and salmon and yellowtail sashimi.
Miso soup was good, edamame was good.
Lava cake dessert was killer.
The best part of all was the service.
Our server was super nice and without my prompting came and filled my sake glass all night.
Thanks for preserving my good luck and getting me loaded!

Didn't expect good Asian food in Arizona but I was wrong.
This place has great lunch deals and food.
First off, my friend's salad was made perfectly.
The teriyaki salmon I ordered was overflowing with sauce.
The portions were also huge for lunch.
I don't eat sushi but they had a very specific menu to order from.
Awesome times.
It's right next to The Yard next door.
If you're debating which one to pick for FOOD, go to NORI.

I'm beyond thrilled I found this place!
Nori is outstanding!!
Sushi- Try the Poke Poki Roll, I love tuna poke so I was anxious to try this roll.
The crumbled Doritos on top give it an awesome crunch.
The Sakana Trio might be one of the most delicious rolls I have ever had.
This roll has fresh Ahi, Yellowtail and Salmon layered atop and garnished with citrus popping BOBA.
Another must try is the Ahi Tuna Tataki roll!
I love the crispy onions and house made tataki dressing that make this roll one of my favorites.
Don't pass up the Tropical Hamachi and The Tuna Carpaccio both served sashimi style, which I love!
For all you non sushi foodies there is plenty to choose from!
Try the Yakisoba noodles with chicken, you won't be disappointed.
A few other noteworthy non-sushi dishes include, The Rib-eye Yakitori, The Galbi short rib plate, Breaded Pork Katsu and The melt in your mouth Miso Chilean Sea Bass.
Honestly I have yet to try one bad thing on the menu, even the salads are amazing (try the Ahi Tuna Tataki Salad).
I almost forgot to mention that they also have a Prosciutto "sushi" roll thats made for those who don't eat fish.
Be prepared to have your socks knocked off after trying the Green Tea Waffle with Vanilla Ice Cream for dessert... All I can say is YUMMMMMM!
Okay so I know I raved about the amazing food but what makes me love this place even more is the extensive Sake list and awesome cocktails.
Being a sake lover I was thrilled to see the amazing choices of sake I could choose from.
My two favorites are the nigori and The Zipang, but If you're more into cocktails try the Thai Heat which has a fiery kick to it or the Blueberry Shisojito for a nice refreshing drink.
All in all this place has super fresh, one of a kind sushi, and amazing kitchen menu, amazing beverages to choose from not to mention their knowledgeable awesome team makes for a great experience all together.
I'll be back and i'm bringing friends!!
Oh and one more thing...
They have an awesome Happy Hour (M-F between 3-6pm) and an awesome wine special on Mondays!

Nori is always a great experience.
Not only is the fish the freshest you will find in Arizona, but the service is extraordinary.
The ambience is a cool, modern look with lime green colors and dark woods.
Happy hour runs until 6:00 and features some basic rolls.
However, for those who are a bit more experienced, go with with an adventurous roll on the main menu or a chirashi bowl (not on the menu).
Enjoy!

This is a top shelf dining experience.
The food is very good and presented well.
Just walked through the upscale shopping mall and found this restaurant.
Will definitely eat here again when I'm in the Phoenix area.
Modern decor and super friendly staff.

Nori is a great sushi spot that I'm not sure why took me so long to find.
Amazing service, Danielle was my server and she gave me the best service I've had in a long time!
Amazing staff and even better food!
Working my way through the great happy hour menu right now!

We decided to try Nori for lunch on Mother's Day.
We walked in and were seated right away.
We ordered the Seaweed Salad, Rainbow Roll, California Roll and the Baked U10 (Scallop Roll).
The Baked U10 was good, but the sauce was a bit overwhelming and too mayo-y for my taste.
I did like the big pieces of scallops they used on top though.
It is a very filling roll.
The other rolls were fine...pretty standard for sushi.
They had a pretty good variety on the kids menu, which was nice for a change.
My oldest son ordered the Yakisoba and was disappointed because he thought it was a soup dish, so we order the Tempura Udon for him instead.
My picky youngest son had the Katsu and actually ate it all up.
I wish I had known their meals came with Cali rolls, or I would not have ordered an extra roll.
As part of their Mother's Day promotion, I received a free "Mom-omsa" and my choice of dessert at the end, which was Tempura green tea ice cream.
Very nice touch to this special day.
My family devoured the Tempura ice cream.
Delish!
Overall, the service was great.
Our waitress and other staff were very nice as well.
I would definitely go there again, perhaps on our next date night.

This is good food!
That's what you'll say when you eat here.
Great atmosphere, plenty of seating, and as many have said, what a great patio to people watch.
That's exactly what the wifey and I did.
First of all, we had great service.
What is great service?
A smile and warm greeting from the hostess.
An opportunity to like or not like the table given.
Detailed information about the specials and food.
Finally, not too many or little check ups on water or how we are doing.
This place has great service.
Make sure to check in to enjoy your free edamame.
Lightly salted but definitely delicious!
I ordered the Ahi Tuna Tataki and the wifey ordered a moist salmon dish that was tasty.
The ahi was quality and had a refreshing taste at the end of the chew.
I highly recommend.
My wife's dish was very delicious and I found myself enjoying a roll while going over my plate and stealing a piece of her fish.
This place is that good.
This place has all the bells and whistles.
It's elegant, but casual.
The menu is clean and not too extensive.
Overall, this is good food and we will definitely be back!

This is one of my new favorite sushi restaurants.
Nigiri and sashimi were top notch, rolls were nicely prepared, and the presentation was phenomenal!

My time at nori went from mediocre to impressed.my only issue was there was only one cook for all the tables and we were a Lil pressed for time since we were going to see a movie.the sushi was AMAZING!!
some of the best I've personally had.even though half our food came out at different times because of so many tickets to the one cook.the manager was very nice!
He apologized for everything took like 10 bucks off our bill and gave us this incredible green tea waffle.i work in food service management and I always say an issue that pops up is also another opportunity to make a customer into regular.
Thanks for the great food and service I will be back.

Nori is AMAZING!
Great food, great staff, great atmosphere.
The owners are very friendly as well and always say hi.
Overall always a good experience!

Hands down the BEST sushi happy hour in Scottsdale.
The service is fast, friendly and very efficient.
Happy hour sushi starts at only 3$ and are fantastic.
If you haven't been to nori yet do yourself a favor and try it out.

Incredible service..awesome sushi..tried the nori tempura roll..gotta try the miso Chilean sea bass..just heard they are opening a nori in west Hollywood!!!

Love love love their happy hour!
Much better then their competitor across the road (sushi station) their happy hour had great prices and a great selection!
We had 7 people fed and it was still under $120.
Not bad for about 10 rolls and 5 appetizers plus who knows how many drinks.
We will definitely be returning.
Although I was a little disappointed with their Tuna Poke; I've had better.
Still 5 stars in my book though, just wouldn't order that again.

i recently went here with some friends for happy hour even though I'm allergic to all seafood and shellfish i was pleasantly surprised they had a lot of options for me I had fried tofu and a vegetable roll!
it was delicious!!!!
I will definitely tell all my friends to try this place out!!
great prices and great food!!

Well, here is the five star.
I had a perfect experience at Nori Sushi.
Being a Yelper, I look at things from a wide eyed lens and try to find something that appeals to everyone.
The sushi in this restaurant was amazing.
Service was fast.
Staff, including manager, were genuinely kind and wanted us to have a good experience.
The rolls were delicious but let me talk about the ahi salad which was true art contained in a delicious bowl.
Fresh and satisfying while being light and, well, perfect.
If you have room, please try the green tea waffle.
It was so pretty and so decadent.
Thanks Nori Sushi.
So glad you have a California location so I can go back again and again.

Unexpectedly amazing!
The location is good but the food and service is consistently great.
Being new to sushi, I like it when the server is friendly and offers helpful hints asking us what we like.
These people take care of their guest and the server checked on us to see how we liked out first few bites.
We loved it, but it was great knowing they were on top of checking.
In Desert Ridge they could be probably be average and stay busy, but they raise the bar for other places.
Will definitely return.
(P.S.
don't forget to check-in for the edamame app)

This is unquestionably the best sushi we have had in northeast Phoenix/Scottsdale since we moved here this spring.
We were spoiled by incredible sushi made by Japanese chefs in Detroit, and tried four different well-rated restaurants here, but were disappointed every time.
Finally, we tried Nori and were so happy to taste melt-in-your-mouth sushi once again.
The tuna has that jewel-like color that it's supposed to, the yellowtail is delicious, the salmon has that great sweetness.
This is the first sushi we've had here that we wanted more of as soon as we'd finished eating.
Thank you, Nori!

The sea bass was fantastic, hamachi really good and rolls very good.
5 stars for the quality, selection and speed.
A little pricey especially for the portions, but it's sushi in the desert.
Was just happy it was so delish.

