My new favorite spot.
The employee is really nice and friendly.
This was the first salon I seen using liners for the spa on each clients.
It's really classy and the atmosphere was comfortable.
Everyone made me feel like I belong there.
Beside all the construction going on.
(new manager) It's a place to be!!
I'm coming here more often!
They accept credit card, but bring cash for tips :)

The nail tech kept trying to sell me gel nails, even tho I told her no a number of times.
She seemed to lose interest in me after that.
As she hurried me to the drying table, I smudged a nail.
She grabbed the polish and literally globged some of it on a portion of the nail!
I had to take the nail polish off when I got home.
I will never go back!

After trying 2 other nail salons in the area.
I decided to try this one after seeing coupons come in the mail.
It's in a hidden spot next door to Lowes so i'm glad they advertised.
I love this place.
The have all the decor updated and very chic with chandeliers.
I've never had any problems with any of the people that have done my nails they are very friendly and do a great job.
They do recommend gel nails but it's well worth it...I always mess up my nails and this is the way to go to avoid that.

I have been to Voulez Vous a handful of times over the past 2 years.
I like it because it's close to my house, and the staff are usually quite friendly/funny!
I feel that they do a decent job, and the prices are fair.
My reason for knocking off a star is that some of the techs are very persistent about trying to sell you more services.
I totally get that it's part of their job and usually don't mind, but last time I went I actually became a little offended.
The nail tech kept insisting on a brow wax; I explained to her that I had just had one at my hair salon 5 days prior.
She actually acted like she didn't believe me and asked where!
This was 3 days before my wedding, so you can be assured my brows looked great.
I keep them a little bit on the thicker side because I don't want to be a middle aged woman with no eyebrows in 20 years due to over waxing and plucking.
So... word of advice, I would recommend NOT letting them wax your brows, because you're going to risk walking out looking ridiculous with extremely thin, tiny eyebrows :-)  I will still go back and get my nails done there, however.

I got wonderful service here, great staff, beautiful salon they have here, very clean and sassy atmosphere.
I feel like a princess every time I come in here.
ASK FOR JULIE, she only works Friday Saturday and sunday :)) My gel manicure was wonderful.
Her massage was the best.
I shall come back.

Awesome.
I went based on yelp reviews and was not disappointed.
Dianne did my mani pedi and was great.
The foot and leg massage were amazing.
I  will be back next time I am in town.
Thank you!

