We used Abraham Limo for our most recent event  (200 attendees).
The professionalism was extraordinary from arrival until departure, everyone from the dispatcher to the drivers were spectacular.
I highly recommend.

We just got back from Vegas and had to share a great experience we had.
My girlfriend surprised me by having a limo pick us up from the airport.
She had reserved it for the weekend, so I thought let's do a little bit of everything.
So Friday night we had dinner and saw an exclusive show, and afterwards the driver took us to some hidden night spots.
Then Saturday morning we got picked up at the hotel and taken to a breathtaking golf course.
And Saturday night, we went to 3 awesome clubs.
On Sunday, he sadly took us to the airport, where we eventually stepped out of the limo.
We even hugged him goodbye.
Awesome limos, first class service and they were affordable too.
Abraham Limo, we will be back!

The company I work for has used Abraham Limo Service many times over the past few years when we have clients coming to Las Vegas from out of town.
They have always been very professional and their prices are very competitive.
Some of our requests are urgent last minute requests and they always come thru for us.
I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for luxury transportation in Las Vegas.

Very rude phone operator.
I spoke to a women on the phone 2 different times.
The first time the women was actually helpful.
I let her know my dates that I would be using the limo would be june 20-22, my group would need to be dropped off at the Las Vegas Motor speedway for a 3 day event.
She told me their minimum was for 1.5 hours and i let her know we would need it for more like 2 hours each trip, and she even agreed with me because of how crazy the traffic will probably get.
She quoted me $190 for a 10 passenger.
So now my 2nd phone call and the reason this company is getting 1 star.
I call back and say my name and say i had just spoken with you about my quote for EDC.
She says ohhh you wanted it for EDC well we cant do that.
Thats a 12 hr minimum.
And I let her know but I told you exactly when i was going and the location and it was an event.
She argued that she didnt know.
But her company has special rates for the EDC dates.
Okay...if your company has specials for certain dates isnt it your job to know those dates???
So how is it my fault you're not doing your job correctly and keeping up with your special rates.
She argued with me and was very rude.
I asked for her manager and her response was: I dont have one.
Then she said well, he'll be out for a while.
And very rudely said its not like you're going to get him to change the rate.
I said okay, id still like to speak with him to complain about you because you're being very rude.
Her response?
"No, you're the one that's being rude".
Seriously???
Learn how to train your employees correctly.
If they can't remember specials or certain rates and they mess up.
That is not my fault.
Thats your employees fault.
I don't want to be quoted and then blamed and then refused the opportunity to speak with a manager.
This woman gave the worst customer service.
So thank her, because my group will be booking with someone else.

