Dyed black fringes, expensive clothes and greying quiffs - I had no idea Edinburgh had such a population of well-off but ageing hipsters.
Woodland Creatures opened this week on Leith Walk, in the former rough-and-ready Balfour Bar.
It has a simple, austere style with a few wooden tables and chairs around the edges - and a central bar staffed by rather too-cool staff who take a while to serve you.
I shouldn't be too harsh - it does have decent beer on tap and is going to serve food, and it's nice to have somewhere new to go.
But it's an odd place, with an interesting clientele - including every 'cool' dog lover in town, so you have to watch where you put your feet for fear of stepping on a tail.
I did feel sorry, too, for the poor old geezer, possibly a regular of the old Balfour Bar, who came and stared mournfully in the window.
Then he shook his head, and walked off down the road...

Did you ever have a friend who wanted to move out of home so his parents built him a sort of bodged granny flat in the basement?
Dodgy woodwork by his dad, mismatched bits of furniture, crappy parquet flooring and some cheap garage-sale decorations?
He's so proud of having "his own flat" and feeling all grown up but the reality is he's sitting on a wonky school chair in his parents' basement.
Well, if he opened a bar, it would be Woodland Creatures.
It's not a bad place, and it's already full of customers only a couple of days after opening, but it's a bit like a substandard version of Victoria's or Boda.
Then again, that's probably their goal.
It has a bit of a hipster can't-be-arsed-trying vibe, which is both annoying and refreshing, depending on your mood.
And they have a couple of real ales on tap, which most modernised bars don't, so that's a big plus for me.
So, I'm glad that Leith Walk is continuing its rise to glory with another funky drinkery, but I think it will take a little while for this one to bed in.
Judging from how busy it was today, though, they'll do just fine.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS...
This (and the other reviews to date) must be considered only first impressions because this place has just opened its doors and is not even serving food yet, which it will be very soon - they're still putting finishing touches on the kitchen.
For a bit of context, I've put my head in here twice to wander around and have a look and have spent one evening drinking.
First impressions, I'm definitely a fan.
Great drink selection, plenty of standing room and not an unreasonable proportion of floor space dedicated to seating, which is thoughtfully arranged within the space.
I don't see a problem with the decor at all, I like it a lot actually.
The main room is arguably lacking character a LITTLE when the place is quiet, in that it has just opened, but the same space works really well when busy - room to swing your elbows a bit.
The blacks, browns and wood give the place an austere but warm atmosphere.
The smaller, brighter space to the right behind the bar area is the more challenging aesthetically, a kind of gallery space with funky seating from old cinemas and theatres.
Ask yourself: do you really want this, weird but comfortable seats, art on the walls?
YES!!
In terms of the Leith Walk competitors: Victoria, as much as I do genuinely like it, now has a welcome antidote across the road.
I absolutely don't buy the idea that V's should be a blueprint and standard for new bars in this area.
Diversity is key.
Woodland Creatures is a GREAT contribution to this diversity.
I understand the 'hipstery' comments but honestly I don't care in the slightest; it comes with the territory, always, for a place like this (as it does across the road).

when i first heard mention of woodland creatures, i thought people meant actual little furry creatures from the woods.
but apparently what they meant was a new hip bar on leith walk!
i have to say it is a rather interesting name for a bar and i'm not sure what thought went into it.
there is certainly not a woodland theme going on here unless you count the few light up plastic animals in the window.
however, name aside this seems like a rather nice place.
it's clear that the owners of this bar did some serious refurbishment work as there is no resemblance of the previous occupier!
probably for the best as my work colleague said the balfour bar was one dodgy place.
woodland creatures is a big bar with a good amount of space.
there's benchs with tables along two walls in the front room with some other tables placed about, but still room for standing.
there are also some seats at the bar for those that like that.
there is a smaller back/side room that has some local art/photographs on the wall with more seating available.
the design is all very trendy hispter exposed brick wall cool.
so maybe not to some people's liking but i thought it gave the bar a nice look.
the staff seemed very friendly as the barman came right over after we'd sat down at a table to say we could order drinks from him and he'd bring them to us.
i'm not sure this is always an option as we were some of the only customers there on a monday night but i appreciated the effort.
after a brief look at the photos in the side room we made a quick enquiry about their food offers to which the barman confirmed that they had a menu and went to get the chef to speak to us.
a brief description of the menu and some recommendations from the chef i went with the hake over chive mash in a lobster bisque sauce.
food took a bit of time to arrive meaning that it was freshly prepared but i was pleased with my meal.
there was a nice piece of hake resting on top of some tasty mashed potatoes.
these weren't the creamist mashed potatoes i've eaten but they were tasty especially mixed with the lobster bisque.
while i enjoyed my dinner, i did think that the whole lot could do with just a bit more seasoning.
nothing was super bland, but it did lack a bit in the taste department.
my friend commented similarily on her sweet potato burger with polenta chips.
there appears to be a good stock of spirits on offer along with beers on tap and bottled beers.
as i'm laying off the booze i can also confirm that they make a nice lime and soda if you are staying sober for the night.
prices were reasonable, i think i paid about £10 for two drinks and my meal, and service is friendly.
as this is a new place it lacks atmosphere which is why i've only given it three stars.
however i plan to go back to see how this place develops as it embeds into the leith neighbourhood.

Visited this bar on a Sunday evening so it wasn't packed, but as it's fairly new I guess it will take a while to get some regulars.
Formally one of the roughest pubs on Leith Walk, Balfour Bar, it's made quite a transformation!
Some for the best some not so...
The external bar front has been sheeted over with a battleship grey facade, with three small high windows.
My companion said it looked like a brothel from the outside!
Ok, they have cute illuminated 'woodland creatures' in the windows but it's a sore shame they've hidden the traditional moulded external details Balfour Bar that displayed.
Now, it looks like a nondescript frontage with little character.
(Bad transformation).
Step inside though and we're on the good things, nice big illuminated bar, well stocked and plenty of draft to choose from.
They have gone for a shabby chic interior, PVC timber parquet flooring, old (I assume Balford orginal) pub tables, cosy high back banquet seating, old theatre seats and timber school chairs.
Quite spacious inside and there is a separate room behind the bar which can be booked for functions.
They've exposed some of the original brickwork giving it a rustic edge and included some funky artwork (LOVE sign) to add contemporary style.
I like the interior, it's a breath of fresh air for Leith Walk pubs!
(Good transformation).
Staff were friendly and I think we saw the manager/owner at the end of the bar discussing strategies.
Being so new they've not received cocktail training, but I been told it will come.
Their Merlot was soft and very drinkable.
And they have a food menu now!
It's not very extensive, they have about 5/6 dishes available, however they seem very nice - not your average pub grub.
Plus they will start Sunday Roasts next week!
All dishes are a very reasonable £6.50 each too.
We'd just eaten but I'll definitely be back to try out the roast!

I'm updating this review because I've gone and eaten here and felt I should express my feelings about the experience.
Table service, pretty good and definitely friendly.
The guy was a little stressed due to dealing with a very big table around the corner, but that's more observation and less criticism.
We were given our due attention and wanted for nothing.
The setting I've already spoken of, and I like it.
This was my first time in here during daylight hours though, and I was pleasantly surprised by how much light gets in - I had wondered given the size of the windows.
We went in on a Sunday and ordered a fairly straightforward roast and a beautiful hake dish with a light tomato sauce on mash.
The latter was definitely the star attraction because I'm not generally a massive fan of roast beef, preferring lamb or chicken roasted, but it still had character and the whole experience deserved 4 stars.
I should probably add that we had the distinct impression that this was a menu that dealt with quite a lot of dietary needs, with vegan-suitable commitments for a couple of the dishes as well as some proper meatfests.
This impressed me.
I would say that there weren't too many diners in total and I wonder how efficient it would all be if there were more, but this logic isn't fair criticism at all because, hey: maybe they'd just have asked someone else to come in and help if that were the case!

Leithwalk is quite dead so any new places are welcome.
There are two types of pubs on this street.
First type which only visited by guys (and i don't mean gay pubs, I'm rather thinking about Pub for pals, buddies) and second type for both sexes.
Don't have to highlight that I prefer this second one.
Honestly for me it would be perfect to find a pub which is attended only by girls... maybe if I were born as Hugh Hefner... any way,  last Friday I saw couple of chicks in this woodland, that's very positive sign... ;-)

To be honest I was several pints down by the time we got here on Saturday and I remember a few things fairly well.
We were approached for money for some charity which is pretty annoying.
We were in leith which is rarely high on my "things to do sheet" and we were towards the end of a days drinking on a busy saturday.
However it's a big bar, it's got decent beers on and I quite enjoyed the ambiance.
There was plenty of space, good seating and enough space around the bar that queing was fine.
Well done WC you're top in my books.
Oh wait this is one we probably shouldn't acronymise.

Cracking pub but dreadful food!
If you're looking for drinks it's a great place but the food is truly terrible (I'd rather have had a Macdonalds and thats saying something!
)   We tried the burgers and the macaroni cheese - I have had better macaroni cheese from a packet and the burgers were pretty tasteless and served with polenta chips (never known anyone make a success of those - what's wrong with a nice normal potato chip).
If the food had been really cheap, you'd already have low expectations but at £7.50 for the burgers & around the same for the macaroni cheese they're way off the mark (pretty telling that on clearing our still food-littered plates that noone even asked us how it was)  Chatting to regulars outside, they all said the same about the food.
Go elsewhere for your scran THEN pop in for a nice drink

For some obscure reason, I start singing songs from 'Bambi' in my head when I think of 'Woodland Creatures'.
I just wish the bar filled me with as much delight as Disney movies usually do!
I was quite looking forward to paying this place a visit, as I'd heard lots of good things, and I finally got my chance one Saturday night.
On first impressions, the owners have done a great job with the decor, both inside & out, but I think I was expecting it to be a wee bit quirkier (perhaps more woodlandy, a few more animals & maybe some unusual feature...like toilets hidden inside a tree themed bathroom or something!).
The bar was well stocked, prices were normal and the staff were friendly...it just seemed to lack atmosphere for me.
I'm having real difficulty putting my finger on the exact problem, but it really did make me feel a bit 'meh' (or maybe some other creature related noise).
I'd like to give Woodland Creatures another try so I can hopefully update my star rating but, until then, it's only 2 stars for my night in the woods.

Feels a bit hipster-tastic to me in this joint.
My glass of ginger beer cost me something like £2.75.
Ouch!
Pub also feels quite dark and seats are not the comfiest.
I'm all for cool options, and Leith deserves to have a place for the hipsters to hang out.
So fair enough.
There's nothing wrong with this place per se, it's just not really my bag.

A welcome addition to Leith Walk.
A breath of fresh air with plenty of room, good selection of drinks and capable staff.
Nice wee beer garden out back too - entered into via a Narnia style wardrobe.
I'm not sure why so many reviewers describe it being full of hipsters - aging or otherwise!
It has a fairly +30 stylish clientele which for me is a good thing.
It beats the hell out of Victoria (twee, overpriced and loud), Joseph Peirce's (even more twee, obnoxious punters and overstyled/vacant ECA bar staff) and Brass Monkey (full of teenagers and burgers - like an Scottish TGI Fridays.
I like Woodland Creatures very much and I hope it's here to stay.

This is a nice addition to the Leith Walk.
Having visited about 4 times thus far (2 times in summer, 1 autumn and 1 winter) I can say that I find it a comfortable bar to get back to.
I have yet to sample the food, but I am not a Pub Meal kind a guy so I stick with beer and nibbles.
About the beer, they have 2 of my favourites on draft: Black Isle Blonde and Innis & Gunn.
Very reasonably prices for draft and spirits.
The seating is open plan , big sofa in the middle and a lot of bar stools to sit on, but to be honest those are a tad uncomfortable to sit on for long.
The service is mixed.
Can't really put my finger on it, but it is a little distant at times.
Could just be me, but it does put me off a bit.
I like sitting outside in the summer, but they only have a limited amount of daily sun during the summer's day due to being located on the shadowy side of the street  Mmh.. it seems that every sentence I use has a 'but' to describe this place.
I guess that is how it is.. there is a 'but'   It is nice place to visit, but I hope it will improve somehow.
(See what I did there?

lovely bar, lovely food, lovely staff.
dog friendly and child friendly ( prefer dogs to kids!
)  beautifully renovated from the disaster that used to be the balfour bar, the interior is all beautiful natural wood, light and airy  with a space through the back to display art by local artists and a wonderful secret garden!
less expensive than some of the more shabby bars on leith walk and definitely a cut above the rest in the area.

This place wasn't too crowded.
Seemed dog friendly place, cause there was a reaaalllly friendly dog there, who made us laugh.
Staff is friendly and helpful.
Burgers looked wild and stylish at the same time!
But beef burger was really salty for me.
Maybe the chef is in love?
:) Beer was little bit expensive and that's why we didn't stay there too long.

