RoRo photobooth was fabulous!
Our guests had a blast taking photos throughout the night!
The staff was great to work with!
They were friendly and accomodating to our guests.
I highly recommend using them for your next event/party!

Jonas & Weng were extremely professional.
The respond to emails and phone calls really fast.
Absolutely GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.
Prices are really reasonable compared to other vendors.
They were not only ON TIME at our event, they were great at making the atmosphere really fun!
I seriously could not stop laughing...I now have a permanent smile on my face and a professional athlete rockstar abs from laughing so hard.
We don't usually venture out to Vegas that much, but they made the experience memorable for everyone.
Would definitely use RORO Photobooth again and again for their services and recommend them to everyone.
You won't be disappointed!

I was extremely unsatisfied with my experience with Roro Photobooth at a bachelorette party.
First, their team showed up to the wrong event site.
They went to the billing address rather than the event site, despite an email with written confirmation in red acknowledging the delivery address.
Based on that error, the company was a half an hour late to my event.
Per my receipt, the photo booth was suppose to open at 7:00pm.
It did not open until 7:30pm.
Additionally, one of their male employees pulled me aside and rudely asked me to stop playing the games at my party so that my guests would take pictures.
I explained to him that if he were at the correct delivery address and set up on time, he would be having pictures to print in that moment (Considering the printing is the slowest of any photo booth I have seen taking up to 45 seconds per picture).
Their team was unprofessional and quite unfriendly for the type of service they are providing.
They never even explained to my guests the nature of how the photo booth works.
I was very disappointed with the team.
I asked the company to please stay and extra half hour since they were a half hour late, and they refused.
Instead they began cleaning up 20 minutes early.
Another disappointing aspect were the accessories.
One of my guests put on a hat that had old food crusted to it from a previous event.
It was unsanitary and gross.
I paid $50.00 for a scrapbook a double prints of all photos for the bride.
This service was never provided.
Also I was suppose to receive a DVD of the event prints and images, and Facebook upload of prints.
Neither of these services were provided.

Roro photoboth was a great addition to our party.
They are so professional, the photoboth craz was new to me and they gave me so much information and made me feel so comfortable that I was excite and couldn't wait for the party.
They arrived early and the fun began, we had so much fun the party was over two weeks ago and my friends are still talking about it and looking at the pictures.
Thanks Roro Photobooth

Thank you for coming out to the Foodie Fest and taking awesome pictures of our food and truck!
Jonas and Rowena are very friendly and have extremely fast customer service.
All emails and texts were responded to very promptly.
Price was as good as it gets and I definitely will be using there service again when I come back into town.
Highly recommend to any people out here looking for great photo services!

