We just bought a sectional there, and we had a really good experience so far.
Hopefully the sofa will last!
We bought our sofa during the Presidents Day weekend, and went around to a bunch of stories - Mor, RoomStore, and Teri's.
Everything at these other stores was much more expensive.
Our sectional took a week longer than the store stated it would be delivered, but once the delivery guys got here, they were in and out of our house within minutes!
They asked where we wanted it to be set up and were really fast.
They also came within the 3-hour window that they promised to be there.
My family loves the sofa so far, and so do our friends that come over to visit!
I am planning to go there to buy a coffee table soon.

Purchased a mattress and bed.
It's very nice to be able to walk into a store and not get hounded right away by sales ppl about purchasing something without getting a chance to look around first.
I was browsing some Sofia's, then sectionals and finally made my way to the beds and bed frames.
An associate was standing nearby, putting something together when I called out asking if I can get some assistance.
Instead of saying let me get you someone else, he walked right over.
That great, really great customer service.
I asked for some information on the mattress that I was looking for.
Kyle, proceeded to tell me everything about my selection and didn't have state any negative values on my choice.
Just explained the benefits of my choice and how great it would be good on sleeping, only when I asked for the next model up did he proceed to tell me about it.
Showing me the value in not trying to get a commission on something more, by providing me the tools that I needed to make a selection based on my needs.
It was a great experience.
I was able to mull over everything he stated to make an informed decision.
I'm looking forward to my delivery, and their warranty for the store is perfect.
5 years anything happens, with free replacement is very satisfying.
My salesperson was Kyle, I'm sure everyone else is great as well, but I can only recommend the person whom I spoke with.
Nice sales, great warranty, and a wide selection.
I recommend it!!

If you're looking for furniture to fill your Cophenhagen themed decor that should not be touched by  pets, human beings under 4'11", or anyone that might cause a slight wrinkle in your expensive leather, this is obviously not where you should be looking.
If you're looking for a more realistic couch that's meant to be used quite often, durable, and extra comfy in case you get kicked out of the bed more nights than most, then you should definitely start here.
I spent a day looking for the right sofa, no joke.
I went from Indian Bend (Jack's Warehouse, American Furniture) to Chandler (Ikea, My Pigsty, World Market).
My mileage looked like I had gone to LA by the time I was done.
After you go to a couple of places, you start seeing the same material, styles, and even the very same couches no matter how many times you blink and you're left to only decide depending on the store's prices/sales.
I hate being bombarded by salespeople who start ranting unlimited color options for a couch I barely sat on or eyed for three seconds, but I admit it's not enough to deter me from buying anything.
Pruitt's employees gives off the feeling that they're not paid by commission, and even if they were, I couldn't tell.
They tell you what you want to hear, no gimmicks or fluff, and if you don't like it, they leave you in peace until you feel like talking to them again.
Needless to say though, the pricing didn't add up at most of these stores and I ended up going to Pruitts and within 20 quick minutes, found a fabulous couch, $279 with free delivery, softer than floating cloud wrapped in a warm flour tortilla placed on a baby's butt.
Yeah, it's that comfy.

Bob, sales employee, was great to deal with.
He was knowledgeable and was able to answer all of our questions without any pushy salesman qualities.
We purchased a dining room table, 8 chairs, and a bedroom set from Pruitt's.
Delivery completed without a hitch.
Very professional and courteous delivery staff.
We will make Pruitt's our first stop any time we need home furnishings.

Wonderful experience.
Tom is very nice..Not pushy at all..very informative about the furniture.
I bought a sofa, and it was delivered the next day in perfect condition.
Large, nice selection of furniture.
I will be shopping here again!

Very reasonably priced, comfortable sofas and sectionals.
They had a good selection of beds to choose from as well.
I was the only person in the store and the 2 salesmen knew I was there, but didn't even say hello or bother to ask if I needed anything.
Instead, they felt it was better to talk on their cell phones and sit around.
I guess they didn't need my business!

The shopping experience there was so so, but what happened afterwards was terrible.
Found the couch I wanted at an awesome price.
The sales person said that it was going to be four days out.
So I paid for it and haven't heard from them since.
No one has called and it's been weeks.
I contacted them a week after they stated just to give them some time, they gave me another date.
A week passed, called them again, got another two weeks out.
I said I'm just going to get a refund, we can't go without a couch for that long.
The lady on the line said "go ahead, do whatever you want" they don't care!!!
Bottom line.
No one should be waiting weeks over their promise date on furniture.
Beware!!

Wait, I can't store my clothes on the ground anymore?
If you're looking for a place to upgrade your bedroom organization game, take a gander at the dresser options at Pruitt's.
When my fiancee and I moved-in together, we knew that our cubical shelving unit wasn't going to cut it for storing our clothes once we were married.
WIth a budget of about $600, Pruitt's was the first stop on our quest to make our first big bedroom furniture purchase.
This neighborhood store has an expansive  showroom with some basic home arrangements.
It has more of a warehouse feel compared to many of its competitors, but we found that the styles were really appealing and didn't have that "old person" look.
We didn't want our house looking like our grandparents'!
Even after checking out a couple other big name furniture stores, we decided that Pruitt's still had the best prices.
If you're looking for immediate attention when you walk in, you're not going to be happy here.
The employees are pretty hands-off until you've got questions or are ready to buy.
We really appreciated the relaxed approach and never felt rushed to make a decision while we evaluated our options.
Haggle-factor: We offered to pay cash for a discount.
No good.
They are already a discount warehouse, so their prices are pretty firm.
Delivery: They will deliver and assemble your new furniture within a couple days.
They ask that you call the morning-of your scheduled day to get a delivery time window.

This is the worst store I've ever been to.
I walked in ready to spend some serious cash and not a single person would help me.
Oh a couple of salesman sat and watched tv, and a couple of other salesman made eye contact with me and started to walk toward me but then stopped and turned around.
Oh well, I went to Fry's market place and bought a great leather loveseat, a dining room set and an entertainment center.
I spent almost $1000.00 there and the staff was really great.
I don't recommend Pruitts to anyone, go to Frys.

Go see Mark Donohoe if you want a no pressure, seamless transaction from a friendly & helpful sales associate.
I needed an electric recliner for my mom who was being discharged from the hospital post total knee replacement surgery.
Pruitt's had exactly what I was looking for!
Great selection & prices...I've looked elsewhere and the inventory here was larger and more diverse than anywhere else.
Mark is a classy, friendly salesman and I highly recommend you ask for him and shop here for all your home furnishing needs.
Mom loves her new recliner and the price was very right!

