I went here with my boyfriend last night, and I think he was prepared to not like it, thinking that raw food would be tasteless and consist of more or less just salad..
He came out not only saying it was one of the best meals he'd ever had, but also wanting to experiment a little with raw food at home.
We're both vegetarians, though I am verging on vegan.
This place caters for vegans, coeliacs, and people with wheat and lactose intolerance.
It's quite tucked away, it would be quite easy to miss it if you didn't look for the signs to 'shining light', a centre which offers yoga, tarot readings etc.
The corridor downstairs gives no indication about the quality of the food upstairs; up a flight of stairs, beyond shining light is a great spacious room with a stage, chill-out music and an aesthetically pleasing layout of very modern and stylish furniture, with a variety of high chairs and comfy low chairs.
There were no customers when we came, it felt like we had discovered an intimate little secret.
Claire, the owner, came to greet us and showed us where we could help ourselves to herbal tea and water.
The water was free, and the tea cost only £1 a cup, which was great considering how many flavours there were to choose from.
Jess, a friendly waitress (who happens to go to my uni) came and brought us the menu.
Before booking the table, I had spoken to Claire online about a particularly memorable meal I had in NY a few years ago: raw ravioli and pecan pie.
She told me they'd be happy to try out any new recipe, so custom made a serving just for us!
Though not quite the same as the meal I had in NY, this dish was delicious in its own right: Courgette pasta enclosing a walnut cheese filling, accompanied by fresh pesto and sundried tomato sauce, and a massive salad.
My boyfriend and I shared this, then shared a Thai green curry with cauliflower 'rice', which was also delicious, with lots of flavours and interesting textures.
For pudding we both ordered the pecan pie with coconut ice cream.
I would love to have a high power food processor so I could make this at home-it was truly outstanding.
I think the crust was made of ground down cashew nuts and agave syrup, whilst the filling was rich and the taste of pecans was very evident.
The coconut ice cream was the perfect balance to the richness of the pie.
Though I'm not about to become a raw food vegan, I truly believe that raw food puddings are much nicer than cooked ones.
If you make a pecan pie, usually the eggs, flour and butter distract from the taste of the pecans.
With a raw pudding, you have strong flavours and massive sugar hits.
The bill came to us accompanied by a 'rocky road' chocolate bite.
I'd love to come back and try everything on the menu, especially the puddings!

This is a fantastic place, which I really hope survives and does well, we need more of this food to be widely available.
Being a raw vegan cafe, it's catering for a pretty niche market, and is also tucked away with no shop front, but it is well worth walking up the close to get to, and it's less than 3 mins walk from Haymarket station, so very accessible.
My first dish was the onion bread and vegetable crackers with cashew cheese, which was excellent.
It was a good sized portion - just right - and the onion bread was particularly tasty.
I was delighted to learn that the cheese had been fermented, so extra healthy for my tummy.
It was served with courgette crisps, alfalfa sprouts and a lovely chilli sauce, and there were 3 varieties of cracker - spinach, beetroot, and something else I can't remember.
All very good.
I then had the chocolate and lemon torte, which was served with cashew cream and beautifully presented.
And completely delicious!
The filling was made with avocado rather than nuts, so it wasn't heavy at all.
The menu also has other items that you're not going to get anywhere else, such as flavoured water kefirs, and of course a variety of fresh raw juice.
Definitely worth a visit.
We should be supporting this place!

I was literally dragged here by my girlfriend who wanted me to try something new.
I am not a vegan myself and I was quite worried that I would end up eating some boring salad with taste-less cucumber.
Well, it turned out that I ate one of the best meals I can possibly remember: the food was superb, really tasty and filling, though light and impeccable in quality.
It was presented well on the plate, in a manner that resembled a work of art.
We have even been able to order raw organic ravioli, which were not on the menu, on facebook by contacting them, who were very willing to always try new recipes.
The pudding (pecan pie with coconut icecream) was the cherry on the icing.
The menu changes frequently, another indicator that, despite my misconceptions, raw food can never be boring at all.
The staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming, it was a pleasure to chat with them.
They have been really nice and they can be sure that I will come back pretty soon.

I've only visited for tea, so I can't comment on the food, but I thought I should let you all know this novel cafe will sadly be closing on Sunday 25th August 2013 at 6pm.
They will be looking for new premises in the future... but in the meantime they will be offering raw food demonstrations, workshops, retreats, talks and events to help educate and inspire people on the benefits of raw food.
If you haven't been to ORB cafe you can still go until 25th August between Thurs and Sunday 11am -6pm and Fri and Sat 11-9pm.
Try something new, you might like it!

