I really like how clean and organized this beauty supply place is, they are helpful here too.
I recommend it for your beauty needs.

I'm in love with this place!
WOW!
Accessories, make up, hair....All kinds!
hair products, hats, fancy ones and casual hats!
Earrings, head bands, flowers for your hair OHHHH MY!

Excellent customer service !
Love my hair extension purchase

A friend of mine had told me about this place, but didn't know the name.
My mom I spent almost an hour searching for this place, and am I glad we did.
When I walked in, I was expecting that awful scent that is often in the air of beauty supply stores.
Not hard to miss, but definitely not pleasing.
Surprisingly, just as I was about to suck in the last bit of fresh air for a while, I was shocked the hairs in my nose didn't curl up because the place didn't wreak!
In fact, the store is very organized, super clean and didn't wreak.
Staff were extremely helpful in pointing me to where items were located.
I even found a lotion that my family had used ever since I could remember, but was not found a little after we moved out here.
Totally a pleasant surprise coming here.
I will definitely be back in the future for hair care products.

Another successful Yelp recommendation!
Great selection, friendly knowledgeable staff, good prices and clean organized store.
The staff wereas truly awesome and so helpful.
Highly recommend!

This was my first time buying my own hair for extensions and walking in I was immediately intimated by all the choices, this place is huge.
The two staff members that helped me were so nice and helpful it was such an easy process.
They showed me a couple different options with different prices and went over each one, and the brand that was recommended wasn't the most expensive choice we picked.
I love the hair I got and will definitely be coming back if I need to buy hair in the future.

Found a beauty supply in Vegas that I like.
The prices can be a little higher compared to Nicole's but this one looks much nicer.
I like the layout and general feel of the place.
I like the white walls and lighting and how wide the aisles are.
They have a good selection of hair, products, and beauty.
Good nail selection.
They have braiding hair but not the one for $1.
I asked for samples and was allowed to get whatever I wanted which I thought was nice.
I was able to get conditioner as a sample instead of having to buy it.
I wasn't offered the free samples at Nicole's, and when I asked they just showed me where the sample packs for me to buy.
What I appreciate the most was having people who could help me and relate.
If you're in a black beauty supply I need someone who knows what they're talking about because they do it.
Having black employees to give advice is perfect.
She gave me product recommendations and I just felt they were more legit.
Keep up the good work, I'll definitely be back!

Best customer service in town, Thank you Rosa, such a great customer service provided by you, highly recommended place.
Clean, full of great inventory, maybe lightning should be a little better, Thanks.

All ethnicities can shop this store, which is a plus because most others cater to a certain demographic.
You can get lost in this store.
It is huge!
Large selection.
You can buy hair, makeup, costume jewelry, etc.
I didn't buy any hair from here on this trip so I cannot say if it is quality or not.The staff was friendly enough.
The store is very clean compared to other beauty supply stores.
One thing that was weird to me was a customer in front of me having to pay $1 for a wig cap to try on wigs.
I'm new to the area and where I am from the cap is complimentary.
Also, more people to work with customers would be helpful seeing how large the store is.

Very RUDE and unprofessional, if I could give them a lower rating I would.
I was here with my wife on 6-6-14 around noon, she was looking at a wig one of the employees came up to her and SNATCHED it from her hands,  as if my wife had took it from her own head.
And told her "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU CANT DO THAT" The worst part is that one of the owners was squatting on the floor right next to us on his phone, and didn't say a word.
Word of advice to the owner and the rude employee.
Owner- Hire better trained employees that don't mind helping their customers or simply get RID of the bad ones like this rude female.
Rude Employee- maybe you should look for a different JOB that doesn't require for you to interact with others!

Vast variety of beauty and hair supplies.
For ethnic, hair professionals and woman across the board.
Reasonable, clean, friendly staff.
But NO REFUNDS!

