It was a typical J-Ra Tourist Day when I made one of the most wonderful of discoveries.
Strolling up the Royal Mile, my attention was caught by some attractive looking flats down Fishmarket Close.
I ventured down the way for a closer look and that's when I spotted it in all it's blink-and-you'll-miss-it, Secret Arcade-esque glory.
Situated at the bottom of said flats, and halfway between the Royal Mile and the Cowgate, Michael Neave Kitchen and Whisky Bar looks to be one of those best kept secrets of Edinburgh.
Hadn't heard so much as a mutter about this place, and not even on Yelp yet only strengthened the allure.
After a quick glance at the online menu it was decided.
I had to explore this beast.
Specialising in British-Fusion cuisine with a heavy fine-dining vibe, I imagine Michael Neave will be a name that'll be bouncing around Edinburgh fairly soon.
They offer a plentiful array of menus to suit the time of day or even the week, examples being their Mon-Fri Express Lunch Menu which offers an easy selection of 3 starts, mains and desserts, all of reasonable size in order to deliver and devour quickly for those on the go.
The lunch menu on Saturdays however are bit meatier and it was this set-priced menu that we decided to partake in.
£12 for two courses or £17 for three seemed too good to snub.
For my part I chose a starter and main, while Steph went for a main and dessert.
Before all that we were given some of the best complimentary bread I've experienced.
Lovely soft and just warm enough to melt the butter, the size was perfect.... well I say that but we did ask for another basket.
It was awesome!
The restaurant is split into two, the dining area downstairs with a pre-dinner type bar on the ground floor.
On arrival we were offered a drink and seat in the bar before eating, which we politely declined, but I was impressed by the manner of the staff and the general idea.
I can see this working well on busier evenings when tables are running over.
At our table I did have an Amaretto Sour (sans egg white - yeuch!
) to see what thei mixologist was capable of, and he didn't disappoint.
Very nice.
Their cocktail menu is a mix of safe favourites with a couple of tasty=sounding newbies thrown in to mix it up a bit.
The staff were friendly, chatty and polite, although I must say I'm not a fan of waiters coming over mid-meal and asking how things are; I'll complain if it's not good so they don't need to ask.
Bit too formal a touch but I can forgive them this as  A) to look at the place I would expect this treatment, and B) the food was just too terrific for me to care about that.
For starter I chose the Sea Bass with Avocado and Tomato Salsa, a lovely blend of hot and cold, the skin was crisped nicely on top and the meat was succulent and tasty.
Not something I'd always choose but ultimately I was glad I decided to go for something outwith my usual taste.
Mains saw Steph go for the Tomato and Green Pepper Gnocchi in Cream Sauce and I couldn't see past the Pigeon and Venison Casserole with Dumplings from the moment I logged into their website.
The casserole was spot on, the pigeon fantastic and the venison plentiful, a touch dry in spots but they were outweighed by the better bits and there was so much of it that all was forgiven.
The gnocchi also was pretty good and if there wasn't so much delectable meat on the menu I might have even chose this now knowing how good it is.
One thing of particular note was the vegetarian options Michael Neave had on offer.
Not that I take note of that sort of thing but definitely the best menu I've seen recently for veggies fine dining.
Steph's dessert was a cracker.
Chocolate and Cranberry Brownie with Bourbon Marmalade Ice Cream, the latter of which just so happened to have been made up fresh a few minutes before by the creative chef, which our waiter asked if we would care to try.
The brownie was ridiculously crumbly, just warm enough and oh so chocolatey.
And the ice cream.... SOOO boozy, it was wicked.
Although it did lose it's flavour after a couple of mouthfuls, those first couple of spoons were very memorable.
Looking at their ala carte menu it's safe to say I'll be back.
The chefs have spent a lot of time and effort creating some original gems here, it would be rude not to take them up on the delights they are offering here,  Recommended.
Get there before the word gets out!

I'm editing rather than updating this review because it's a good review and I was proud of it... so I didn't want you passing by THIS review for a shoddy version of it just to give this place one more star.
So below find my first review and here I will make only one additional comment:  The gnocci here would make my Italian grandmother pee herself with happiness.
They are what gnocci should be.
The Butternut Squash Gnocci was BY and FAR the best vegetarian meal I have had in Edinburgh...
This is not to lessen the impressiveness  the standards there is a FINE selection of meals that I love dearly here.
But not ONE came EVEN CLOSE.
Michael... if you are looking for a wife.
I maybe could be single.
-------------------  Joe occasionally forces me to see the finer things in life, and I like to think that I contribute a little to his love for the large array of Brass Monkey-like establishments in the city.
Today was Joe's day to introduce me to some fine eating (dining?).
Apparently Mr. Neave is some sort of freakish savant who is ten and a half years old running this very cool, very chic eatery on/off the Royal Mile.
Blink and you'll miss it or ignore it for its annoyingly prime location with way too many tourist traps around.
But this place is a GEM.
You walk in and the two adorable waiters/hosts, impeccably dressed I might add, are there to meet and greet.
The bar is cool, definitely a place I would enjoy an overly expensive cocktail whilst a date and I wait for our table (if he's paying... if not, I'll have the beer).
Then we go downstairs and on the table there are some of my favorite flowers on the table... (which I have only recently realized I don't know the name of).
The food.
The one star loss is simply for the completely irrational idea that we needed BOTTLED STILL WATER.
For real?
We're in Scotland!
That shit comes off frozen peaks of the Pentlands - I don't want bottled water, the tap is fine.
Now the good stuff.
And I am a picky jerk when it comes to fancy restaurants because well, I don't really eat meat... and when you don't really eat meat at a nice restaurant (I'm talking to you MARK GREENAWAY AND STOCKBRIDGE (see my other reviews)) you get treated like a SECOND CLASS CITIZEN in this city.
Oh but not here.
Michael the freakish savant loves vegetarians.
He even loves us pescatarians more.
And there were A GAZILLION THINGS on the menu I could eat!
I was in fancy shit heaven.
I opted for the tomato and green pepper gnocci which, let me tell you, my Italian grandma, dead or not, would agree that this dude knows how to cook him some potato pasta.
I'm going to make a statement where the word LITERALLY (as Joe would be proud of) is used correctly.
This gnocci was LITERALLY the most well made gnocci I have ever in my whole life tasted and I have been to Italy, my family is Italian-American and I have had a very handsome Italian man make me a bowl and then do romantic and slightly filthy things to me and STILL...
STILL... Michael, your gnocci wins.
Hands down.
Then there was the cranberry brownie and that was OBVIOUSLY awesome cause it's a brownie and there's cranberries in it.
But the winner was the bread.
As always, true to my American Ethnicity... the free bread made my life better.
Thank you Joe for showing me the way, both literally and figuratively.

Three vistis in 6 days says it all really.
Why the fifth star?
Monday to Friday sees Michael Neave lay on an Express Lunch Menu for those on the go.
The idea is simple: set menu of 3 starters and 3 mains to choose from, with a set dessert of Chocolate and Cranberry Brownie with coffee and a scoop of the Ice Cream of the Day.
'Very good', I hear you cry, 'but why the fifth star?
'  The dishes are fairly straightforward in order for those in a rush to come, eat and go in an efficient fashion.
Although they may be straightforward, that doesn't mean in any way that the courses aren't of an extremely high standard.
This is fine dining after all.
So I've been lucky enough to sample this Express Lunch Menu twice this week:  Wednesday Starter - Ham Hough with Melba Toast and Fig Chutney Main - Roasted Venison Rump with Crushed Potatoes and Onion Dessert - Brownie with Whisky Ice Cream  Friday Starter - Game Terrine with fruit chutney Main - Baked Salmon with a Smoked Fish Chowder Dessert - Brownie with Vanilla Ice Cream  Two amazingly delectable meals.
'Indeed, Joe, very good But why the fifth star...?
'  As if the above isn't already enough, the fifth star is awarded because of this:  £8 for said 3 course menu, inclusive of coffee....!
Food of this quality is virtually impossible to find at this price.
In fact I defy anyone to find somewhere that rivals this.
Every time I go here for the Express Lunch I feel like I'm robbing Michael Neave, to the point where I'll order a cocktail or a drink just to ramp the bill up a little.
It's ridiculous in the most amazing way ever.
Said it before (see Los Cardos, see Oink, see Mosque Kitchen) and I'll say it again; the simple ideas are always the best.

I loved this place!
In meeting a girlfriend for a boozy lunch, I picked Michael Neave due to the great reviews from Joe A and Steph D. I wasn't disappointed.
They sold the place well and accurately!
Their sat lunch set menu was £11.95 for 2 courses or £14.
95 for 3.
What a bargain!
Only another 3 bucks for a yummy dessert!
However....
In true 'Laura and Elaine' style we ended up choosing from the al a carte, the steak just too tempting an option for me to pass up.
My olive and mull cheddar tart was divine as were the tiny, warm homemade sun dried tomato bread rolls (I asked for more... Well I WAS hungover!!
) which were served with your own individual serving of butter.
Yum.
Elaine's pigeon breast with smoky bacon also went down a storm.
I had a taste and the thick lardons of bacon were delish and really made a difference.
My steak was tasty, I asked for medium well and although it was slightly done a little more well, i really didn't mind.
It was seasoned beautifully but simply, the right mix of saltiness and spice.
The fondant potato that came with it could have gone wrong (as they so often do) but it was perfect!
Soft fluffy potato.
It soaked up the nice bottle of French white wine we had nicely.
Dessert.
Well.
This was a slight let down but before I continue, they redeemed themselves more than I could have expected so I'm not marking them down.
I chose sticky toffee pudding which I'd spied immediately upon first seeing the menu and it didn't matter what else I was eating I WAS HAVING THAT PUDDING!!
So....It did look lovely but it had a funny taste which I couldn't place... Kind of doughy, like it wasn't cooked properly.
Gutted.com!
For once the waiter was nowhere to be seen so it sat uneaten for about 15 mins before he came back into the restaurant.
I explained I didn't like the taste - was this a problem for them?
No!
He immediately apologised and I was offered something else.
I chose the pistachio and elderflower parfait which was lovely, tart and creamy.
Another 2 glasses of wine and some coffee and we were ready to leave.
Upon presenting the bill the waiter said BOTH desserts and BOTH glasses of wine were on the house with the apologies from the chef!!
This goes to show, it's not about the mistake, it's how it's rectified!
The shame was the place was empty.
On a sat afternoon!
I know they are trying to build up custom slowly but they do deserve to be busy...
So go forth my yelpers and scoff some of the highest quality food and experience some of the best service in Edinburgh!
I just really hope they don't let their current standards slip like so many restaurants do...

As others have suggested, this place is an absolute gem.
We've now visited for both their lunch and evening menus, and both were excellent.
The £7.95 three-course lunch deal is quite unbelievable value - I can't think of better lunchtime value anywhere in the city.
The message is pretty clear: go soon, and go often.
Overall, we said: "Michael Neave was extremely impressive.
The place has style and class aplenty, and the seasonally changing menu offers well-executed, imaginative dishes, grounded in showcasing locally sourced produce.
I look forward to my next visit.

I'd heard a lot about Michael Neave.
Especially his £7.95 express lunch menu.
I share similar tastes to my dining companions on the day too; and know that it had been highly rated in the past.
And whilst my meal was nice, it didn't knock my socks off or even make my toes tingle a little bit.
£7.95 for 3 courses is a fantastic deal, especially considering MN is going for fine dining.
I had the venison terrine, beef and then we all had the brownie as dessert.
The terrine was lacking flavour.
It was a nice portion size, and I did eat it all; but having just had venison and chilli the night before at a deli in Glasgow that I can still taste, this was quite bland.
A few bit of chewy fat in there too.
The beef was a little dry and chewy in parts.
Not a cut that would lend itself to being medium rare, and the sauce gave it flavour.
An ample serving too.
Again, however, the side of new potatoes with some butter needed a lot of pepper and seasoning.
I rarely season, if ever, and never with salt unless it's a few crystals of Maldon sea salt.
So to have to add pepper to my potatoes, and wish I'd done the same to the venison, just wasn't great.
The brownie, with cherries, was rich and stodgy and mainly tasting of cocoa.
Nice, again, but not a touch on the Peter's Yard chocolate and cheesecake brownie; or the Peppers brownies; or, well, a lot of other brownies I've had.
So overall this was a perfectly fine meal, and I can't sniff at the good value.
But given I could pay a tad more for a really exceptional meal means I probably will.
I'm hoping I got it on an off day.
Laura D, Joe A and Blythe R all rate it 5 stars, and I know that none of them give out 5 star reviews lightly.
But I can't see myself, off of the quality of a £7.95 express lunch, coming back here to spend full price on an evening meal - and surely thats the point of such fantastic offers?
But all the same, I had a very enjoyable lunchtime with wonderful company.
And the service was friendly, attentive yet chilled out.

Excellent meal from a very talented chef and team.
Creative appetizers of wood pigeon and apricot ravioli were great.
We both had fish for our main, sea bass and cod, prepared very well.
Nice local ingredients featured.
We didn't have desert, but the complimentary chocolates were wonderful.

