What a great place for a green chili burrito.
Nice amount of heat and meat.
Be careful it comes out hot.
The tacos are great.
Deep fried shell goodness.
Also bring CASH ONLY note hours 11-6 Mon-Fri and Sat 10-5.
Sunday and Monday closed.
If your driving on Reems just remember it is in the same shopping center as Church's Chicken.
This is my new fresh taco place and green chili burritos.
Tacos come in at 3 bucks and the burritos are from 3.45 to 5.85.
Try it out you will be thanking me later.
Enjoy

I have to agree with Mr. Floyd green chili burrito is fantastic!!
Great service ask for marissa she will give you service with a smile :)

I can't speak to too many items on the menu since I haven't tried that many.
Usually when I find something that I like, I stick to it.
I tried the fried taco.
I really did enjoy it, so I ordered another one.
This is a small place good for lunch.
Good service too.

Best burros, ever!
Had the green chili burro, enchilada style with green sauce and the bean burro enchilada style with red sauce.
AWESOME.
The family vibe was even better!
Marissa, is very welcoming and kind.!
It will be my weekly stop!
I'm serious!
The Munoz family has proven how good they are by their success of Rito's in Central Phoenix.
We are so lucky they have brought their good stuff to the west valley!

Excellent Burrito.
Rice and beans for me usually end up in the trash but there's a reason you pay for them here: they are damn tasty.

Some of the best chimichangas to date!
This is the 2nd location to open up on this family owned restaurant.
I think the other location, the original one, is downtown.
There is only the beef option available on their chimis, which really surprised me that there wasn't chicken available too.
However, once I took a bite of the gigantic chimichanga, I realized why they don't have more than one option.
Why mess up "perfection?
"  Definitely come here and try the chimis here.
They are delicious.
The flavorful red and green salsas are wonderful as well!
I believe there are burritos here too, so I will try one of those next time.
Or then again, maybe I'll just choose the chimi again, because I'd regret not getting one.
If you meet the owner, it's great speaking with him, because you can really tell he and his wife love cooking and they really take pride in the results and it shows in the memorable combination of bold and spicy flavors.

Great steak burros and tacos!
The taco shells are fried just right- lightly!
Consistently good food with great customer service!

The only reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because I can't give it 6.
I tried Rito's today for the first time and I am extremely impressed.
I got a chimichanga with a side of rice and beans.
The beans are hands down the best restaurant refried beans I've ever had.
The rice was nice and flavorful and the chimichanga....oh the chimichanga...so delicious that I couldn't stop eating it even when my tummy said no more please.
Luckily I live a bit of a distance away from this place or else I'd spend way too much money here.
The prices are a little steep to me, but definitely worth it.

Hands down my favorite Mexican food in Surprise!
I love it so much I usually eat here about twice a week.
You won't find better Mexican food in the area.
I love the beef tacos and my new fav is the rice & bean burrito enchilada style.
There hours are short and they close early so you'll need to plan ahead for dinner.
However, if you live in Surprise and haven't tried Ritos yet you're missing out!

Yummy!
Richie and Helen are cooking up fantastic authentic Mexican food with flavor and love!
I've been so sick of those, "We don't love you, food chain restaurants, ie: Chipolte, ect..."  I googled, "Best authentic Mexican food in Surprise, AZ," and found some great reviews for Rito's.
I went there today and had the green chili burrito, enchilada style with a side of beans and rice.
Yummylicious!
It was good, "mom loves you," food.
And don't be a bitch because they charge separately for a side of rice and beans--I work in a restaurant and I see all you carb haters not eating your rice and bean.
The rice and beans are both made from scratch and well worth paying the extra dollar for.
You will love this food.
And don't forget to say thank you to Helen and Richie.

Great green chili burros.
I am addicted.
The taco's have fresh made taco shells and shredded beef.
The only downside is they need to stay open later.

Yay!
Today was my birthday and I drove 100 miles to see Helen and Richie for the best Authentic Mexican food ever!
This is the best food love ever!
I had the green chili burrito, enchilada style, with rice and beans and it was fantastic!
Full of flavor and texture and most of all Love!
This is a true ma and pa place.
Ma does all the cooking and Pa tries to do the rest.
Go see them, you won't be disappointed.
Thanks Helen and Richie.

Great food loved the green chili burrito and beans were awesome.
Wife had the beef tacos with guacamole which I also tasted and thought it was pretty good.....wife said it was okay?
The folks there are very friendly and attentive.
My only gripe is the pricing......WOW!!!
Tacos were like $2.80 a piece and nothing else, beans and rice are a la carte and not cheap either.
The burrito was also about $6 dollars.......as good as it is its still just a burrito.
So if you don't mind paying inflated prices for good food this is your place.
I will probably return when I get the 2nd mortgage on the house

Had to try this place when we noticed it up in Surprise last week.
Sunday and Monday closed so we had to come back!!
Growing up on Colorado green chili verde has made it very hard to find anything close (Santiago's!!
)  I ordered a green chili burrito 'smothered' but wanted beans and beef inside.
Not really sure what I got but there was only beans and green chili inside.
I did pay just over $10 so I got charged but didn't get what I ordered.
Should have been $8.40 according to the menu.
With that said, it was very good, lots of pork and a generous amount of chili on the outside.
Cheese and lettuce made it great.
Wish there was a hotter option but by far the best chili I have had anywhere all over Southern California and Arizona since I moved 8 years ago.
Will definitely be back :)

I will make this review short.
Riots is very clean, customer service is awesome, the food is amazing best in Phoenix area!
Everything on the menu is so good!

I think the prices are too high for what you get.
Two people having two tacos, two green chili enchiladas and two bottled waters for $18.00?
No beans, no rice just a little (very little) lettuce no chips and salsa.
The flavor was very good but, come on, you can have a heck of a lunch for $18.00 most anywhere and they'll give you free water.
We would have had iced tea but it was bottled also.
I won't be going back.

Always excellent amazing burritos and chimis.
Beans and rice are also perfect.
You won't go wrong.
Better than any fast food Mexican restaurant around.

I really really wanted to like this place, even gave it a second chance after not being impressed the first time .
The green chili is really good, I'll give them that.
The red chili is just ok. My daughter wanted just a plain bean burro with no cheese.
We'll I guess that they use cheese as a filler in their beans and it also thickens them up .
They were nice enough to make one without cheese and it was just a runny mess !
My daughter didn't like it so I finished it for her and wasn't impressed at all.
I had a red burro enchilada style, daughter had plain bean burro and I had a can of Dr pepper .
It was $18 !!
This is my biggest complaint, way too expensive.
I won't be going back here , next time we have a craving for burros we'll just go a few miles further to Carolina's , it blows them away on quality and price

Today I walked into Rito's with high hopes because of the great reviews unfortunately for them those high hopes came with high expectations.
Those expectations were not met,  don't get me wrong the food wasn't bad it was average to slightly above average.
I feel as though if you grew up on their enchilada sauce you would think it was the best around, but from an outsider's perspective I didn't see what all the fuss was about.
Worth stopping at if you happen to be in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
On a better note I almost gave Rito's a 4 star rating because the staff was so friendly and nice.
With so much high quality Mexican food in the Southwest United States this is a can miss restaurant, very nice people and I wish them the best.

OMG!!!!!
The food here is amazing!!
If you have been looking for or craving REAL Mexican Food Rito's is the place!!
They have the best tacos, beans, and rice!!!
They also have green chile, and red chile and can turn those into enchilada styles, chimichangas, plus more!!!
I recommend to try something different each visit you will not be disappointed!!!

Ok, where to start.
Drinks over priced, they offer cans and bottles of soda.
20oz coke 2$.
They obviously are restaurant rookies not being able to recognize the ability to make money off of a fountain machine.
I ordered a green chili beef burrito with beans inside.
Horrible!
First of all the burrito was like a water balloon,  NO Lie!
I took 2 bites of salty water put it down and almost the entire burrito emptied on to the plate.
The green chili was almost non existent.
The beef was void of any flavor and had a color close to white.
Salsa was something like a cross of spaghetti sauce and ketchup.
Do you want any salsa, hot sauce, spice with you food?
Me too...  :-(  Save your money and time unless of course you want to waste them.
Oh, beside my wife, NO Mexican folks were seen anywhere, but plenty of 50-60's aged white folk enjoying the place.

I tried the green chili chimi, Very good food, I am glad you are in Surprise....not many Mexican food places available, especially with down home owners like yourselves.
I will be back with my husband who will try one of everything I am sure.

The best Mexican food I've eaten at a restaurant.
It's as close to authentic Mexican food as you can get.
AMAZING...
It's the same food as the downtown location.
Even the enchilada sauce is authentic and homemade, not that canned stuff you get at other restaurants.

I don't get this place.
As it was my first time in there, I like to ask the employees what they recommend.
They recommended their green chili burro.
OK, I'm game for anything.
Once it arrived, I was unimpressed.
It already had lots of "juice" (water?
) leaking out of it.
I asked if they had hot sauce, and they said they did, for .75 - Ummmmmm, seriously?
A Mexican place that charges for salsa?
Well, I had to get it just to give the thing some sort of flavor!
It didn't help much.
I also asked for salt, which they said they didn't currently have, well that could explain some of the lack of flavor!
At the time I was there they were only accepting cash, which I told them I attempted to come in prior to that visit, but had no cash on me.
For what I got, I thought it was overpriced, and bland.
I haven't been back for awhile, but with the hit and miss reviews, it doesn't look like I'll be rushing back anytime soon either.

Great food and super friendly staff .... Not a large dining room so we were lucky to get table.
Fast service from order to food delivery ... Green sauce very hot ... Order 2 drinks!

Needed some quick food tonight and found this place on Yelp.
Closes at 6 on weekdays so I had to rush over there to get take-out.
No combinations, everything is a la carte and it can get pricey.
The beef tacos were very tasty, the rice was also good, but not a fan of the beans.
Almost soup-like texture and I prefer a whole pinto bean style.
They seem to make everything from scratch so they might not have everything still available at the end of the day.
I definitely want to try this place again now that I know the in's and out's of it a little better.

This was just recommended to me by Nadya at Surprise Mini Storage.
This is the best and Very friendly.
Fair prices, excellent food.
I will be back.

Excellent Chimichanga, Great Customer Service and Very Clean.

It's sad.
I've been a loyal customer of Rito's Burritos since the Original on Garfield st.
Since then I've been excited when they opened a location closer to me, the Orangewood location.
When I tried that location it was like I was eating the same quality as the original.
Now when this location opened, just a little closer to me, I was excited, thinking I'd get fat from visiting too much.
That worry was soon solved as I took my first bite into their burros.
It's missing a lot.
First off, the chile is really thick, although this wouldn't be too bad a thing it's too obvious.
It's clearly thickened with flour, because my mouth still feels gritty from eating it.
There was so much flour that it was half the flavor of the burro.
Second, if that wasn't enough flour for you.
The burro is wrapped in a very thick tortilla, unlike their other locations which have a great balance of chile (and thickness), as well as the thickness of their tortillas.
I had high hopes for you guys but you let me down.
To those who read this, don't be discouraged about Rito's.
Their original and Orangewood locations still deliver the goods.

The green chile burrito is just simply incredible it has the perfect heat and quality green chile goodness that anyone is searching for in any kind of Mexican cuisine  Next the tacos are by far one the hidden gems that I discovered in this awesome reatraunt, the shredded beef  is just full of flavor and the salsa that comes with it is just as incredible!
And today I discovered a new but very simple burrito which I by all respects think is Truly underrated is the bean and cheese burrito but deep-fried it reminded me of what mama used to make me when i was a kid!!!
Lastly let me point out something: to the douche bag who gave this awesome little Mexican joint a 1 star your an idiot, you don't know shit about Mexican food, the green chile burrito is amazing and the chile inside is robust and full of flavor, and to complain that all of gravy from the burrito burst out of the burrito is just plain stupid, and then to go on to say that no Mexicans go there, well dumbass I'm Mexican and I show up there all the damn time and so does my other Mexican friends and they may not have a stupid fountain machine but what they got is passion and heart for really truly authentic Mexican cuisine

Great clean little place, this is now my go to for Mexican food.
I got a chimi, and it was amazing.
Everything was fresh and made to order, can't really ask for anything more.

Cleanest burrito shop in the valley!!!
Truly a mom and pop operation.
Richie and his wife are awesome!
If you are hungry, ask for the firehouse 302 special.
Rice, beans, green, and cheese.
It's not on the menu... yet.
:)  Thanks Richie... we'll see you soon!

After a Valentine's Day debacle headed up to Anita's in Wickenburg, we decided to try this place.
The Green Chimichanga is ridiculously good.
Tasty, flavorful and not over-fried.
Friendly people, friendly service, good homemade Mexican.
Will definitely head up here again.

This is by far my favorite burrito spot in Arizona.
The ownership is awesome, and they remember our names every time we go in.
My wife and I love ordering green chili burritos with green sauce, the food was hot and made fresh .
Last time I was in Richie said it the best if you want gristle and fat in your burrito go to filibertos!

The folks who complain about this place obviously don't know real Mexican food and they must eat at a lot of chains.
Ritos is awesome eat there at least once a week!
Great family owned Resturant with traditional cooking!
Go see for yourself and be your own judge!

Excellent food, the service is excellent,  mmmmmm delicious try the chimichangas red or green ridiculously good & this place is very clean A+.
Will be back here for sure they cook everything fresh so dont mind waiting a bit :-)

Ridiculously delicious!
Tried the chips and hot sauce and guacamole.
Perfection.
Ate the bean and green chimichanga for lunch.
So good.
The best part of this place is the owner.
He's extremely personable.
If I didn't live halfway across the valley, I'd be here every day.

Surprise is lucky to have such a place as this for something other than Mexican chain-food.
The owner "gets" customer service too.
I enjoyed the Green Chile Burro, enchilada style and Spanish rice.
Good flavor and good quantity.
I don't drink sodas but I'm sure this place would do better with fountain.

Not too impressed with this place.
First of all, the prices are too high.
$3.60 for a taco that has guacamole?
And for the amount of guacamole I did get, I can't believe I had to pay extra for it.
The menu was incredibly limited.
Other than beef, they offered no chicken or shrimp dishes.
Very odd.
And no fountain drinks.
And they were slow.
Don't believe all the 5 star reviews.

Love Love this place GREAT Food I had the Green Chili Burro Enchiliada the best.
I meet the owners wonderful people.
Must go you will love it...I will  be back!

I've been back twice now.
The first time I ordered the Chimichanga green with beans.
Muey delicious!!
The second visit I ordered the same enchilada style.
Oh my gosh!
The best chimi ever!!
The only problem is they close at 6 pm on weekdays.
It's difficult o get there by six.

Best Mexican food in Surprise!
Best beans and rice I've ever had!
Owners are very personable and nice.
Will always be a loyal customer ;)

Ever since I moved to Arizona years ago, I have been desperate to find great Mexican food in the West Valley.
When I tried Rito's, my search was over.
This is where you get great Mexican food in the West Valley.
I've gone multiple times and never been disappointed.
Everything you eat here tastes fresh and fantastic.
Burros, Enchiladas, Tacos...they are all great.
As far as the portion size, the enchilada style burritos are huge.
Ive never left the place hungry.The beans are probably the best refried beans I have ever tasted, the rice is cooked perfectly and the enchilada sauce is better than any place in AZ.
The food is cooked fresh, so sometimes there is some waiting for your food, but if you don't want to wait you can always call your order in first or drive thru taco bell.
I know they don't have the best hours, but they could be open for an hour a day at 3 AM and I would find a way to get there.
In short, eat here.
Nothing in Surprise comes close.

Best freshest Mexican food in surprise and I've tried them all I've eaten at all the ritos in town 51 ave 14th st  it's nice to have one this far west great tacos and enchiladas rice and beans

Love the tacos and green chili and the taco salad !!
Love the owners !!
Nice family owned place with good food !!
Just wish they had combo plates for customers on lunch break:)

If you are looking for some great Mexican food then this is the place.
It's pretty small inside and no bells and whistles.. Just some extremely good Mexican food.
This is up there with Carolina's.
I had the green and bean burrito enchilada style.
The tortillas are great and remind me of my grandmas.
The enchilada sauce is fantastic great flavor.
The green chili was insanely good and had just enough spice, and again full of flavor.
The rice was very good as are the beans.
The salsa was ok.  Not hot enough for me but I like it so hot that you need to call the fire truck  to extinguish my mouth

Best Mexican food I have had since ad the bean and cheese burrito and a cheese tostada.
Sooooo good.
Salsa was fresh and tasty.
Everything was hot and tasty.
We have now found our favorite Mexican restaurant.
Plus the owner was fantastic!

Excellent food.
More cost than fast food but you get what you pay for.
Best Mexican cuisine in the West Valley I can find.
Portions are large.
The burrito enchilada style could probably feed 2.
It is small (15 chairs) so take home is probably best.
Get the green chili... it is sweet and spicy and worth every bite.

FINALLY!
I FINALLY found some amazing NM style mexican food!
This is the real deal here.
There's only a few tables & nothing is pre-made so each order takes a bit of time so be prepared for a bit of a wait.
I ordered the beef green chile burrito smothered with green chile & a side of guacamole, husband ordered a bean burrito & chips & salsa.
I was floored when I saw the size of our burritos but even more stoked when I took my first bite...AMAZING!
So flavorful & delicious.
These are not your normal burritos that you can just eat out of the foil, these are more like "fork & knife on a plate" kind of burritos.
They are jam packed with filling & ooze out of both ends.
The guacamole was the perfect side for my burrito.
I can't wait to come back & try their chimichangas, they looked deeeelish.
Only downfall, the hours stink!
11-5 & closed on Sunday & Mondays...boo!

I figured with all the good reviews that I would love this place.
I was wrong.
I ordered the chile green and red burritos, one of each just in case I didn't like the other.
Both tasted pretty nasty to me.
I was hoping it would have at least a semi authentic taste, but the meat tasted as if it came from a can, and not off the bone.
I could only stomach about 3 bites of each.

Being a native Arizonan, I grew up eating honest to goodness fresh made mexican food.
This is the place for it.
Outstanding burros, enchiladas and tacos.
In my opinion none better in Surprise.
Richie, the owner is a real people person.
Knows my name and greets me by it when I walk in the door.
He treats my 7 year old son like royalty too .
It is spicier than other establishments, but if you're ok with that, then you should try this restaurant.
Mostly for take out, only a few cafeteria style tables, so don't plan an intimate sit down meal here.
Their hours are limited, only open until 6PM M- F and 5PM Sat so plan accordingly.
Once you eat here you wont be back to the local chain a mile North of here.

