I've been to Ryu Sushi two times with my family since they opened, and both times we've all shared a pleasant evening.
It may be because the nights we went were a bit slower, but we had great experiences nonetheless.
The food was fantastic and the portions were just enough.
I've been to some places where the size of the steak or vegetables were unsatisfying, but this place did just great!
I ordered the fish katsu and oh my goodness, the orange colored looking sauce is just fantastic.
As for their sushi, I recommend the scallop dynamite and their Las Vegas roll - It's not your typical eel sauce on top, I believe it's some sort of sweet tangy 'n spicy sort of sauce.
As for the service, we were seated right away and everything else went smoothly.
The only complaint I have is that it took awhile to get our bill...
The owner personally came by to talk to us too and was very friendly.
I will definitely be coming in more often

So happy to see familiar faces after Way Sushi closed.
The sushi is fresh and the specialty roll menu original and delicious (the surf and turf is the BEST).
Will be our new go to..

I can honestly say that the spicy tuna roll I had from Ryu is the best in the East valley!

We wanted to try Ryu since we live in the neighborhood!
We were seated promptly and placed our orders.
The atmosphere was very nice, fairly upscale for being in a shopping center.
We went on a Sunday evening and it wasn't that busy.
We had our own teppanyaki grill as the few others had full tables.
Our appetizers were served quickly.
Both were good (edamame and egg rolls) although fairly small serving size.
The soup and salad were what you expect from teppanyaki, both were average.
The reason I can't give it 5 stars was how long we waited for the chef to come over and do the cooking of the entrees.
After about 30 minutes another couple came in and were seated with us...about 15 mins after they sat down we finally got a chef.
He was entertaining and had a few new tricks we hadn't seen before.
My FAVORITE aspect of the restaurant, which will DEFINITELY have me going back is that they serve SHRIMP SAUCE!!!
I'm from back east and ALL teppanyaki places (even Benihana) serve 3 sauces...the mustard, the soy/ginger and a shrimp suace.
I've been in AZ for 11 years and have tried numerous teppanyaki places and NO ONE here serves shrimp sauce, just the mustard and soy/ginger.
I never really got too excited about teppanyaki because of the lack of shrimp sauce (it's my favorite of the 3) so to see this made the whole experience that much better!.
There is nothing like shrimp sauce on the fried rice (SO SO GOOD!!).
So for all you native Phoenicians or southwest folks who don't know what that light colored sauce is...put it on the rice, put it on everything...it's soooo yummy!
I'm so happy they serve it that even after waiting almost an hour for our chef to start cooking, I will most definitely be back to Ryu!!
My husband had the steak and it was cooked perfectly.
I had the chicken and it was good as well.
We both loved the fried rice, it was delicious as were the shrimp appetizer.
Our daughter ordered the noodle dish and it was good as well.
We did not try any sushi but those that we saw others had seemed to enjoy them.

My wife, her sister, and I went to Ryu late one Tuesday night for late night dinner/snacking.
The employees were super nice and seated us right away.
I think there was a party of two at one of the Teppanyaki tables and maybe two or three people at the sushi bar and beyond that, the restaurant was empty... but, like I said, it was late.
We ordered our beverages and soups.
The soups were savory and delicious.
I ordered gyoza and my wife and her sister each ordered soba with chicken.
The soba dishes were overly sweet and not at all what we were expecting, but they were still good.
The gyoza was perfect and exactly what I had expected.
They had mochi on the menu (which I am a huge mochi fan) and tempura fried ice cream.
We were excited and ordered one of each.
The server came back and said that they only had green tea mochi (which I do not like) so I canceled my mochi order.
Then the server came back and said they were out of tempura ice cream as well.
We were disappointed, but, again, it was very late so we understood.
The server was very apologetic about it and everything was fine.
We paid our bill and, as we were leaving, the manager (possibly owner) opened the door for us and apologized again for not having the desserts available.
We will definitely go back to Ryu and, even though there were a few issues, we know how restaurants work and completely understood - we weren't upset with our experience at all.

I will never go here again.
I moved into Gilbert Ranch and decided to order some take out for my daughter who came into town and loves sushi.
I ordered a sushi combo, Rolls and some kids meals.
They told me it would be ready in 20, I got there at 30 minutes and still had to wait 15 for it.
Upon returning home I was disgusted at what I just paid almost $70 for.
Lets start with the kids meals that were $8 each- the "fruit" that came with it was a slice of orange that was old- they forgot the soup, and the rice was hard.
What pissed me off the most is the sushi and rolls, the Rolls (Cali and Philly) were not even rolled tight- when you picked them up they fell apart.
they had practically nothing in them.
The sushi was old- I mean it was warm and had slime, the edges of the fish looked cooked (because of being old and not even close to fresh).
No one would even touch the sushi.
And to make matters worse- I just looked at my account and they put the credit card charge through twice!
I am calling them when they open today, lets see where that gets me.
I own my own business and deal with Sushi restaurants all the time- I don't know they could let a product like that go out.

This place is by far the best sushi in the valley and I've pretty much been to them all.
I was impressed at how fresh and flavorful their sushi was.
It was amazing.
I've eaten there in February, March & May.
Service was great.
Owner very friendly.
This is my new favorite sushi restaurant.

They make some really tasty and good looking sushi.
Try the chimichanga roll.

Very good Teppanyaki & Drinks!
We've tried it twice and really enjoyed it.
The service is very friendly, but not necessarily fast.

MUCH BETTER that the place it was before, Way Sushi  The rolls are creative and tasty... better than most places, and I eat at a lot of different sushi places in many different states.
The one area they could improve on is to have more rolls/items on their happy hour menu.

I love sushi and have been to many different sushi places.
Ryu is the best since the new ownership change.
Its good quality sushi and affordable prices.
The staff is always friendly and the service is great!

Great place to eat and a wonderful staff very helpful on helping you decide the correct dish for the best first experience of teppyanaki and did I mention it came with a show ?
It's a great place to relax with the family and an amazing experience would definitely recommend.
I will absolutely be coming back !

I don't dole praise for sushi restaurants easily.
My husband and I are our self-proclaimed sushi snobs and we are so grateful that we have Ryu so close to home for a quick and tasty sushi fix.
Specifically, we really enjoy the barbecued salmon roll, spicy tuna roll, veggie roll and sashimi.
The spicy tuna roll is what we use as a litmus test to judge if a sushi restaurant is good and worth a return visit.
It is and we continue to come back.
The staff is great.
Really great.
We can put away a lot of sushi and so we're grateful when the waitstaff doesn't make us feel bad for having good appetites.
The Ryu staff has always treated us respectfully and we're glad to see them when we stop by or pick up.
I highly recommend Ryu, especially for their sushi.

Not a good experience.
Came for dinner.
While we were just seated in the regular dining area, the smoke from the Teppan grill was horrible.
It lingered over us.
It didn't seem to ventilate.
We were seated at a table that was six inches from the wait station computer where the staff entered orders, congregated, argued, etc.
We ordered a dragon roll and nigiri.
Sushi was okay.
Chicken Katsu was nothing special.
Wished they had a bento box or combo for dinner.
We won't be back.

Went here for the first time because we usually always go to Osaka for teppan but we wanted to try something new.
I was disappointed by the portion sizes.
At Osaka when we pay the 7 dollar share charge we get huge portions of fried rice and veggies and only share the meat portions which are still huge.
Here we ordered filet and shrimp and only got 4 pieces of shrimp and tiny cubes of filet.
We each only got about 4 spoon sizes portions of fried rice.
The rice was bland, the shrimp was dry and rubbery.
Filet was delicious though.
My mom and I were still pretty hungry even though our bill came out to 45 bucks.
Calamari was delicious, if I came back I would probably pass on the teppan and just get sushi and calamari.
The teppan chef was not entertaining at all compared to osaka.
He only entertained the girl who was celebrating her birthday and didn't say one word to the rest of the table.
He a couple tricks but kept having to turn the vent and light on and off every time he did them so it got pretty smokey.
The service wasn't very great either.
We had to move tables and the server wanted us to stand and wait while she cleaned her dirty tables first....even though there were about 10 open and perfectly clean ones.
They only had one teppan chef working so I could imagine people getting frustrated with the wait.
I think ill stick to my usual teppan place.
Better food, better service, better portions.

My little kids (5 and 2) love teppanyaki but most places roll their eyes when we come in and don't even give us a chance.
Not here.
They were awesome with out kids, asked us to wait so they could seat us with folks that were compatible (which is great, cause I don't want to sit with some couple who is out to dinner to get away from their kids.
So, food good, staff good...all around a great experience.
Our go-to teppanyaki from now on.

Loved this place.
Great sushi, nice people, clean.
Fair prices and contemporary feel.
Definitely a must try for sushi lovers.

Visited for the first time for our anniversary lunch.
I was pleasantly surprised.
The service was quick, food good (especially the Caterpillar Roll and the Alaska Roll) and fresh.
My husband complained that the water tasted "funny" but I had soda and it was fine.
We'll go back!

I used to like this place.
My first bad experience her today was it took 30 minutes for our sushi to get on our table.
The sushi chef served a family that came in after us before making our order.
Very unprofessional!
I ordered a spicy beef ramen that was "ok".
The broth tasted generic.
The noodles were excellent.
I was done with my ramen before my husband received his sushi.
Very disappointed.
I don't want to return.

I have never loaded an App in a restaurant just to add a review.
This place is officially has the best Sushi roll in the valley.
You must try the Ryu Roll!
YUMMY!
I came here a while ago but it's under new management, has a new atmosphere and signature dishes.
I'll be telling all my friends about it!

A must try!
Yummy, friendly and affordable.
Love, love, LOVE this place.
Every single server has been super friendly and the sushi and sashimi is mouthwatering!
The Rainbow Roll never disappoints.
I am also impressed with the beer selection.
They have a rotation local brew and some classics as well.
Didn't care for the spicy tuna roll, but every other thing has been great.
My absolute favorite is the salmon sashimi.

Very friendly staff.
My friend and I went for lunch and to watch the game...
I met Andrew, he makes great sushi.
I tryed the deep fried bananas split for dessert.
Quite Incredible, you must try it.
One dessert is enough for two people.
I think I'll go back just for dessert, as soon as I find a date.
lol

OK i did a review for this place when it was called Way Sushi and that place SUCKED.
Now...this place is called RYU Sushi with new ownership and needless to say, my sushi experience there was one of the best I've had in the Gilbert area.
I went with a few of my girlfriends for GNO (girls night out) night and I was so surprised on how tasty everything was and every single time I took a bite I was just like "WOW, this is so goodddd!
"  Their specialty menu is what got to me.
All of them seemed so creative and delish!
The specialty rolls I ordered was the Boo Ya Ka Roll (My favorite), Surf & Turf, Chimichanga, Basil, and their Spicy Tuna Pokie Salad.
Everything was fresh and thoughtfully made.
The ingredients for some of their special sauces they used in some of their rolls were well balanced and made it flavorsome.
Their sushi rolls are pretty big too so it's definitely worth what you're paying for.
Oh, make sure to leave some room for dessert and try their Pizookie!
Yes...I said Pizookie!
I was surprised too when I heard this.
My girls and I killed it and when I went there again the 2nd time I took my bf and ordered the Pizookie as well and we devoured the deliciousness.
Ryu, also has great happy hour drinks or specialty drinks!
So that is also a plus!
Their customer service was beyond superior.
The lady owner there is super sweet and you could tell she really cares about her customers.
She takes the time to talk to every table and makes sure you are enjoying your experience at Ryu.
( I love customer service like this)   By the end of the night after 3-4 hours.
Our GNO night ended up to be a Food Coma night...LOL.
We were so full but happy full =)  I highly recommend this place for sushi!
I am planning to be a regular here not only b/c I want try everything they have on their menu but because they really truly do have great food.
Go see for yourself.

My husband and I were excited to try Ryu but were sadly disappointed.
We opted for sushi (not teppanyaki) based on the reviews.
It was still happy hour so we got four different rolls - NONE of which were special.
The sushi was subpar at best.
1 star was also for the TERRIBLE service.
The restaurant was pretty empty and the server was completely inattentive.
It was almost a joke.

We moved close to Ryu about two months ago and we could not be happier with the food, the service or the experience.
You can tell that John and the group that manages this restaurant truly care about the experience you have.
The sushi is some of the best I have ever had, which is not something I say lightly.
Having grown up in the bay area, I was exposed to some of the best fish the world has to offer.
Sitting down in Ryu for one of their masterfully created sushi dishes it is hard not to imagine that you aren't in downtown San Fran...
They are truly amazing artists.
The Teppanyaki experience is really amazing.
Whether its just for your family or you want to bring in business guests for something unique, you won't be disappointed.
The chefs are masters and your food will be as fresh, succulent as you could ever ask for.
You may have to wait sometimes for a seat, but sometimes the best things come with a little patience...

Really delicious food, and I can't wait to go back!
I'm surprised to see negative reviews on the service; our waitress couldn't have been nicer.
The only downside is the small parking lot.
It was completely full when we arrived, yet the restaurant was probably 3/4 empty.
Not a huge deal because the strip mall's surrounding parking lots offer plenty of spaces; you just have to walk a bit.
The nigiri was soft and buttery.
The rolls were good, but were not rolled tightly enough, so they fell apart when trying to eat them and I lost a lot of rice in my dish of soy sauce.
The gyoza was steamed and probably the best I've had in Gilbert.
(Interestingly though, the gyoza that came with the kids meal was fried and not nearly as good.
)  The edamame was served salty and piping hot - just like I like it!
At $8, the kids meals are probably the priciest kids meals I've ever seen, but they included salad, miso soup, your choice of entree, and ice cream, so they're still a pretty good value.

We tried Ryu as a spur-of-the-moment decision on New Year's Eve, and it did not disappoint.
The sushi was fresh, delicious, and high-quality -- we ordered classics like the dragon roll, spicy tuna + shrimp tempura, and nigiri (salmon and unagi).
The fish was cut generously with good proportions and value for the price.
Despite it being packed on a holiday night, the service was good and friendly, and our order came out in decent time.
The atmosphere and decor is warm and modern, not cold the way some sushi/Japanese places are.
I look forward to trying more of their rolls (the Lovers roll and Surf & Turf both look tempting) and checking out the happy hour, which we were told is 5-7pm, Mon-Thurs.
Keep it up, Ryu Sushi!

We came on a late Sunday night, so we weren't expecting an extravagant show.
We did still sit at a teppenyaki table.
Our cook tried to entertain us, but it's hard to do a show with only 2 people.
It's cool.
We understood!
He was a little heavy on the soy sauce, but you can tell, outside of being a little to salty, everything was deliciously cooked.
I would say this is by far better than Benihana or Ah-so's!
I docked a star because I got a whiff of something nasty smelling while waiting, maybe it's just that Gilbert stench that I'm not used to?

Excellent food and service.
The chefs are very experienced and the owners are absolutely committed to make it a great experience - lot's of care.
Much better than the other teppanyaki places around.
Try the filet and Alaskan Roll!

Great entertainment and food.
We had the chicken and steak combo with fried rice and it was better than the well-known teppanyaki places.
They serve garlic grilled spinach plus the vegetables, which was unusual but very good.
They also offer roasted garlic bits for your meal that add extra flavour.
The teppanyaki was a lot of fun and a great place for special occasions and families.

Went to Ryu for the second time tonight and I have to say that this place is legit!
The kids and I had Teppanyaki and the wife had sushi.
Tonight was probably the best experience I have had at a Teppanyaki joint ever, outside, of the one in Tokyo where the chef was, I assume, an actual ninja.
Anyhow, the chef tonight was awesome.
He did all the usual gags that the kids love ie...
The onion volcano and the beating fried rice heart but he also displayed some excellent knife skills.
Way above and beyond anything I have seen here in the states.
My kids really enjoyed him throwing shrimp into their mouths from across the table.
So the entertainment was really good but what about the food?
Food was amazing too, seriously, it was much more flavorful than my average experience at a Teppanyaki place, which is usually Benihana in Chandler.
The veggies were way more than the typical cucumbers, mushrooms and onions.
Those were there but also broccoli, potatoes, and a nice helping of spinach cooked on the grill in sesame oil.
I had the filet and chicken combo.
The filet was cooked to a perfect medium/rare just as I requested.
The kids meals were plentiful and neither of them could finish.
The wife had a couple of different kinds of sushi and said they were excellent.
I had one piece of some roll that had jalapeño, avocado and some other stuff.
I thought it was good and I don't ever eat sushi.
As I said before, this is the second time we have gone to Ryu.
First time was fine but it was also right after the place opened.
This time, all my expectations for this experience were definitely exceeded.
Will be choosing Ryu over Benihana in the future.

My husband and I went the night after Valentine's Day and made a reservation the night before for the teppanyaki table.
We had never been there, never heard anything about it, and didn't even look it up online.
It just happened to be near our house.
They were really busy and it was taking a little time to get things going.
But to our surprise, the manager stopped by and asked myself and the couple next to us, if she could get us another drink on her, to say sorry for the wait.
It was unexpected and very nice of her to make sure we were happy and aware that we were seen.
She stopped by as we were leaving to say sorry again and explain a bit more, that it was just one of those crazy nights but she had tried her best to keep it together and keep everyone happy and SHE DID JUST THAT!!
:) She also reminded us to cover our 6 month old up cause it might be chilly out.
I will def be back!!!!
Oh....I forgot to mention if the great survive wasn't enough, my drinks were yummy, my Philly roll was AWESOME, and my shrimp teppanyaki was DEVINE!!
Fan for life now!

Good service.
Good prices.
The sushi isn't exceptional though.
I got the same rolls I get at other sushi places but the flavor was just lacking.
The rice was a little dry as well.

I cannot say enough good things about this place.
This place is truly amazing and the owner is wonderful and always greets me by name.
The food is delicious and the price is very reasonable.
This place to me is better then Bennihanna.
It's a must go to!

I wanted to give this place 5 stars.
So....I will give it another try one day.
First, we walked in and we were greeted by no one.
Literally....not one person said anything.
Multiple people made eye contact.
Finally an older women (thinking the owner) came out and sat us.
The waiter was very nice and helpful.
We enjoyed our soup, and my wife said the sushi was not the best she had ever had.
NOW....My food....I started eating my chicken and it seemed a little weird.
I spit it out, and it was raw, all of it was still raw.
I sent it back and waited for another 10 mins.
At this point, everyone had finished eating.
They brought it back out.....and it was still RAW!!
At this point, I was done.
They brought it out again and I just boxed it up.
The flavor and all was good.
Just not the experience.
Kind of crazy that they did not offer any compensation.
I am not want to want free things, but raw chicken is kind of serious.
The woman (owner/manager) was very nice, but not once did she apologize, or even acknowledge what happened.
Again, food tasted good.
Sushi was ok. Will definitely give them another try....maybe...possibly

I'll be the first to admit it...I rarely give a place a second chance especially when our first experience has been so poor.
However, after seeing more and more positive reviews for the teppanyaki we decided to give RYU one more shot.
We had the calamari and the scallops - both of which were cooked perfectly.
The fried rice was great and so where there veggies :)  Our cook also kept us entertained.
We will definitely return for teppanyaki :)

I have been here multiple times and each time the food has been great but the service has been spotty.
It seems this is a family owned establishment and the younger workers / children of the owners were the ones that provided less than adequate service & just need some proper training in food service.
I think that would make it more consistent and a better experience for the regular diners such as myself- i keep coming back because the sushi is awesome (:

Very reasonably priced for happy hour!
We ordered the tootsie roll, philly roll, chili cheese roll, salmon roll spicy tuna, and some edamame.
Including drinks everything came out to around $40ish.
Not too shabby right?
Ok so of course I always have to try the philly roll because that's my favorite.
Most places always skimp on the cream cheese or salmon.
But no problem here!
There were huge chunks of it in there for you to enjoy!
The chili cheese roll was different.
I liked the sauce, however, it doesn't come with much inside besides a jalapeno.
Everything else was mediocre for me.
For drinks I ordered the Asian Sangria.
This was good but a bit sour.
My friend ordered the Peartini.
I felt like this was really bland.
I tried it and it had no flavoring whatsoever.
However, $3-$4 for a drink, get what u pay for folks!
The service was really good.
We were always acknowledged and helped.
I'd come back for happy hour if I was in the area.

Wife and I sat at the bar.
Kevin was our server.
Thanks Kevin and Dzu.
Loved everything.
Beast roll with soft shell crab was awesome.
We enjoyed the scallop dynamite roll.
The chimichanga roll was tasty and unique.
Great night out.
Love the Sapporo beer as well.

Ok so first impressions are everything right,well this place bombed.
Went in sat down and waited for over ten minutes for any type of service.
Nothing.
They weren't busy so no excuse there.
Three girls just standing around doing nothing.
Waiters and waitresses walking by not even a glance or a hello.
Only when we got up to leave we were acknowledged and the only excuse was "we were out of money " not going there again

Fantastic food and service.
They went above and beyond for our son's food allergies.
Had a great time and delicious meal!

Under new management and a remodel!
I loved this place before and love it even more now.
Sushi and teppan is yum!!!
Gotta try it :) very friendly atmosphere :)

Was here a couple of days ago with my husband and tried several different sushi rolls and the quail eggs.
It was all delicious!
Staff was super friendly and was even going to give us ice for our leftovers if we weren't going straight home.
Will definitely be back to try the teppanyaki side.

We've been to this restaurant three times now and three times we've had an exceptional experience.
I absolutely love this place.
My vegetarian daughter from several options to choose from as well.
Some of the roles are very unique and tasted fantastic.
I think the best part is the exceptional service.
Each time our server has been outstanding and on one occasion the owner, and Asian female, sat down and talked with us extensively about the restaurant and its offerings.
She was super super friendly and we thought she was great.
This place goes on our regular rotation!

My first experience was very pleasing.
I was seated accordingly and our server was awesome.
I just wish I could remember her name so that I could consciously acknowledge her.
My Tenppanyaki dish was absolutely delicious.
(I had ordered in regular seating, not the Teppanyaki table) When I have my last meal in this Earth, I hope it can taste similar to the dish I had their!
(Maybe I was just really hungry when I visited)

We stopped in on Saturday to grab some lunch before the world cup started.
it was our second visit.
Our first visit was uneventful and nothing special.
This time it was bad.
No one greeted us at the door.
The waiter eventually saw us and told us to sit anywhere.
The restaurant was clean and neat and the service was prompt.
I ordered the chicken teriyaki lunch special.
it was served in a bento box.
We also ordered three types of rolls and a sashimi combo.
Two of the three sushi rolls we ordered came out quickly.
The catapillar roll was ridiculous.
It was filled with a tiny piece of cucumber and lot of rice then covered with avocado.
The menu provides pictures with no detailed description.
This roll was an extreme disappointment.
The other two rolls were unremarkable.
The chicken teriyaki was chewy and had zero taste.
It was obviously microwaved.
It was served third after the two sushi rolls.
The third roll and the sashimi combo took much longer to prepare.
One high point was the waiter.
He was prompt and attentive.
For soup he suggested the mushroom and onion.
It was nothing but broth; but exceptionally good.
later he indicated it was supposed to have piece's of musroom and onion.
The single star is for the waiter.
All in all, not good.
We will not be back.

Our first time here.
We were pleasantly greeted upon entering.
Gentlemen server was kind and answered our questions very confidently when asked about ingredient content.
(We have nut allergies.
)   We ordered the lunch salmon bento and nabeyaki udon.
Good size lunch bento.
Salmon was cooked just right with tasty accompanying sauce.
Con:Tempura batter was very sweet and thickly coated.
(Traditional tempura should be lightly coated so you can focus on the meat or vegetables when you bite into it- not the deep fried batter.
Pro:A very generous helping of edamame beans were included in the box as well.
The Nabeyaki udon was fine.
Pro:The female management was visiting all the tables as diners ate their lunch.
I would visit again.

This is my second time hrre within a year and i am once again pleased.
Try the scallop appetizers, they are large and delicious.
we tried the spicy albacore roll and the chimi roll.
The chimi roll is huge and would probably fill you up by itself.
To me the spicy albacore was hotter than the menu said, but is was very good.
We also used a restarant.com coupon and saved bout 12 dollars off the bill.

