Daughter and I decided to try this new place out!
New business at the same old place where three businesses has died!!
In the 2-1/2 years living in Surprise, I have seen Eureka Grill, Liberty Station, and Whisky River come and go.
Now its Lilly's Bar & Grill turn!
They just opened for business.
Food!
-  I had their prime rib sandwich, with fries!
A side of BBQ sauce.
Daughter had their cheeseburger, fries, and a side salad.
Side of BBQ sauce and Ranch.
Prime Rib was excellent!
Cooked to medium just the way I like it, meat was full of flavors I could have eaten this  with out the bread.
This sandwich comes with provolone cheese.
Have to tell you, this was one of the best sandwich I have had in a long time!
I did have a bite of my daughters cheeseburger, now she likes it plain!
Meat, cheese!
I KNOW!!
What the hell!
I want all the garbage on it!!
Anyway, burger was good still, even though she wanted it well done!
Burger still had the old BBQ taste, just the way it should off the grill.
I want to try it my way next time.
They have the old krinkled fries, daughter loves them, And they weren't to bad either!
I like them with no salt, and they weren't that greasy at all!
She also loved her salad.
If you like the plain lettuce, tomato, and cucumber!
Then this is the salad for you!
Service!- Here is my issue,  We ordered extra BBQ sauce, and Ranch dressing on the side.
We like to dip our fries in them!
As a kid I was a ketchup king, now I love BBQ sauce!
Well, they charged us for them!!!
Yes!
You know how some of the fast foods do!
I got some news for you folks, if you are going to nickle and dime everyone on stuff like this!
Your days are numbered!
People do not like being charged extra for things like that.
Just raise your price, hide it in the cost of the foods!
When we were their, we were the only people their.
Food still took time to get out!
But that is a good thing!
Had to cook the food, not re-warm it!
Over all,  We will come back and try other things, hope you stick around longer then the other franchises that could not stay open!
They mentioned most of them are from Zen's Cafe!
Just clean up a few things, stop charging for extra condiments.
Things might be OK?

There was 11 other people in the entire place.
It reminded me of CHEERS if everyone was the age they are now huddled around a bar.
I waited for 7 minutes and no one ever spoke to me.
The bartender saw me and she ignored me.
The server came out of the kitchen,chewing food, look at me and ignored me.
There was a girl with an appplication adn I suggested she go for the hostess job.
They need her.
I went next door to the Mei Wei.
Who greeted my within 5 seconds.

Zen's has relocated.
Same uhhhhh how do I say this ummmmmmm same integrity as the last place..same owner...same uhh yeah.........thats all I got to say.....

It appears this location has closed in Surprise.

