Comfy and tasty!
Lovely place.
Awesome location.

I'd not been here since it changed from Assembly, but was in the area recently and thought I'd give it a go.
Visually it hasn't changed much, but gone are the excellent £5 main course options that Assembly was known for and in are average (verging on pricey) priced burgers, pastas etc.
I had the Dunsyre burger which was fine, patty a little bland but a good size and the skinny fries were nice (could have done with more though!).
Service was a little slow, but the waitress was friendly.
What has bumped Bristo up from a 3 to a 4 for me though is the fact that they serve West beers - oh what a lovely site to behold, the West chalkboard of deliciousness!
Not quite the full complement, but a better selection than most pubs in Edinburgh who, if you're lucky, sell bottled St Mungo at best.
If I'm in the area I'll probably return, and it's always good to know where serves West!

The Bristo Bar deserves 5 stars.
It's cheap, the food is tasty, and the service is up to par with Canadian standards (that's a good thing!
)   One day it seemed as Assembly had magically turned into the Bristo Bar.
I was intrigued.
I've been a handful of times for mid-week lunch and a few times for after work beverages.
Each time, my experience warrants five stars.
I'm very impressed with the service.
The servers I have had have been very knowledgeable, welcoming, kind, and overall in good spirits - essentially everything you wanted in a server.
I normally go for the club sandwich, which with fries is four pounds.
It's delicious.
I've also had their halloumi sandwich, and it was great.
It comes with a very generous portion of halloumi cheese.
The drinks are cheap (it is across from Edinburgh Uni, after all).
A pint of West lager is under 3 pounds.
If you haven't had a West beer yet (Glaswegian brewery) definitely check it out.
I'm a big fan of their wheat beer.
The venue looks fairly similar to what Assembly looked like - but that's fine.
I'll say the Bristo Bar has the best service I have encountered in Edinburgh.
Do check them out!

