Ignore the billboards - no one at their locations really wants to sell you a car.
We went to several locations looking for a 4-wheel drive vehicle and no one would even come out to speak to us.
When we went looking for staff, they showed no,interest in helping us or in the cars on their lots.
I'm not sure why this business exists, but I'm pretty sure it's for some purpose other than selling cars.
Buyers beware & go elsewhere.

Do not purchase a car from them!
Any Auto Action, specially Van Buren and 19th ave!
It's a waste of time.
Just bought a car and they had me driving back and forth like an idiot just to pick it up.
They demand their money but they take their sweet as time to do things and they are not honest with one as they should be.
Now that I finally have the car, the headlights don't work.
Go figure!
That's when you know they don't care about the conditions the car is in.
They're a total scam!
It has been a horrible experience and a terrible nightmare the very first and last time I ever deal with them

I came to this Auto Action location to purchase a vehicle on Saturday 4/12 with a bad taste in my mouth from a previous dealership telling me I was approved with my $500 down and going in for them to tell me I needed $2000.
I had previously spoken with Ryan on the phone and decided to take the long trip into the Van Buren location.
Once I got there it was an easy process, unlike other places we worked number first.
I told them what I had & what I could afford and they told me what cars I could pick from.
Ryan took the time to show me all of the vehicles and even took me to other locations to make sure I made a choice I was going to be happy with.
Ryan ended up spending nearly 4 hours with me.
I decided on a 2003 Ford Focus and could not be happier.
Abraham made sure I fully understood what my obligations were and Angel went through the contract with me twice to ensure I was satisfied with my terms.
My payments are affordable and the length of the loan is perfect.
It is very hard to trust buy here- pay here dealerships but thankfully I had an awesome experience.

If I can give this location a negative rating I would.
I was young and naive and they took full advantage of that.
I went in looking for a car and the staff there was more than willing to help me.
I told him what my price range was and he showed me which cars would fit my needs.
I went for the 2005 Mitsubishi Galant and told the guy I would come back when I received my check.
When I did come back all of a sudden the amount previously agreed upon was changed and so were the payments but I needed a care ASAP so I agreed and paid.
I was told they would put gas in the car then the day of I realized there was no gas in the car.
The car didn't have a stereo and when I mentioned this they gave me one that didn't match what was suppose to be in the car.
My car broke down MULTIPLE TIMES ON THE FREEWAY.
All 4 tires blew out on the freeway as well which was later discovered that they put retreaded tires on the car.
They somehow "lost" a payment and when I spoke to the manager he said he would waive the next payment WELL THAT WAS A LIE.
When I went back up there they told me I was 2 payments behind (because of the so called lost payment and the lie the manager fed me to get me out the damn place).
Luckily I had proof the "lost" payment was actually given to them since I had my receipts in the car for EVERY PAYMENT that was provided from them.
I was so fed up I ended up basically sitting in the dealership with my family refusing to leave telling everyone that came in what they were really all about... literally every person turned around and did not make a purchase and obviously they kicked us out so I called the police on them (which apparently is a normal thing at this location according to the police officer).
He made sure I didn't have to pay the next payment but after dealing with them for months and having constant problems with the staff and the car I just let them repossess the car...
The cost to fix it would've been more than the actual value of the car.
Never go here they will lie and manipulate the situation at any cost.

