Ok so they are priced really well for what they give you... Nice size cookies and great quality and taste.
I like how balanced the alcohol and nonalcoholic cookies so both adults and kids can enjoy.
The oreo brownie cookie was delicious per my family.
I had the piña colada cookie..
I don't like cookies but this was good and not too heavy!
Great flavor... Oh and we want the caramel rum popcorn in bulk!
The girls at foodie fest were so nice and helpful too!

The cookie bar makes the best chocolate chip cookies in the world.
They call them "Buzz Kill " made with 3 kinds of Chocolate.
My favorites.
Wendy and the girls are the best.
You can ususally find them at first firday and Vegas streets.
they also do some of the farmers markets or just order off the website.
www.ccokiebarlv.com

These treats are just delectable!
The Oreo Kitchen Sink & Buzzkill cookies are my guilty pleasure.
The gals are always a pleasure to chat up, also.
Absolutely one of my favorite local businesses!

I'm not big fan of alcohol in my food but every cookie we had was amazing.
We were in Vegas for a friend's bday party and I wanted to get some special treats for the girls.
The cookie bar worked out great.
We ordered pina colada, snickerdoodle, mojito, booze munch, and white russan.
Everything was delicious.
They were were professional, returned my call promptly, and dropped off my order at my hotel included in the price.

I'm so glad I heard about this before I went back to Chicago:  1) The staff are wonderful.
I got to chat with them for quite awhile, waiting for my perennially tardy friend.
2) The cookies are huge and filling.
I think my Peanut Butter Chocolate Sink will last into 2014.
Bring friends so you can split and share.
3) Booze in a cookie is the most Vegas thing I can think of.
Unless Elvis fed me the cookie on the top of Hoover Dam.
I highly recommend the boozy munch, which tastes somewhere between peanut brittle and pop corn.
I also recommend getting a bottle of milk from the corner gas next door.

We were in Vegas for a softball tournament and a fellow parent had shared some of the wonderful treats with the rest of us.
Oh wow!!!!
Words cannot describe how good everything is.
And the presentation makes is seem like you aren't paying enough for what you get.
We made sure to stop there on the way home and grab some up to also give as gifts to friends and co-workers.
I wish you nothing but HUGE SUCCESS!

awesome stuff!!!
you guys are great!!!!
Good cookies are good.
Its kind of in a weird location, but that isn't really big deal considering the quality.
Price is also great.
They might consider accepting BITCOIN in the future :)

You know those alcohol infused  cookies you get at the foodie fests?
Well you dont have to wait to have them there now.
The Cookie Bar has the Drunk Pumpkin Punch and the Booze Munch right here available to buy!
Here meaning in a kiosk inside the Cannery West right next to Village Pub.
Just follow the sign that says "The Cookie Bar".
It's a huge banner, you cant miss it when you are driving down Flamingo.
In fact that's how I spotted this place!
Love the cookies, cool concept, they carry both alcohol infused ones and without booze.
Booze infused ones tastes better though!
!They are open limited hours so check before you head on over here.

I saw this place at first Friday's.
I did not have a chance to pick up any of this delicious bakery, but I did get a business card.
I am happy I had a chance to try the Drunk Pumpkin Punch(alcohol infused of course)....ok I inhaled this cookie and could go for another one.
I also picked up the Pina Colada & Oreo Kitchen Sink and cant wait to try those to.
I will definitely be back to try other flavors and treat others.

The Cookie Bar had a booth at Best Buddies annual Friendship Walk recently and I purchased the "virgin" Pina Colada cookies and their chocolate chip cookies.
The Pina Colada cookies were absolutely amazing as they were so different--rich, yet light and truly a delightful creation!
Now I have to go to their store!

Awesome sweets!
Very 1950s moment when I was handed a coke in a glass bottle and a cookie and just sat at the bar chatting.
Love it here!
(Hint: get the black Irish!

What a hidden little gem!
I was getting a car wash and when I was walking to their indoor waiting area, a huge cookie bar sign caught my eye!
There's a special little place in my heart for cookies haha so I walked over and the lady was explaining to me that her and her mom make the cookies fresh and that the cookies with the white string are alcohol infused and the one with the red string are not!
What a great concept!
Alcohol infused cookies and there were also alcoholic drinks available too.
But since I didn't have lunch in my tummy yet, I settled for just cookies.
I got the pina colada, chocolate mojito and red velvet.
All of them were amazingly moist with the perfect balance of sweetness.
They were also not too cakey and not too chewy, again, the perfect balance!
The Pina colada is  two pineapple coconut flavored cookies with this delicious cream between them.
The chocolate mojito was my favorite!!!
It had Andes mint chocolates in it with lots of chocolate and almost a brownie texture yum!!!
The red velvet, I've yet to try because I got full!
Haha but I'm sure it will taste amazing like the other cookies.
Make sure to check in to get a free buzz kill cookie!!
They will definitely be seeing me again soon!

I hope everyone is able to try this place!
Ok, so I am getting my car washed after a LONG trip to Oklahome (and mulitple dead bug bodies on my car-necessitating the car wash) and it was super busy.
My friend pointed out a sign that said "cookie bar.
"  I thought she had lost her mind, but there was the sign.
So we walk in...and there it was.
We got to talking to the owner who told us her and her mother make everything, and their cousins make the aprons and hand paint the martini glasses.
So cute.
So what did we do?
Try a little of everything.
I got the alcohol free versions (it was still a work day and we had to go back to work after the bug bodies were scraped away) but my friend was bold and got the alcohol version of the chocolate mojito.
I didn't try that, but I did split the non alcoholic mug shot with my secretary.
Amazing!
Then I got the booze munch (without alcohol) to sneak into the Smith Center that night and it was fantastic.
A lot of work to make.
I also just remembered I bought a kitchen sink bar that is still in my fridge.
I have to eat that.
She also gave us (GAVE US) a twisted krispie she is testing out...a krispy treat on a stick shaped like lips, with caramel, chocolate and sea salt.
It was fantastic!!!
I hope everyone comes here!!!

Items Selected: Buzzkill - Chocolate Chip Cookies with Dark, Semi-Sweet, and Milk Chocolate Chips PB Kitchen Sink - Chocolate Chip Cookie Base, Peanut Butter Cup Middle, Topped with Chocolate Brownie Whiskey-Doodle - Fireball Whiskey Snicker Doodle topped with Whiskey Buttercream Drunk Pumpkin Punch - Pumpkin Walnut Cookies, Rum Cream Cheese Filling, Rolled in Chopped Walnuts Black Irish - Guinness Stout Infused Dark Chocolate Brownie finished with Irish Cream Topping  Not a drinker save for the occasional cocktail or rare glass of wine with dinner yet thoroughly intrigued by the crowd-funded mother/daughter project entitled "The Cookie Bar" it was the smiling face of owner Wendy Baumgartner that welcomed me to the small Cannery West kiosk, but it was her infectious passion for the project that truly won me over.
Opened early this year after a trekking the catering and festival scenes the concept of The Cookie Bar admittedly seems a bit kitsch up front but with boozed-up riffs on classic American confections befitting the moniker of Sin City lining the shelves and comparatively low prices by 702 standards it can only be said that "bar food" jokes aside these ladies can really bake.
Featuring intoxicating flavors both alcohol-infused and virgin it was with a duo of tender triple-chocolate 'Buzzkill' cookies that I began and with soft centers amidst crisp edges the classics tasted oven fresh, a characteristic no less notable in the red-hot cinnamon snickerdoodle, both individually bagged options a mere $3 and just as delicious as upcharged versions found on-strip.
Moving next to a similarly priced beer-brownie punched up with a tablespoon each of Guinness and Bailey's before transitioning to the actual 'Punch' of the densely spiced and cakelike Drunk Pumpkin it was last that I turned to a veritable 'best of both worlds' in The Kitchen Sink, a 6oz block of flavor with textures harkening fudge while flavors hollered Reese's - an Oreo version also available and beckoning me back along with the Vodka kissed Krispies and signature Booze Munch.

I concur, this is a 5 star Cookie Bar...
It's alcoholic cookies!
How isn't this a 5 star idea.
Located on East Flamingo, inside the Cannery West Shopping strip mall, The Cookie Bar is located next to The Village Pub.
You will see a massive banner to show where it is, but just look for the cannery west sign and walk in.
After seeing a few quite decent yelp reviews, I decided to give Cookie Bar a try.
Packing my bags and taking the trip from Summerlin over to East Flamingo we arrived with an intriguing sense of wonder as to what the Cookie bar was.
Once we walked in two pleasant young ladies who happen to own the cookie bar, showed us everything they had to offer.
The first cookie that grabbed my attention was the Black Irish, Guinness flavor with a mix of chocolate!!
Put simply, Heaven!!!!
Next up was Tipsy Velvet, a nice mix of a lite alcohol and red velvet!!!
I will say the blend is great.
You can taste the alcohol but it isn't overpowering.
Checkin and get the free Buzz Kill Cookies...
They also provide Non - Alcoholic cookies as well!!!
Most are in both versions of the cookies so don't feel you can't drop by because you don't drink alcohol, they are just as good!!!!
The young lady also gave my son a Twisted Krispie on a stick which I can't seem to get off him!
Service here was amazing!!!
For a family run business that has not been opened long, I give massive props!!!
Once the rest of yelp community swings by and grabs some of these amazing cookies, maybe they can open in Summerlin!
Cookie bar doesn't just sell from this store, you can order online and they cater weddings and other special events.
Overall Service: 5-5 Cleanliness: 4-5 Cookies: 5-5  FYI: They also sell these sweet little kids cars that the parents can control by remote and also after a little bit, control can be changed to the driver!!!
Pretty sweet

"Cocktails Served Baked, Not Stirred.
" This is a tag line from The Cookie Bar's website since they specialize in alcohol-infused baked goods.
After reading reviews by Michael U. and Trev W. I knew that I wanted to partake in of some of the offerings, too.
The good news for someone like me who doesn't drink that much alcohol is the Cookie Bar's items come in non-alcoholic versions, as well.
I went in on a recent Saturday morning right after the Cookie Bar opened at 11:00am.
A kiosk inside the Cannery West building, just look for the Oasis Car Wash on East Flamingo.
If you go on a weekend like me, you'll probably see the car wash's customers milling around waiting for their car to be done; they were all over the parking lot and in front of the building that at first I thought there was a protest occurring.
Wendy, the Cookie Bar owner, was very helpful and gave me the great news that Saturday is buy one, get one free day--oh, happy day!
Not only did I get the Buzz Kill cookies for free with my Yelp check-in, but I also only paid $9 total and walked out with 5 items in my box of sugar.
Buzz Kill:  two fat chocolate chip cookies w/ dark, semi-sweet, and milk chocolate chips.
These were the free cookies via Yelp check-in, fresh and tasty classic cookies.
Twisted Krispie:  A big, dense Rice Krispie treat on a stick:  browned butter, sea salt, white chocolate.
This tasted a little too salty for me.
Tipsy Velvet:  two red velvet chocolate chip cookies with white, dark, milk, and semi-sweet chocolate chips with a white chocolate drizzle on top.
I got these for my son, the red velvet fan.
He let me sample and I liked it very much with all the different chips in there.
I would buy these again.
Mug Shot:  a root beer butter cookie w/ buttercream frosting.
I gave this to my co-worker, so I don't know if it's good or not.
PB Kitchen Sink:  chocolate chip cookie bottom, peanut butter cup middle, fudge brownie top.
This I got for the peanut butter-loving boyfriend and he loved it.
They have one called the Oreo Kitchen Sink that I want to try next time.
This is a great local small business offering up some tasty desserts; I'll be back to try more of their other items soon.
Maybe I'll get my car washed, too.

Oh my word.
The desserts here have almost rendered me speechless- they're that good!
Luckily I'm typing.
I found this place looking for a treat while in the area for work.
Found the address and it's inside the Cannery West shopping mall area as a tiny kiosk right inside the door.
The small space is decorated in lots of pink and sweets décor, and Jenny is there with a smile.
She was just unpacking and setting up at 11AM when I sauntered in, and she chatted with me about the company she and her mom started, baking alcohol into sweet treats fresh every morning.
I opted for the PB KITCHEN SINK (cookie bottom with brownie top, peanut butter cup in the middle and on top), which was huge and delicious- BF inhaled it.
Anyone allergic to peanut products should just give up on life for not being able to partake of such deliciousness.
Also got the IRISH STOUT- giant, fudgy brownie infused with Guiness beer and topped with a dollop of frosting.
BF went nuts for this as well, as he is a chocoholic.
It was a bit too much for me, but flavors were good.
Lastly, with our purchase, we got a free new item Jenny and her mom are trying out: an ORANGE CREAMSICLE cookie sandwich.
It is heavenly and was by far my favorite, with sweet cookies (possibly a blondie?
) that were so soft and chewy, my favorite cookie texture!
The light but sweet cream between wasn't too sugary and only had a hint of orange flavor, courtesy of the Grand Marnier they are spiked with.
Divine!
Thrilled to have found such a secret sweets spot, and to have met Jenny herself.
I'm rarely in the area, but I'll be recommending them everywhere and sneaking in for treats  when work brings me to the area again.

I finally got around to checking off this bookmark yay!
Cookies/brownies and alcohol do mix.
I had the black Irish which I ate before I could think of taking a picture of it.
:( it was delicious.
I also love it when businesses offer checking deals, this place offers a buzzkill cookie, which is also delicious.
I just wish they would open up a location on the westside of town because that's where I live.

Love, love, love the cookies here!
I first found The Cookie Bar back in February when I was putting together an Anti-Valentine's Day party.
I now stop by every few weeks for a treat!
All of the cookies are amazing and they make a great alternative to typical dessert options!
What I really love is that you can get non-boozy cookies too, which makes it great when I'm going to a family type function!

