I love this park!
One of the best parks for kids to play at

Tumbleweed Park's Playtopia is the bestest playground in all of Phoenix.
Although it may be a little out of the way in Chandler, your children will thank you for making the drive.
Tumbleweed park is already a rather large green space with a recreational center that boasts a pool, some sports fields, and smack dab in the middle is Playtopia.
A playground so big, that it has been partitioned into three themes areas: (1) Farm Land, (2) City Land, (3) and Critter Land.
Farm Land is the biggest, and offers your typical brightly colored, metal and plastic play structure geared to the five and older crowd.
The best part, Farmland has a giant sun shade.
City Land has streets for bikes and scooters, smaller play structures for younger tykes, and single rider vehicles that use a spring for locomotion.
In Critter Land, you'll find a massive Gila Monster, a giant shell worth exploring, an archaeological dig, some climbing rocks, and the sand box.
So, don't forget those rarely used shovels and buckets.
There are also swing sets around Playtopia and pavilions of various sizes open for rent.
The bathroom is nearby and there are several parking lots around the park.
When you can see the giant sun shade near a parking lot, find a space.

The park is nice and big!
The play area is awesome!
However, the bathrooms are infested with hundreds of Mosquitos.
My son is 6 months old and it's absolutely unacceptable.
Can't help but wonder if West Nile is lurking.
The bathrooms should be kid friendly at a park.

My grandson decided he didn't want to go in the bounce houses provided at the July 4th activities so my daughter suggested taking the kids to this  playground area to kill time before the fireworks started.
He and his not quite two year old sister had a blast here!
Everything was pretty safe with lots to do and lots of space for the gazillions of kids who were here.
I just wish it was enclosed so we didn't have to run all over trying to keep track of them every minute to make sure they didn't run off site.
And that it wasn't so darn hot, though it had cooled off a bit (I think) from the dust storm/monsoon that hit last night.
Still, over 90° after 9pm!

