TNT divas is the intimate gym that I've been looking for!
I love the group classes.
The classes are at many different times during the week to match my crazy schedule.
As a busy mom, I love working out with a group of other moms that have become my friends!

This studio offers an un-intimidating experience for all levels of fitness.
I prefer an intense workout that provides both cardio, strength and instruction.
I particularly like the extra encouragement I receive to help me achieve my personal fitness goals.
Excellent environment that's clean and maintained, personal instruction in group classes, and developed great friendships along the way.
Also child watch if needed.
Highly recommended.

I love TNT!
The classes are suitable for all fitness levels.
My favorites are Yoga and Muscle, but I plan to try the Zumba and Barre really soon.
For the current class schedule go to the Facebook page.

Great work out classes for the TNT dudes as well.
Tina kicks my butt every time.
No pain no gain :-)

Tnt divas is awesome i try their cross fit class and i loooved it, so far ive tried boot camp, groove, Zumba and functional fitness and ALL of them are an awesome workout and fun!

Don't let the name full you.
Tina is an equal opportunity butt kicker when it comes to work outs!
Great personal instruction, nice and clean with a great area for the kids.
My six year old gives it 5 stars too!
If your looking for a change from the big muscle houses where you just a number check out TNT!

Could be my favorite gym around town.
Where else can you find yogalates, barre, crossfit, functional fitness, boot camp, and a host of other classes in ONE place for a GREAT price!
The best part, though, is it's become like a small family there, thanks to the amazing Tina.
She delivers with her workouts, and you'll probably burn a few extra calories laughing in some of the classes, too.
Not only do I enjoy going to this gym, but my kids do as well.
There's childcare and kid oriented classes -- tumbling is a big hit for my younger ones.

Love the personal training sessions, classes and the friendly ambiance!
Best way to get fit instead of a regular gym!
Always leave here sweating and stronger!

