Are you serious?!?!?
This party bus is SO cute!
I saw Lil Pink at a bridal show here in Las Vegas about a year ago and thought it was adorable.
When it came time to celebrate my girl friend's birthday party a few weeks ago, Lil Pink instantly came to mind... it was even better in action!
The lighting and sound system were AMAZING!
Who knew this cute bus could throw such a party... it's a nightclub on wheels.
Two TVS, lasers,smoke machine, pole, great music and it's PINK!
We received excellent customer service from the get go, adding to the great Lil Pink experience.
My gfs and I will continue to recommend Lil Pink to anyone throwing a bachelorette or birthday party.
In fact, I'll be celebrating my Dirty 30 this year, so expect to see me rolling around town with all my girls in Lil Pink :-)

We had a blast!
The best party ever!!
We used the Lilpink for our wedding and it has been the best and fun experience we could have!
There are lights and music inside the bus and you can store your bottles.
The bus was on-time and the driver very patient and flexible with timing, plus very fun!
Our guests had tons of fun, totally worth it..you can't miss this very Vegas experience!!

Lilpink, Lilpink, Lipink!!
No matter if it is for a bachelorette party, weddings, special occasions, guests visiting out of state or for just a weekend of fun you need to have this Vegas Experience!!
I have been several times in Vegas and I have never experience it in such a fun way!
We had a blast!
Everything was just perfect!
TOTALLY WORTH IT!

Had the pleasure of using the Lilpink Party bus a few months back & just now getting around to reviewing it (shame on me).
The bus is a LOT of fun -- extremely well put together, awesome sound system, great lights and effects.
Driver was punctual and courteous, got us where we needed to go & was sure to pick us up right on time.
If you are gonna do Vegas, you gotta do it in style, right?!
Well, more importantly, you gotta make it FUN!

Lilpink is so much fun !
More than just a party bus.
Definately recommend them for bachelorette parties.
Thats what we used them for a couple of weeks ago !
We started the night out by visiting the famous Welcome to Las Vegas sign then shuttled off to several clubs.
Our fabulous driver Mike promptly picked us up at each location.
Whilst on the bus expect an awesome sound system and great music with fun additions such as lasers, smoke and of course cocktails ;) The bus itself is super cute and very pink.
It was super comfortable for all 14 of us ladies.
I will be definately using them again and again.

LIL PINK was the best party bus I have ever been on!!!!
It was for a Bachelorette but would be fun for any occasion in Vegas!!!
For my first time in Vegas, it was beyond what I ever expected!
Mike was on time, professional, and was always easy to get a hold of!!!

The bus driver was AWFUL!
If i could give negative stars I would!
We had this bus for my sisters wedding last night, It was to shuttle between the reception and hotel.
It was supposed to be there at 10pm and was about 30 minutes late.
The driver was so rude to the guests, this is a wedding dude!
Lighten up!
There were long gaps of time between each trip, we have no idea where he was, unaccounted for when guests were waiting for him.
I know how long it takes to get back and forth from the hotel and it doesn't take 45 mins.
As far as the bus itself it was very cute but I would not recommend this bus if you need reliable transportation.
There are plenty of nice buses and other shuttles you can use in Las Vegas that actually have good customer service skills- STAY AWAY from this one.

I was headed out in Vegas for a friends party and I needed a party bus, Lilpink kept popping up on my radar.
I read the reviews and figured, everyone's experience seems to be pretty good.
Well, I just have to say, WOW~!!!
From the start, I was impressed with LilPink!
The costumer service was freaking awesome.
The driver was texting me and giving me updates on when he would arrive and he was early.
I asked, will this cost me and he said, which made me laugh, "why would it cost you for my being early".
That was the start of our evening.
Needless to say, the stripper pole was a big hit with all the ladies!
The music and the videos were awesome!
It felt like we were in a rolling club.
It was a little crazy because when we ended up on on East Fremont street and we were bar hopping, when we would look around a corner, there was LilPink... Like she was stalking us :) But really folks, I can't say enough good things about this bus and it's driver.
They really took great care of us and made our party, a night to remember.
Thanks LilPink!!

So I have been to Vegas a few times now and have had the oppurtunity to ride on Lil Pink, their customer service and the experience was second to none.
Mike the driver was courteous and really funny... he is what makes the rides so enjoyable.
Thank you for the great service and I will be calling you in the next couple of months to do it again.
Appreciate the hospitality.
Marc  Buddha Music Group

This is the ULTIMATE PARTY BUS EXPERIENCE !
Where to start... Mike is an awesome host and planned our whole experience for the night out on the town.
We had great service from booking, planning, and start to finish of our night !
I first saw the bus while out in Vegas in September and thought what a cool idea !
My girlfriends and I planned a trip and I remembered this hot little pink bus and decided to try it out!
Little did we know, we had the best time EVER !
The music, videos, tv's, and lighting were awesome with the added touches of lasers, drinks and a fun little pole where us girls could have fun :p  We were carted around in style and didn't have to wait in any lines to get in to places.
Mike is the BEST !
I highly recommend Lil Pink to anyone and everyone going to Vegas and wanting a fun experience and not having to worry about planning your night.
My gf's are returning in August for a Bachelorette party and are definitely booking with Mike for another adventure on the city !
Party on wheels !
I'm so glad Mike and Lil Pink are getting such great reviews !
It is truly a fun experience to say the least !
And as for Katie, obviously she was having a bad day giving Lil Pink 1 star?
I think maybe she had the attitude and needs to lighten up and should've taken the shuttle :o   Good Luck LIL PINK !
5 Star RATING !!!
Keep the party going !

