Oh, Rachel's.
Living at The Ogden, I've walked by the empty storefronts on the ground floor for the last year and a half, longing for the day when they would begin to fill up with tenants.
You are the first, and you get a point for blazing the downtown trail.
You also get a point for NOT taking any assistance from Downtown Project's totalitarian neighborhood monopoly.
Unfortunately - at least on soft-opening day - the food just didn't add up.
I haven't been to Rachels' other locations around the valley, but my wife and I ate here twice today for lunch and dinner and each time we were disappointed in the food's blandness and lack of freshness.
Frozen fries, frozen onion rings, frozen breakfast potatoes and a general lack of flavor pervaded every dish we tried.
I'm being brutally honest here with the hope that things improve, because DTLV desperately needs more restaurants and I desperately want to like this place.
My wife did try a peanut butter smoothie, which was very tasty, with complementary peanut butter and banana flavors.
However, ultimately, we didn't have anything here that we couldn't make upstairs in our apartment.

I found myself really unexpectedly disappointed in Rachel's Kitchen.
All of the other locations get great reviews but I failed to see where all the hype comes from.
The Ultimate Grilled Cheese... was not very ultimate.
Thin-sliced white bread, some cheese, a couple tomato slices.
I expected thick crusty bread and really quality cheese... what I got was like, boring kid's menu grilled cheese.
I could have made something way better for myself at home for wayyyy less than nearly $8.
The french fries and breakfast potatoes are not made fresh, they are frozen.
The turkey on the turkey sandwich isn't a nice piece of turkey breast, it's boring lunch meat.
They use a light hand to apply seasonings so there is not much flavor.
The service is really friendly, though.
That and the smoothie I had are the reasons I am giving 3 stars instead of two- the peanut butter blast is delicious and the non-fat yogurt it's made with at least gives me the illusion of eating healthily.
Since this location is literally right downstairs, I will probably stop by in the future to pick up a smoothie, but there is nothing on the menu that I couldn't make a tastier, fresher version of upstairs for way cheaper.

I experienced Rachel's Kitchen for the first time tonight since it opened in our building.
I ordered the turkey sandwich and my wife got the chicken caesar wrap.
The turkey sandwich was good but it wasn't anything amazing and definitely not worth the hefty price tag for a regular  turkey sandwich with some avocado.
Its something that can definitely be made at home.
my wife said that the chicken caesar was ok but nothing impressive either.
It really makes me dissappointed because I feel like there aren't many good restaurants downtown yet that aren't located in a casino or for the ones that are great they have limited hours.
This place also has limited hours.. it closes at 7pm on weekdays and 8pm on fridays and saturdays.
overall not impressed.

Finally!
I have been waiting for Rachel's to open in Downtown Las Vegas.
I was there are their first day and the food and service were awesome, especially since it was day one.
I had the opportunity to talk to the franchisees and they were so friendly.
They were the type of people you want to see do well.
I will be back often for the Signature Pasta or whatever I am craving.
I highly recommend you try it out.

Excellent greetings by 3 different employees upon entering.
I appreciate great service.
While they are still in opening stages, training new employees, and etc.
The food was excellent and the service was warm, inviting, and friendly.
Thank you also to Bri for making the kids feel extra welcomed and comfortable!

They are obviously still working the kinks out but considering this is not their first location I expected better.
So for now this is a 2.5 star experience when I take service into consideration.
When I was ordering someone came up and said their soup was cold, no apology or anything from the person behind the counter.
Just an if you can can wait a few minutes we're making a fresh pot.
Being a witness to that exchange made me a little nervous.
I mean why did you serve cold soup in the first place?!?
For my meal I ordered the BBQ chicken wrap which came with Sweet Potato Fries.
A fair value for around $10 for lunch.
It was good and I would order it again.
There was four of us total and three of us were halfway done with our meals before the fourth person even got their order.
He was becoming so desperate he was starting to eat off our plates.
The place was packed and we were crammed into corner seating.
I appreciate another downtown lunch option and I will give this place another try once the newness has died down a little and they've worked the kinks out.

Very unimpressed.
I expected alot more based on all the hype.
All the fries that came to our table were cold and soggy.
My chicken sandwich was cold as well, and the chicken was VERY bland!
Both the Sprite and the Ketchup were amazing though!
I hope they can get it together.
DTLV needs some decent places to eat.
Good luck.
Service was acceptable.

Great, quick, healthy cafe for breakfast or lunch.
When you just want something healthy, this is the place to go, especially when you've been away from home for a week.
I went twice within a 2 day span, once for lunch and another time for breakfast.
For breakfast, I got Scrambled Eggs with Tomato and Basil.
It was exactly what I needed.
Came with toast and some potatoes, but perfect breakfast to get my day started without being too heavy.
For lunch, I ordered the Signature Salad with chicken.
At first it looked huge, but it was the right size to satisfy my appetite.
Everything on their menu actually looked really good, so I don't think you can go wrong with any of your choices.
Beats ordering from the hotel cafe or a local coffee shop!
They even make fresh squeeze juices and smoothies.

The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is clean, stylish, and pleasant.
I went here with some friends before we watched a show at the Smithsonian center.
I would come back again, but only when it isn't out of my way.

I know I will get lynched for this, but I was very, very disappointed by this place.
My number one issue?
Premade veggie patties.
Factory grade.
For seven bucks?
No.
This place boasts healthy choices, but doesn't make its own veggie burger?
I myself stay away from them because they are full of soy and sodium, and I hate, HATE seeing them on a menu anywhere.
But whatever, they have other things here that look great.
So I got the Breakfast Ultimate Grilled Cheese.
Most certainly not the most ultimate grilled cheese I have ever had.
The bread was soaked in grease, and the cheese was not good.
It had small tasteless tomatoes on it that didn't add to the flavor at all.
The only thing I enjoyed off that plate was the potatoes.
I also got a Peanut Butter Blast smoothie that was pretty darn good, though not very peanutty, still very refreshing.
Perhaps I just order the wrong thing, but really as far as veggie alternatives, they are quite lacking.
Maybe it is just this location, Downtown, but I was left baffled at this supposedly great healthy place.

Not sure if I want to give it them 2 or 3 stars.
Last week they did a great job delivering lunch to our office.
Food was fresh, warm and quite good.
Today's delivery seemed to be slow, but on top of that my meal was COLD!
So disappointing because I know they could do better.
My food was so cold that the onion in my union ring was cold.
They forget to bring 1/2 of our order and it was it took over 2 hours to get to us.

Great little place for fresh food that leave you feeling great.
I had an omelet with spinach and avocado, wheat toast and a green juice.
It was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time.
I juice everyday and the juice that they served was great.
You go in and order and then they bring the food to wherever you are sitting.
The food came quickly.
The place was nice and clean.
I will definitely will go back again.

It looks cool in the reviews but the over look is very cafeie, the drink are nice but unless its happy hour they are over priced for a mimosas and some wines, the food is worth it not bad considering the area caters to tourist and the "Ogden" residents

Another convenient location!
This time, they moved into the bottom floor of the Ogden in downtown Las Vegas!!
My company is moving downtown in September and it's nice to know there's a Rachel's Kitchen around the corner.
On this visit, me and my work team came for a quick lunch before our quarterly company meeting.
I love the look of this restaurant.
No matter which location, you will be treated to a nice, clean bistro style restaurant.
This location has little round tables and high bar tops lining the front window.
The front counter is truly the star of the show, has a huge menu for your convenience and a viewing window for pastries.
The staff is friendly and very attentive.
You order, pay, grab your number and find a seat.
Your food will be brought to you when it's ready!
Super convenient :)  For lunch, I got the same gourmet sandwich I get in every visit:  The turkey club on wheat bread.
Smoked turkey, bacon, Swiss cheese, avocado, romaine lettuce, tomatoes and mayo served on three slices of your bread choice.
For me, what makes this sandwich is the avocado and mayo.
I love a sandwich with both.
It ties it all together and because of that, it's the best for me.
The turkey is nicely smoked, they give you a lot of slices and makes this sandwich super flavorful.
For my drink, I always get the Wilshire Smoothie.
It's filled with peaches, bananas, pineapples, fresh squeezed orange juice and nonfat vanilla frozen yogurt.
I always add kale to it for my serving of a super food.
Such a great smoothie, blended with all my favorites!!
Definitely a must try.
Overall, a great bistro place!
Remember, on Sundays, mimosas are only $3.
I hope my review has enticed you to visit.
If you're looking for clean food with great service, come check them out.
You will not be disappointed!

I like this place.
It's simple.
I like simple.
It's the perfect place to pick up a quick lunch while downtown.
The interior is easy on the eyes and reminds me of a bright little cafe.
The menu has a selection of pastas, sammies, eggs, smoothies, salads and a 'lighter side' menu, where they keep those heathy items.
The items I've had (turkey sammich, smoothie) aren't anything to write home about or to go into detail on, but they were exactly what the menu described them to be and I was completely satisfied after.
Tack on online ordering, a check-in offer (50% off beer/wine) and local delivery (on awesome delivery bikes) and Rachel and I are destined to become good friends.

Very fresh ingredients.
Flavorful sandwiches.
Staff is great

Glad I tried this place out.
I had heard it was good but always got the impression it was a vegetarian type restaurant.
Not so!
On my two trips I have had an excellent burger and a pretty tasty turkey wrap.
They have a very varied menu including soups, salads, burgers, and even some alcohol.
Glad this place opened so close to my office!
It should be a weekly visit.
The prices are reasonable as well.

So much positive Chi in this place.
Does not have a corporate feel to it.
Always very welcoming when I walk in with genuine smiles.
Coffee is amazing

I work not too far from this Rachel's Kitchen.
Our office usually orders from here once a week, if not more.
They do deliver which makes things a lot easier on us.
When I do go in to either pick up take out or sit down, everyone there greets you as you walk in and are extremely nice.
The food at Rachel's always tastes so fresh.
Which i love.
I'm also vegan and they have a really good veggie wrap and salad i'm able to order.
The fresh juices are to die for, especially on a hot day when you don't feel like eating too much.
The food does take a while to get out, but it's worth the wait in my opinion.
They also have a nice breakfast menu.

Happened to be downtown for a class and needed something healthy for lunch.
Rachel's was right down the road, so we drove over to get a salad.
I'm really glad that we did!
I had the roasted chicken and grilled vegetable salad.
I was originally put off by the price (around $14 with extra chicken) but was overall very pleased with my meal.
The veggies were fresh and the flavors balanced well.
I was more blown away by the service.
It seemed to be taking a little while for my salad and I was beginning to get impatient but nothing excessive.
A woman came over (Rachel?
The manager?
) and had the presence of mind to ask me what I'd ordered and immediately checked on it - that doesn't happen too often with takeout orders in my experience.
She was so gracious and wonderful.
Thanks for that Rachel's Kitchen - I'll def be back!

Good food, I guess.
But it is way over-priced and the service is pretty terrible.
They're usually rude and very rarely actually get your order right.
If you decide to eat here, do NOT pay online.
Half of the time they're shoddy online system doesn't actually transmit your order.
If you do order online, don't have expectations that they'll actually have your order.
Also, always check your to-go order before you leave the store.
3 out of the last 5 times, they haven't given me the type of fries that I ordered.

The curry chicken wrap was really good!
Everything tatsted fresh ill be back soon!

Right down the street from work, so lately we've been ordering from our new favorite place.
their smoothies are a must.
Just today i had the Curry chicken Wrap and omg soooo good.
check out the picture i uploaded.
sweet potato fries are also good.
OH YES & THEY DELIVER.

Rachel's Kitchen is quickly becoming the go-to spot for a great, healthy lunch in the Fremont East area.
Owners Kathy and Karen have put together an awesome staff and a perfect menu, and the result is consistently good, healthy fare.
I've worked my way through most of the menu, and the highlights (for me) are the salads, smoothies, and the omelets.
I live nearby, so I'm there often, but haven't grown tired of the food; could never grow tired of the lovely staff.
They have wifi, the place is immaculate, and  the seating is incredibly comfortable (unlike other spots nearby).
The crowd is a mix of DTLV start-up pioneers, attorneys from the nearby courthouse area, and tourists who prefer fresh squeezed juices (try "Sweet Greens") rather than being another snout in the Fremont Experience trough.

I ate here for the first time today.
I was really looking forward to it because I had heard so many great things about Rachel's kitchen.
After eating here I cannot imagine what they were talking about.
The food was less than mediocre.
I had Rachel's chicken salad sandwich and sweet potato fries.
The fries were cold.
I mean very cold, like they had been sitting for 30 or 40 minutes cold.
The sandwich should not be called chicken salad.
There was barely any chicken.
Basically you get diced apple pieces, sliced grapes and mayonnaise, with a tiny amount of chicken here or there.
For $9.95 cold fries and fruit on stale bread.
No thanks.
I do plan to go back.
I want to give them a second chance just because everyone else seems to enjoy it.
I think I'll try breakfast next time.
Maybe it is served hot.
Wish me luck.

One of my top choices in Las Vegas for a fresh, tasty, and healthy meal.
They also have smoothies, fresh juices, and pastries that are out of this world!
So lucky to have this location at The Ogden downtown...really made a difference in my decision to move here.

Love, love, love Rachel's Kitchen!
Delicious food at a great price!
My favorite dish here is the Chopped Salad!
The staff is so friendly and always seem to go above and beyond to make sure your visit is a great experience!
If you're ever downtown and looking for a healthy alternative without breaking the bank then you'll love this place!

Their Garden's Pasta is my favorite!!
I told the server that I'm addicted to this dish.
Instead of penne, I always ask the chef to use angel's hair.
Perfect mix of sundried tomatoes, mushrooms, peas, chicken, pesto in the noodles, with some cheese on top.
I love it!
Their fresh juices are amazing too, and let's not forget about the super delish pecan bar.
I highly recommend this place.

I stopped into this cute place for a quick breakfast bite.
It cost 8 for a simple breakfast burrito which I thought was a little pricey.
I ended up waiting 33 minutes for it.
Three ingredients: egg, bacon, and potato.
They were nice staff but did not warn me the wait would be so incredibly long.
I could have made it myself in half the time.
I was disgruntled and let them know politely and they said sometimes things go a little slow in the kitchen.
I was VERY disappointed they did not offer me even a cupcake or anything to show they genuinely cared about the frustrating delay.
Summary was a 5 minute order took 6 times longer than expected and they simply said sorry, things like this happen sometimes.
Boo!!!

Downtown has become my haven of lunch time and solo time eating.
I'm typically by myself during lunch time and I don't cuurrr!
I am definitely an independent girl and can have a meal solo so downtown spots are perfect for that.
I decided to give Rachel's Kitchen a whirl since I often went to the one in The District in Green Valley.
Unfortunately The District got turned into The ROAD o CARS so I have been avoiding that area.
I realize Downtown is no different, but The District *used* to have charm... not so much anymore.
Anyway, enough of my ranting - I like the fact this RK is Downtown.
I like that it is in The Ogden, what I don't like is me driving past it twice looking for a place to park!
*shakes fist* Well, I ended up metering, but I have gotten over that hump of going Downtown.
So I meter.
I don't care, pretty much every major city EXCEPT Las Vegas has meters everywhere for parking so I have come to terms.
This RK is set up quite the same as the one in The District with the great looking green-tiled tables and the nice snuggly cafe vibe.
The employees were very sweet when I was here and offered honey/lemons for my tea and answered my questions regarding the soup of the day.
I really was hankering for soup/sandwich combo which RK has for $9.75.
I say that's a decent price especially since you get a bowl of soup, not a cup.
Turkey/Bacon/Avocado Sandwich (on sourdough) & Potato Cheddar Soup - The soup startled me because when it came out it was bright orange.
I was like, "What is this trickery potato soup?
" But, as I spooned the deliciously pureed potato and cheese into my mouth I decided it was quite delicious.
I am sure the orange hue comes from copious amount of cheddar cheese, so ya know, fat girl status up in here!
As for the sandwich it was a bit of a let-down.
The bread was dry dry dry and did not have the richness I was expecting from a nice sourdough.
I have a suspicion it was day(s) old bread.
And there was an extra piece of bread in it which I didn't care for and removed.
The turkey was all right and in my wold avocados make anything better, so it saved the sandwich a bit but not much.
Peach & Ginger Black Tea - I would come back for their teas to be honest.
Sitting downtown sipping this amazing tea they have would be perfect on any winter day.
I can't remember the name of the teas but the next time I go back I am writing it down in case I can get it for my own enjoyment at home.
Overall - Food-wise could use a little work.
I hope when I go back the next thing I order completely redeems the dry bread.
Ambiance, service, and overall experience was positive.
Four stars it is for now.

Was looking for healthy, quick bite to eat in downtown Vegas.
Enjoyed a fresh and "lite" turkey sandwich and a yummy, not so lite, lemon bar.
Both were fresh and good.
Next door to El Cortez hotel, with funky bikes parked in the front.

Clean, fun colors, fun atmosphere.
Good place to meet a friend, which is what I was doing.
Fun fresh, healthy choices, and not boring.

I absolutely love this place, so many healthy choices and some not so healthy, it's perfect anybody can find something to eat, their juices (I have tried them all) are so good, and the smoothies, so tasty (I have also tried them all), it's my to go place everyday for lunch.
Great burgers, amazing sandwiches, you can choose the kind of bread you want, they even have gluten free bread, big and plentiful salads, big breakfast.
I just love it.

This is my favorite downtown spot.
The owner's are AMAZING and so friendly.
They make me feel right at home every time I'm there.
This place is very child-friendly.
My 2 YO is given a lunch pail with crayons and paper each time.
The food is also awesome.
The omelet is my favorite.
And the watermelon juice is sooo good!

Very attentive staff and the food was very good.
I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries.
Fried were cooked perfectly and the burger was juicy and delicious.
They have us some free cookies to try that were also delicious.

First impresion was that this place was very, very clean.
Counter-service restaurant with lots of good sounding juices on the menu, although it is not clear what is in any of them.
Four of us ordered breakfast items: omelettes, eggs, fruits, toast, which were good.
Went again a second time for salads, which were very ordinary and not at all worth the high prices.
Go for breakfast and maybe juice; skip for salads.

We stopped in at Rachel's to grab a bit of breakfast while in Vegas.
We tried the French Toast and an omelette.
Both were very tasty.
The French Toast was unique in that it was served on a sliced roll.

Having owned and operated Cape Cup in Orleans, Mass I am very critical when it comes to the food service industry.
I ordered the Breakfast Wrap.
When I bit into this sandwich it brought back memories of our old business Cape Cup!
It was fresh, moist, and absolutely delishous!
The wait staff was beyond warm and friendly.
They were caring, courteous, and very attentive.
As was the owner.
I felt very much at home as I visited.
A BIG thank you for a truly great experience.
I might add my second visit today was just as wonderful.

Cool location and great service!
The house pasta was large.
It had penne pasta, chicken, sun-dried tomatoes in a cream sauce.
We split that among 2 women and the portions were still decent.
Very tasty!
Soup of the day was cream of mushroom soup which came with some bread.
Not too crazy about it.
Perhaps it can use some more whole chunks of mushroom to give it some texture.
Maybe the pairing of the cream of soup with the cream-based house pasta was just too rich.
The employees were friendly, attentive, and helpful.

SO beyond dissapointed  with Rachels Kitchen.
I placed a delivery order at 11:15 and was quoted a 30 minute wait time.
When we had been waiting 45 minutes I called to find out if they were on their way.
A very rude guy answered the phone and said my order had been ready and was waiting there to be picked up.
When I said it was for delivery he said "No its not" and hung up on me.
I called back only for him to answer again.
He placed me on a 11 minute hold and the woman who answered said they would remake my sandwich and 2 juices and send them right out.
It is now 12:45 and I just called back to find out they had not been sent out yet.
What a fail!
So dissapointed Rachels Kitchen.
Get your ish together.

Rachel's Kitchen is my daily lunch spot in DTLV.
I order off the menu everyday and it never bothers the staff.
You can't ask for any better than that.
I usually hit them with the Gluten Free pasta tossed in olive oil, add peas, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes and chicken.
No matter how busy they get during the lunch rush they always take special care of me.
I'm pretty sure they'd to the same for all their customers so don't miss the Rachel's experience.
It's worth it.

3 stars is almost generous.
I got the 440 sandwich.
It had a paper thin slice of chicken.
The sandwich was 95% bread and tomato.
The sweet potato fries were just average.
A Tommyknocker imperial nut brown for $4 is not bad, though.
It's funny, I was on jury duty this day.
I ran from the courthouse to this place to try it out and ran back.
I would be reluctant to give it a second chance on the food.
Happy hour might be a reason to come back, but even then, why would I?
There are plenty of other, better places to get a drink.
Too many options downtown for me to see myself going here again.

Great gluten free options.
I has zero issues and highly recommend.
Bread was from rubys and was very good as well.
Help staff was very knowledgeable and kitchen handled minimizing risk of cross contamination beautifully as well.

Great service and amazing food .
Great quality for the price .
They catered our holiday brunch and were amazing .
They worked with our budget and were so helpful and friendly .
Everyone loved the food .
Can't say enough about their service .

Great little breakfast / brunch spot.
Good food and decent service.
It's never too busy.
They even have live music events now.
Great smoothies!

I'm use to eating at the original location in Summerlin, but this spot is equally delicious....and serves wine & beer!

This is my new favorite place for lunch with girlfriends and co-workers.
1st of all, I love the downtown location.
2nd, I love the fresh juices.
3rd, everything I have ever ordered has been amazing, especially the "lower calorie" items, like the egg white omelet and the veggie burger sandwich.
The other items are amazing too!
If you are in the mood for some comfort food, try the Mac n Cheese.
So good!!!
If you are interested in healthy food and a cool vibe, check it out.
PS they sell alcohol, too.
:-)

What a fantastic place.
I am so glad they opened downtown, but it is crowded for lunch!!
Today I had my old favorite, Cobb with no egg.
The chicken is so well seasoned, and tastes almost citrusy--specifically lemony.
On other days I will have...well, let's be honest, the mac and cheese or the grilled cheese.
I always get sweet potato fries with the sandwich.
The mac has onions and mushrooms.
Lots of people will ask for one or both of those things removed, but come on, try it!
It is good.
The 550 sandwich is awesome too...goat cheese is always my fave.
For a treat, grab the chocolate chip cookie.
Great.
Also, hit it after work for happy hour.
Wine is half price and there is usually a musician.
FANTASTIC!!

Yummy quick healthy fresh and fair price.
Short walk from freemont street.
Everything you want in a tasty clean and pleasant modern restaurant.
Staffed very well with a good variety of meals and treats including smoothies.
Take a tiny walk from your downtown hotel and show them good food fast can be affordable downtown.
You do not have to make yourself sick on a "cheap" buffet.

I've only been here a few times, but I have never been disappointed.
Excellent customer service and ALWAYS amazing food.
If you love yourself, order the acai berry smoothie and the Smoked Turkey & Avocado sandwich.
Best items on the menu, as far as I'm concerned :)

Had wanted to try out Wild next door but it doesn't open until 11 am.
Rachel's kitchen had a great menu with lots of options though!
Everything seemed fresh and they had lots of healthy options.
I opted for "the favorite" omelette and Justin got the BLT sandwich with egg and fries.
The omelette was awesome- I loved the mixture of sundried tomatoes, avocado, goat cheese and shrooms!
The homefries were lacking- they seemed to be the store bought kind.
Justin enjoyed his BLT also!
We also ordered the berry smoothie.
It was made with frozen yogurt instead of soy milk which made it creamy and frozen!
I also had an iced coffee with soy milk but it wasn't the best.... Too much soy milk and the coffee had grounds in it that settled to the bottom.
They currently have an awesome yelp deal for half off any alcohol.
Woohoo!
Great way to attract customers!
Unfortunately, we had to road trip afterwards so no mimosa with my brunch!
I was glad we came in before the lunch rush- this place seemed like the place to be!
Definitely worth trying out for fresh food worth the prices!

I had a pretty generic breakfast wrap (burrito) and a super delicious glass of fresh orange and carrot juice.
My fiancee got a fresh watermelon juice, which was so well chilled and perfectly sweet that he has made me return several times since just to quell his cravings!

Food is wonderful!
service is sloooooooow.
Don't be in a hurry and you will be fine.
I have eaten in the restaurant once, too afraid of massive wait to try it again, and had food delivered 3 times.
It was a weekday morning 9am and not busy when I had my wait experience, btw.
Food 5 stars: Service 1 star.

Wow!
Love in the service, ingredients, and presentation in Downtown Las Vegas.
This is the type of place we need in Los Angeles  Great breakfast items served ALL day as well as other lunch and dinner items!
I had the signature omelette it has 3 eggs, avocados, sun dried tomatoes and goat cheese!
Great way to start your day.
We also had a wheat grass shot as well to top it off!
They also have fresh squeezed fruit and vegetable juices as well as delicious desserts.
If your not on the strip, you must come here for a great, healthy, meal!

Ok, so we love this place, and get delivery at least 2-3 times a week to our office for lunch.
Their fresh juices are to die for, salads are stellar, burgers are awesome, pasta is killer, no paninis unfortunately, only cold sandwiches.
Why the 3 stars - just found out that their meat ingredients are generic store quality and NOT antibiotic/ hormone/ GMO free which should be the standard at healthy place to eat.
Who knows what's in the meat or even veggies, scary thought, wonder why I didn't think of it sooner, just assumed they were using the best ingredients NOT.
Hope they are reading and will take action!

This is by far my favorite Rachel's Kitchen out of all the other locations.
Their food is always on point, their juices are always good.
Their food is consistently good (the other locations - not so much).
I go here weekly and love it.
The food is very fresh and the staff is fantastic!
Once of my favorite places for lunch for sure!

This place is wonderful.
I came in one evening absolutely starving and no expectations but I was pleasantly surprised.
The staff was amazing and were happy to cater to my allergies.
I hate having to annoy people with my allergies but they are always so nice about it.
Service with a smile.
The food was great and I've been several times since.
My husband is obsessed with their protein breakfast since there don't seem to be a lot of nice breakfast places around.
We just came from Australia so breakfast is a pretty big deal and Rachel's Kitchen does it right!

Gave this place 3 honest tries.
3 different items, 2 different times of day over a month period.
The food just doesn't taste that great.
Omelette... Burnt, small portion, with frozen style cubed potatoes.
Tuna melt... Flavorless tuna salad, and needed more salt mixed in.
Burger...
I'll post a photo...
If that's medium well, I'd hate to see well... Maybe if I buy enough well done patties, and put them into a trash compactor, they'll turn into man-made diamonds!
Fries were limp and definitely the cheap shoestring kind (suggestion - put them in a separate breathable bag for to-go orders, so that their own humidity doesn't make them into a soggy mess)   Pricey for this quality of food, and they probably justify it because they have a juicer behind the counter, making them a "healthy" place that can charge a premium.
Take your money elsewhere for a better lunch or breakfast experience...

The team at Rachel's Kitchen is amazing!
I've been a customer since day 1.
Love the food, awesome service, and really happy that they do so many community events like wine tastings and live music sessions!

Love having a Rachel's Kitchen in the neighborhood.
Service is top notch and you can't go wrong with their curry chicken salad or the scrambled eggs with tomato & basil for those rough mornings.

Rachel's kitchen is an exceptional restaurant with great good, great people, and the occasional great singer to delight you with chill background music.
Fresh food and good local beer.
The chicken sandwich is worth every penny.
Go.

I was really impressed by the menu options, the food quality and the service.
You order at the counter and either wait for Take-out or sit down and have them bring it to your table.
This place is good if you are looking for quality salads, wraps, sandwiches or smoothies.
Their baked goods look great as well.
This is located about a block off Fremont, in the Ogden building.
Clean, bright and away from the Fremont chaos and weirdness.
Expect about $8-$10 for sandwiches and $5 for a smoothie.
A nice smoothie bonus is that you may add protein for $1.

This place is so good!!
It's nice to finally be able to get real food in Vegas!
They are very willing to substitute as need.
The owner is so friendly she thanks her customers for coming.
Wow haven't seen this done in years!!!

Quality ingredients, great variety and super friendly.
Our family has tried soups, sandwiches, juices and salads all delicious.
Great all around daytime food and environment!

Amazing.
The sweet greens juice is best juice I've ever had.
The food is really good too.

My Wife and Myself love this place!
Great menu, service is excellent, tasty food and juices.
A big plus is they deliver, although we sat in their dining room which was clean and inviting.
What a refreshing little oasis in this mad city!

Fresh ingredients, great food and service.
Very comfortable place to have a really good meal and take a break from the heat and crowds.
Thanks Rachel!

Was here yesterday and the service was beyond slow... my food order was wrong.... TWICE!
The girl that took my order was nice, but that's about the only positive thing I have to say about this place.
The food was.... forgettable...
I would've been better off going to McDonalds and saving myself a couple bucks.
The service and the food is just not worth it.

This review is for the Downtown/Ogden location only.
Today I ordered lunch for my office.
We order for pick-up or delivery from this location at least once or twice weekly.
The service is always wonderful and you'll always get a smile whether you are in the restaurant or order delivery.
I ordered a Chicken Finger Wrap with onion rings and a Sweet Greens Juice.
Today's portion size was laughable.
There was more wrap than filling and only THREE onion rings.
THREE!!!
A coworker mirrored my order and also had only THREE onion rings in her meal as well.
She was also unhappy with her wrap.
This got us talking...most of us have noticed a decline in food quality and quantity from this location.
Very dissapointing.
We all love Rachel's and will continue to order for lunch but I hope this review is read and the concerns addressed.
We will give it a couple more tries but at this point there are too many other options to settle for an unsatisfactory lunch no matter how nice the employees are.

Rachels Kitchen is a great spot for breakfast or lunch downtown.
My most recent order was for a few catering trays and they were delivered on time and fresh.
we had a tray of wraps, a big salad and tray of brownies and various desserts.
All were excellent and the portions were very generous.

Ok....I confess, I'm a huge fan of Rachel's Kitchen.
Always healthy, consistent in quality and so delicious.
Today, I had the 440 Sandwich in a spinach wrap.
Truth be told, I was dreaming about this sandwich last night in my sleep and was excited to know after boot camp that it would be the next meal consumed.
Oh....so back to the 440....grilled chicken, goat cheese (I think it is the goat cheese that really pulls this together), avacado, roasted red pepper, roasted tomatoes and lettuce.
The wrap makes it snug, which I like, but you can also have it on bread.
Delicious!
Healthy, delicious and in DTLV (downtown Las Vegas)

Rachel's Kitchen is the BEST

We love the incredibly friendly staff, immaculate restaurant and fresh food!
It's a great spot to unwind with a healthy meal downtown.
The fruit salad is always outstanding!

Bad day at Rachel's today.
When we walked in on a busy Friday lunch, half the tables were reserved.
We waited while four tables were cleaned to actually get a table.
When I finally got my medium well cheeseburger, it was RAW.
Still waiting for them to correct it.
Doubt it will happen before my meter runs out!!
They did bring us a brownie!!

This place had benefited from having a somewhat normal menu in a very hipster/trying to hard area of town.
Prices are absurd, being it's the only place I know of to get a protein shake downtown, I have been known to grab one here every now and then.
Things is, I get your standard banana/peanut butter protein shake and it's $8 bucks here when it's $5 at any other smoothie shop on earth.
Needless to say, I've stop coming in.
I live downtown and I'm all for supporting local establishments, but when I go to a restaurant and ask an employee questions about menu item, I expect an answer, not, "hold on, let me ask".
I hate that.
Why don't you know your own menu, you only work there?
I've had the turkey burger here, it was very forgettable, I've had an egg wrap here, it was even more forgettable.
My wife has had the pancakes, i think she kinda liked it, but the other time we went together, she got the "veggie burger" or "garden burger" or whatever they call it and the patty was full of cheese tho the menu made zero attempt to make you aware of this.
She ordered it without cheese.
If you worked there would that raise a flag that this person doesn't want any cheese?
And then wouldn't you want to make your customer who is paying $10+ dollar for a shitty meatless burger aware of the cheese riddled patty?
The answer is no.
Also if you worked there, you wouldn't have known about the cheese in the patty, cause no one that works there knows anything.
They received an extra star for serving coke products, so keep in mind this is actually a one star review that got a much needed but undeserving boost.

Came here cause the kids didn't see anything for them on the menu at EAT.
Kids liked the breakfast burrito and the pancakes.
My wife got coffee which was seriously BAD.
Honestly, these days there's just no excuse for having bad coffee.
Asked them to make a fresh pot and it didn't help...

I absolutely love this restaurant.
The owners are truly great people.
The location is perfect.
Near all the action and easy to get to.
The food is always fresh and delicious.

I ended up going to Rachel's for lunch because there are not many healthy options in the areas near the strip.
The parking situation here is a pain and even though there is a spot to use a credit card, the parking machine only takes cash and coins.
I sampled the tuna and curried chicken salad before deciding what to order.
The tuna had an excess amount of mayonnaise and the chicken was dry.
I looked at the menu for an additional five minutes because I did not know what to order and was skeptical because I did not think the food was up to par based on the samples.
I decided on the chicken sandwich on the light menu and my friend chose the tuna even though she tried it as well and was not impressed.
The sandwich I had was poorly stacked and because the lettuce was placed on the bottom it became wilted.
I did not enjoy the seasoning of the chicken which is all I could taste when eating my sandwich.
My friend said her tuna was overly watery which made the tortilla soggy.
She also thought there was too much tuna and additional ingredients were needed in order to combat the mushiness of the tuna.
Both times I have been to Rachel's I have found the food to be average and lazily made.

