Just saw the opening of Pin Up at Stratosphere and it was rough around the edges, but the top level talent of the dancers, producers and the band held it up.
Although, the lead singer and headliner were a miss.
The singer appeared to be singing above her ability and Clair was just completely out of her element.
Not only was Claire out of her element, but she detracted from the whole show.
If you think Holly Madison was okay in Peepshow then Claire  Sinclair was terrible in Pin Up.
In Vegas, where actors, performers, musicians and directors work years to get to the Vegas stage Claire managed to do it with no discernible skills except the need to always "wanting to be a Pin Up girl".
I could really tell when she spoke that she had nothing else to offer the show except for her face.
Sorry Claire, this isn't Playboy.
Someone PLEASE give her some acting and singing lessons!

This show is kind of boring.
Nothing compared to some of the other ones.
Let me just say very expensive nap :(

Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, yeah, about that!!!
:/  Welp, Claire Sinclaire is gorgeous and I totally appreciate her passion for Pin Up.
I LOVED her work in the Olivia Calendar.
I think a lot of people expected that since she was in Playboy, that the show would be a burlesque.
I was happy it wasn't.
However, in order for a show like that to survive they might have to.
Unless, they change a lot of the content and create more of a draw for the audience.
While creating an audience connection.
They tried to give the show a "pin up" feel, but in my opinion the only real part was Claire Sinclaire.
The other girls were beautiful, but their look didn't scream Pin Up, or anything resembling that era and genre.
The gal dancers were very good, we definitely enjoyed watching their self-expression.
The blonde that danced in the short pole segment was terrific, although I was scared for her life.
That pole was hella sketchy, it looked like hair in the wind, very unstable.
The costumes were very nice, I enjoyed seeing all the sparkle.
The band was great!
Most of the songs were rockin'!
There were long breaks in between the dances, they were mostly cheesy, stock videos.
No bueno!!!
The show wrapped in one package, not so good.
I think the show-line story started out sounding cool, but it was not executed as such.
I won't suggest this show.
I hope they can pull it off, the concept could be really neat.
And my 2 star rating is based on overall presentation and appeal of the show.
Just get out of the Stratosphere, that sh*t is ghetto!!
Just on my short excursion, I saw a chick bathing the bathroom sink, and peeps tailgating on their truck in the parking structure.
WTEff!

Watched the show last weekend & thoroughly enjoyed it.
A very classy rendition of the Pin Up genre.
Absolutely loved Claire Sinclair.
She is the epitome of the classic pin up girl.
I definitely wished we got more of her in the show.
If you're feeling nostalgic and looking to revisit the Pin Up days, catch a glimpse of it at the show through each calendar month.
Talented dancers, great live band, surprising illusions I didn't expect...worthwhile checking out.
I look forward to seeing it again in a couple of months.
The show is still very new and just like most of the new shows on they strip, they change things up and add more stuff.
Excited to see what else they may have in stored the next time around.

I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago for my birthday and my buddies took me to see  some shows, including PinUp.
The transitions between songs could have been a little shorter once or twice, where the band just jammed a little too long.
But I am a big music fan and I do appreciate the talent there.
I love the horns, and guitar solos.
The singer, Autumn I think, was great.
I loved the song she sang in the audience, and when she sang the Halloween scene.
BIG voice in a small body!
Didn't expect that.
She is very talented.
Claire did alright.
My buddies and I expected to see a little more, but she still looked good, especially in the 'pillow' scene.
The dancers were awesome too.
I really enjoyed the airplane/garage song with the swing dancing.
Very cool.
And the tap dance/baseball solo was good.
I liked how the drummer jumped in to that one and interacted with the audience.
All in all we had a good time.
Great singing and dancing.
Pretty much what we expected.
I just wish the waitresses came around a bit quicker.

Theater- Very clean and nice feel Lighting - Very good Sound system - Top notch Band - Excellent Dancers - Beautiful and talented Singer - The star attraction Service - Fine  So, I sat there thinking, "why am I so bored?
" I cannot complain about any aspect so far except maybe the dead air space between numbers.
It was campy, but I like campy.
Then I realized that I didn't like Claire.
My first impression was that it was such a shame for a beautiful young girl to fill her face with so much filler that it gave her a comic book  appearance.
In addition I just couldn't stand her.
She was so fake and just not a good performer.
It was painful to watch her go through the motions and then when she spoke to the audience we just looked at each other like "how did this girl get a show?
' She told the story of how she worked 2 long hard years from the age of 16 to 18 before being discovered by Hugh Hefner.
She really paid her dues!
Oh and don't get me started on the "illusions" in the show, ugh!
To be honest if I just went to see the rest of the cast and she was not in the show at all I would have given the show another star.
I really liked "Ann" the singer.
I only found out her name at the end of the show because during the show Claire just referred to her as "my singer".
I hate being so negative but I know it was not just me.
The two guys next to me fell asleep for most of the show.
And the applause was polite at best.
There really was no enthusiasm from the crowd.

It has potential.

Claire is very beautiful, but this show isn't.
This show also had the strange large video screens on either side of the stage.
dancing was great.
The blond singer was fantastic, don't know her name.
Claire was painful to watch.
Sorry it's true.
We walked out about half way though.

In the first place I refused to book this show, because my interest is not in the 1950's and Pin Up Girls (on the wall) are not Feminist at all.
But I then visited the show and did not regret that.
This is a fun show with gorgeous Claire Sinclair!
She gave me a shot glass.
After the show She came out with some dancers and singers for some small talk and pictures with the audience.
Claire Sinclair has definitely inspired me and I can only recommend this show.

I recently professionally reviewed this show after it had some line-up changes and added a couple new numbers.
The grand opening media night took place 4/29/13, which is when I saw this show.
I have seen all kinds of mixed reviews during the preview phase of this show.
I can honestly say that I believe most of what people didn't like (that I have read) has definitely been resolved.
If you are a fan of the era you will be smiling from ear to ear the entire time at the musical selections.
My only asterisks would be that there is a pole dance scene (it was great but not exactly pinup era) and the other asterisk would be that the hair of the back-up dancers was not retro at all.
Curl that stuff up!
I actually really loved the show and I'm a retro purist of sorts.
The concept is grand, a romp through the calendar months of pinups.
The band and singer killed it, just great stuff.
I don't understand any of the bad reviews.
Not only is this in keeping with the 50's theme that Stratosphere has seemed to be fond of for a long time, but you could conceptually go to the Frankie Moreno show (very retro in style) and stay for a double feature of Pinup.
I recommend this show to anyone who enjoys a good well-executed show, mixed company or date night is alright on this one.
Yes, it's pretty white, but think of 50's America.
The dancing is ridiculous, just great especially from the lead Ryan Kelsey (damn!
), who can do aerials all night with style.
Price is $49 or so, and you'll have encountered one of the most cute, lovely sweet Playboy Playmates to walk the earth.
And so young!
The cast is the setting, and Claire Sinclair is the jewel of the show.
Haters be gone *D. Highly recommend.
My full review is at frankietease.com  Parking, easy, seats, awesome.
Service: awesome.
Venue: awesome (great state-of-the-art theater).
Go!

This show has a lot going for it.
I was a bit taken back by some of the less than stellar reviews, but I found the show much to my liking.
Here are my positives:  The show moves along quite nicely.
The 12 month calendar idea is a take off on the Playmate of the Month.
After all, Claire Sinclair was the Playmate of the Year in 2011.
What I thought was well done from a theatrical point of view was the ease of transition for the most part from one scene to the other.
There were distractors that took your attention away from the stage so the crew could move into place the next scenes set pieces.
For example, some members of the band came down front and played--damn well, I might say!
When they were done, the stage lights came up and we were ready for the next scene.
Thoughtfully planned transitions like that work and there's no "down time" between scenes.
The band.
Well, what more can be said.
There are 6 members and they rock the house.
There are three horn players, two guitars players, and a drummer.
Boy are they ever good!
They're almost scene stealer sometimes.
Then there are the dancers--5 of them--four women and one man.
They are all very talented and have good moves.
The ladies are dressed scantily enough to be sexy but this is not a topless show.
If that's what you're expecting, go across the street to Olympic Gardens and see all the tits you want.
Claire Sinclair, a name I hadn't heard until this show came about, acts as a narrator for the show.
Based on the earlier reviews, her speaking role has diminished.
She did some talking about where the idea came from for the show but she didn't overdo anything nor did she hog time.
Periodically, she'd do some dancing, most notably behind a translucent scrim, and she removed a top and tossed it aside.
When the scrim was removed, it left Claire clothed in a little less clothing albeit still covered.
She's there for her fame (notoriety) and she certainly has the body to please any eye gazing her way.
My favorite months were March, May, and September.
Without giving too much away, the March dance was to the song "Come Fly With Me" and the sole dancer was a flight attendant.
Really well done and choreographed well to the music.
May was a solo dancer again with the drummer near her and he'd rap the sticks on the platform on which she was standing and she'd tap dance a reply.
His stick work was amazing and her dancing was excellent.
Finally, the September theme, another solo dance, was the girl as a baseball player.
She could bend over the plate so provocatively.
It was great!
In between, there was a scene with Claire on a bed with some moving pillows.
Enough said, go and see the show to see for yourself.
It seems like there have been changes made to the show during the preview period and even since the official premiere last week.
It seems to be a polished show and I enjoyed my evening.
Finally, the theatre is a pleasant place with comfortable seating.
While I could see well, I wasn't close enough to see as well as I wanted to.
Oh, there's always a next time and a reason to go again!

I really enjoyed watching the dancers and listening to the live band.
I only watched this show because my family was given complimentary tickets, so I didn't really know what to expect.... No one in my group even knew who Claire Sinclair was until we looked her on google to see what the hype was about.
She didn't really do much, so I don't understand why Sinclair was the main character..
But the 4 dancers KIIIILLLEEDDDD the show!!
They were the only reason why I stayed awake the whole time!!

To be honest, I was NOT really thrilled about going to the Stratosphere for a show but I absolutely LOVE the Pin Up era so I had to give the show a try....SAVE YOUR MONEY!
More people walked OUT of the theater than stayed for the whole show.
Claire is just awkward to watch.
I am almost embarrassed for her.
Her attempt at speaking to the audience left us looking at each other and wondering how she ever landed this show.
The Band was great and the one male dancer was FANTASTIC but the rest of the show sucked!!
They did not even try to stay authentic with Pin Up 'looks'!!
And in case you are NOT sure...Pin Up girls and pole dancing have NOTHING to do with the other.
This show does nothing to draw the audience in nor to keep them.
Seems their shows are just like the hotel....SUB PAR.

The dancers were incredible.
Definitely the highlight of the show.
The production value was surprisingly higher than I expected.
I attend a lot of shows as a Vegas local and I was very impressed by this one.
Lighting was cool, sound was a little loud, live band was awesome, dancers were great and the singer was good and funny!
Tons of costume changes kept it interesting.
Honestly the biggest disappointment was the headliner.
Claire seemed a bit awkward and her lines were poorly written.
She didn't seem very comfortable...I would have been disappointed if she was the only reason I came.
With a little more tweaking of the show I hope it moves to a bigger and better venue...this show deserves more credit!

just great.
for starters, i'm not what i would call a "pin up kind of guy" (although i AM aware of it enough to know who alberto vargas was).
i went not knowing who claire sinclair was and didn't have any preconceived notions of what the show might be over-and-above her 40's era billboards dotting the city.
but the show is what everyone says here.
singing.
extremely good dancing.
platinum white hot band.
after seeing what others have said, either ms. sinclair has had a lot of training in the last several weeks, or i caught her on a particularly good night, but i thought she was an extremely good presenter.
very charismatic.
glowingly beautiful (and very aware of it).
well spoken.
sharp.
well timed.
if you go expecting burlesque, you'll be disappointed.
there's no T, debatable amounts of A, and no comedy to speak of.
but what impresses me the most about it all, and what keeps me thinking about it is this ...  everything is laser beam focused on and around the concept of pin-up.
this show is, literally, pin-up start-to-finish.
everything from the costumes, attitude, style, music and sensibility.
whoever put this entire thing together REALLY thought about it.
shows -especially vegas shows- are almost NEVER thought about this way.
think about it, even your favorite cirque has some bizarre thing just thrown in because they have performers that can do that trick.
but this isn't that way at all.
it's not so much entertainment -or even a vegas strip act- it's more of a moving, living, breathing montage.
it's a piece of performance art.
it belongs more in the smith center than it does in the stratosphere.
it's an homage that goes SO deep that it actually becomes part of what it's paying reverence to.
but here's what i don't get ... how can a show like this POSSIBLY survive in the 21st century?
the musical themes and social references are mostly built around the 40s, 50s and 60s.
i'm 52m and the VAST majority of things they're making reference to are WELL ahead of my time ... so how does that play to a 30-something audience -someone born in the 80s- that has the ability to spend money on a vast variety of vegas entertainment.
add in the fact that the show presents no sarcasm or irony of any kind, how can "modern" people even relate?
i honestly don't know.
but if you have ANY interest in a cultural concept writ large, or if you want to see what a truly tightly scripted idea looks when it's given a modern spin and put on the stage, you NEED to see this show.
and soon.
i don't think it can last.

The music and dancing alone are worth the price of admission.
David Perrico, music director extraordinaire, executes razor sharp arrangements with an amazing six piece band.
So much punch and taste!
Brian the drummer, suggests Vinnie Colaiuta and gets 'magical' in a duet with a tap dancer on the "September" segment, I believe.
Andrew, the sax man can't find a bad note.
Lead guitar, bass guitar and trombone round out the sextet - all 'best in class'.
Infrequent loop samples are used judiciously and add to the emotion on a handful of numbers.
No lip-syncing!
The dancers and singer are very Strip-worthy.
In front of the syncopation, they truly delight and carry the show.
What they can do with their limbs cannot be described in polite company.
Spectacular!
The singer works the audience into a blush with such grace and aplomb.
She's got a great future.
I've heard from fellow seniors, and share their opinion, that this production needs to show a little "skin".
How many tasteful ways can the "naughty bits" be presented?
Let me count the ways.
And a little would go a long way to "punch up" the flow of the show.
Some might argue that  "pin-up" is suggestion and not exhibition.
But it's Las Vegas, a 10:30pm show and our girl Clair has shown those "goodies" in magazines all over the world.
Clair Sinclair is a unique beauty.
Fabulous figure, adorable face and she carries herself very well.
I did notice a minor failing in her display of rhythm on a couple of numbers, but that can be adjusted or improved with rehearsal.
In two shows I've seen over the past month, the recent adjustments are nicely placed and work well.
Don't miss this band, though.
They'll have you humming "Come Fly With Me" as you leave the building.

Loved the show.
Went with my husband and of course he had a blast!
The dancing, singing and the costume changes were awesome.
I would see the show again.
But the location of the strip they are on is not to desireable.
While we were inside the casino we were hit up for money and cigs.
We love Claire Sinclaire and the Pinup era

I would love to give this 3.5 stars...
I can't bump it up to a 4 though.
Since my tickets were free, this review is not based on ticket price.
I did tip an usher $10 to move us up to the front "VIP" section since there was seats available.
Love the concept of the show and the band is great... but I don't go see a show called "Pin Up" that is hosted by a former Playmate of the Year to see the band.
They only have 4 female dancers who did a great job considering they don't have very much down time throughout the show.
The 1 male dancer is entertaining and was a very good dancer as well.
The concept is "calendar girls" and they take you month by month through the year with different themes.
I thought they did a fairly good job for each month until they used the band for September and November without the girls dancing.
It was kind of strange, especially considering when Claire Sinclair (the host) came out at one point after June or July she said, "wait till you see what we have in store for the rest of the months" or something like that... but the first half of the show was clearly better in my opinion.
If they had the girls dance for September/November I may have bumped this up to 4 stars.
The singer is decent...
I believe her name was Amy or Anne... can't remember.
They throw in a couple of modern day songs which she clearly does not have the voice for ("Girl on Fire" was a mess) but she fits the sound and style of the older music.
Fun show to check out... needs improvement in certain areas though.

The theme of the show is Calendar Girls.
Unfortunately,  I missed Jan- Feb. (almost didn't make it at all)     Show is very cute.
I really liked all the swing dancing, so much fun.
Outfits are sexy and stylish (think Bettie Page).
The house band is excellent, and the singer, Ann has some major pipes.
It doesn't hurt that she's as hot and sexy as the other girls in the show.
The show has a lot of variety, things such as a ballerina (sexy flight attendant), choreographed dance routines (a lot of swing), tap dancing duel (sexy baseball themed dancer duels off with the awesome drummer as he takes his sticks to the matt.
Its pretty bad ass.
), illusion (Claire St. Claire makes two girls appear in one scene, and a sexy guy appear from a spell in another), pole dancing (First time I've ever seen a girl dancing the pole with an ear to ear smile.
Speaking of pole, there's no way that thing is safe.
It looks like it could come down at any second)  I think my favorite part was the swing dancing.
It just looks like everyone is having such a great time.
You can feel the positive energy from the performers.
Another thing worth noting I thought they changed scenes often and with ease.
Sitting second row in the audience I barely noticed scene change.
They do a good job of distracting you while stuff gets rearranged.
The show is sexy, but I do think that for a 10:30pm show called pinup, from a playmate such as Claire St. Claire, I was surprised that it wasn't topless.
I expected more tease and burlesque dancing, but this is definitely not that kind of show.
After looking over some of the other reviews I also noticed that they must have revised the show recently.
I definitely appreciate a show that is willing to change things that aren't working to make room for the stuff that is working.

I like her hat!

Still makes me so sad that I have no choice but to give this show only 2 stars, maybe 2.5 if I had the option.
First off, if you're looking to buy tickets and if you don't know this already about shows in general... do not reserve front-row seats.
It does your eyes no justice!
You'll just be watching feet all night or end up coming out the theatre with a crooked, sore neck.
I love the whole burlesque scene and I was excited that this would be my first  burlesque show with the gorgeous Claire Sinclaire.
And then quickly disappointed when I realized that she was only making making 1-2min appearances on stage for each act.
Throughout the whole night you're mainly being entertained by her back-up dancers, the band, and a singer, with her coming in at the end to do a quick wave or kick and then run back off stage.
It's not a total let down cause the dancers are really great at what they do.
The stage set-up reminded me a lot of a highschool play, moving props and shuffling around in the dark as they switch to the next act.
I don't expect anything more than that though, since the stage in general is pretty small and I'm sure the budget isn't very high.
They could however, update the back curtains.
Looks like something they kept from the 80s -- dark velvet curtains wtih glowling multi-color lights splattered all over...  My expectations were much higher for this show only because I recently saw a 1-2hr burlesque performance that was part of a dinner at a restaurant in TX.
They honestly did 10x better with belly dancing, songs from NINE, Chicago, and classic burlesque songs (like 'Hey big spenndaar') with their own in-house piano player.
I think this show could live up to it's full potential without making any number changes... they just need to add some more 'Claire time' in the show.
Afterall, that's what we're all paying to see in the end right?

Thanks again to Mary Rose F., a bunch of Yelpers got to see Pin Up.
Focusing on the Calendar Girl of the Pin up era.
5 dancers, a 6-person live band, one singer, and the hostess Claire Sinclair put on a pretty good production mixing in a little bit of big band, pole dancing, burlesque,etc.
The show was done tastefully without being sleazy.
Being co-produced by none other than Frankie Moreno, the band and their music selections added life to the show.
The dancers and their acts were pretty good as well.
Choreographed by Lacey Schwimmer(Dancing with the Stars/So You Thnk You Can Dance?
) The dancers displayed lots of athleticism in each number.
Miss Sinclair would make an appearance every once in awhile and act as a narrator too, but in the Asian number, she revealed the twins(with pasties, of course) which I thought(as well as everyone else) was part of the show!?!?
Apparently not, as it was featured in an article in The Las Vegas Sun a few days later that she went off script and did her own thing!
Maybe because Yelp was in the house?
(She even gave us a shout out!
) Not too sure if that was a one time thing or that its part of the show now.
Overall, a good show, and we even got to do a meet and greet with the cast afterwards.....ALOHA!!

As a show, Pin Up is somewhere in the middle when it comes to quality and entertainment.
Clair Sinclair's role in Pin Up is equivalent to Holly Madison's role in Peepshow, in that the two cannot dance at all but they are there because of their celebrity status.
I enjoyed seeing Clair walking around the state and shaking her booty at the audience, the dancers as well as Ann the singer.
Over all though, I think iCandy burlesque is a better show than Pin Up.
The singing was better, more sultry and seductive.

BERRRRRRRY SALADDDDDD~!!!
hehe follow Claire on Instagram ;)   Went with a few Yelpers on a Friday night with comped tickets thanks to Mary Rose ;]]]  My man and I were running a few minutes late but we still stopped for drinks at the showroom bar ($20 for a beer and an extra strong crown & diet) and the ushers weren't rude about it at all and showed us to our table ..
I would say a pro about this show is that there really aren't any bad seats in the house since the theatre is not too large..
I thought it was really cute how the show is set up to follow the months of the calendar..
I enjoyed the live band and all of the dancers were very talented as well as the lead singer, who stopped to play with my hair in one of the acts LOLOL.. My favorite acts included the one on the stripper pole and the one with the swing dancers..
The show didn't show as much skin as I thought it was going to but it's still very sexy..
Apparently Claire even gave us Yelpers an extra special something by flashing us with some pasties:     http://www.lasvegassun.com/blogs/kats-report/2013/jun/25/its-girls-night-out----least-one-show----claire-si/#axzz2YURbJRoY  I would compare this show to Peepshow at PH.. main difference being that it's not as risqué..
I was hoping Claire had more scenes in the show but that's to be expected I guess..   Over-all I thought the show was very cute and it even has me wanting to dress up like a pin up gal~    HOT TIP: Although I enjoyed the show..
I'm not too sure I would pay $50+ for it so use a company like Tix 4 Tonight to get discounted tickets ~!!

I went to this show bcos i really like Claire and she is one of the rare celebrity you can see so down to earth and has a really great  personalty.
This show need more of her entertaining and less of the other people dancing.
I am not saying the other dancers ain't good though.
But most people come to this show to see Claire's dancing....i recommend this show to any one.

I feel sorry for people that paid to see this.
My hubby is a taxi driver so our tickets where free.
To much down time between the next act.
Their lead signer was not always in key and the playmate bunny of the year that you see for maybe 5 min out of the whole show?
When you do its awkward sometime with her stories.... Hubby would have rather starred at a calendar then sit to watch this.

A big thanks to Mary Rose F for inviting us to the show.
I have to be honest, I didn't have high hopes for the show with it being at the Stratosphere, (Bite anyone)?
Since I had recently seen Frankie Moreno, I did change my attitude toward the Strat though.
Everyone has pretty much summed up the theme of the show already, so I'm just gonna add my personal favs and some misses.
I get that Claire is the big name of the show that is supposed to draw people in, I just wish she had a bigger part in it.
She is absolutely gorgeous, but her narrating portion of the seemed a bit awkward and unnatural to me.
All the different acts were pretty decent, but I must say, Cory (the blonde dancer) stole the show.
I thought she was awesome.
Her fireman pole fitness/dancing scene was my favorite act of the entire show.
The singer was good, but a couple scenes were a bit rough (the song Girl on Fire needs to be replaced).
Anyways, the show isnt' great but it isn't terrible either.

I was looking forward to a show in Vegas.
We were staying at the Stratosphere so we did receive discount tickets (if I had paid full price I would have been fully ripped off).
The headliner Clair SinClair....has a nice speaking voice perhaps her next gig will be to replace Vanna White on Wheel of Fortune, she is pretty but her part in the show is minimal at best.
Her speaking parts left the audience wondering why she was speaking.
The dancers are good and the singer is good for most of the numbers but some were hard on the ears.
The band is very good, we would have rather listened to them.
One of the people in our party even fell asleep that is how good the show was.
We stayed thinking it would get better, it really didn't.
The first half is definitely better...so if you want to leave do so by June it is pretty much down hill from there.
The show is a run through Claire's pin up calendar.... longest year of our lives!
We were eagerly awaiting Christmas but it never came.
If you want entertainment at the Stratosphere go see Frankie Moreno.... that show EVERYONE ENJOYED!

Saw the September 7th show.
It was entertaining which is my minimum requirement of any performance.
Just understand that Claire Sinclair is the draw, but not the talent of the show.
Don't get me wrong, she is super sexy but that is her greatest attribute.
The real talent is found in her dancers, musicians, and the true headliner--the blonde lead singer (didn't catch and couldn't find her name).
The dancers are equally as sexy as Sinclair.
The part I enjoyed the most was a solo with just the band and no one else on the stage, in which they played a jazz set.
With beautiful, scantily clad women that can dance or sing and a very good band, how could one not be entertained.
The playmate is just to sell the tickets and lure patrons into seeing the real talent.
This show will entertain--but not awe you.

This show was a bit cheap for me.
For the price that people would pay for, I'm not too sure that it's worth it.
It pretty much dragged on after 30 minutes in.
Clair Sinclair isn't really talent of the night.
I think they should give more props to the dancers and singer because they made the show happen.
Every once in a while Sinclair would strut herself with a little tease though.
It was just not what I expected.

We went to see this show this past Sunday evening and I was really excited.
My thought was..."wow, a playmate in pinup and she will have some talent!
"  I couldn't have been more wrong.
Let me just say that Claire Sinclaire was worthless in the show.
The singer, Lisa Marie, ROCKED it, the dancers were great, especially the male and the band was awesome.
They went through the months of the year like a calendar and all Claire did was make some appearances to take her clothes off and bounce.
She has no stage presence and can't speak worth a darn.
I get that she's used to draw people, being 2011 playmate of the year, but she either needs to take some acting lessons or stay off the stage.
Again, please note, that the cast(other than Claire) itself was worth a 2 for 1 price because we were staying the Stratoshpere, however, we ended up getting free tickets from Ray the elevator man.
The 3 stars is for the cast of the show.
Just know what to expect from Claire and you'll be fine.

I saw this once during a UYE thanks to my good Yelp friend Mary Rose F. I thought then it was just an ok 3 stars.
It didn't really appeal to me very much.
I was thinking maybe I was tired that night.
So I watch it again with some friends from out of town.
After seeing it again for the second time, now I knew I have seen better.
So the show is called Pin Up featuring Claire Sinclair.
The theme is based on all 12 months of the calendar.
You have a live band with a lead singer, some female dancers, and one guy.
*Yawn.
That's the show in a nutshell.
Very dangerous to those allergic to nuts.
I gotta admit, when I saw on the billboard outside it says Playboy Playmate of the Year 2011 Claire Sinclair, I was thinking..........BOOBIES!
After all, this is Vegas with strip clubs on just about every street corner.
Imagine, Claire and what ever other chick she has with her jumping on a trampoline, sucking on a lolipop in one hand and a remote control in the other changing channels looking for the big game..........................ok, so I got carried away a little bit.
The trampoline was a bit much.
How bout washing a car while eating a bacon cheeseburger?
Anyways, I have nothing against Claire.
She has a pretty face and tight body but that's about it.
She cant dance or sing.
My wife even remarked to me that her voice sounds pretty low.
I guess she really belongs in a magazine because there is no action involved.
What I found weird was that Claire was not even the main focus of the show.
I would say she made her presence known about 40 percent of the time.
The lead singer and the back up dancers were pretty much the whole show.
There was a moment where one of the blonde voluptuous dancers did a stripper type dance type routine on a stripper pole.
It's not a trampoline but hay, im a guy, I will take whatever slutty entertainment that is given to me.
So for those that are thinking about seeing this show, make sure you are not tired and I suggest you drink up.
Sometimes things are a little bit more entertaining when you are drunk or at least buzzed.
Plus the cocktail waitresses will be able to earn their money.

If you like big band music and clothed dancers.
This is descent for a discount price.
Don't recommend paying full price.
Claire Sinclair wasn't really necessary but she's hot.
Get your picture after the show for free which is a nice souvenir l.

The music and the outfits were the most memorable part of the show for me.
I am glad I got to experience it and though it was clever the way they used the calendar months in the show, but don't think we will be doing an encore anytime soon.
Some parts were really dragged out but was also glad to see a male performer in the mix.
The ladies are beautiful and the main singer and band are amazing.
I really dig this type of art but just wish it was more memorable.

This show was by far one of the best productions I've seen.
Claire Sinclair is the cutest thing I've ever seen.

What a great show!
The singing, the dancing and most of all the beautiful Pi Up girls!
But most of all the stunning Clair Sinclair!!!!
The show took me and my wife by surprise it was really a great show, and fit for anyone over 21 that does not mind seeing a little skin!
I highly recommend this show, and maybe before you go try the amazing restaurant On Top of The World above the statisphire!

I am not a dancer, but I have a history in Theater, so I have a fairly high expectation when it comes to shows.
Also, this is Las Vegas, which is kinda the Broadway of Burlesque style shows, so I expect a certain minimal quality.
This show is awful.
It is "Pinup with Claire Sinclair" and Claire Sinclair was only in about 10 minutes of the whole show.
Then again, she couldn't dance, and didn't sing, so it was probably good she wasn't in it more.
The theme of the show is a pinup calendar, with each musical number corresponding with a month.
There is a live band on stage, a lead singer, 4 females dancers, one male dancer, and Claire Sinclair.
The problem is that it felt choppy and disjointed.
The set designs were pretty good, but the flow of the show was broken up by the set change after each number, and one month didn't really correspond with the next.
The lighting and sound crew seemed amateur, and the mic kept cutting out every time the lead singer hit a high note.
The band was pretty good, but the drummer had a little problem keeping tempo steady, so none of the dancers were in sync.
Beyond that, the dancers were sloppy.
Their movements weren't sharp, and their arms were rubbery rather than "popping.
"   The girls didn't seem to care, the smiles seemed forced, and the one male dancer in the show made several mistakes including kicking on of the female dancers in her calf during one of the numbers.
The overall feeling we got from this cast was, "We're just going through the motions until this show can be cancelled"   All in all, I've seen high school dance troops that felt more polished and professional than the dancers in this show, and nothing about this was worthy of the $50 ticket price.
With all of the shows available in this town, I'm astounded that this show wasn't cancelled after the first week.

I have no idea why others have given this show such low ratings!
I got a free ticket to go this evening and was eyeing the exits as I was seated, just in case I decided to make an early escape, but found myself enjoying it a lot more than I expected.
Host/star Claire Sinclair introduces herself and the other members of the show, but essentially just has the occasional walk-on role and bounces her titties around for a few minutes- she's not actually a big part of the show.
Speaking of the word "show" this show is about an hour and a half long, and has no plot whatsoever- which makes it seem to drag on, even if it is entertaining.
Other than screens showing monthly calendar pages at random intervals, with the occasional seasonally-themed song and dance, there isn't a story to go with the singing and dancing.
That being said, the main singer is Lisa Marie Smith and she has a decent bluesy voice- at some times she seemed to have a vocal backing track but other times she very clearly was really singing, and doing a damn good job of it, too.
Songs include old school jazz house hits through fairly-current  top-40 songs by Katy Perry, Gwen Stefani, Beyoncé, and even Christina Aguilera.
There are at least thirty different songs and dances, most of which have their own choreography, costume changes and/or props.
The dancers, wow- I was really surprised.
There are different segments that span almost every kind of specialized dance and each member of the show seems to be specifically chosen for their training in a different type: there's swing, ballet, pole, jazz, and tap, and I'm sure I'm forgetting some, too.
Great dancing and singing, quality lighting, sound and choreography.
Show is well organized and highlights their talented cast and crew.
Lastly, the house band  is a live 6 piece with drums, bass, guitar, sax, trombone and another horn, and they seem to have been practicing a lot with the dancers- other reviews state that timing was off or that dancing was weak, but that was not my experience at all: dancers were in sync with the music, everyone was on point and in time with each other, and I didn't notice a single mistake by any of the five dancers.
The one lone male dancer guy's pretty cute too.

I liked the show but I really wish Claire Sinclair was in the show more than 10 minutes.
It was fairly priced for the quality of the show.

I enjoyed the hell out of this show!
If you long for the old forgotten days of burlesque and swing band in Vegas then this is the show for you.
Beautiful cast with real beauty which is sometimes hard to find in this town.
Sexy and tastefully done Claire  Sinclair is dream worthy.
I feel like I was transported back to the 40's.
The band was exceptional!

Got free tickets to watch this show and wasn't sure what to expect.
The theater was a good size and didn't really have bad seats since it was a smaller theater.
The costumes and girls dancing were good, there was a small dance flaw I noticed during one of the routines but we all make mistakes in our jobs too right?
I think I just noticed it more because we were seated in the 2nd row from the stage.
Besides that I think this was a great show to watch with great music, and costumes, just wish it was a little earlier, 10pm show on a weeknight was a little late for me...
But when in Vegas.....

This show is not worth the time that you would spend to watch it.
If you are absolutely so desperate to see a show go to planet hollywood.
There are inexpensive shows that are fun to watch.
I can not understand any person giving this less than professional show a good rating.
Hopefully Statosphere will get REPLACE Pin Up.
THIS IS A LOOSER SHOW.
This show is one you should miss.

As a Stratosphere hotel guest you can get a VIP ticket package for $41 a person.
The package includes VIP seats which are very close to the stage but not too close that you can't see the show.
You get 2 drinks per person and you can pretty much get whatever you want.
I drank manhattan's and my husband drank captain and gingers.
You also receive 2 photographs of starlet Claire Sinclair that you can have autographed after the show.
The show was ok.
It wasn't amazing by any means but it was entertaining.
The dancers and musicians were phenomenal with a great singer as well.
Claire Sinclair is really only part of the show for 10 minutes.
I had read this in other reviews and wasn't sure if it was just an exaggeration but after seeing it---yea it was probably 10 minutes.
Listed as the starlet of the show, she really didn't do anything star worthy other than look beautiful, strut around the stage like it was a beauty pageant, wink and smile, and shake her chest.
Beautiful girl.
No dancing talent and she didn't sing.
The dancers were really great.
They each had a solo in the show which I really enjoyed.
There was ballet, lyrical dance, tap, and pole dancing.
There were many other great dance numbers as well but I was really excited to see ballet, lyrical, and tap.
There were themes for each scene too.
The idea is that you go through a pin up calendar from the 1940s.
One theme was for baseball, one was in a bedroom with a french maid, one was of april showers, one was halloween, cowgirl, etc.
The themes were fun.
Enjoyable show if you are looking for something relatively inexpensive and not cheesy.
If you have high expectations, go see a cirque show.

I just saw the new Claire Sinclair Pin Up burlesque performance, and I was blown away!
The updated version of burlesque was fast-paced and high-energy for the modern audience while maintaining the glamour and class real burlesque is known for.
The Pin Up Players are phenomenal, and the dancers wowed with their style, enthusiasm, and athleticism.
The singer, Lisa Marie, does an excellent job tackling renditions of Christina's Candy Man and even Garbage's Only Happy When it Rains.
As a local, I will be sure to attend again and again!
I recommend it to anyone looking to experience a fun, flirty, sexy show.

I recently read that the Pin Up Shows contract was extended another year.
What is Statosphere thinking.
All I can say is...someone must be paying Statosphere to run this terrible show....do Not waste your time or money.

Before seeing Pin Up, I was already aware that the show was a "clean" burlesque show-meaning that there was no nudity.
I received comped tickets for this show and managed to score seating at a comfy booth in the third row back.
I didn't really have high expectations for Pin Up walking in, and the show indeed turned out to be just "okay".
Pin Up is supposed to be Playmate of 2011 Claire Sinclair's show, but in actuality she is more of a side note to her own show.
She is mostly in the background bouncing around awkwardly or is being danced around by the professional cast.
Sinclair neither sings or dances.
She has a few solo acts where she strips down and makes sure to shake her boobs and butt a lot, but her performance ends there.
While there is no nudity, Sinlcair does *spoiler alert* bare just about all in a g-string and nipple tassels during one act.
The show itself is organized on the months of the year beginning with January and ending in December.
The show lasts an hour and half (a bit too long for my taste).
Sinclair's four female dancers and one male dancer make up most up the show.
A singer and 6-piece band provide the background music to the show, but have their own solo acts as well.
My favorite part of the show was a swing dancing skit accompanied by big band music.
It is evident that Sinclair's dancers are professional dancers with training in ballet and tap-dance.
All the dancers and musicians were on point as far as I could tell.
Overall, the show was unnecessarily lengthy in time and was organized poorly.
The professional dancers, singer, and six-piece band were talented and entertaining but not enough to reconcile the show's drawbacks.
I would really only recommend this show if you were a huge fan of Claire Sinclair.

My friend and I went to the show.
We love 40's and 50's inspired music and clothing.
Well, it was not what we expected.
Yes, it is Clair Sinclair so there is going to be a lot of T & A, but it really isn't  a good show.
The soloist is good, but we wouldn't recommend this show.
With all due respect, Claire is not an entertainer.

Let me begin by saying how much I love  Burlesque although I felt this show had a little different vibe.
Essentially Claire St. Claire a former Playmate is the star of the show  and she is in great shape and does the whole pastie /lingerie look which she rocks and has the look for.
I feel she is quickly overshadowed by her band who was amazing as well as her dancers.
The four stars is for the amazing dancing, we all left wanting to take swing classes.
These girls are very talented and add so much to the show.
Lisa Marie is the singer and her voice is amazing as well!
I was shocked that the crowd was so quiet after all you did sign up to see a Burlesque show in Vegas.
Clearly this may not be for everyone especially if you are uptight.
We had a great time and if you enjoy and appreciate the art of dance you will truly enjoy.
After the show they all came out and took pics and signed autographs .
They even thanked us for being such a live/vibrant group which was very sweet.

After reading some of the other reviews, I just had to leave my own thoughts.
Yes, Claire gets upstaged in her own show.
She is obviously gorgeous and looks amazing.
She also seems to have a fun personality, which I do wish we could have seen more of.
However, the dancers are phenomenal, and they go through all kinds of styles of dance.
Their one male dancer is beautiful so ladies who aren't exactly enthused by lady parts definitely have some eye candy throughout the show.
The singer, Lisa Marie, is a joy to watch and listen to.
She is flirty, sexy, and just downright talented.
There is no plot; it's more of a revue.
But it is fun, flirty, and tasteful.
I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for that.

