Fantastic airport lounge, likely the best I have experienced in the US.
Food was above average, as was drink selection.
Service was impeccable and lounge environment was classy, and open.
I would recommend anyone that can visit this club do so...

Since American does not operate an Admiral's Club in Las Vegas, it was nice to find the brand new Centurion club in Concourse D, just down the hall from the AA gates.
Opened barely a week, everything is fresh and new.
The club is exclusive to Amex card members.
I took advantage of a free pass, but unless you have a Centurion card, expect to pay $50 per person to use the club.
Unlike other domestic airline clubs, the Centurion offers a nice buffet and free (and decent quality) drinks.
Unless I was planning on spending an extended amount of time, I would have a hard time drinking fifty bucks of booze, but it is a pleasant place to spend the time.
I did not try the buffet, but it did look pretty good.
Service is attentive and friendly, with coffee and water served at my seat, and plenty of refills.
Among the amenities, they have free wifi (separate from the airport-wide wifi), a variety of comfortable seating areas, lots of outlets, a kids play area, and a shower facility.
All in all, a very nice facility, and a welcome refuge from the noisy concourse.

Thanks Amex for the free invite.
Free food, free alcohol, shower that put my vegas hotel shower to shame.

First Class facility and staff.
It's a much better value than buying a one day pass to the United Club.
The food was excellent and the atmosphere was extremely quiet.
If you close your eyes, you would never know you we're in an airport.
The staff is extremely attentive, I almost felt like I was visiting an all inclusive resort.

Absolutely amazing space to wait for your flight!
The food was great and the drinks were plentiful!
The Wi-Fi was honestly the strongest I've ever seen.
I had a free pass but I will absolutely pay the $50 entrance fee next time I in Vegas!

Hands down the best lounge in USA (and I mean USA only!
)   I travel a lot and have been through many perks in my life while traveling.
My parents are both million mile flyers  We've been to HK lounge w/ full on buffet + lots of different perks.
But we've never seen something like this within USA.
This has to be hands down the best lounge with actual food served.
The place opened 3 weeks ago with a full on staff of chefs.
I heard that the food that they use are all organic.
Everything is served fresh from 5am to midnight.
What else can you ask for?
Well, full on bar without charge!
you can ask for all kinds of drinks (alcohol or non-alcohol + coffee).
Servers comes to serve or they assist you to what you need.
The have office on hand for meetings + family room for parents to play with kids.
You can also check out tablets to use while your stay.
Oh, did I mention crazy internet speeds?
Since I only have 5 visits, after the 5, it would be charged.
I wouldn't rate this a 5 if i had to pay for the service (all my perks are free since we're all million mile flyers).

Was very impressed with the layout, the food, and the bar.
everything was top notch.
a lot of attention to detail.
The food had a lot of fresh healthy options to choose from which I really liked.
they had a full bar and fresh juices.
The seating arrangements were very comfortable and the windows were nice and open.
I am so glad I got to experience a few hours of this amazing place.
Thanks Amex!!

Faced a 4 hr.
wait between checkout at hotel and flight.
Great place to spend time.
Spacious, pretty, very attentive staff, good food, good wine, password protected wifi, even lounge type chairs to lie down on and rest.
Because it's behind security and you can get here from SWA (with minor hassles) without having to go through again, would consider leaving early and getting work done with a bite to eat while waiting to board.

Came here on a free year pass and it's the best airport lounge I've ever been in.
I came here with the wife and I had a long 4 hours until my departure.
The service was very attentive and the lunch buffet was definitely better than most food at an airport lounge and definitely the best I've had in the US.
I had 5 drinks at the bar (negroni (x2), old fashioned, manhattan, and a gold rush which was one of their signature cocktails) and all were well made.
Pretty much no way to complain about any of it and if you have a free pass or are lucky enough to be a black card holder - you'd be crazy not to stop by.

Compared to all other airport lounges in the US, they deserve 5 stars.
The food was fresh, well prepared, and tasty.
The service from the bartender to the wait staff was very good as well.
the seating is comfortable and wifi is pretty fast.
And everything was clean and appeared well maintained.
Wish I could have spent another hour there.

Looking for a place to pass some time while waiting for a flight, then this is the place.
I like the comfortable environment to relax between flight and the service from the team here is great.
The food is very good and I would recommend checking it out.
For a professional traveler, this is a great find.

Wonderful lounge at the Las Vegas airport!
Staff is very professional and courteous.
The space is plush and modern, arranged so there are ample cozy spots so you don't feel you're among many other people.
All seats seemed to have at least four plugs so iPhones, iPads, laptops, etc... can be charged simultaneously.
There is an open bar and buffet, conference room, showers, long tables, cushy chairs, built-in seats, etc... You can't hear the general airport announcements so it's very peaceful, but there are screens with flight info that can be seen from most seating areas.

Fantastic Airport lounge!
Great Job by American Express.
The lounge has a very Modern and colourful look.
Free catered buffett that is really tasty and recommended.
They have many different types of seating, with Power, USB and ethernet jacks.
They even have waiter service at no charge!
Great Job!
They should have these in every major airport.

Everything you want in a lounge while traveling exists here.
Nice job, AMEX!
Now, build a few more so I can enjoy it more often :-)

All you can eat organic food & all you can drink full bar - what's not to love?
Maybe the fact that I mainly fly Southwest  and this is in the D terminal, but it's definitely worth the side trip!

Absolutely amazing!!!
Fantastics facilities, food and service.
Can't imagine a better way to pass the time in an airport.
Really hope to have one of these in Miami one day.

The place is very sleek and modern.
I entered the lounge and was very impressed with the place.
I came around 10:30pm.
so the lounge was pretty empty and very peaceful.
I was able to find a seat basically anywhere I wanted and all of the seats looks so comfortable.
I walked around for a bit and found a chase lounge.
"Oh, how awesome.
" I said to myself.
I thought I was about to fall asleep on this chase lounge.
One of the workers asked me if I wanted anything to drink or if he can bring anything.
Very professional.
I looked at their menu, but didnt taste any food since I was not hungry at the time.
The food looked delicious but I'm pretty sure they were probably cold.
They have section for children it looks like a little play room which I thought was a a very nice touch because it was the first lounge I have seen where they have a place for kids.
They did a wonderful job with this lounge and maybe next time I would love to taste their food.

Lowering the stars after few recent travels overseas.
Anyways, after 4 months since my last visit...
SAME FOOD!
No changes.
This place is suppose to have a full staff preparing food.
They still served the same chicken and pasta.
So basically, same thing on the menu for 4 months.
What happens if your a frequent traveler and visit Vegas 4 times a year?
Good thing I don't have to pay.
If I did, I expect them to change things up a bit for freshness.

I just stepped into a modern MadMen Episode, never have a felt so pampered in an Airport!?!
American Express you need to start adding these around the country!
DFW First Please :-)

The two main benefits of The Centurion are the abundance of power outlets and (if you're as tired as I was and had a little bit of luck) being able to snag one of the large, cushion-y black chairs with sidewalls for additional privacy.
Secondary benefits are the modern look of the space and the availability of small tables and lounge areas for those travelling in a group.
There also appeared to be a kids play area which would probably be appreciated by parents.
The complimentary "catered buffet" did not seem like a selling point, and it's almost comical for The Centurion's offering to be described as such by the front desk host.
The food available was very limited and looked downright unappetizing.
I passed and instead helped myself to a plastic cup of the mango iced tea (with ice in adjacent ice bucket).
If every visit were complimentary with one's Platinum Card dues, I would probably rate The Centurion at 3-stars.
At $50 for non-AMEX Black Card holders, I drop The Centurion down to 2-stars, reserving it only for more dire situations where one might be stranded at the airport for an extended period of time (and unwilling or unable to head back to the posh confines of many of The Strip's larger resorts).

I had a complimentary visit to the lounge and decided to use it when my father insisted that I arrive at the airport two hours before my flight.
Full bar, buffet, tons of outlets, lounging space, printer, and bathrooms.
THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO FLY.
Okay, except that it's $50 PER DAY with your AmEx card.
I mean, if I was abandoned for several hours and wanted to get schnockered/take a nap before my flight, I'd definitely consider paying it, but it is not something I could make a habit of.
The buffet included roast beef paninis, manchego mac and cheese, a red quinoa salad, sweet potatoes, and other healthy fare.
I snagged a few cookies for the plane (I was flying Allegiant, budget airline of everyone's chagrin, and knew I'd get hungry) before heading off---not bad for a few dollars' tip.

Little bit of paradise outside of D4, Concourse D.  SWANK AND CONTEMPORARY, DESIGNERS PARADISE AND HIGH QUALITY EVERYTHING,  love the little pods and designs of private spaces for this $50/ head entry for AMEX holders.
Luckily, we received complimentary passes,  Blown away by the beautiful decor.
I seriously would not have minded staying all day in an airport, if I get to do it in style and relaxation too.
There are even tablets and headphones to borrow!!
Shower stall room sports L'Occitane prodocts,  All premium cocktails are included at the bar.
They start serving at 11:30; guess who was waiting for 1130?!!
:) Service and wait staff were prompt and courteous.
Cosmo's Scott Conant heads the buffet bar.
It is small...but it is very yummy.
Usually only 3-4 offerings for breakfast and for lunch, but again, so good.
Tried fresh compote pancakes and a bit of herb frittata.
Espresso machine and mimosas.
Then for lunch, a great roasted veg soup, Italian gnudi ( fresh, but needed bit more flavor), and the best braised short ribs...had to nab several of those!
Watermelon guava agua fresca, mango Ceylon iced tea for those who don't drink.
Dessert included vanilla panna cotta, cookies, truffle brownie, and berry crumble bars.
I rolled out of the lounge and wished against turbulence in getting home.
Thank goodness I had to get over to Terminal 1: forced a much-needed walk!
Platinum and one other category AmEx holders: complimentary access.

If you are used to the Business Class or First Class lounges of some of the international carriers (Emirates, Singapore Airlines, Cathay Pacific, BA @ Heathrow), then this lounge is nothing special and will disappoint.
But relative to the other US-based carriers' "lounges," it's a big step-up.
Not entirely sure if it warrants a $50 entrance and ironic that even Amex's own lounge doesn't accept the Priority Pass Select that Platinum card members get (it's being accepted at fewer and fewer locations).
Food was okay and beverages selection was about what you'd expect.
Not bad, not great.
Definitely not "amazing" or "out of this world" as some of the other reviews here suggest.

Sweet little piece of comfort pie.
I was invited to preview this lounge a few months back and then again in June.
Both times were so tranquil and nice.
Exactly what I needed after a weekend in Vegas.
I don't remember what was for dinner I just remember liking it.
alot.
The have couches and pods every to hang out.
Plenty of power outlets.
And super fast internet.
The most distinct and favorite thing of mine is their espresso/coffee machine thingi.
It made me delicious hot chocolate.
Which I had with several cookies.
mmmm.
I then took a nap until my date woke me up for our flight :)  Definitely awesome.

As with all things Vegas, everything is just flashier.
Apparently this also applies to airport lounges.
We had a layover here on our way home to Hawaii and my husband had received a promotional free access (otherwise it's $50/person if you're an AMEX holder), so we decided to give it a try.
It's right by the D4 gate access and even the entrance alone is out to impress (see picture).
It feels more like an entrance to a club or nice restaurant rather than an entrance to an airport lounge.
Entry was easy and we felt welcomed.
Decor tastefully done in modern style.
I love the individual seats that were nest-like and gave lots of privacy.
The food was delicious, and the cocktails superb.
My husband brought up a good point, though: Vegas doesn't seem the ideal  city to have this lounge.
It's not a major hub, and if you really had more than 5 hours to kill, why not place your luggage into one of the airport lockers and go to the strip.
The lounge closes at 12am so you can't really use it as a hotel to sleep overnight, go to one of the numerous places on the strip instead.
That being said, I do appreciate it for what it is.
An extension of Vegas extravagance.

Yeah, It's AMEX, and its Centurion.
5 Star all the way.
Great food, very relaxing, awesome staff!
Special Gift for Black Card holders which is cool too.
Will be back anytime coming through vegas!

Date of visit: 8/12/13  After raging for 4 days in Sin City, I needed to relax and catch up on some zzzz's  My body was telling me to stop the madness.
I had about 4 hours before my flight and the last thing I wanted to do was drive around Vegas or wait around the terminal.
Location: Concourse D next to gate D4  Hours: 5:00am - 12:00am  Price: $50 for non Centurion holders            Free for Centurion holders + 2 guest  This place is legit.
Its very spacious.
The food is fresh, prepared daily in their own kitchen and its always stocked.
Employees were always on their game.
Very professional.
There are chaise lounges to just relax and look out onto the tarmac.
I missed breakfast becuase of a late check out (no suprise) so I only got a chance to try out their lunch/dinner selections:  All good.
After consuming steak, seafood, and carbs I needed to gorge on the greens.
Farro and Grilled Corn Salad Arugula, Radicchio, and Endive Salad with Pine Nut Vinaigrette Spinach and Ricotta Gnudi Braised Short Ribs of Beef with Creamy Polenta Roasted Zucchini Mint, Almonds and Parmigiano Vanilla Honey Panna Cotta with Summer Berries Heriloom tomatoes Chocolate chip cookies and brownies Turkey and swiss panini  Drinks: Drip coffee was exceptional!
!,  espresso machine, watermelon coolie, hot tea, iced tea.
Full bar with premium beers, spirits, and nice selection of wines.
Although they did not have Chardonnay.
However, the bartender did offer a nice Pinot Grigio that paired nicely with my salad.
High speed internet for guest with the use of their access code.
10mb down 2mb up.
Concierge service: they'll make it happen.
The mens bathroom has one stand up urinal and 2 stalls.
Their stalls had full doors.
Modern sink with french soaps from L'Occitane.
Yes, there's a shower and products from L'Occitane.
Conference room and Family area to keep kids occupied.
Although during my visit the famiy room was occupied by a bunch of adults holding a meeting.
A few personal computers  and an all in one printer copy fax machine that works!
Plenty of TV's but who cares?
Just take in everything this lounge has to offer.
Check in was easy.
Just show them your card, id, and boarding pass.
Its hard to justify spending $50 to stay at the Centurion Lougne but if you have lots of time to kill then I suggest you take advantage of this place.
There's music playing but its faint and purely instrumental.
I would compare it to something you'd hear at a spa.
My flight was delayed 15 minutes and I was actually glad it happened  LoL!!
Cons: Only filtered tap water.
No bottled water.
Jeeze, even The Club (see my review) offered Crystal Geyser and Perrier.
The potential of running into a douche-bag of a guest.

If you're at the Vegas airport for more than a few hours to kill... this place is worth it.
Food and great drinks (not just wine and beers!
) are all included.
Pretty relaxing environment... people are actually sleeping in these little cubby-hole sofas all around (staying pretty late at this airport).
There is definitely more cooked food than I've seen at other airport lounges.
Staff is friendly and accommodating.
I definitely recommend!

Stunning addition to the airport lounge offerings at LAS.
Excellent complimentary food including soup, salad, sandwiches, and delicious short ribs.
Attentive and efficient service.
And, of course, any place that offers complimentary Johnny Walker Blue, can hardly be rated less than five stars.
Congratulations American Express.
You hit a home run!!!

Came here for a promotional deal.
So awesome I'd probably pay the $50 to come in next time if I needed to kill time before a flight.
Food is excellent.
Bartenders know how to mix a cocktail.
Amenities are great.

Better than the other clubs with true meal service.
The wine and liquor selection is really nice as is the food.
The service left a little to be desired.
It is in a  convenient location in the airport, but not every AMEX member gets in for free.
Please do not throw a hissy fit if for some reason you do not.
It is annoying to those around you and you should be embarrassed.

Finally was flying out of concourse D at LAS and gave it a whirl.
Centurion card holder so entrance was free and received a complimentary Johnnie Walker blue label shot.
Nice touch.
Excellent selection of heavy snacks and seating was great.
The only other Centurion lounge I've entered is at the Mexico City airport, which was not nearly as equipped or polished.
Over the past five or so years of having a Centurion card, I've watched the cardmember benefits drop year after year while the annual fee has remained the same... so it's encouraging to see AMEX regain focus on cardholders.

I think AMEX is trying to court me into some higher annual membership fee credit card and I think I like it.
Who wouldn't love a complimentary cocktail bar and buffet line to break up the busy hustle of travel?
This is a haven for the weary, but not the masses.
Take privacy in a little nook area or sit out in the dining floor and chat with fellow travelers.
Super nice perk.

I must be missing something.
My experience was sub-par to other airport lounges I've been to.
Modern furniture doesn't have to be uncomfortable but it is here.
It came across ultra-plain / Ikea-esque.
A waitress came by and asked if I wanted something to drink so I said; yes, thank you, cofffee please.
To which she respond - oh you can get that yourself.
The coffee machine is over there.
Okay but why did you ask?
So put me down as a No Thanks on this.
Oh and to the one who wrote the "don't throw a hissy fit"....shut up and get over yourself,  a hole.

Was excited to try out this lounge but highly disappointed when I realized I couldn't since I was flying SW an gate D doesn't allow access if you're coming from C!
What's the point or a membership when you don't get to enjoy the perks?
I was really looking forward to trying out the lounge and getting some relaxation since my flight was delayed.

Amazing, I really think AMEX is doing the right thing to improve their branding.
It made the trip ending very high class and comfortable.

This lounge is the best domestic lounge in the country that I've been to.
It is much more akin to the lounges you find in Europe.
In addition it adds incredible value to Amex cardholders,.
I'm currently sitting on a chaise lounge looking out over a dark ramp area.
I have finished two of the servings of the braised short ribs which are terrific as well as some excellent salad and pasta.
I'm also enjoying a delightful cocktail with Bulleit Bourbon and honey.
I'm also listening to music on my computer with Sony headphones that I've borrowed,    Bathrooms are wonderful and the lounge is well appointed and incredibly comfortable.
Amex recently opened up free access to Platinum members and their guests in addition to Centurions.
I hope to see more of these lounges around the country.

Outstanding!
First of all, the food is delicious.
I'll put that turkey sandwich against anything else in the airport any day.
And they had 3 different deserts, all fresh and made on premise.
The service resembles something you'd see in a restaurant, clearing plates etc.
Come to the airport a few mins early and enjoy...

Great place to relax before your flight!
Great service and relaxing chic atmosphere.
Perfect alternative to your normal airline club if there isn't one nearby.
Light buffet for lunch and I'm sure for other meals as well.
Bar and wifi as well.

Best way to relax in Vegas before your flight home!
They definitely know how to pamper you here.
Two words: Free B&B (Buffet & Booze).
The lunch/dinner buffet offers light, delicious options.
The highlight for me were the super tender **Braised Short Ribs** served over slow-cooked creamy polenta.
Warm, savory, and juicy!
Also delightful were the **Spinach & Ricotta Gnudi**, perfect little dumplings with a dash of tomato and basil.
A fresh corn salad, roasted zucchini, and arugula salad were flavorful and healthy side dishes.
The **Vanilla Honey Panna Cotta with Summer Berries** gave the meal a smooth finish.
A whole array of cocktails welcomes you at the bar.
Just take your pick and go relax.
Love this perk!
You can get some work done in the conference area or in one of the more private work booths.
Or sit back and watch TV in the lounge area.
Or take a sweet nap on the comfy reclining personal couches.
We opted for #3 -- nap.
The decor is very mod and clean, while the setting is quiet and relaxing.
My only complaint is that at one point, two employees began talking pretty loudly in Spanish.
The serene vibe was slightly ruined, but I was already so content on my cozy napping device that I dozed off anyway.
Overall the service was phenomenal.
You will want for nothing.
TIP: Open to AmEx members only.
One-day passes are $50, or complimentary for Platinum members.
Thank you, travel buddy!

Once again, American Express has outdone themselves.
The company that never stops amazing with their customer service prowess strikes again.
On a recent trip to Las Vegas, I had a long wait until the rest of my party arrived.
I decided to give a day pass at the Centurion Lounge a try.
Upon entry, I was warmly greeted by the reception staff.
They quickly processed my request and explained that everything further is complementary.
The bad news for Delta, United, American, US Airways and Alaska is that this lounge makes theirs look like grungy bus stops.
Let's start with the liquor.
The full service bar is stocked with an extensive selection of spirits and beers as well as an unheard of wine list for an airport club.
Next, this club features a buffet similar to those you would expect in a European club.
Today's featured roast beef sandwiches on ciabatta, roasted tomatoes and cheese in sauce and a build your own salad option.
Desserts were even better.
They had everything from chocolate chip cookies to flan (and I had everything in between).
They also hit the nail on the head as far as atmosphere.
This club is loaded with secluded hideaways to get a little rest or peace and quiet.
The furniture and appointments are very modern yet classy.
If you are an American Express card member passing through Las Vegas, this lounge is a must,

This club puts any airport lounge to shame!
When you walk in you and you get a hint of something fresh, rosemary maybe?
You are greeted with a very friendly smile and professional staff.
The first thing that jumps out is the decor.
It's very inviting.
Little nooks I the walls with benches and big pillows!!
The lighting is not too harsh, thank goodness.
The next thing that jumps out is the offerings.
A wonderful array of fresh food, great drinks, and clean environment.
The drinks are too shelf.
Cîroc, Tito, Grey Goose - several others if you want to try.
The wine selection offers a number of varietals that are far superior to any airline club.
They actually have a Rosè that reminds me of France.
The food is very well well presented.
It's small plates, great flavors.
This club has a wonderful area for kids and families.

By far my favorite lounge in the U.S.
Thanks American Express!
They offer hot meals, a full bar and warm cookies.
My only complaint?
They are only in Vegas and Dallas.

For some reason, I was expecting better.
No showers, and though there was a hot breakfast, I expected more food.
That being said, I did enjoy some delicious french toast and other items for breakfast.
Sure as hell beats almost every domestic lounge, but I've been to comparable international lounges.
Probably the friendliest employee at the check-in desk that I've ever encountered, though.

I might be what you would call a "bougie traveler.
"  Having done my fair share of 12 hour long flights, I've been lucky enough to see a lot of the world and experience many foreign cultures on someone else's dime.
As a result, I've also been granted access to a number of airline lounges and clubs around the world.
So listen up when I say that the Amex Centurion Lounge is the best lounge I've been to in my lifetime.
Top to bottom the place is impeccable.
The service is world class, as are the furnishings and amenities available to you.
Lounge on a chaise, read from their periodical library, snack at the complimentary buffet or wine-down at the bar, the world is your oyster at the Centurion Lounge.
Rest, recharge, depart, and return.
PS: Only complaint is that there aren't more Centurion Lounges out there.
Please come to JFK...please!

Top Notch!!
A very god reminder of why I have a platinum card.
When I checked in they said we are serving lunch... makes having to hang out in the airport to 7 hours when you flight finally board much more relaxing!
Please expand to Detroit and Atlanta!!!

Having received word that our flight from Las Vegas had been delayed by weather, I realized what a great opportunity this would be to check out the American Express Centurion Lounge in Las Vegas airport.
I'm normally a "gamble until the last minute and risk missing the plane" traveler, so you have to understand what a rare chance this would be to explore one of the BEST reasons to have an Amex Platinum or Centurion card.
And I have to say that if you are delayed, this is an awesome way to spend the time.
Good food (with vegetarian options), giant lounge beds, showers, family play room, cool modernist decor...really making me seriously consider coming to the airport early next time I'm here.
And believe me when I say getting me to leave the casinos early is a Herculean feat of epic proportions.
So great job, Amex!
Would love to see a branch open in one of the Bay Area airports.

Like many folks, I was drawn here by the free invite offer in the mail from Amex, and duly obliged while transiting at Mccaran recently.
From the glowing reviews here, and the luxurious welcome pack I received in the mail - you could say my expectations in advance were sky high.
I was envisaging some last days of Rome style decadence.
Sadly there were no swaying palm fronds and tossed grapes from fawning attendants.
What I found was a decent if not fairly bog standard airport lounge.
The brightest elements were the undoubtedly pleasant and chipper staff, who even infrequently bussed tables and took drink orders.
Wine and cocktails (all free) were all stellar high quality.
(small quibble: their website says they have a rose champagne and the bar tender refused to accept this was reality).
The free Wifi was quite fast too I should add, I managed around 6mbp down.
The lounge is relatively small - I can imagine it getting packed to the rafters on a busy day.
Its almost like an oval corridor wrapped around the bar and dining area.
Compared to monster lounges like Delta's E and Int terminals at ATL this is miniature.
The range of seating was limited and again paled to ATL options I've recently used.
We compared the 'media wall' from the website's grand display and found the singular magazine on a shelf somewhat failing to live up to the grand promise.
Food offerings, although much vaunted were meager pickings - a couple of salads and some sub sandwiches cut into barely one inch thick bites - I definitely had to grab a bite after a couple of glasses of wine from the airport proper itself.
Our entry pass indicated there were free tablets on offer if I needed one, I didn't try that.
Restrooms were meh and pretty small too.
Now don't misunderstand me.
For free, hells yeah this a five star joint, I'll come here all year long.
But this lounge is priced at $50 a visit normally and that's just crazy lunatic talk.
Babbling nonsense chatter.
Delta lounges are half that with a suitable Amex card, and just as serviceable.

Yeah this blows away every other domestic airport lounge I've been to.
Full bar, with signature cocktails (all complimentary) and only premium well thought spirits.
Good breakfast and lunch buffet.
Nice seating options.
Service was also good.
During my two visits, the second one was a little busy.
I pray one opens at MIA very soon at terminal D (AMEX is rumored to try to get in there within the next two years).

Environment and food were top notch.
Service unless you're a card carrying AARP member left a lot to be desired.
Message to waitstaff and Managers: young consultant types with Platinum cards (I'm in my early 30's) also tip and maybe even better than some crusty old centurion cardholders.
Was there several hours and while tables near me were asked several times if they wanted a drink I went to the bar to get mine every single time.
Bartender (Hispanic woman, didn't catch her name) was very friendly and helpful.

I used the Centurion lounge in LAS this morning, now thats a lounge!
Food was really good, french toast, real eggs and frittata, lots of fresh fruit also.
The bar had all top shelf liquor, fast internet, and great seating areas that allows a bit of privacy as well as comfort.
This is hands down the best lounge I have been in in NA.

Beautiful!
This is the best domestic lounge around.
Complimentary hot food offerings like cream of cauliflower soup, roast chicken cacciatore, and creamy polenta and full premium bar makes this a great place start your trip.
The decore is very modern and new.
Frequent rounds by friendly staff keep things clean and orderly.
Love it.

Just went to the lounge and was blown away at how nice this airport lounge is.
I always fly on southwest so it's a bit out of the way to get their (different terminal), but I have to admit that I will go again, even if I have to get to the airport a little early.
The place is really nice looking, the food is good, and the bar is second to none.
Go get the Platinum card!!

Amex's Centurion lounge gets 5 stars not only for being very accommodating during my  6 hour delay, but for being one of the finest domestic airport lounges I've had the pleasure to enjoy in awhile.
From a computer fax station, full bar with premium beer, spirits and wine,  gourmet buffet including Scott Conant of Scarpetta fame's fine cuisine, coffee and refreshments,  to multiple spacious lounge areas with cushy loveseats, private lounge pods with charging stations, kids play zone, chaise lounges looking out into the Tarmac and more, this lounge is pretty much has it all.
I know ill most likely be frequenting this one as opposed to the smaller Club VIP Lounge located in the same terminal.
Additionally, I'm allowed up to two guests as opposed to a 25$ charge for additional guests at the other lounges.
It's one of the great perks you get being a valued Amex card member.
Thanks guys!

A failure.
For free it certainly is fine, but to pay for poor quality food, you are much better off with airline lounges which are far superior.
How American Express can bill this as a first class experience is a joke.
Clearly they have never been in a business class or first class airport lounge.

This is the second best domestic lounge in the United States.
The best is the Centurion Lounge at DFW.
To the people who expected a five-star orgasm of luxury: what planet are you living on?
To the people who compare this unfavorably to other lounges: you have no idea what you're talking about.
Here's the reality: at LAS, your options are this lounge, or The Club lounge (I won't even discuss the option of sitting with the peasants at the gate).
The Club is terrible.
It's super depressing, and the offerings are subpar.
The Centurion Lounge has free top-shelf drinks, really good food on the buffet, and friendly folks.
Comparing this lounge to an Admirals Club, US Airways, Sky Club, etc, is simply unfair.
This is way nicer.
I've spent dozens of hours here, and I plan to spend dozens more.
You might be wondering, why only three stars?
The reason is simple.
They don't have ginger beer.
This is an affront to all cocktail drinkers and men of class.
Furthermore, the bartender claimed that ginger beer was simply "alcoholic ginger ale.
" I was so offended at this suggestion that I'm docking two full stars.
If said bartender ever reads this review, know that those comments cost you multiple dollars in tips, and two stars in my Yelp review.
AND, they don't have Hendricks gin.
AND, they don't have Fever Tree mixers.
American Express: get ginger beer (preferrably Fever Tree or Bundaberg), get Hendricks, and get better mixers.
I Tweeted at the cocktail list creator (Jim Meehan), and he assured me that he'll send the word on to AmEx.
But seriously, this is an unbelievable oversight.
I may cancel my Platinum Card if AmEx doesn't get ginger beer at its lounges.
I care that much.

I have been in many lounges in the US and around the world.
This is one of my best experiences in any US lounge.
That includes AA flagship lounge in Los Angeles.
Very nice space at Las Vegas which has literally been a wasteland with practically no airport lounges of any kind.
How this could be is amazing to me since there are tons of business meetings and conventions here.
The food is very good.
Nice bar with all free premium liquor.
Salad items, main dish, soup and dessert are offered.
Also a coffee machine that makes various drinks as well.
Blazing fast WIFI.
Now I wonder when I am in a Delta or American lounge and the wifi typically is so weak.
Are they saving money?
The speed was so fast I tested it and got almost 40 Megs down and 51 up.
51 up is the most I have seen or encountered.
They spare no expense.
I think this is good for the AMEX brand as long as they maintain this high quality.
You can get in with Amex Plat card.
You need a boarding pass as well to use the lounge.
While AMEX is breaking ties with American, these new lounges show what a lounge should be.
In the normal Delta lounges and American the offerings are quite sparse.
Yet both are raising rates and making you pay for guests?
Those lounges often offer little more than a soda and chips.
I am always in vegas and many times at night.
This will be a great place to hang out.

This place makes you want to skip your flight.
Top shelf liquor, wine, beer, little pods where you can stretch out your feet.
Did I mention the lunch buffet?
After spending a fortune on a Vegas trip the words complimentary never sounded better.

We stopped by on our way out of town.
The club is super nice.
The entrance is an awesome live plant wall.
The decor of the club is modern, but welcoming.
There is a quiet kids room with a large glass wall, so you can watch your children, but they will not bother other club guests.
It was a little weird than an adult male chose to use this as his temporary office while we were there.
I wish I had the opportunity to show how comical it looked with him working on his laptop on the little kid sized desk.
Reminded me of Billy Madison on his first day of school.
The food was amazing.
It was a nice buffet spread with cauliflower vegetarian soup, chicken cacciatore, roast beef focaccia sandwiches,  several different salads, chocolate cookies, salted caramel pudding, & brownies.
The liquor, wine, beer selection was excellent.
They served Coke products which doesn't happen much in Las Vegas (not a Pepsi fan).
This club puts the United Club to shame.
If this club is a Ferrari, then the the United club (which I am a paid member of) is the Honda.
I wish they had one of these in every city!
Right now just Vegas & Dallas.
United better step up their game if United continues to build more of these.
Only negative on this place was they did not have Coke Zero.

Found this place by checking Yelp for breakfast suggestions at McCarran airport.
So glad I did!
I'm not a black card member, but $50 got me in and it was well worth it.
Simply show your Amex card and ID and you either pay the $50 or gain free entrance (Platinum and Black cardholders).
This was worthwhile for me because I was going to get breakfast somewhere and sit for awhile.
They have a lovely hot buffet starting at 6:00 am.
The space is large by cozy with lots of nooks to go relax.
The lounges in back are great for catching some zzzz's, and I saw staff coming through regularly and disinfecting the surfaces.
This must be why Amex's relationship with American Airline Admirals Clubs is ending this March.
I was told a new lounge is being opened at LaGuardia next month.

The best airport lounge I've been to yet, and an added perk was I was able to bring in 2 guests for free!
(thanks to having an amex platinum card).
Got a hot lunch that included turkey sandwiches, meatballs and other good hot food.
There was an open premium bar as well.
The couches and decor was quite posh, and you could overlook the runway and mountains outside of the airport through the window.
On my next vegas trip, no matter what terminal Im in I will be coming back.

The farro salad is outstanding (and I'm not a farro salad guy).
Also great cocktails and wines.

Great lounge!
They service is excellent and the staff is friendly and so helpful.
This lounge is a great perk for Amex platinum card holders.
It's always clean and comfortable.
It may be the only reason I don't mind arriving early to the airport... Usually I try to time it so I don't have to wait!
Although I wish they had a airport driver/cart that could take you directly to your gate...
I would definitely stay as long as possible.

This is easily the best airport lounge I've been to.
Cost is $50 for a 24 hour pass.
Once I checked in, I asked if I could find a place for my carry-on bag.
They have a set of 4 lockers which is not enough for the large amount of people in the lounge, but I guess only the smart folks ask!
:)   I grabbed a mimosa at the bar, served in a tall skinny flute, and set up shop at a nice long table that's equipped with task lights and plugs.
Probably my favorite thing about this lounge is that there are staff members coming around regularly (~15 minutes) to not just clear dishes, but also ask if they can get you another drink.
+2 stars for not having to leave (or pack up) my stuff every time I want a drink.
Their food selection is amazing.
It goes way beyond the munchies you normally find at a Delta SkyClub.
They had vegan cauliflower soup, roasted vegetables, creamy polenta, a make-your-own-salad station, etc.
I had an incredible salted caramel dessert thing.
I heard more than one person rave about the oatmeal raisin cookies.
I was shocked by the level of quality of this food.
This lounge is outfitted for comfort, with lots of little nooks and crannies designed for lounging.
Since I'm mostly traveling for business, I felt that they lacked more spaces for people trying to work (I like the cubicles at the ATL SkyClub).
The only challenge was people who needed to take calls; there weren't many private areas to do so, or to get away from those who are.
But this is Vegas after all; not sure how many people are traveling for business.
Also, I wasn't immediately provided the access code to WiFi, be sure to ask for it upon check-in.
If you forget, ask one of the staffers for it.
That's better than doing what I did (leaving all my stuff at my table and heading to the front desk as the site indicated).
Ample electrical outlets!!
I can't believe that the D gate area doesn't have more plugs available to travelers.
The pass may be worth it if you, like me, have very little battery left on multiple devices and need several plugs.
$50 is a little stiff, but definitely worth it if you have a lot of time to pass in the airport.
Service is excellent, food is excellent...highly recommend.

This lounge puts all other airport lounges to shame.
While you do have to be an Amex cardholder to get in the front door, it was certainly worth the cost of my membership (especially since we got in gratis).
- Food?
Yes, a buffet for free.
I thought the quality was great, especially if your alternatives were airport concessions.
There were a couple of snooty old timers across from us disappointed in the food, but the GF and I ate more than well.
You would be more than happy with the variety and quality.
- Drinks?
For free?
Check.
And we're talking mid to top shelf liquor as well.
Excellent.
And do the hard working staff a favor and tip them for their excellent service.
Coffee and other drinks are complimentary as well.
Amex, I love you.
- TV's?
Yes.
Rather nice Samsung flat screens all showing the Denver/NE playoff game.
I was good.
GF too.
Wifi?
Yup.
Free.
Summary - a beautiful lounge that I wished I could move into.
I hope Amex builds more of them soon.
If you have the means to go into one, please do.
Spoil yourself every chance you get.

Without repeating what the other reviewers have said, this lounge knocks all others on their collective hind ends.
Service, real food instead of just nuts and pretzels, big chaise lounges, and a generally quieter atmosphere makes this my new lounge of choice.
Here's hoping they open more; for the frequent traveller, this alone could be worth the annual fee of a Platinum card.

12.6.13.
This lounge is AHHHH-MAZING!
Now, I'm not a high-class traveler or much of one at all...thankfully my parents are!
Must be an American Express cardholder to enter here; I believe entry is free for certain cardholders...for people like me there's a $50?
entry fee...but honestly, if you're looking at a lengthy layover, flight got cancelled, etc.
you should def consider just stopping by!
There are endless pupu's (you can totally make these a meal) and they're hot items too; not just cereals and breads!
The place gives off a very modern vibe with lots of "pod-like" spaces, chairs, and couches.
Free wireless and apparently there are showers and towels available to lounge guests!
There is really just too many amazing things for me to describe; you just really need to see it for yourself.
For the frequent flyers out there, please note that I am not an FF like you, so my review is just as over-excited as it sounds; it might not be as big of a deal for you haha.
Yelp 365 Challenge: #339/365

Gourmet food and open premium bar ?!
If you travel and can get a platinum or black Amex, it's complimentary for their cardholders and def worth it!
Not open to the public either.
Rick Ross the boss shit lol.

Although the club opens at 5am hot food is not available till 6:30am.
special coffee machine did not work the day I was in.

This was just lovely.
There is nothing like relaxing in comfort while waiting for your flight to come along.
The staff inside are all very friendly and provide VIP treatment.
The bar serves large complimentary cocktails along with your complimentary dinner buffet - which was SCRUMPTIOUS!
Plenty of outlets to charge up your phones and laptops while lounging on very comfy couches, benches, tables, you name it - whatever is your fancy.

One of the nicer clubs I have seen in an airport.
The staff as usual was very nice and extremely helpful.
Would not mind waiting for my flight here again

This place is great.
Quiet, full bar, attentive personal,  very very clean plus real  hot food only for that is great.
Very modern.

all free everything.
just get that platinum card and its on!!

The first time I heard about this lounge was the last time I was in Vegas and I believe it just opened and not open to platinum card holders for free, so I was kind of bummed out and had to resort to the other not American Express lounge.
So low and behold when I saw the banner on my page after I logged into American express to check my bill in September or whenever the hell it was that it was now complimentary to visit the Centurion Lounge for American Express Platinum Card holders.
Cha Ching, I can go and enjoy the bliss of what people call one of the best lounges in America.
Queue up to last week 3/22 when I actually flew into Vegas on Southwest and flew out on Virgin America on 3/24 and was able to use the lounge twice.
It is in the D Gates building so if you're flying in on Southwest or C/B Gates you would *politely* ask one of the TSA agents to unlock the door so you can get on the tram to the D Gates.
Now if you enter from T3, there is no door, you just head on down the escalators to the tram where the sign says "TRAM FOR D GATES" and be on your merry way.
Now hold on tight, that tram moves quite fast, and you will be at the D Gates in no time.
Head up the escalators and you'll see banners advertising the Centurion Lounge.
I have got to put my foot down and say that the D Gates building is the nicest building at McCarran Airport.
There are signs pointing to the Centurion Lounge and you soon see a big wall, with the words "The Centurion" with the Centurion Logo embossed.
Right next to it is welcoming Blue Doors that you step in, turn right, and present your American Express Card, ID, and boarding pass (if you are departing).
Entrance Fee is 50$ for all American Express Card holders except the Centurion Card and the Platinum Card.
After you cleared that, it is a very nice, relaxed laid back lounge, employees are always walking around collecting dishes and the bathroom stocks L'Occatine hand soap and lotion.
There is a bar with a long list of drinks and the usual Coke products.
Note I came in on breakfast and lunch and both times the foods were prepared so well.
Breakfast items include:  Brioche French Toast Baked Polenta with Fontina & Mushrooms  Scrambled Eggs with Fresh Herbs  Potato, onion and Scallion Frittata  And like cereal and typical breakfast items.
Even if the Baked Polenta was my favorite, all the other items tastes just as amazing.
As I left Las Vegas, I needed to get to a place where I could have decent Wi-Fi so I chose to stop by again, and this time for their lunch menu.
It includes Roasted Sweet Potato Roast Chicken Cacciatore Cookies Brownies And a few more I can't put my finger on   Not as wonderful as breakfast but still amazing.
The best part was the desert.
The brownies were decadent, and the cookies were hard but crispy, one of my favorite types of cookies.
You cannot miss the dessert.
It just wins.
As I said many employees walk around a grab empty dishes and a lot of the times they would also get you drinks if they see your cup empty.
Wi-Fi is plenty fast, and there are pods for everyone to sit in if they want privacy.
A vast amount of power plugs for guests to use and computers, tablets, and a kid room for those who would like to use it.
It wins my vote.
Longest story ever shortened?
Best Lounge in the States ever, don't pass up the opportunity to visit.
And if you are delayed or have a long layover it might just be worth the 50$.
P.S.
The employee at the front desk said the next Centurion Lounge they are opening is at San Francisco.
Yay!
My home airport.

Got your Amex platinum?
Got extra time before your flight?
It's a no brainer.
Complimentary amenities, cocktails, food and of course if you can snatch a chaise lounge chair you could even take a nap!
Ordered the Paloma cocktail, it was really good.
As good as a margarita but more refreshing.
Staff was very friendly.
At one point the shades came up because they run on an automatic timer, this was adding way too much light for our comfort.
Asked one of the staff members to put it down and they kindly obliged.
Centurion lounge is a must if you want to rest in comfort before your flight.

OMG, I now leave for the airport four hours before every flight, just so I can hang out in this lounge.
Spacious, comfortable seating, delicious buffet meals, high-speed wifi, and everything is so clean.
I almost LIKE traveling again.

I want to congratulate myself on singlehandedly getting Fever Tree and ginger beer stocked at this lounge.
I am--truly--an amazing human being.
With that said, I'm adding a star.
I can't give it five full stars, because there are kids running around in here, and I just saw a woman so obese that I was unable to regain my appetite in time to take advantage of the buffet.
Things are moving in the right direction!

Wow!
Great find.
Got to airport early to escape the craziness of the Strip.
What a peaceful juxtaposition!
Little seating areas are great - plenty of room and outlets.
The food was interesting and delish!
We were so surprised to see dishes from celebrity chef Scott Conant (Scarpetta, etc) - (great vegan soup and fingerling potatos).
Also loved the local element (yellow beets!
)  too.
This kind of fresh creative food is wonderfully unexpected at the airport.
What a find!

Great lounge.
Much better than United.
Free well drinks and wine and a buffer meal is served - gratis.
Cool vibe and layout.
Only complaint is that it's too small.
Place is always packed and hard to find a seat.
Also has free wifi.

So into this spot!
I had time to kill at the airport before my flight back home from Vegas and was pleasantly surprised to find the Amex centurion lounge.
I set myself up at a pod overlooking the tarmac, got a glass of wine (or two), charged my phone and used my iPad, and honestly relaxed at the airport.
Never heard of such a thing!
Complimentary buffet with really good food and a lot of vegetarian options, complimentary bar...very nice bathrooms.
Place was hip...clean..and just had a nice vibe.
Open more up plz!

Totally changes the world of airport lounges.
Food is comparable to many fine restaurants specializing in new American cuisine.
Service is impeccable and the atmosphere is terrific.
I have been here 4-5 times now and have bee impressed each time (except for the one time they closed an hour early!).
I hope more open across the country.

This just may be the best airline lounge I've ever experienced.
Courteous staff, relaxing atmosphere.
Free top shelf cocktails and wine.
I was able to relax on a chaise while watching planes take off from the Tarmac.
excellent menu too.
There is also a shower area should you really want to take the edge off and freshen up after leaving dirty Vegas.
This is hands down the best lounge I've ever experienced.
Amex card members are charged $50, but if you're Platinum it's free.
Amex really did a great job with this lounge.
Best of all there are no slots here!!!
I wish they'd bring it to IAD.

Very nice lounge.
Comfortable and the bar is great.
The food Is buffet style and pretty good with good options.
The bar is excellent with a menu of specialty cocktails and quality liqueur, bullet rye, belvedere, ciroc, black label...  Nice and comfortable

Platinum status gets you in.
Complimentary organic bites to keep you full, Complimentary drinks to quench your thirst.
It's worth going to the airport early just to relax here before your flight.

amazing, great staff, great food , great placde, makes going to an airport much better.
wish there where more locations.
thanks

Wow.
I wish I flew in or out of Vegas more often cause this lounge is awesome.
It blows the united lounge at IAH out of the water.
While I did think it was a little bit cozy compared to the lounge in Houston, it's definitely better in all aspects in terms of seating, drinks, and food options.
Well worth the one day pass fee and I'm probably gonna shoot for the platinum card right before my next trip passing through LAS or DFW.
AMEX, please put a lounge in IAH!

If you are an Amex card member and have a long layover then you should stop by here for a bite to eat and a drink .
For $50 a head, unless you are a centurion card holder it's free, you have access to a upscale lounge are with all you an eat and drink.
You also have access to a private shower, office /computer  station as well as comfortable seating to relax.
They also provide a tablet  for use during your stay.

They do an excellent job here.
There is a variety of seating areas, the food is good.
It is a great place to relax before flying out

A complete failure.
For free, it beats sitting in the regular terminal, but if you pay for this utterly poor experience, you will be bitterly disappointed.
Shocking a company like Amex shows no management ability.
They need to turn this over to a professional group of people to run and manage, who at least have experienced a well run operation.
Clearly a credit card company does not have a clue.
Food is cold and minimal, furniture uncomfortable.
Staff, what staff!
Oh, those folks on their cell phones that look like staff.
Please do not bother them, they have emails to check and tweets to send.

Hands down the best group of lounges in the U.S. and far superior to the Club lounges available at Vegas.
Centurion and Platinum gets you in free.
The food services are exceptional and the children's play room has everything a family would need.
Clean restrooms and showers for long layovers are an added bonus.
Although it's located in D you can access it even from A B C by walking to D security and an attendant will let you cross over to D by showing your boarding pass.
It's worth the 7 minute walk from the Southwest gates.

Relative to its Dallas sibling, the Vegas location of the Centurion Lounge is just one step below.
To be fair, though, any Centuion Lounge ranks far above other airport lounges like Admirals Club.
On a recent trip from Dallas to Las Vegas, I had the chance to visit both Centurion Lounge locations.
But as the concierges will tell you, American Express is planning several more in the United States (S.F.
at NYC).
The concept is pretty simple -- there is comfortable seating (even beds to lounge on) and premium booze and food.
That's right, premium booze for free.
We had some great mixed drinks at the bar and the service was great too.
But with the Dallas location setting the bar so high, there are two notable things missing from the Las Vegas location.
First, LV does not include a spa (nails, massage, etc) like in Dallas.
I know, that sounds pretentious -- but it's true.
Second, the food at the LV location was just "meh" compared to the great southwestern food in Dallas.
From what I remember, the food options at the Las Vegas Centurion Lounge were somehwat limited and some looked inedible.
There was a meat pie (or that's what it was called) that was barely touched and looked pretty gross.
All in all, the LV Centurion Lounge is a great experience (especially if you are delayed in LV and don't want to stare at another Wheel of Fortune Slot machine) although it has several shortcomings compared to its Dallas location.

