I saw Mumford and Sons here and it was the worst concert I've ever been to.
They made you take off the caps of any water bottles you were taking in making it extremely inconvenient to stay hydrated on a hot summer night.
You could not hear ANYTHING on the lawn.
The faint sound of the band was either muffled by chants of "Turn it up!
" or hushes from the crowd in attempt to get people quite enough to make out what song the band was singer.
According to their facebook page people who attended different concerts experienced the same issues.
Save yourself some money and buy a live album.

I have been to a ton of different concert venues from Red Rocks to the Hollywood Bowl and while Desert Sky Pavillion doesn't have the acoustics like those it does have a little charm of its own.
We went to see Mumford and Sons and while it was a hot night I was pleasantly surprised of the set up.
The large ceiling fans and lighting gave this venue a cool more intimate concert feeling for a venue it's size.
My downfall for this place is the acoustics.
We sat in the lower covered area and I was very surprised at how the acoustics seemed muted.
We did sit a little to the side, but not enough to experience that kind of sound.
It's too bad because this place does have some promise.
I have seen other reviews about the parking and such, but any concert venue is going to have those problems.
And as far as the water bottles needing the tops off that is for the safety of the band and concert goers as you can throw it with the cap on.
I will give them another try when the lumineers head there in Oct.

Went to Mumford and Sons.
Terrible sound.
Terrible cell reception - not recommended for a big group of friends that get split up.
Expensive water bottles, and I couldn't even keep the cap.
Courteous staff.

The parking and entrance to this venue leaves a lot to be desired.
I also would not suggest lawn tickets.
Ultimately, I doubt I would ever go to a show here again.
We left before Luke Bryan was probably half way through his set.
I found acoustics okay from my seat but wasn't going to get stuck in traffic forever getting out of parking lot.
A shame considering price of tickets.

I've been here for Rockstar Mayhem and for Luke Bryan.
What do you get in an outdoor ampitheatre?
Well, the heat for starters.
And for seconds, bad acoustics.
And for thirds, a lot of bands/singers/acts come to this venue during the summer - go figure.
Also, VERY expensive drinks.
WTF, $13 for a 20oz can?
C'mon.
With that said, I'm more of a pit concert goer or a lawn type person.
I don't like to sit in a seat.
Boring.
If you sit on the lawn expect to have whatever you have sitting on the ground to be kicked 2 rows away.
Not the people's fault - it is dark, they are drunk, and your shit blends in with the ground.
Also expect to have NO cell service.
You will get it, but it is low.
Therefore, your battery will be gone before the concert is over.
So when you are wandering around on the lawn trying to find your blanket and your people, don't plan on calling them because everyone's phone was dead.
I charged mine to 98% before entering the concert and at the end mine was the only one that was alive at all.
The other FIVE people's phones were dead (and other people had their phones fully charged as well).
We weren't taking video or anything else, either.
If someone told me that the place had a cell phone jammer installed...
I wouldn't doubt it for a second.
NO SERVICE.
So plan accordingly on how to find your party and plan ahead of how you are meeting to go home.
This place is expensive and I serioulsy thought I spent more time going to the bathroom and aimlessly wondering around the lawn tripping over everyone's shit than I did watching the show.
I wish more acts picked other venues... or demanded that the prices aren't so high (like Kid Rock demanding that beer be sold for $4).

One time too many, but it was Luke Bryan so I had to go.
$4.50 for water, thanks for taking advantage of us in the dead of summer when it's 110!
I had good seats and thought it was going to be great but I found myself paranoid for most of the concert because they don't clean the cover over the seats and dried bird poop was raining down on the people around me.
I felt bad for them.
:( The acoustics not good either.
Also people don't know how to use the garbage at this place I kept getting bottles of booze hitting my feet.
I had REALLY high hopes because the amphitheater in Utah was amazing.
If I want to go to another concert at an amphitheater I'll fly to Salt Lake City to see it.
I won't be back here.

Let me start out by saying that I didn't give Desert Sky Pavilion two stars because I didn't have a great time.
I saw Mumford and Sons here a couple of months ago and the concert itself was phenomenal.
HOWEVER, I made the mistake of buying lawn tickets because #1 they were cheaper, and #2 I thought it would be fun to cuddle up on a blanket with my hubby as opposed to being condemned to two hard seats all night.
The concert went awry when the back speaker went out...the only one supplying the left side of the lawn with beautiful music.
Everyone that was within earshot of the blown speaker started screaming "TURN IT UP!
We can't hear!!
" ruining whatever music was left for us to hear.
Needless to say, the concert would have been 1000x better had it been held at a different venue.
Thanks, Desert Sky/Ak Chin/whatever.
Overall, unless its your ALL TIME ABSOLUTE favorite artist, skip this place.

This place has changed names so many times but this was the most "updated" name of the venue I could find.
It's current name is Ak-Chin Pavilion.
Anyways, I came here for the first time to see Gavin DeGraw/The Script/Train last night.
I read all the horrible reviews and was a little nervous coming here.
We came about an hour before the concert and had no problem with finding the place, parking, getting in or finding a place on the lawn to sit.
In my opinion, drinking a beer and being on the lawn was a really wonderful way to enjoy a summer night.
The sound and stage set ups for all the bands were really great and thought they put on a great show!
The only downside for me was the fact that everything was extremely overpriced.
I paid $12 for a beer and water was a whopping $7.50!
I would suggest bringing your own water and eating beforehand.
The marijuana smoking on the lawn was also a small issue so if you are sensitive to that, beware.
Overall, had a great time and would definitely return!

I don't understand what everyone's beef is this this place.
I have seen Rascal Flatts twice here and both times it was wonderful!
The lines moved relatively quickly for the massive amount of people who where there.
I sat in the seats one year and the lawn one year and both times the sound was great.
It was a great crowd and I had a great view even from the lawn.
The only thing I gave it one star down for was that in the lawn sets I was breathing second hand smoke the entire show which was gross and unfortunate.
Wish they'd make it no smoking.
I have never had a bad experience there and I would go to another show there.

Worst treatment I have ever had after spending $80 for Dave Chappel tickets x 2.
$11 beers, $4.50 for water, security were jerks.
Says show starts at 5 but can't sit til 6 with show at 7.

3 stars for the ampitheater itself.
I came to the comedy festival yesterday with some friends and we had good seats (tight, but good) and the sound system and visual were on point.
1 star for everything else sucking.
My radar was up when the exit to the theater was backed up for miles on the freeway.
I'd never been before so we did a quick workaround and got off on 83rd street.
Approaching the venue, I realized that the entrance is not to far from the freeway, and you have to make a right turn so all of the cars were waiting in one line when approached from different directions, you could have turned into any of the 4-5 open entrance lanes.
I found it interesting that there were tons of security in the parking lot NOT directing traffic.
So you had no idea where parking was available in their labyrinth of a lot but we eventually found a spot.
Line to get in - unorganized but not unbearable.
We arrived about 30 minutes after the gates opened and saw a huge line so like human beings we got in the end of the line and moved along.
When we got closer we were told that we could join any of the lines that were much shorter right in front of the entrance.
Bags were checked and we were in after a few minutes.
For seating 20,000 people, the areas around the stage are WAY too small and cramped in my opinion.
Every line for concessions was melding into another line and it was difficult to navigate around everyone.
Also - very expensive.
I was starving so I splurged on a Mike's hard and loaded nachos = $20.
Yeah...
The show was great.
Weather was perfect.
Security was on hand and quickly dealt with hecklers.
Getting out of the parking lot was a NIGHTMARE - again no direction by anyone.
Took us about 30 minutes and that's because we took a back way out that not a lot of people were keen on.
I'm sure people were there for a lot longer.
With this knowledge, I'd definitely come back to see someone I HAD to see live, but I wouldn't be running back.

Awful, awful, awful.
Tickets said 5 PM, so we got there for 3:30 so we could get set up early.
The parking lot doesn't open until 4:30...okay.
So, we figured we'd kill time and got some food.
In the meantime, the lines to get in the parking lot become a clusterfun.
Finally open the parking lot gates.
And now time to wait in line to get in the actual ampitheater  We were front of the line so we were talking to the security ladies who were nice.
Then they couldn't figured out if gates opened at 5 or 5:30.
Some may complain about the cell phone policy but that was the comedy acts rule and not the ampitheater rule from what i can tell.
Gates finally open, we're excited to get to our lawn seats so we can set up and get comfortable...oh, but the lawn doesn't open until 6 PM...what???
So, we have to walk around with our blanket and bag for another hour?
I guess that will force us to buy your overpriced beer and food?
Only two acts were going to be on the main stage and the rest were going to be on another stage (?
) but no one we asked seemed to know where this stage was.
It was frustrating so realizing we only paid $20 each for the tickets, we decided to leave about 15 minutes after we entered the gates.
The disorganization was to a level I have never seen before.
The whole experience was horrible.
I can't think of any event that could drag me back to this hellhole.

I'll pass on going to this venue, based on our experience at the Oddball Comedy Festival.
We got there 15 minutes before the show supposedly started, and there was a huge line to get in for parking.
There was also a huge line to enter the venue.
Since there were so many people attending, I figure this was understandable given the sheer volume of patrons.
While the show was advertised at starting from 5-10 P.M. on the website, it didn't actually start until more like 5:45-6, with Dave Chappelle at the very end at 10:30ish (He was advertised on a few small handwritten signs near the entrance as starting at 10).
Drinks and food were pricey, due to the monopoly the venue had on eating and drinking options (You are not allowed back in after you exit).
We didn't feel like paying $9 for a hot dog, or $10 for a burrito, so we toughed it out until the end of the show and got some late night eats afterwards.
The seats are hard plastic, which was fine to sit in around 5ish when temps were reasonable, but I'm not sure how hot they would be in summer temperatures.
The seats themselves are kind of narrow, and you might be bumping shoulders and arms with your neighbor.
While the huge fans overhead are nice when it's hot outside, as the temps got cooler, we were blasted by the fans and the wind and I was very cold in my seat at night since we were directly above the fan  If you are sensitive to smoke, in either cigarette or "medical" variety, this is not the place for you.
This is pretty much to be expected since you are in an outdoor venue.
I wasn't sitting in direct contact with any smokers, but I could still smell various smoke fumes from rows away.
Not all the seats are covered, so if you are getting a seat on the side, make sure it is as close to the center as possible if you want to avoid sitting in the sun with no shade.
Overall, meh.
While I'm glad I got to see Dave Chappelle live, it's going to take a really phenomenal show to entice me to go to the Ak-Chin Pavilion again.

Went to the Oddball Comedy show, the comedians were amazing!
I loved Dave Chappelle.
Now the Ak Chin pavilion.
It was the first time I had been there.
It was horrible.
Traffic was a nightmare no one directing traffic, it was backed up for miles on I-10 took a long time to get there, narrowly missed getting into several accidents with cars driving all over the place.
They didn't open the gates until after 5pm (tickets said show starts at 5pm) so we stood around in lines for almost 1 hour.
The beer was WAY overpriced $12-$15 each.
The food was expensive too (we went to Burger King after the show).
They wouldn't let us go to our seats until 6pm so everyone was crammed into a small area and it was very uncomfortable, no where to set your drink so you could eat, whereas all the seats have cup holders so would have been nice if they let us go to our seats.
Seemed like most of the security/ushers didn't know why they wouldn't let us to our seats.
There were no signs saying where we had to enter for the 100's & 200's section.
They made us go the long way to our seats instead of the short way.
It was completely unorganized and seemed like they had never held an event there before.
I will probably never go back to Ak Chin Pavilion.

I came here last weekend for the Oddball fest, and had no issues with parking, lines, etc.
The food options were mediocre, but I don't think you really expect much from a concert venue.
They did have a Gardenburger, which was a welcome change from the usual veggie options of nachos and pizza.
Food and drinks are expensive, so I would definitely make sure you bring a lot of cash, or you'll be stuck waiting for the ATMs.
We sat on the grass.
The acoustics for the comedy show was fine, but I could see it lacking for an actual concert.
The grassy area got cold at night, so I would come prepared with blankets!

I came here on 9/22  for the Oddball Comedy Festival.
My friend and I felt duped!
Our tickets said 5:00pm.
So we thought that was the start time of the show.
I'm not sure if it's Tickmasters fault or Ak-Chin Pavilion, but boy were we mislead.
The show didn't start until 7:00pm.
So for two hours we had to kill time with medicore-at-best food with ridiculously expensive drinks( $4.50 for water and $13 for 20oz beer).
Thankfully they didn't charge for parking, but I would rather pay for parking and eat at a restaurant with better food than be forced to buy food/drink at the Ak-Chin Pavilion.
The sound was decent.
My friend and I sat fairly close in hard plastic chairs.
With the show starting at 7 and not ending until 11, the chairs were definitely not comfortable by the end of the night.
Also, like another reviewer stated the huge overhead fans were nice at the beginning of the show, but as the evening progressed and the wind picked up I became very cold in my seat.
I don't plan on returning to a venue at the Ak-Chin Pavilion

I saw some of the reviews on here and I was expecting something terrible but it went great with the Keith Urban concert.
The concessions are way overpriced but you go anywhere like this and the concessions will be through the roof.
I give it a great rating as the parking was awesome, the sound was great and the traffic wasnt too bad.
The only reason why it wasnt 5 stars was because the security was awful with letting the drunks really take over at some points in the midway

This place is okay.
I have been to many shows over my nearly 18 years living here.
I prefer parking at the Desert sky mall to avoid that initial rush into the Pavilion's parking lot.
I don't mind the little walk although I know that isn't convenient for everyone.
Food is average.
Then again, I am a vegetarian so I know my options are few to very little at most concert locations.
I prefer sitting in the center seating area(103,203) although I will be standing for the entire show.
Lawn is hit and miss.
I was out there for Journey and the sound was pretty good.
I have heard that isn't the case for every show so you get what you pay for some times if you go for the cheap lawn seats.
I would also recommend getting off of I-10 before 75th and 83rd ave rather than getting off of those two despite you being very close to the pavilion if you do as everyone else will be doing the same so if you are cutting it close to the time of your event, expect to be in a long line of cars.

I saw Keith Urban and LIttle Big Town recently, this was my first concert since moving to Phoenix.
I've seen Keith up close before and to save money we chose lawn seats, the sound was great, he played in the center for several songs giving us a close up performance, his lighting and video behind the stage was super.
i agree the concessions/beer prices are ridiculous but I wasn't surprised.
It was a perfect night weather wise, it did run late and we left a few minutes earlier than he stopped performing.
I do recommend exiting the I 10 before 83rd, that's where all the traffic was.
I will arrive earlier to get a better lawn seat but we had a great time, in fact will be there for Jason Aldean the 17th!
For $30 sitting in my own chair in the lawn under the stars is worth it.

This is one of my least favorite music venues in Phoenix.
I have sat in many different areas and sections, and all are lackluster.
The sound is hit or miss depending on the concert and where you sit.
The lawn seats are usually the only affordable option, unless I just love the band playing.
We saw Train perform there a few months ago.
I thought I had bought some great seats because they were over $40 each, but when we arrived we weren't even in the lower section of seats.
Those seats were over $80!!
Outrageous!!
I can't stand sitting in the lawn at this venue because so many idiots smoke pot while sitting out there and you are forced to smell that disgusting smell for hours on end.
The beer and food are insanely expensive and very low quality.

I recently came here for the Jason Aldean Night Train Tour.
I've been to a lot of concerts in the Phoenix area and around Texas.
This by far the worst sounding venue I have ever been too.
I don't care who is playing here, I will never come back.
A few other side notes: -Low security inside the venue (I saw more security at fear farm then this place) -Didn't see any paramedics on-site -Overpriced drinks

This place is a very nice venue- traffic can be a pain to get there on busy nights but the free parking is nice.
The people who work there tend to treat you like a number- to be expected at concert venues.
Food and Beer is pricey- they offer a value beer though which is ok.
The main issue I have with this venue is it is SO far away and getting there on a weekday for a night concert- is a nightmare.

I attended my first concert at this location earlier this week.
I was surprised by where this is actually located.
I think I have driven by on 83rd without realizing it was there.
The venue is very large and seems to be divided into two sides with entry dependent on where you park.
We had general admission lawn seating which was decent although once the concert started everyone stood through the whole thing.
It was pretty much impossible to see the people on stage well enough to know who wAs who without the big screens from that far back so if that is important to you spring for the more expensive seats.
I was happy where we were and enjoyed the concert.
Concession prices were typical for that kind of venue $4.50 for a bottle of water.
As drunk as everyone seemed around me they must have made a fortune on alcohol sales.
Overall I really enjoyed the night and the outdoor venue.
Gotta live Phoenix evenings in Oct.
I wouldn't hesitate to attend another concert here.

Went to see Zac Brown this week and I had pretty low expectations based on the previous reviews.
The gates opened at 5:30 for the 7pm show.
Most of the crowd arrived after 6.
We sat in front row of the lawn and could see pretty good.
The sound seemed ok don't recall seeing speakers in back but we could hear fine.
Beer was the same price as a DBacks game 24oz can for $11.00, probably go back only if it's a show I really want to see.

This place has had many names over the years.
But it is still one of my favorites for concerts.
I love being outside this time of year and the weather was perfect for our most recent concert.
There are plenty of vendors inside and the lines are not crazy to get food and drinks.
The prices are a little but that is everywhere you go now at events.
Our most recent concert was Zac Brown Band and the seats were amazing.
The only bad part would be if you had seats that were uncovered and it was bad weather but we have always been fortunate enough to have covered seats.
Great place for concerts and we will be back!
Parking was decent as well and free!

Name change: The new name is Ak-Chin Pavilion.
I've been to this location for several concerts.
The best thing about this location is that they always start on time.

I was just at the Kings of Leon show and I had again some real issues with this place.
1st: I was a corporate season box ticket holder for over 5 years, canceled the service in 2008 because the boxes are not protected by security and box crashers are abundant.
The other night, we had multiple people jumping through the boxes to get to the walk way for the bath rooms, at one point I had to grab a drunk idiot by the throat and push him back over the rails, security sucks!!
2: VIP lounge has gotten so bad, its an embarrassment.
I counted 10 bartenders but 2 were working, management spent most of the night training the other 8 how to use the cash register.
Only 2 imports, Corona light and Tecate, Seriously!
At least have a Heineken for the non Hispanic group.
The chairs on the lawn are scattered like some flop house, really funny to see.
The food buffet !
If you want to call it that, a laughable joke!
Really cat fish sandwiches!
3: Prices for a large draft beer $13, 1 bottle of Coke $5, are you people out of your mind?
4: Waitress staff for VIP boxes are the only plus, much improved.
5: Getting out of the Venue, as always a joke!!!!!
I stopped going to this venue a long time ago, I love KOL but it took a lot of effort to spend my hard earned money to go to a Ghetto scene as this.
New management is really needed, you have good ticket sales you need a manager who is not cheap!
If I was I was the Ak Chin tribe management, I would look elsewhere to represent your name.
I travel to venues throughout the US and overseas, this place is an embarrassment for anyone coming to Phoenix for a show.

This venue needs to pick a name and stick to it.
Like, identity issues much?
But I've seen some pretty incredible shows here.
Pro tip: bring a flask.

Never again!
A failed attempt at making someones birthday special.
Great VIP Box Seats, Section 103, VIP Box H.  What a joke.
I ended up spending the evening playing games on my cell phone.
Several young, arrogant, yelling, dancing, smoking jerks, all women, obviously box crashers, never sat down.
1-2 feet in front of you the entire evening.
Could not see the stage thru them and extremely difficult to see the large screens next to the stage.
Where was security?
$10.00 for a cup of beer, $13.00 for a can of Ultra?
Really?
VIP, what does that mean?
Food was  bar food at best.
For the $400.00 plus I spent for the night it could have been a lot better.
The only positive part was the VIP parking and entrance.
The VIP restrooms.
Thank heavens for urinals, could not get to the stalls for the women using them.
VIP MEN'S restroom.
Really?
Very low class for VIP service.
Facility is impressive.
Obviously Management is there to only collect the money.
It was bad enough for me to look up who owns this place.
Ak-Chin, I'd take my name off, it's giving you a worse name.
People, spend your money elsewhere.
Spending money here is condoning getting ripped off.
Maybe they will get it and correct it.
At least take a stun gun because security won't do their job.

We went to the Tim McGraw concert here on May 16.
The high was 104 so it was definitely a warm night.
We had lawn seats and brought a big blanket.
It was pretty crowded, but not horrible.
We had a great time.
I wish the speakers were a tad louder so you could really feel the music back on the lawn.
Also, the driving there was horrible.
Took 1 hour to drive 15 miles...

Why oh why do they offer so many good shows here?
This place is a nightmare!
First off, the parking is atrocious.
Get here like an hour early if you want to avoid the rip-your-hair-out-run-people-over-cuss-a-lot frustration that comes with the freakishly long line of cars that starts a mile before you even get to Ak-Chin.
There's got to be a better system for this.
Second...we saw a girl squat down and pee (yes, really) just outside of the pavilion.
I don't think we are in Kansas anymore folks...it was disgusting to say the very least...not sure why no one stopped her.
The show itself was great and the weather cooperated fairly well...the seats a re a little close together, which can make for an awkward nice-to-meet-you-sorry-I-brushed-your-arm for the 25th time moment.
The food is a rip off, much like any concert venue.
$4.50 for a bottle of water, $9+ for anything alcoholic and at least $8-12 for any type of snack.
We left during the band's last song and before the encore because I could foresee another I-want-to-slit-my-wrists getting out of the parking lot moment.
I think we will be staying far away from Ak-Chin as much as possible unless there is a must see concert there.

I recently saw Tim McGraw at this venue.
Parking was super easy, getting in and out.
I was in the lawn, and as long as you get there at a decent time you should have no issue getting a decent spot.
Remember if you are in the lawn your view will not be ideal, but for me it was more about being at the concert and hearing the music.
Bring blankets to sit on if you are in the lawn.
There are venues to get food and beverages, but everything is way overpriced.
There were a few times during the concert where it was difficult to hear, but overall it was a great experience at this venue.
Nothing beats a summer country concert outside!

The venue itself is nice.
The security is lacking some decent respect and manners.
We were ID'd when buying our beer, then as we sat (calmly, sipping on our ONE beer, not being disruptive in any way) security kept eyeing us.
Eventually TWO security guards and a manager came up to us to RE-id us, giving us the stink eye as we handed over our (REAL, I absolutely am over 21) ID's.
During the process of handing me back my ID, he knocked over my FULL beer that I had just paid 14 fucking dollars for, offered a weak apology and left.
Such bullshit, after they stormed up to us in a pack like it was the end of the world, demanded we (for the second time) hand over our IDs, and knocked over my beer, the least you could do is offer me a new beer.
I got all of two sips in before I was so rudely intrrupted by your drunk-on-power security team.
If you want to ID me, that's completely understandable, but to army up a group of 3 people for two girls literally sitting on the lawn doing NOTHING but chatting is excessive and ridiculous.
Now I'm out 14 dollars and pissed off before the concert has even started.
Congratu-fucking-lations on your LACK OF customer service.

We went to guest services, who directed us to the head of security.
We explained our story, and he escorted us through the crowd to the front of the line where we promptly received another free beer.
The bartenders backed us up, explaining that we had JUST been there, and they had checked our ID's as well.
I appreciate the rest of the staff going above and beyond to rectify the situation!
Our night turned around from there, the concert was amazing, and the venue was a lot of fun!

My first experiecne was over the weekend.
I was there for the Malibu BSE Tour with One Republic.
This is an outside concert with stadium and lawn seating.
Smaller venue with plenty of parking, bathrooms, food and beverage options.
I have to say it was very easy to get in and out.
No long lines through security with a friendly staff at all areas where workers were stationed.
The venue was neat and clean.

What can you say, it's June, it's Phoenix and your outside.....
But if the entertainer is worth it, it's not bad.
Open air with big fans.
So it's never stagnant.
Tonight Ceelo GREEN opened for Lionel Richie and it was a good night......

Fuuuuuuuuuuck this place.
I go every year for mayhem but I doubt I'll go back.
4.50 for a bottle of water.
In Arizona, in the summer, that's criminal behavior.
Security will make you sit up if you lie down on the grass, but they'll ignore the woman who's so drunk she can't hold herself up with her eyes are rolling in the back of her head.
Makes sense.
VIP is a joke.
It's a bar.
And a bathroom.
And the prices are the same as general admission.
Not to mention the parking situation.
I needed handicap parking.
No one seemed to know where I should go and the only apparently available area was being saved for employees.
Guess everyone forgot to mention the ENTIRE OTHER SIDE OF HANDICAP PARKING.
I ended up parking at the back of the lot.
Uninformed employees.
Asshole security.
Ridiculous prices.

