It's just the first week of the 'soft open' and already the comments and criticism are running rampant.
The re-decoration is warm and comfortable with one of the more dramatic views in the valley.
A most suitable location to charm one's darling.
The bar at the entry has potential to be a great spot to have a cocktail and a chat - or even a quick meal from the 'tapas-tizer' menu.
A new wrap-around lounge invites lingering after the meal.
This evening's entertainment was competent, but the sound level was intrusive.
There's really no need for a live performer for the dinner hour with thousands of recordings that create a sonic environment without interrupting conversation.
Vic's menu is diverse and inviting with a creative take on appetizers.
So extensive that a selection for a light meal is easily achieved - without being limited to soup or a salad.
The entree selection offers meat, fish and vegetarian choices with a modest flair.
Our selections were well presented and the wait staff very attentive, friendly and "aware" without hovering.
Nice balance.
However, running out of mac 'n cheese demonstrates shameful planning.
The wine list is suitably extensive, although the top of the range weighs in under $150, if memory serves.
A delightful California blend for $38 really hit the spot and kept the cost under control.
I'd be surprised if the list offers such a broad selection after a year of operation.
We skipped dessert and coffee, so that's about all there is to report.
Some have expressed critical opinions about Vic's prices.
While prices tend to skew higher than typical dinner-out expectations for the broad Sun City Anthem community, the view, ambience and execution justify the current price levels.
The room was about half full, but we entered close to 7pm - an hour after 'happy hour'.
Our first impression is favorable and we'll certainly return.
I'll be ordering off the 'tapas-tizer' menu with a glass of California red.

I have the luxury of living in the Anthem community which is the home of Vic's, and have dined there twice in the week it has been open, a soft-opening period, which means, in my opinion, that it shouldn't be judged too harshly.
When the restaurant was operating under previous owners, it had been cited in the Las Vegas Review-Journal as having "the best view in the Valley" and as being "the best place to take a date for dinner.
"  Vic Vegas (Moea) and his partners have invested a great deal of effort in creating a comfortable ambiance and designing a unique menu of items that are singular for area restaurants.
We have very much liked the signature caramel pork chop with stuffing and a caramel-glazed apple, though this dish would probably not be suitable for diabetics.
Three of us returned and made a meal out of the "Tapetizer" menu, including these excellent items: meat loaf spring rolls; salmon sliders; and lobster & chips, which is a whole Maine lobster tail, split and fried in a beer batter, accompanied by really good crinkle-cut fries.
Salads are also quite creative, including a field greens salad with "BBQ blue cheese" dressing that was bordering on spectacular.
Within the first few days, management listened to customer complaints about the dinner rolls and quickly switched to rolls that are soft and chewy on the inside, served warm.

It is so exciting to finally have an excellent restaurant up here in Anthem!
Vic Vegas and his team have really outdone themselves.
Although they are still in the soft opening phase, the service and quality of food are top notch.
The views from the restaurant are incredible looking over the valley .
Earlier in the week, we enjoyed dinner there with friends.
All of the appetizers were excellent!
Especially enjoyed the calamari and the black and blue sliders.
When you sit down, they say "welcome home to Vic's....and that's exactly what you feel like.
The mixed drinks are excellent (interesting glassware, but it's fun)!!!.
Last night we tried their  onion/macaroni and cheese soup that was delicious.
We were  impressed with the service both nights we were there...Vic was walking around and checking on how things were going which is something that all restaurateurs should do.
We wish them well in this new venture!

My husband and I made reservations for Vic's Easter brunch.
Our table was ready when we walked in, a nice table by the window with the great view.
Seafood selection was good.
Service was friendly but somewhat slow to clear dishes and bring drinks.
I was surprised when we for our check that they had already "added the tip".
Eighteen percent on the total cost which included the tax.
I did not see this explained in the advertisement for the brunch and didn't feel they should have done this for a party of 2.
Since it was a buffet and service wasn't great, I probably would have opted for 15 percent.

Good regular food...nothing to rave about but it is OK and comfortable....BUT...wine glasses are beyond small and then not close to being filled and $9...so when we had to go back for the 3rd time...we took our own wine and they said there was a corking fee of $25 which was fine but they did not charge us....hope that is the way it is always going to be....then it will be a very nice place to go....for just regular good grub.

I am an Anthem resident and  happy to finally see an upper end resaurant..
I have had four dinners, one lunch and feel comfortable giving Vic's a 5 star.
The food is excellent, service (better as they get out of the soft opening), dinner prices are mid-high but portions worth it.
Last dinner my wife and I had appertizers only and loved it.
We split 6 appetizers and highly recommend "tapas" style dining.
If you are seeking a bargain "retiree, senior special" restaurant this is not for you - go to a  casino buffett.
If you come to golf at Revere stop by for lunch instead of the golf course restaurant you will find better food and drinks.
Greg Y.

I'm not entirely sure how I feel about Vic's.
The restaurant is nestled deep in the heart of Anthem, and could prove hard to find if you are not a SCA resident.
It is in the club house type building across the street from Walgreens.
When we arrived it was eerily quiet outside -- my boyfriend said he felt as if he had just arrived to a Scientology compound.
I concurred.
After slight wandering around inside of the building we found the restaurant.
We were greeted by a friendly hostess and led to a table in the corner of the restaurant with a beautiful view of the city.
Our server was great.
He was attentive and friendly without being overbearing.
I ordered a glass of red wine and they served us a bread basket with three fairly plain rolls and plain ol' butter.
I would take out the bread basket altogether if unable to either spice up the rolls, or the butter.
Or perhaps offer port wine cheese in addition to the butter.
As our appetizer we opted for the Black and Blue Sliders ($10).
They were two sliders with beef tenderloin, bleu cheese, onion, arugula, tomato and garlic aioli.
The taste was fine, but the meat was pretty tough.
I wouldn't order these again.
The entree prices are reasonable for the amount and quality of food.
The entrees range from $16 (Veggie Lasagna) all the way to $38 (rack of lamb).
I was in a mood for a salad, so I selected the Warm Spinach salad ($11), boyfriend went with the Salmon ($22).
The salad was fine and very rich.
The portion did justify the price.
I felt the vinaigrette was a little overpowering.
The salmon was pretty straight forward.
It was a generous portion and it was cooked just right.
The food was fine, but as a non SCA resident I wouldn't rush back here.
I would have preferred to see a smaller, more refined menu and bigger taste.
The items were just a-ok.

My wife and I just ate at Vic's.
We ordered off the Early Bird menu and got the 15 percent Anthem's  discount.
The bar clerk was great.
My wife had the pork chop and it was very good, however I was not so lucky with the short rib.
It came out cold, which was hard to understand since it was charred.
The potatoes were colder, so I ask if this was correct, they said no and redid my meal and got it to me in time for me to finish along with my wife.
Even so, I was not impressed with my meal, but it is hard to do much with short ribs, that I could not do at home.
Now having said all this, one day we will go back for the view and the chops.

Vic's is awesome.
My wife had the rack of lamb and I had the pork chop.
The pork chop was AMAZING and during the hours of 5-7 it was only $20 with a salad and chocolate cake.
The chop may be the best I've ever had; with a delicious honey whisky glaze.
The lamb was good as well, although it didn't compare to the chop.
My wife also ordered the cheesecake on a stick...delicious.
Our waiter was very friendly.
My only negative is that it's located in the Sun City Anthem Country Club.
I feel bad for them that their main clientele will be retired people who like to complain.
In fact the old couple sitting in at the table next to us pissed us off by commenting on everything we ordered.

We try not to go to a new restaurant in the first 2 - 3 weeks after it opens.
We went this week even though it still is in its "soft opening".
We arrived on the early side for dinner (about 6 PM).
We were greeted by a very pleasant young lady who showed us to our table and gave us menus.
Within a couple of minutes, our waiter came by, introduced himself and promised to return soon after he attended to another table.
He was a man of his word.
The service overall was attentive and pleasant.
The menu was somewhat limited but I had no problem finding something that sounded interesting - the "anti-pasta lasagna.
" My dish was excellent, priced appropriately with a very generous portion (enough to bring some home for the next day).
My wife had the sliders.
Also very enjoyable though not as interesting as the lasagna nor as tasty.
The presentation was excellent - I'm a sucker for interesting china and glasses.
The view is spectacular - as good as any restaurant in Henderson.
Overall, a very nice dining experience.
The prices are fair, the service good, the portions generous and the ambiance excellent.
I will recommend it to my friends.

Took the family to Vic's for a Birthday Dinner.
2 of us had the Seafood Stroganoff and another Filet Mignon and Baked Potato.
The meal was fabulous, presentation, preparation and aviance were superb.
The service (Kevin was our waiter) was very good and attentive.
This is high end restaurant with a fabulous view of Las Vegas and is located in the Sun City Anthem Center.

Excellent food.
Fantastic view.
Very slow service.
Crisp, fresh Caesar Salad.
Yummy Meat Loaf in Won Ton Wrappers (like egg rolls),  Delicious Short Ribs.

Went to Vics on a Wed night with a bunch of friends.
I was surprised to find the place fairly busy on a Wednesday night.
It was a first time visit for all of us.
Loved that the menu was diverse offering a simple variety of dishes.
Understandable because it is in a very exclusive area of town.. Prices were very reasonable and the food was excellent.
This place has great potential to be something more than just a restaurant.
It can be developed as a night club serving drinks, food and good music.
Our waiter Anthony was very accommodating and patient as we toiled over the food selection.
Wonderful to have a fine eating place like this, this far out of town.
I hope people can discover this little jewel and enjoy it as much as we all did.

Went to Vic's yesterday.
Dinner did not start until 5:00, so we had a glass of wine at the bar.
We informed the hostess that we wanted a table and planned to stay for dinner.
She informed us that she needed to seat those parties with reservations first.
When 5:00 came, it took her fifteen minutes to seat three small parties.
While she was finally walking us to our table, she asked if we were Sun City Anthem residents.
I told her that we lived in Anthem, but not in Sun City.
She said that Sun City residents got a 15% discount.
Then I asked her for the Early Bird Dinner menu.
She said that was only for Sun City residents as well.
So, with that we left...
It is obvious to me that this establishment is doing a very good business serving the senior community.
But the "Open to the Public" signs all over don't specify that the general public will be paying more than the residents:(

Nice place, good food, great atmosphere and view.
Hopefully this is the beginning of other establishments in the area.
I only wish the prices were better and lately they have been charging for extra condiments (salad dressing,etc)  Its a shame because this will hurt the business.
Perhaps they are struggling to stay open?
But that's not the way to do it.
I hope they learn a new formula

The view is great, love the design of the restaurant and the food will blow you mind.
If you love old fashion American food with a new flair............this is the play to go.
Perfect for any celebration meal.

I had met Vegas Vic at the Bite of Las Vegas in 2012, where he was making a NutterButter, dipped in Pancake Mix, Orange Soda, Deep Fried, and served with a Chambord Raspberry dipping sauce.
I was one of the volunteers who had a chance to try it.
It was delicious.
I had seen Vic's billboards off of the 215 by Eastern and another one by the M Resort off of the 15 South, so I was tempted to go check it out.
First off, Vic's is located in Anthem, which is a retirement community in Henderson.
It is very far from the strip, but not too far if you live on that side of town.
Literally, the restaurant is inside the community center.
There is no frontage, no free standing building, and can be hard to find.
You can ask anyone who is walking around where it is and they will point you in the right direction.
Second, the food was fantastic.
Vic's has a relatively small menu, but everything was unique, American inspired, and looked good.
Unlike most Vegas restaurants, all of Vic's entrees come with a house or Caesar salad.
The food was reasonably priced for fine dining and was packed with flavor.
Pros: Great food, great view, friendly staff, relatively inexpensive for the quality of food Cons: In a retirement community center, all other patrons are 60+, far away from society  I see myself going back to Vic's if I am in the area golfing or end up looking for a place to get dinner before heading to the M Resort or Green Valley for a night out.

Giving them 5 stars because we really enjoyed everything about this place.
The food is reasonably priced.
The ambiance is fantastic.
And the service is great!
(Sit outside....the view is beautiful).
We ordered the chicken dish and the spaghetti dish, with a side of Mac & cheese.
The dinner salads come complimentary with the meal and are a great size.
Their choice of dressings is fantastic (try the grape vinaigrette).
The Mac and cheese was delicious, as were our meals.
The meatball with the spaghetti is huge!
The chicken dish come with a Thai chili sauce that tastes fantastic.
Our bill was less than $50.
Can't beat that for a great meal with a great view.
We will most definitely return!

ATMOSPHERE WAS GREAT!!!
SERVICE GREAT!!!
FOOD AND WINE....TERRIBLE!!!
if you have to go there TAKE YOUR OWN WINE....and ask for a stem glass, otherwise you get a water or juice glass.
Do not order the Caesar salad, we were told the kitchen REFUSES to cut up the romaine or to split that salad.
The main courses were only 1/2 bad due to over cooking....The "loaded baked potato" came without some of the what is was to be loaded with so I asked that they bring it to me and a tiny bit of chives came in a medicine cup of the smallest possible size.
The bread could not be chewed as the crust was like leather.
Parking is not good and there is no valet...so "gentlemen" drop your date at the door and then park....only 3 handicapped spots.
When children misbehave or a baby continually screams a normal person would leave the restaurant but when then don't, I expect the management to handle the situation....they did not handle it last night and we had 2 ;hours of screaming.
If the food was good then I would say the prices are fair.....now that is the best thing I can say about Vic's.

After hearing about and reading so many glowing reviews,  My friends and I decided to try VICS and we're glad we did.
For starters the restaurant itself is beautiful and entirely glassed in so the view of the city and the Strip is nothing short of magnificent.
With very few exceptions all tables are window tables so you're sure to get a good view of the view.
We ordered wine to start with (Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay) and were surprised to have the wine served in an "old fashion" glass rather than stemware, So be sure to ask for stemware if you prefer your wine that way.
The basket of bread that the waiter brought was so delicious we ordered two more baskets.
Little triangles of the freshest, warmest most delicious bread we've had yet.
A warm,  buttery onion flavored bread, rosemary bread, and sun-dried tomato bread and huge dollops of room temperature butter -  thank you for that.
Diner number one ordered the Sweet Thai chicken because she likes her food spicy and this didn't disappoint not in flavor, not in the portion and with the perfect balance of sweetness and heat.
( Yes I was able to taste a bit of all of the dishes we ordered).
Diner number two ordered the short ribs which were served with caramelized Cipollini onions and a deliciously dark and rich wine sauce.
The beef was fall-apart-melt-in-your-mouth tender.
She loved it and so did I. Diner number three and I ordered the Pan Seared  Scallops with citrus risotto and drizzled with pistachio oil.
This was a delicious and unusual dish.
The scallops were perfectly done and so was the risotto -rich creamy and cooked to perfection.
We didn't order dessert because we couldn't fit it in -we were just too full.
The service was very good but if I have to mention the downside or drawback is that one diner and I ordered coffee with Bailey's Irish cream.
We asked for whipped cream and got plain coffee with a small pitcher of cream, not whipped.
The waiter mentioned he'd be right back with the Bailey's.
We expected to get it the way we always get it ; in  a glass mug the Baileys  already poured into the coffee and served with whipped cream on the top and a sprinkle of cinnamon.
Not a big deal but for a restaurant of this caliber I thought it was an amateur move.
Will we return?
Absolutely.
When the weather cools we expect we'll eat on the patio overlooking that magnificent view.

Went here with the family not expecting much, and came away extremely impressed and very full.
What is a foodie restaurant doing in Sun City Anthem?
All of the menu items were unique and different in some way, and everything tasted delicious.
Some of the innovative items on this menu included a Mac N Cheese French Onion Soup, Caramel Apple Pork Chop and Spaghetti that included one 11 oz behemoth of a meatball.
The house salad dressing contained reduced grape soda and an appetizer contained meatloaf wrapped inside of a spring roll.
Not your run of the mill fine dining menu.
Aside from the wonderful food, the place is beautiful.
A gorgeous view overlooks the entire city and the glasses, silverware and everything else were modern and cutting edge.
On top of everything else, the food wasn't too overpriced.
I have dined at many nice restaurants where salad isn't included with entrees, which was not the case here.
Vic's provided us with a reasonable priced meal at an above average eatery.
I would dine here again in a heartbeat.

We finally got inside Vic's!
The last time we trekked up the mountain to try this place, they were closed.
They have early hours here, so make sure the place is open when you drive up.
They close early!
Our service and food was superb!
Paul and I took friends to this place that were visiting from Oregon.
They said it reminded them of their country club in Medford.
The place has a country club type of setting.
It is part of a community center.
GO TRY VICS!
You will love the food!
The portions were large too!
We all ended up taking food home to eat as leftovers.

Love this place!!!!!
Great food (have the ravioli appetizer) and great service!!!
They have an amazing view, so be sure to book your reservation around sunset.
My husband had the short rib and it was quite tasty!!
Also, the Caesar salad was presented in a unique manner (I really liked their plating method).
As for the side dishes, they do a great job with mashed potatoes.
Enjoy!!!!

Went back to Vics Aug 2 and for some reason, their food was greasy and thickly battered.
My friend tried their lobster dish.
Fried and mediocre tasting.
Then she had their nutterbutter dessert - wow!!
It was like biting into an object that served as a receptacle for oil.
Dipped into some sweet sauce that made me want to hit somebody!
It was soooo sweet.... We also ordered from the appetizer some kind of rolls.
I think it was meat loaf batter they wrapped in rice paper (or something similar) and served with 2 dipping sauces.
One was tasteless and the other was good.
I had the spaghetti with meatballs.
The order was huge and the meatballs are made from the same batter for their meat loaf dish.

Very good martini & we'll prepared salmon, along with the "good ole" salad.
Resident discount makes this an easy choice.

Lousy thanksgiving dinner ever!!
And found hair in my salad, cranberry sauce from a can.

I wanted to like this more.
Unfortunately it was somewhat mediocre.
Holiday dinner had a lovely setting, with pleasant table setting.
Was mystified by a small dollop of canned cranberry sauce on a large saucer at our table seating of four.
The meal was standard fare but uninspiring as it was served barely warm.
The green bean dish was cool and curdled.
The turkey was sliced from a 'loaf'.
The dressing was a ice cream scoop form and somewhat dry.
The water was iced.
But they must have run out of filtered water by the end of dinner.
The choice of dessert was either pumpkin or apple pie that you might find delivered from any grocery store.
The eggnog, I was told, was very good.
I am not inclined to come again as there are so many places to choose from in our area.

Fine dining at affordable prices says it all!
Underline the words "fine dining" and "affordable" because they mean it.
A few months ago, I took my girlfriend here for her Birthday dinner and we had a flawless experience.
The atmosphere, the service, the prices and definitely the food were all top notch.
Even the portions they served were more than satisfying.
No complaints at all.
For an appetizer, we ordered the Shortyz (which is the appetizer version of their "Short Ribs").
They were so damn good that I decided to order the entrée version for my main dinner course.
She chose the Caramel Apple Pork Chop, which was also delicious, but didn't exactly melt in my mouth the way the short ribs did.
Since it was a birthday dinner, the assistant manager (I forgot his name, I just know he was tall and wore glasses... friendly guy!
) had us pick a full-sized dessert of her choice.
Free of charge!
The bottom line: I seriously have nothing bad to say about this place.
Considering the prices, it's the best food I've ever had in Vegas, period.
P.S.
I've read a lot of reviews from people complaining about Vic's location (Sun City Anthem, inside a Recreation Center, which is actually very nice).
Yeah, I can see why people would be questioning its location, but once you're inside the restaurant, all that "questioning" goes out the door.
If you're still not happy with the location, here's some advice to you: Go to Roy's, spend double the money on smaller portions and enjoy driving around that hectic side of town.
Also, be sure to have a few dollar bills with you, just in case a homeless guy hounds you for money.
More Vic's for me.

This place is an outstanding find in Las Vegas.
We only found it by accident as we were staying away from the strip because of the Valentines weekend and everyone crowding the whole city.
This place is something you would expect on the strip being high class, but even better because you can actually see the whole view of Las Vegas from your table.
The food was outstanding and unique, not stuffy and now home style, but classy and unique but really good combinations of ingredients.
Just the descriptions of options on the menu and from the waiter made it hard to choose, but we've never been disappointed.
A high class environment but very personal too.
Vic, the owner came out and talked to everyone and made us feel at home.
We've been there 3 times (every time we travel through Vegas) and Vic is there and actually remembers us and treats us like family.
We look forward to visiting for the people as much as the food.
It's like family away from home.

A gem in a very odd location, although it has a fantastic view at night.
I've been there twice now and everyone had excellent food at every course.
The first time I went I wasn't sure if I was going to play cards at the senior center or go to dinner.
Once in the small but pleasant space, we had good service and delicious food.
As long as the food continues to be well above average and surprisingly delicious, I'll be going back.
It's strip food with local prices.

Stopped there again on our way to Utah to visit our son during Christmas.
Great as usual!
This is somewhere we look forward to eating at Vic's when we pass through Vegas.

Vic's is far from the strip, and honestly far from almost anything, but totally worth the drive.
It's inside of a golf club, so it's a little hard to find, but the food is amazing!
They have a unique take on standard fare and I loved it.
Had meatloaf spring rolls which were sooo good, and the watermelon caprese which is out of this world!!!!
A must get.
Tried a few entrees and left here stuffed to the brim.
The view is worth the drive alone.
Get here before sunset and you have an amazing view of the entire city.
So cool.

One step forward, two steps back.
I so want Vic's to succeed and try my best to support the enterprise through community involvement and hosting business meals.
But!
You know what's coming.
SERVICE!
Gee wiz, guys and gals.
You need to be attentive without hovering - not that there was much hovering last night.
And it doesn't take 4 staff members to manage a table for 3.
The hostess was lovely, but it took a bit longer than comfortable for our waitress to introduce herself.
She was nice enough, but after taking our orders, with the familiar "everything is good" reply to a 1st time diner asking, "What's good?
"  Imagination, please!
The most popular beef, chicken and fish dishes would have been a terrific response.
It all starts with staff training.
The two guys that served and bussed the table were somewhat abrupt - another training matter.
When the salad course was complete, the knives were removed and not replaced.
Instead of taking them from an adjacent table set-up to offer the guest, a trip to the kitchen was launched.
I grabbed knives for my guests so they could enjoy their entrées and the look on the returning service fellow was threatening.
Goodness!
It's just a knife, guy  Wine list.
Keep it current.
With $100 laser printers, there's no excuse to present a wine list that is not up to date.
C'mon, man!
Pasta.
Ravioli requires the edges of the pasta to be sealed gently.
If these were "handmade, homemade" raviolis, they had been exposed to the air too long.
The edges of the pasta were chewy - not undercooked - slightly stale.
If Vic's is going to succeed, an attitude adjustment is necessary.
I've been mute for the past few months - and I've checked into Vic's 14 times on Yelp - so I'm not a seagull customer - one who flies over and dumps on the place.
I know the math behind profitability.
I know the ins and outs of a commercial kitchen.
I also see too many generals and not enough soldiers to make this work.
No doubt Vic's can serve a good meal.
I've had them.
They also can drop a hockey puck meatloaf on your table.
That was dreadful.
Happy to sit down with management and share my views - constructive criticism only.
Otherwise, we may be witnessing a different kind of Trumpets.
Let's hope not.
Faded Foodie

So me and my dad decided to try a new place Thursday night.
So we went to Vics and what a disappointment!
The service was ok.
I ordered the meatloaf and my dad ordered the short ribs.
The meatloaf had no flavor as did the sauce that was on top of it and honestly it looked like dog food and the short ribs tasted like something funky.
bottom line is this place deserves zero stars.
stay far away from this place, definitely not worth the money.

This is one of the best restaurants in Southern Nevada.
Don't let the location fool you.
We're a late 20s couple and have still turned this into one of our go-to date night spots.
The food is always outstanding, and the service is incredible too.
Be sure to ask for Rich when you're in there - he's hilarious and always delivers great service.
As for the menu, it's a food lover's paradise.
Everything is home style basics done at the top of the game, usually with a twist.
The meatloaf and brown gravy is already outstanding, but they take it a step further by reimagining it as an eggroll with two dipping sauces.
We usually get several appetizers, and then struggle over which entree to get because they're all so good.
I usually do the short ribs, and my fiancée does the chicken franchetta.
Both awesome.
Last night I ventured into the scallops and they were amazing.
And don't forget the view.
You can see the entire valley, and at night it's gorgeous!
I can't speak highly enough about this place.
An absolute must try for locals looking for the next great date spot.
Thanks a truly awesome valentines dinner.
We'll be back soon!

New to Vics, but loved it- We went on Valentines Day- so I have a few very minor "complaints": 1) There was a "fixed" menu, which were not aware of when we placed the reservation.
We were looking forward to trying some items that actually weren't available that night because you had to order one of two "packages".
2)There was a server or busperson who kept running past our table into the kitchen.
I was trying to unwind and relax, but every few minutes he literally ran past us!
That was a bit unnerving!
3) The package we chose came with two glasses of house wine- we were never offered them, given them, or allowed a substitution.
Not a big deal, but worth mentioning.
But, the rest of the experience was amazing- and I am very hard to please (see my other reviews) Calamari was outstanding- easily the best we have had---ever!
Caesar Salad- dressing was amazing!!!
Filet cooked to perfection-  Just a great night-  Of course the view is another plus.
We will definitely be back- cant wait!

Absolutely the best restaurant!
Try the caramel pork chop & lobster.. the view is spectacular.

Couldn't be happy from the start.
My husband went to make a reservation and they use some kind of email form so you have to wait to hear back if your reservation is accepted.
Kind of reminds me of the 1980's.
So he sent the note stating we would go else ware as we could not wait and suggested they look at real time reservations online.
Here was the response from the GM... Then my recommendation would be that you call.
We have no need for open table as we are a local business.
NOT a chain.
It works out anyway because I'm full at the time slot you requested.
I hope you try us out another time.
Have a wonderful day.
We are so insulted that his response was so distant from what diners do this day with technology.
So needless to say we will not be ever going here ever.
To all who read this, you have sen warned!

Our first time for supper.
The service was excellent, atmosphere casual elegant and beautiful views of the city and mountains.
My husband had a delicious Beef Stroganoff with fresh homemade noodles and light creamy sauce.
I had Sea Scallops on a bed of fresh risotto with lemon aioli.
We'll be back!

Went here for lunch on a Tuesday.
It was hard to find exactly where the restaurant was located and then when we found it, there was no one there to greet us.
After waiting for a few minutes someone came to seat us.
Service was very slow but kind and food was delicious!
Great place for a yummy hot sandwich, burger, or salad!!
Just make sure you are not constrained by time at all when you dine here.
We will definitely be back and we are looking forward to trying dinner here soon!

Wow.
2nd time at Vic's, but this time, thought I'd try the bar and appetizers.
Bartender was hard to find, but eventually showed up from the kitchen.
I ordered a Manhattan, straight up.
His response was to ask me what brand of Scotch I wanted!
I asked for Rye and he finally got it sorted.
Drink was poorly done with mini ice cubes in it.
Isn't this a supposed to be a hospitality town??
Thought I'd try an appetizer to check the kitchen again.
I ordered the truffled ravioli.
20 minutes later, no bartender, no ravioli.
During my wait, a lady arrived at the bar and ordered a martini.
Bartender said two minutes and proceeded to leave the bar and not return for 15 minutes.
No apology or anything to the customer.
Ravioli arrived, lukewarm, but overdone at the edges.
Microwaved?
Bartender eventually had to return, inquired about my ravioli.
When I told him it wasn't hot, we parted company.
He brought the check and I left.
No tip ..never to return.
AND I live in SCA.
I'd prefer a burger and beer location vs. this pretention.

A Hidden Jem in the Henderson / Las Vegas area.
Tonight my wife and I went to Vics for the first time for our anniversary.
We were greeted with a smile and sat in a booth with a fantastic view.
Our waitress (Jen) was very helpful, energetic, and continued to keep an eye on us as if we were special!
We ordered drinks, an appetizer, salads and entrees.
Nothing over lapped!
They came out one after another as they should!
This is uncommon in most restaurants.
She made sure our experience was enjoyable.
The food was fantastic!
Spaghetti and Meatball was above and beyond, and the Short Rib was one of, if not the best I've ever had.
The prices were very reasonable and one of the owners came out to greet and welcome us and confirm that everything was perfect.
We will most certainly return soon!

I give this place 10+  Stars!

Terrific.
From salad, through entrees, and dessert.
Fresh crisp Caesar.
Outstanding spaghetti with "6 hour" marinara - it said on the menu.
Topped off by a massive homemade meatball.
Excellent.
Huge serving.
Finished meal with maybe the best apple tart we have ever had.
No puff pastry cheap knockoff.
This was beautifully assembled and baked pie/pastry dough (probably started as a pate brisee) filled with nicely cooked apples.
Ala mode of course with a drizzle of caramel sauce.
Oh yeah...  BTW took half the spaghetti home.
Made two meatball sandwiches for us and there is more left in the fridge.
Will definitely be back!

The decor is bit outdated.
If you go early evening during the summer, there is no way to escape the blazing sun, which I am sure becomes a beautiful view at other hours of the day/early evening.
The waiter was young, a little inexperienced, but well-trained to cater to the retirement crowd (affordable fine dining).
The portions were huge, the menu was interesting, but the execution was terrible.
The chicken cutlet was burnt and covered up by an excessive amount of cheese.
The veal francata was drowned in butter.
It was inedible.
When the waiter asked why it wasn't eaten, we politely told him about the butter.
He informed the chef, who completed the sentence when the waiter started to say the dish had too much butter.
Although he informed us that he followed up, there was no offer to remove from our check (we didn't ask either).
We will not return to Vic's.
We asked to meet the owner and everyone was covert about his whereabouts.
If I were him, I would spend more time teaching the chef the recipes and updating the place.
Unless they feel that they have a captive audience of retirees and do not need younger people like us to frequent the establishment.
Of course, with the heavy-handed amounts of butter and cheese, the youngest of arteries won't hold up long enough to return.

Vics place is a gem.
I highly recommend going around sunset the view is awesome.
For an appetizer we ordered the steamed clams the flavor of the broth was great.
For the main course my wife had the scallops and I had the beef short ribs.
She let me try the scallops and they were great but the short ribs were of the charts.
We will be returning thanks vic for a great night.

We loved Chef Vic Vegas when he was on The Next Food Network Star and were ticked when he made his exit.
Back then we both knew we would have to hunt his restaurant down and try his food!
I read an article recently in the Las Vegas Review Journal about his restaurant at Sun City Anthem and at long last we are finally here!
From the warm friendly greeting to Rich, the  gregarious server it was an amazing experience even before the awesome food.
We started with the meatball spring rolls with pan gravy and ketchup aioli!
Deelish!
Next we had the house salad which normally would be boring anywhere else but I tried their BBQ bleu cheese dressing and OMG it was so good that  I used some of the bread at the table to scrape up every last drop!
Now onto to the entrees... Ken had the chicken parmesan.
The sauce was full of love and the chicken was so tender and juicy.
I had an amazing dish called Roughy Vin Bianco.
It was pan seared orange roughy with sautéed spinach.
It was so good with an amazing citrus sauce.
If I could have licked my plate clean in a public place I would have!!!!!!
We were both stuffed and happy but when Rich recommended Vic's take on PB&J he did not have to twist my arm very far!
We got to share five crispy delectable deep fried Nutter Butter cookies with a yummy Chambord reduction sauce to dip them into!!!
Plus we had a killer view of the mountains and Strip at sunset for under $70.00.
We will definitely be back soon!

