I hate kenneling my dog Snoop (50# Doberman Australian Shepard).
He is very active and loves to run and play, so every time I get him back from an over night/weekend kennel he is stressed out... it kills me.
I met Greta through a friend and she seemed excited about putting me at ease about Snoops kenneling issues.
He stayed a weekend with her and was treating her as his new owner when I came to pick him up.
I was very happy with how kind she was with him.
She only charged me $30 a night, 60 for the weekend!!
I gladly paid her $80, because I could tell he was well taken care of.
I have not found personalized care like this for my pup yet so I was very pleased.

I hate boarding my 14 year old, spoiled shtz tuz Katie.
I have alwys worried that she wouldn't get the attention she gets at home.
Well that has changed since I used Rover for dog boarding.
Bill, her sitter, was great with her.
He kept her on her walking and her feeding schedule.
He kept me informed and included pictures.
I was in Mexico so this was a great relief to see what she was up to.
When I picked her up she was relaxed, happy, and clean...no kennel smell like at some places.
I recommend this company for all dog boarding   They truly care about the comfort of your pet.

We meet with a pet sitter two weeks prior to make sure the pets got along well.
We felt comfortable leaving our dog in the care of this sitter and his dogs after the visit and many positive reviews for him on the website.
When we dropped my chihuahua off the day before we were scheduled to go on vacation one of the dogs attacked.
She bite my dog on the neck.
My husband tried to get the dog off but it kept biting and got her in the rump and leg area also.
The vet shaved down my dog in the bite areas and there was a lot of bruising.
She is on pain med and antibiotics.
The pet sitter is still available to book.
There are no warnings or advisories that his dog bit another dog and I am unable to leave a review on the website due to the cancellation of the booking after the incident.

I was very satisfied boarding my pet through rover.com.
I was able to browse through various sitters in my local area and read reviews as well including information on their rates.
Most sitters were able to respond to my inquiry almost immediately therefore allowing me plenty of time to find an alternative sitter when one was not available.
I was also able to arrange a meet and greet prior to dropping off my pet.
Finally our pet had a great stay and we were completely satisfied.
Our sitter turned out to be great and we look forward to booking her through rover again in future whenever we are out of town...

Be sure to review your dog sitter before you book with them!!!!
Do not trust the reviews!!!!!
This website had great reviews for green acres dog boarding in Gilbert az and they just killed 17 dogs!!!!!!

Rover.com is truly the best!!!
Connects Dog lovers to dog lovers!!!
My heart broke every time I left our 97lb Airedale, Hank at a kennel--it reminded me of the pound.
Chain-link fences, unnatural feeding/play/human interaction routines and distressed dogs that filled the facilities--it always made me feel guilty.
Since we have been using ROVER.com for pet sitting / dog sitting, we have had many worry-free vacations knowing Hank is being cared for by other dog lovers in the comfort of a dog friendly home.
It truly is all about Hank having a good time and since we have used Rover.com he has found many dog friends to socialize with and do play dates with.
Rover.com's website is super easy to navigate, review profiles, set up meet and greets and connect with dog people :) Their customer service is supberb and on point if you ever have a concern or have technical difficulties.
I absolutely recommend doing a 'MEET & GREET,' before any booking and thoroughly checking where your dog will be sleeping & playing.
Socialize yourself with your sitter and your dog with their dogs so you can leave them feeling worry free.
As you can see from our pictures below from past stays, Hank has always made himself more than comfortable & been spoiled!
We truly have enjoyed the experience Rover.com offers and I know Hank does too!

