There is no sign on the building yet, but the doors are open and the friendly staff at Otro will happily feed you!
I went some co-workers yesterday for lunch, we were one of just two tables, but I don't think that will happen again once word gets out that Otro Cafe is open, and is the sister restaurant to Gallo Blanco, a Phoenix favorite.
The interior is crisp, open and highlights the buildings natural architecture, with exposed beams and brick.
There are a mix of booths and tables and a huge patio out front that will be perfect for sipping margaritas.
After sitting down we were given a huge bowl of chips and two salsas, a red and a green.
The chips were warm and slightly salted, they were on the thick side, but still tasty.
I prefer a thinner, crispier chip, but it is really just personal preference.
The green salsa is bright and tangy, and the milder of the two, while the red one is thicker and robust with chile flavor.
My group went through about 3 bowls of each during our lunch, so they are definitely memorable.
The menu is limited right now, but they plan to double it after things get rolling.
It has a unique blend of modern Mexican dishes along with familiar items, like tacos and guacamole.
We tried the Mexican Paella, which had great flavor, but the chicken was a bit on the dry side.
We also tried the El Pastor tacos and the Tacos el Carbon.
The tacos are served on homemade flour tortillas that just melt in your mouth.
The pastor was very flavorful, and I loved the addition of the pineapple for a bit of sweet, it really elevated the flavor.
The el Carbon tacos were served with a chimichurri sauce that was also flavorful.
We also orderd a small side of guacamole, which for $3 was huge and some of the best I have head, definitely the best value on the menu.
I really enjoyed my meal and can't wait to see the menu expand and grow.
One of my dining companions said that they prefer the tacos at Gallo Blanco, he liked that meat selections better there...but I pointed out that these are sister restaurants and not the same....so they had to change up the menu a bit!
I think Otro Cafe is going to have great success, the food is delicious and it is located in the hot 7th Street corridor...I will definitely be back.

Went there for lunch yesterday.
This place is a home run.
We love Gallo Blanco, this is more intimate and a great addition to the neighborhood.
Tacos were amazing as was the paella.
Great beer selections.
Waitstaff was fabulous.
Can't wait to go back, will be a regular stop.

Specfreakintacular!
Decided to try Otro for lunch.
Had one of the best experiences ever!
Our server was beyond amazing.
He gave great food recommendations.
Very knowledgable and super polite.
The restaurant itself is beautiful.
Great new neighborhood joint!

First dinner night!
Superb location, great food and bar.

We ordered the guacamole...good taste but not mixed so there were bites that had too much hot spice.
The waiter recommended the goat tacos.
The tacos were dry and the meat likewise.
My friend ordered a salad with chicken.
It came with ham.
There was a discussion with the waiter about the fact that we ordered with chicken....and he huffed away.
We asked them to forget the salad order.
When the check came, would have expected there to be an accommodation for the fact that one member of the party had no dinner.
Instead, they said "we took off the salad".
Really?
Overall...expensive....mediocre food.
Better restaurants in central Phoenix.

** Add another restaurant to the rotation **  Wow!
Stopped in last night and was delighted.
We decided to just share a bunch of stuff.
We had guacamole and chips, steak tacos, pork tacos, bacon torta, goat tacos, roasted turnips, mexican style rice, and roasted beets.
The guacamole was fresh and filled with citrus overtones.
Very tasty.
The roasted beets and turnips were all locally sourced.
They were a mix of sweet and tart.
Never really had anything like it.
Darn good.
The prices were reasonable and the service was top notch.
I would highly recommend a stop at Otro Cafe.
I will be returning shortly and bringing some friends.

Fifth time here, so I am really getting to know the menu and I usually insist on sampling from my guest plates.
Chips and salsa free, but I also automatically order the guacamole which is chunky and rustic.
My new favorite is Paella and at $8.00  a perfect meal The Al Pastor tacos get 6 stars, the best in town.
A strong recommendation; The Inca salad with Quinoa as the main ingredient is a must order item and great for sharing.
The space is beautiful as well, very clean and contemporary lines, uncluttered and a beautiful view of the kitchen where the magic happens.

Dinner for four last night turned out to be a disaster!
First, the surly waiter did not know if they served bourbon or scotch.
Asked for "second choices" in case they didn't have them.
When the drinks arrived we needed a few more minutes to make our dinner selection.
Questions about the menu were apparently not appreciated by the waiter and answered very shortly.
We attempted to get the waiter back to take our order to no avail.
Finally we asked the hostess if she would get the waiter and another one came to take our order for additional beverages and food.
It took forever to even be served the second drink.
We noticed that a gentleman (owner?
) was at the cooking station getting chips out of a large bin, putting them into bowls to be served with his bare hands.
Our dinner was finally served (one the wrong order, perhaps because the waiter couldn't hear over the loud music) and we found it to be just okay.
The Paella had little flavor.
The hostess did offer to buy us a desert but after this "dining" experience took us several hours, we did not want to wait any longer.
Recommend you go to Christos down the street as food and service is excellent.

Second time here in a week.
Just as great as the first time.
:-) Inca Salad makes my mouth water.

I love Gallo Blanco, so I was pretty excited about this new offering, and I wasn't disappointed.
I was there with a group of nine for happy hour/dinner.
I can't be effusive enough about how attentive the staff was, and how gracious they were about our many requests.
It seemed like every time the server approached the table, he left with another order.
We had the ceviche, guacamole, chicken paella, steak tacos, coconut pudding, and key lime pie.
Everything was amazing.
The wine menu was a little light, but someone (I think she was the manager) told us that they'd had a meeting with a wine distributor earlier in the day and would be expanding the wine menu in the coming weeks.
If you like Gallo Blaco, you'll like the additions to the menu offered by Otro Cafe.
The space itself is crisp and clean, although not particularly large.
I foresee long waits as word gets about this place.

Christopher T. is correct in stating that this place should go into your usual rotation.
I had the chicken soup - and while I did see a review that this wasn't authentic Pho - WHO CARES!
It was amazing.
If you are looking at reviews, considering dining here, just get in the car and come.
It's good, and you will like it.

I was just reading the reviews on Yelp!, and I can't justify the 1 star reviews with the great meal and service I just had.
Everything was super fresh, the al pastor torta and tacos were delish, and I couldn't get over how much shrimp was in the Coctel de Camaron (prolly misspelt :-)  Service was friendly, mostly quick and super knowledgeable.
Also several local Az breweries were represented, and the bar looked pretty well stocked, with some interesting house cocktails.
We tried both desserts (pudding and tort) which just put the meal over the top.
My only complaint, the menu was kind of limited.

Did you ever have a little insignificant almost not worthy mentioning kind of thing happen while dining being a precursor to things to come?
It started with my iced tea.
It was an unexpected fruity flavor but what really annoyed me was the very old orange slice hanging on my glass.
I could tell by looking at it that it's been around for at least more than a day.
That sort became a kiss death in my opinion and maybe blemished my experience a little bit.
They started us off with a generous amount of chips and salsas.
The chips were fresh and slightly on the thick side.
The salsas were both unique one was a very limey tomatillo and the other was a creamy very spicy red that had a smokiness to it with a slightly bitter taste to it.
I had the smaller sized Quinoa salad that was mostly quinoa.
I thought the salad was OK.
I liked the pumpkin and local yulu seeds in it.
I also thought the sweet roasted corn in it was a nice touch and it would have been better with just a little more roasted corn.
I would have enjoyed the salad more if I didn't add the chicken because I didn't care for the taste of the chicken.
I"M NOT SAYING IT WAS BAD in any way but it had that similar taste to it that the hot sauce had that I didn't care for.
It was something smokey and the salad flavors, the fruity iced tea and the smokey chicken just didn't taste good together for me.
But I note that's just me and anybody else might like it.
My husband had what they called Paella.
He said it was OK as a chicken with salsa and rice in a skillet kind of meal.
It didn't have the crust of rice one expects at the bottom to be paella and the rice was mushy but OK.
It seemed like more salsa than broth.
He didn't recognize anything pork in the dish but was told it was in there when he asked about it.
I just kept looking at that falling apart soggy orange slice...........  2.5 stars  I do note they have a nice patio for al fresco dining.

Tried it last week.
I thought it was terrific.
Quality of food, originality, prices......all excellent.
Service was very good.....tad slow but they had a party of 20 that might have thrown things off some.
Some items are quite spicy so I'd ask about what you order.
Menu was cryptic to me, I had ask on a number of items; "what is this?
" Anyway, I don't write reviews often unless I really enjoy a place or if something is awful.
PS: House margarita was terrific!

Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, so after finding out that the owner opened a new spot I definitely wanted to give Otro a try.
My husband and I came in for lunch.
We were immediately served chips and two kinds of salsa; spicy red and a mild green.
I only had a small taste of the red because I'm a wimp, it had quite a kick.
The green was very fresh tasting and really good.
I decided on the chicken noodle soup, shared guacamole, and my husband had the torta.
The chicken noodle soup was like a Mexican version of Pho.
It was a big bowl of chicken broth with a generous amount of rice noodles and chunks of chicken.
Fresh mint, basil, cilantro, bean sprouts and lime were served on the side.
The broth combined with the fresh ingredients made for a very good meal.
The guacamole was very fresh, similar to Gallo Blanco with hints of citrus in it, it tasted great.
I only had a bite of my husbands torta, but the flavor was fantastic!
The rice on the side was much different and had lots of fresh vegetables like squash and kale.
Oh and they serve passion fruit iced tea, which I love!
Service was very good too, they explained the menu and also warned me about how spicy the sauce for my soup was before dumping it into my whole bowl.
I like being able to adjust the spice in my meals because I'm such a wimp when it comes to spice.
I will definitely return to Otro Cafe.

Atmosphere: 5 Location: 5 FOOD: 5!!!!!!!
Service: 1 Food is soooo YUMMY!
Fresh, clean, and I love the open kitchen.
I had a fabulous quinoa salad for screamin deal, $5.
The veggie taco with butternut squash, AMAZING.
Pear mojito was good but it definitely took 15min to make it to me.
FREE chips and salsa, so i still tipped accordingly, but the service was just bad.
I came in after a day of moving so I looked a little scruffy but I watched our server go out of her way to basically cater to everyone but us.
Its a small location so I dont know how she missed the dirty empty dishes (with my card on the edge of the table) for AT LEAST 10min.... if it wasnt for the amazing food I wouldnt go back.
But seriously, AWESOME food!
UPDATE:  Ive been in a little more than a handful of times now and the ONLY time I have received good service is with Randy.
He was absolutely wonderful.

Perhaps a 2.75, I felt the food was in imaginative, the menu was small, and the service was slow.
I love all Mexican food, but this just felt like it fell short

Hit this place up last week with my boyfriend.
First of all, I love that they're open until 10pm on weekdays.
Most restaurants like this are closed by 9pm.
First impression on menu items is that they're fairly cheap.
Items are around $9 on average.
Chips and salsa are free!
Score.
Since it's the same owner/chef as Gallo Blanco, the food is very similar.
But I think the prices are much more reasonable.
I had the asado chicken salad - portion size was good, I couldn't finish it.
It was extremely tasty and I promptly inhaled it.
Boyfriend had the pollo asado.
Also quite tasty and he ate the entire thing like a fat kid.
Our server was extremely pleasant and pretty funny too.
Overall, we had a great evening and intend on returning!

I went there last night with my boyfriend after hearing many positive reviews from friends and co-workers.
It lived up to the hype.
The atmosphere is a little more lively then what I typically like to go for when it is date night.
(Bright lighting, open center booths, open kitchen concept) Please note, I am not knocking them for these features.
I can dig it.
On to the food.
We had the Coctel de Camaron for an app.
and the white Sangria for drinks.
We both liked them.
We split the Paella De Campo and each got a taco.
I opted for the Carne Asada, and he got the Al Pastor.
Both were good, but my vote was for the Al Pastor.
It was simi sweet, not overly sweet which is why I chose the asada instead.
Then we over indulged and got the coconut pudding for dessert.
We enjoyed it, but could have used less chocolate shavings (I know, what kind of girl says that?
) The chocolate shavings were shaved small, but there was a lot of it which I personally felt took away from the pudding.
Okay the best part, the price.
We had a total of 4 drinks, 1 app, 1 entree, 2 tacos, and dessert for $56.
I was very impressed.
Keep up the good work!

Met some friends at Otro Saturday night.
Even though our table was set--we waited almost 15 minutes to be seated and this was at 6:00 pm.
Otro is just okay--nothing knock your socks off about anything--I had a trout special--the fish was good but not outstanding--five people at the table ordered the paella--and to the person everyone said it did not have enough flavor--it was just okay.
The highlight was the lime pie--yellow like it is supposed to be and puckery.
All the prices are very reasonable--I was just hoping that the food would take my breath away.
I will probably go back to Otro--but it will be for the company  whoever that may be rather than being drawn to the food.
One more thing--the service was just off--either it was too much or not enough--but it never hit the sweet spot.

If I can move my fingers fast enough to write in my over stuffed, overfed, eye drooping food coma but happy body, right now I would like to write this review.
lol----The only Mexican Restaurant I can say I truly love is Gallo Blanco.
I was excited to hear about this cafe from the same folks/chef but with an organic twist.
I visited tonight and they were busy.
Not so much when I first got there around 6:30ish but it soon started getting packed.
I was greeted quickly and had to wait less than 5 minutes for a table.
I chose to sit outside.
if you like Gallo you will like it here.
Maybe more so since I think the hotel location is just bizzare in the form of mood and atmosphere.
(Unless you visit the rooftop pool first-lol) At Otro there is a type of a cool, hip, Chelsea /Greenwich Village  arty, beatnik, type of feel to it.
The menu seemed the same but the hostess assured me it is not.
(More organic options which has been the chef's dream for the past ten years) Oh well!
That all sounds good and dandy to me but I always order the same thing because I love their Carne Asada Tortas and Guac so much!
( I swear one day I have to branch out and try some of their other food items) I usually end up taking half home and tonight was no exception.
I liked the fruity Ice tea, the hot green salsa ( Not so much the smokey, red one.
I do not like smokey tasting anything) and yes I ordered my usual for dinner.
I had to knock off a star because the bread was slightly burnt on my Torta ( that is a big no-no for me)  and the Guac seemed bland for some reason.
Maybe the recipe is different here?
With that said, their Guac is still soooooo yummers and I devoured half the Torta anyway.
I never said a word nor sent it back so a solid 4 stars it is.
However, I am guessing 5 stars on the next visit.
Maybe my taste buds were off or something on the Guac but I did not get that citrus bite I love.
For some reason I just wanted to keep reaching for a salt shaker.
I have to give 5 stars to the Coconut Pudding though.
It was a small piece of heaven.
I have been trying to make a good coconut creme cake filling at home but it is never correct.
It is either yuk; too fake tasting or too sweet, This pudding is to die for.
Not too sweet, smooth as silk, delish in a cup sprinkled with dark chocolate shavings.
I died and went to Hawaii.
Michael was my server but the entire staff, more or less, all chipped in and helped.
Michael is a nice man and treated me well.
Micheal knows what Haupia is so he gets an extra shout out.
I have to admit though he was a little too busy at times.
It seems other Yelpers agree maybe they need more help here?
Thank you Otro for a nice meal.
Perhaps, I should be upset that you totally helped me to ruin my diet plan.
Welllll, sadly, it took very little arm twisting.
Until next time, "Tiene una buen noche.

I've was needing a couple of margeys and some delicious chips, along with some sibling hang time with the brothers.
We got there early (before 6) and were greeted warmly.
The drinks were tangy and cold and the chips showed up quickly.
Fresh, hot, salty chips were just delish.
Love the green tomatillo sauce but the other sauce seared my tongue.
I am no lightweight when it comes to spices but, holy cow, I had to give up!
We ordered the corn and the guac and they were really fresh and yummy tasting....mixed together, they were just sublime.
I had the shrimp tacos, brother 1 had the veggie torta, and brother 2 had the polla asodo.
We had great service and, even with a very generous tip, made it out of there at about 23 bucks a person with drinks.
Some suggestions:  (I won't quibble about wait times...I know you're getting up and running).
Bring a variety of sauces to the table.
We all agreed that our food was kind of naked and this is a great opportunity to expose diners to more of your delicious recipes.
I didn't get any sauce on my tacos and distinctly remember that as being the best part!
Expand the menu a bit to include more appetizers (sorry, but I just dig the Chicharron de Queso for the novelty alone).
The neighborhood is starting to fill up with Mexican joints so this will help you stay competitive.
Lastly, do a little sound dampening; you won't need much but this will help since it's heating up outside.
We'll all be back,I'm sure.
Smooches!

Solid food from the folks who brought you Gallo Blanco.
The apps outshined the entrees during our visit (though the entrees were fine).
I would consider ordering several apps for the table and pretending it's tapas served family-style next time.

Veggie tacos and quinoa salad are REALLY good - wood fire grill, local & organic ingredients, open kitchen, good prices, and nice people !

Mmm tasty !
Love the freshness and unpretentious style of Otro One visit and am a big fan!
Staff is super !
Food delicious!
Atmosphere uncluttered and as fresh as the food!

This cafe gem was created by the Chef and owner of Gallo Blanco Café -- as a huge fan of GBC, I was looking forward to this restaurant.
Atmosphere is nice and cozy.
I ventured out with three friends so we could each order a differ entree and sample & taste.
Chips & salsa were hot and tasty.
I had the Caldo de Pollo con Fideo Chino & an Otro salad (Gotta keep it light to maintain my Size 4 figure!!!
) --- simply delish.
I had samples of the Mole Negro -- YUMMILICIOUS!
The Paella Mexicana wasn't a fave but it's something I would never order for myself.
Overall, I loved the food and definitely look forward to sharing more times with good friends here at Otro Cafe.
CHEERS***

didn't really live up to the hype for me.
Menu was somewhat limited.
Drinks seemed a bit overpriced.

Went in a second time and actually tried something different.
I had the Guac (of course) and an, Al Pastor Taco.
I always eat too much when I go here or Gallo so I just got the one taco.
It was delicious and I am not usually a fan of pork.
I then had to get the Coconut Pudding, which like my previous review noted, is outstanding.
Funny thing is I still left stuffed.
I also enjoyed the service.
The waitress and I shared a history lesson and the background behind Al Pastor.
Hmmm, Shawarma, who knew?
Thanks to Smart Phones everything called, "info" is at the touch of a button.
lol   I really think this is the best Mexican Restaurant in the valley.
Note, I said Mexican, not what Americans think Mexican is.

Great addition to the neighborhood!
Very impressed with the food, atmosphere, and happy hour.

This was the second time have ordered take out.
I had the Caldo de Pollo con Fideo Chino and I loved it.
Try it!

The Mexican  Paella was delicious as was the pastor.
It is now on my favorites list.

The genius behind Gallo Blanco has opened up a new spot and we stopped by for Paella!
I had been looking for a good paella since my trip to Madrid and I have to admit I still miss my dish..
I will say that the mexican paella was pretty damn good!
When you have great ingredients you have a shot at good food and when you marry that with this chef's touch you have success.
They have similar dishes to Gallo Blanco but I appreciate the blend and uniqueness of plates like the Español that change things up enough to make this another stop in my Mexican stops.
Try out the arroz con coco desert too, it was awesome!

More and more, 7th Street is becoming the street to be on.
Terrific restaurants continue to pop up, and even more are being built as I type!
Otro is no exception to that.
It's a great little casual dining spot with delicious food and awesome ambiance; it's perfect for a date.
If you're a fan of Gallo Blanco, you're going to be familiar with what Otro has to offer.
Mexican beer, wine, cocktails, tacos, chips, guacamole and tasty salsas... All were had, and all were yummy.
The al pastor and carne asada tacos are choice!
While the al pastor was sweet and savory, the carne asada was tender and scrumptious!
They know what they're doing, so you shouldn't be disappointed with Otro's taco game.
Complementary chips and salsas are always a nice touch, and when paired with Otro's freshly made guacamole, be prepared for food baby status because you won't be able to stop picking at them!
With all that goodness shared, I have one gripe..
I ordered a michelada, and Otro's only comes with beer and lime juice.
I was hoping for some spicy tomato juice with it, but c'est la vie...  Otro is worth a visit, and I'll be back in the near future for sure.
I'm already craving some of those delicious tacos and salsas.
To all my foodies, get off your butts and go check it out.

I've been a big fan of Gallo Blanco.
But now Otro is closer, hence I expect to be spending a lot more time here.
First up: the Guacamole- an Otro/Gallo Blanco specialty.
While I am partial to Gallo Blanco with the citrus infused guac, this one was pretty tasty.
I'm a huge fan of the chicken soup!
Chicken soup you ask?
Yes!
It comes in a bowl of noodles and broth accompanied by a great selection of fresh herbs (Mint, cilantro) and veggies (beans, jalapenos) to spice your dish to your liking.
All for $5?
Its a steal!
Tacos: I am a huge fan of Gallo Blanco's tacos.
My one complaint, is that there aren't enough on this menu.
I know....
I know...
They wanted to do something MORE than what they could do at Gallo Blanco.
But I just love the GB tacos.
Paella- I've been eyeing it.
Will be trying in short order!

Someone said the drinks overpriced??????
HAHA a five dollar DELICIOUS pear mojito is overpriced???
Same person said the menu was limited.....well as a chef myself, i would rather see a small menu perfectly executed than a cheesecake factory menu where everything is blah....... the food here is awesome.
We had guac, (very nicetouch of orange), the Inca salad is very unique and to die for!
My favorite salad EVER.
Tacos were very good, and where to begin with the fresh , locally grown, non gmo, and organic vegetable???
Three local farms featured, three sampled......how do YOU think they were??
Right........FANTASTIC!
We shared a torta, the torta Noca, with carne asada and an over easy egg and guac on it, the bread was light and airy and the flavor excellent.
We had no room left for the coconut pudding, but got and shared one anyway.........light, fresh and again spot on delicious.
We will be back if they keep it up......to you haters out there, STAY AWAY from here!
I dont like to wait for a table!
All that and two Negra Modelos, and a pear mojito, and the bill was well under 60 dollars.........well done Mr Robson, and Mr Robson, well done.

Still my favorite place in town.
I just cannot eat enough of the pork tacos.
Inca salad is fantastic.
Recently fell in love with the chicken soup.
It just a solid spot.

I really enjoyed dinner here tonight.
Shared the Inca salad with a friend and had a carne asada taco and a veggie taco, both were excellent.
My friend had the molé chicken and said it was tasty

This place is phenomenal!
Everything was so fresh and delicious.
Service was great.
Cool music- cool vibe- great atmosphere.
Definitely a great place to go while you're in Phoenix!

I am hooked!
Tried it once on a whim and have been back at least 3 times since (a two-week span of time, mind you).
The decor an ambiance here are just so-so.
It's a very casual spot, and not romantic, but is great for a low-key meal or dinner with a group.
Most everything served here is local and prepared fresh daily.
You can definitely tell!
The Inca salad is wonderful; so many unexpected flavors.
Add shrimp for a healthy and satisfying lunch.
If you are ready to splurge-- the BLT & A is a MUST!
It's huge though, so consider sharing it with a friend.

Had been meaning to get here and finally made it last night.
Excellent fare and solid service at reasonable prices.
Party of 6 of us - man I love summer when the tourists leave and you can get seated right away anywhere.
So nice to have craft beer on tap with my Mexican food - Four Peak Hop Knot IPA.
Started with the chips and guac which I thought was very good, although I would have preferred it with the cheese on top.
The elote, on the other hand, was wonderful -- as good as I've had.
I ordered the "paella", which was a ittle thicker than a standard paella and seafood-less, I believe (Chicken, sausage, ham, root veggies).
Very nice, and although I had plans to save some for tomorrow, it didn't happen.
Wifey said the chicken mole was good, but she still prefers the version at Pepe's Taco Villa.
OK, to each her own.
Split an order of the coconut pudding (meh), and a key lime pie/tart/square/something that was phenomenal -- creamy and super-tart.
Only downside was that it was pretty warm in there.
Don't know if they had A/C problems or were using a swamp cooler, but it was borderline uncomfortable at times.
Crank up the A/C guys.
Great place.
Great location.
I'll be back to try the Al Pastor tacos, and can't wait to try the chicken soup everyone seems to be raving about...

I went in yesterday with a friend.
The Inca salad and fish tacos were amazing!
Luis was my server and made the meal all the more enjoyable!
I highly recommend this place.
I'll definitely be back.

The food was so good it was gone before I had a chance to take pictures...oops!
I really like Otro,  their food is fresh, flavorful, and made with quality ingredients.
I went in search of a good taco al pastor, and while theirs missed the mark of a truly authentic one, the taste and flavor of the taco here was very good.
(BTW I'm still in search of a taco al pastor that tastes as good as the ones I came to love in central Mexico so if anyone knows of a good taco shop send me a message)  Now on to what is really good...the Inca salad, I could eat buckets of it.
The sofrito rice is another of my favorites, perfectly cooked and perfectly spiced.
Elote Callejero - roasted corn with cheese and paprika...in a word YUM!!!
I can't wait to return and try more.

The BF and I just got back from lunch/happy hour at Otro.
Let me start by saying I like Gallo Blanco, and I was fully prepared to like Otro.
The space is nice and open and it wasn't nearly as busy as GB usually is.
I ordered an individual guac, a carne asada taco and a fish taco and the BF ordered the turkey sandwich.
The guac was good, just like the guac at GB and the salsas were also the same, so that was good.
When the food came out, mine looked good, although the presentation isn't as cool as at GB (flat on a plate, not on a taco rack) and the tacos looked smaller.
The BF was surprised to find mayo on his sandwich, since it wasn't listed on the menu.
He told the waitress he had an egg allergy and she took the sandwich back and they remade the sandwich.
Anyway, as far as the tacos go, the fish wasn't nearly as good as the one at GB and wasn't my fave fish taco overall...not sure what fish they use exactly, but it was a little fishier than other white fish I have had in tacos...it could have been an off day, who knows.
The carne was good and had decent flavor.
Both tacos required salsa, but their salsas are so good, that was fine.
So then the BF's sandwich came back and looked better, so he ate it and enjoyed it very much.
Now, this is not accusatory in any way, BUT I think there is a possibility that they just scraped the mayo off of the bread instead of remaking the sandwich because the BF got extremely sick to his stomach as we were leaving....I cannot say with certainty that this was what caused him to feel sick and I also cannot say with certainty that they didn't make the sandwich fresh with new bread because I wasn't watching and he may have been sick from something totally unrelated, but it was a little suspicious, and if that was the case, this restaurant should be more cognizant of the effects of food allergies on their customers since they can be very serious.
Anyway, I would say that the food was overall good, but I can't say I will be rushing back here any time soon, especially when their sister restaurant is so close by.

Ohhh wow.
Delicious.
My husband and I love Gallo Blanco, so we had to try Otro Cafe.
The location is interesting; the restaurant is open and spacey, which I think I prefer to Gallo, and the seating is more comfortable.
I really like that the kitchen is open and you can watch the chefs cook your food.
I also think the staff is a little friendlier than at Gallo.
You're served the same two sauces as at Gallo, but you get chips.
I also had a one person serving of guacamole, which was so good.
Definitely some of the best guacamole I've had.
I love that you can order a smaller portion, as my husband doesn't care for guacamole and if it's just the two of us eating Mexican, we don't get guacamole as an appetizer because it ends up being too big a portion.
This ended up being perfect.
I had a veggie taco (kale, cauliflower, and squash) and a shrimp taco.
My husband had the naco torta.
The veggie taco was fantastic - I loved the mix of vegetables and the sauce they used.
The shrimp was also excellent, with a really great slaw on top.
The naco torta was huge and delicious - perfectly cooked over medium eggs and tender beef.
It was rich and delicious.
We didn't intend on getting dessert but we decided to try the coconut pudding.
I thought the consistency was a little thin, but it was creamy, smooth, and not too sweet.
It was topped with some shaved chocolate which simply added to the richness.
A great ending to a great meal.
Loved it!
Can't wait to go back and try the other menu items.

Eat here, it's devine.
The tacos are amazing.
Our server was a little weird, but she warmed up by the time the food came.
Eat the guac.
We will be coming back!

Back again!!!
Delicious as usual.
Don't feel like cooking?
Make Otro do it for you.

Food is Excellent!
Service was initially bad but somebody must have said something because they've stepped up their game.
Go for the Gauc and veggies they are spectacular.

I love Gallo Blanco so I knew I was bound to enjoy Otro Cafe.
I started with some yummy guac and despite the fact that it was a million degrees out I was so utterly compelled to try the chicken soup and I'm so glad I did.
The small order was huge with rice noodles and chunks of white meat in a delicous broth.
The BEST thing about the soup is that they serve basil, cilantro, peppers and spicy soy sauce to season to your taste.....part of me wished it was cold and I was sick so that I have it cure me......I know I'm a sick bastard.
I finished up with carne asada and shrimp tacos (shrimp aren't my favorite, truth be told!
) and a side of black beans.
I really enjoyed my meal and my sever was so sweet and friendly.
The ONLY thing they didn't have which I was so looking forward to was the chicarron de queso, the awesome cheese crisp they serve at Gallo Blanco.
I REALLY hope they add this to the menu.
So glad these guys are here because Gallo Blanco can get crowded.

This place is owned by the Clarendon Hotel folks.
I love that north central Phoenix is becoming a place to come eat, drink and dance, because I break out in hives when I go to Scottsdale.
We went to lunch here.
The acoustics are far better than at The Clarendon, so you can hear your companion speak.
The waiters also seem far happier to be there than those at GB.
We had chips and guacamole which was good and fresh.
Split a quinoa salad which was really good and colorful, had great dressing and freshness.
We each had a couple of tacos.
I had carne asada and al pastor; my companion the fish.
Everything was good.
The only thing that I thought notable was they told me the menu was really different from Gallo Blanco....but I found it to be very similar.
But good job!
Great location!

Check it out the food is great and the atmosphere is low key chique

Carne Asada street taco along with the Pork taco are awesome.
Best chips I have had a taco shop up to this point with great fresh salsa.
Fish taco is fresh piece of non-fried fish and is very good.

Another great restaurant in the central corridor of Phoenix.
The menu items are so interesting and tempting.
Friends and family had highly recommended and I see why.
We all had the street tacos and guacamole during happy hour on a Sat afternoon.
Everyone was completely satisfied and anxious to try more items.
This place is going to be a go to for us.

The food is great, but it's very noisy.
So are most places, to my despair.
If you're young and/or fond of loud and lively, I think you'll enjoy this.
Menu is small, but the salads we chose were very good.

We've been to Otro many times.
Stick with the tacos or the chorizo and egg dishes.
They are consistently delicious.
The margaritas are good.
The guacamole is good and sometimes excellent and the chips are crisp.
We have had one bad experience there but the situation was immediately addressed by a manager and the bill was graciously adjusted.
Service is usually excellent and the atmosphere is cool.
Sit at the bar and watch the bartender make drinks - it will give you an appreciation for how hard thy work and what goes into some of their drinks.
Didn't care much for the paella but on the whole we like just about everything else.
(Sit away from the west facing windows in the late afternoon as it is hot!).
This is a perfect place for a casual dinner.
The background noise is low so you can enjoy conversation and the food.

These are the same people that own Gallo Blanco in the Clarendon Hotel.
The food is the same superb, zesty, creative fare I've come to love but now in a more hip, urban chic, upscale environment.
Perfect for a date, business meeting, or hang out with friends.
Dont forget happy hour every day, including weekends, from 2-6 pm.
Carne Asada tacos for $1.50 cannot be beat!
A great modern twist on Mexican food, well-prepared, fresh, great taste, reasonable prices.
Great salads too.
On 7th St next to Healthy Habit just north of Bethany Home Rd.
I think they are opening another Gallo Blanco at the Ling & Louie's place at the Biltmore too.

Came in during happy hour so a lot of things are $1 off... We ordered the guacamole, shrimp coctel, and carne asada torta.
Everything was really good and it was definitely more than enough food for two people.
I can't wait to come back!

Went here for brunch this past weekend.
I really like this space and their menu looked amazing.
I opted for their Chilaquiles.
I am a HUGE fan of Chilaquiles and these did not disappoint.
You can have Chicken or Veggies with this dish.
I went with the Veggies.
I got my eggs scrambled and they were light and fluffy and brought this dish together.
I also got a coffee and I really liked that they serve their coffee with a french press.
I did think the coffee could have been better, but this did not effect my review at all.
It was just one piece of criticism I would offer up.
I will definitely be back to try more dishes.
I give this place two thumbs up.

Brought a large group for lunch.
Had high expectations based on Blanco.
Food was good, service was a let down and overall experience was disappointing.
Start with good - Food was original, tasty and plentyful.
Now the not so good - No soda.
I am not a big soda drinker, but most of my party was.
Only tea and water was available and refills were slow and without ice.
Food took over an hour to be served.
Chips and salsa helped, but the crowd was hangry.
Product, service and decor were lacking which are usually signs of a new business.
These guys have be open for a while and have experience with other restaurants.
Disappointing.
Won't return.
Sorry.

Food was good.
The service was disappointing.
Your better off going to Gallo where people actually care.

Food-wise this restaurant is easily 5 stars.I have been here 3 times now and have had different menu items each time and everything has been fresh, delicious, and creative.I have nothing but glowing things to say about the cuisine!
Their drink menu is pretty awesome too.
The space and concept are fabulous as well....
I want so badly to be able to call this my favorite restaurant and come back frequently but I have to say the service each time has been extremely "awkward" and it took asking the server 3 times on our last visit just to get water and 2 times to make sure our guacamole order was in.
Previous visits were just as frustrating-including the time we ate at the bar.
In fact, we had guacamole technical difficulties on a prior visit as well..
I get that it is a loud restaurant but servers should be able to work around that and make sure they clarify orders.
I have honestly never seen such a confused staff.
It is frustrating because I feel like this restaurant is on the cusp of being something fantastic but they haven't quite pulled it together.
I mean any other place I would not have returned after the sloppy service but the location, premise and food are that good!
Ok Otro...I am going to give you one more try.
OK...maybe 2 more tries...The burning question remains...is the end result (the food) worth the hassle/frustration of getting to the amazing food?
That remains to be seen...

Stopped by here last Sunday with the boyfriend for a late brunch.
I had the huevos rancheros and he had chilaquiles.
Both were amazing!
My huevos was served on fresh made tortillas formed into a thin quesadilla.
The sauce was fresh very well seasoned without being over powering.
The salsa they serve with the chips is fresh made in house daily, and you can taste it.
The V8 for my bloody mary was also freshly made, with a great flavor (not too tomato heavy, not too spicy, just perfect with lots of fresh herbs).
I am pretty sure they put crack in the food here.
So yummy!
Now stop reading this a go EAT already!

Like Beth above, I found Otro's food up to the high standards of sister restaurant Gallo Blanco, but the service was a disappointment.
Our server took our order and then vanished.
Drinks stood empty as did our molcajete of chips.
Iced tea was replenished, finally, but without ice.
However, like Beth, I will be back for the great food.
Try the frijoles negro (black beans liberally dusted with cotija) and the paella mexicana, delicious with bits of chorizo, chicken, and surprisingly zucchini.
Some of the rice grains along the inside of the cast iron serving plate were wonderfully crisp.
Your creative and delicious cuisine should carry you far, Otro, but only so far if the service continues to lag behind.

Good spot for a late night weekend dinner.
We came at around 8pm.
Cool vibe, lovely decor.
I love that they have the same eloté corn on the cob appetizer as Gallo Blanco, it is the thing that I crave most from their menu.
Hubby was very pleased with his torta, which I believe was stuffed with barbacoa meat, and I had the ensalada de la casa, without the meat, because I am a vegetarian.
No problems there.
The only problem we had was the service - it was a bit lackluster.
For a restaurant featured in Phoenix magazine I would have expected a bit more, but it won't stop me from coming back.

Sad to say, this was a disappointment.
We eat out quite a bit and try all the new restaurants.
The picture in Phoenix Magazine made the restaurant look bright and cheerful....but thought it was quite the opposite.
Interesting menu...the chips were great, but, unfortunately, the food was just "ok".
There are many other places in town that serve very good Mexican food.
In Amy's review, she said she "breaks out in hives when she has to eat in Scottsdale....well I felt the same with the clientele in this restaurant.

Excellent quality and value in a quaint setting.
Recommend the fish tacos and otro salad.
Will definitely return soon!

Otro easily had the best food overall of any restaurant I've been to since I've been in Phoenix (granted only 2.5 months, but we've eaten out a lot!).
We started with an order of guac to share in addition to the salsa verde and spicy salsa that I think comes with each meal.
I could drink the salsa verde, and the spicy salsa was also very good.
The guacamole was like what I'd make at home (so amazing:).
Chips weren't out of this world but they were decent.
I ordered the Naco Torta which was delicious!
My friend hates eggs and didn't want to try it even with the eggs removed, but I convinced him and he downed an entire half (which is gargantuan) in a few minutes.
He had the pancakes - sooooo good.
Another friend had the chicken soup which she thought was a bit too salty but liked.
I also liked the dark wood for the booths and the atmosphere.
I've been to Gallo too (same owner) and liked it, but thought the service was better at Otro and the lack of a wait was a nice bonus.

I have been to Otro twice.
Upon arrival I am very clear with the server that I am vegan.
I ask for recommendations and I also read the menu very carefully before ordering.
On both visits I have been served dishes with cheese on top despite stating that I am vegan and making necessary modifications when ordering.
This is very frustrating and requires sending food back even though I am very precise with my order to avoid having to do so.
People with dietary needs should be accommodated with no problem

Like a lot of other reviewers I'd have to say the food is 5 star but the service is horrendous.
We were blatantly ignored once and got up and left after 15 minutes of staring at the menu.
We gave it another shot and actually made it to the ordering part; and the food really is phenomenal once you actually get someone to take your order and bring it to you.
The horrible service explains why it is never busy when we've gone.
Which is unfortunate because we love the food.
If they ever bring this place all together into a 5 star worthy eatery they will have a money making gem there!
Until then know it's hit or miss on the service.
More miss than hit.
And honestly for me that was their last chance to gain me as a regular.
Sorry Otro.

Hmmm...same menu safe, chef.....but it seemed like the ingredients weren't the same as Gallo Blanco.
I still love the salsas but i think i will keep going to GB and deal with the overwhelming crowd.
Loved the art mural!

Their guacamole is the best I've ever had.
Their tacos are really good too.
A little bit on the pricy side but definitely worth it.
They have a 2pm-6pm happy hour where their tacos are 1$ off, good deal!

Extremely HOT in this place.
Swamp cooler inside restaurant.
Needs improvement before they reach Gallo Blanco status.
Service was lacking.
Chips brought out 10 min before our guacamole appetizer.
Food took an abnormally long time.
The rice dish (can't remember its name.
it came in an iron skillet) was burnt and stuck to the pan.
Salads were great!

HH  daily from 2-6 several menu items are $1 off including the very tasty carne asada tacos and the guac

We went here for brunch today.
My husband and I shared:  * Chilaquiles Rojos Chicken or Vegetables layered tortillas , Oaxaca cheese, red ranchero salsa  Inca Salad - Single 5 / Share 9 Quinoa grain, fresh corn, dried cranberries, pepitas, Yulu seeds, tomato, arugula, mint, basil, red onion and lime with a herb vinaigrette  Plus got the guac.
Fresh and delish!
I don't normally post on Yelp, but this place is new and we want it to stay open!
It was one of the New restaurants listed in the Phoenix NewTimes magazine.

Not sure about this place.
The menu was lackluster, the cocktails were minimal.
Had to pay for chips and salsa and didn't even get real salsa.
Got a green and a red sauce in ketchup bottles.
My boyfriend and I ordered the carne asada tacos which he absolutely loved while I was busy trying to get rid of all the grizzle from the meat.
I don't recommend.

Otro was a pleasant surprise.
Their food is high-end and a pleasant mix of 8/10 authentic Mexican and 2/10 modern.
The outdoor eating area was also a  treat.

Great service and food.
The only reason I did not give it five stars was I ordered the chicken soup to go, and the description on the menu says it has snow peas in the soup, but when I got it home no peas :(   But that is just one minor error.
Truthfully this place has REALLY good tacos, chips, guacamole, entrees, etc.
that you can't help but love this place.
We are already planning on going there again soon.
And for anyone reading reviews of mexican food places on 7th street - all I can say is stay away from Gadzooks on 7th street and venture down the road a little to this gem of a restaurant.
It's worth the drive.

Wasted an hour of my time  on a beautiful Sunday at Otro.
The service was the worst I have had in a very,very long time , repeatedly asked for chips before they arrived and waited 40 minutes for our lunch.
Unfortunately  the food was not edible and  we had no silverware .In retrospect they may have been trying to discourage us from eating the awfull meal.I ordered heuvos rancheros and my mouth tastes like charcoal  2 hours later.
How do you butcher eggs and beans?The real issue is lack off emphasis on timely service.I can tolerate imperfect food (awfull) if I think the staff cares.

I must say great addition to the neighborhood!
Great food and atmosphere.
My wife and I have made this one of our regular food stops.
We love the guacamole and the salsas!
We have tried several of the items on the menu and have been very pleased with all !
Breakfast is also great!

Best fish tacos, tasty fries, awesome guacamole, Modelo beer and hands down best Inca salad with quinoa.
Okay, I love this place.
Breakfast served all day - can't go wrong there either.. Really cute spot, tucked away.
Did I mention, killer happy hour?!
Check it out, you won't be disappointed.

Just had my first visit to Otro on Friday, and it was fantastic!
Great little place, nice outdoor area, and the food was fantastic.
I could have eaten the chips and salsa all day!
So good.
Nice to have a Mexican Coke as well!

would have gave it 4 stars but my other over easy egg was over cooked, loved the guacamole dip, I had the Torta my lady had the fish, chicken an shrimp tacos.. Service was great, Food 4 stars, a little pricey but worth a try.. Ps liquor store next door sells cheap beer :-)  lol

I went there because I crave the veggie tacos.
I ended up with the guac, which is delicious and the chicken soup.
It came with lots of fresh herbs and it was the perfect thing that satisfied me.
It is a Vietnamese influenced soup and very tasty.
So, tacos another day.

Great new Mexican restaurant in Phoenix!
I had high expectations since I also enjoyed Gallo Blanco.
Nice space, friendly service and delicious and reasonable food!
I tried the al pastor and the shrimp tacos with a side of rice...super tasty.
My husband and friend tried the paella and were very pleased...it looked and smelled delicious.
My husband started with the chicken soup and it was amazing too - big chunks of chicken and noodles.
Definitely check out this great place!

This place was so great my boyfriend wanted me to write a positive review for him lol.
It's not traditional mexican food but everything is fresh and they try to get as much local product as possible.
The restaurant itself is nice very simple with a slight industrial feel with lots of windows for natural light.
Everything is spaced out well so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the person at the next table.
They really took the time to lay everything out.
It is in a weird location but that doesn't seem to deter the many people that kept coming in maybe it was the wood you smell from their grill which automatically makes your mouth water when you walk in the door.
So with that here's what we decided to eat:  ensalada de la casa (house salad)- we got the big size to share and it is plenty for 2. they perfectly dress it (which for the both of us is a big deal because we both work in kitchens) and the flavors are light and meld well together for the combination of things they have in it (serrano ham, little spanish green olives, goat cheese, tomato and red onion) .
My only criticism is the croutons, to me, were not that but the bread they use has a nice chewy crust so I can forgive that.
According to my boyfriend you can't win friends with salad but this one he can make an exception  we both had tacos al pastor (pork) and carne asada  the al pastor was so tender and they grill fresh pineapple for it which in my book wins every time  the carne asada was juicy and full of flavor with a generous dollop of of smashed avocado  we also got sides which I recommend just make sure you ask what the first 3 are because they change according to what they get from that particular vendor.
So I got maya's farms veggies which consisted of yellow squash and zucchini that they grilled and tossed with sliced garlic lemon and shishito peppers.
Amazing  My boyfriend got the arroz frito which was their take on fried rice.
They stir fry it with a ton of fresh veggies and I think they may use bacon fat but don't hold me to that  There was no disappointment here just wish we were there for happy hour but we were an hour too early.
Maybe next time since they seem to have a ton of items that they give discounts on.
We will definitely return again again.

Love this spot!
Their food is really good and inexpensive, service was great!
Was very impressed their brunch is one of the best for the price.

It's hard to find a Mexican food spot that isn't a complete hole in the wall or super expensive.
Gallo Blanco and Otro are that happy medium.
Good food, good ambiance, good service, good price.
It was nice to finally go to a restaurant where we didn't have to shout over one another.
It was nice and quiet and we could enjoy our time together.
The chicken paella was awesome!
I would highly recommend it.
We have had the tacos at GB so didn't go that route and tried a burrito.
We shoulda stuck with the tacos, they are awesome.
So next time we will.
But get the paella!

This was an unplanned Smunch venue as we gathered where we expected to find food trucks that were not there.
It was on several folks lists to try so off we went.
Walking in with a group of twelve we were able to secure 1/2 the patio.
Most of us had been to Gallo Blanco several times so we had some idea what to expect.
Otro is quieter.
General consensus was the food was just as good if not a bit better.
I think they have a bit more freedom with spices not being a hotel restaurant.
I had the trio of enchiladas with rice and beans which were all excellent with the only exception of I didn't care for their interpretation of mole.
I had to take my rice and beans with me for lunch the next day.
Because we were starving by this point I had already eaten the enchilada with the verde sauce by the time I remembered to take a picture so I didn't post it because it looks funny.
Not everybody has found Otro yet so there was no trouble getting seated at midday on a Saturday.
Service was good the entire meal.

Delicious hidden gem in Phoenix!
I highly recommend any of the tacos.
Carne asada were amazing and so is the breakfast.
Guacamole is fresh but sort of bland.
The shrimp cocktail is served in a glass and all mixed up with a tomato base, it's okay if your on a diet but I wouldn't go there again for it.

Stopped in instead of fighting 5pm traffic.
Nice place and happy hour specials makes it very happy indeed.
I think Gallo Blanco is bit better which puzzles me since it is the same people.

Date night doesn't happen enough for my husband and I, but when it does, we like to try restaurants that we haven't been to before.
So last night, after a quick shopping stop at the Crafeteria event hosted by Frances, we headed over to Otro Cafe for dinner.
We were not disappointed!
I used the Yelp app directions to find the location (duh!
), and were psyched to find plenty of parking + no wait to sit down when we arrived without a reservation around 8pm on a Friday.
All of the employees that we encountered were extremely friendly and personable from the hostess and our server to Heather, another staff member that we recognized from another local cafe.
Our server, Randy was attentive and offered recs on the menu when we asked.
We ended up sharing an order of the Guacamole Classico as an app.
I ordered it with both chips and raw veggies.
I love that the veggies are an option.
(Veggies are chilled just right and include carrots, celery, cucumbers, jicama and radish).
The guac is chunky and includes avocado, cilantro, serrano chiles, lime juice, salt, white onions, tomatillos, orange and cotija cheese.
We each had a beer from their selection of both Mexican and local options, and then shared two entrees: the Pescado del Dia and the Mole Negro.
The fish came with veggies and the mole chicken came with fried rice and tortillas.
The ambiance is casual and features art on the wall from local artists.
The prices are moderate, especially considering portion sizes.
There is something for everyone on the menu too... and it's worth noting that Otro opens on Saturdays and Sundays at 8am for breakfast.
They get their coffee from Lux as well!
We'll definitely be back to Otro, and hopefully pronto!

This place was AMAZING!
Our server Betsy was very helpful with the menu, was always smiling and energetic.
I had the shrimp taco, carne a sad a and Al pastor taco.
They were very good and super tasty.
This place has a great urban, lofty atmosphere.
Overall I had a great time and awesome food with great service!

Liked it when I first walked in.
Disclaimer: my wife gave it 3 1/2 and liked the food but didn't like the service.
We went for lunch and it wasn't packed but still had to wait.
We shared the Otro salad, split the carne asada burrito and split an al pastor taco.
I thought they had cheap ingredients in the salad and they skimped on the kale...in place there was a ton of cabbage, which looked it came out of a frys bag...with corn nuts that were sparse and cubed avocado.
They also skimped on the steak in the burrito and had a ton of beans...the steak that was there didn't have much flavor.
Most of the food was bland, which my wife liked...she likes a little less flavor or punch.
She thought the taco was ok...
However, it greased out more than a New York slice and I would way rather have Americas taco shop al pastor.
I didn't get the enchiladas because they were 14 for three and I wanted to try more options...all in all seems like a good decision now.
I liked the tomatillo sauce for chips but the red salsa was all spice and no flavor.
Maybe there are other items on the menu worth trying but with so many better options in the valley and the price tag here, I think I'll stay away.

Stopped in for lunch at Otro today and was very impressed!
We started with the chips and salsa and my friend had the Elote Callejero, which is a corn on the cob dressed in mayo and cheese.
For my entree, I had the Inca Salad with added grilled chicken.
It was delicious and there were so many flavors happening in the salad.
It was very refreshing!
There was actually too much chicken for my taste probably and I would have enjoyed more of the quinoa in the salad.
My friend had the carne asada torta, which she really liked as well.
We both ended up taking half of our huge lunch portions home.
Both of agreed we would be back!

This place is so delicious!
It's such a chill environment dress up or don't it's totally up to you.
And the food.... Well it's delicious south-Mexico style food.
You must try The Español for an appetizer but you can never go wrong with the guacamole either.
And the paella is just delicious but be prepared for left-overs!
Oh and don't forget the drinks, Bloody Michelada or a Margarita, both are great!

Love this place...been for brunch and dinner several times since it opened, highly recommend the pancakes and bacon, the street tacos, the chicken mole and paella.
The otro salad is excellent, as are the mojitos..

Had the Inca salad to start and then had 2 tacos (shrimp and pork).
Everything was very fresh and tasty.
I don't remember having quinoa before, but am now a fan.
They were out of fish for a taco, so I dinged them a star.
Their green salsa has just the right amount of fire for me.
I didn't try the red.
Will be back and recommend to anyone who likes fresh, non-fried Mexican grub.

Somewhere I can go to close my eyes and point to something on the menu and it will be good.
Always have the best service and a great relaxed atmosphere with awesome people to talk to at the bar.
A must if you are visiting phoenix or live and looking for something new!

Came here for dinner and had the tacos and rice.
They were so good and had a great happy hour.
Service was great as well.

Been here twice now and has been a good experience both times.
First I tried the carne asada torta with bacon added and a side of fries, yesterday tried the carne asada burrito with a side of guacamole and chips.
Their carne is delicious, perfectly seasoned and good quality.
The guacamole was great.
Their chips are really thick and crunchy with salt but are also great.
I would skip the fries and go for the chips, though.
Also got coffee both times and it comes in a little single serve French press you press yourself so you can let it brew as long as you want, which is awesome.
I wish there were refills!
Decent prices with good service and a nice atmosphere.
Recommended.

Decor was nice.
Good for happy hour appetizers.
Food was just mediocre.
Would only go back for happy hour not dinner.

This sister restaurant of Gallo Blanco didn't have to work hard to earn a warm spot as now one of my "go-to" places for breakfast, It wasn't too busy on Saturday morning, which was very surprising to the hubs and I. I guess we were early birds getting there a little after 8 because the place started to have people trickle in within the hour we were there.
To no one's surprise, I ordered the Chiliquiles Rojas.
To this day, I still crave the Chiliquiles Verdes from Gallo Blanco, so I was just dying to find out how different or similar the taste would be.
To tell you the truth, I couldn't really tell much difference, because I really loved the Chiliquiles Rojas.
It definitely had some spice to it, but not the type that you can't handle.
It's just packed with the right about of flavor and punch.
The Huevos Rancheros had a similar sauce but different enough that if you wanted to try both, they'd almost complement each other in a way.
This one had no meat though.
I personally like having protein, so I ordered my Chiliquiles with chicken.
We also ordered a side of Quesadilla Synchronizada, which is actually just a cheese quesadilla with Oaxacan cheese.
Funny enough, even though I took Spanish for so many years, I am embarrassed to say that I asked what the Verderas Crudas was.
My particular menu did not say the translation directly beneath.
The waitress just looked at me questioningly and politely answered, "Those are fresh vegetables.
" Ah, but of course!
Of course, I wouldn't know what veggies in Spanish was.
I am a meatatarian.
Veggies only get in my way!
None of that green stuff for me!
Perhaps it was just the scrumptious Bloody Mary taking hold of me and made me forget, but regardless, we enjoyed our brief time eating here.
(Yes, I mean brief as in, we were hungry and ate quickly and the service was efficient and great!

I have visited this restaurant twice and have yet to be disappointed.
The food is presented nicely, it tastes amazing and the setting and decor are fabulous.
I recommend  the fish tacos; a bit spicy but very flavorful.

Carne Asada Torta was delish!
I was nervous because I had read some bad reviews on the service.
Our waitress was a peach and everyone that I came into contact with had a warm smile for me.
Great food, great service.
Def coming back.

Came here while working, very busy but still had FAST service, friendly waitress, good good food.
In and out in 25 minutes; impressive for a sit down meal!

I've been to Otro a few times now and I have always received excellent service.
I've sat at the bar, in the dining room and most recently on the patio.
Every time the server has been friendly and attentive.
Way to go Otro!
In the same vein of Gallo Blano the tortas and tacos are excellent I don't have a favorite, I love them all.
On my last visit I had the carne asada burrito and it was HUGE, I washed it down with a $4 Negro Modello and left full and happy.
Ole!~

I've been here a few times since opening.
The guacamole is good but I have to say I've had the Chicken Soup and that's what brings me back.
Simple but AMAZING!!
Sit at the bar, have a happy hour drink but be sure to try the BEST soup ever!

This is an easy 5 stars!
On my first visit ordered the carne asada torte; so delicious, flavorful with an amazingly good bun and very filling -  couldn't even finish (rare for me); a great sandwich to share with someone.
On second visit,  I ordered the carne asada, vegetable and el pastor soft tacos.
All were excellent; the vegetable one absolutely divine; when your food arrives, the presentation alone makes you smile and fills you with confidence.
This is a seriously good restaurant.
The guacamole alone is worth the trip to Otro!
Can't wait to go back!

I looked up the spanish word "cojeta" this morning because I read that Otro puts "cojeta" on their pancakes and I have been craving the flap jacks for weeks on end.
Cojeta seems to be carmelized goat milk and in pictures, looks like one of the most delicious liquids on earth.
So, I rushed over there to see for myself.
If you were to compare a pancake to fabric, these would be 100 % double ply cashmere and what a buy for $7.50.!
I was worried when it said on the menu, 2 flap jacks, because while being a small female, I have an enormous appetite (so I'm told :)) But they filled the entire large plate and that glorious "cojeta" was crisscrossed all over the top and seemed to soak right into the pancake.
There was a large dollop of creme fraiche on top with some cooked peanuts sprinkled about.
Hands down, these were the BEST PANCAKES I have ever had!
Melt in your mouth perfection!

This place is soooo good.
Some of the food falls into the prestigious category of cuisine that makes it's eaters stop talking.
Not because their marriage has become stale, but because the food is too fantastic to stop shoveling it in.
I also love that they feature art from local artists and that some of it is for sale.
I didn't absolutely love the paella...
It needed more flavor but I absolutely loved everything else.

Great food!
sister restaurant to Gallo Blanco in the Claredon Hotel.
Same guac and awesome naco torta

Took my kids and gf to eat and drink for lunch.
Food was good, service was good, beer was cold.
The atmosphere is okay.
We sat outside and were the only ones, everyone else was inside.
No music or decor to grab our attention.
HH tacos were the bomb!!

Otro cafe is easily the best Mexican restaurant I've EVER eaten at.
The consistency from order to order, dish to dish, through the entire wait staff is effortlessly top notch!

Great food, great margaritas and a solid beer list.
I like the tacos al pastor and the cerviche.
Nice to sit outside on the patio and enjoy central phoenix.
The owners are really cool and personable.
AWESOME ADDITION TO OUR CENTRAL PHX REVITALIZATION!

Got the carne asada & shrimp tacos.
Carne was juicy and flavorful.
Shrimp tacos were topped w/ kale, interesting twist!
The corn tortilla was very thin which was a bit strange but still tasted good.
Go at happy hour & the tacos are a dollar off!

My first time at Otro I was not wowed.
It was very solid but nothing special.
I wishing I was just at Gallo.
The second time we went for lunch and everyone at the table was raving.

Went here a few years ago when it was more tapas style for dinner and thought it was ok.
But now that ive relocated to phx went back to try the brunch.
Let me start with - i really enjoy Gallo Blanco.
Id say that spot is one of those restaurants you can always go to and be satisfied.
So i like the pedigree that Otro comes from.
Two words describes my experience: amateur hour.
Went with a party of 8.
Called ahead and when we got there the restaurant was maybe half full.
Server didnt seem with it.
For example.
A majority of us ordered coffee.
We would finish.
Then one of us would ask for a refill.
He would then refill the one cup, then disappear.
Why didnt he ask if anyone else needed more?
Another example.
One of our party oreered hot tea.
Brought a dirty mug.
Told him - honest mistake - came back with a copper mug for a moscow mule.
Welp.
Hot drink.
Copper cup.
Not possible to hold.
That information didnt really register with him when we tried to explain.
He was more focused on the fact that it was clean.
Anyways.
We ordered chilaquiles and tortas and pancakes and huevos rancheros.
Literally took 45 minutes.
Pancake came out undercooked and room temp.
Not to mention a sad spot where a pad of butter USED to be.
Huevos rancheros also room temp.
Side of beans were hard crusted on top.
Basically tells me it was sitting in the window for awhile.
The chilaquiles were fine.
Torta was ok.
Overall a dissappointing experience.
Server was more work for us.
Food was a bummer.
Oh well.
I dont recommend this place.

What a fun place!
Atmosphere comfortable yet trendy!
Waitstaff helpful and friendly!
The food was fresh and different and very delicious.
Al Pastor taco was divine!
Mexican with an ancient twist!

The food was delicious!!!
I sampled three tacos; carna asada, al pastor, and tilapia.
All the meat was cooked perfectly, tender & juicy!
The homemade tortillas were so good...unusually soft and melt in your mouth.
Definitely recommended!

Any place that offers vegetarian tacos that utilizes chef choice vegetables laid over hand made tortillas wins!!
The tacos were remarkable in flavor and the prices were excellent!

First exposure was great.
Second exposure made me sick.
Probably won't be back for a third.
Still scores higher than Otro's sister, Gallo Blanco, simply because there aren't any hipster waiters talking trash about customers behind the bar like what you get at Gallo.
Haha.
Service here is truly decent and the staff isn't sitting around acting like they're gracing you with their presence.
Great service.
Food made me sick for awhile.
I won't be back, but the staff alone earns three stars by itself!

I love that more and more empty storefronts in strip malls are being re-purposed.
And especially when a new eatery goes in, right?
Otro is the brainchild of Doug Robson of Gallo Blanco fame (another awesome restaurant in Central Phoenix) and showcases his amazing talent for preparing Mexican cuisine; but don't expect Otro to be a clone of Gallo Blanco.
The space has a lot of exposed brick, and lots of windows/skylights.
The kitchen is open to the dining area and there is an atmosphere of urban energy, yet comfortable and unpretentious.
A friend and I met up at Otro for lunch, and we both ordered the Asado Chicken Salad.
This is not your average greens with sliced chicken breast....boring.
This salad was packed with flavor.
The spices on the grilled chicken was so flavorful, but not overpowering.
The greens included spinach, shredded cabbage and romaine.
There were chunks of apples which added a great texture and complimented the chicken.
The dressing was a peanut vinaigrette which added another layer of flavor.
This is definitely a place worth returning to, either for a weekend breakfast, happy hour or dinner!

Tried this place because it is a sister restrauant of el gallo blanco.
It's like el gallo blanco without the wait.
Tried a couple of things on their menu and liked them all.
Shrimp cocktail was good, all the tacos were great, and the alcohol drinks like sangria were good also.

I think this place has great potential, but there were a few things off during my first visit here.
A) Don't ask if I want a water refill...fill my water...all the time, we live in the desert  B) Veggie paella sounds amazing, but was ridiculously salty...see A.
C)Servers need to help each other out and operate full hands in, full hands out.
Don't come out with the check, then come back a few minutes later with box, then a few minutes later with the check.
I think you can multitask.
Apart from these minor complaints (constructive criticism)...
The inca salad was AMAZING, loved every bite.
Chips were fair, but the red and green sauces were really good, although not very spicy.
I will definitely be coming back for the elote and probably enchildas.
All in all, this is a great space in the neighborhood with a unique menu and excellent potential.

Their spicy Bloody Mary is simply amazing.
My fiancé got the prickly pear margarita and that was good too!
Their house made guacamole and chips was really tastey.
Service was O.K.
Fair prices.

Found this place on yelp and really enjoyed our dinner.
I had the small inca salad with shrimp and could not finish it.
I wasn't a huge fan of the Cadillac margarita, but my husband thought they were great.

Great food for a neighborhood restaurant.
Staff is friendly and decor interesting with changing artwork.
Happy hour is a great way to sample a lot of their best dishes.

I saw it listed as one of the neat new restaurants to try in one of those Phoenix magazines and figured it might be tasty.
And besides, as a southern california native, I'm no stranger to good Mexican food.
Let's just say I was blown away.
The chips and salsa at a buck is a damn good deal, but you may opt against it if you have a small appetite and are worried about filling up.
Before you correct me, I'm well aware that this is not traditional nor authentic mexican food.
Infact, it's pretty obvious from the moment you walk in that it was never the chef's intention to be traditional or authentic.
It is truly the work of a visionary that produces such culinary magic.
On our first visit, my girlfriend opted for the Inca salad and a carne asada taco while I went with the chicken paella.
The salad is delectable-- the many greens and herbs dance on your tongue and the satisfying crunch of the quinoa keeps you wanting more and more.
The carne asada tacos are phenomenal-- better than any I have ever tasted from the most authentic taco stands you can think of.
Salty but limey....i dont know how but it was just amazing.
The chicken paella is excellent.
The many vegetables, the tenderness of the rice and the perfect amount of seasoning make it a very savory and satisfying dish without being greasy.
Just.
Damn.
Good.
That's not to mention the cool vibe here.
Servers are friendly, (if not a bit frazzled at times) and the artwork is neat and modern.
Just come here, it's worth the trip from anywhere in the valley.

LOVE IT !!
Inca salad and Asada Taco thats all I got to say !!!!
Best Asada in town because they use rib eye meat so dam good !!
And the Inca salad is one of the most amazing salads I have ever had!!!
Service is also very good !

I was suprised this was in a nonedescript strip mall but had such panache!
The food was delicious.
I thought the guac was outstanding.
The carne asada taco with a flour tortilla (yay) was very tasty and the Inca Salad was divinity.
The salad had such a combination of textures;  quinioa, nuts, avo- with a citrussy vinegrette that was so so good.
We will definitely return.
The Happy Hour pricing was a treat on the weekend!

This place is sweet and spicy, but had no idea it existed!
Very close to the Biltmore area, this will be a new go to Mexican restaurant.
Started with the chips, salsa and guacamole and everything was great - salsa comes in the squeeze bottles.
Ordered the fish tacos and the otro salad with Carne asada and both were delicious!
The staff are extremely friendly and helpful when I was making my dinner entree decision.
I will definitely be back shortly to discover the other dishes that people are raving about.
Oh yeah, the margaritas are perfect - fresh and tasty!

I'm going to make this short.
Unfiltered, fishy lukewarm water.
Didn't get chips and salsa.
Dirty napkins under table.
Ditzy, inattentive waitress.
Nasty cobwebs hanging overhead.
Charged higher prices than were on the menu.
Not a single attempt at a coffee refill.
Lame, amateur art all over the walls.
*Bright Spot* The food was good.
Even though it was overshadowed by the horrible service and disgusting water and environment.
Overall, not impressed.
I love Gallo Blanco, but it seems as though they're both amazing at having horrible service and good food.
I will not be returning to Otro Cafe.
It's simply too expensive to have such crappy service.

Food was excellent.
They're guac was great, I had the three enchiladas which were also great.
Prices and services were fantastic.
Will definitely be back.

Great food, great price, and incredible coconut dessert with chocolate shavings!

I went on a Saturday during Happy Hour and it was not busy at all.
It is a quaint atmosphere and is very simple.
The Happy Hour is awesome- $1.00 off specific food and drink items.
We enjoyed the tacos and the corn, which were all very good and started with chips and salsa which was also yummy The sangria was a bit strong and way too much fruit.
I had never heard of the place until I found out about Guillo Blanco and its location is kind of hidden in a strip mall.
I would go back there again.

The food we had was very tasty and reasonably priced.
We had in house specially cocktails that were delicious!
I did try the molè and I've had much better but everyone has different opinions on molè,  my wife liked it.
We enjoy the food at the Clarendon downtown and I was glad to hear that this is owned by the same people!
Definitely worth trying

Came here with my family for Mother's Day and it was perfect!
The portions were excellent, food was great, and the server was very friendly.
A unique take on Mexican food that blew me away!
Very intimate setting and great atmosphere.
Highly recommend the shrimp tacos and the green salsa mmmmmmmmmmm!

Mediocre at best.
Came here for a late Mother's Day lunch with my husband and son.
The place was fairly packed so we took it as a good sign.
I ordered the trio enchiladas and my husband ordered a carne asada Torta.
We were craving tacos as well so we decided to share 3 al pastor tacos.
Service was incredibly slow.
Yes it was Mother's Day but we had arrived at around 1:30, a time when most of the crowd was dying out and the place wasn't even really packed to begin with.
We waited for about 30 minutes for our food to come out and were very disappointed.
The black beans had no flavor whatsoever and the rice was also pretty bland.
None of the dishes had enough meat.
My husband said the torta was okay but did not taste like carne asada.
It was mainly bread and hardly any meat.
The same with my chicken enchiladas.
They hardly had any cheese or chicken.
I just kept cutting into tortillas soaked in sauce.
When we tried the al pastor tacos.
We saw they incorporated pineapple chunks into it.
Again, hardly any meat and most of it was pineapple.
They should have been called pineapple tacos.
I didn't mind the pineapples in there, but my husband picked them out.
I feel that sometimes, places like these try too hard to be different by changing something that really works into something totally different and disappointing.
Over all, I would not come here again.
It's overpriced, bland, Americanized food with not so great service.

I took myself to the Otro Cafe for my Birthday today.
This is one of those nice independent places you might not find if you weren't looking for it.
I knew it was there and because my favorite pharmacist recommended it, I decided why not.
The food was interesting, I had the three enchiladas each with a different sauce.
I found I was expected to get all three with the same ingredients.
Because it was my birthday, and the cook was new, they let me get two vegetable and one chicken.
I think i was there on the right night to be able to have gotten that substitution.
I won't plan on it happening again if I go on another night.
When your server tells you about the sauces listen to.
What they describe as spicy will be.
The ingredients are fresh and tasty.
I do think I preferred the vegetable enchiladas but thought a bit more cheese in them would have been a nice touch.
More modern Latin food is served here.
Some I haven't tried so I plan on going back to try some of the other items on the menu.
What I saw coming out to other diners looked intriguing.
I say the prices are moderate but that doesn't include alcohol.
If you have drinks, I don't know.
Nice interior that is clean and simple.
I like that with some interesting art on the walls.
They have a nice patio out front.
Parking is not a problem at all and it is easy to find.

This is not your run of the mill Mexican restaurant.
It is along the lines of Cocina del Sol in The Quarter--meaning chic and upscale.
All their dishes are done with flair and I would say that the quality of the food is a cut above basic Mexican food.
We had the guacamole and it was excellent.
I was disappointed that the chips were too thick and not that tasty and they didn't have the kind of salsa that I typically want with chips.
There salsa was creamier and came out of two plastic tubes.
The margarita was good but not outstanding.
If you want a healthier, higher quality version of Mexican food then this is your place.
However, there are times when I simply crave plain ol' Mexican food and this wouldn't hit the spot.
You decide!

I met up with a friend after work over here at Otro Cafe.
We sat outside since it was so beautiful, since the hot summer days are no fun to sit outside!
We shared their quinoa salad and it was so light and refreshing!
We each had a 2 tacos and I had a carne asada and one shrimp taco!
They were both oh so very delicious!
We had some chips and guac and I loved how their green and red salsas came those plastic squeeze tubes!
:) I would recommend people to check this place out!

Outstanding and interesting Mexican style food.
The tacos are delicious with many different flavors and spices.
My group was full and happy after our meal and we liked it so much we returned the following week.
If you like interesting, non-traditional Mexican food, give it a try.

Gallo Blanco set a high bar and Otro grabs onto the bar here and there but cant really pull itself up to it.
Terrific in spots, lagging in others, overall just okay.
Kudos for carving out the pleasant open interior, but the service, atmosphere and even the food here dont consistently match the flagship.
That somewhat reluctant observation hardly rises to the level of condemnation, more like mild disappointment, and is based on a handful of visits to both locations.
Servers downtown are/were hip and more importantly, sharp, anticipating needs, recommending condiments, invested in their guests' satisfaction.
At Otro, it feels tenser and more transactional, like you're a tab instead of a guest.
There's just less professional and personal confidence here and you're less likely to get your iced tea refilled or thanked on your way out.
I realize they're going for casual, but casual should be a personality or flair, not a tangible reduction in customer service.
Not in this market and age, especially not with Gallo's pedigree,   I also prefer Gallo's menu, although there's considerable overlap.
Companions claim food here is comparable, so maybe it's what you order and who you are.
Otro's homemeade paella had too much salt or onions, for me, and tasted more packaged than savory.
I had a torta there where the filling was fine but the bun evoked McDonalds, like they ran out of better buns.
The chiliquiles here is rojo and the lopsided tower tended to fall apart.
I prefer (adore, is more accurate) the expertly assembled verde downtown.
Our party agreed the  biscuit, banana and plaintain dessert was awful.
Not expensive, but the least satisfying dessert we've had out in a long time.
I like the big, thick chips they serve with the guac.
They pour a big glass of wine.
There's quaint, thoughtful seating in the foyer in case there's a wait.
And I love any North Central spot with spacious DIY parking, sans valets.
That almost feels retro now, like hitching your horse up in front of Monti's Casa Vieja a hundred years ago.
You might even score a shady spot out back this summer.
Orange shirt and feedbag optional.

Otro is not Gallo Blanco.
Similar menu, but slightly different execution.
My friends and I argue about which we like.
I for one prefer the guacamole at Gallo to the more savory version here at Otro.
However, I think the cocktails are better here and it is much quieter which is great when I want to hear the company I'm with.
At Gallo, (particularly on flamenco nights) it can get a little too crowded to enjoy.
Here at Otro, the vibe is much more relaxed and they have more extensive entrees including mole offerings which you can't find at Gallo.
Definitely worth the trek if you haven't been yet.

Food ok, service was really bad.
The waitress was sweet but forgot about us multiple times.
We had to continue to remind her about our orders.
I do not like writing bad reviews but it was just a long wait for nothing special...

You know that feeling when you go to a restaurant and you don't want to give it a bad review?
Well, today is one of those days.
The food was sub par.
We had ordered the guacamole which was pretty good.
My fiancé ordered the carne asada tacos which were better than the al pastor tacos I ordered.
Mine were bland and dry.
Our waitress however was on another planet.
She was one of those waitresses who tried to impress you by taking your order but not writing it down.
I have to admit, I do get impressed when waitresses do that, but I'm not impressed when they swing by 15 minutes after taking our order to make sure she remembered it correctly (this was done throughout the night).
I also got annoyed how they would offer to bring chips but never did and we also waited forever for our food that should have only taken 10 to 15 minutes to make.
FYI: the restaurant wasn't even busy, 8 people were there max on a Monday night at 7:15pm.
Being a foodie, I really dislike writing bad reviews but if I hadn't had such crappy service, or didn't have to wait forever for food that I had ordered, I think I would have had a better experience.

When I pulled up to this place, I broke my first rule of dining:  Never eat at a place with more wait staff than tables with customers.
I found the food to be between 3.5 to 4.5 stars, depending on the dish, enough points to earn my revisit.
However, the customer service was below 1 star.
I read similar reviews stating the food is great but the service sucks, which couldn't be more true.
My interaction was with one waitress in particular who forgot our drink order, then forgot our food order, then forgot to bring us chips and water (4 times she mentioned she would get the chips before they actually arrived).
For food, I recommend the carne asada tacos which were delicious.
I would pass on the nachos or anything that requires chips to eat since they are not freshly prepared.
For service, I recommend not coming at all.
Maybe.. Maybe get it to go if it is offered.
But I can't stress enough how bad the service is to warrant a 1 star review    Thank you for reading.

I loved the food here.
The guac & chips/raw veggies was excellent.
The veggie taco (vegan) was to die for.
And I got two vegetable side dishes, which are whatever veggie is fresh from different local farms, and they were both amazing.
The charred cauliflower was incredible and a huge hit, and the cooked radishes were awesome, too.
My peach margarita was great.
Love it!
Great for vegans and vegetarians (and obviously omnivores -- everyone else loved their food, too -- the 3 enchiladas, chicken mole, and bacon torta).

Food is very good......the service is dreadful.
It is slow, surly, rude.
I have been several times....the food brings me back, but think that the slow, rude service will finally keep me from  ever going back.
It never changes!!!!
Doesn't  anyone from management read these reviews??
Wake up......you have a good product......do something about your service.

Been here almost a dozen times; always satisfied and no complaints.
Service is always good,  the food and drinks are  always tasty,  ambiance is kick back,  today(Sunday late  afternoon) they had a two- man band that is awesome to listen to, and it's never over- crowded or too loud like their sister restaurant,  Gallo Blanco.
You can't go wrong with their menu, it's simple to understand and well thought out!
A must try!

Yes, the name kind of gives this place an 'also ran' or second fiddle status to Robson's other gem, Gallo Blanco.
But once you enter you get a different take on Mexican.
The Salads, Elote, Enchilada's, and Paella are all worth the drive up from Clarendon.
My favorite is still the Naco Torta which is kind of ironic given that I'm more of a 'Fresa'.

Went for dinner with my fiancé since it was recommended by a friend.
I was a bit worried about the service because of the reviews on here.
Luckily the service was great we actually had two servers helping us and it worked out pretty well.
I asked for a spicy michelada (like a Bloody Mary but with beer instead of liquor) which wasn't on the menu but our waitress said it wasn't a problem.
I loved it!
My fiancé got the IPA and didn't have any complaints.
He wanted something to snack on so we got the chips and salsa.
The chips were okay but I was impressed with the salsa, being Mexican it's very difficult to find good salsa with enough heat and both the green and red salsas didn't disappoint.
I started with a small Inca salad and it was wonderful.
They were very generous with all of the veggies and the flavors really complemented each other.
For the main course I chose a steak taco and a shrimp one.
The waitress said the shrimp was her absolute favorite because of the sweet sauce and slaw....well when I took a bite of the shrimp taco it was pretty dry and lacked flavor, the slaw she was talking about was a piece of kale, arugula and a radish.
I just pictured a different slaw and mentioned it to her...she was very sweet and offered to bring me an extra side of the sauce and slaw.
It was a very nice gesture and definitely added to our service experience.
The steak taco was great you can tell that they use quality beef and it wasn't overly done which gives the meat nice flavor.
I LOVED the guacamole and couldn't get enough of it.
He ordered the naco torta and he said it was okay, the waitress asked him how he'd like the egg and he said over easy.
The torta that he got was actually over hard...no runny yolk  whatsoever.
It looked like a McDonald's egg in the torta and since he's not a picky eater he ate the torta but wouldn't order it again.
Overall it was a good experience hence the four stars and I definitely want to be back to try the paella!
I'd say stick to the steak tacos or burrito and the inca salad was delicious.

Great food... Service left room for improvement .
Once we finished eating she never came back :( but the food was great!

The food is very good here.
I would come back more often but the service is absolutely terrible.
Slow and very rude here.
I've had extremely condescending waitresses here.
Wish they wouldn't have such bad service because the food is actually pretty good.

I think their flapjacks are my favorite!
I highly recommend.
Chorizo is good too.
Bloody Mary is satisfying although I'd prefer spicier and less dill.
This is my go to place for margaritas.
Friendly service, clean and trendy environment.

Excellent food it is very fresh and light fare.
The street tacos are fantastic, and the guacamole should be illegal.

Great food, nice atmosphere and great service.
I went for the first time with some guests from out of town.
This place was recommended to me and now I will highly recommend it to others.
The paella was awesome and I'm looking forward to checking out something else next time.

