Rabina is great!
She is very knowledgable about her craft.
It really seems like she tries to customize the massage to make it the best therapy and experience as possible.

I've now been to see Rabina on two occasions and my last treatment (facial and reflexology) solidified my initial feeling about her work.
She is awesome!!
I can't say enough about her knowledge of all skin types and conditions.
After the facial and peel Rabina did my skin looked radiant, youthful and beautiful!
I also felt a deep sense of peace and relaxation.
Do yourself a favor, book an appointment  TODAY.
Rabina's prices are reasonable and she is so sweet and accommodating.
You won't be sorry.

Rabina made me feel very comfortable, as I had never had a facial before and was embarrassed by my multitude of skin problems (acne, hyperpigmentation, super oilyness).
The atmosphere is very private and friendly, and I felt relaxed with her.
She took her time to analyse my skins particular needs.
My skin looks and feels softer and more radiant after each treatment.
I will probably avoid the regular dermafile treatment for microdermabrasion and go for a lighter approach just because I can't afford to appear at work all peely, so my regiment includes getting a nice deep pore cleansing, steam treatment, enzyme peel, and mask by Rabina once a month.

I had an amazing facial (and I loved the scalp massage).
Will definitely return!

I went to see Rabina with my boyfriend for a couple's massage/facial that he purchased for me on Groupon.
I had an amazing experience.
Rabina is obviously knows a lot about massage therapy.
I told her that I was experiencing lower back pain and she proceeded to stretch out my hips as opposed to simply treating the discomfort, explaining the relation between tight hips and lower back problems.
To me, it showed shows that she is very knowledgable and seeks to treat the core issues.
Futhermore, it was my boyfriend's first massage experience and she was absolutely great at making him feel relaxed and comfortable.
I'll definitely be stopping in again!

Rabina is an amazing healer and aesthetician.
If you need a pamper day for yourself, book both a massage and facial.
She easily shares her deep knowledge of skincare, health and nutrition.
Who needs a spa when you've got Rabina?

