This review was posted many months ago, but I guess It posted in the wrong area and it was removed.
So, I'm posting in, what I hope to be, the right area.
I'm more than glad to remove it permanently if the information is no longer accurate.
The show was awesome.
Faith has a great voice and Tim is a good entertainer.
The showroom is beautiful.
The acoustics are awesome.
I saw Phantom there a couple of times and I thought during this show that I would probably come back again at some point...STOP!!!!!
That is until the show was over and it was time to leave.
Our seats were upstairs.
First of all, we had to walk up a ton of stairs to get there .After waiting 10 minutes in the elevator line for ONE elevator, with no luck, we decided to endure the knee pain so that we could get to our seats on time.
It took us THIRTY minutes to depart the showroom.
THIRTY MINUTES!!!
I've been to most showrooms and arenas, both on and off the strip, and it has NEVER taken me that long to LEAVE a showroom.
It was the most ridiculous egress process in Las Vegas.
Once we were down the stairs, we saw a clear way out, but an usher blocked us and told us that we weren't allowed to exit that way.
I never experienced this with Phantom (of course I always sat downstairs).
What was the problem?
The Venetian wants to make money.
So they have a Soul2 Soul gift shop immediately at the exit.
They also have a very large "buy your photo" area right at the exit.
VENETIAN!!!!
I've got news for you.
THERE IS NO ROOM FOR EITHER.
Heaven forbid someone gets sick in that crowd.
EMS would never be able to get to them.
That situation has to be against fire code.
A thirty minute exit totally ruined my show experience and I will never go back.
Well, if they change the exit experience, I might...

This review is for the Venetian Theatre that is behind the main escalators that lead to/from the parking garage.
Do not confuse this theatre with any of the other half-dozen or so on the Venetian/The Palazzo®/Sands Convention property.
Making it even more disorientating, they have little handbills for all different theatres/shows at each respective box office, and sell tickets at all boxes as well to all the wide array of shows (including ones not taking place at that specific venue).
So, for example, Panda is a new show opening in December 2013, but one could be easily confused if it is here, or at the Sands Showroom, or Rock of Ages (formerly, Blue Man Group) Theatre, or at The Palazzo® Theatre close to Zebra Lounge.
In fact, I still do not really know where it is going to be.
(Maybe no one does.
)  This Venetian Theatre is where Phantom: The Las Vegas Spectacular used to be performed.
(R.I.P.
Phantom.
)  In any case, that was one hell of an introduction, but I want to ensure you are reading and leaving reviews -- and, checking-in -- to the correct listing, so give me a break.
In any case ...
This venue kicks ass.
Comfortable seats, superb lines-of-sights, and the classiest and most swankiest theatre design on the whole fucking strip (makes the soulless Colosseum look like the biggest assholes designed it).
Extraordinary acoustics, obviously.
Seldom are the fatcats at the Venetian scheduling performances for this venue -- outside of the residencies (currently, Soul to Soul is anchoring) -- so, if afforded the opportunity to attend a one-off show, do not squander it.
Lest the Phantom find you wherever you seek refuge and show you the real meaning of music of night.
- E

This is a nice theater.
It's older than some of the other show places around the Strip, but it's still nice.
Most every seat is a decent seat.
It has good sound quality.
And the decor is interesting.
I'm still not sure what those gargoyles / monsters were doing.
But it certainly occupied my time until the show started.

