I can only speak for this park when it hosted Bark in the Park, so take that into consideration.
It seems that this park is still 'under construction' as I had to park out in a dirt lot where there were some palms and other trees set to be planted.
Not a big deal mind you, because walking to the park is part of walking in the park (hah, puns...
I digress).
There is lots of paved parking at the park, though, for a regular park day.
On my walk to Bark in the Park, I passed basketball courts, super clean bathrooms, and a large body of water.
I'm not sure if this constitutes a lake, but I believe it's where the water collects from the nearby Pittman Wash (though don't quote me on that as I do not work for Henderson Parks & Recreation).
There's ducks!
Or some other sort of waterfowl.
Also, there's a paved trail around the lake, where I saw people walking, bicycling, and walking their dogs.
So I finally get to the actual Bark in the Park and it's a dog festival with all sorts of vendors and exhibitors for dog-related stuff.
Biggest thing here is the HUGE open space of green grass for running and walking and lying down to watch the clouds pass by (which is something I plan to do on another day).
All in all, this park deserves some further investigation.

Still not officially open, but it's certainly use-able.
My vizslas and I love being able to walk around a body of water (without having to drive to Lake Mead - where you still can't walk around the water...)  and watch the waterfowl - particularly the babies!
There are sand volleyball courts, baseball courts, lots of covered picnic areas - and a wonderful path - with lots of options to keep things interesting.
We love it!
For us, it's 12 paws and 2 thumbs up!

Officially open as of 30 minutes ago!!!
After a much anticipated opening, they removed the barricades this morning.
This park is a gem.
The Pond, which is actually ground water unearthed years ago by the open pit gravel mine at this location, is a great habitat by water fowl and other birds and wildlife in the area.
The Canadian Geese are the watchdogs of the place.
So far with the completion of phase one of the park there is a 1.3 mile trail around the water, two large basketball courts, two sand volleyball courts, two corporate BBQ/picnic areas, five individual BBQ/picnic areas overlooking the water, large bathrooms, Rental facilities for large groups, and a large grassy area (dog owners please use the baggies!).
I expect this park to be home to many future memories of friends and families enjoying nature and their time together.
There are plans for this park to be a destination for City festivals and celebrations.
Let's keep this place clean and enjoyable for all!

Friendly ducks!
And they like to eat.

Loving this park and by the looks of it, there's still some additions in the works in the future.
I brought my dog here today as I didn't feel like driving to Sunset Park and was pressed for time this morning.
We walked around the lake, enjoyed that there was both a paved path for walkers and bikers, and a gravel path for walkers, joggers, dog walkers (sometimes that pavement gets too hot for tender bare paws).
We watched some ducks, went down to the water, walked all around, and it's a nice walk.
Beautiful day helped too.
I agree with another poster, that as a woman, I feel this park is safer to walk than Sunset if it's starting to get somewhat dark out.
It's quite open, plenty of parking, and shelters to hang out in.
The only gripe I have, doggie bag dispensers were mostly all empty.
:(   Next time I'll have to bring some backup bags just in case.
Can't wait to see more features.

Cornerstone has become our park of the month.
It'll definitely be added to our park rotation!
Located on the corner of Stephanie & Wigwam, this 100-acre park has a 31-acre man-made lake (not for swimming).
There's cute packs of ducks here which the kids love.
There are lighted paved asphalt and dirt trails perfect for walkers, runners, bicyclists, and dog-walkers, even a set of exercise stairs for those trying to get in a good cardio workout.
Well-kept, clean, and very welcoming now that the weather is awesome!
More good points:  - Clean restrooms - Ample parking - Pet-friendly - doggy waste bags provided throughout whole park - Covered picnic areas - Picnic tables - Large pavilion areas (great to reserve for birthday parties!
) - Lighted basketball/volleyball courts  The only big bad point I can foresee about this park is the lack of shade, especially during the summer months.
Unless you have a covered table area or under the pavilion, there aren't trees around to make shade if you decided to take a loop around.
It does look like they'll be adding more to the park, so I hope shady areas will be one of them!
My 5 year-old is loving this park, so our family will be enjoying our time here this coming spring and autumn.
It's definitely a great spacious park to check out if you're in the area!

Where do I begin...?
The parking lot here is nice.
Smooth pavement, with lots of spots to choose from.
That smooth pavement (from what I saw) does not go down to the water.
It is dirt , and rocks that you will be kicking up when you walk/run/roll down.
This place has a shit load of....shit.
Between dogs, and the birds, and whatever else.
I wouldn't mind if my tax dollars went to work to have this cleaned up.
It really breaks my heart when a park is built, and people can't pick up their own pet's excrement, or their flipping soda cans.
The geese here are quite aggressive.
They have absolutely no problem walking up to you (whether you have food or not....in this case, my daughter and I didn't).
One got a little too close for comfort, and I had my shoe off (like I was some crazy person on the Maury show) ready to swing.
Another one made a "hissing" sound at us.
For whatever reason, I decided to put on bug repellant, and I am so THANKFUL that I did!
I was the only one safe in my party.
The bugs will attack you here!
There had to be hundreds just following us!
and when I got back to the car, they were resting on it!
Acting like they put money towards the loan on it!
--so, when you come here.
Do not wear good shoes, unless you don't mind getting green bird shit on them.
If you do wear good shoes, keep your eyes on the ground....to avoid the green shit.
Wear bug repellant.
I got mine at Target.
Burts' Bees.
Clearance.
$3.99.
^So don't say I've never helped you.

So I'm updating this a bit.
Since the first time we went, there was some heavy flooding that seems to have washed out the lower bridge connecting the rock/dirt trail on the North end of the park.
You now have to use the bridge.
Also, this past time we went, I noticed, as another writer posted, the bugs.
The entire time I was walking, I had a swarm of bugs above my head that literally followed us all along the trail.
I kept swatting at them, trying to stop (they hovered in position above my head), and it made me feel like pig pen :*(.
I couldn't get rid of them.
Even tried sprinting away, still there.
I was miserable trying to hold onto my dog, and swatting at the same time.
Probably looked like a crazy person to passer-bys.

This park is awesome!!!
There are several playgrounds with cool equipment (even a purple dinosaur), basketball courts, several nicely appointed ball fields,  horseshoe pit, dirt bike trails, a dog park, disc golf, a neat bridge to cross, bathrooms & picnic tables.
And of course hiking trails.
Not very crowded either which I like.
The playgrounds have shade, also a plus.
Well kept grounds too.
I give it 5 stars, which I do for most (but not all) Henderson parks.

This is a great park with the duck pond and walking trail.
Great for kids my daughter loves to feed the ducks.
There's no play ground but a nice big grassy area.

It was my first time at this park today and I love it!
There are many dirt trails that you can walk, all lined along the water and also many lit paved sidewalks and trails as well!
There's something about being by the water and ducks that make walks so much nicer!
Love it!
I also really like that all the sidewalks and trails are wide enough for multiple people and enough space to walk dogs.
There are basketball courts, volleyball nets, an open grassy field for soccer and a large shaded area with tables.
There are also a few separate covered tables along the field as well.
The restrooms are clean and upkept and there are many parking spaces.
The only thing that would make it better is if they had attached doggy water fountains at the base of a few water fountains like at sunset park.
This will probably be my regular park from now on :)

Huge park great for runs and walking the dogs.
I really really wished it had a playground I guess it is in the making.
Got there around 4pm hardly  busy and very very clean!
Bathrooms have soap and doors.
The Pavilions are huge and the little ones sit right above the water, very pretty and very clean.
The birds there are very smart and have lots of personality.
There aren't tons of them and there isn't shit everywhere it's actually very clean.
The first half of the pond was filled with birds that seem like they were 20 something year olds righteous and environmentalists.
The kids were excited to fees birds so they started tossing bread crumbs at them.
None of the birds ate them.
Kids kept tossing bread at them and birds  started making noises and eventually two of them got out of the water walked right up to the kids and pretty much told em to quit throwing shit at them clearly they weren't hungry.
We moved on down the trail were we found birds that were middle aged and had young ones.
These ones were quite friendly, welcoming and were happy for the food.
There were several families of geese and ducks swimming around so very cute!
These birds are not afraid of humans and if you take too long to throw them some crumbs they'll get out of the water walk up to you and stare at you until you give them something.
We spent lots of time with this group.
We eventually moved along the trail and came across a quiet and empty part of the pond where the kids decided they wanted to practice their rock skipping.
This area must have been the retirement side because after a few pebbles were thrown in, a big booming  squawk came out of no where and it pretty much told us to move along.
The last part of the trail had, the portion of the pond that had several polls sticking out of the water.
This is where the spiritual birds are.
One perched on each pole doing some sort of bird tai chi.
Very quiet and very serene part of this huge pond.
One of the other reviews mentioned that there is no shade.
It is true but it was very cool and along the trail you will find many many many young trees planted along the way.
A couple of more years  and this park will be a 5 star kinda park.
There are paved and dirt trails that are very wide.
Big beautiful grassy area.
I saw people sitting and lying on it but when I was about to step on it I saw some dog poop that someone carelessly abandoned.
We came back at 8pm the same day with my dog this time and there were little bugs flying all over went in my mouth in my nose and I think some in my eye.
All in all a beautiful place to go for a stroll or a run.

Pleasantly surprised to discover this park!
Came for a UYE for Ife's birthday- we had a potluck picnic at one of the covered tables.
The fact that the tables are covered is noteworthy, and there are plenty of trash and recycling receptacles.
Grills were also nearby and clean, and there were bathroom and water fountain facilities here as well.
Water level seems to be down right now (then again, it's the middle of summer)- but there were still ducks present.
PSA: Don't feed ducks bread, it's not good for them; instead, bring halved grapes, cracked corn/barley/oats/grain, or actual bird seed/duck feed pellets.
The more you know!
For a Sunday afternoon, this place was completely deserted- a few teenagers on scooters came by but it's not the hoppin' place I'd expect given that it's surrounded by subdivisions.
Good choice for grilling out with a group, they have everything you need along with nearby convenience and grocery stores to stock up on supplies or grab things you forgot.

Stopped in yesterday for a UYE for Ife A's birthday potluck yesterday.
This park is nice!
There was a HUGE shaded area with picnic tables and a couple grills that we used.
Thank goodness for the shade!
Everything seemed super clean, although I didn't check the bathrooms.
I was very surprised at how empty it was, although it was 111 degrees yesterday...
The park also has several trails, my fella said that he used to come down with his dog a couple years ago and they would walk the trails.
All in all, this seems to be a great place to come hang out when it isn't roasting outside.
I'd like to stop out in the spring!

