This new Ross Dress for Less store seems to have a lot less merchandise that every other Ross store I've ever been in.
The one on Market Street in San Francisco is several stories high and packed to the gills with stuff, but it is crowded, messy and dirty.
But, not this new one in Tempe, AZ.
This new Tempe Ross Dress for Less store space is in a new, large, and clean store where it is easy to park and easy to shop.
The merchandise is sparse on the shelves and racks, but both times I've been there I've found gifts and personal items to buy at a good discount.
Worth checking it out, if you are in this neighborhood.

This location may be the world's smallest Ross, but despite their small inventory I'm always able to find something really good when I go.
Don't go to this Ross expecting a mountain of things to sift through because you will be disappointed.
This store is always clean and the aisles are always clear.
I must say the shoe section here is a joke, it's so small they might as well not even carry shoes!
They always have a nice selection of women's dresses and Home Décor.
I really like how the check-out is set-up, there's only one organized line and the cashier calls you up when it's your turn.

Horrible service!
Do not come here ever.
One time I came to the store 15 mins before their closing time and they didn't let me in.
Another day I came 40 mins before they closed and they were rushing me to the cashier the whole time.
Super rude!
Also, one day I asked for the price of an item and she said "I don't know" and walked away.

Pretty good selection of clothes here.
They have a better women's collection of clothes I believe.
I prefer TJ Maxx for guys clothes.
The lady at the register was very rude to a lady in front of me and it bothered me.
I understand you work at Ross and hate your life, but chill out at least you have a job.

Bought a pair of shoes, some shirts and ties.
They were the only place open at the time so I was thankful for that.
I wore the shoes once and they just didn't feel right when I actually wore them outside the store.
I didn't wear them since.
One of the shirts were in the bag so since the shirt was my size I bought it along with others.
The one shirt was way to big so I called them and explained that there were two items I would like to return.
I also explained that I have a picture of my receipt because that's how I keep them organized with my phone app, I have the tag still on with the price and my card that I charged them on.
I asked if I could return them and get my money back.
She said yes it wouldn't be a problem.
She put me on hold and went to ask her manager she said.
I said are you sure because I don't want to drive all the way down there because of traffic and that it's hot.
She chuckled and said its fine.
I walk in and went to register and again explained the situation and they said, "well you said you wore the shoes for a day so we cannot take those back under any circumstances.
" I said that's fine I'll trade them in for a bigger size.
She said that she can't.
I said well here's the shirt then, an she says, " you don't have a receipt so you only get store credit.
" Anyway, I told her, look I just called and you said this would be fine.
She said sorry I don't know what to tell you.
I responded saying, yes you do, you just told me over the phone.
She smacked her mouth with her lips a couple times and just saying, ya, no...
This isn't the first time at this location, but it's the first time I've ever written about it.
I will not be coming back here again.

