Ladies, I love the shop.
I am going to bring my co workers over.
Your service is continuously improving.
Your staff is courteous.
I really appreciate the quick professional service.
The complimentary candy, water, sanitary wipes and services are awesome.
I'm a lifer!

WOW was i scared when i first came here.. Never getting a wax before ive been wanting to try it.
because lets face it, who wants to have to shave every day.
ANNOYING!
first walking into BOX i was amazed.
this place is stunningly beautiful.
the front desk girl was SO nice too.
I chose to come 20 minutes early to use the numbing cream which was an extra 10 dollars, it was well worth it.
The rooms were super cute too.
My waxer was Brooke.
can i just say she was amazing?
I got a Brazilian wax.
This could have been very embarrassing/ uncomfortable but Brooke made it a very comfortable situation.
Come to find out she used to do facials.
And having problematic skin she gave me so many pointers.
Even suggested a skin care line called agera that she sells at the store.
I have been using it for 2 weeks now and my skin has drastically improved.
Ill be getting waxed every 4 months by Brooke from now on!
PS It does hurt, but not as bad as you think.
so dont be scared :)

I can't praise this place enough!
I had never been "waxed" before, which is not surprising for a middle-aged male.
But I had read an article about Box that was very positive.
So, when my wife and I visited Las Vegas recently, we each made appointments.
While my wife had a bikini wax (which she was very happy with), I went for the "sac and crack", a/k/a, the male equivalent of a Brazilian wax.
Although I was a little bit nervous, I am now a convert.
Bree, who did my waxing, was very professional and extremely competent.
She was very good both at putting me at ease and keeping up a running conversation, which really helps to keep one's mind off the fact that a total stranger is ripping all the hair out of your "privates".
Speaking of which, I did not go for the "numbing cream" and wouldn't do so the next time either.
Although it was occasionally uncomfortable, it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it might be.
Bree warned me that I might be a little tender for a day or so (which I was), but I am totally pleased with the results.
I just feel "cleaner".
As I said, I'm now a convert and will definitely make another appointment at Box whenever I'm in Las Vegas!
Thank you, Bree.
You and your staff richly deserve all the praise you have received from your customers!

Believe it or not, Joshua B. introduced me to BOX.
Haha on his behalf, let me just clarify he has not been here himself, just found it on Yelp and thought he would recommend :X   It was definitely a good recommendation!
I had a little trouble finding it at first.
It's actually located upstairs of the market place in Tivoli Village.
It was so fun exploring this area since I've never been here before.
There's a bunch or art spaces, a small wine and cheese restaurant, a candy shop, and nestled in the corner you'll find BOX.
If you're looking at the pictures provided on Yelp and looking out for this old antique vintage shop, you might have to look harder.
Most of the images provided are of the waiting area deep inside of the shop rather than in the store front.
Still having trouble finding it?
Just locate B Sweet Candy Boutique and it should be just a few steps away.
The receptionist warmly welcomes you with chips and some water after you've checked in and wait for your appointment.
Something important to keep in mind is if you cancel 24hrs before the appointment they will still charge you for the service because they'll have your cc on file when you initially made the appointment.
If you ever been waxed, their services are very similar to The European Wax Center, and relatively same prices.
What sets them apart however, is they offer male services.
I KID YOU NOT!
I've never seen a place that offered to ze... um how do I put this gently... uh.. whatever, i'm just going to come out and say it - ZE BALLS & SAC waxed.
Cray cray!!
I wonder if there's any men gutsy enough to reenact a 40 Year Old Virgin waxing scene, but down below??
Any takers?
I'll treat you out just for having.. [waxed] balls!
Lol!
Anyway I really enjoyed my services, my esthetician was very gentle with me and kept a good conversation from making it less awkward than the situation already presents itself as.
And the decor just makes the experience even better.
It's hard not to admire all their little unique vintage treasures!

Thinking Inside The Box!
Although this review is strictly regarding their retail side of things, I can confidently say that if I ever had the need for some Manscaping this would be the place.
I recently found myself with a large skin abrasion that needed something a tad stronger than your average ouchy creme and was informed of a highly recommended product called Brave Soldier Antiseptic Healing Ointment.
Well, this stuff is super hard to track down.
After contacting Brave Soldier via internet I learned Box carried it.
Since I live in Henderson I called first to make sure they had it in stock.
They unfortunately were out until their shipment came in later in the afternoon.
They took my number and would call me when they received the shipment.
Shortly afterward I got a call back stating that if I was in crucial need of the goods that they had individual 3gram Xela Packs for purchase (among other Brave Soldier product) to hold me over until the shipment came in.
I told them I was "on my way", relief couldn't come quick enough.
Upon arrival I found the store easy enough among the other boutique style shops.
The decor was really inviting with all of the cool and unique vintage wares.
I suggest taking a gander at some of the stuff that isn't for sale also.
This place is better than Pinterest for ideas!
I was greeted immediately once I walked in even though a previous customer was in the process of checking-out, now-a-days you can't take a simple, kind welcome for granted.
Refreshing to say the least after a little bit of a trek across town.
Needless to say I picked up 5 3gram packs of the product and pre-paid for a tube of the ointment once it came in.
Their customer service is so on point that they offered to mail me the tube once they received it.
Awesome and gas saving!
The customer service here thinks outside the box (maybe it's inside the Box)!
I suggest picking up some Brave Soldier while visiting even if the present need doesn't exist.
You'll eventually need it!

I'm not sure why all of my reviews for Box are missing?!
(Not to mention all the other reviews too!
WTF?
)  They recently moved from their West Sahara location to their new location at Tivoli Village in the LV Market.
I park in the underground parking, take the elevator up to the LV Market and it opens right up right to their store!
:)  I am still a major fan & regular of Box!
Courtney at the front is fabulous and Ashley is nothing short of amazing!
I wouldn't trust my body with any other waxing company in town.
They take really great care of you and you will leave completely happy with your experience.
I can't say enough good things about Box- see you again in 4 weeks.

I can not say enough about BOX.
I have been coming here for years, since before the moved to Tivoli, and I love love love everything about BOX.
The staff is amazing, I always feel super comfortable and at home.
Every one is so nice and they do quality work and do so with consistency.
I will never go any where else for my waxing needs.

Box is the BEST at hair removal!
The new location and shop are fantastic!
I highly recommend Box, i've been a customer for almost 7 years and wont go anywhere else!
You always leave there feeling really good.
Try them and you'll be hooked !

In the past I have had nightmarish experiences with waxing.
I wanted to give it one last try, so I did a ridiculous amount of research on waxing and read Yelp reviews on local wax shops.
Box had nothing but great reviews and they use products that all my research said would be best for my skin & hair type.
I was NOT disappointed!
All of the staff were kind and attentive.
I was seriously nervous and waxing lady talked me though it and made me feel comfortable and put me at ease.
The facility is clean and easy to find.
Parking is great and the store front is so cool looking.
They use quality products and have a wide selection of after care product at reasonable prices in their store front.
I would recommend this shop to anyone!

Simply the best, I have been a client of BOX  for over 10 years!!
The location is comfortable and relaxing and  the services are well priced, and  all the  staff are amazing!

This waxing salon has actually been around for years, but recently moved to Tivoli Village.
The new salon is beautiful, clean and contains the same great staff as before.
I've been going to see Ashley for a year now and nobody does better work.
Friendly staff, nice salon in a great new location....I give Box an A+!

I wouldn't think of going anywhere else.
Ashley is the best!

Bree is amazing, she is fast and efficient and I have never had a bad experience in the 8+ years I've been going to her.
I got my first wax at BOX and I've tried a couple of other places but I always come back to Box because they're the best.
You get what you pay for!

Excellent services.
I have been to several salons in town and THE BOX far surpasses any others I have visited.
Their technique, quality of products used, professionalism is on the top of my "highly recommended" list.
Donna O.

I am reposting my original review of BOX (before they moved)...and yes, this place is better than the rest!!
The other places around town are kind of a joke.
lol.
Read below....
Since summer is coming up, thought I'd give my two cents on my fave waxing place.
This is the place I recommend to all my girlfriends and they love this place too!
Also, I LOVE the girls who work here so wanted to give a "shout out" to these lovely ladies.
Best brazilian EVER.
The atmosphere is very funky chic with a side of zen  and right away you are offered something to drink (just in case you don't remember to pop 2 advil 30 mins prior).
My esthetician, Ashley, is awesome.
They use the good wax (blue is good) AND the good strips too.
Yes, you will have to get in some crazy positions but its all worth it.
I guarantee you will feel VERY sexy when you walk out!
Just try to get an afternoon appointment.
Apparently, first time in the morning is the worst time to pluck or wax.
Believe me, I'm a pro at this whole waxing thing and unless you're ready to sweat and get a little teary eyed, this is the best advice I can give anyone.
Btw, I'm dying to cross paths with a "sack and crack" guy.
lol.
YOU are a brave one, sir, wherever you are....

I have been going to BOX for years with good reason.
The service is great, and the people who work there are all great people.
Bree, the owner and wax specialist, is the best there.
I find her waxing techniques to be painless and fast.
I would recommend requesting her if she is available.
I have been to other waxing locations, and there is definitely no competition.
I personally will never go to any other wax business out there.
All the other places  are imitations of what has taken years for BOX to perfect and continue to do so.
You can call me a fan.

I was referred to Box 3 years ago, when they were still located at their Sahara location, and I haven't once been disappointed.
For most women, their waxer is just as important and personal as their hair stylist and this place takes your "business" seriously!
The staff is amazing, friendly and professional.
Ashley, Courtney, Bri....they all treat you as one of the family and never forget a face.
I love their clever advertising and menu items, and the Beaver mascot is ingenius, but most of all their attention to detail is top notch and as painless as possible.
Being located at Tivoli, now, doesn't hurt either since I'm just down the street off of Canyon Run.
Their location, surrounded by boutiquey shops and great restaurants, couldn't be better suited for them and compliments their personality.
If you're looking for an amazing wax job, and truly personalized treatment, this is your place.
Anyone can claim to perform waxing services, as seems to be the case with waxing "salons" popping up on every corner like Starbucks, but NO ONE can do it like Box.

I am a longggg time client of Bree's at Box!
(12 yrs)  Brazilian waxing is a delicate & intimate service & she has the techniques & care to make it as easy & comfortable as possible.
Her training is definately passed on to all her staff as she becomes super booked & i have had to use others in the salon, always with happy results.
The other ladies are not quit as fast as Bree, she has the record for sure, but they do just as great of a job with attention to detail.
I have been to many other salons & waxing "specialicists" in town over the years & I just always feel more comfortable at Box.
Bree is careful & has never burned me with the wax, made me bleed from over spot waxing, or left patches because "They just won't come out.
" She is a professional & the boutique itself is so adorable.
You can tell it was put together with love & each item on the shelf has been hand picked for you.
It's just an overall nice experience during an uncomfortable neccessity.
She even offers tea & fresh cucumber or lemon water, & snacks LOL What else do you need?

I've had waxing before, but I've never gone beyond the panty line.
Well I was headed on a beach trip and wanted to be "cleaned-up" a bit more.
I was nervous about the process and with several recommendations from friends I made an appointment.
The front reception staff are very nice and professional and most importantly my esthetician, Ashley, was as well.
She made me feel comfortable throughout the entire process.
It didn't hurt and the redness was minimal.
Also their prices are very reasonable.
So, I definitely will call again when it's time for another appointment.

The Box is the best in town!
They have a knowledgable and friendly staff.
Always happy with my results ;)

I finally found my way back to Box.
I had a waxing with Ashley this morning and she was amazing!
She knew all the tricks to not make it hurt as much.
Box is ahead of the game on all levels.
I will never get waxed anywhere else again.

By only going to one other place in the last two years I left Box with the thought of "so this could have been so much easier..."  Way less pain, way better result, totally a new fan!

I've been going to Box for many years.
(See my review from their old address on W. Sahara) When they moved I tried other wax places because they were closer to home but it just wasn't the same.
I returned to Box, even though Brea's smiling face isn't around as often, it's still a fab place for a waxing.
Courtney and Ashley do a great job keeping up the great Box reputation.

I followed Ashley, Courtney and Bri from Sahara and haven't regretted it ever.
The place is fun to walk into, check out the all natural supplies.
I love the beaver, its great Bri has a sense of humor.
Sophisticated, quirky, elegant.
A fantastic place to get your "have to do this" stuff done.
Box is a perfect place to decompress for a bit before heading back into the fray.

Went here as my first place to ever get a wax over a year ago.
Loved it.
They're the best in Las Vegas.
Yet, I recently moved to Los Angeles and couldn't find a place I liked.
I received an email from Box just in time though!
They sent me an email for a free wax in Manhattan Beach CA.
The owner from Las Vegas was running the whole show there.
She was very sweet and again the best.
I will be going back to the new location in Manhattan beach!
It's a drive from LA, but totally worth it.
Any time you're in LA from Las Vegas don't forget Box has a new location in Manhattan Beach :)

Since our first trip to BOX, my wife and I have each had a second appointment which left us just as satisfied as our first one.
In fact, my wife was so happy with both of our results that this time she opted for a full Brazilian instead of the bikini wax she usually gets.
Another great experience by a very professional staff.
Thanks, BOX!

I got the Sac'n'crack service and have to say I was very comfortable and treated very nice by the staff.
I believe it was Bree who was doing my service.
She was totally cool relaxed, great convo, didn't take that long, and it wasn't as painful as I thought.
And very worth it!

Box is awesome (as is it's very clever name).
Bree, the owner, brews together a combination of waxes that makes this very personal procedure as quick and painless as possible.
All the staff are very friendly and professional as is Box's hip, cozy space with delicious treats to greet you.
I would highly recommend Box to anyone male or female.

Best Boutique Waxing Service in town.
New location is a lot further from me, but the incredible services are well worth the drive.
Brazilian waxing is taken very seriously and isn't rushed thru like other waxing spas.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND for bikini season!

This place has to be on everyone's bookmark list.
Summer's around the corner ladies $65 for Brazilian.
And of course we can't forget the men!!
I love how they titled it the men's "sac n' crack ($85)!
It's "cracks" me up every time I say it out loud....haha  I've been coming to Box for more than five years.
My sister was the first one that told me about Box (the first location on Sahara/Decatur).
This place made me feel so comfortable to get this type of service.
They mentally prepare you and most importantly, they tell you when to breath in and out.
This placed is so good that i've never walked into any other "human landscapers" shop.
This new location is so much better!
The view you get from the waiting room is just perfect... it gets you all calm and relaxed before you go into the room.
Every inch in this shop is spotless.
I can walk in there and trust that everything's clean and sanitized.
That's the way it should be!!
I've tried a few different workers (the only reason why I don't have a particular one is because they are all awesome!
)fdb

What an amazing wax shop!!
Cool location, in The Market in Tivoli Village.
One of their wax specialists, Courtney, took great care of my waxing needs.
Each strand of hair treated with the delicacy and precision of a trained surgeon.
Very professional, soothing environment...and they make it a fun experience.
I don't always choose to wax...but when I do...I prefer BOX Human Landscapers.

I still love Box!
:)  I cannot say enough good things about this place!!
Everyone is so nice and personable.
Shout-out to Ashley and Courtney- heyyyyyyy girl heyyyyyyyyyy!
I go every 4 weeks and get the Brazilian, Eyebrows and Nostrils with Ashley.
So much for TMI ;)  Ashley is a top flight professional.
I have never shed a drop of blood, been burned or been left with patches.
She is diligent about getting every strand of hair from everywhere!
Never had your nostrils waxed?
It's awesome.
I can't believe that I waited so long to do it.
Does it hurt?
No way!
Do you breath better?
Yep!
Is it more attractive not having a bunch of hair in your nose?
You betcha.
The second someone says something about waxing, I immediately jump in and promote this wonderful place.
Love everyone at Box and love what they are all about!
Thanks for keeping me smooth and hair free :)

I went here about a month ago to have several areas waxed.
While waxing is not something I'd categorize as "fun", it wasn't a bad experience.
I can't remember the name of the girl who my appt was with, but she was very nice and told me when to breathe to minimize pain.
I plan to keep regular appts with her now.

