It's very hard to find good sushi on the west side of the valley, been to most places like Tokyo lobby, fresh wasabi, Sakana which are all ok to mediocre.
But i saw this place driving on bell and 63rd ave and saw that it had a grand opening sign so I thought I would check it out.
Sushi catcher was genuinely great sushi with amazing staff and service!
Fish was fresh and the rolls were unique and delicious!
Highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for great food and a good time!
Not to mention the wonderful owners I met Su and Kc!

New favorite sushi spot!
Staff was friendly, sushi was amazing and fresh.
I loved the fresh wasabi.
All day, everyday happy hour is the best, can't beat the prices!
Will be back!

After my first visit here I know that this place is an above average sushi place and I'm not sure if it might really be a five star place.
This is the first place in the Glendale area that I've been to that uses REAL WASABI on the nigiri sushi and also seasons under the fish.
A few things on the menu I'm not sure what they are but they also do a Korean Style sushi that is wrapped in lettuce.
When we stopped in we were greeted by the most enthusiastic happy person.
We were taking a little time to decide and she gave us miso soup so I don't know if it comes with thee meal or not.
We ordered a variety to share and ordered the two pick bento box some sushi and a specialty roll.
The Mackerel in the bento box really WOWED me.
It was the most delicious mackerel I ever had.
The fish was sweet and fresh and seasoned so tasty anybody would like it even if you hate fish you will like it.
The salad was dressed with a creamy sesame dressing and the spicy tuna rolls were rolled just right and were fresh.
They don't have the biggest selection of rolls and many have cream cheese or are fried and that is why I didn't give five stars based on one visit.
I tried the Salmon with garlic sauce roll.
It was rolled very carefully and was a very good fish to rice ratio.
The fish seemed very fresh and the sauce really made it taste good.
I do note this roll had cream cheese in it and I might have missed seeing that on the menu.
This isn't a fancy place and is very small and opened in a previous sushi restaurant location using the same old sushi sign but this is a completely new restaurant in an older strip mall.
They also do reasonably priced all day happy hour rolls ($3 - $7)  Next time I might try the Korean Sushi and have some soju here!
4.5 Stars

It's here!
Sushi lovers in the Glendale/Peoria area rejoice!
We've been waiting for that neighborhood sushi joint in our area that has great tasting sushi at happy hour prices ($3 - $7), and Sushi Catcher is that and more.
Visited 2 days in a row - very unlike me, but our experience was THAT good.
First time for dinner, second time for lunch.
Rolls were so fresh and tasty, presentation lovely, and happy hour prices are fantastic.
LOVE the spicy tuna rolls, with generous amount of filling.
Tootsie was very different from what hubby and I are used to, but very tasty.
A table of 4 appeared to be going through the menu, ordering all different kinds of rolls - they all looked great.
Place is small, staff friendly.
This place is definitely our new go-to for sushi!
I think I will take a cue from that table of 4 we saw and start going through the menu on subsequent visits.
At this point, giving 4 stars out of 5, as spider roll was just okay at $10.95.

I went back for a second visit and ordered some different things I never had before and was wowed again.
I never had Hoedeopbap before, it was described to me as Korean Sushi.
It's basically Fresh Vegetables (sort of a salad) , Fresh Sashimi and a sweet and spicy sauce with seasoned rice.
It was very good.
I did try a $3.00 salmon roll it was just OK and what you expect it to be.
I had what they called Screaming O Roll.
I'm not sure why they call it a roll since it isn't but it's Tuna Tataki.
The Tuna is marinated and seasoned and only slightly seared and wow it was really delicious.
From my last visit I highly recommend getting the Nigiri sushi since they put REAL WASABI on it and I also recommend getting a bento box with Mackeral because I never tasted mackerel that was that delicious before.
The Bento box is better than I had from some other places because you can get a good roll instead of that CA roll and that really great mackerel.
We enjoyed a bottle of Soju it's the sweet potato kind that's considered the better kind and pairs perfect with the food.
This place is small and not fancy.
The owner is the only one making the sushi all the time.
For sure this is above average sushi in the Glendale area.
4.5 Stars

This place is really good.
We went there last night because of the all day happy hour.
There were a ton of selections for rolls under the happy hour.
There were also a lot of different kinds of rolls not on the happy hour menu that you could choose.
We got a shrimp tempura roll, california roll, vegetable roll, and a mexican roll.
I did not care too much for the vegetable roll, it  lacked a little flavor.
I guess I would have liked more of tempura style veggies in it.
The rest of the rolls were very good.
The price was excellent.
My husband had a bento box with teriyaki chicken.
He said it was pretty good.
The salad did not have the ginger dressing we liked, and we are used to getting tempura veggies in the boxes but the chicken was good.
The service was very friendly.
One complaint is there were no descriptions for the sushi, so I had to keep asking what was in each roll.
Overall a good experience and we will be back cause of the price.

Our first time there today and everything was good, liked the all day happy hour menu as well as the regular menu including bento box.
The server was friendly and we got our food fast.
Will go back there again!

Sushi Catcher is quite delicious.
They have really unique sushi rolls and their prices are affordable.
Even if their sushi wasn't yummy, I would still have to go back because the sushi chef and waiter are so sweet and are really proud of their new restaurant.
But, that isn't the case.
I'll be going back not only because of the great service, but because they know how to make some good sushi.

I think this used to be the Kaneya Sushi place.
I was looking for a new place to try in the West Valley for sushi.
I was getting tired of the ok variety in Tokyo Lobby, Fresh Wasabi, and Sakana.
Saw this place and even though it was small, the staff was very attentive.
The all day happy hour was great.
The overall price here is definitely better than a lot of places.
The sashimi was very fresh.
The rolls were good enough for the value.
Overall I think this is probably one of the best places in the West Valley, but not as good as a Sushi Ken.

Tried this place for the first time on a friend's recommendation.
Now I am a fan!
A small place with very friendly service (she asked us how we heard about them) that has happy hour rolls ALL DAY (starting at $3).
Prices are very decent and quality (and quantity) are both good!
I liked their variety for bento boxes (there are a lot of combinations to satisfy your cravings)...I had beef teriyaki w/ 6 piece sashimi (fresh!
) that comes with rice + salad for $10.50.
I will be back again for sure!

I came to Glendale to check out the Midwestern campus for school.
I come from the San Francisco Bay Area and one of my favorite comfort foods is good sushi so I knew that if I came here for grad school, I would need to check out the local sushi spot.
After finding this local spot, I knew I needed to support this place and write a good review even though I hardly ever write reviews.
So, after touring the campus, I looked on yelp and found this place.
I drove around.
It's a little hard to find.
There's an electronic sign above that says Sushi.
It was in one of those little shopping centers, but not a big one.
At least there's free parking.
Walking in, it was completely empty.
It was a Tuesday night.
I found simple chairs and tables, but there was also bar with the sushi chef standing behind it.
Immediately, (probably because I was the only one there) the chef and the hostess greet me.
I'm pretty sure they are a married couple.
They directed me to sit at the bar.
I usually always try and sit at the bar because I love watching the chef prep the food, but I told them that I had been out all day and was in desperate need to plug my phone in and charge it.
They laughed and the wife directed me to one of the other tables that had a plug underneath and I finally started charging my phone.
There was a flat screen tv up in the corner displaying the NBA playoffs.
So, I sat down and immediately I start talking with both the chef and his wife.
Well, I'm kinda yelling back and forth with the chef since I'm not sitting at the bar and they start asking me about how I found the place and all normal small talk stuff.
I went on to explain them that I was in the area only for the day and wanted to decide whether or not I wanted to go to school in Phoenix.
They talked to me about their experiences and where they had lived and so forth and how they had adjusted to living in Glendale.
Supposedly, the sushi chef used to be a pretty popular sushi chef in Las Vegas but wanted to open his own place, or something like that.
Well, I finally got around to the menu and noticed the prices.
I guess they have only been open for about 2-3 months so they had happy hour specials all day.
Very reasonably priced for sushi.
I however can be a bit of sushi snob and didn't order the rolls and went straight for the sashimi bowl that had a couple of different types of sashimi plain.
Sashimi is just the raw fish by itself, usually over some daikon root (which is edible and good for you!).
Along with the sashimi bowl, I ordered some tea and some miso soup.
The soup came first and it was delicious.
Not too salty.
The pieces of tofu could have been a little bigger, but there were plenty of them.
The tea came shortly after and it was piping hot.
I know I know.
Who orders hot soup and hot tea when it's 100 degrees out.
Well, they had the AC going strong and for me, sushi is always weird if I don't have tea and miso soup.
The tea was delicious.
It was definitely something not out of some random lipton's tea bag, but it it was loose herbs that were being steeped in a steel bowl on top of the tea kettle that came out.
Then the sashimi bowl came out.
I was a little anxious because I was concerned about the quality of the fish.
Like I said, I live in the SF bay area where there are lots of good quality sushi houses and I guess I've been a bit spoiled.
But, Sushi Catcher totally exceeded my expectations.
Along with the sashimi bowl, I also got a bowl of sushi rice and also some real wasabi (with the chives and stuff).
Salmon: very delicious Yellow tail: delicious Octopus: delicious white fish: delicious shrimp: average tuna: below average Sushi rice: delicious (it's surprisingly difficult to have good sushi rice)  I actually loved the salmon so much, I ordered an additional bowl of salmon sashimi.
I took my time eating my meal since I really didn't have much planned for the evening.
Other diners drifted in and I continued to watch the basketball game, chat with hostess when she wasn't busy with the other customers, and slowly drank my tea.
I enjoyed the tea so much, I asked her to refill the kettle with hot water so I can enjoy the last dredges of the herbs she placed inside.
She gladly did this for me.
Of course, went to the bathroom because of all the tea.
Bathroom is located in the back and it was standard.
Clean though, but nothing hugely impressive.
So, after relaxing for I think a total of two hours, I decided I finally had to pay the bill.
With the amount of sashimi I ate, I was definitely expecting something expensive, but it was pretty cheap, at least by sushi standards.
So I just tacked what I thought I should have paid and gave them a huge tip since they were so helpful and welcoming and answered so many of my questions about living in the area.
I will be back in the fall when my program starts and I definitely foresee myself coming here as often as I can afford to gorge on salmon sashimi.

I can't say the food was the best.
It just was OK.
The sashimi Mackerel was partially frozen which turned me off.

It was empty when we arrived, but I am glad we did not let that decide on whether that meant the food or service was lacking.
Clean restaurant and restroom, Friendly and delicious food is what we received.
Free miso soup, and delicious rolls which were on the happy hour menu (ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!
) My daughter and BF loved it, as did I.
Will definitely return =)

Hit up Sushi Catcher the other day and I was very impressed.
It's in a rather unassuming strip mall and the inside of the restaurant is kind of bland yet sterile but don't let that fool you.
The sushi was great and so were the prices.
I was lucky to be there during happy hour and the most expensive roll I got was the Casey roll which was pretty delicious.
The Las Vegas roll was excellent as well.
I got a Sake Bomb for $5 and was very happy with the service.
I only wish I had brought a bunch more people with me to enjoy.
I will be back for sure!

Our new favorite local sushi, great quality dish and a great chef in a very casual setting, and their own unique wasabi sauce that is just delicious.
The rolls are usually not my thing but I took a chance and was really pleased, superstar roll was off the hook!
Highly recommended, you'd never stop in there if you didn't know what it was, very small strip plaza, but if your reading reviews on Yelp and your nearby, go here!!!

1st time there and the food was spectacular!!
I always lean more to the sashimi side and it paid off with "The Catcher!
" I thoroughly enjoyed the Salmon Eggs, a Jalapeño Bomb & and a Sex on the Beach roll!!
I will definitely be returning the next time I have the craving for sushi!

My husband was looking for a new (to us) sushi place that had a happy hour, since we wanted to enjoy the best of both worlds... Sushi & moderate cost.
It is located on the North side of Bell Rd, right next to a a Nails salon, we almost missed it too.
It is a small place, and when we got there, there were only 3 other patrons there, that didn't not discouraged us from trying it out, and I am glad we did.
They have a list of sushi rolls that are on the Happy hour menu, which means that they were anywhere from $4-$5 dollars each.
We ordered from the happy hour menu, and the regular menu.
My husband got the Sashimi-A, which was an assortment of very fresh, and artistically cut pieces of fish (Salmon, Tuna, etc), the Superman Burrito Roll, was fun, and really yummy; Tootsie roll, Vegas roll, and the Tempura Shrimp Roll.
As we were finishing our meal, the sushi chef served us some really cool and delicious oranges artistically cut in segments, with some sort of dressing, and a Mochi (Japanese ice cream), compliments of the house.
They had one server on that they, that was friendly, an very attentive, he also was able to give me information on the Plum Wine I had with my dinner.
This is not a very fancy place, but it's got delicious food, friendly Staff, and great prices!

My second visit here and I was once again REALLY impressed by the quality of the sushi.
We ordered: The Alaska Roll, Tuna Roll, Casey Roll, and I requested 2 special order rolls (not on the menu) which the chef made without hesitation, all rolls were delicious!
The tuna and salmon were very tasty, fresh, and just melted in your mouth!
It's such a laid back and relaxed environment.
I'll be here for my weekly sushi trips from now on.
The Sushi Master Casey and waiter Alex have awesome customer service and are very attentive to customers' needs.
I can't wait to try more items on the menu!
See you next week!

Definitely a fan of this place.
I can't call it 5 stars just because I know what 5 star (in my opinion tastes like), but I definitely keep coming back for this one roll with spicy scallops and salmon on top.
This is one of the few places in Arizona that I have found where I'm not afraid to eat their scallops, they're quite fresh.
Definitely happy with this place even though my very first impression was sketchy due to location.
Don't judge a book by it's cover I guess =]  Oh and the one woman waitress that served us a couple of times is just fantastic.
She's super friendly and definitely made our experience more memorable and upbeat!

Wow!
This is definitely a hidden gem in a random strip mall along Bell Rd!
Service here is great!
The waiter and the chef are both very friendly.
We ordered bento boxes for lunch, and for ~$12-$13/box, the amount and quality of food they include is incredible!
There are also cheaper bento boxes that have less items.
The ones we chose included 3 selections of food along with the included rice, miso soup, and salad.
They basically give you an entire order of a sushi roll with your bento box!
Food tasted great.
I had the steak teriyaki, and it was delicious!
I would definitely stop here again for lunch!

Went to lunch recently and not overly impessed.
AC was barely working but I did notice a portatal fan-cooling unit moving back and forth.
Service was good and the bento was acceptable so cannot understand how this restaurant can be given a 4.5 when it should be no higher than 4 and probably closer to 3.5.
There are other sushi places that have better selections and less $ cost.

We love this place!!!
Fresh and delicious sushi and excellent non-sushi items as well!
Happy hour all the time, so the prices are very reasonable and service is superb.

The staff is so friendly and welcoming.
The quality of the fish here is superb compared to other sushi places in Glendale.
The sashimi is cut nice and thick and you can taste the sweetness and freshness of the fish.
The prices are very reasonable considering the quality and portion size, they don't try to pile on the rice in your rolls so they can be stingy on fish like other sushi places.
The best part of coming here is that they always give you a little something extra.
We've gotten extra sashimi, free uni, mochi and fruits!
It varies each time but it makes coming there extra fun!
The restaurant itself is not fancy, very simple decor but clean.
I've lived here for 2 years (having grown up in Orange County) and this place has definitely become my go to place for sushi.
Definitely go here if you're a sushi snob, you won't be disappointed.

We love Tokyo Lobby just down the street, but after reading others' reviews, wanted to try this place and am glad we did.
It was very good.
The Happy Hour all day long everyday is my type of place.
We had 4 rolls and all were very good... our kids had the teriyaki chicken and my wife thought the chicken was so tender she'd order some next time too.
Very small and not fancy, but that doesn't matter to us.
We will be back for sure.

Was looking for new Sushi place ... pro / cons  (1) Food was reasonably priced and portions large (2) Sushi was good tasting  (3) Service was lacking.
I gear service on how long my water glass is left unfilled.
It was never filled for the entire evening.
I also asked to do a take out order, the waiter said he was ready, I gave it to him ... 10 minutes later he came back and said ...
I need to write it down, I didn't get it the first time.
(4) It seems a lot of regulars were there when we dined.
They were given a lot more attention by the staff then we were.
Hard to become a regular when a newcomer is ignored.

Love this little place that rivals Yen Sushi down the street for quality but dominates for price and service.
Sushi Catcher is more of a Cafe or dine and the Happy Hour all day makes sushi on a budget totally doable.
As always with Sushi, we ordered way too much of it.
I highly recommend the Vegas Roll and Tootsie roll...SO good.
The Rainbow Roll is OK, but for $7 (compared to $3-$5 I would definitely pass and get something else), unless you really want a sampler.
I'd skip the Casey roll too...kinda funny that the two most expensive ones were all of our least favorites.
Pros: service, price, quality, atmosphere Cons: Nothing

It was a Wednesday night and my girlfriend and I narrowed our restaurant choices down to Arrowhead Grill or Sushi Catcher.
We decided Sushi Catcher since we both LOVE sushi.
I had very high expectations after reading a lot of good reviews on Yelp.
We sat at the sushi bar and we had a wonderful time joking around with both the sushi chef and the hostess which were also the owners.
The sushi rolls were excellent and the service was superb.
My girlfriend and I have now found our favorite sushi restaurant.

A great local Sushi restaurant that deserves a try...
I've never been disappointed, always good food for a good price.
great care is taken with how the fish is handled and prepared.
And they have a lot of ingenuity and experience in the kitchen.

After a week long of craving sushi I FINALLY got my fix on at this place!
=)  I absolutely loveeeee Sushi and love trying new places...We found this place on Yelp  (obviously...  =P) and what caught my attention was that they have happy hour all day everyday!
Oh I'm there!
We ordered so many amazing rolls and everything came out on  this cute little boat.
We got the Philly roll, Rainbow roll, Salmon Roll, this salmon garlic roll and much more...Everything was so delicious and fresh!
For their happy hour menu they have a variety of rolls that range from $3-7.
Also, they have their house wine which is not bad, for $5, Sake Bombs for $5 and small Hot Sake for $3.
Everything was sooooo yummy and you really can't beat happy hour all day everyday.
Not to mention the customer service was great!
Everyone was extremely friendly and funny and we even got some ice cream from them at the end.
=) & of course all of the great food places are on the opposite side of town from me.
I will DEFINITELY be back to get my sushi fix on though!

Looked on Yelp for a sushi place close to my house.
Sushi Catcher had some very good reviews.
Headed over but when I got there I discovered they are close on Monday.
I went back on Thursday.
(Today)  Decor?
Nice neat, looked to be very clean.
The usual as most I have visited.
Sushi Bar where you could watch the Sushi Chef (probably the wrong terminology).
I am not by any way a sushi expert.
Different beers and saki advertisements on the wall.
I have never sit at the bar, so when it was suggested by my waitress I thought, Why not.
What an education.
The Sushi Chef, KC, Artist was never still.
I was there for about half hour to maybe a little longer.
I watched him make roll after roll.
Plus many other dishes.
My waitress was very nice and tried to be helpful.
But with my limited knowledge of sushi and her limited english we had to talk for a while for me to choose.
My choice was a Rainbow roll and 2 pieces of tuna and 2 of salmon.
And I got to watch my meal being sculpted.
Quite a bit of education.
You should do this some day if you have not already.
Go see KC.
History for me.
The friends I have been eating sushi with put a lot of wasabi and soy sauce.
I do like the wasabi, but it does mask the taste of your meal.
As I watched KC i noticed he took a lot of pain to make sure everything was done just right.
I noticed when he made the sushi he would put a little wasabi on the rice before he put on the meat.
This time i thought I would eat my sushi without any additional wasabi or soy sauce.
This was a very good choice on my part.
By doing this I was able to really get the taste of the sushi.
I did try putting a little wasabi and soy sauce of a couple of like pieces.
I preferred the pieces without the additional wasabi.
Other observations is his pieces of sushi were thicker than most places I have been.
OH, and after the meal I asked the waitress what i should have to finish off this fine meal.
She suggested Mochi Ice Cream.
Two balls of ice cream wrapped in a soft dough.
These had been cut in 2 pieces.
Yes this did finish a fine meal right.
I will continue to go to other sushi restaurants but I will make many trips back to this place.
To date this is by far the best I have had.
Do try them.

I am a sashimi fiend, and Sushi Catcher doesn't dissapoint.
I noticed something familiar as the actual venue used to be run by an older man, the man behind the coolers looked really familiar.
Seems he departed Tokyo Lobby (where I used to go) and has opened his own shop.
The man is talented and makes great rolls, but as I said I am more into sashimi.
Perfect saba, and I mean perfect, tender melt in your mouth goodness.
The roll that I had was called Budhas Heartburn and it was delish!
We had an interesting 'salad' of tuna which was also really well done.
Now the best roll I've had in a long time (a hot roll but not fried) was their volcano roll.
It was really almost like eating desert, the langostine portion was so tender and sweet on it's own he really knows how to prepare seafood and fish, because a lot of places use a torch on their volcano rolls, ruining either the scallops or lobster- This was one of the best 'hot' rolls I've ever had by far, rich sweet and aesthetically pleasing.
The staff are awesome too, sweetheart waitresses running around boats of sushi and tea, sake and beer with a smile.
Love this place, great job and can't wait to go back!
One other thing.
They have, and will give you fresh wasabi.
It's really great!

A fairly new sushi restaurant, open only six months.
Owner used to be sushi chef at Tokyo Lobby, Casey has opened an outstanding local sushi establishment.
With happy hour pricing all day, this should be a very popular sushi restaurant in the northwest side of the valley, well worth the drive from any north or west valley location.
Menu selection is simple but extensive with the standard sushi, sashimi, and traditional rolls plus a great selection of specialty rolls.
Look for this sushi eatery to grow in popularity.
On our first visit, the place was packed.
Not exactly a large restaurant, but big enough to be cozy.
My wife and I ordered 4 rolls and it was served to us on a boat, which other restaurants serve on individual plates.
It made us feel special.
A lite cucumber and crab meat salad accompanied our meal.
We were impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant, the quality of the sushi, the friendliness of the staff, and the location near home.
I am going to recommend Sushi Catcher to my Sushi Club and I recommend it to you as well.

With limited dining choices in the Anthem area, I convinced my husband that we needed to venture out and have a sushi dinner.
Cue up Yelp and find that this place has great reviews.
The restaurant was smaller than we anticipated, but it immediately felt cozy and fresh with the bright green accent wall.
The waitress greeted us happily and eagerly explained the options on the menu.
The menu may be considered limited compared to many other restaurants, but they had our favorite items.
I even ordered the mackerel sushi because of the reviews it got.
You could tell the sushi chef was taking great care in his work and I got excited when I saw our order was going to be served in one of the wooden boats.
The artistry and quality of the sushi made our meal just sublime -- the fresh wasabi and taste of the finely sliced green onions made my mackerel pop.
The mochi at the end was a nice finish to an enjoyable meal.
Typically my husband judges a place by the spicy tuna roll and he was very satisfied and agreed this would be our sushi place -- a big statement from someone who hates traveling more than down the street for meals!
It seems like they have some regulars and the waitress recognized them and welcomed them eagerly.
It was starting o get busy after we left and I'm sure the sushi would be a bit of a wait but the wait is worth it!

We recently moved to Glendale from Central Phoenix, with significant concern about the restaurant scene.
Tonight is the first time that we have ventured out for "local fare" (restaurants close to our home) and based on the reviews on Yelp, we decided to try Sushi Catcher.
Well worth the drive.
There are places in the valley with better quality fish, but they are not in our hood and dinners are much more expensive.
This is a small, locally owned shop, with great service and quality food.
Even though the space is simple, it is clean and the service is fabulous.
The food presentation is excellent as well and you can't beat the value.
We'll be back.

We stopped in to Sushi Catcher because a friend told us it was good.
It's small but clean and inviting.
We were greeted by 'Sue' who is the owner along with 'KC' the Sushi Chef.
We let Sue know it was our first time visiting.
We heard good things and wanted to see for ourselves.
I'm a big fan of Sushi and my wife loves the specialty rolls.
We had a very nice time and the environment was friendly.
The food was great.
I especially enjoyed my yellowtail sushi.
I've seen this before this little place has been open for six months and is guaranteed that in another 6mos.- 12 mos.
it's going to be hard to walk in and sit down.
They feature fresh wasabi (just ask for some) and Sue even gave us a little bottle of Cold sake' to go...  Can't wait to go back and see our new friends...

My boyfriend is going to hate that I'm leaving this review because we like to call this "our spot" but I thought everyone on Yelp should know how amazing this place is.
I'm not going to start with how amazing the sushi is just yet...First, I love how at home we feel every time we go in.
I have to admit I was a little skeptical of trying a sushi place in this shopping center but boy was I wrong, VERY wrong.
The people here are simply amazing and the price is just right!
Ok, now for the sushi part, I'm in love...here's a list of our top favs (not in any particular order) and hopefully they will become your favs too!
1.Superman Burrito Roll 2.Volcano Roll 3.Superstar 4.
Casey Roll

Sushi was good.
The hot tea was very good.
We ordered the Dragon Roll, my daughter LOVED it.
She ate it so fast I did not even get a taste.
I order the raw fish, it was also very good.
The service was wonderful!

Came to AZ to visit family and had a serious craving for sushi!
Being from LA I have access to multiple sushi restaurants , and a lot of great choices at that...
But I digress.
After searching yelp for a local spot I stumbled upon this gem!
Cute little spot run by some good ol' LA folks!
The sushi here is fresh and tasty, coupled with great service... What more could you ask for.
Next time I'm in town ill definitely be back!

Deliciously Fresh!
My husband and I found this on yelp and gave it a try.
We are still in heaven.
We live about 30 min away, but will drive here for their sushi.
They are very friendly and obviously take pride in everything they do and serve.
They have the best sushi that I have found in the area.
I definitely suggest giving the superman burrito roll a try.

Another great meal, this time with a couple of friends.
Our friends are newer to sushi on a whole but they were blown away by the creative things KC setup for us.
We tried a few new things and my friends had a white tiger roll amongst many, other rolls.
I think they just found their new honey hole for sushi.
I was happy to take them.
Hospitality again was bang on, service as we needed anything, I normally drink their cold green tea and I never was without.
Saba, again was perfect and flavorful - we had more sashimi this time.
Everything was flavorful and tasted fresh.
Here is the kicker with this place.
For sushi, in the valley it is really reasonable.
We have other choices in the Surprise / Glendale area but for my money and either way I have to drive somewhere to get sushi, they get my business.
They have the right combination of not being too big, not having too many crazy rolls (he does make creative things but he doesn't have 10000 rolls, and almost all of them are NOT DEEP FRIED) and really good quality fish.
It is an intimate experience in a small restaurant with people that really value you being there.
I think in the last month I've been there 4 times and they always make us feel like we're guests in their home, and they serve us with such care you just want to go back.
Little touches like mocchi after the meal, light salads to start, heck this time the sweetheart even gave us a bottle of sake to take home with us, as a thank you.
They have set a really high standard that I hope they can keep.
It definitely seems like they have all of the kinks worked out and they are definitely firing on all cylinders.
Also, it was a tuesday, after 8pm, and the place was steady with take out orders and table orders.
A very good sign.
Keep up the excellent work, we'll be back next week :)

Honestly, I can't help but upgrade this place to 5 stars.
No, this isnt a 5 star location, but by god the service is worth 7 stars alone.
The food is fresh and fantastic every time we go there.
To top it off, the adorable waitress(es) there are very friendly.
They brought us a cucumber and crab salad as a little appetizer free of charge, and after we were done with our fairly large meal, she brought out a couple different types of mochi surrounding a big scoop of vanilla ice cream also free of charge....who does that?!?
It's the above and beyond mentality that keeps us coming back to this cozy little spot, and we will keep coming back as long as the food and service stays this magnificent.
They have no problems catering to our every need (which includes huge helpings of ginger and various sauces that we always get).
The waitress recognizes us every time we come in, and it feels very welcoming and homey to show up and be greeted with such enthusiasm that they have there.
See you next time sushi catcher!

Fresh food!
Great service!
Lively atmosphere!
Would def recommend :) My husband and I come here on most o our date nights before we go anywhere else.
We bring our kids here too.
It is kid friendly.
This place got our kids loving sushi.
I recommend it to all my friends.
PS.
Dessert is yummy too!

I ate here for the first time the other day and the service was very fast and friendly.
They have inexpensive happy hour rolls all day which were delicious!
I got a Philly roll and spicy tuna roll and it was actually spicy and flavorful.
I usually think spicy tuna rolls are too mild but this one was great.
Will definitely be returning soon.
Worth stopping in!

Once again, another stellar meal last night.
Tried some new rolls this time and nothing disappointed.
We were remembered even though we've come in once!
I had mentioned enjoying the fresh wasabi and we had some brought to our table without even asking.
That's quality customer service.
Amber jack was just brought in and we had it sashimi style.
My husband DOES NOT eat sashimi or nigiri and decided to try it and loved it!!
I was shocked.
Since he enjoyed it he decided to try some of the "Screaming O" I ordered and ended up eating most of it himself.
Sushi Catcher has officially made him a sashimi lover.
The highlight hands down had to be the soft shell crab appetizer.
It came served with two sauces -- a soy and a creamy sauce.
The batter was so incredibly light and flaky, unlike anything we'd ever had before.
My husband described it as powder in his mouth.
Not an overly crunchy shell and just a succulent inside.
Being from the mid-Atlantic, I'm fairly picky about my soft shell crab.
Steamed blue crabs with Old Bay are typically my crab of choice, but this is now my number one.
No joke.
My rurally-raised husband even enjoyed it and doesn't care for crab.
I can not emphasize enough how much I love this place.
Although it takes a bit of a drive for us to get there, this is worth the trip every month.
I hope the sushi chef sees this and knows how much we appreciate his quality and artistry as we have never had the chance to tell him since he's so busy!
A side note -- my OB told me she is okay with me eating sushi during pregnancy as long as I trust the source and limit the amount of fish I eat each week.
We trust Sushi Catcher!

Thank you for this one, Yelp!
All you will see outside is a nondescript sign from the road that says "Sushi".
Something that generic seems like the kind of place that you would want to avoid.
Thankfully, Yelp to the rescue.
I found this place while looking for ideas for my wife's birthday.
4.5 stars, in Glendale, prices seem reasonable.
Let's try it!
Great call.
The portions are standard.
Expect 8 pieces when you order your maki rolls.
Happy hour is all day.
Want to scratch the sushi itch without dropping too much money.
There are plenty of good rolls for $3-5.
We went very hungry and planning to sample plenty.
We ordered 6 orders of sushi (2 were not from happy hour specials) and a large sake and it came to $58 after tax/tip.
The atmosphere was perfect if you want a more casual environment for sushi.
If you are awful at using those wooden instruments of torture (like me), sushi is finger food.
It seems strange to feel like you should be dressed up to order food that you may eat with your fingers.
The music was quiet enough to easily carry on a conversation and was not the stereotypical Japanese background music you'd expect to hear at many restaurants.
My preferences are more classic rock/metal but at least it didn't feel like they were trying too hard with the music.
The staff was attentive, friendly, and not pushy.
They greeted us at the door and offered us a seat immediately.
Our waters were never empty.
I asked to have the sake come with our first order and they waited.
I've heard that they will bring fresh wasabi if you ask (we didn't think to) but they did at least let us exchange our low sodium soy sauce for the real stuff (if I'm going to have soy, I'll have the real stuff!).
Our orders:  Las Vegas Roll.
Fried.
Tasted good.
Not too much cream cheese.
Rainbow roll.
Nice size cuts of fish on these.
Spicy tuna roll.
Strangely enough this was my least favorite (normally they are my favorite "basic" maki rolls and the ones I make when I'm doing homemade).
The tuna was a touch cold (I realize that expecting fresh/never frozen fish is unreasonable in the valley but that really did feel like it needed a bit more time to come to room temperature).
And I would've liked a tad more heat.
Spicy garlic and salmon rolls.
More of these please.
I can't remember the name but the spicy scallop rolls (not happy hour special but they were $6.95).
Again, more please.
And casey roll.
This was my personal favorite.
The spicy ones were a touch spicy to my wife who is a bit sensitive to heat but edible.
The sauce that the casey rolls came with was good enough that I started dipping my other makis in that.
At the end they brought us the mochi ice cream (we were debating it but deciding to save that for our next trip).
It was a nice touch.
Have us leaving on a great note and after trying it, we KNOW we will order it again next time.
The fish didn't smell at all fishy.
The food stacks up well against any other sushi I've had in the valley (and generally at a cheaper price as long as you stick to happy hour specials).
The restaurant was very clean.
And I watched the chef wash his hands numerous times.
Obviously a clean kitchen and work environment is important to him.
This may not be the absolute best sushi I've ever had.
But it was darned good and the price was right.
We will definitely be back.

This is the second restaurant we have gone to solely on the basis of Yelp reviews, and the second time that Yelp has given us a new favorite spot.
If you're looking for a casual sushi place in the West Valley that won't break the bank, this is the place to go.
Rather than feeling like an extravagant meal, this really was casual sushi.
But, it was GOOD.
Every order we had was done well, flavored well, and presented carefully.
The service was friendly without being overbearing.
At one point the waitress saw me struggling with my chopsticks and brought me over a little helper and put it on for me.
As for the prices, Sushi Catcher has an all the time happy hour menu.
Standards like California rolls are $3-6 apiece, for generous portions.
Non happy hour specialty rolls were a bit more expensive, but the portions were a little larger too.
Not sure if it was because it was our first time, or because we plowed through 6 orders of sushi, but the waitress brought us a complimentary mochi ice cream for dessert.
Now that we've had it, we will definitely order it again.
Calling this ice cream isn't quite right.
It was balls of creamy custard-type ice cream encased in what tasted like a gummy shell but turned out to be a rice shell of some sort.
I have no idea what kind of wizardry was involved, but I'm a fan.
This place is pretty nondescript on the outside.
It is on in the shopping plaza on the north side of Bell but the outside only says "Sushi".
You have to get right up to the door to see "sushi catcher".
The place is small and probably would only seat 30 people or so, but was squeaky clean and all of the fish and other ingredients looked and smelled fresh.
Several of the people who were there looked to be regulars.

This is my favorite little secret restaurant.
The customer service here is above and beyond my expectations.
The food is really good and you can't beat all day happy hour.
It's crazy the two best sushi places in Phoenix are right next to each other but no other places come close.

I really wanted to jump on the 5 star bandwagon but alas I can not.
The owners are super nice and very attentive which is a plus.
The sushi however is just so-so.
I ordered a variety of rolls which on the plus side were large but rolled kinda sloppy.
The rice was overly mushy and the shrimp tempura seemed like it was made earlier and microwaved.
Again I would love to give them a higher rating but the flavor was just not there at this visit.
Maybe I will have to reassess at a later date.

The service was phenomenal it was our first time here they gave us a sample of the halibut and topped off an amazing meal with a complimentary serving of Mochica.
I could definitely become a regular here

Some great things like the Tootsie Roll and the Palate Cleansing Salad (complementary) and the Bento options.
Some of the other items were a complete miss.
I don't think I'll return but the place is clean and the peeps are nice.
Good selecting!

This place has the best sushi and hospitality in the valley.
I love the attention to detail the chef has and really knows what flavors complement each other.
There is no need for soy sauce here...
Thanks guys for being perfect

The wife and decided to check this place out after reading some reviews.
I think it's funny that it has many positive reviews yet the place seems hardly noticeable.
The prices were fair, the food was great, and the service was even better.

This place was amazing we showed up right when it opened and were greeted with the best service.
The food was excellent.
It started with a cucumber salad and then the sushi that came out was the best I've had in awhile.
The Mochi in the end was the cherry on the top.
I will definitely be coming back.

I was looking forward to trying this out after all of the great reviews.
I do not mind at all that it is very small and in a strip mall...
I like little hole in the wall spots.
It was clean and bright, and it was almost full but there was no wait.
We ordered tuna and salmon sushi, the Casey Roll, Vegas Roll, Baked Green Mussels and the Superman Burrito Roll.
I would rate the food a 4, most of it was good but not the best that I have had.
The Burrito roll was outstanding.. full of fish and rice and wrapped in a fresh soft wrapper, great value for the size.
The mussels were ok, but much too sweet for my taste.
My only big issue was with the service.
Our waitress didn't seem to know anything at all about Japanese food.
I can understand if you are new, which I am assuming she was, but at least study the menu so you know what you are serving.
Service was incredibly slow, and we waited a really long time for our food.
We did not get miso or any type of gratis starter, even though she said "she thought" we would be getting a cucumber salad.
We also did not get oranges or any similar sweet finish.
I guess I am just spoiled, as most of the sushi places that I go to give you both miso and oranges at no extra charge.
I may give it another shot hoping that we get better service, but I am a long time Ah-So fan ( the original on W Bell Rd) and I don't think there was enough there to get me to stray again.
Unless, that is, I get a craving for the Burrito Roll - that was the one thing they have that the others don't

New favorite sushi restaurant.
Fresh fish, awesome deals, tasteful rolls and happy hour ALL day...
Meaning...
Sake bombs for $5 ALL day..whaat?!
I've been here more than a few times now and therefore have tried many different rolls.
Not one has yet to disappoint.
The restaurant is really small, however, and in a somewhat shady complex with a sign that reads "SUSHI" (very original).
I like that it's hidden though because  have never had to wait in line to be seated...
Though they are always full/busy.
Can't wait to go back!

Small place with great menu, reasonable prices and fresh fish.
There are a lot if options in the area and this place is now one of my favs to visit.

Thank you Yelp for allowing me to find this hidden gem!
Seriously the best sushi I've found here in Phoenix.
Always fresh and delicious at reasonable prices.
I won't go anywhere else for my sushi craving.
Staff is great, too.
Very friendly.

The sushi here is really good!
They have happy hour all day, so I got 3 happy hour rolls for a total of $15.
Our waitress was very nice as well.
The place is very casual and clean.
Definitely recommend if you just want to grab some good sushi with some friends!

Yep, this is gonna be our new go-to place for sushi.
It's small, the staff is very friendly, and it's a block away from our home.
I had the Philly, golden California, Dragon, and Volcano rolls.
It was too much; I didn't expect the rolls to be so big.
I schlopped off as much as I could to my boyfriend, but he could barely finish his salmon teriyaki Bento box.
We left stuffed and with plenty of leftovers.
Next time I will just stick to two rolls.

Best sushi on the Westside.
They are almost hole-in-the-wall in size and decor but they serve up some delicious rolls and they price everything ridiculously low.
Other places would only put California rolls on their HH menu but the $4 spicy tuna roll is like something you'd pay double for elsewhere.
I probably sound like a cheap ass right about now but I wasn't always able to make it rain big face hunnreds on chicks like I do erryday, so I stay value-conscious.
Try the spicy scallop roll and maybe some Soju if you aren't driving.
The lady who runs the place always gives me a bottle of sake to go.
I hope they stay in business for a long, long time.
I love this place.

Sushi Catcher has become a home away from home..
I always get a great meal for a great price.
The value is only exceeded by how welcome I feel every time I eat here.
I don't hand out too many 5 star ratings.
Well, this wonderful family operated business deserves every one of them.
I don't even look at a menu anymore.
I just trust  KC and Sue to take very good care of me..

Some of the best sushi I have had in Phoenix!
Sashimi was amazingly fresh.
Sushi roll rice was sooo good.
Perfect proportions.
Good prices

There is a serious lack of delicious sushi restaurants in the West Valley, so when I saw Sushi Catcher listed as the "Best in the West" in Phoenix magazine, I immediately wanted to try it.
We visited on a Friday around 5pm.
I was worried that it would be packed because the article in PHX mag had just come out, but there were only two tables occupied when we arrived.
We ordered large beer and saki combos which were only $5 a piece.
They brought us complimentary cucumber and crab salads to start, which were so vinegary and delicious.
We completely over ordered here because we are used to small sushi rolls at every place we go.
We were not ready for the magnitude of the rolls at Sushi Catcher.
We also ordered Gyoza, which came with this heavenly cilantro/spicy/sweet pepper dipping sauce that was so good I wanted it pumped into my veins.
The rainbow roll was to die for.
One roll that I nor my husband were fans of was the scallop roll with salmon on top.
I love scallops when they are cooked, but when they aren't, the texture and flavor was enough to make me gag.
I couldn't eat more than one piece of this roll.
I just took the salmon off the top and ate it sashimi style.
They brought us a complimentary sampling of mochi ice cream in a couple of flavors and a scoop of green tea ice cream in the middle after the meal.
The mochi was a little like the ice cream was surrounded by the squishy inner-part of a jelly bean.
Over all, we loved most of the meal, but I'll have to go back one more time, maybe order a bento box, in order to push my review up to five stars.

From the outside, it doesn't look like much.
But on the inside, there is great sushi, fantastic prices and extremely friendly staff.
The woman who greeted us (the owner perhaps?
) asked if we'd been there before.
When we told her we hadn't, she gave us the royal treatment.
She sent out seaweed salad (delicious), fresh wasabi with the sushi and mochi ice cream at the end.
She also brought out our sushi and sashimi in a giant wooden boat.
Really fun experience.
They have happy hour all day.
Rolls are fresh, tasty and interesting!

What a fun place!
I wanted to try a new place on my birthday and I love sushi so the reviews at Yelp steered me here.
The staff there were the friendliest group I've met in a while.
It was more like going to a friend's house to eat than a restaurant.
The sushi chef has a great sense of humor and surprised us with some great and very nice-looking sushi.
The best parts: The food was super-fresh.
Everything tasted like it was prepped that same hour.
They gave us free (delicious) cucumber and crab salad and even handed us some sea bass to try as well.
What was really cool was the rolls actually looked like what they were named for.
I had the Caterpillar Roll and the chef took the time to arrange it so it had a wiggly caterpillar shape and even had an identifiable 'head' and 'tail'.
Very cute!
And extremely tasty.
Best one I've had.
I'd say more about the chef's clever way of arranging sushi in fun patterns but you should just go see for yourself.
And if you really want some fun, ask him to surprise you with his favorite.

I almost don't want to tell you guys about this place.
Such is my greed to have a seat when I go back.
Think "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" as far as the smallness and inconspicuousness of the place (in a strip mall).
But just like in "Jiro" (who's place is tucked away in the Tokyo subway) this place delivers big on sushi satisfaction.
Prices are very solid for what you get.
We were going to get some straight sashimi, but the bento boxes looked so good and were such an amazing value we went that way.
Salmon teriyaki, 6-piece sashimi, rice, soup and salad.
The sashimi came out first SEPARATE from the bento box.
It was not an after-thought.
it was in a bowl on it's own bed of ice and was amazing and fresh.
The chef also sent over a complimentary creamy cucumber and crab salad with sesame seeds that was out of this world.
The service was so friendly that it felt like we'd been there before.
To top it all off, they also gave us a complimentary mochi and whip cream dessert at the end of the meal that took me to sushi/japanese cuisine nirvana.
It's hard to squeeze 5 stars out of me, but this place did.
I can imagine doing a "Groundhog Day" (remember Bill Murray in that?
) where I came back to this place every day at the same time forever... and that would be just fine.
Save me a seat.
I'm coming back.

Have been to several sushi places in the west valley and this one tops them all.
The sushi was fantastic and priced very reasonably.
The service was excellent.
$5 sake bombers and the complimentary salad was a great touch.
The owner treats you like family from the minute you walk in with a smile and a hug.
Will definately be going back.

I discovered this place in July, and I refuse to eat sushi anywhere else now.
The owners are friendly and they always give quality service.
Whenever I go I always order the Chirashi, which is a bowl of rice with varieties sashimi on top, it also comes with miso soup.
This is my absolute favorite thing, their fish is always fresh!
And you don't always get the same selection, which is nice because it gives you the opportunity to try different things without breaking the bank.
The prices are fair as well, so there's a plus, great sushi for a great price.
The place is quite small, so it can be loud when it is crowded, but I don't mind as long as I have a place to sit and eat the fantastic sushi here.
Try this place out, you will not be disappointed!

Like the 5 star says "As good as it gets" this is the best sushi place anywhere as far as I am concerned.
Great staff, great sushi chef and amazing food.
They have the best FRESH Sashimi hands down which come with "Fresh" wasabi not the powdered kind complimentary.
If you love UNI they have the best most fresh call ahead to check on the delivery date it goes quickly !
I recommend the garlic roll with Yellowtail and the Superman burrito YUM I'm drooling.
I send everyone here and it becomes their favorite place as well I joke with the owners they are going to need a bigger place :)

The all day happy hour is what drew me in here initially.
Though there are a few yummy items on the happy hour menu, it's their sashimi and bento boxes that I love.
Favorites on the HH menu include: Tootsie roll, Casey roll (must try), golden cali roll, shrimp tempura roll.
Other favorites are the the Alaskan roll and bento box combo with beef teriyaki and sashimi, comes with rice and salad.
Sashimi is always fresh and has 2 slices of salmon, tuna, and yellow tail.
She usually gives a complimentary cucumber is rice vinegar salad (acquired taste but I love it) or mochi at the end.
Service is good considering they are so small and only have 3 people working at a time.
The owner and his wife are super friendly and love what they do, it definitely shows in their quality and presentation of the food.
It is so hard to find good sashimi in this area.
Compared to other local sushi joints, Sushi catcher gets their fish from a different vendor and I can honestly taste the difference.
This place has replaced Yen as my go to sushi spot in the area!
Finally, a good sushi place in Glendale!

Wow I checked the reviews on this place and was very happy I did.
This the best I have eaten.
The rainbow roll is awesome!
Give it a try you will love it.

You know that mythical hole-in-the-wall sushi place, the one run by a local proprietor and serves delicious food at reasonable prices that no one ever knows about?
This is that place.
I cannot say enough good things about this establishment.
First off, the sushi is top rate.
Now, I am not saying that it is Japan sushi sensei level good, but it is consistently excellent and very unexpected for the neighborhood.
The fish is fresh, the rice is tasty, the portions are generous (for sushi).
There are both Japanese and Korean entrees available as well.
But the best thing has to be the price - it is happy hour every day, meaning that for $5, you can get a Las Vegas roll, and for $7 you can get a rainbow roll.
Chirashi only sets you back $11.
And Edamame is complimentary.
Seating is limited due to the fact that this is indeed a real hole in the wall, so it can get crowded on weekends.
By far my favorite sushi establishment this side of the valley.

Pretty damn good!
just moved from Cali like 2 months ago...decided to go check this place out with the boyfriend.
We were skeptical at first but once our food arrived it had a nice presentation and the sushi looked pretty fresh.
Food took a little while but I don't know if it was because we were starving lol.
Overall it was a great experience, we ordered spicy tuna, 2 Philadelphia rolls, tuna roll and rainbow roll.
Reasonable prices ended up paying around $30 drinks included.
Must try!
Happy hour all day... Oh P.S if you like chef specialty rolls, don't expect it here..
They stick to the basic stuff really.

The sushi was pretty much the same as other places nothing really outstanding.
Unfortunately the tiger roll was really lacking; a better place for them would be Atami.
Also the price on the website for the specialty rolls was not the correct price, once we actually paid the tiger roll priced at five something online was actually nine something.

I have been wanting to try Sushi Catcher for a few months now after reading the many reviews.
I was there last Friday night dining with friends.
There are few sushi places just within 3-5 miles.
This place might be hard to spot since the sign only says Sushi not the actual name.
It is a small place and located in a strip mall.
I am taking off a star due the extreme long wait on food.
Actually, my friends were starving by the time the rolls and kitchen prepared food items finally came.
They only have one sushi guy rolling sushi even on the weekend.
We had to wait about 45 minutes for food to arrive.
I had ordered the Vegas and Rainbow Roll.
These rolls were part of their all day happy hour menu.
Taste was nothing spectacular but not bad.
At the end, the owner did apologize for the long wait and gave us all a soy sauce bottle to take home, but was inexcusable for the long wait.
Hopefully, they would consider hiring more staff to help on the weekends.

I was nervous trying sushi in Arizona after moving here from San Diego, but I couldn't hold in my cravings any longer!
This place is near our apartment and is in a tiny shopping center.
You'd pass it if you didn't know where you were going.
My favorite roll is the Superman Burrito roll.
I think its salmon, tuna and avocado wrapped in some sort of rice paper (not the traditional seaweed wrap) with a delicious dipping a sauce!
I always get this roll when I order.
All the rolls I've had are delicious!
The prices are fantastic and the staff is nice.
Definitely a place I recommend!
I'll be going to this place for a long time.
:-)

Very good sushi for the price, if you come here and there are a lot of people be prepared to wait.
The Owner is the sushi chef and the wife also waits on the tables.
They are just starting out and probably can't hire more staff otherwise they will have to charge more for good sushi.
Very friendly Owners.

This place is the bomb!
Total hole in the wall with some of the freshest sushi I have had in a long time.
Very friendly service and very kind owners that really care about their clientele!
Tootsie roll and spicy tuna were amazing.
Cucumber salad was great!

Ok, ok, this might not be a 100% fair review as I did not get sushi here, BUT I say if they serve an item, it should be legit.
I went here with a couple friends on lunch from work (I happened to be working in Glendale, not my usual).
Everyone raved about this place and it got great reviews, so I was excited.
Anyway, I got the chicken teriyaki bento.
It was well priced at about 8$ and coming with the chicken, rice, salad, and soup.
The problem was it just all wasn't anything special.
The chicken reminded me of those refrigerated pre sliced pieces of chicken....like it was cut too perfectly to have been cut by a human....not sure about that.
The sauce was typical, but there wasn't a lot of it.
The salad dressing was ok, kind of like an asian ranch I guess, but I always hope for the orange ginger dressing.
The soup was typical miso.
It just wasn't anything special, it was fine, but I wouldn't make a special trip to eat here.

Based on the reviews we went here today.
we were interested in the fresh sashimi.
The raves about the freshness made me want to go.
We don't live on the west side.
So we traveled there.
Reviewers should talk about the ambience - first of all.
It is more like a little diner.
Tile floors.
Tiny.
Stripmall.
No ambience.
Take out - feel.
The greeting was nice.
The food was really  good.
They treated us very well.
They gave us the salad- the creamy cucumber imitation crab salad with sesame seeds.
It was nice.
The service was fast.
The owners were sweet.
We chose to get the $50 boat.
It was really fresh and flavorful.
The sushi chef made great selections.
It was fair for the price.
We were treated to a free dessert.
What I don't see in all the other reviews is that the ambience is not a - "restaurant".
It's more like a quick take out joint.
The food was great.
But it's not a...restaurant.
It's a quick and go.

We went to Sushi Catcher last night and boy are we glad we did!
Thanks Yelp!!
We decided to stop in before catching a movie.
We both ordered a Bento Box.
My partner ordered the Teriyaki Steak, The Tootsie Roll Maki and the gyoza for the app.
I had the Chicken Teriyaki, the Spicy Tuna Roll and the tempura veggies.
I will say that if I had ordered what my partner did, I would be giving this review a 5 star.
The Steak Teriyaki was so tender and flavorful.
The Tootsie Roll was delicious and the gyoza was also mighty fine.
The sauce they gave you to dip it in was to die for.
My chicken was good but maybe a little dry, the tempura veggies were okay and the tuna roll was pretty good.
Will I go back?
Absolutely!!
But I will definitely order my partner's meal!
Go give them a try.
They are super nice and quick!

I went here for lunch by myself and it took almost 30min to get my food.
To top it off the rice and house salad that went with my bento box they forgot and I had already got my main dish.
When I got my check they still paid me full price!
Needless to say the food was good but not worth going back AT ALL.
Poorly organized, cramped space, and poor service....

such a little place, one sushi chef, KC, he knows how to rock those sushi, took a long time for it to come out... Other than that, we are happy !

Came here on a Wednesday night and it was quite busy.
My boyfriend and I were greeted warmly as usual.
This time I decided to get the Hae Do Bap (pardon my spelling) which is sashimi over a salad and rice with a spicy korean sauce and my boyfriend order the Casey Roll and the Rainbow roll instead of our regular chirashi.
As usual, we were not disappointed!
While we waited for our meal to arrive Sue talked to us a little just to catch up since we haven't been back for a while and after our meal KC did the same, which is nice because you know they  truly remember and care for their customers.
What always amazes me is although KC is the only sushi chef there, yet the food always comes out in a timely manner.
Even when it gets busy the food and service quality is never compromised.
I still vouch for the place.
It is a small business and worth trying and retrying!

Best sushi in the valley!
Don't let the hole-in-the-wall facade fool you.
This place is a class act.
Friendly and speedy service, all-day happy hour, fresh, authentic, inexpensive, and delicious.
Will now be my go-to for sushi.

Each roll was better then the next.
Lobster rolls were incredible.

We went here again on a quiet Wednesday evening.
We got our sushi in the boooooat!
I ordered one less roll and I was still full.
I tried the Las Vegas roll this time and it was delicious.
5 rolls for $25---can't beat that.

We felt like having sushi and searched up some places close by on Yelp.
Sushi Catcher has great reviews, so we decided to try it out.
Casey is the owner and he makes all the sushi himself.
It's amazing, he makes the best sushi.
Needless to say, it was absolutely delicious, and he was so gracious, he even sent us home with some saki.
So glad we have a place to get some fantastic sushi again, won't go anywhere else!

I've been to Sushi Catcher 4-5 times in the past few months.
Have had a rainbow roll, casey roll, and spicy salmon roll.
All were very fresh, tasty, and melt in your mouth delicious.
The prices are very reasonable, and staff are always friendly and gracious.
I have sushi 1-2X/week, and this has become my place to go in the Phoenix area.

My new favorite local sushi place.
Went here for dinner and had their Volcano Roll, Yum-Yum roll, and Rainbow Roll, which were part of their "All Day Every Day Happy Hour".
Although I wouldn't say the bill was very "Happy Hour"ish, I still thought the quality was quite good.
The sashimi was fresh and cut well, the waitress was very friendly, and the Yum Yum (raw scallop) roll as well as the Volcano roll was my favorite :]   This restaurant is great for that quick lunch/dinner with 2-3 people, but doesn't look like it could accommodate larger parties.
Nevertheless, I'd definitely come back again.

Still one of my favorite sushi restaurants in Arizona!
Was super excited to eat it one Monday afternoon, however, and found out they now close on Mondays...literally had us standing in front of the lock door frowning haha So if it's a Monday and you want sushi catcher....
Sad day :(

I'm not a sushi pro, but an occasional indulger.
Stopped here last night on a whim, and it did not disappoint.
We arrived around 5:30, and were all alone.
Small establishment, seats about 30.
Ordered a spicy tuna roll, lava roll, shrimp roll and the fried California roll...they threw in a tootsie roll which was surprising.
I know rolls arent't  real "sushi", but it was still yummy.
They started the meal with a crab and cucumber salad which was delicious.
We will definitely be back, and the prices were awesome.
All this for only $20.

This place is my hidden sushi gem.
Coming from NYC area I found it very difficult finding great sushi here in the desert...shocker I know.
The fellow yelpers have given me a good tip about this place and surely happy I listened!
This little mom and pop sushi spot is more Korean sushi than Japanese.
How do they differ?
Well Korean sushi offers a bit more different things such as the hoedenbap (sp?).
Picture this: sashimi sliced even smaller over greens with threads of radish and fish roe and spicy Korean red sauce poured all over it.
Hungry yet?
And can't beat the prices either.
Cute and sweet couple that owns this little (and I mean LITTLE) place.
Don't forget to ask for the fresh wasabi.
You won't regret that.

Decor:  It is in a strip mall, and doesn't look like much on the outside.
Inside is a bit better, but small.
Nothing too fancy but also nothing too terrible.
Service:  Service was top notch.
They were attentive enough when they needed to be, and left us alone when they needed to be.
Food:  Food was great for the price.
Is this the best sushi you will ever have?
No.
Are their rolls creative and tasty?
Yes.
The burrito roll was amazing!
All in all, if you are on this sound of town and are looking for good sushi that is not gonna cost you and arm and a leg, then head over here.

We were out and about and decided to have Yelp choose our dining location.
The kids wanted sushi, so we looked for a highly rated spot.
Glad that we were able to stop by Sushi Catcher.
At first glance the location and tiny spot they occupy can have you thinking twice.
Things are crammed all down the hallway to the bathroom.
If you can get past all that (once you taste the food you should) then this spot will create happiness in your belly.
Very simple menu with lots of creative choices.
We settled for your basic rolls and bento box.
I decided to try the Jalapeño bombers.
I can't recall all that was in it, but with the Sriracha I added that was on the table, these things were good!
Service was quick and prices were moderate.
This is a good spot and when in the area we will return.

I heard the raving reviews about this place.
So I decided to try it.
The service was terrible.
There were two couples that came into the restaurant after us thay received their food before us.
I know it does not take a long time to make sushi or the edamames.
The sushi was delicious but that doesn't entirely make up for the horrible service.
Also, the restaurant is too tiny not to have a conversation that couldn't be overheard by another table.
I definitely won't be going there again.

Somewhat of a hole in the wall restaurant, but usually the hole in the wall places pack the most flavor and quality.
The wifey and I were adventurous and ordered the Chefs Special for sushi (9 sashimi, 5 PC sushi, and 2 special rolls).
It is very small inside but it reminded me that it's not always the decor that makes the place, but definitely the food.
We also have numerous hole in the wall places in SoCal that are the friggin' bomb!
So we were def pumped for the sushi.
So the sushi itself...fresh fish = great sushi.
Presentation on a wooden boat = even better!
With the sashimi and special rolls, everything was flavorful and you can tell the sushi chef spent time on the rolls.
The service was ok only being the fact that the waitress was in charge of every table in the restaurant.
The wifey and I will be back because happy hour is ALL THE TIME, as many have stated here.
I just wish you were closer to my area.
Great job, we will see you again!

I love this place!
the cute servers are very friendly and the Sushi is delicious!
The scallop roll is my favorite roll of all rolls.
You can't beat having Happy Hour ALL DAY either.

BEST SUSHI PLACE EVER!!!
I kid you not.
My husband and I have been sushi lovers and sushi eaters for a very long time and we have tried sushi from many different places and different states.
So far, Sushi Catcher has been THE BEST.
Their food is really fresh, extremely tasty, and reasonably priced.
Their service is also awesome!
The owners are really friendly.
Sometimes the place gets really, REALLY busy, so try to go during a time when its less busy.
Some of my favorites to get are: Alaska Roll, Casey Roll, Superman, Uni, the "ABC" Salmon Teriyaki box.... etc...  Everything is delicious there.
Don't be put down by how small the place is.
I promise you... you won't be disappointed!

I'm confused by the rating.
I went out of my way to come here for HH based on Yelp reviews, and it turned out to just be ok. We ordered 4 rolls, the Screaming-O, and chicken teriyaki...A LOT for 2 people and none of the rolls really stood out.
The Screaming-O looks better than it actually tastes.
I actually had 2 bites and left the rest.
For $14, it was a waste of money...
Overall, just okay.
It wouldn't be my first choice for sushi.

Great food and service.
Already visited a second time.

I will say I've tried 3 sushi places in Az n this is the best.
I really liked the las vegas roll & the rainbow.
I even liked the tootsie roll.
The heart burn or heart attack was TOO spicy & had some good heat.
Rolls poorly put together to where they fell apart from plate to mouth but still good.
This will be my pla ce for sushi in Az.

Hole in the wall sushi restaurant in Glendale;  quite a far trek from Tempe.
But I love sushi so was willing to give this a place a try.
Cucumber salad was on the house and good.
Three of us ordered the rainbow roll, Buddha roll, tootsie roll, Alaskan roll, Philadelphia roll, shrimp tempura roll, shrimp roll, and two pieces of salmon sushi.
All the rolls were good.
We did notice that they used the fake crab meat in the rolls, but not complaining because our bill totaled $50.00 which is super cheap for how much food we had.
If you like to eat sushi on a budget this is your place.

Every time I've been here (8 time now i believe) I have been extremely glad I did.
Brilliant!

Surprisingly a good place for sushi.
Not expensive abd courteous people.
I would recommend.

One of the best sushi places I've been to.
Very friendly staff makes this a go to place for me.

Happy Hour All Day, Every Day.
Great selection of happy hour rolls, and a very neat, slightly edgy speciality rolls list.
Service is up to par for a small sushi establishment.
Realizing your in NW Phoenix area getting sushi for a great price, you'd think the quality isn't up to par with everything else and thats is where you'd be WRONG!
I've yet to have bad or under quality sushi or sashimi and I've happily dined in over 20 times in the last year.
Rolls to try: Rainbow Roll, Casey Roll, & Las Vegas Roll (all happy hour rolls) And definetly try the Dragon, Mexican, Caterpillar, or Superman Burrito Roll!!

Delicious and fresh food, clean and simple atmosphere.
Portions are quite large...my bento had several moist pieces of salmon teriyaki, just lightly brushed with sauce.
It was our first visit and we both added an extra sushi roll to our boxes.
Even though we were ravenous, this was a foolish mood.
With one from column a, b, and c, we had more than enough to eat, for a mere $12.50.
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.
As others have said, this is not a fancy place.
But who cares?
We would happily drive past the 10 other sushi options on our 30 minute drive to eat here again.

Update - this place has gotten even better since my review nearly a year ago.
Their all day Happy Hour can't be beat.
This place is always spotless, and the staff always smiling.
Presentation of sushi rolls is clever and sophisticated.
Hubby's and my favorite rolls are the spicy tuna (perfect spice level and VERY generous tuna mixture), the tootsie (excellent, now that the cream cheese amount is lessened and the eel sauce dotted on the plate is the precise amount necessary to give it that extra special flavor), and the shrimp tempura roll (shrimp is so fresh).
The sushi rice, the wrappers, all the ingredients are SO fresh.
The wasabi is superior to many of the sushi restaurants we've tried, and I love the fresh pickled ginger.
Hubby and I agreed - there is no reason at this point to have sushi ANYWHERE else in the northwest valley than here.
We're hooked!

very good, fresh sushi

Awesome, fresh sushi.
Casey the owner and chef is a great guy that seems like he has a real passion to make each roll special for each and every customer.
It is a hole in a wall but I don't care what it looks like..
It is clean and good food!
Highly recommend... My favorite food is sushi and I am picky!
Great prices too!
Please check it out.
He will make a roll to your own taste too!!

Fresh, inexpensive sushi in the Glendale/Peoria area.
The staff is very friendly and the sushi is very good.
The happy runs all day everyday.
Spicy tuna is $3 and more elaborate rolls such as the scallop is $5.95.
This is my favorite sushi place in the area.
It's not glamorous, but it's perfect for great sushi.

The best sushi in the valley.
The owners are great.
They give tremendous service and always make you feel at home.
We usually get sushi and a couple of rolls when we go, and they are so fresh.
We like to try a new roll every time and they have yet to disappoint us.
It is a small place, so we try and go on off hour times, so we can sit at the sushi bar and talk.
Because KC is the only sushi chef right now, he was training a new one the day we were there, The place fills up quick.
I've read where people say the service is slow, but sushi is an art and even when it's busy he get the food out in a timely manner.
Doesn't any restaurant slow down when they get busy?
I would recommend Sushi Catcher to everyone.
It's a great small family business.

Superb sushi!
Generous cut of silky pink tuna that melted in my mouth.
Great house rolls too!
First time won't be my last.
Don't let the hole in the wall location fool you like it did me for far too long.
The place is unimpressive inside and out.
But clean.
And good service.
Best green (iced) tea I've ever had, too!
Sushi is usually expensive.
Not too bad here though.
Good size nigiri for $4.50-$5.00.

OMG!
So good!
The fish is so fresh that if the owner/chef doesn't think it's fresh enough, he comps the dish.
Happy hour prices all day.
Closed on Mondays.

Went for dinner on a Sunday at 6p.
Very small dining area and a large party was seated when we arrived.
We were promptly greeted and our orders taken.
Ordered the calamari appetizer....crunchy and not soggy, a little too much breading for my taste.
Salmon roll from the happy hour menu $3 great value.
Rainbow roll was large and tasty.
Dragon roll was great, but the highlight of the dinner was the sushi burrito.
HUGE!
DELICIOUS!
Excellent value.
The service and wait time were decent considering the large party ahead of us ordered at least one of everything from the menu.
The only negative thing I can comment on was the noise level of the rather rambunctious adults in that large party.

Have been coming here since it opened.
They are getting busy as people discover them.
Prices are reasonable, service is Amazing and of course sushi is spectacular.

Very impressed with Sushi Catcher.
I came here after Church on a Sunday before I needed to head into work.
I was coming from the North Valley area and going to Jobing.com arena, so thanks to Yelp and some navigation, I found this little gem in a strip mall.
Don't be fooled.
The outside and, to be honest, the inside of the place look pretty ghetto but the food is great.
Plus, Happy Hour ALL DAY!!
What?
Yes.
ALL.
DAY.
HAPPY.
HOUR.
Awesome!
There were a few more tables of people sitting in the small place which is always a good indicator, and they all seemed to be rather pleased.
I took a seat by myself and was pleased to find out that they give you a complementary salad upon arrival!
Yum!
The only gripe about the salad is that there was a touch too much of sauce on it, but the sauce was good!
I ordered the Vegas roll, salmon sashimi (6pc) and the Philly roll.
They came out in a decent amount of time and were extremely delicious.
The sashimi was so fresh and flavorful and melted in my mouth.
The Vegas roll and Philly roll were also really good and cooked/prepared to order.
Service was good, and didn't hover which I really appreciated.
The best part about the meal was that I paid only $20 before tip for it all.
That, folks, is what I call a slammin' deal.

Very good sushi and very friendly service.
Excellent prices.
Small dinning area and located in a strip mall, but don't let that bother you.
You will certainly enjoy the food.

I was looking for a good sushi place in Phoenix and I found it.
I had albacore sushi and the shrimp roll on happy hour.
The albacore was really good quality.
They are not overpriced or stingy with the fish like a lot of other places.
I think I have found my sushi spot on the west side!

It's good.
Definitely is in my top 5 of sushi places here in Phoenix.
Happy hour all day, i am pretty sure just counts as regular price, so they should take their sign down that says that.
Prices are good, services is prompt.
This place is more about the rolls and quantity, which I have no qualms with.
My brother in law got this very interesting salad thing with tuna...It looked soo good, and he said it was too...sorry don't know the name of it.

Loved the Sushi,  we also had Amy as our waitress (knowing negative views of her on previous posts) and she was 100% perfectly fine,  sweet, patient and knowledgeable.
She went out of her way to explain details,  helped us ms make a few decisions and we are picky foody people.
Zero complaints about Amy and honestly this place gets busy..... And she still tended to us in a very professional and personal fashion...... Sushi was very good and the rolls were huge and tasted wonderful.
We had the Las Vegas roll,  Mexican roll (our new favorite),  and the Casey roll (which is very awesome too).
This is a great North Phoenix place and I would recommend it highly if you like sushi and a good waitresses (meaning Amy..... And no,  I don't know her personally at all).
Great sushi!!!
Thanks

It's your pretty standard Americanized sushi restaurant.
Value: They have happy hour all day and they are good prices for big portions.
Ambiance: To be completely honest, the ambiance is pretty lacking.
It's a small, cramped restaurant and not a place I would recommend for a group or party.
Overall: An OK restaurant to get some decent sushi, but not somewhere I would bring a large group.

I used to really like this place but the last time I was there the sushi was not fresh.
Salmon tasted yucky.
I think the standard is going down.

Nope.
Went for dinner tonight.
The place was dirty.
The sushi was very poor quality and now my husband has food poisoning.
The sushi was on par with what you buy from a grocery store.
Oh and there was a hair on our menu.
Gross.
Go to Yen's!

Honestly, this place is only OK...
They have happy hour which is cool nut the happy hour is all day every day...
So its not really happy hour, its just their normal price.
The rolls arnt that tasy so i wouldnt recommend it.
Only one thing on the menu that is edible in my oppion is the chirashi bowl which is 13$ lunch and dinner.

One of the best tasting sushi places I've ever been to.
Not a very well decorated restaurant with only a few seats available, but if you are looking for good sushi, this is your spot.
Service was fast and efficient.
Overall a great experience.
Will definitely go here again.

So.
Return I promised, and return I did.
Went     Friday night.
I'm surprised this place isn't busier.
I said I'd order my partner's meal and that is exactly what I did.
I got the Bento box with teriyaki steak, pot stickers and the tootsie roll.
They start you out with soup that I'm not a fan of but I loved everything in the bento box.
The ambience leaves a little to be desired but if you want good food at really good prices, get over there.
It's delicious

I ventured in here a few months ago (took notes) and am finally writing a review.
I was in the area and was having a serious craving for sushi.
Needless to say, this is one of, if not the highest rated sushi bar in Glendale, so I took the bait.
Anyway, my first impression was a busy restaurant with terrible fluorescent lighting and barren walls.
The awful, whining sounds of country music playing overhead leaving me wondering why the hell I was listening to country music in a Japanese restaurant.
Who knows.
Anyway, I sat down and was promptly greeted by my server.
She took my order and rushed off to the next table.
I noticed that KC, the sushi chef, was cranking out orders one after another.
His cuts were precise and his methods were fluid.
I was getting excited thinking that I would soon be trying that very sushi he was preparing.
Crab & Cucumber Salad = Tasty & complementary.
Low sodium soy sauce = nice to have.
white pickled ginger = my favorite, I hate the pink stuff.
salmon nigiri = fresh.
and a generous portion.
sushi rice = not too shabby.
rainbow roll = large and fresh.
The service ended up being a bit shoddy throughout the night, but I suspect that the girl was a bit overwhelmed with the rush.
She seemed absent but might have just been thrown off by my style of ordering one item at a time from the bar while I enjoy my beer+saki.
She did however load me up with ginger when I asked for extra.
I would give the service a 3.5/5   I give the atmosphere a 2/5  I would give the food a 4.5/5  Oh and for salmon nigiri and a rainbow roll my total was only $12...   Price = 5/5.
If I am ever in Glendale, I will most definitely be back and I would recommend anyone to come enjoy some fresh, quality sushi!!
Check this place out!

The food is amazing for the prices!
I'm giving it three stars because the place is a little shaby.
Great customer service also, and very casual.
AND HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY!

Yummy sushi, good sized portions and cozy atmosphere, this little restaurant has a happy family feel!

I was excited to try this place!
Since yelpers were raving about this place.
It's a cute place, few chairs & tables we were lucky there was 1 table left for us.
I am not a raw sushi eater, but when I go to sushi places, I always get the baked or fried rolls.
They have the best las vegas roll so far and their volcano rolls is loaded with lobster meat and shrimp.
My friends had sake bombs, one of them tried the green tea.
The green tea was alright, it needs more flavor.
We also tried spicy garlic with salmon, shrimp tempura, sex on the beach and golden california.
All of them are soooooo good but my most favorites are the las vegas roll and the volcano roll.
The price for the  las vegas roll was $5 and 12.95 for volcano roll.
Happy hour all day, everyday!
Hands down the best sushi place in the west valley (for me).

Went here tonight (Tuesday), got spicy tuna roll, rainbow roll, jalapeño something, and salmon nigiri.
We started with gyoza and seaweed salad.
I'm not sure what all the fuss is about - it was pretty crappy.
The place smelled funky when we walked in but we read all the great reviews so we decided to stay.the atmosphere didn't bother me but it certainly didn't add anything to the experience either.
Food came out pretty quickly but we were the only ones ordering when we got there.
The salmon pieces were big, but not the freshest tasting - and the seaweed salad was just average.
Gyoza was mostly cabbage (more like an egg roll) and came with a cilantro dipping sauce that was thick and weird but if you like cilantro you might like it.
Overall, we agreed that we'd never come back and we'd rather go to M sushi just up 59th.

2nd review since my first was not posted.
Last time I was there the ac wasn't working and food was overpriced.
Guess I will not be writing reviews any longer if my first amendment cannot be heard.
By the way was not this restaurant in Dirty Dining TV review on channel 5 a few months ago?
I think Yelp should be alerted on this place.
Where in the h-ll do you get a 4.5* rating review?, Yelp is a farce.

I wanted to try this place based on yelp rating.
I had sushi and my mom ordered chirashi.
Fish is very fresh and thick but this place does not use sushi rice.
Chirashi was a great value at $11.95 and happy hour menu from $3.
I may try again but for now, I will give 3 stars for food.
Service was very poor...
Chef wasn't all that friendly either.

Sushi was amazing , I get my tattoo work done right down the door and never knew it was there .
It's kinda of a hole in the wall place but don't let that stop you from trying there sushi .
Will definitely be back

This place has pretty good sushi at a great price!
They have many popular rolls on the all day happy hour menu for $5-7 each.
As far as taste goes this sushi is definitely good.
While it probably wont be winning any awards for best sushi ever it will definitely win a spot in my weekly lineup for great spots to have lunch.
The inside is pretty small I think only 8 tables; 2 of which only seat 2.
The staff is friendly and really polite but when busy can sometimes use a reminder to refill your glass.
Not a big issue.
I've been to at least 4 other suhi places in the area and this is hands down my favorite.
If your looking for a place to go get sushi in glendale this is it!

Awesome small place.
The service is always good, speedy, and the sushi is delicious.

awesome, delicious.
sashimi that melts in your mouth!
large portions and great prices!
I wish I knew about this place sooner  great service too!

