My first time to ever visit and buy something from Tammie Coe Cakes.
Located inside Sky Harbor, these small shops are huge on taste when it comes to their snacks.
Tammie Coe Cakes sells drinks, sandwiches, salads, cupcakes, and cookies.
I think their prices are pretty good too considering that it's inside an airport.
One thing about Tammie Coe is that they sure get busy.
I was fortunate enough to be the only customer in line at the time.
I was wondering why there was 2 employees running this little cupcake stand.
But once planes started landing, this place got busy.
They were prepared for the lines and the service is great.
I was greeted in and out like everyone else.
I was debating on another sandwich, a cupcake, and a cookie.
I settled with the cookie because I would be home for a real meal in less than 2 hours.
The cookie looked and tasted so good.
Try their Apple Oatmeal cookie.
No regrets, I promise.
PS:  Wednesday is their $1 cupcake day.
I didn't have a cupcake.
Just giving everyone a heads up.

How lucky that Tammie Coe is now at the Phoenix Airport.
This has just very recently opened.
The Phoenix Airport keeps changing every day.
Or so it seems.
Great Tea and amazing Red Velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting.Then it  was Red on top with I think, coconut.
It was the best Tammie Coe cake I have ever had so far.
I hate to say, I have really not been impressed with the Cakes so far until this time.
It is a busy place ,even though it is so small.
But, with Spring Break here now this place will be jamming.
I hope they keep up the good work.
If you find yourself at the airport treat yourself to this place.
However, a bit of mess.
Better eat it before you get on the plane.

Tammie Coe Cakes is a godsend when you missed your flight and and have to wait three hours until the next one boards.
It's a really tiny place that gets packed once about 4 people with backpacks and luggage start browsing, but the plethora of options means you can't just grab and go.
You will struggle between getting a chocolate chip cookie the size of your face, or TWO cookies the size of your face.
The chocolate chip cookie was chewy and soft, and was a little more than $3.
They also have other options like bar cookies, cupcakes and puddings.

On both of my stops through the Phoenix airport I picked up food here.
Both times I got the Asian chicken noodle salad.
So delicious.
Shredded white chicken, noodles, mandarin oranges, and assorted veggies all mixed together with a light sweet vinaigrette.
It hit the spot.
Their flourless chocolate cookie was also the bees knees.
Check them out if you are in the airport and need some tasty vittles.

If you're running between flights in Phoenix Sky Harbor's Terminal 4 please don't miss a visit to Tammie's.
Wonder food and wonderful service.
Yes that's right it's at an airport!!

This Airport Terminal 4 location is a great place to grab some good food to take on a flight.
Besides a great selection of goodies like cookies and brownies, they have fresh salads and sandwiches.
Note that this is a "grab and go" location - no seating.

I guess its now called "taammie coe to go".
I didn't have any cakes but i did get some gumballs.
Hey yelper, why are you reading this anyway?
Clearly you're stuck at the airporrt like me...well, if you want candy this is really the only place to get anything that's not made by hersheys or mars.
Warning the gumballs look like heaven, but they taste like nothing.
You think bright colors would equal bright flavors, but no.
Since i paid $4 for 16, it was fun to sit back and pretend that with each gumball i was eating a quarter.
Hey, did i mention I've been at this airport for 8 hours?
Starting to go crazy over here!

I was about to jump on a flight back to LAX and needed a light meal to grab and go.
Tammie Coe Cakes was close to my gate at terminal 4.
Immediately I realized that this was not your usual airport food establishment, that they were catering to foodies with specialized taste buds.
I picked up a turkey and cheese sandwich on a croissant plus a colorful rice crispy square.
Had the turkey and cheese sandwich on the plane.
It was wonderful.
Croissant was fresh and flakey while the filling was perfect.
It hit the spot.
I just had the rice crispy treat for breakfast.
It was delicious.
Always wonderful to find a quality food establishment at an airport.
I will be at terminal 4 again tomorrow and will once again stop by Tammie Coe Cakes.

