This place gets an A+ and two thumbs up from me.
Jeff is very helpful and will guide you through your whole printing process.
He also has the biggest sublimation printer in town!
So for those complex all over prints or simple work uniforms, make sure to stop by.

Great place to do business- Jeff went out of his way to get my order completed early- give him a try...

When I was looking to have a few shirts printed with some custom artwork, I sent emails to many businesses.
A few did not even bother to respond to my inquiry.
A couple others wouldn't even consider my order because it was too small.
Two companies did respond but the prices were higher than I was prepared to pay, and one could not complete the order by the date I needed the shirts...   Then there was Jeff at Genre Sportswear.
Genre Sportswear specializes in smaller orders and performance apparel.
Not only was Jeff one of the first to respond, but his pricing was a good 30-40% lower than the other quotes I received.
Jeff and I exchanged numerous emails before I actually placed my order.
He was always quick to respond and always answered all of my questions.
He helped create the right artwork for the shirts, adding and tweaking text until it was precisely what I wanted.
Genre Sportswear uses a sublimation printer, which results in a long lasting look that will never crack or peel off.
Rather than selling me boring, basic cotton shirts he provided me with 'dry fit' shirts and tanks, made of material similar to what athletic jerseys are made out of.
The shirts were completed days before I actually needed them, and they came out exactly as I wanted.
I plan on ordering more shirts from Jeff in the future and recommend anyone looking to have custom apparel made contact Genre Sportswear for a quote.

Love their work.
Enthusiastic about there job and devoted to making sure you get exactly what you want.
They do quality work with postive attutide.
Price is very reasonable and affordable.
Would recommend there services to anyone looking to get shirts, ect done in a timely manner.
I need these shirts done in a couple of days for a work function and he got it done no question asked.
I will be back to get work done for my Family Reunion!!

Best quality designed t-shirts at unbeatable prices.
Jeff went above and beyond to make sure the shirts I ordered were exactly how I needed them to be.
The turn-around time was really fast and the quality of the shirts and design was way better then expected.
highly recommended and I will definitely be back for more.
A++++++

The team shirts came out great for our Spartan Race in Sept. in So.
Cal.
Jeff the owner was very helpful and professional.
Great quality printing on our Under Armour shirts.
I highly recommend his business to anyone that needs to get some shirt printed.

