Found these guys online and gave them a call.
I had a very heavy safe to move and also needed my locks re-keyed.
They got back to me promptly by email (I had sent an email to them for first contact) and proceeded to respond quickly to all my questions.
They were able to meet my schedule and called to let me know they were on the way.
They moved the safe (no easy feat) and were professional, careful, clean and polite.
They re-installed the safe at the new place and then re-keyed all the locks while they were at it.
I have had the safe moved before and it was always a hassle and never done right.
These guys were awesome (the owners do the actual work).
Any lock work or safe work I need done, I will definitely use them.

Very quified and responsible!

Roger was amazing.
He came out within hours of calling, finished an hour before I expected, explained everything that was wrong and what/why he had to repair, was polite and very professional.
I will be referring Arizona Key Guys to anyone that needs key service and will go there for all of my key needs.
I came home and my boyfriend said, " Gosh I want to call Roger just to thank him AGAIN for getting my car up and running again and for doing such a great job in one afternoon.
" So there you go Roger.
Thanks again!

Locked out during a dust storm.
Came over immediately and had us in our home within minutes.
Very reasonable pricing and great service!

I was referred to these guys from a co worker and I am BEYOND happy my with results.
You can't beat the price either!
Roger is very good at what he does and had my new keys remade and programmed in no time!
He's very attentive.
PLUS he gave me a spare key as well!
:) Definitely going to refer him to all my friends, neighbors and coworkers!

We were really impressed.
After being told by several locksmiths that they didn't do the work we needed done, we came across "Arizona Key Guys".
We had a semi-tractor that needed a new ignition key and door keys.
We had the parts but we didn't have the expertise to install it all.
Roger came out and fixed it all in a very short time.
It was all installed in a very professional manner.
I would recommend them highly to any of my family or friends.
Professionalism  A+ 2.
Speed and accuracy A+ 3.
Pricing A+ (very reasonable)

I needed my transponder remote programmed and was referred to Roger because he had the equipment needed for my car model.
He was available to meet within a couple hours and got the job done quickly and thoroughly.
He even took the time to talk to me about the process and answered other random questions I had about my car.
Definitely will use this company again in the future.

I contacted Roger a week ago to get a quote and scdehule a time for getting our locks rekeyed.
Bottom line is simple - he was prompt, did a great job, very professional and came in at what I was quoted.
Very happy and will use him for future needs.

I recently moved into a new home that was previously a foreclosure.
I had keys for the front door but none for the garage and needed to get the house re-keyed.
After finding Arizona Key Guys online I promptly used their website scheduler to schedule for the next day.
I quickly heard from Roger via email who confirmed my appointment and gave me an upfront price.
The next day Roger showed up on time and re-keyed faster than I expected.
He was done in about 20 minutes and even gave me some tips on how to keep myself safe around the house.
The price was exactly what he quoted and the quality of work was top notch while the timing to complete it blew my mind.

