Always a fan of an L and L Hawaiian Barbeque and now I have one right around the corner!
:)  Order the chicken katsu and you won't go wrong!
Tonight I picked up some BBQ chicken, chicken katsu and some spam musubi.
Typical order right?
Hope this location does great!
Same great food!

Food as always is delicious the place was busy busy and short staffed but they were doing a good job.
Warning its worse that dinning inside a McDonald's play pin.
So many screaming kids.

Yay!
They're finally open in the former Shari's Shiny Diner.
Stop in for the grand opening special - buy 1 get 1 50% off, which is also valid for to-go orders.
It's an after thought to most, but their mac salad tastes much much better than other L & L's.
The phone # isn't readily available on yelp or their website yet, so here you go:  (702)869-9898.

Love the dinner style decor, different from back home and the rest here.
Food is great!

More fat than meat.
Had spicy chicken & beef combo.
Flavor was good, but quality of meat was as bad as it gets.
I asked for recommendation when I ordered, I can't imagine anything worse.
I will need to go someplace else to eat, only 25% of the meat was edible.
Other reviews must have been written by owners or workers there.
Unable to recommend this to anyone but the family dog.

If you are looking for a simple healthier meal that is fast, L & L has you covered.
They have great BBQ Chicken and pork.
Oh and spam!
You can call ahead and just pick up your order to go too.

Yay!
Finally a Hawaiian BBQ place closer to where I live.
I hated driving so far just to get some from Maui Rose on Tropicana.
Apparently this place had been under construction and is now RE-OPEN.
The restaurant is huge and roomy with the old American diner look.
You have the option of sitting by the counter on stools or in the little booths with the cushion chairs!
There was AC too so I felt supeeer comfy.
The menu they have offer a lot of things that typical hawaiian bbq places do, from the BBQ combination platter, spam musubi, BBQ burger, etc.
They also offer a "Atkins" menu for low carb eaters, and a section if you would like to switch out for brown rice instead.
They have 2 sizes in which you can order, the "mini" or the "regular".
The mini comes with only one scoop of rice and one scoop of macaroni salad, the regular comes with 2 scoops of rice and 2 scoops of macaroni salad.
*this is what the cashier told me so correct me if I'm wrong!
*  I ordered the BBQ combination plate which has the BBQ chicken, BBQ beef, and short ribs, the bf ordered the BBQ burger and spam musubi.
We decided to eat at the restaurant so we could enjoy the AC and comfy chairs.
The tables have sriracha, and aloha brand Hawaiian soy sauce, yum!
Our order came and I was surprised that the food still came in a styrofoam box even though we ordered to dine in, but oh well, it will be easier to take home leftovers.
My food was delicious, so much meat and my macaroni salad was good also.
I think my favorite was the BBQ beef, they were yummy and thin and flavorful, reminds me of the steak or brisket you get from pho haha.
My bf enjoyed his BBQ burger but enjoyed his spam musubi way more, he enjoyed it so much he tells me to make some so he can take to work now.
Great, now I need to find a musubi mold and Hawaiian soy sauce.
Service was good, though the cashier girl could smile a bit more or be a bit more cheerful?
The gentleman was nice enough to give me a free refill, so woop woop!
This place is going in my bookmarks so I can definitely come back here again.

I love the L&L Hawaiian Barbecue franchise but I will not be going back to this location.
Been there twice, first time was on the grand opening.
That day I wasn't too sure if it was ready to open.
I chose to dine in, so we grab a booth and waited for our food.
The food portion that day was okay, I've has bigger portions at other locations in the valley,not to mention they ran out of rice, which IS the main staple of hawaiian food.
They ran out of rice at 11:30 am, and we were one of three customers in the restaurant at the time.
And Renovation was still going on as we sat in our booths and ate.
Given the benefit of the doubt, I returned for a second time.
This time as a take out order on my way to work.
I ordered the chicken katsu plate.
The chicken katsu looked great however when I took it in my car and opened it, I found that there wasn't any rice.
It was green salad.
Took it back inside and told them that I didn't order green salad, I ordered the rice.
They told me they ran out.
Yet instead of giving me an option to get something else or to choose, the took it upon themselves to give me the salad.
After the discussion, I didn't make a stink of it.
I just took my food and vowed to never eat there again.
I just hope they get it together, or it'll hurt the brand.

FAVORITE L&L place in Las Vegas thus far!
They remodeled this little diner and made it their own.
It's different but still cute!
I always get their chicken katsu, and I love getting it here because they put a lot of chicken!
Other places don't even put as much katsu as they do.
However, I will complain that they don't add enough of the sauce in the little plastic cups :( They're always 1/3 full, and that isn't even enough for all the katsu they give.
Despite that minor complaint, I will always find myself coming back to this place!

I love the food.
Great hospitality, cool little dinner.
Can turn this skinny Korean into a fat Hawaiian.

A local chain of Hawaiian restaurant.
Resembles a 50's diner.
This restaurant's price is more like "$$" not "$".
_____________________ Food Quality: 3 I've been here once.
We had the curry chicken "katsu" cutlet, and the bento meal.
The curry chicken comes with some pulled pork in it.
The bento meal comes with BBQ chicken, a piece of fish, some beef, some BBQ chicken.
All the meals came with macaroni salad.
It was pretty on par with Hawaiian.
The portions were so large that I could only eat half my meal, again, on par with Hawaiian.
Overall I was pretty satisfied with the price value of my food.
This single meal made 2 or 3 meals as left overs.
It cost over $20 for the two of us to eat here, so I seriously contest the single "$" categorization.
They also offer burgers for people who might be too finicky to eat the Hawaiian fare (kids).
What I'd get here: the bento meal.
_____________________ Service Quality: 5 This restaurant straddles the line between fast food and a sit-down restaurant.
You order up front, and they bring your order to you.
The service was fast, and friendly for a fast food joint.
+1 friendly.
+1 fast.
Time it took from ordering to get the food to the table: roughly 10 minutes.
_____________________ Ambiance and Location: 5 This restaurant is pretty easy to spot.
It looks like a 50's diner, and it's right by Charlie's Down Under and a Walgreen's.
They have a plush claw game and some sticker vending machines for kids.
The style is the one thing that this restaurant has going for it.
If I had to describe it, it'd be that '50's hawaiian place.
' +1 original theme.
+1 accessible, easy to spot location.
If I had to take someone here it would be: family, kids.
_____________________ Cleanliness: 5 This restaurant is clean, but I didn't get a look at the bathrooms.
+2 clean with an A rating.
Worst health code rating: A.
Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(4.5) = 4

Was happy to see L&L open in a closed diner location on Buffalo & Lake Mead next to Grape Street.
I stopped by for some take out at 6pm and it was empty.
Service was awkward.
The two cooks at the grill were staring out at me because they had nothing to do.
The lady at the counter was not very friendly.
I ordered Chicken Katsu Curry, Chicken Cutlet with Gravy, BBQ Mixed Plate, and a side of Lumpia.
The food was good...but I was not pleased that they would pour the gravy over the cutlets in a take out order.
I've never had to give special instructions to any restaurant to put the gravy on the side.
The cutlets were soggy when we came home.
:(  I've been to other L&L's and have had much better service.
If this is a franchised location, they need to be trained better.
If this is a corporate owned location, they need to be trained better.

Great service and delicious food.
Their bbq short ribs are amazing, and you get to choose the sides.
I love hawaiian food and I will definitely be a regular at this place from now on.

BAD SERVICE, RUDE!!!!
Went and ordered their chic curry katsu, curry on the side Togo.
They gave me gravy instead.
And I didn't even think to check it until I got home.
I called them and told them what had happened, the person on the phone told me that he would give me a brand new plate when I go back since I have to drive back there.
I sent my husband to pick up the plate and he came back with just the curry sauce.
He informed me that the guy that told me that he was going to give me the plate went to the back and went back on his words.
And in addition to that they were rude enough to speak in their language pointing at my husband.
A Business should not make promises that they cannot keep.
I did not have to send my husband back just to pick up some sauce!!

Food is getting less & less.
Not that great!
Lady here is just RUDE!
Takes long for your order even when you call it in!

This restaurant sucks they give you everything in to go boxes im like what the heck and i couldn't understand a word they said and the bathroom stinks so badly i wanted to cry and DONT get the saimin it tastes horrible

I don't know about you, but I'm a bit tired of just about ANYBODY being able to buy an L&L Hawaiian Barbecue franchise...then sending it to $h!+.
Seriously, a lot of you L&L owners are doing it WRONG.
If you're not Hawaiian or a resident from Hawaii, fine.
But dammit, some of you HAOLE (foreigner) owners are ruining the Hawaii restaurant's name!
Please, please, PLEASE learn about Hawaiian culture and Hawaiian ways!
Read a book.
Hire at least a Hawaii resident or two for good measure.
Why are just about NONE of the L&L Hawaiian Barbecues here in the mainland nothing like the ones back in Hawaii?
I'll tell you:  1) Food 2) Service  Simple but means so much.
I love how the owners of the original L&L Drive-Inn back in Honolulu came from humble beginnings to now being some of the richest people in all of Hawaii.
Hard work, perseverance, and the spirit of entrepreneurship paid off for them in spades.
For them they deserve great props.
But something just comes off as not inspiring when you branch out too much from your roots.
I wish there was more scrutiny when selecting new franchisees!
They can affect a brand name so much!
I get concerned because back in my island days of Maui I used to eat L&L quite a bit, it's like fast-food comfort for locals.
The food then was simple, uncomplicated, plentiful, affordable, and made with some form of integrity.
Most times you knew the cook, the cashier, the help staff.
Eating at L&L was one heck of a pleasure and a treat back home when I was younger.
Why?
Because livin' in Hawaii is HAHD.
Yes HAHD.
Most of us locals 'no can' eat out that often since food so expensive...restaurant dining was something you looked forward to.
So I care a lot when places like this become a bit 'bastardized' and start to lose the love.
Where is the love?
Sorry Black Eyed Peas, it ain't here.
I hate to say it, but the recent incarnations of L&L Hawaiian Barbecue are lacking authenticity.
Lacking punch.
NO MO' LOVE!
I am happy but at the same time I am sad.
While the original owners surely get lots of kickback for each L&L franchise started, a little piece of my childhood dies inside.
It cries, then dies.
Then dies again for dramatic effect.
We went here because this is the closest L&L by our house.
Tucked in a former diner, this L&L is just a façade of what lies inside.
A mess.
I'll start with the service.
Seems this L&L (like many of them) is owned by yet another Chinese family.
All of the employees that day were Chinese, which I mean no disrespect (I myself am 1/8 Chinese), but many of them were just not very welcoming.
Our cashier wasn't rude, but she wasn't exactly inviting either.
The cooks were hastily shouting out orders in Chinese, and food was constantly just being slopped into containers.
I suppose since it was busy all of us were being hurried along so our cashier could get orders in.
Not even a real "Hello" or "Welcome to L&L" when we entered.
Where is the local girl with the flower in her hair at the register that was always happy to see us when I was little?
Nani?
Lani?
Puanani?
No where in sight I'm afraid.
Like a candle in the wind goes my fond memories.
Even looking at the menu it's just not the same.
My nostalgia is kicking in but the prices for the food at L&L are kinda getting out of hand.
Really, like $8-$9 for a regular plate?
Even more if you like beef?
Whoa, brah!
Thought L&L was supposed to be a deal for families?
Expensive for what you get.
Next we'll go with the food.
I ended up getting my staple of a Chicken Katsu regular plate.
The wifey got the L&L Hawaiian BBQ Mix with teri chicken, teri beef, and short ribs.
The kid got a cheeseburger and fries combo with a drink.
Overall?
Really below average.
Thankfully the rice was Calrose and it was made decently.
The macaroni salad was CRAP, too much on the watery side and not enough flavor.
I added extra shoyu, pepper, and Tabasco to liven it up.
The entrees?
Not so great.
Chicken katsu looked golden brown on the outside but was pretty flavorless.
Would it kill you guys to season the chicken before you fry it?
The katsu sauce was thumbs down, another mixture of ketchup with who knows what.
This is why I often carry a bottle of decent katsu sauce (like Bulldog) if I know I want katsu.
Wife's BBQ Mix plate?
She didn't like it.
Too little food, and not flavored correctly.
What is up with the SUPER thin slices of beef, chicken, and short rib?
Small serving that left her hungry.
The kid's cheeseburger?
MEH, just a cheeseburger.
Not even a hand made patty like we used to have back at L&L (or just about any Mom & Pop eatery) in Hawaii.
Bun wasn't even toasted!
Fries were just plain crinkle cut.
I wasn't gonna even bother with authentic Hawaiian eats like a bowl of saimin or a Spam Musubi.
This L&L is just all kinds of depressing for me.
Mr. Kam & Mr. Flores, if you guys are still around please visit your stores and bring back the Aloha Spirit!

The food was good a bit overpriced but whatever.
The problem was the service the lady working at the register was unfriendly and unresponsive.
I had ordered the green salad instead of the Mac salad but instead she gave me the Mac salad.
I told her it was wrong and rudely she said it would be 50¢ more.
Waited 20 minutes then just left.
The lady that works there is brain dead.

Huge portions, even as a lunch mini we got tons of food.
The katsu curry was good and the lumpia was fresh.
Great prices, generous portions, and good service.

OMG I love this place.
I go EVERY FRIDAY!
Call ahead and its almost always ready by the time I get there, usually within 10-15 minutes.
I go so much she now knows my name and my order.
Im shocked to see people say they are rude.
Never once have they been rude, even before I became a regular and Ive never seen them be rude to anyone while I am in there.
I always get the combination plate Chicken Katsu and BBQ Short Ribs and my bf gets combination plate BBQ Chicken and Chicken Katsu.
Its quite a bit of food for $9 and some change.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
Its an old diner style place but big, spacious and ok.  Its not a 5 star restaurant but nice, esp compared to some of the ones I've been to around town.
Great place, great food, great price!

The food is pretty good for a chain restaurant.
The prices are very reasonable and portions are huge.
I ordered the Chicken Katsu with a side of gravy fries...hit the spot!
Katsu curry had corn in it; guess that's Hawaiian style?
Fires were the best, but only mediocre, would be better if gravy had more richness to it.
It's not the best I've ever had but far from the worst.
-I'm still really confused as to why they don't redecorate.
The entire outside and interior resembles a 50's diner...it's been like this since they opened and hasn't changed.
It would be more comfortable if they could change the decor and clean it up a bit; the right side of the restaurant has been under renovations for some time now and looks really shabby.

Whenever I want teriyaki chicken, I go to Aloha Kitchen.
It's my go-to spot, to the point where I realized there were probably other places I should hit up.
And that's the story of how I wound up at L&L.
So I walked in and immediately noticed the place isn't in the best shape.
I usually don't care too much about decor as long as service and food are on point, but this place could use some attention to detail.
It's more than someone needs to scrub that sucker down... someone with ADD needs to get in that piece and go to town.
That aside, the service was good.
I asked the girl at the counter if they had teriyaki chicken and she said yeah.
I ordered one of those plates and a barbecue platter.
Both plates were ok.... like if I were hungry and you offered me that, I would be ok.
But when you're mad jonesing for something, you need to get that something perfectly.
That didn't happen.
The teri chicken was liked some grilled chicken with a little bit of teriyaki sauce on the side.
The mac salad, even, was just ok.   Will I return here?
Maybe.
The food isn't bad and service was ok.
But will I return here when I'm mad for chicken teri?
No.

Great quality local Hawaiian food foe a great price.
Love the mac salad and Mochiko chicken.
Staff seems nice and also has a quiet environment.
Definitely going to become a regular Nom Nom spot.

I ordered the Lau Lau / Cabbage & Shredded Pork Combo for lunch.
The Lau Lau Pork was literally enshrouded in leaf and when I finally got to the pork I found out it was fish!
They didn't even give me the right order...so I had shredded pork and fish.
The shredded pork was scantily studded with pork shreds, could have been a bit more generous on the pork.
Gravy Fries were the best part!

Decided to try this place again hoping the lady had a bad day prior.
Guess what same RUDE service as the last time!
Plus it's so hot in here with no air conditioning!
Worth driving up to the W. Charleston location.
No wonder we were the only ones there!

Service is HORRIBLE.
They didn't even answer the phone & I called 4X.
And its not the first time.
I get here & it's not that busy.
Im not sure what happened to the other young lady but she greeted everyone w a smile.
I come here weekly but that is coming to an end and FAST.
Im so disappointed.
My fav place is now becoming a bad experience.
Hope the owners are reading the reviews because the young lady here now is not cutting it & you are losing a faithful weekly customer

We have visited this location a few times as it is right next door and very convenient.
When the franchise opened I was beyond ecstatic as I fell in love with LL when I lived in Hollywood.
After discovering it there I must've eaten LL once a week for a year straight.
My enthusiasm was soon shot down by this place as a whole.
The inside of the diner is visually unappealing, the counter person is ALWAYS RUDE and the beef bbq is seemingly always, without fail, tough and/or chewy.
My overall opinion is if I wanted bad Hawaiian bbq with a shitty attitude I'd make it myself.
Needless to say, I shan't be a regular.

First time customer, very good food, especially the chicken.
I tried 4 different types of meat.
The chicken bowl is excellent.
Mei offered us the best customer service!
She was insightful, kind, and patient.
Checked on us several times for refills, extra to go orders, etc.
Worth driving a little father to this location if need be.

Decent Hawaiian take out from a bizarre former-diner space.
Check for signage all around the front desk for specials on lumpia, rangoons, and (wait for it)-- RAMEN BURGERS.
Didn't try that this visit, though.
Opted for the "healthy" garlic shrimp plate- $10 for fried shrimp topped with a bunch of chopped garlic on top of about a pound of brown rice.
Making rice brown doesn't inherently make it healthy, but props for trying.
I will go back for the Spam musubi though- it's essentially spam nigiri, but it's enormous and surprisingly delicious, savory with just the right amount of gravy not to make it too messy.

