AMAZING cupcakes, prices and atmosphere!!
I love this shop!!
Just opened about a week ago, and I went in to check the place out and buy some cupcakes.
I was greeted by the two owners Jared and Stephen.
They were so nice, letting me try a sample before my purchase.
They not only make cupcakes, but designer custom cakes, cake lollipops, cake push pops, candies and cookies!!
And the prices are cheaper than anywhere else I have been in town.
So glad that they are open now, and I know I'm gonna get fat from all of their goodies!

I've been waiting for the shop to open because even the store front sign looked incredible- hands down amazing store!!!!
The presentation is stellar, the prices are more than fair; loved the selection and the push up cake pops and bubble gum mini cup cuties were awsome!
My daughter was sick and we were heading home from the Dr. but I had to stop once I saw the 'open' sign!
I looked a hot mess and the place was so beautifully designed I almost felt bad being such a wreck in their gorgeous store.
Seriously, this bakeshop drips with high end fabulous glitz!
I dashed home with my cup cakes and my daughter and I devoured them!!!
Not only is the presentation lovely but the cup cakes themselves were insanely delicious- the cake was soft and perfect.
Easily the best cupcake I've had in ages because most cupcake boutiques seem to fall short with the cake consistency... Not showboys though!!!
I never write yelp reviews but I loved the bake shop so much I just hand to applaud them with a standing ovation!!!
They also have a patio with tables and umbrellas so I can't wait to make a cupcake escape with my girlies!

Couldn't wait for this place to open and stopped by here the other day.
They bake the best cupcakes in Vegas by far!
The cupcakes were dense and moist with wonderful frostings.
Unlike most cupcakes, their cupcakes are not overly sweet so you can taste all the fresh, rich and delicious ingredients in each bite.
I tried the red velvet, blueberry lemon and bubblegum cupcakes.
And the people that worked here or owned the place were simply delightful.
I can't wait to try more!

Such a fantastic shop.
Literally everything about it.
The decor, the service and holy moly what a variety!
Cake pops, cake push pops, cupcakes in such unique flavors with a few classics (you've gotta try the rainbow sherbet one.
I'm addicted.
They've been open about a week and I've had 2....not including the 6 pack of variety I picked up!!
), they have chocolate covered buttercream balls, chocolate covered cookies in cool molds...so many options!
I love the decor too.
It's so classy and fancy without fancy high prices.
It's definitely cheaper than other shops in town without a doubt.
The service is great!
The owners are always there which is so awesome and gives a great personal touch.
No kids that know nothing behind the counter~they've got the professionals!
They also do really cool cakes!
Literally in any kind of crazy decor you can possibly imagine.
They've got some cakes on display in their "Show" room (get it???
ShowBoy...Showroom?
Ha!
) and they are so well done.
Like better than stuff you see on TV.
That goes for custom cupcakes too!
There's nothing these guys can't do.
I know they'll do great and I plan to be back often.
Maybe even today.... Yummmm.

Amazing cupcakes.
We had orange and chocolate peanut butter and a rainbow sherbert.
I think the choco one was called the composer.
The frosting tasted like my favorite peanut butter cookie and the cake was moist but the top was almost brownie like in texture.
Awesome.
Giving a five star review because it is deserved.
My one complaint is the nice boxes that are like cute little chinese food boxes.
Nice idea and likely expensive but very clunky to use.
Hard to get your beautiful cakes out without making a mess.
That complaint is like saying a supermodel leaves her dishes in the sink......
I'll deal with it.

Showboy Bakeshop is a hundred times better than Freeds.
The cakes are more creative and taste better, the cupcakes are out of this world, the unique push up cupcakes (you have to see them to believe them) are the BEST.
Go there and see for yourself.
You will be going to Showboy from now on.

This place is amazing!
First visit last weekend.
Tried their cupcakes and they were the best I have had in town!..
and I love cupcakes so that is high praise!
My 18 month old granddaughter absolutely loved the cake pops.
Can't wait to try a custom cake for a special event as the ones I saw in the bakery that day looked incredible.
Terrific addition to our Anthem/Henderson area and worth a drive if you live across town.
Hope they eventually decide to open for at least a few hours on Sundays.
Will be back for sure & spreading the word to family & friends to check them out.

I had the mini cupcakes and they were like little bon bons and beautifully decorated.
But more importantly they were just delicious.
I understand this is a new bake shop.
You should give it a try.
Delicious.

Wow!
Located conveniently on S. Eastern in the Anthem shopping center Showboy Bakeshop is literally as good as it gets!
They have a cute little store front.
Great prices between $2-$3 for cupcakes.
The variety of flavors they offer will leave everyone satisfied with their selection.
Might I add friendly service.
On our first trip we decided to try the Peach, chocolate with bavarian cream (The Composer), and the the Orange.
Hands down the Peace cupcake was by far the best pastry I have ever eaten.
Words almost cannot do justice.
The cake was moist the frosting delectable.
Together it was a melt in your mouth foodgasm.
I must say that they must add some kinda of infused oils because those flavors didn't just come out of a fresh peach.
I'm going to stop here because you must try it to know what I mean.
Enjoy!
and before you even take your first bite.
I told you so.

Could not have been happier about the cake baked for our grandmother's 80th birthday.
We had a surprise party, and the cake was the biggest hit.
Delicious flavors and decorated perfectly.
Showboy is a true gem in Anthem and definitely worth the trip if you're craving sweets or planning for a special occasion.

Loved the two cupcakes we tried.
I had the spiced carrot cake and hubby had the peach one.
I have to agree with another review that their cupcakes are better then Freed's.
Haven't had them make us a cake yet but I will look into it the next time we need one!

I was in about a month ago and spoke with Stephen,  one of the owners, he was a doll and everything looked dreamy.
The shop is really cute and they do offer coffee, however you can only sit outside because they don't offer a bathroom for customers.
(China a Go-Go next door has a few tables) anyway.
I took may cupcakes and off I went.
They did have a large variety to choose from.
And I did have to pace myself so I chose the Coconut Cream and the Chocolate Cupcake.
They do donate all bakery that is left over at the end of the day so I thought that was really great.

this place, the owners, & the goodies are definitely a complete 5star experience!!
i finally got the chance to try them recently (my work hours hadn't allowed me to go, but i had my eye on the cute shop for quite a while!
) upon my arrival, not sure of the hours i got out to check the sign only to find out i had arrived 6 minutes before opening.
ugh!
i had to meet a client, so 6 minutes adds up quick!
to my delight & surprise as i approached the door to read the sign, the guy inside flipped the open sign!!
who does that these days?!
open 6 minutes early?
an owner who cares about his business that's who!
once inside those 6 minutes seemed to have evaporated in an instant as i found myself in bakery bliss.
omg!
everything was stunning, both decor & food!!
i am very detailed & notice things that other people may never see.
i must say, these "showboys" know what they are doing!
they were soooo helpful, using the most descriptive words to explain the cupcakes.
painting a picture with their words, so much so you could probably picture it if your eyes were closed.
perfection,...that's this little goodie stop nestled at the base of anthem.
i have since followed on instagram, the product they deliver is such individual & unique experience for each request made i decided to order my daughters sweet16 cakes/cakelets/&cakepops.
so excited to see what their creative minds come up with.
all that and i of course must mention,...the cupcakes are heavenly!
they smell just as amazing as they look and taste.
everything looks so yummy, i would love to try it all, but i gotta pace myself :] they also have chocolate covered oreos & if you didn't know, you wouldn't know that's what it is!!
oh and lastly,...their baked goodies DO NOT have hydrogenated oils in them...whaaaaat?!
check them out, you won't be disappointed!

Showboy BakeShop is hands down the best in the valley!
:) The personalized service you receive from Jared and Stephen is exactly what makes this place special.
I recently ordered my husbands birthday cake.
I told Jared and Stephen that my husband worked at Leslie's pool supply and enjoyed working on his pool at home.
A week later I picked up the cake.
I was literally moved to tears!
The cake was perfection!!!!
Jared and Stephen genuinely care about their business but that also genuinely care about the customers they serve.
This is definitely a gem in our neighborhood!!!
By the way, the cake was moist, tasty, and just perfect.
My husband loved it and he has never said that about ANY of the cakes I have made!
;) I am forever a lifelong customer because I feel as though I am valued and appreciated every time I walk in the door.

this place, the owners, & the goodies are definitely a complete 5star experience!!
i finally got the chance to try them recently (my work hours hadn't allowed me to go, but i had my eye on the cute shop for quite a while!
) upon my arrival, not sure of the hours i got out to check the sign only to find out i had arrived 6 minutes before opening.
ugh!
i had to meet a client, so 6 minutes adds up quick!
to my delight & surprise as i approached the door to read the sign, the guy inside flipped the open sign!!
who does that these days?!
open 6 minutes early?
an owner who cares about his business that's who!
once inside those 6 minutes seemed to have evaporated in an instant as i found myself in bakery bliss.
omg!
everything was stunning, both decor & food!!
i am very detailed & notice things that other people may never see.
i must say, these "showboys" know what they are doing!
they were soooo helpful, using the most descriptive words to explain the cupcakes.
painting a picture with their words, so much so you could probably picture it if your eyes were closed.
perfection,...that's this little goodie stop nestled at the base of anthem.
i have since followed on instagram, the product they deliver is such individual & unique experience for each request made i decided to order my daughters sweet16 cakes/cakelets/&cakepops.
so excited to see what their creative minds come up with.
all that and i of course must mention,...the cupcakes are heavenly!
they smell just as amazing as they look and taste.
everything looks so yummy, i would love to try it all, but i gotta pace myself :] they also have chocolate covered oreos & if you didn't know, you wouldn't know that's what it is!!
oh and lastly,...their baked goodies DO NOT have hydrogenated oils in them...whaaaaat?!
check them out, you won't be disappointed!!
best most moist cake i ever tasted!
and completely customized!!
every last detail touched to perfection!
& the cake pops?
!...it was almost a wrestling match for the last few!
also amazing -of course!
MOVE over freeds,...there's a NEW BAKESHOP in TOWN :]

Love Love Love this place!
I cannot count how many times I have been there, I think we have tried just about all the cupcakes :) The Director (yummy Chocolate Goodness) and the Rock Opera( Bubble Gum) is my 3 yr. old's fave :) but all are so good.
The Choc Covered cherries and Oreo cookies are yummy too :)  Anything you get will be good!
Stephen and Jarrad are two creative genius' and are so nice to deal with too.

Hands down the best bakery ever!!!
These are absolutely the best cupcakes we've ever had and the cake designs are out of this world!

I ordered a cake for my boyfriends 50th birthday and I was so happy with the results!
More people were coming to the party than I had originally anticipated so I ordered some cupcakes to go with the cake.
I asked for a sailing theme and Stephen did a fantastic job.
The cake was beautiful and he learned how to tie different knots and put those on the cupcakes.
Beautiful job!!

GREAT GLUTEN FREE CUPCAKES FOUND HERE!
Showboy graciously donated 4 dozen mini gluten free chocolate and vanilla cupcakes, with a butter cream frosting and pink sprinkles to an event I was hosting on October 2nd.
The ladies loved it, the delicious bite size cakes were the life of the party!
For someone like me who has celiac disease it is so hard to find truly great gluten free cakes without it being dry and overly dense.
But luckily my search stops with them, these guys did an amazing job!
They also made me a gluten free birthday cake, and chocolate gluten free cupcakes with a salted caramel butter cream :)  Great job Stephen and Jared!
Nothing but love for you two!

I am so impressed with the Showboys!!
I can't remember ever having a better cupcake, and the variety is fantastic.
The staff is professional and welcoming, the shop is beautifully decorated, and the amazing aroma hits your nose the moment you walk in the door.
Heavenly is the only word that comes to mind.
Bravo Showboys, and thank you for being in our neighborhood!

Just stopped here since my friend and her daughter saw them on Cupcake Wars.
Very tasty!
I had a peanut butter chocolate (delicious), my friend had pumpkin with cream cheese frosting (delicious) and we bought a few others to take with us.
Stop by; they are so nice and the store is really cute!

This place has incredibly tasty cupcakes for a very reasonable price.
I had the chocolate cake with salted caramel cream cheese frosting, red velvet, and white on white.
Some of the best cupcakes I have ever had!

My absolutely new favorite cupcake/cake shop!!!
Jared and Stephen are amazingly talented and super friendly!
I have purchased my boyfriend's birthday cake (in the shape of a baseball) carrot cake flavor $35 and a dozen specialty cupcakes for my sister's and brother in laws wedding anniversary (that look like Tiffany &co boxes with a metal pendant with their initials on it)$45 salted caramel flavor.
Not only were the cake and cupcakes the moistest and perfectly sweetened cakes, but even the fondant was tasty, and I don't care for fondant!!
You've got to try one of their many cupcake flavors to see for yourself just how amazing they really are!!

I hate to say it but I probably won't be back :'( and I wanted to like it big time :'( actually I would give it 2 1/2 stars .
here's why I got 2 cupcakes one strawberry and champagne and the other I asked the nice owner he suggested the bluebell.
Im from l.a. and I was on a little getaway to see Donny and Marie at the flamingo and was on my way to the Laughlin to see their brothers and I felt like I must stop by.
The cupcakes in l.a. r way better and to me bigger as well.
Let me just say up front I HATE  frosting its hard sugary cavity proned and useless calories .
the strawberry and champagne cupcake was very pretty but the frosting was hard and to me uneditable I hate wasting but I had to rip it off and throw it out ..the cake was great but like I said its smaller than cupcakes in l.a. it may look big but its the updo from the frosting ugh.
The bluebell suggested by the owner on the other hand very good ..frosting was editable cake was good ..good suggestion so I gave it an extra star .
I'm not a big sweet fan anyway but I'll stick to my cupcake places in l.a. sorry I haven't found a good cupcake place in vegas :'(

I love ShowBoy Bakeshop.
I have been going there since the first day they opened and I am so happy they are in my neighborhood.
I have order several different custom cakes from them and I can't count how many cupcakes but I have never once been disappointed.
They are always delicious and moist.
A cake can be something personal for those special moments in life and the guys at ShowBoy understand that and always make your experience memorable.
I will never go anywhere else!
Plus, who doesn't love the broadway theme bakeshop!

I've been wanting to try Showboy Bakeshop for a few months, and finally got the chance today.
WOW!!
I've tried cupcakes at a few other places in town... Freeds, Cupcakery, Gigi's, etc, and was always disappointed... until Showboy!!
I bought a few different flavors to bring home to try out.
The first one we tried was The Big Top, kind of like rainbow sherbet... and it was really good... and I'm not usually a big fan of buttercream frosting, but this was yummy.
It really did remind me of rainbow sherbet, even that great smell!
So that was pretty good, so I was now looking forward to trying the rest... so then I tried a Pumpkin Spice cupcake... and WOW WOW WOW WOW... AMAZING, DELICIOUS, DIVINE!!!
For sure the BEST cupcake I've ever had!!
Moist, creamy, full of flavor but not gaggy sweet... absolutely PERFECT!!
That one cupcake alone put all others I've gotten at other places to shame!!
We will definitely be back for more of those soon!
We still have a Strawberry Bombshell and a couple of Red Carpet Red Velvet ones to try, but I'm sure we won't be disappointed!
There are some other flavors that I want to try, but they didn't have them today... more reasons to go back out there again!
Sadly, they aren't really that close to where I live... but after eating these so far, it's well worth the drive!!
And of course Jared & Stephen were both great, very friendly & helpful and as it turns out, super talented!!
I also hope to try a full-size cake one of these days, maybe special order a really cool custom cake!!
The ones I've seen are just stunning!
Love, love, love Showboy Bakeshop!!!
Truly the best cupcakes I've had, ever!!
Will definitely be back, & would highly recommend them to anyone!

I went in to Showboy Bakeshop to see if they had any sugar-free baked goods as my sister and I are diabetic and they are really hard to find.
The gentleman behind the counter told me that, yes, they did make them, but they would have to be specially ordered.
My sister is in the hospital due to complications from diabetes and I wanted to bring her one as a special treat so I ordered 2 vanilla with vanilla frosting and picked them up tonight on my way to see her at the hospital.
Were we pleasantly surprised!!!
The cake was so moist and flavorful and the frosting was like a light, fluffy cloud!
Usually, with sugar free baked goods, there is an unpleasant aftertaste, but not with these!
My sister and I savored every bite and I begrudgingly gave my mom a bite so she could taste the yummy deliciousness.
If the sugar free cupcakes taste this good, I can only imagine what the fully loaded ones taste like!
While there, I saw some of the most imaginative cakes in their window.
They were Alice in Wonderland themed and absolutely gorgeous with a wonderful attention to detail.
I will be ordering my sister's sugar free birthday cake from these lovely gentlemen in the near future!
If you want a real treat, please stop by and give the Showboys a try!
You absolutely will NOT be disappointed!

I had some time to kill recently in Henderson, so visited a few places I've never been to before.
Stop #1 was Showboy Bake Shop out in Anthem.
After I read about the bakery in the Las Vegas Review Journal (http://www.reviewjournal.com/entertainment/restaurants/henderson-bakery-gets-mix-it-cupcake-wars), I knew I had to check it out.
This cute place has been open since March, but I'd never heard of it at all, even amongst my active Yelp peeps.
According to the article, the owners were invited to compete on the Food Network's "Cupcake Wars" but since the article was written last month, it didn't say how the guys fared in the competition.
Well, I found out from Jared, the co-owner, that they came in 2nd place--no prize for 2nd, but they're a winner in my book because the cupcakes are the bomb dot com.
First of all, I love the theater theme of the place, apropos because Jared and his partner, Stephen, have a background in entertainment (see article).
Great decor and cool cupcake names, even one for "Wicked," my favorite musical.
Jared was manning the counter when I arrived and we talked about their competition and cupcakes.
So many tempting flavors to choose from, but I settled on one coconut, one cherry coke (Jared's suggestion), and one good old red velvet for the teen at $2.75 each.
Don't judge, but I left there and promptly devoured the coconut and cherry coke cupcakes in succession--OMG!
So good!
I've never had a cherry coke cupcake and, Showboy, it tasted just like its name!
I'm definitely a fan of this place, even though it's nowhere near where I live.
If you're anywhere near it sometime, give them a try.
Bravo--I'll be back!

I can not begin to express how talented Showboy Bakery is.
Stephen is a wonderful, kind hearted guy that will go the extra mile for you.
Recently, I brought in a picture from Pinterest of a wedding cake I wanted for my November 9th wedding.
Stephen said no problem and he would make sure it was perfect.
I had no idea that the cake would not only look like the picture, but far exceed anything I've ever seen before.
It was the most beautiful cake that I even hesitated cutting it!!
The flavored layers were amazing and this cake was by far the most photographed object of the night!!
Stephen could easily get away with doubling his prices because it was worth every bit of money.
I highly recommend Showboy.
They are perfect!

These cupcakes are so much better than other ones I've had!
I definitely recommend Showboy more than other places in town.
I don't normally like red velvet anything but I even liked this cupcake.

This place is incredible!
I drive by it all the time on my way out of Anthem and decided to stop in and see what it was all about.
The shop itself is gorgeous and decorated very elegantly.
Very upscale and inviting.
On the day that I visited they had about 20 different cupcake flavors to choose from so I decided to get 4.
The Red Velvet was by far one of the best I have ever had in my life and I am still craving their double chocolate!
The other two that I had were equally good and amazingly moist and light.
I find a lot of cupcake places to be a little heavy on the frosting and can be a little too much to eat.
Not these!
They also have several cakes on display in the store that were very creative and beautiful.
I will definitely be using them when I am in need of a custom cake!
Can't wait to head back and try some new flavors soon!

There's always room for another fabulous cupcake place and bake shop in our neighborhood.
Especially this one!
The custom designed cakes and cupcakes are gorgeous.
Makes me want to order their blingy Tiffany inspired cake just cause it will look pretty on my dining table.
My picks on this visit a Pumpkin truffle and a couple cupcakes:   Pumpkin Pie/Pumpkin Pie Cream Cheese frosting Cherry Cola cupcake w/cherry cola buttercream frosting Orange cupcake w/champagne buttercream frosting  I love champagne anything and that one cupcake just happened to be the empty tray called "The Bombshell" strawberry cupcakes w/the champagne frosting.
So Stephen offered to make me a couple of Champagne buttercream frosted with orange cupcakes instead right then.
Cool points x 10!
Thank you!!
All cupcakes were incredibly moist like they were just freshly baked.
The buttercream frosting was so light and smooth texture.
It's sweet but not overpowering.
They nailed it on the flavors on all the cupcakes too, especially the cherry cola one.
They also had cookies, cake pops, chocolates and frosting you can buy.
Yep frosting!
Sold as push up type pops or in a cup.
Their frosting was that good to eat alone!
The prices are pretty reasonable and are in line with what others charge in the area.
While waiting for Stephen to make my cupcakes, I browsed and ooh'd and ahh'd over all their creations they had on display.
It's must to come see!
Their shop is showbiz themed from top to bottom.
It's glitz'd & glammed all over.
Even the placards are lined with bling.
Yeah I know, I would catch that.
There's no dining or seating area inside but they have an outdoor patio with tables and chairs you can chill at.
Stephen and Jared are the ones behind all the creations and also are there to help you.
They are so nice, warm and friendly.
Our city should be so proud we have great choices of local bakeries to choose from, but I already made up my mind and these guys will be it to make the next cake for me.
My cakepop and cupcake fix continues.
You know because life is even more grand with cupcakes in hand!

I cannot put into words how incredibly grateful I am to have found these amazing people.
My sons bday party was today, I called yesterday at 4pm ish and without any hesitation I was presented with the most amazing cake.
All I did was call and say "I need a 2 tier cake, batman themed" and their creative awesomeness created one of the most amazing tasting/looking cakes I have ever seen.
And it was so incredibly cheap.
I am still so amazed at their willingness to create something so beautiful for me in less than 24 hours.
They saved the party.
The cake was moist and fluffy and the icing makes you melt.
I also bought some last minute cake pops while picking up the cake, fabulous.
We Vegas residents are so incredibly blessed to have these amazing artists in our city.
I will never ever go anywhere else, I bragged about them so much at the party.
Guys, if you're reading this, thank you so much for your amazing talent and incredible customer service.
You've gained a customer for life.

Honestly, this place is amazing.
I love the cupcakes and the quality of their work.
They put so much time and effort into their cakes and it truly is amazing.
I love the vibe and feel of the shop.
I love how the owner is so willing to go the extra mile to provide you amazing customer service.
They recently just catered an event my boyfriend had and it was perfection.
Everyone loved their treats and wanted more.
I know this place is truly a hidden gem in the anthem valley.
I would recommend this place to anyone that visits or comes to Vegas.
You won't get that amazing customer service anywhere else.
Everyone should come here.
I am getting all my cakes here from now on.

These amazing men have done birthday cakes for both of my girls.
Each time inventive and each time delicious.
Really that is all I need to say.
If you have an event and need a cake, these are the kinds of cakes you would see on TV, on something like Cake Boss.
Yummy and beautiful.

Well it is no surprise that every one of the previous reviews gave this shop 5 out of 5 stars.
I first tried them for Thanksgiving dessert and it was a huge hit among old-time Itaians.
The cup cakes were incredible...perfect ....down to every detail.
I now bought a custom made cake for my mother's 80th birthday ...its is the most beautiuful design of a cake ever!
Their shop is great to just walk into ....it is done to perfection just like their creations.
Go visit ..even if its just to buy a single cupcake.
Great job guys ...I highly highly recomend Showboy Bake Shop ...no way you would ever be dissapointed.

Wanting to have something very special and creative for a surprise 50th birthday, I wandered into Showboy Bake Shop and they had such a creative idea I just had to give them a try!
They did not disappoint me!
The cake was amazing, moist and dense enough to hold together, rich and flavorful!
The design blew everyone away with a 15 picture edible film strip with pictures of the birthday girl!
Just the right amount of color and bling too made it very special.

Super cute shop, super sweet owners!
Loved my cupcakes!
I got the cherry cola one and it was so tasty and moist!
One good thing for me was that it was too sweet to eat the whole thing in one sitting so I got to enjoy it's deliciousness the next day.
It is best to go early in the day to get the best choice in cupcakes, once they are gone, they are gone!
Highly recommend this place!

I've been going to Showboy for quite awhile & I really don't have anything bad to say!
They definitely have the best cupcakes in Vegas and their custom cakes are nothing short of amazing.
I've had 2 custom cakes done for kids birthdays; in both cases, I've been supremely impressed at the value - amazing work for very reasonable prices.
In general, the frosting are not over sweet and compliment the fluffy delicious cakes quite well.
My favorite flavors - the Pinup (cherry cola), the Big Top (orange sherbet) and the salted caramel.
Anything chocolate is deep and decadent.

Saw these guys on tv and had to try them out.
Bakery is fabulous with decor being super cool.
Loved the cupcakes and love supporting a local business that's not a franchise.
We will be back!!

Deliciousness wrapped in glitter!
I got my birthday cake from them and it was so yummy!

Ahhhh!!
I absolutely love this place!
I'm a nanny and take my girls here often to get cupcakes just for fun!
We are NEVER disappointed!
The flavor is amazing, the detail of the way each cupcake, cake or cookie looks and the staff is so friendly!
They really make you feel happier when you stop at this joint!
We will continue to make this a regular snack spot:)

Their cakes are delicious!!
We found this place on accident one day and are hooked.
The cakes are light and fluffy and frosting melts in your mouth.
My favorite is the red velvet and at Halloween the phantom.
Showboy is the best around.
You'll not be disappointed.
The guys are very professional and the shop is always clean.

The red velvet cupcakes are amazing.
Service is outstanding.
They were sold out of "The Red Carpet" cupcakes, so they made a special small batch just for me!
I cannot wait to return to try more of their products.

I wanted to like Showboy since I live so close, but ultimately I didn't even get to try their cupcakes.
I stopped there to get some cupcakes a few days before Valentine's Day.
I pulled up around 6:30pm after work, not knowing what time they closed.
The lights were still on so I was glad to be there before they closed.
I parked my car and starting walking up, just as a woman walked out of Showboy with a box of cupcakes.
The guy who was helping her held the door, looked at me (walking up), and then closed and locked the door.
I was literally feet away!
I went up to the door and knocked, ready to ask to just quickly go in and choose and leave, but there was no response.
I knocked several times, but the guy was nowhere to be seen.
Really lame.

I bought a dozen cupcakes to take to a girls night.
They were delicious!
We loved them all!
The shop is really cute too.
Service was very friendly.
It cost $30 for a dozen cupcakes.
A little pricey but they were so good & beautiful, they were worth it.
They were also featured on Cupcake Wars.
Definitely will be back for more yummy cupcakes!

ShowBoy BakeShop is AMAZING!!!!!
I love their cupcakes.
Best cupcakes in NEVADA!

I was soo excited to try this place based on the plethora of reviews.
Plus I love dessert.
It just didn't stack up on its own or compared to other local bakeries.
I might be missing something but this is not the amazing cupcake place/bakery it's hyped up to be.
I will start with the Pros, the decor is cute a little overdone but cute.
Service was pleasant and friendly,they had a sour apple sample which we tried, it tasted like a green jolly rancher, was lime green in color and left an after taste.
Cupcakes.
We ordered the carrot cake cupcake with an orange frosting, the strawberry cupcake, the chocolate with peanut butter and the chocolate with salted caramel.
The carrot cake was really dense and the frosting was reminiscent of orange flavoring you know like Tang.
The strawberry had no flavor and didn't taste like strawberry however it was a hot red color which was slightly off putting considering all the dye used to probably achieve that color.
The chocolate cupcake was redeeming but it wasn't amazing just Ok.
The frosting again however was just not good, the intensity of the flavors leave a strange after taste in your mouth.
The macaroons - I feel bad reviewing them but they sell them and we bought them so here goes.
We had two flavors the green apple and the salted caramel.
Texture: not a macaroon at all, they are hard and not airy like the usual macaroon.
Flavors were off.
They actual remind me of a shortbread cookie with icing between them.
As small as they are we  didn't even eat finish them.
2.50 or 2.75 +/- for one, I can't remember exactly but that's crazy for how bad they were.

I love Showboy Bakeshop!
The service is amazing.
I had a cake made for my son's birthday and they did exactly what he wanted!
The cake was so moist and everyone loved it!
I am never disappointed when I go here!
They are amazing at what they do and true artists!

So again on Valentines Day I procrastinated and at the last minute decided to get my boyfriend some cupcakes.
His favorite flavor is caramel so II was on a mission.
I found three bakeries and set out on my adventure.
The first place was not impressive stark white walls and cupcakes did not look good, second place had a nice selection of cookies but no cupcakes third place did not have anything close to caramel and lady at the counter was rude.
So, I sat in the parking lot looking for somewhere else, I stumbled upon Showboy and gave them a call.
Phew, they told me they always have salted caramel!
When I got there, walked in and fell in love, the colors of black, white, silver and red were beautiful.
Sparking bling touches in just the right amount to be glamourous and classy, not gaudy.
And the cupcakes looked like pieces of art and were in flavors like Boston cream pie, Devils food, champagne, chocolate cherry, cotton candy, red velvet and plenty more.I got four cupcakes and took them home for my boyfriend, lucky he shared and my oh my what a treat!
The Boston cream was one of the best cupcakes I have ever had.
Yum, yum yum!!
Thanks for saving the day Showboys!

My fiance and I stopped in here to pick up some treats.
We often get the craving for something sweet and enjoy trying new places.
We decided to stop in after reading many of the reviews here.
It took a bit to get there since they are in Anthem but no big deal.
When you first walk in you immediately understand the name.
We ordered a couple of cupcakes and a macaroon.
I was immediately let down the by the macaroon, it was as if two cookies were put together with some filling in the middle.
Macaroons should be flaky and flavorful.
This was neither.
We ordered four different cupcakes and they were.
ok. .
i felt as if we could have gotten them from any supermarket.
Sorry, but we wont be making the trip back

I have been to Showboy a few times since they have open and I am pleased with their product of baked goods.
I like that they add new items to their menu each month.
I am a huge fan of their carrot cupcake.
Always consistent and tastes great.
I would recommend this bakeshop.

We drove by a few times before finally stopping in.
Interior deco and atmosphere was great.
We were greeted right away.
Great selection of cupcakes as well.
We picked out 4 to try-coconut, chocolate, red velvet and hazelnut swirl.
Thumbs up for taste from everyone at home that tasted!

I ordered a dick cake for my friend's bachelorette weekend party in Vegas and it turned out amazing!
Almost too graphic but super hilarious.
The contour and details!
It was definitely a cake my friends and I will never forgot!
Also, the taste of the cake was superb!
Super moist and rich it couldn't have been more perfect.
Thank you so much for the custom cake and will be ordering another cake sometime in the near future!!

They had me at cupcakes!
Their vanilla cupcake is amazing as is their peanut butter & chocolate.
The staff is great.
Excellent guilty pleasure!!

I know I have left one review already....
But I just can't stop talking about how great this place it!!!
I ordered a custom cake from them for a friends baby shower, and it was amazing!!!
Not only did Jared and Stephan listen to what I wanted, they exceeded my expectations completely!!
They were able to take my idea and turn it into something more than I could ever imagine!!
They are amazing!
Not only did the cake look beautiful, it was delish as well!!
A huge hit at the party!

On a quest for cupcakes to celebrate it being Friday with my two young daughters, we stopped into Showboy!
Very cute place, my girls ohhed and ahhed at the displays.
We were warmly greeted and waited on.
My girls chose a double chocolate cupcake with chocolate butter cream frosting and a cinnamon cupcake with cream cheese frosting.
These were gorgeous cupcakes...  the chocolate was lightly sprinkled with what appeared to be sugar flakes and the cinnamon was dusted with gold flakes and had angle wings on it.
Very pretty.
I had a bite of each one and they were DELICIOUS!
Probably the best cupcakes I have ever had (besides ones from a cupcake shop in Traverse City, Michigan).
Two gorgeous yummy cupcakes came to $5.50.
We will be back to celebrate anything really.
CUPCAKES!

Ok. HaD to give this place a try..
Came in the afternoon and they still had a good variety of cupcakes remaining.
But not all..
The guy that greeted me immediately was very helpful.
I asked for a dozen of his best cupcakes and a couple of cupcakes in a cup.
Bill came out to around 44 bucks.
Had everything boxed in minutes and made me a fresh salted caramel cupcake.
The cupcakes themselves weren't very spectacular looking.
They looked like regular cupcakes.
With fancy frosting and decoration.
** Thts is what made them good**  Cake to frosting was spot on.
Not too much frosting that you have knock off 3/4 of it or you'll go into a diabetic coma.
Great job guys.
Favorites: must try Chocolat / chocolat Blueberry / lemon Carrot cake/ orNge creAm Banana  Least favorite: All things red velvet and/or cinnamon tasting.

We went for a ride and came upon this place.
WOW, what a treat.
Stephen (?
) was a doll and very helpful and friendly.
Super cute rockin' décor and awesome displays.
it isn't simply a bakery more of an experience.
The cupcakes and items are almost too cute to eat.
I wanted to try them all but of course only got two, one for me & one for Dad.
Banana cupcake... wow, authentic banana taste.
Over the top good.
Wish I had waited to eat and taken my time, that is how good it was.
Dad got the Carrot cake and he is very picky and even he loved his.
If we lived closer I'd have to exercise non stop to make up for all the cupcakes I'd be tempted to consume in a week, But I live far away so I guess I'll get to be a lazy bum and just eat healthier yet sit around :) .
But you can bet my birthday will have this place bookmarked ( and so should yours!).
Top notch, professional , friendly, attention to detail, clean.
Highly recommended.
What a REAL bakery is and should be.

This review is for cake pops only!
My friend has been raving about this place for forever, but it is so far into Anthem, I had never even been that far south on Eastern.
So, I decided I needed cupcakes for a party for next week.
I headed down there yesterday.
The cupcakes looked good, but I did not partake.
My daughter did sample the bubble gum and liked it.
We brought home the chocolate chocolate one for her, but she was desperate for her cake pop.
To be honest, I couldn't blame her.
The cake pops looked amazing.
I was so excited to try them.
I had purchased a variety for my household.
I ate the strawberry first.
The cake was so delicious.
The only regret was that the cake pop wasn't bigger because I wanted more.
Oh!
The 8 cake pops were gobbled up by the end of the day.
Excited to pick up my two dozen cupcakes for next week.
I think that they will blow the girls minds!

Amazing cupcakes and our son loves their cake pops

This place is awesome!
I saw the great reviews on here and decided to order a bachelorette cake for my sister.
Not only was it awesome looking, but it was soooo DELICIOUS!
The only bad part was that it tasted TOO good and I couldn't stop eating it!
Thanks Showboy!

FABULOUS Broadway themed decor.
I walked in and wanted to start belting out show tunes.
I went just before closing and they still had a great variety of cupcakes, although he said the most popular (salted caramel) was sold out.
The cake is fantastic and the frosting even better.
My only complaint is my friend and I tried the Chocolate Chip Showich, and the cookies were way too crispy.
The cream cheese frosting in the middle was wonderful, but who wants to eat a crunchy cookie?
I want gooey and chewy personally.
But other than that, fantastic service, beautiful decor, delicious flavors!

I ordered a cake for a baby shower.
The design came out perfect and it was delicious.

