Very nice location.
They had quite a wide selection of items to meet just about anyone taste, and everything was reasonably priced.
The men's clothing selection was rather small, but there was tons of women's clothing, furniture and home supplies were plentiful.
Would definitely recommend to anyone!

Wonderful consignment shoppe!
I can spend hours in this store.
Organized very nicely, great prices on clothes.
Furniture seems to be priced on the high side that's why I'm giving it 4 stars.
Staff is very friendly.

BUYER BEWARE!
Before you consign you goods to this store think twice as they claim they are not responsible for your items if they get lost or stolen after you leave them there.
I went to get 2 items out that they did not sell in the 90 days and 1 of the items could not be found int their store, (expensive Hudson jeans).
After going from 2 employees they got the manager who rudely told me to bad, so sad, we are not responsible for anything that comes to our store.
WHAT??
So if I bring in 20 items and 19 go missing too bad?
She even said they have a lot of theft and there is nothing they can do.
Thought this was the worst customer service of any company I have ever heard of.
I would rather go to Name Brand Exchange where you get money for your clothing right on the spot and things do not go "missing".
Just saying!

Great consignment store in my opinion!
Neat, clean, lots of space, everything clearly marked.
Home department is beautifully decorated and displayed with all items for sale.
I could have spent hours there.

Love the Tempe store, but not this one.
Felt stupid walking up to the counter with bags of clothes, the lady at the consignment counter just stared at me and asked me "how she can help" I'm obviously there to consign so I start explaining that and she states they only take appointments and hands me a piece of paper to read on how consigning works...very horrible customer experience at this store.
It was my first time trying to consign and she made me feel very stupid about it...

Nice place.
Found some really good  buys on the furniture side  Well organized.
Could use a few more vintage things, but that's just my taste.
I think my daughter would like it.
Friendly on the furniture side kind of snooty on the clothing side.

Horrible experience at this store.
I drove 40 miles to drop clothes off to consign only to get there a few minutes "after consignment hours".
The sales associate told me to leave my clothes with her and that someone would call the following day to let me know what they would be able to sell and to let us know what we could pick up.
I heard nothing the following day, so I called a few days later and was told "we thought you picked your clothes up".
Which was definitely not the case.
The lady said she would look into it and call me back.
Three days later I had not received a return phone call so I called again just to be told that they still did not know what happened to my clothes and would call me back.
Fast forward three more days and I called again, only to get the same reply.
Two weeks went by with me calling every few days and I finally got an answer that since I didn't come pick up my clothes the day after I dropped them off that they donated my clothes to charity and I was welcome to come get a donation slip.
If I had planned on donating my clothes I easily could have driven two miles to the nearest Goodwill.
And according to the paperwork that they gave me, they would donate clothes after 90 days...not after less than 24 hours.
Mind you, I dropped off over 40 articles of clothing, mostly maternity clothes from Motherhood Maternity and stores like that and Men's clothes purchased from Nordstrom.
They were not at all interested in being helpful or even trying to make the situation right.
After being directed to the District Manager I was told that they would give me $20 for my trouble and that they HAD in fact kept some of my clothing to try to consign, but decided it'd be best sold in the spring so they've put it in storage.
The first lady I spoke to told me that ALL of my clothes had been donated.
And now I'm being told that they actually did keep some to sell?
I explained that I am not interested in doing business with them so I would like to come get my remaining clothing.
She replied that it could be labor intensive to find my clothes so if it takes more than an hour to locate them that I will not be able to get my clothes back until after January when hopefully they can find them.
So based on this experience I am assuming that I will not in fact ever get my clothes back.
This may be a decent store to shop at but under NO circumstances would I suggest trying to sell clothes there.
I cannot believe the lack of customer service, their inability to return a phone call and their unwillingness to rectify situations in which they've made an error.
STAY AWAY from Turn Style...it's a HUGE waste of time and money.

Horrible customer service.
Employees ignored my request to pull and return my items and before looking for my items said they were probably stolen.
The consignment manager said to go home and she would call me if they found it.
The consignment manager complained of " so much theft at this store".
the corporate office is no help either, they won't even answer the phone.
The styles are old lady and out dated.
not even good vintage.
I am sure this is where leather goes to rot and polyester lives on forever!

clean store!
All of the items are clean and free of stains and gross smells haha.
Most consignment store you have to rummage through the bad stuff just to find a gem.
This place has tons!
It's easy to walk through and stuff is organized so it's not overhwhelming.
The manager always has a smile on her face.
I have consigned quite a bit of clothing and furniture and the manager always makes me feel like she will get me the best deal and put my stuff out in the open so it will get sold fast.
I love this place i recommend it to everyone!

MAKE THESE RUDE AND DEGRADING PEOPLE GO BACK TO WHERE THEY CAME FROM!!!
They must be from somewhere where people are cut-throat, rude, and criminally un trustworthy.
Because that is how they treat their customers.
The few times I've been in there, I have witnessed sellers getting treated poorly in one way or another.
This last time I was in, a kindly little old lady was being talked down to and scolded like she was a child.
I was outraged!
She obviously was physically disabled and the woman (manager?
) would not help her carry a box.
Not only that, but their policies on selling items is unscroupulous.
As residents of Arizona, we need to let them know that we are not going to stand for a business like this to be here in our state.
If you or someone you know has gotten ripped off or treated poorly by this business, please post your account of what happened.
If you read my other posts, you will see that I try to balance out my reviews.
I have nothing good to say about the management at Turn Style Consignment.
This kind of business does not belong here.

We've consigned items at this location on two occasions.
Both times we left feeling pretty blah.
The people receiving our items seemed bothered by having to do so, they seem to exert as little energy as possible when responding to questions or even pleasantries, and we've yet to hear a "thank you.
" So, as far as customer service for the consignee goes, thumbs down all the way.
We've made a few bucks -- more than we would have by just letting the items collect dust at our house.
As far as a shopping experience goes with them, the merchandise is nice, the prices range from reasonable to kind of high.
Customer service is a little better when you're a shopper vs. consigner -- but not much.
Good customer service just doesn't seem to be the culture at this location.
Neither does just being pleasant.
Too bad.
I would've liked to to like them.

I've been a consignee since they opened their doors - have taken clothes, furniture, and household goods.
Have also made purchases almost every time I stop by.
I stopped by today with a household item and Roxanne told me to bring it back closer to the Holidays when it would sell faster.
I appreciated her advice and decided to post on yelp.
I also picked up a check for over $200 - I couldn't be happier with their pricing  policy.
I was shocked to find any postings that were not positive for the store or the employees.
Do these people expect the sales people at Dillards to be their buddy?
Did Christine carry the package for the woman she was so concerned about?
Has she checked the policies at other consignment stores - 50% is pretty much the standard.
"Treated Poorly" is vague - what can that possibly mean?
Did anyone slam a door in your face, grab products from your hands, refuse to take your money, call you names?
Most likely they declined to accept something you had brought for consignment or your check for previous consignments was not what you expected.
Get over it - it's more than you'd get at a yard sale and a lot less hassle.
I highly recommend this store - always fun to find a treasure.

If I could give them a zero rating I would.
This consignment shop is a total scam.
We brought in 100's of dollars in housewares to consign, I was never contacted by them while our items were in there for any updates.
When I called in a few months after I was told we had a check for less than $5 for over 20 expensive houseware items.
I was in shock.
When I asked them why it was so low or why I was never notified to come get back my things, all they said was, "Everythiing was sold at 75% off.
" What the heck where they selling our stuff for, pennies?
There is no way the items I brought in that were high quality things from designer stores were sold that low.
This place is making a profit & lying to customers without notifying them of any change in your items & yet they have staff on all day who could be notifying customers of changes if items weren't sold, or have an automated systems like most businesses pay to have like we do for our business and our customers to give them a positive, honest experience.
The only reason you don't notify your customers of changes is because you're being dishonest in your sales.
Do not consign your things here.
I wish I'd listened to the bad reviews I'd read now before I tried here simply b/c it's close to our home.
We just got completely scammed by them, they made a nice profit off all our household things.
To top it off we were told that if we didn't want to waste more of our time and gas to drive over there to pickup a check for under $5, they'd have to deduct ANOTHER 50 cents in order to mail it to us!
Unbelievable!!
This is after we brought in nice pillows, framed artwork, decorative home accents, decorative candle holders, decorative mirrors.
You've got to be kidding me.
This place should be shut down.

Went in asking about the "selling" process and was treated like trash!!
Promptly told "we dont do 'buy', we only do consign, sorry, there are places down the road that do that sort of thing..." I was floored!!
After getting over that attitude, I asked about the consign process and was again talked to like a hobo or something!
They obviously didnt want me there or have time for me...   A real Pretty Woman situation, I decided to take my items elsewhere, Id rather givem them away than let those people make money off my goods!
Shame on them!

