Stay here!
in Scottsdale, $69 specials...our room was normally $89 I think...it was a double, and nice pretty and clean with a super comfy bed.
but they were just small double sized beds in case you need bigger.
really delish cucumber muddled margaritas.
pretty courtyard pool area, with giant canopy beds poolside

Can't really write a review about the Days Hotel per say, but was at a friend's club night she was hosting at the Bar area within the Days Hotel on Sat night, and I have to say , it's nice looking bar area.
Nice big comfy sofas and chairs, the bartenders were very friendly.
I like the setup of the place, if you're a people watcher, like I am, you will like the sectional sofa up in the corner, it has a great view of everything that is going on and it even has curtains you can pull around to make your area more private?!?
But isn't that why people get rooms Hahahahahha.
Glad I went to check it out, not sure if there is draw to bring me back, but if you do wind up staying at the Days Hotel check it out!

Nice hotel and reasonably priced.
Beautiful pool and garden area with cabanas for sitting at the tables.
Even gas grills.
Front desk and restaurant staff very friendly and helpful.
Comedy club and jazz club attached to restaurant are convenient.
Went to the Friday night 8 p.m. comedy show and it was great.
Not into Mexican food too much so didn't try Papi Cheulo's that is attached to hotel.
Food must be good there because it was very busy all Friday night!

Great place to have a pool party with DJ!
They offer reduced room rates for special occasions.

Absolutely awful experience.
We got two rooms, both of which had major issues with the key cards.
Not only did we get locked out and have to get them replaced 4 times, once they actually had their maintenance guy come out with some tool to reprogram the door.
The next day the keys again didn't work.
Upon calling the front desk and me telling them the ordeal, their reply was "well are you putting it next to your credit cards or your phone?"....
Oh, you mean like any pocket or purse on earth?
No, not after the first four sets of keys.
Sometimes it tricks you.
It flashes a green light saying "come on in!
" But then the door won't open anyway.
Our air conditioning was also broken....
In the ON position.
24/7 air conditioning.
Only way to turn it off is to crawl under it and unplug it.
The rooms have no fridge or safe.
The "do not disturb" cards go missing every night (I had to make one).
The list goes on and on.
Not worth it.

