Nice cocktail list, free food and drinks.

I would place this club at the high end (between AA in Miami and BA in Heathrow / JFK)  The club is brand new so everything was spotless.
It's close to the Select Club which I mistook for this (briefly looked inside..this one is much nicer)  It has a hot and cold buffet, cacoon-like pods to do work in (including multiple power outlets) Conference tables, couches and real nice washrooms.
The only downside is you can't bring a guest for free with a platinum AMEX.

I have a Platinum Amex and received an invitation to this new airport club.
The plan seemed to be that I would get one free visit and then would have to pay for access.
That's now changed, I get in for free always.
And I can see why...
I had this on my list for a while but was in the wrong terminal last trip to Vegas.
This time I was in the right location.
I arrived a bit early to check it out.
Actually excited to see it.
They were not equally excited to see me...
The front greeter seemed perplexed with my happiness.
I love perks, so I smile a lot and ask questions.
Then the bartender, wow really in a bad mood.
Completely dead pan.
Maybe crack a smile or say more than two words?
I got "drink?
" and "here you go".
Pros: Nice liquor selection and food service.
Relaxing places to sit, like leather chaise lounges.
Drinking with wealthy French people.
Cons: Did I mention the bartender?
Lack of places to plug in; really every seat should have a close pair of outlets.
Nice but not amazing, similar to other higher-end airline club rooms.
Certainly would go again, however I wouldn't pay extra for it unless there were no other options.

Such a great way to end a Vegas trip.
Yes, I was hungover and sleep deprived when I entered this place.
I'm so thankful this place exists!!!
I wasn't even departing from the D gates, but I had to go there to check this place out.
And I left completely impressed.
You check in just like any of the airline clubs, swipe your Amex, and they remind you that everything here is complimentary.
Had a great breakfast with some refreshing acai juice.
You can tell the place is new.
The seating was great.
The fresh coffee was much needed.
They have a multitude of things to entertain you.
Apparently you can check-out a tablet at the front and surf to your heart's content while you're there.
Free wifi, of course.
Full bar (wasn't brave enough for "hair of the dog" before the flight"), fresh food, snacks, juice, water, coffee, etc.
They have a great selection of magazines.
The TV screens show status of ALL flights.
The vibe is just on-point!
Great job, Amex.
My Platinum card annual fee now seems more worth it!
The club is open to all Amex card holders.
It is free for Black and Platinum card holders, and they charge a fee for other card holders.
It's worth it if you have anything close to an hour or more to relax before/between flights.

Just wonderful.
A constant supply of food breakfast lunch and dinner and the entrees are creative and delicious.
The  chicken cacciatore with polenta and herbed gnuddi were fantastic.
Service equally awesome, I never had to leave my comfy cube to refill my wine,

Simply one of the best domestic airport lounges in the US.
Food not quite as good as the DFW location but seating is more comfy.

Relaxing environment.
Great for Platinum Amex holders and up to 3 guests.
Not sure if I'd pay $50...
But it is pretty nice.

For domestic airline clubs, this lounge is as good as it gets.
The hot meal service, fresh fruit, extensive bar, and nice seating areas, help compliment a presumably draining Las Vegas vacation.
Sundays are the worst days because the foot traffic is so high, there is generally a shortage of tables.
All and all, this an excellent perk for Platinum card holders.

Amazing place - I felt like I was in one of those VIP lounge in overseas; American lounges do not treat people that way!
Very friendly staff and great selection of foods.
I wish they have it in every major airport - i am sick of skyclub.

A+ 1000.
This place has it right.
With a tough economy and cutbacks everywhere, American Express has really done an outstanding job rewarding their customers with a beautiful facility with no limitation.
I have been a platinum members for over 12 years and have had awesome benefits w AMX.
This facility takes the membership to a new level and very much appreciated by me, a cardholder.
Other airport clubs have limitations and technicalities that always put a sour taste in my mouth.
With this new Centurion Club, you will be happy you maintained your A+ credit, even during these rough economic times.
This facility is well done, and for once in these thankless times, I feel appreciated for giving a business like AMX my business.
Thank you AMX.
You have given me another reason to travel.
I can't wait till you open a facility near my home town.

How is it even possible that I haven't reviewed the Centurian Club, yet?
This is the airport lounge that all other domestic lounges should aspire to be.
No package of crackers to be found in this joint.
Nope, celebrity chef breakfasts and dinners that I schedule flights around to enjoy.
They're lacking in the single malt scotch department compared to the Dallas Centurian Club, but I won't hold that against them as this is one of the few AmEx clubs in the US, and it's right in my hometown.
AmEx, please make more of these lounges ASAP!
They're a god-send in the middle of a busy travel day!

I don't know if I'll ever be able to enjoy another airport club, now that I've been here.
American Express cardholders get in with 2 guests.
The atmosphere is cool and modern.
It also seems to be the only club I've been at in a while without screaming kids.
The sitting is arranged in pockets with couches and chairs that have high backs which makes it seem very private.
There is also a private kids area for the little ones.
There is a buffet with warm dishes and cold veggies.
The orrichetti was delicious, as was the chocolate mousse.
Quinoa, salads and an assortment of other goodies are available.
The bar is stocked well and the bartenders are good at their job.
Service was great, our dishes and glasses were constantly removed so we could go back for more.
You also get the feeling that Amex has zoomed in on the needs of the modern traveler: there are plenty of plugs everywhere!

Doesn't get much better than this, at the Airport.

