My mother contacted Raxmasters because she was looking to install overhead storage in her garage.
They quoted her a price and let her know it has a lifetime warranty.
These guys could not have been better, they did a great job at installing them, they were very friendly and down to earth, quick and efficient.
They will not disappoint you!
On another note, they also mentioned they did epoxy floors so my mother decide to get her garage floor done as well and it looks fantastic!
An absolutely wonderful company!

Had a overhead unit and shelf installed by Jerry.
The quality of the product is really good.
The service from Jerry was great.
Easy to get ahold of and work with.
Jerry is upfront about prices, installation, and what you needs actually require.

These guys are great.
It's a family owned and operated business.
The customer service was amazing.
The owner was able to squeeze me i the day after the consult.
His pricing was great.
The work was amazing.
The only thing I would warn people about is that if you do choose to be "squeezed in" to his schedule, make sure you are willing to be open to when he can get to you.
I was moving into a new house, since I was there everyday before we moved in prepping the house, I had no issues with this.
But for those of you out there who demand things be done right now, you may need to schedule your service a week or two out.
Overall awesome experience and again the customer service was amazing.
The owner, who also installs ceiling racks, actually took the time to show me a few tricks for hanging the ones I already own.
He didn't even try to push his rack system on me!

I saw there flyer in the home mag and thought I would give them a call.
I needed some overhead storage in my garage so I could park the cars easier.
They came out for an estimate and were very professional  and knowledgeable.
They suggested 3 different ways I could do it.
No pressure to do it a certain way and left it up to me.
I asked when they could come back to install and they said they would do it now and be done in an hour or so.
They turned out amazing.
They look really nice and I would recommend them to anyone that needs more storage area!

These guys were a no call no show.
I rearranged my work schedule to accommodate the appointment that we agreed upon, and they never showed nor even called.
Very unprofessional.
I would not recommend unless you like wasting your time!

Jerry did a fantastic job of installing two overhead shelves in my new home.
They are super sturdy and even after I loaded them up, I was doing pullups on them and they didn't budge at all.
Jerry is a very nice guy and a testament to people who migrate to this country and work hard to start a small business.
I was very happy with the first two racks so I had him install two more that were a little less deep so they would fit above the garage door.
They were perfect for a log of long things that I had (12') that didn't fit anywhere else.
Obviously I highly recommend Raxmasters.

Just had Rax Masters install a 8'x3' rack in our garage.
They were on time, and very quick the installation.
Jerry was a pleasure to work with, and the racks looks great!

Jerry installed (2) 8x2 super duty racks in my garage.
He was 10 mins early which is absolutely professional when your running a biz and it took him maybe 20 mins if that to do an awesome job!
Would def recommend him.

Jerry was amazing.
He was able to answer every question I had.
Not only did he do the storage racks which made my garage look so much better but he did my 3 car garage floor with epoxy.
It looks amazing.
I have had my floors done on different houses and by far he was the best.
Trust me he was wonderful

I am new in town and had to rely on yelp reviews to find a reliable and reputable shop to do my epoxy garage floor.
When I read Raxmasters reviews on yelp - with 9 out of 10 giving thumbs up excellent reviews, it was a no brainer that I had to go with Jerry as no other epoxy shop even come close.
Jerry did not disappoint and exceeded my expectation.
All the reviews I read on yelp on Raxmasters are accurate.
Raxmasters delivered first class quality in ingredients used and workmanship.
From the grinding of the garage floor, the use of top of the line industrial grade epoxy, and most important of all - two top clear coats to protect it from peeling - all came together seamlessly to present a first class epoxy floor.
Everyone I dealt with at Raxmasters was thoroughly professional - polite, courteous, pleasant, proactive, punctual and prompt, an absolute joy to work with.
The finished product was incredibly attractive.
Everyone who saw my epoxy garage floor loved it.
I whole-heartedly recommend Raxmasters without any reservation.

Wow.
Jerry and his crew are amazing.
We scheduled an appointment with Jerry prior to move in to get a competitive quote on garage racks and epoxy flooring.
We found his prices to be quite competitive and he was flexible with his scheduling.
He quickly responded to a change in our schedule and managed to deliver a quality installation for 3 overhead racks.
These racks are life-savors for space storage, and Jerry and his team installed them in less than 90 minutes.
Afterword, he came back to do our three car garage with epoxy.
This involved 4 different trips to the house as we had to move items from one side of the garage to the other.
His crew was on-time, clean, thorough and careful... and the finish product could be in a showroom at a home-show.
FANTASTIC.
I want to shout from the rooftop how good this company is and the quality of their work and their product.
We are recommending RAX MASTERS to our friends and family to improve their garage storage needs and the epoxy for the floor.
Well done!

What a hardworking crew!
Jerry and his guys do great work.
We had epoxy and racks in our garage done by Raxmasters, in our new house, and we're super happy with the job they did!
Highly recommend them.
We did our own epoxy in our last house, and let me tell you, it's so worth it to have someone else do it for you.
Also, the racks are incredible space savers and keeps our garage organized.
We can now park in our garage.

These guys rock!
On time to the minute, up-front pricing that includes tax & installation, and this rack is a beast!!
Definitely recommended and they will be back to put up more racks above my garage door as soon as I have the budget!

