Great size all ages venue, and great sound.
However, show started at 7 when website clearly stated 8.
And what is the point in paying for good sound and stage when this venue has horrible staff and customer service?
I totally understand this was the first show at this venue, but hire better staff.
Hire more efficient bartenders (all were obviously overwhelmed).
At the very least, hire security guards that frequent punk/alternative/hardcore shows so they understand the vibe, culture, and most importantly safety of shows.
Jocks, club goers and gym rats have no place policing the scene and safety of punk shows.
They just don't understand.. Never have and never will.
My night was pretty much over when I realized security didn't know their head from their ass, and it really put a damper on the night and bitter taste in my mouth.
I couldn't even enjoy my time spent during Alkaline Trio and left early.
I will not be attending any more shows here, and will make sure my friends know how much of a waste of money this venue is.
Save your money unless its a band you absolutely have to see.

Went to the Alkaline Trio / Bayside show here tonight.
The bartenders have nooooo idea how to do their jobs.
After waiting almost 15 minutes at the bar for any acknowledgment,  We asked for two cokes and received two small cups full of almost clear liquid that was semi flat.
The bartender took our 20 and gave us 4 dollars back.
16 dollars for this ?!?!?
We asked for our money back because we were clearly dissatisfied  and the bartender put up a huge fit but finally gave us our 20 back.
Later, a huge belligerent drunk man came down from the "VIP" area and smashed my foot before falling down .
We complained to the security guard that he needed to be escorted out for being so drunk but the guard didn't understand how to handle the situation.
He was the African American man "guarding" the entrance to the VIP tables.
My boyfriend was very firm in telling him that I was hurt and the man was overly drunk and needed to be escorted from the show.
The security guard eventually had the man give an apology to me but did nothing else about the situation when the man was clearly too drunk for the safety of others.
20 minutes later we saw the drunk man being escorted out by his own group of friends who understood the responsibility of public safety more than that security guard did .Clearly the guard has zero idea how to do his job.
This was the first show at this venue and probably my last time ill ever attend one here.
Also the guards at the door had no idea the show was ages 16 and over(written on the tickets) and were literally pushing anyone under 18 out of the line.
Fremont country club, you need to better train your horrific staff.
WORST first impression to ever have.

Very cool venue!
The decor is bad-ass and a must see if you are downtown!
We have been there a few times and enjoyed it thouroughly each time.
Love seeing this original, very artistic space!
Sound is really good too.

Worst venue ever.
Their will call situation was completely FUBAR.
We had to stand outside in line, qwhich wrapped around the building and moved at a snail's pace, missing the first band (the band I really truly wanted to see) and then getting to listen to half of the second band's set....while still in line.
The tickets said the show started at 6:30.
Apparently it actually started at 5:30.
Awesome.
Glad I wasted $26 and a trip from San Diego to Vegas on that.
There were absolutely no apologies or explanations for the delay.
I would never ever ever go here again.
I will travel to other cities to see bands that are scheduled to play here before I'd ever go back.
They were charging $3 for a cup of TAP WATER.
When challenged, they handed it over.
Who knows how many suckers actually paid the $3 though.

The frat boys have taken over this country club-  Where to start.......
The staff here from top to bottom are a joke.
Very rude, cold and could care less about their customers.
Even had one assault me when I was told I couldn't smoke inside.
Everyone was smoking inside... then told we could smoke out back... then told we could smoke out front... then told we could smoke inside...then told outside again!
WTF???
Everyone one there was clueless...
Although A/V crew did a good job.
Sounded and looked good.
Poorly run venue.
This place needs an intervention.
QUICK!
And what's up with all the dude bartenders???
You know boobs sell more beer right?
The demo for this show was 75%+ men and venue had mostly men bartenders...
Strange...

The venue describes itself as Tex-Mex brothel kitsch meets Sinatra in space, featuring bejeweled merry-go-round ponies atop the bar, 8-foot-high illuminated steel horseshoes, a covered-wagon entry way that doubles as a movie tunnel and chromed antler chandeliers, to name a few.
Yes that describes it.
The bathrooms even have an attendant and are nicely clean.
Another positive- The sound  is really nice with bass speakers that move your clothes.
The poor things about this place- It wreaked of PineSol or some other brand of floor cleaner.
Not sure where they were using it as the floor was super sticky.
There is no place other than one little couch to sit down.
THE BIG TURN OFF FOR ME- I ordered the same Jack and Coke from two different bartenders and was quoted two different prices.
True maybe the first guy cut me a break but I suspect the second guy was going to just pocket the extra two bucks.

