AMAZING!!
Living in Las Vegas, we are always looking for something to do with our 3 yr old.
The Discovery Children's Museum is AMAZING!
$55Mil well spent IMO.
Great for 3 year olds up to almost teenagers.
We went opening weekend and it did not disappoint.
Here is the info:  1.
Free parking!
The parking structure is located directly next to the museum.
Convenient and did I mention Free?
Admission is $12/person (under 1 year old free), so it can get pricey, but trust me, it is well worth it!
You can also opt for a membership.
$125 gets you and 5 family members in for the year.
$175 gets you and 7 people (family or not) in for a year.
3 amazing levels of interactive fun fun fun for kids of all ages!
Level 1 had a water themed room (parka's included), a pirate ship, a castle an interactive toddler room with a train and slide..etc.
There is also a stage and costumes for kids to act.
Level 2 had music and fun center where you can pretend to work in a grocery store, bank, animal clinic, or mechanics (with removable tires etc..).
There is an interactive innovations center.
This weekend, it was create something and drop it off the top or into a wind tunnel to make it float.
Level 3 is for more grown kids.
There is a "CSI" type game where you go from station to station and look for clues and solve a mystery.
There is arts and crafts area and more climbing up.
So much fun.
I know I am leaving out a lot, but we were there for over 2 1/2 hrs.
and there was still so much to explore.
I had to drag my son out kicking and screaming because he wanted to stay longer.
If you are looking for something to do with your kids in Las Vegas, this is definitely the spot!
Fun, interactive and just simply amazing!

Wow- This place is amazing.
This place has something for everyone.
Went during Spring Break- PACKED!!
It was hard to do a lot of the stuff because it was so crowded.
This place is a kids dream come true.
$12.00 for ages 1-99 and free parking.
Would definitely go back again.
Loved it!

The newly opened Discovery Children's Museum is less than a month old and my 26 month old has been there three times already.
Yes, he loves it that much as do we!
We have never been to the Lied Discovery Children's Museum, so we can't compare the two.
But from what I hear, it's way better and you can't beat the location!
It's located in the developing Symphony Park area, right next to the Smith Center which is nearby the Clark County Amphitheater and the North Premium Outlets.
(Keep in mind that the maps feature shows the location to be at a different place, just go to the Smith Center!
)  Free parking is available all around the area.
The three stories of interactive play can keep any child's interest all day long.
Some of our favorites include the Water World, Young at Art, Fantasy Festival, The Summit, and well, just about every other exhibit!
In Water World, they provide aprons to minimize how wet your kids get, but I would still advise bringing a change of clothes with you.
There's only a limited amount available and I've seen kids drenched because they wanted to get soaked.
Even their shoes and socks can get super wet!
The Young at Art area is great for those wanting to be crafty.
It gets to be pretty messy in there and supplies start to look scarce by the afternoon.
The staff do their best to sweep and restock, but it can look like a hurricane went through the area.
There's a mini supermarket that does stay remarkably organized thanks to the staff who is in charge of that room.
The Fantasy Festival is fun, but all the costumes and props are everywhere but where you would think they would be.
Each time we had to leave the museum, we were met with very sad faces.
No child ever wants to leave, so prepare for meltdowns!
If possible, don't bring a stroller if you don't have to.
There is room to park it, but if you can get away with a backpack while you chase your kid around, it would be the better way to go.
The entrance fee is a bit steep at $12 per person, those ages 1 to 99.
The Family Membership is $125, which includes 1 cardholder and 5 named immediate family members.
This membership is meant for parents and children or grandparents and children.
The Discovery Club Membership is $175, which includes 2 cardholders and any 6 guests.
This is the ideal membership because you can bring anyone with you and we have definitely taken advantage of having this.
Visiting family and friends can benefit from this pass.
Being a member also allows you to bypass the regular guest line, which can be super long.
(On our first visit, they had actually met capacity, so we had to wait a little bit outside before we could go in.
We were first in line, so there wasn't much of a wait.
Having a membership won't apply in this situation though.
)  Children must be accompanied by an adult, unless they are at least 14 years old.
Adults without children with them can visit, but they are asked to leave their license/ID with the Admissions desk during their visit.
Hours:  Tuesday - Friday: 9am - 4pm Saturday: 10am - 5pm Sunday: 12pm - 5pm Closed Mondays, except during select holidays.
Summer Hours: (June 1 through Labor Day) Monday - Saturday: 10am - 5pm Sunday: 12pm - 5pm  The Museum is closed on: Easter Thanksgiving Day Christmas Eve Christmas Day New Year's Day

Oh my goodness!
This place is AWESOME!
I went here today with my daughter and mother-in-law for the first time and we will definitely be going back for more!
My daughter is 18 months old right now, so we didn't get to play in every section since some are aimed at older kids, but we did enjoy the more age appropriate sections.
We did wander through each section to check them out though and I am excited for my daughter to get older so we can play in those rooms as well!
The price is $12 per person from 1-99 or you can get a annual family pass good for 6 people for $125.
If you plan on going more than once, go for the pass.
And I am pretty sure you will be going back because this place is just so much fun!
Our first stop was the pirate ship, because who doesn't love a pirate ship?
All 3 of us climbed on everything and explored the different activities.
We even dressed my daughter up in a pirate outfit and tried to teach her to say Yo Ho Ho, but alas she really never channeled her inner Capt.
Jack Sparrow for us.
Maybe next time...  From there we went to the Toddler Town.
There is a big mix of activities in this room that included things a crawling baby could do up to activities for maybe a 4 year old would be comfortable with.
So it isn't really just for Toddlers, but it has a nice mix for the smaller babes.
We then explored the George Washington travelling exhibit because the adults wanted to see it.
My daughter wasn't super impressed, but that was probably because she is 18 months old and doesn't know how awesome George Washington was.
He was the man back in the day.
Way Washington!!!
One completely random thing on this exhibit worth mentioning is that they have a pair of G.W.
's dentures that you can see up close.
It was totally weird but neat at the same time.
I can say with 100% absolution that I never thought I would see his dentures.
It is a great exhibit but will only be there a limited time, so check it out before it moves on to the next town.
From there we went to the Art Room and my daughter is a budding Picasso I think.
She wanted to try all of the stations and she enjoying trying out every type of art available from crayons, to chalk, to computer doodling.
Ahhh, art!
Lastly we went to Water World.
I had been advised from some friends who had visited earlier to save that section for last because the kiddos would be soaking wet at the end.
And luckily I listened to them because everything was drenched when we left.
They do give the littles smocks to wear, but they still get wet, if they are anything like my kid who was into EVERYTHING!
They had a massive water tower where you could shoot balls into the air, a section to building water traps, water cannons to shoot chimes with, and just all sorts of fun water activities to play with.
My 18 month old really enjoyed as well as her mother and grandmother did.
Definitely the most fun section in the whole place, in my opinion.
And yes, save it for last and bring an extra set of clothes for the kiddos and maybe you too.
One amazing thing about this  museum was that it had a Nursing Nook.
When my daughter was younger, I did nurse her for for a year.
I always tried to pump ahead of time and have bottles with me because it was so much easier to feed her that way when we were out.
But as any parent can tell you, you will experience some hiccups when you are out and about with babies, especially if it is your first one and you have no clue what you are doing (ME!!!).
Sometimes I would just have to nurse her because she was starving and I didn't have anything else to feed her.
In most places in Vegas, as well as everywhere in the US it seems,  there really isn't a place to nurse except going into the bathroom to do it.
And let me tell you, nursing in a bathroom without a chair or couch is not fun at all.
I know nursing in public is a sensitive issue right now, but it is an issue that affects a lot of women out there.
I was never one to really nurse in public because I am way to shy and modest, but to have a place to do it a little more comfortably and privately  was always a blessing when I needed to feed my baby.
This museum has a devoted Nursing Nook in the Toddler Town area.
It is in it's own space, relatively private, and made to help moms out there.
I was so impressed to see this and want to congratulate whoever's idea it was to put it in there in the first place.
Thank you, whoever you are!!!
Overall, this is a great place to bring the kids, hang out, explore the world, and learn some new things.
Get down here and have some fun!

The old Lied Children's Museum has found a new home near the Smiths Center and brought with it, brand new exhibits.
Of course, many of the old favorites are still there such as the play grocery store, bank, and auto shop.
There are also many new areas to play make believe such as the vet hospital, castle, pirate ship, diner, smoothie shop, and a large stage complete with the children's freedom to control the backdrops, lighting, and stage props.
The current popular exhibit is Water World, which is supposed to be a reflection of the Hoover Dam and water's movement and power.
An entire room dedicated to hands-on learning experience with hand dryers and waterproof smocks available to keep them dry.
There are also exhibits to explore sound and music, nutrition and eating healthy, a huge arts and crafts area, and so much more.
There is even an area dedicated for crawling babies and toddlers.
I was impressed that there was also a Nursing Nook in that area.
One day is not enough to explore the entire museum.
Presentations and demonstrations feature different topics making it an exciting visit every time.
There are also themed programs like the celebration of Asian Pacific Heritage Month coming in May, with a focus on a different culture every week.
The $12 admission fee is very reasonable, but because I have 2 young kids who need snack breaks and naps, a few hours is all we can handle- thus the yearly Membership is a great deal.
With the hot summer days around the corner, we will definitely be including the museum in our regular rotation of play date spots.
My only gripe is how crowded it is.
But it is brand new, so that is a good thing.
I guess I just got used to the old Lied Children's Museum, because although old, it was never crowded.
I could easily take my kids and let them play without having to worry about them getting pummeled by grade school kids on field trips.
My last 2 recent visits happened to be during a weekday (I thought I was smart avoiding the weekend crowds), and both times, tons of field trips were in there, which meant tons of unsupervised kids.
My daughter was knocked down by a pre-teen and he chaperones who saw it happen, said nothing, did nothing.
I know this isn't the fault of the Museum itself, but it made both of my visits quite stressful.
*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 31/100*

Does your little one need to blow off some steam?
Bring them here!
They have 3 levels of interactive games, activities and crafts for kids of all ages.
My daughter had the funnest time here and we did too!
The only bad thing was it was a bitch to find this place.
We put the address into our GPS and it took us to 2 different weird locations.
It's in front of the World Market Center which is close to the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North.
BIG FYI: make sure you bring a change of clothes for your kid because as soon as you walk in, there is the "WaterWorld" room.
Kids will go crazy and will get wet head to toe...believe me and I REPEAT, bring extra pairs of clothes

The new Children's Museum is long overdue.
The old place was nice but had more negatives than positives going for it.
The new building, next to the Smith Center, is gorgeous with plenty of parking in the  adjacent parking garage and overflow parking next to the World Market and Mundo.
There are plenty of new interactive exhibits, including arts and crafts stations that my five year old loved.
Another hit was the area where you can build your own mini parachute and cars to try out.
Some exhibits from the old museum were brought over to the new place and given updates, like the Ecco Village.
The garage where you can fix up a car and the grocery store were both hits.
During peak hours the grocery store will be packed with kids shopping for (toy) food.
The biggest negative is the central tower that spans the height of the building.
The tower is basically a stairwell with interactive exhibits on every floor and half floor.
While that part is great, the ladders and slides that connect different levels can be a parent's worst nightmare.
If you follow your kid down the slides it isn't a big deal.
If not, your kid ends up on a different level, making it scary because it separates kid from parent.
They have safety measures in place aimed to prevent solo adults from leaving with kids, but I still wouldn't put my trust in anyone else's security.
My kid had a blast going down the slides but in one instance he ended up on a different floor and I had to hustle through the crowds to catch up to him.
I spoke with one of the employees and they mentioned that it's a daily occurrence to have a lost kid and frantic parents.
Aside from worrying if my kid is lost, it's a great museum with a tremendous amount of potential and it can only get better.
Entry to the museum is $12 regardless of age.
Different annual family memberships range from $125 to $175 a year.

Finally!
This is the kind of place we need more of in Vegas!
First, points for being in the new Smith Center building, which is super cool, and by the time the area is finished with the new Symphony Park, should be a great neighborhood to hang out in.
For the museum itself - there are 3 levels of exhibits, all joined by a huge play structure in the middle (or stairs/elevators for those with little kids or strollers).
The first floor has a really great water play area with all types of interactive exhibits, a pretend play area that's themed like a pirate ship, and a 'toddler' area, which has a mining theme (but is actually pretty lame).
The second floor has a George Washington exhibit, some healthy food learning games, and some 'work' sections which have pretend veterinarian offices and a grocery store.
The third floor has some arts and crafts area and an 'inventor' exhibit, where the kids can use provided objects to make inventions completing various tasks: move tracks to get a ball to roll from point a to b or make a paper airplane to fly up this little tube.
The middle play structure is the main draw for most of the kids, as it includes lots of tunnels, ladders, and nets to climb on and different noise-making exhibits on the various levels.
The price is reasonable - $12/person and memberships start at $125 for a family.
Now that I'm a stay at home mom, I went ahead and got the membership and we've already been twice in one month.
Bonus points for trying to tie the exhibits back to the local area (desert plans & animals or hoover dam mockup in the water area).
The thing to note about this museum is that it aims to please all ages of kids from toddlers up through about 6th grade.
That's awesome, but it also means that the exhibits for any one age group are rather limited.
My almost 2 year old loved the water station and the grocery store, but the rest of the exhibits were too old for her.
In addition, she would have liked to do some more climbing on the jungle gym thingy, but the big kids are pretty intimidating, running up and down in there.
A second drawback is that it's always pretty crowded.
We went twice on weekdays, and there were 3-4 school buses parked outside.
That's a lot of kids in a not so big place.
Overall, I'm glad that Vegas has a place like this, and I'm excited to visit once or twice a month, but it's not as great as the Children's Museum in Phoenix.

I like the museum.
My kids absolutely love it here.
We actually bought a season pass because its so cool.
Its got lots of activities for all ages from babies all the way up to teens (and yes ive seen teens playing around here!
) theres a gift shop, parking is free, and though the price per visit is a bit high (and they charge for kids that are over a year old), the family season pass is a good deal for locals at $120.
Unless youre not a traditional family.
Which brings me to the negatives, which is why I dinged them a star.
What I didnt like was a manager yelling at her staff in front of us.
The reason?
the girl sold a family membership to a non- traditional family.
A single mom, her kids, and her sister.
The manager was yelling "husband, wife, kids!
thats all!".
Left a bad taste in my mouth.
There was also a staff person in the supermarket area yelling at kids to clean up after themselves, which I thought was a bit much.
In addition its very easy to lose a kid here as the museum is built with a big climbing apparatus that leads to all the floors.
If you have more than one kid youre in trouble.
Also in the smaller kiddie room my nephew who is 22 months was fussed at for going into the "baby only " area.
The attendants politely told me they only allow 18 months and less in this area.
There were no signs to indicate this.
Well, at least they were polite.
Id give it five stars if not for these personnel issues.
Four stars.

They did a fabulous job redoing this place.
More activities and challenges for the kids.
The water room is tons of fun, they offer raincoats but none of the kids we went with used them!
The vet area and restaurant is a big hit!
The new art area has some nice dexterity activities.
The people who work there are very nice With little ones however it would be nice to be able to bring snacks or water, none allowed.
Also a few kids were roaming, luckily not in our group, saying they were lost.
The staff was quite helpful and attentive with that.
Also quite crowded so look online at off times and get FB updates telling you if event going on.
The missing star is for some of the educational things missing.....

This place is awesome!
There is play that children need!
Grocery store, car garage, airport, restaurant, animal hospital, bank, and even a construction site.
There are aerodynamic workshops and lots of artsy things.
There is a stage for all the actors and actresses and a pirate ship and castle play areas.
My child loves this place, well spend about 4 hours here and out of the heat.
We come here all the time and I always find something that grabs my attention as well.
One remark I will put is some of volunteers are kind of rude.
There were 3 girls in the art area and they were making fun of a leftover project some kids left and they sat together chit chatting while my child stood up working on his craft.
They talked about booze and alcohol and not listening to their parents because they do what they want.
Yea.. That kind of talk threw me of because my child was RIGHT THERE listening to what they were saying.
But other than that, we really enjoy this place and will always give it 5 stars.
Just make sure you bring earmuffs :)

This new museum now rivals "big city" children's museums.
I always enjoyed the prior location, by which I mean we had an annual membership and my kids always had a good time there.
This new one kicks it up a notch and is really impressive.
The covered parking is a nice touch that helps keep your car cool, while hanging out there for several hours.
The check in is more efficient.
There are two separate lines.
One for members and one for daily customers.
The check in takes a few minutes longer for members, as the clerk processes the transaction and provides you with a receipt.
(At the old location, you just got a hand stamp and you were off.
)  The security seems tighter.
There is a distinct exit which is usually monitored by staff.
They will close the doors and not allow anyone to leave if there is a lost child.
Slightly annoying if you are trying to leave, but the trade off of understanding that if it was your lost child the staff will do everything in their power to help you find your child and block the door.
(The legality is not there, but I am not going to complain.
)  So, the exhibits...awesome!!!
The water world room is a cool mess of fun.
There are aprons to "keep the kids dry.
"  Unfortunately, there is not nearly enough aprons.
Also, they get wet and never really dry again.
But the kids think it is the best thing ever.
There are excellent opportunities to manipulate the water and control it's path.
Of course, the hand dryers are helpful to hit before leaving the room.
The pirate ship and castle are pretty great.
The stage has lighting options that the kids can play with.
The center thingy that goes from the bottom floor to geographically above the 3rd floor has the kids entertained.
The grocery store, bank, and TSA area are transports from the old museum.
The art room is new, as is the CSI area.
The only thing that my daughter complains about and wants from the old museum is the singing room.
She used to love to rock the mic.
Still the best museum and childrens museum in town.
A definite must!

I love this place!
I've come twice with friends since they have the annual pass that allows them to bring friends.
I'm looking into getting one and splitting it with a friend as well since it comes out to only $75 or so.
I love that this is a wonderful getaway for a hot Summer of cold Winter day, that is both educational and fun!
My children easily spend 3-4 hours here and love the pirate ship/caste fantasy exhibit where they get to dress up as pirates and princesses and run around an awesome pirate ship or castle.
They also love pretend land, where they get to go grocery shopping, scan food, and ring up customers with fake LDCM money.
At the center of the museum is a multi-tiered stairway that has fun things to do along the way up or down.
Water world is fun, but I miss their cute ponchos in various colors that had a hood with ears.
My daughter is not a big fan because she gets so soaked, so she can't last more than 30 minutes in there, but be sure to make it your last exhibit or else your kids will be walking around wet!
Both times that we have been, the puzzle machine has been down, but there is a machine where you can draw your own picture, and then turn it into a puzzle.
How cool is that!?
I can't wait to get my own pass so I can come every day and try that elusive machine!
If you have kids and are bored on a summer day, find a friend who has a pass, or come play for $12/person.
It's worth it!

My tingly mommy senses knew this would be a hit as soon a we walked in!
Bright colors, shapes, mazes and a water world?!
Yes!
This is definitely the perfect get away from the summer heat for kids.get away from those damn electronics and come here to use your brain and sensory senses   Not going to lie, this place tired me out.
I couldn't keep up with my little one.
She was so excited its everything it was go, go go the entire time.
Warning!
Te maze thing with the stairs will take up two hours.
Careful with those yellow stairs, for some reason they're made weirdly.
Too large for kids, they often fall.
And super high even for adults.
You'll know what I mean when you walk them.
Bring walking shoes, cough cough.
Thes slides up to a level, down to a level, rope bridges, and tons of amazing things on each level.
From blowing scarfs, to musical instruments, a machine that shows you earthquake impacts, to puzzle pieces that become one large object.
Kind of confusing if you don't see it for your own eyes.
More places like this is what Vegas needs to hange and become family oriented.
Now, not on the strip because I believe that's adults only area, but more for locals as well.
Another level is for the imagination.
Shops with tons of stuff make the kids play and try out different jobs.
Jamba Juice stations, a Smithes where your the customer, stocker or shopper, a airport command area, auto repair shop, construction zone and vet office.
This was awesome but more oriented towards toddlers then older kids.
My 2 year old loved it.
Interactive exhibits are everywhere.
There's an area for teenagers where it's all science oriented but I didn't get to check it out because my child understood zero and had no attention span for it.
Another area was cool for imagination.
It had a castle, theater, baby crawl area, pirate ship and face painting.
Look to pictures for details!
I could go on and on but that's it folks til my update!

My company had our quarterly happy hour here.
It was an awesome place to explore and roam around!
Definitely a great timesucker for kids to have fun at but it's definitely tiring climbing up and down those stairs while seeing all the exhibits.
Bring your kids, but make sure you have enough energy!

My daughter had so much fun there and I would definitely take her back again and spend more time there.

This place is spectacular!
It's our favorite spot to go with the kiddos!
They can spend a few hours there and still not visit all of the attractions.
If you're a local, I highly recommend getting the annual membership!

I remember going to the older one when I was a child, and was excited to check this place out.
Even as a full fledged adult, places like this still spark my interest.
Upon walking in with my roommate, we were already getting funny looks by the employees.
When we went to go purchase our tickets, $12, the girl helping us just looked at us and said "You know this is a CHILDRENS museum right?
" I didn't really appreciate the attitude that she was giving us, but whatever.
We just wanted to check it out, and see if the place was anything like the one we went to as children.
Upon buying our tickets, she also told us she had to take both of our IDs since we didn't have any children with us.
I guess because she didn't trust us.
Anyway, even being an adult, I still had fun at this place.
It's four levels of fun, as well as huge jungle gym type thing that allows guests to get to next floor, if stairs and elevators are too boring.
Inside the jungle gym are slides and more activities for the children (or occasional adult) to play with.
The employees working the jungle gym that day were way nicer and less judgmental than the girl at the front desk.
They even showed us some cool things to play with and joked around with us.
The fourth floor has a mystery that needs to be solved.
It's actually pretty cool and comes with a back story.
Basically, you have to identify objects and figure out puzzles to see who the person was that died.
I didn't actually complete the mystery, because it was almost closing time and we had some dinner plans to attend to.
But, I did half of it, and it was great.
All in all, a great experience.
If I were still a child, I would've LOVED going there.
It's so much bigger than the one that was available to me as a child.
So, if you have children, take them there.
Just be aware that, if they want to go in the jungle gym, you'll be joining them - as they aren't allowed in there without an adult.

This is probably the 5th time we've been here and it's a great place to take kids to avoid the summer heat here in Vegas.
I would love to take my daughter to more outdoor activities but its not possible here in the summer so this is the next best thing.
They have plenty of activities for the kids including a water area, pirate ship, castle, and lots of different individual exhibits that all kids would enjoy.
We will definitely be back to enjoy this new  museum.

We love this place.
The old one was ok but the new one is 1000 times better!
I would definitely suggest getting the annual membership because it really saves $$$$.
The staff is always very helpful and friendly to everyone which makes us parents want to come back.

Went on Sunday at 10am , was closed hours on yelp is wrong they are open 12-5 on Sundays.

This is the perfect place to get the kids out of the house and let them play off that energy!
There are tons of things to do for the kids.
Go early and get your moneys worth!
$12 is a little much especially for kids who are only 2?
I think there should be an age limit maybe 3 would be better, but can't complain.
The kids loved it and happy kids equals happy mommy!
If you plan on going multiple times, I suggest getting the annual pass!
Worth the money!

While we loved the museum, we didn't love how packed it was!!
There was little room to explore and move around.
It's a beautiful museum though and we look forward to going again after it has been open for a while.

Heck to the YEAH!
The NEW Lied Discovery Children's Museum is totally awesome!
Even if your'e not a kid!
It is one of the coolest places in Las Vegas to hang with your entire family.
Not only will they learn wonderous new things, they will have a TON of fun doing so!
Located in the Smith Center near Downtown Las Vegas, this museum is a sight to behold.
It is much larger than the previous Discover Children's Museum, and is a whopping THREE stories!
Love it when everything is clean & shiny & new.
The area itself is nice and new, in keeping with the upcoming and future revamping of Downtown Las Vegas.
However, to me Downtown doesn't really need 'revitalizing' but it could use some much needed culture in our transient town.
This museum will hopefully be enjoyed by kids for times to come.
Almost no matter when you go to the Discovery Children's Museum, it is BUSY!
If you don't like kids...don't go here.
If you don't like screaming & crying...don't go here.
If you don't like long walks from the parking lot...don't go here.
If you hate BOOGERS...don't go here.
This museum most definitely caters to kids and folks who are kids at heart.
Even I learned a bunch of new things when I visited!
And I'm a grown @$$ man damn near middle age!
I had a lot of fun bringing my little one here.
Kids can learn about everything from how water flows, how planes fly, ever so bridging the gap between science and fun.
You can pretend to be in your own play, run around on a wooden pirate ship, explore in a castle (which I almost got stuck in), and learn how pulleys work.
There's a floor where you can learn about commerce, look at diet & exercise and how it affects you, and even tinker with a big toy Prius.
When I was first there, there was a HUGE exhibit on the life of America's 1st President, George Washington.
We got to see an actual set of his old wooden teeth!
Wonderful.
On the top floor kids can learn about different cultures (geisha dolls on our last visit), or create their own parachute for test flight.
Really, the Discovery Children's Museum has fun for kids of all ages.
We spent an entire afternoon there and barely realized the time.
I like the fact we are trying to make Las Vegas into a more livable town, and places like the Discovery Children's Museum really help bring in some much needed praise in 'Sin City'.
The more diversity and culture we can bring to our town, the better.
Now, to support a place like the Discovery Children's Museum isn't cheap.
I almost knocked down a star because of this, but just couldn't.
The money people pay for entrance into the museum goes back into funding new projects for the museum as well as other education related programs in Las Vegas.
Not to mention, if you purchase a membership to the museum you can get a partial tax write off!
Win-win for all.
OK, prices to get into the museum are a bit high.
But I think for the quality of learning experience kids get it is worth it.
Daily entrance is about $12 per person ages 1-99.
Infants and children under 1 year old are FREE.
If you purchase the yearly Family Membership it is $125 and includes one main card holder, and five named family members.
This membership is good if you are going to the museum with the same people each visit.
The Discovery Club Membership will cost $175 and includes two main card holders, and six guests of your choosing.
This membership is great if you want to bring anyone into the museum as your guest, could be family or friends.
In the end, we ended up choosing the Discvoery Club Membership because we wanted to show the museum to everyone we know.
So far we have gotten our money's worth and hosted a bunch of our friends and their kids to a day at the Discovery Children's Museum.
We easily spent DOUBLE what our membership cost us if we were to pay $12 for each person each visit!
So if you are going to the museum multiple times it really is worth you getting a membership.
All memberships are good for a year, and also good for visits EVERY DAY the museum is open, and at any time.
If you have a membership, you also get some members only perks, like discounts to shows at the Smith Center, and special events in the museum.
Discovery Children's Museum...welcome to Las Vegas!
Please don't go away anytime soon.

I guess no one but me thinks this place is ridiculously expensive.
The museums in New York have suggested contributions, this one is $12.00 for everyone who is breathing and the family membership does not include grandparents unless you pay another 40.00 a year.
Like everything else in Vegas it is a bit of a rip off.

The kids and I really enjoyed the museum.
Lots of fun, hands-on exhibits and the staff was great.
Their favorite areas were the medieval castle/pirate ship, the water-play area, and the small town where the kids could learn about working/earning/money, etc.
We were there on a Wednesday afternoon and it was not busy.
My only major complaint is that the museum has a large climbing play structure built though the center of the building.
It's a series of tunnels, stairs, walkways, exhibits, etc.
Very cool, but quite the challenge.
You can't bring a stroller through and there are exits on each floor so it's impossible to just let the younger kids run though on their own and explore.
I lost my 5 year old almost immediately and had to have a staff member help me find him.
We ended up just skipping that area for the rest of the visit, but the kids were unhappy that I wouldn't let them explore because we passed it every time we moved from one area to another.
It would be a great exhibit if it were enclosed so the kids couldn't get out and lost.
If possible, go with 2 adults so someone can crawl through with the kids.

Go early to avoid the rush!
We bought a membership specifically so we could meet up with friends for play dates here.
The new location is really nice, there is a TON of stuff for the kids to do, and it is surprisingly well staffed and clean (for a place where hundreds of small children run around all day, this is no small feat).
There is an attached parking garage that is free.
I did notice as well that if a child is separated from their family (did not happen to me), the staff rallys to find the missing family while keeping the child calm and in one place.
There are also staff members stationed near exits and going into/out of the massive multi-leveled jungle gym so that children can't go wandering off on their own.
That being said, still keep an eye on your kids!
heh  It does get really busy on  weekends, we have been there right at opening and close to closing times and it was less busy in the morning.
I'm giving the new location 5 stars for parking, friendly and attentive staff members, cleanliness, and enough activities to keep young children entertained for HOURS.

This is a great place.
I love the magnifying glass/microscope.

My kids love this place so I ended up getting an annual membership.
Getting the annual membership is worth the price I go there every weekend.

I've been coming with my 2 year old at least every other week for the past 6 months and she's still so excited every time we come.
We both love this place.

Kids: 5 stars Not too busy, lots of things to do for the kids and 99% of things were up and running.
Staff was very friendly and helpful.
I was concerned after reading the other comments, but can say my experience was pleasant and we purchased a membership as a result.

We were in Vegas for a few days last month with the little guy (2 years old) and wanted to spend the days doing things that he would like.
He loooved this place!!!
He is pretty into pirates so the big pirate ship with all the different activities was perfect for him.
He also had fun in the toddler room and grocery area.
He loved climbing up the huge play structure playing instruments, going down the slides, etc.
I would say though that he was in love with the water area.
He spent a solid hour and half in there...
If you have a toddler you know that anything keeping their attention for more than 5 minutes is gold!!
I would recommend making sure that you bring a complete spare set of clothes if your child loves water like mine.
He was soaked from his head to his toes.
They do provide smocks but he spent so much time in there that it didn't matter anymore.
Anytime we are in Vegas with the kiddos we will be back!!

We had a blast here with our niece and nephews (ages 6 to 10 months).
My husband had just as much fun as the kids making parachutes and other fun things.
The my niece could have been a vet the whole day if we let her!
The 3 year old could have run up and down the middle section the whole time too (going down the slides... climbing the mini tube sections, playing with all the cool toys...).

Awesome place for kids.
If you're traveling to Las Vegas and you have kids, are you tired of going to Circus Circus or the arcade?
You need to come here and let your kids Discover this place.
* 3 floors to discover.
* A lot of staff members ready to help and explain the exhibits and they are super friendly.
* Hands on exhibits that's very educational.
Exhibits my son liked: Auto shop - you can change the tires on the model car.
You can check the battery, you can switch the lights on & off and you can wear a mechanics shirt.
Grocery - shop for groceries and produce.
You can also don an apron and hat to be a grocery worker.
Cash register.
Build your own car and test it on a couple of  tracks.
Lego and wooden parts to test your little ones creativity.
Other exhibits: Veterinarian's office Construction area Water zone (lots of fun, but you can get wet) Nutritional exhibits Electricity exhibits Wind booth Toddler Area And a lot more....
Note: there isn't a cafeteria.
They have a small vending machine area for drinks, chips & sandwiches to the right of the entrance.
Some tables & chairs, food and drinks are not allowed  pass the entrance.
I think I learned more from going to the different exhibits than my son.
Lol  It's definitely a fun way to spend time with you kids than the arcade.
I'll definitely be back.

This place is great, it's worth it to buy the yearly pass if you plan on going more than a few times and after going once you will want to take you kids to go again, they do give you the opportunity to buy a one day pass and at the end of your journey, use that receipt for credit toward the yearly pass.

Awesome!
If you are in a position that is looking after multiple kids.
That was all I wrote for my draft on 7/12/13.
TL;DR?
Good for kids with ages that don't have the "teen" suffix.
Months later I realized this place is still legit IF you're bringing children with average intelligence.
If you were unfortunate like myself to bring your niece and nephews that are beyond their grades intelligence they probably won't be amused.
I would probably skip this place if you plan on bringing a teenager as they'll probably feel weird being surrounded by kids.
They're trying to grow up quick don't cha know?
$12 per person from the ages of 1 to 99 is a great deal in my opinion for the amount of activities offered.
Again if you're not bringing any smarta$$es then AT LEAST 90 minutes can be spent here enjoyably.
Parking was free when I went and quite abundant.
The museum was spacious and restrooms were everywhere.
If your kid happens to run off in the playground, don't worry it was built for adults to easily move around.
There were also playground monitors on each level to make sure your kid doesn't get too wild or lost without supervision.

Discovery Museum has really improved itself from its former location.
I took my kids here today, and decided that getting a membership would be a good idea if I wanted to take them back again.
$125 paid and we have unlimited visits for our family for the rest of the year.
Given its too hot to play outside in the summer?
I'm all in.
I found a lot of the things set up did not hold my 2 yr olds interest long.
We did find things to do though.
Spent a lot of time in the "jobs" area, and the arts area.
My kids also enjoyed the fantasy area with the pirate ship and castle, as well as the water area.
I'd say ages 3-11 would enjoy this museum best.
We were entertained for 3 hours until I bribed them away with ice cream and a sincere promise to come back again soon.

We love coming here.
I feel like my daughter, who is 4, finds something new every time we come.
I think most kids from 3-11 would really enjoy the museum.
It's 3 floors of exhibits.
There is also a climbing structure in the center of the building with different interactive exhibits inside.
The staff is great.
They are very friendly and helpful.
Two thumbs up!
My daughter loves the pirate ship, the castle, the city(where you can "work" at various jobs-she is a big fan of the auto shop, the grocery store and the vet clinic), the art area and the water room.
Some tips:  There is no cafe or cafeteria.
There is a small room off the first floor with vending machines and you can bring your own lunch in there.
You can't have food in the regular museum area.
Visit the water room on your way out.
They have ponchos, but your kids can still end up getting wet sleeves, legs and shoes.
Some parents I know bring a dry change of clothes too.
I just bought a family pass for $125 so we can go as often as we like.
I think we'll be going a lot in the summer especially.
It's definitely worth figuring out if it's a good investment.

We love this place.
My son is only 13 months and I'm sure he'll love it even more when he'll grow up.
The water section is awesome, really allows the little ones to learn a lot.
The whole museum is just great, and their membership rates are WORTH IT, specially if a few friends can purchase it together and if you go pretty often.
The only down side is that a single time entry ticket is $12 for any age...
Meaning if you're coming with grandpa, grandma, hubby and two kids, that's...
EXPENSIVE.

Do not bring anyone older than 9 or 10 here, do not bring anyone younger than 5 here.
This is really only for that age group and it should be explained more clearly before you pay the exorbitant 12.00 a person.

This is a great place for kids, especially 3-7.
Hands on, interactive exhibits, a new science show, and crafts make this a great place.
I was a little disappointed that the new location and renovation didn't convince them to add exhibits for some of the older kids, my daughter is nine and although she still likes the place, she really didn't learn anything new.

We had our son's 1st birthday party here this weekend.
It was awesome!
The party planner, our party hosts and the even the caterers were so nice and treated us and our guests with super-star service.
The only complaint I have is the no tipping policy.
I hope those young people are making at least $20 an hour because I don't know many adults that can handle a party of 20 kids with such patience and poise 3 times a day!
Thank you to Manni, Michael and the young lady that helped with the face painting as well.
You guys were awesome :)

Hands down one of the best places to take your child(ren) to in Las Vegas.
Our first visit, my son was not 3 yet and even though he didn't understand some of the activities there were plenty of other activities for him to learn and have fun with.
On our most recent visit, we took my son who is now 3 and his two cousins who are ages 7 & 8.
Even with the big age gap between the kids, they all still had fun playing together and/or separately.
Our favorites:  *Water World *Pirate Ship & Castle *Tunnel of stairs and slides that goes from floor 1 - 3 *Smiths grocery store & surrounding areas where it teaches kids about working and earning money *Activity and creativity center  Some items had changed since our fist visit and it was nice to see those changes.
It helps keep it fresh and fun.
So if you are a family in Las Vegas and are looking for an awesome family orientated day, then this is definitely a must do.
You will easily spend 2-3 hours here and your kids will have a nice long nap after wards.
*smiles*

We've been coming to the Children's Museum since it was on Las Vegas Blvd.
it's the best place to take kids for fun.
There's something here for all ages.
My oldest was crawling during her first visit.
She's now seven and still loves it here, especially since she now has a sister to bring.
The exhibits are changing frequently, so the activities stay fresh.
My kids have grown up here, and I know they can enjoy it for years to come.

It's like Bill Nye the Science Guy created an indoor park.
Here are my three tips: 1) Dress comfortably.
Don't wear skinny jeans.
You'll be chasing your kids up and down multiple flights of stairs through a spiraling maze-like staircase.
However, if you insist on killing all of the fun for the sake of fashion, then slap on your skinny jeans and use the elevator which can comfortably transport 40 adults or 20 adults with strollers.
2) Make sure there are two adults in your group.
Kids cannot resist going down all of the slides they will encounter as they traverse through the spiraling staircase.
One second they're in front of you.
The next second they're two flights below you.
And, since you are wearing your very fashionable skinny jeans, you cannot bend down far enough to get in the slide without exposing the crack of your ass.
So, all you can do is scream, "Parker!
Get back up here!
Why did you go down that slide?
Parker!!!
" I'm just sayin...it would be nice to have an adult trailing the pack.
3) Bring some water.
The kids will need it.
Lots of fun and exploration for the kids.
It's a little too crowded on the weekends and much more enjoyable on a week day.
General admission is $12 and children under 1 are free.

Definitely a great museum.
We happened to be here on an extremely busy day.

So interesting to take your child to.
I've been taking my daughter since she was 2 here when we come to Vegas.
She loved it then and still loves it at 7.
It's clean, interesting and well rounded with the the learn games that kids need to be able to use to solve problems.
I only concern is when local schools bring the students.
They get out if control and sometimes ruin it for visitors.
Might be something the museum might want to think about.
My daughter was push out of areas because older kids came in and took over very rough group.

When in Vegas with my kids I ensure they get a day at the discovery center.
Great place to let them run around all day and fall to sleep once they are in the car.

This place may be newest favorite place to go to.
Too bad it's so dang far from me!
The location is downtown but it's all brand new so the inside is pretty uh-mazing!
The first time we went was spring break weekend.
It was probably not the best time to check it out as there was sooooo many kids.
Even the employees told us to either come on the weekday or come early.
The hours change as we head into the summer so make sure you check what time they open.
We decided on a season pass as $12 a person even for little tots was just worth it.
We got the Mac daddy of season passes where we can bring a total of 8 people into the museum.
Anyways, downstairs there is the water world, toddler town and the ship room.
Water world is pretty popular as it's right by the door.
The summit is this huge and I mean huge 3 story thing that has so many activities that you could probably be in there for a good couple of hrs.
Overall it's really neat.
However, it is probably not as suitable for toddlers under 3?
There were a lot of mind solving activities which I would have loved to do but with a tot in tow it's not the best idea.
There's staff everywhere and bathrooms on each floor (3 stories).
I would def recommend this place!

Long drive for us, so we've only been here three times or so.
Don't expect to be able to stay in a group (depending on your group of kids).
It's a FANTASTIC place with tons of activities no matter your child(ren)'s personality.
Unfortunately for me, my son is very physical, so instead of playing pretend on the stage or the little shopping area, or even just making crafts and cars...yea, my son climbed all the way up the four-story central playgym tower.
It's basically a McD's playplace 300% better.
Each platform (and there are multiple ones) has some sort of interactive offer (musical instruments, ear anatomy, tornados, pilot machines, etc.
) built into it.
Slides and climbing apparatuses connect levels like Candyland.
Seriously, if your kid is young enough to need supervision so he doesn't hurt himself or get lost, be prepared to climb all over this playgym tower.
It's exhausting, truly, but in a good way.
And hey, once you get to the top, there's a heat sensor that's pretty nifty and a wall that lights up glowsticks like a spaceship control center.
I spend a lot of time there.
:)  P.S.
Two minute walk away from this place is a rather nice park.
I'd recommend sitting down there for lunch.

Before buying the yearly membership make sure you follow up on it.
we have been waiting for over a month for our family membership cards and called again today and said its going to take another 2 more weeks.
whoever is processing this paperwork is slacking big time...

This was a big DC!
My toddler son enjoyed it and we can't wait to bring him back when he is a little older.
Great place for dads to spend with the kiddies if they don't want to go outlet shopping next door!

A bit expensive but so worth it.
My one and two year olds had a blast.
Lots to do.
We stayed from 10-2 and my boys were busy the whole time.
They loved the pirate ship and craft center.
We were there on a Wednesday and it wasn't too crowded.

We love this place!
We are San Diegans who spent a few days in Vegas with our 2-year-old and 8-month-old, and sought out fun things for the kids.
This was highly rated, and while I felt excited to take my very young kids to a discovery museum (reminiscing about the Exploratorium in San Francisco), I admittedly felt like I would be pushing "boring" on my toddler.
This was not the case at all.
She and my 8-month-old son loved it.
It had all the same cool aspects I remembered about The Exploratorium (and quite a bit more) in a fun environment.
My husband and I both agreed we'd get a membership if we lived anywhere close-by.
I can't even get into how much stuff there is here, but there's plenty of informational education, as well as hands-on and visual learning.
Our highlights (we spent a ton of time downstairs and rushed through the second and third floors) were the water area, pretend-play area, and the infant/toddler room, all on the first floor, and the jungle gym tying all the floors together.
There were two more floors that seemed focused on bigger kids, but we still had fun there.
This included the adults.
We wish we had come sooner so we could have spent more time here.
There was a lot of positive socialization for the kiddos; the other kids were very nice and well-behaved (as were the other parents).
I gathered from another mom that, even after regular visitation, it's hard to rip one's kids from this place.
This place was the highlight of our trip.
(Well, that and a Wolfgang restaurant.

If I could give more than 5 stars I would.
We came here a few weeks ago for the first time and have been back twice already.
We even purchased a family membership.
Yes, we are still waiting on our paperwork, but if you show I.d.
you can still go in with your membership.
They said they're behind in processing paperwork (no biggie to me if I can still get in).
They have a toddler play room with a small infant play area and a room with water tables.
My son loves it, he could stay in there forever.
They even provide slickers for the kids.
This place is 3 stories of fun for kids of all ages.
They also have different exhibits and events.
If you do the membership you can bring guests in for free with you too.
This place is just awesome.
Highly recommend checking it out.
One tip, if your child is going to play in the water area bring extra clothes lol also, park in the parking structure, it's FREE!
General admission for ages 1-99 is $12

Such a awesome place to bring kids all ages.
My son of  3yrs had a great time.
Was extremely exhausted.
Once got home sleep time for him while daddy went gambling for a bit.
Im in my 30's I had fun chasing and watching son giggle up a storm in vegas.
Was not exspecting to have such a blast!!

Great place for kids to have fun.. My kids loved the water part of it the most.
They have many things to go there we spent 3 hours there and the only reason we left was cause we were hungry.
I will be going back soon.

So many levels of fun.
Favorite 3 exhibits: Water World first level.
Kids can get super wet!
They do offer rain jackets with super cute ears.
Wind Tunnel top level.
Princess Castle/Pirate ship - first level.
Hours of dress-up and adventure fun.
I wish they had local discount rate.
12 bucks per person when you have kids younger than 5 seems a bit steep.
Kids love the Smith's shopping section, but for the amount of kids that are there it gets a bit hectic and everyone is fighting for the cash registers and cash.
The one in San Antonio has a full floor of a store sponsored be HEB.
It is very easy to lose your kids so you have to invoke the stay on the same level and same section of the Museum.

I am giving three stars because I signed up for a family membership at the end of April and it is now mid June and I have not received my membership card.
I have called and left messages 3 times with the membership coordinator and her VM says will return calls within 48 hrs and haven't heard anything.
My kids love this place and I enjoy bringing them but this is ridiculous.
I sent an email to the membership lady last night so we will see what happens.
I know I'm not the only one this has happened to!

Great place to bring kids.
It's hard to find a place that all the kids can have fun.
Mine are 1-11 and this place in perfect for them all.
We signed up for the membership.
Made sense all we need to go is 2.5 times in a year and that seems doable.
I wish there was a bigger food court area.
Other than that it's a great place.

They heard about it on the radio, kids at school had shared their experiences, and they begged and begged me to go.
So, for my birthday we had family day at the discovery museum.
And it was great, there are several levels of fun to explore and play on.
The kids in our group ranged in age from 3-12 and they were all kept busy and engaged in a wide range of activities.
We stayed for hours until the children were so starving that they physically could not play another minute.
While there is a sitting/eating area, there is no cafe or food service.
But bring your own snacks or a cooler and you and your kiddos should be fine.
It may also be a good idea to bring an extra shirt for each child as the AWESOME water area will undoubtedly soak your children.
I couldn't help but play in the science area and the water play room was SO fun, I did get stuck in a tunnel but had fun climbing around anyways.
It was a great way to get out of the house, stay out of the sun, tire the kids out, and have a blast while doing it!
We actually bought the year pass so we can go whenever we feel like it.
There are rotating exhibits and shows that change all the time so your experience is always different and always great.

This place is great to take the kids.
I love the new location and there is so much to do.
It is a great asset to the Las Vegas valley when so much of the town is geared towards adult entertainment.
My kids especially love the bubble area as well as the mini city area.
There is also a great baby/toddler area as well.
There is also a great table area you can eat snacks at in front as well as vending machines.
So much to do so plan a whole afternoon.

We took our daughter here for the first time for her 4th birthday, and I'm definitely glad we did.
She was absolutely in love with this place!
There are so many things to do in this museum, and I remember loving it when I went to the one in Houston, Tx when I was about 10 years old.
It's not only for children but for any persons at any age!
There are three stories of different themed area, but my daughter's favorite had to be the water station which is located on the first floor.
They have this huge three-story playground.
I would've gone in it if my daughter was up to it, but she wasn't.
Admission is $12/person, and they also have membership prices as well.
I recommend taking your little one here.
It's a fun place to learn for the kiddos and the adults as well!

We took the kids here and the entire family had a great time!
There are so many things to do.
As a family we did the investigation area.
It took some time but worth it.
I love how there are employees everywhere to help out with exhibits or to help locate your child.
I felt that my kids were safe in this environment.
I am not a Las Vegas resident; i highly recommend this place for out of town visitors with kids.
Come visit here!....You will be out if the heat, kids can roam around on their own, hands on activities, they will have fun, but most important...they will learn!

Really neat museum for kids.
Our lil dude is maybe a bit young for it, at 13 months.
But they still had a toddlers only room, as well as an 18 months and younger play area within that room.
So he still had a great time there.
He also enjoyed the water station, which had an area short enough for him to cruise by the water and play with the plastic balls and such.
I think that the museum's sweet spot is 3-13, but there's wiggle room on either end of that spectrum.
I don't think I saw one child in the museum who looked bored.

