Just went to Modern Margarita's VIP party last night and had a wonderful time.
The décor is contemporary and the patio is fantastic!
The first thing that you notice when you walk in is the open bar which has seating all around from the inside and outside patio creating a seamless transition from indoor to outdoor.
We were able to sample the Modern, Sonoran, Yoga and Spicy Mango margaritas as well as a variety of their menu items.
The Modern Margarita is the classic, the Sonoran fruitier, the Yoga (Skinny Girl) a play on the classic with Triple Sec and Seltzer to give it some bubbles and the Spicy Mango is definitely what it says it is!
My personal favorite was the Yoga.
The food consists of some of the best chips, salsa and guacamole I have ever had as well as an assortment of street tacos, small plates and burgers.
We had the pork and chicken street tacos which were equally delicious.
I can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items!
Hands down my new favorite ultra-chic margarita mecca.

Since I'm personal friends with the people of this place, I'll write my review strictly about the facts.
The place is super cool and with an amazing patio.
The massive bar is awesome and pretty comfortable furniture.
Also since I'm a Mexican food expert (or at least I think so) the guacamole is by far the closest to the real thing that you can find in AZ and the salsas are super tasty.
They also have a Mega Margarita that is great for sharing (you know, sharing is caring).
Besides my friendship with this guys, I seriously think this is a great addition to the area!
Cheers  PS The bathrooms are spacious and they have a mirror, so you can check your smile without having to worry about embarrassment (to make sure there's no guacamole in your teeth)

This place is a disaster for drinks.
The music is that loungy music you would never listen to on your own-  Not techno, just bad loungy music there-  Hate that kind of music.
If you get a Margarita, its tough to get more than two sips of your own drink.
They use so much ice,  No kidding,   I could drink the margarita in 30 seconds or less.
Everything is pre-made for the most part and there is so little liquor used you feel you are paying for Margarita flavored Kool-Aid for $8.00 at a time.
They can't screw up a shot of a Tequila and there is a large(and expensive) selection.
I am not a cheap guy, but hate being ripped off.
I hope this review kicks them in the butt a little bit.
I did not try the food but I went to Modern Margarita to have of  course;  a Margarita.
I will be skipping this place in the future.
A good place to meet in front of and then go somewhere else.

Just had a mid-day lunch at Modern Margarita.
Great Place!
I am not one to write a review about a restaurant, but felt compelled for MM.
Nice place to go for lunch!
My wife and I sat outside on the patio, which provided us with a nice view of the whole establishment.
Attention to detail is obvious, with the natural wood colors, and concrete countertops on the bar.
I was curious about the Hot Mango Margarita, so I thought I would give it a try.
Yeap...It's spicy!.
But really good.
Worth a try.
We both enjoyed our food, (Pork Street Taco's and Steak Salad) and the presentation.
The service was friendly and attentive.
After going for lunch, we now want to go back from dinner and drinks.
The day time vibe is cool, but I bet the evening is even better.
To the owners...nicely done.
We look forward to coming back and spreading the word!
Thanks for opening in City North.
It's nice to see businesses opening up in this great location!
GRACIAS!

Went a few days ago, shortly after their opening.
Did not see their sign, but we found the place by the crowd in front.
Every seat at the bar and all tables were taking.
We found some spa e at the bar and ordered some drinks.
No surprise, given their name, as they have a number of different margaritas.
I went with the "Rustic" which was supposed to be a little spicy, but did not register on my heat index.
Ordered the grilled fish tacos, which were great!
The place had a good vibe to it, with hip music adding to the experience.
Finally, our server, Michelle was friendly and efficient, so the staff had obviously been well trained.

Great drinks and bartenders, but that's where it ends.
Hostess stand and table staff too slow.
People waiting outside and multiple empty tables unbussed outside.
Saw one couple steal a dirty table.
Hostess noticed and did nothing, which caused an argument with the server.
Very unprofessional.
Give them time, they might improve.

Pros- Great ambiance and decor, love the patio and booths.
Pretty good happy hour prices for drinks and appetizers.
I ordered shrimp tacos and they were delicious!
Cons- Inexperienced servers and bussers, we had a busser approach our table with a gray bucket, he then proceeded to scrape our finished plates across the table dumping them in the bucket.
Sort of made me feel like I was in the school cafeteria.
Also, rather small portions, if you're a dude you'll probably want to get 2 orders of tacos.
This place definitely has great potential after they iron out the kinks!

Went here to celebrate a birthday a couple days back with family and was pretty disappointed in the food.
I would give this place one star but the atmosphere is pretty hip and I appreciate that so I'll add a star but ONLY for that.
There were 5 of us and not one of us liked the food unfortunately.
The "medium" burger we ordered was rock hard, and the salads were not very flavorful.
Another one of us ordered tacos and they were bland and couldn't be finished due to the taste (or lack thereof).
The salsas for this place were decent and then I find out after the fact that they charge $6 for chips with the trio of salsas (what?).
The server should have mentioned that they charge for chips.
The moscow mule I ordered was too sweet (think melted lime-flavored Otter Pop) -- I'll  be back here but only for drinks that come out of a bottle from a manufacturer..
Sorry MM, I really wanted to like you guys and the manager was super-cool (comped a couple of dishes) and friendly but there are too many other places to go around here that have great food and cocktails for the price you're charging!
I'm sad because I'm really rooting for City North too!

HORRIBLE EXCUSE FOR A RESTAURANT.
Honestly I don't complain much and I never write negative reviews but this was an all time low.
Let me start by saying we were walked right back to the worst table in the house, the atmosphere was so cool, and the patio really nice, yet somehow we got escorted to a tiny table near the bathrooms.
I got whiffs of the bathrooms every time the doors opened and closed.
I asked if we could sit outside and was told "no sorry this is all we have.
" She didn't even offer to have us wait a few minutes while they cleared a table.
It gets worse.
We were not acknowledged for about 25 minutes and once we were we ordered chips, salsa, and guac, and gacos.
Over an hour later we still had not received a damn thing.
Not even an apology or an acknowledgement from the server.
When my husband finally asked, she said oh the kitchen is making the chips.
(Really?
In a Mexican restaurant?
) sounds like you forgot to order them.
(P.s they charge for chips, salsa and guac..not cool).
Finally after about an hour and a half the food came out and I wish we would have walked out of this place.
The carne asada tacos were so disgusting I had to spit them out in my napkin..pure fat..hard meat, awful.
The fish tacos were decent but noting.
Great and the salsa sucked, overall it could not have been a worse experience.
The only thing the waitress did do was comp the 3 dollar chips at the end, Thanks.
Loud music bumping, inexperienced servers, unprofessional service, horrible food.
I'll be shocked if this place survives another 6 months.

Anytime we are in Tempe we always eat at sister restaurant Modern Tequila and since we live in North Phoenix, definitely was looking forward to sampling this joint.
So here is my experience -- our server was either not very smart or borderline rude, couldn't figure out which (Michelle) never brought us silverware or plates even after our main course showed up.
When I asked her for silverware she only brought one fork, not for anyone else at the table...girl was in such a hurry that she missed out on at least 4 more drink orders and acted slightly put out when we stopped her to order another round, I don't get it, made me feel uncomfortable just asking for another margarita (good margi's.
) With that said will not let this initial experience keep us from hanging on the patio again.

Great food and drinks!
The place has a cool vibe and they just started bringing a DJ in for the weekend.
Came in here with friends for lunch on a Sunday and they were featuring happy hour all day and the DJ was awesome!!!
He played a good mix of music and it definitely added to the ambiance of the place.
Great place and I'm definitely considering myself a "regular"!!!!
Highly recommend this place!!

I had high hopes, but stay away!
I've been here twice hoping my first try was a bad night for them.
As others have said, the staff is not experienced, not friendly, and almost pissy that they are working.
We walked in and the bar tender just stared at me and my hub.
A patron had to tell us to find our own seat.
THEN...there was a shard of glass in my margarita.
The manager handled it poorly.
Blamed dishwasher?
The patio and decor are nice, but staff ruin it.
Had to ask for every little thing...napkin,straw, silverware, etc.
seriously needs improvement bf ill spend money there again

Great Tacos, Great Margaritas, Great Happy Hour

I was invited to Modern Margarita via their Facebook for one of their first nights.
I enjoyed the food but was a little disappointed with the drinks.
When I asked to change the tequila to something a little "higher shelf" they were unable to do it.
They pre-mixed everything instead of making items fresh.
I am hoping that as they get through the initial opening, they are able to help customers out with requests like these.
Overall the service was good, the atmosphere was nice.
It feels very much like a new "trendy hot spot" where often people are looking to see and be seen.
If I have a group of girlfriends looking for a night out, this place will now be on the list.

I'm rounding up because I had a really good time.
The place is very nice, I like the patio, this is the same location were the coffee shop used to be.
We were a group of 17 women, so you can imagine our poor server was a little overwhelmed.
I had the steak skewers and those were amazing, the chimichurri sauce was great.
Very similar to the one I had in Argentina several years ago.
I was not in the mood for a margarita, but most of my friends had several, they look good and my friends said it was tasty.
I will definitely come back to try other items, and my steak skewers.

Im giving two stars because it used to be ok. over all This place was a lot better when they first opened.
Their drinks have become weak, their chips changed and now taste stale and have that thick store bought texture and artificial yellow color to them, and food almost always comes out cold.
We used to be fans... Definitely not coming back.
There service is always horrible as well, their women's uniforms are trashy and unattractive (one shoulder dingy shirts and yoga pants) , not to mention no one seems to know what the heck they are doing.
Had high hopes for this place but now it's just a bunch of trashy kids running around serving bad food and bad drinks, but not before stopping to give each other piggy back rides down the patio and taking self photos to presumably post online.
What happened to professionalism in the work place?
Don't waste your time .

The Good: Grilled fish tacos = Delicious   The Bad: Margaritas (yes, at "modern margarita" the margaritas were terrible)  Okay: Pork Tacos Guacamole Chips & Salsa = pretty good, but they were out of the chipotle salsa so we didn't get to try that one even though we paid for it.

Modern Margarita has a very cool vibe to it with a beautiful interior and relaxing large outdoor patio.
It's a good place to grab a drink and some chips & guac, but not really great as a dining destination.
The menu is small and there is all of one vegetarian entree choice.
I ordered the veggie street tacos, and they were fine.
Nothing really spectacular but not terrible either.
The size of one order of tacos ($7) is too small to make a lunch, so you will need to order chips & salsa ($6) and/or chips & guacamole ($6).
The salsas are just okay - we got the trio to try them all and the pico and tomatillo were a little bland.
The chipotle roasted was yummy.
The negative with our $6 order is that each salsa comes in a tiny little dish and though you get free refills, our service wasn't fantastic and it took a good amount of time.
The guacamole is good.
For being such a fancy place, it's so strange that when you order water it's the really nasty Phoenix hard-metal tasting water.
Someone forgot to install a filter.
I would return here for happy hour to have a drink and some chips out on the patio, but don't plan on having entire meals here.

Went there for happy hour the other day.
I really liked the other Modern mexican place down on Mill but this one didn't have the same feel even though the decor was very similar.
I had the chips and salsa flight for $3 and the chips were rather tasty and the salsas were pretty good but I could have used some spice.
The happy hour beer deal wasn't great, $3 domestics, $4 mexican beers and craft domestics and $5 for imports.
The patio looked nice but gets nailed by the sun in the afternoon and can be hot even with the misting system.
Wasn't a fan of the fairly loud lounge electronic music, the interior has so many hard surfaces it can get rather loud.
I stayed for a beer and chips but walked across the street to Blue Martini for a much more fun setting with better happy hour deals.
Service was a bit spotty.
I am not sure that I would go back, perhaps I will give it another shot when it's not summer time.

Based on the mixed reviews by other Yelpers, I knew my experience would be a gamble.
And sure enough, my experience at MM was eh, just ok.   All started well.
My two friends and I were greeted and promptly seated in a booth.
The decor is really modern and the booth was comfy.
The perfect size for chatting with friends...if you can hear them!!
The music is SO loud that we all noticed it.
We had to yell to be heard.
Some songs were louder than others and it became unbearable.
Finally, we asked them to turn it down and they did.
Whew!!
Now for the food.
Ordered the salsa flight, guacamole, vegetarian tostadas, chicken skewers and steak skewers to share.
I wondered if the tortilla chips were from the bottom of a bag.
Half of the basket consisted of small, broken chips.
No bueno!
The salsa trio was great.
I particularly enjoyed the salsa verde.
The guacamole was average.
The chicken and steak skewers were really delicious and the sauces that accompanied them were very nice touches.
Vegetarian tostadas were fantastic and very flavorful!
I ordered one wine and one Mexican beer.
Can't go wrong there.
Service: our server was friendly but she wasn't consistent in asking us if we enjoyed our food or if we needed anything.
Had to ask someone else to bring the bill and after 15 minutes of waiting for her to pick it up, I got up to walk it to the bar to cash out.
Verdict: their happy hour makes it worth going back but I won't expect much else.

Love this place!
They have an awesome salsa flight and guacamole!
Such a fun atmosphere for either a nice relaxed lunch or a fun night out with great margaritas!
This is a regular spot for my friends and I to just have a great time!
Very much recommended if you want Mexican food with a modern twist!

Food, service and happy hour were really good.
We will definitely be back.

Had a team lunch here recently and the vibe is like it's name, modern yet still cool.
Had the Chicken Street Tacos and they were delicious.
The guac is good too and try their salsa flight.
I'm going back at Happy Hour next!

I went to this establishment for the first time for a Raven's business mixer and was impressed by the service and the food was quite delicious.
I order 2 margarita's on the rocks and had their mahi fish tacos and a side of guacamole.
Both dishes were good and seemingly healthy.
The bar area had spacious seating and the restroom had superb lighting, unlike some bars where you can't see a thing.
I like the modern decor and the bar service was professional and easy on the eyes ;-).
The only minor issue I would say they  need to take care of at this establishment was the condensation dripping from the ceiling yet that's a quick fix, just moved to a dry spot and carry on with the night.
Cheers!

Love this place!
Beautiful place and great margaritas.
Love the salsas and the guacamole but my favorite is the tacos!

I love the ambiance here!
I brought my parents here since I had a groupon.
We got chips n Salsa, two margaritas (mom got a beer), and grilled fish tacos.
It was pretty good food and drinks all around.
A bit pricey-er than other Mexican restaurants since they charge for chips.

My girlfriend and I were excited to try something different up north here.
I may return for happy hour but she certainly wouldn't.
The vibe was cool.
Music was really loud, but it was a Friday night so I get if they were trying to keep up with Blue Martini across the way.
I was surprised at how busy it was when I walked in but then excited about the people watching.
It's a neat, small space.
The host was great.
Very friendly and helpful.
I finally found a couple of seats at the bar and ordered a couple of the specialty drinks on the menu when I girlfriend arrived.
She got the yoga marg and I got some blanco drink with grapefruit.
The drinks were tasty, but the bartender was saltier than the rim of my glass.
We immediately were taken back by her passiveness and abrupt responses to our questions about the menu.
(Which consisted of one question- street tacos are three to an order.
Do we pick three or is it three of the same).
Anyhow, my girlfriend had a shard of glass shoot through her straw into her mouth.
Not upset about it, it happens.
I worked in the industry for years so hey, you burn the ice, make new drinks and apologize.
No such luck.
We told the bar back, he alerted the bartender, she got irritated.
He had to convince to to make a new drink.
She made hers, set it down and walked away.
No apology, no words even.
I grabbed the bar back and said, "I hate to be a pain in the a*$ but the waters and my drink came from the same well.
We need these remade too if you could.
He was totally on board but this irritated her further.
She made the drinks and never burned a well.
I asked her if the drinks came from the same one and her response, three times, was, "I promise... You're good.
"  Never, it came from a different well; im sorry that happened; let me check; is your friend ok... After twenty minutes I grabbed a manager to let her know that there was ice in one of the wells because I watched to see neither get burned and somebody was going to end up chewing on more glass.
The manager immediately dealt with the bar and we never saw our bartender again.
Until she threw the check down.
I'll give credit on the place, the food was ok and the atmosphere made up for it.
That bartender though made us never want to go back.
Before any of this happened, we had tried to make up an excuse to sit on the other end of the bar to avoid her attitude.
I've been in the industry for a long time and have had yelp reviews written about me.
Some good.
Some bad.
You can't win em all.
You can, however, be nice to people, even when you're busy, and let the chips fall where they may.
Unfortunately she chose to play her cards horribly.
Owners, talk to your girl and make a real smile a requirement.

Super great atmosphere and décor.
We got the grilled fish, fried fish, and shrimp street tacos.
SO GOOD and filling.
I had the Hot Mango margarita... Ok actually like four because they were that good.
I can't wait to come back here

Definitely A-OK!
Very cool ambiance.
Yes, the big funky chandeliers are from Ikea, but that's what's so cool!
You don't have to blow the bank account to give a funky, urban feel.
Whoever did the interior design rocked it---I wanted to go home and re-do my house!
The inside dining room was full, so we were seated on the patio, which thanks to the misters, was very comfortable---and the loud music was pleasantly dimmed.
Okay now...the important stuff.
We went on a Groupon deal.
That always makes the service iffy.
Some servers hear the word "Groupon" and shut down.
So all I can say is: "Sit at Jim's station!!!!
"  Totally great guy----attentive without hovering, chatted without being chatty, exuded niceness and "I like people and my job" vibe.
I wanted to take him home and adopt him!
We'll definitely ask to be seated in his section when we return---and the fact we mention returning shows MM was a good time!
We had the $60 for 4 people Groupon.
DH and I both ordered glasses of wine and our under-aged Dining Companions stuck to water.
(Jim brought us all water WITH lemon---extra point!
)  The menu is not huge, so we weren't mulling it over for an hour.
But while we considered our options, we ordered the flight of salsas and chips.
Plenty of fresh, crispy chips and the salsas were good!
Tomatillo, chipotle, and pico de gallo.
Luckily, amongst the four of us, we all had our favorites, so there wasn't too much squabbling and with free refills of salsas and chips, we got our fill!
In the end, DH ordered the plate of Chicken Street tacos (corn) and I got the Carne Asada Street Tacos (flour), 3 to a plate, then we shared between us.
Our DC's also got the chicken tacos and a chicken salad.
Then between the four of us, we split an order of onion rings.
The onion rings came with a spicy aioli dip.
They were lightly battered, crisp, hot...so good!
I would say totally house-made.
The chicken tacos were okay.
Not a whole lot of flavor, really---I don't think chicken in any form has too much flavor!---but we were piling on lots of the yummy salsas.
The carne asada tacos were very simple.
Some grilled meat, a few slices of avocado, and a ring of onion.
But they didn't need a lot of dressing.
The quality and taste of the beef was so good!
DH ate half of the one I shared and said for sure that's what he was ordering next time!
They were delish.
I didn't sample the kids' chicken salad, but they ate every scrap and commented on how fresh it was, with the lettuce, chicken, apple slices, cheese, egg...they enjoyed!
A couple of points to earlier reviews: first, yeah, these are small portions but this is more a bar than a restaurant AND it's all about the small plates.
For the quantity and quality, I think prices were very reasonable.
And secondly, I agree---how cool if Jim the Wonder Server had come around with one of those trays of shot-glass desserts.
That would have been a great finale.
We would have squeezed it in, although I have to tell you---between the chips and the tacos and the onion rings and the salad, everybody was very satisfied at the end of the meal.
Good food, great service, reasonable prices, neat ambiance and fifteen minutes from our house----I would be surprised if Modern Margarita doesn't become a regular stop on our dining route!

My wife and I had dinner last Friday night.
It was terrible.
We ordered the Angus burgers.
The meat on the burgers were just two small slider patties.
The onion rings were full of liquid, clearly frozen items.
The wine was expensive and was a name brand, however, what they served us didn't  at all taste like the wine listed.
It was probably a cheap substitute - I think this is illegal.
This restaurant is off our list.

I had never heard of this place.
We hit this place up for a buddies bday after one of his friends got us kicked out of Sandbar.
The name sounded promising... A) Who doesn't love margaritas, and B) a modern hip place is usually fun.
However, when we got there, we quickly found out why its in N. Scottsdale.
The crowd is essentially a 45 year old and up early dinner crowd.
The drinks:  After all this a bar entitled with the word Margarita in it.
So the Margs and premade, and the bartenders just pour them into glasses from a carafe.
This has its positives and negatives.
Positive: The drinks come out quick.. You order, she pours, done.
Negative: No human element to it.
If you request it a little sweet, they have to alter it.
If you want more agave nectar, no chance, etc...
I personally am never coming back: But thats because I don't live up there.
If I lived in Cave Creek or Desert Ridge, etc, you'd probably eventually find a menu item you'd like and find a way to make the margaritas not too sweet.
Like I did by adding beer to it.

Cool place with too cool staff.

Cool vibe, not as busy as other places in the area but food was good...our server was really helpful and great!

My girlfriend and I and another couple recenlty had dinner at MM.
The food overall was a B minus.
Weak points were: weak pours on expensive sipping tequilla served neat (my fav - side note, bartender measure into a small shot glass and then spilled a not insignificant amunt transferring to the snifter w/o sprucing it up - at $17 a glass I expected better), chips were average, salsa fresca in the trio had little flavor, my gf's marg was basically all mix.
Pluses: skewers and chopped salad with spicy dressing were good.
The real disappointment was our waiter.
Young macho Scottsdale type who came to the table with an attitude.
He was more interested in flirting with our girls (side note: both though he was a cheesy joke) than in providing any type of service.
Left dirty dishes on our table throughout meal which I eventually took to bar myself, took him about 20 minutes and 3 requests to refill one of the salsa in the trio which he did by finally brining us a whole new trio (not requested) and graciously charged us another 7 bucks (thanks dude), had to request lime for our Mexican beers each time (i realize how difficult / unusual it would for a waiter to say would you like limes for your beers), our sald came with no dressing and when I asked him for some he actually challeneged me by saying you sure "boss"?
Proof of what an idiot this guy was when he brought the dressing (took 10 minutes) it was oragne in color and very spicy - you think we would have noticed this if it had been on the salad first time.
Gave us the wrong change which took a while to correct (not in our favor by the way).
Despite the above I am not a complainer as I look forward to time out with my friends, good food and service.
MM has lost 4 customers.

No service, that's none, by female bartender on Sunday.
I left and will never return.
Pass the word.

I have heard some cool things about the Modern margarita, but you know.. it really didn't impress me.
Maybe I am too blame because I sat outside and maybe that was the mistake, because many didn't want to sit outside, and the wait staff sure didn't want to go outside either.
With that being said, the service wasn't bad.
I have no problem with it.
The food.
For being a Mexican fusion place (which is what I assume they are going for) it really isn't much fusion at all.
It is actually fairly basic, and if i want basic Mexican food I go straight to the source and I pay basic Mexican cuisine prices.
So here I wasn't impressed either.
As the sun set, it became really cozy out on the patio.
With the lighting and the very open space, I could dig it.. but that isn't why I would go all the way up northern Phoenix to do a patio-hang.
If that is my desire there is way better places down town to do this.
Modern Margarita, I will give you one more chance soon.
But that's it.
Impress me.
And I hope you are ready to bring out the fever-dream mule-kick margarita then.

Came here today with a friend for lunch because she had told me about the mango margarita.
We sat at the bar and when we ordered the Mango margarita the bartender said they were "out".
I was kinda bummed out and when we asked what other margaritas were good she said she didn't know because she's only 20... Not sure why you would have a bartender who can't taste the drinks.
Overall the food and drinks were ok nothing to write home about.

Street taco and skewers kind of place.
Food was light and fresh.
They serve onion rings which is kind of weird but then who doesn't like onion rings.
Lots of Tequila on the shelf that are all reasonably priced.
Nothing high end but it's more of a margarita joint than a Tequila sipping bar.
Place is a bit squishy but the outside patio is pretty large.

Was here for a singles event.
Kind of a skinny setup, but it was crowded, so tough to move around.
Patio is small in the back, but bigger in front.
Huge bar and fair drink prices on this Saturday night - only 4 bucks for a Dos Equis from ole beer bucket gal.
Jello shot girl passed me about ten times, but never asked if i wanted a shot.
Free chips and triple salsa.
Green was hotter than the red in this case and pico de gallo is always a safe choice.

It's a cool looking place.
Have eaten there 3 times already.
The tacos are small and if you are a big eater you might need to order two sets of 3 but they are good (the chicken tacos are very good) except for the Veggie tacos which are kind of only mushrooms and tortilla.
At night it turns into a cool bar.
They even have a DJ on weekend nights and the one I heard was great.
So for food 3 stars for margaritas and ambiance 5 stars.
So average 4 stars.

Poor service.
Waited 15 minutes to place a drink order.
Took forever to close our tab.
Gets a 2 star rating ONlY because the street tacos were good AND we used a Groupon.

If you are going to call yourself, "Modern Margarita", it's expected to have more creative margaritas and a few more choices than just seven.
The food portions were small but good.
We were having a fun time up to the point that I asked for a draft beer and the Asian bartender poured a glass with two inches of head and then poured another glass of beer into it.
When he served it to me, I asked for a new beer and he said, "No".

We went on a living social deal and we felt that this place was fun, great food and yummy Margarittas with great value for the money.
They were having happy hour so we added guamole, and 2 beers.
Started with the salsa sampler with free refills tasty.
My husband had the grilled fish tacos and loved them, however for some strange reason mine didn't taste as good, however i told the waitress Jen and she asked if I wanted something else.
i asked for ONE carne asda Taco and I felt is was very good and again yummy.
I also took the other 2 carene asda taco's to go.
Customer service here is 5 star.
They really try to please their customers.
Can't wait to go back for Sunday happy hour which is all day for food and drinks.

Went there for lunch.
They have more tables outside than inside.
When your in Phoenix in the middle of summer I don't care how many misters they have I want to sit in A/C which we did.
I actually like the food portions.
I got the chicken street tacos and my daughters got the fish.
Some of the chicken was grizzled.
Ugh!
But, it had an okay flavor and the presentation makes it look better than it is.
More cabbage on the fish tacos than fish.
My modern margarita was very good but the salt was on only one side of the glass.
Salsa were excellent.
You have to pay for the chips but we got unlimited portions if we wanted.
Our waiter was attentive and very nice.
Poor City North is such a ghost town.
I really hope this restaurant improves a little and stays in business!

My friend and I bought a groupon on Sunday morning and checked this place out for lunch that day.
There at a few reasons specifically that I loved this place.
The atmosphere was great, the service was phenomenal and thorough.
First, I am highly allergic to mango/ which is a frequently used ingredient in a ton of modern Mexican restaurants.
I asked one server, not ours about the salsa flight, just in case.
Not thinking about it when our server came back he said without missing a beat "oh and ma'am there is no mango in the salsa flight.
" I asked what he recommended and he provides options in every section of the menu in depth and when I chose his favorite, the chilled steak salad, he checked that there was no mango in the dressing either.
He was consistent with water refills and checked on us just the right amount.
Second, he was super knowledgeable about the groupon.
He let us know which foods and drinks counted and didn't act like we were any less of customers just because we had a groupon, though we wouldn't have minded paying full price/ it was worth it.
Overall it was an amazing afternoon, great food, wonderful service and we will definitely return with friends.
Well done Julian, well done!

Had lunch here yesterday for the first time and really liked the place.
Food was great and atmosphere was pretty cool.
Not sure if lunch and dinner have different menus but you can't beat the delicious tacos for just $7.
I would imagine that in going at night time, there's a very cool vibe (1/2 the place is outside and perfect for this soon-to-be fall weather).
Everything we ordered was very tasty and I would definitely go back again.

Slow service.
Bland food, the chicken on my tacos was flavorless and very dry.
They charge for chips and salsa, never ever have I been to a Mexican restaurant that has.
Never refilled my soda.
Friends margarita had literally 2 flakes of salt on the glass.
Only gave it 2 stars because they took 5 dollars off my friends steak salad because she didn't eat it, it was really that bad.

Came here 3x in 10 days and absolutely love this place!
Food is incredible and VERY affordable!
Great happy hour and daily specials.
Staff is nice and knowledgable.
Weekends seem busy I just with they were more busy every other day, for their sake.
Much love!

I really like Modern Margarita.
Good atmosphere, good margaritas and good food.
The guacamole and salsa flight are both really tasty.
They have happy hour specials which are worth checking out.

Excellent,excellent excellent...We always have a good time at Modern Margarita!
Last night night we had a fabulous white bean side with our skewered shrimp.
Everything was good, and the staff made the experience pleasant.
You can't go wrong here.

This place is great.
For lunch, happy Hour or a late night taco.
Fun vibe, yummy and fresh street tacos

Fun place to go with friends.
The "modern margarita's were excellent.
Chips and salsa "flight" was very tasty.
Like the fact the salsa and chips are free refills.
We ordered three types of tacos--they come in "flights" of three.
Loved the carne asada with chimichuri sauce, pork was excellent, shrimp not so good.
Excellent wait staff replaced the shrimp so we were very happy campers!
We plan to go again and try the award winning chicken tacos.
Highly recommend!

I've got to break this review down the middle.
The food quality is just about average.
Reasonably priced bar grub, tasty but not delish enough to satisfy the true foodie in us all.
Started with the chips and salsa.
Three dipping sauces.
The Rojo picate was by far the best of the three.
Pretty average as far as chips go.
2nd course...Carne Asada street tacos.
Fairly priced and tasty, even with the corn tortilla.
Good carne.
For entrees we split two dishes...the shrimp salad and the Black Angus burger.
Salad was average.
I think they're trying too hard with this dish, trying to pull off a sweet spicy warmth but didn't quite get there.
The burger was above average.
Really liked the mozzarella cheese with red pepper topping.
A natural combo, sure to work!
Wonder why I haven't run into this before ;)  The atmosphere is very relaxing, lively and warm with the inside / outside bar top and great fire pit seating.
Not to mention they have like 150 sections of tequila and a little bit of Mezcal.
Very nize....:)  Nice joint, would recommend it for sure as a happy hour staple in anyone's monthly rotation.
Cheers!

Modern Margarita has a lovely happy hour....here is my happy hour specific review:  Patio:  great patio for groups!
The area is fenced in but doesn't block the outdoor experience that is so nice in the Arizona sunshine.
Food: The happy hour menu can be found here:  http://www.modernmargarita.com/menus/ModernMargarita-HappyHour.pdf  I recommend starting with the $3 chips and salsa flight or $3 beer-battered onion rings (at those prices you can't go wrong!
) The veggie and steak tostadas are only $4!
I seriously make a meal out of the happy hour menu   Crowd:  The crowd can be a mixed bag-- there are some sketchy cougars prepartying for Blue Martini (that place is a sh@tshow), working professionals, and locals.
Staff: our server was a total peach and didn't complain about splitting the bill.
The bartenders gave my small group free shots when we told them we were celebrating a new job!
Most importantly, the manager offered to charge my iphone!
It was much appreciated!
We will be back again very soon for happy hour!

I love this place!
I am a taco lover and they are amazing.
My favorites are the Carne Asada and the Pork....they also have a great skinny marg ..
I eat here at least once a week.
Very excited for the wine bar they are opening across the street in City North.

Good food good atmosphere good service.
Liked the tacos a lot but we weren't terribly impressed with the salads and we casually mentioned it to our server who told the management who came over apologized and comp'd them even though we told him that wasn't necessary.
Very positive review of the service!

Great patio to hang out and enjoy the Arizona cool nights.
Server was very accommodating to turning up the heaters.
House margarita and Rustic margarita were very good.
Only negative about the drink: glass is small and full of ice.
Best to go on Monday night when they are only $5.
Carna Asada and chicken tacos were good.
Ladies please take note.....bathroom is for one person.
If you go as a group you will have to stand outside the door.
There is a "troth" for men and women to use.
Very awkward.
Great place for a date, casual dinner, or meeting co-workers.

I didn't have my expectations set very high after only seeing a 3 1/2 star average on Yelp.
But I was pleasantly surprised as the tacos were good, and the happy hour was even better.
I had the trio of shrimp tacos and our table shared some guacamole, carne asada tostadas, and steak fries.
Everything was really good, and the pacing of the food was great as well.
I definitely prefer the hole in the wall Mexican joint most of the time, but the upscale Mexican restaurant has it's place and this one is a good one.

Our first time here.
As a party of six, we tried the taco flight, comprised of 15 tacos - 3 each of chicken, pork, fish, veggie, and carne asada.
Service was slow and inconsistent for both drinks and food.
The worst part - they don't give you plates with the flight!
Only 15 tacos on a long serving platter.
We begged for plates and ended up getting two tiny plates and three coffee cup saucers.
The pork and chicken tacos were tasteless.
The veggie tacos were shredded lettuce and limp mushrooms.
The carne asada was good, and the fish was pretty good except the fish pieces were deep fried in a heavy batter.
As for atmosphere, it was typical loud bar noise.
Much less than I expected.

The food was pretty good but my main complaint is I felt they were trying to nickel and dime us.
After buying expensive drinks we were asked if we wanted chips and salsa I figured they were complimentary due to the way the girl asked.
I hadn't even looked at a menu at this point.
Then before we finished the chips and salsa they brought over more saying they wanted to give us warm chips.
We did t ask and we weren't out.
When the bill came turns out they had been billing us the whole time.
After complaining they took it off the tab but I felt this was a sham to try and rack up the bill.

my husband and i love coming here, even with our 18 month old son.
we get the flight of tacos and even the baby has some!
the food is always on point and the service is very good.
we have been here multiple times for "date night" and always leave happy.

The skinny... the street tacos are AMAZING and the bartenders are very friendly and attentive.
Great happy hour for a quick stop in the afternoon!
Love Love Love the atmosphere.
Open air.
Not your usual Mexican restaurant.
Tequila with a twist!
We enjoy the experience and will always come back.

Love this spot, one of my favs for fun margaritas and light bites.
Bartenders are pretty cool too

Carne asada tacos, that's all I have to say!
The best!
And love their skinny margaritas.
So fresh and perfectly made.
Service was decent but nothing to rave about hence the 3 stars vs 4.
Good little place for some tacos and drinks.

Drinks were pre made and service was very very impersonal.
Needed help.
Bartenders usually make the atmosphere and this one sure did... nobody mingled!

Great spot for a casual dinner.
We were lucky to be there for $5 Monday margaritas and they were great.
Had pork and shrimp tacos for dinner as well as the chips and salsa.
Both were delicious!
The wait staff was super friendly and attentive.
Nice place to sit outside to dine and enjoy the weather.
Will definitely return!

Love everything about this place.
Food, drinks, atmosphere and a great happy hour is a plus!
Yum :)

"You crazy kids turn that music down!
" While I am not even close to the age of my Grandmother, I certainly felt like one Saturday night.
The music was very loud and I could not hear anything that anyone at my table said.
Also, I waited 20 minutes between each drink order.
I do not mind waiting for food, which took almost an hour to arrive.
Cause, guess what, I wasn't really there for the food.
I do, however, take issue with having to wait for drinks.
It is a Saturday night and I am ready to party.
Not sit at a table saying, "What did you say?
" and growing more and more impatient.
I will not be returning.

Super slow service for lunch, patio lame, looking at concrete and traffic,  much nicer patios in the area, carne asada tacos were good, Katie the bartender was excellent.
Overall, an average experience.

Great  place to hang out and have some drinks the appetizer are amazing the chicken and steak skewers are out of this world and me and my husband also loved the tacos the Green dip sauce is crazy good we could just drink it Been back about a  4 times in about  2 months also there on groupon you can't beat the deal that's a plus to go back also      But the music can be a bit loud I don't mind the music but when you can't hear your self talk,  service can be a bit better but overall nicer

Incredibly slow service on multiple visits.
Prices and overall value are quite good on happy hour, though not so great during regular hours.
Early when this place first opened I enjoyed the really hot salsa/sauce and it was served in the standard salsa container, but now it has been switched to a little spoon sized serving.
You'd think that either the price ought to go up for a decent portion or the little spoon size ought to be a complimentary condiment.
Tequila selection is substantial and the happy hour tequila was actually a decent tequila.
This is a notable plus because many places with upscale spirits tend to offer garbage for the happy hour drink specials.
Fair amount of eye candy too, female wise, for those that care.

Came here for lunch with my aunt and cousin.
We shared to mahi mahi and veggie tacos they were great!
I love the salsa trio as well.
We also had the prickly pear margaritas which were great tasting and pretty strong.
Definitely don't want more than one during lunch.
The waitress even found a hair clip for my aunt who just wanted her hair out of her face.
Great service and great food!

I used to like this place but poorly managed and incompetent wait staff.
I will never come back.

This restaurant has a love/hate relationship with its yelpers....wasn't sure what to expect....so we headed over with our Groupon in hand and....I loved it!
It's located in City North....a quiet ghost town/pseudo city scape, dotted with a handful of trendy bars and interesting restaurants...
When you walk into Modern Margarita, you feel like you're walking right into the patio.
There isn't a bad seat in the house.
Huge double sided bar is about 40% of the seating, then a few tables inside and the rest outside.
Great atmosphere on a Saturday afternoon, beautiful weather to be sitting outside...music wasn't loud at all...opposed to what I have read elsewhere, may have been time of day.
Service wasn't outstanding, but it was consistent and pretty good.
Started off with a Sonora Margarita...pretty strong, and my husband had a pomegranate cosmo, which I liked better...very refreshing.
We ordered the salsa trio and chips, free refills :) and an order of guac, which was yum!
I really liked the green salsa and fresh pico de gallo...wasn't thrilled with the red salsa, had a lot of cumin, which I'm not a fan of.
For lunch I had the steak street tacos on flour tortillas which I really liked.
Well marinated and tender steak with slices of avocado.
Came with three street tacos which was plenty.
My husband had the chili burger with cheese and garlic fries.
He said it was really good, and the beef was very tasty.
He especially enjoyed the garlic fries.
The prices weren't that bad.
I thought for the nice relaxed atmosphere, good food and service, the prices were spot on.
The serving sizes aren't huge, but they are definitely sufficient to fill you up.
I enjoyed my lunch, really liked the atmosphere....next time we might try sitting at the bar for a different experience.
Nice place, we'll be back!

Giving this 3 stars for the service.
Bartender Derek was fsntastic.
Steak skewers were bland and dry, steak tosdadas were all salad with miniscule pieces of the bland dry steak.
Margaritas are yummy and the salsa Verde is awesome.
Lovely atmosphere, music a bit too loud.
I would come back for drinks and salsa.
Onion rings and steak fries very good especially the spiked catsup.

Spend time there several times, even bought some Groupons, but lately the wait staff is not very attentive.
You have to ask for refills and no name introduction or real eye contact.
Drinks are good...Chris the bartender is the exception as he actually talks to you and makes great drinks.

Finally checked this place out.....we met some friends there for dinner on a Saturday night.
It was pleasantly busy and we had a nice table on the patio.
Service was good, waitress was nice and friendly.
Drinks were average...I had a couple skinny margs and they tasted pretty watered down, nothing special.
Great tequila list and the pricing for tequila and food in general was very fair.
The tacos were good....but just like everything trendy, STOP putting so much crap on tacos!
Simple and tasty ingredients is all you need to maintain the integrity of the taco.
It's meant to be a simple dish....that was really my only complaint.

I saw this on yelp a little while ago, and said why not try it today?
Well, I'm glad I did.
My girlfriend and I got to restaurant and it was very nice and open.
We were greeted in a nice and friendly manner and ordered our food.
It was a slower day because our food came out really quick.
That's not a bad thing.
I had the pork tacos and she had the carne Asada tacos.
All we could say was WOW!
Those are really good tacos!
And I mean really good!
The carne Asada tacos were really good!
We had like three plates of them.
Also it was taco Tuesday:) long story short, if you do go, go on Tuesday for the tacos:)

First time here...under whelmed.
Ordered (took a long time..no one was in the place) Steak tostados...three tiny tortilla the size of a silver dollar...$7...rip off.
Ordered Carne Asada street tacos...served ice cold...had to be remade.
The manager made it right..chomped the cold food...I'll try this place again....to be fair...

We used a Groupon to try this place.
We ordered the street Tacos so we could get to try all the different Taocs.
They brought out the taco on a long wooden board which was a cool idea.
I really liked every single one of them.
It would be hard to pick one that stood out more than the other.
Lots of great specials everyday.
Happy Hour is a good deal.
Just keep in mind that if you order a Margarita during Happy Hour you don't get the HH pricing if you're using a Groupon.
:( I would definitely go back again.

Wow!
Great food at great prices.
We caught some of the happy hour specials and ordered steak skewers, steak fries and guacamole with chips.
We also, on the recommendation of our server ordered two yummy margaritas.
Despite being super busy we were seated immediately and felt well taken care of by our server.
He was attentive and friendly.
After our apps we ordered tier pork and fish tacos- YUM!
We will definitely be back.

Modern Margarita is a really good spot for anyone that works around City North or the Desert Ridge area  They have really good salsa, guacamole and tacos- you can get a sampler platter with like 16 tacos if you cant decide which you want to try.
They also have a really good drink selection for those tough days on the job.
1 knock I have on them is their slow service- which is due to their small kitchen.
Other than that I would recommend this place to anyone that likes good tacos!

Great friendly place to meet people.
Really Happening!
Super Happy Hour!

Great spot with nice selection of tequilas.
Monster taco item on menu lets you sample every kind they have.
Nice patio, friendly staff.
Will definitely return.

Last night, I enjoyed a fun evening at modern margarita.
When we arrived, there was a 30-40 minute wait for a table so we put our name down and proceeded to sit outside on their patio while waiting.
It was happy hour and the rustic margarita I had was great.
We were called to our booth and our waiter took really good care of us.
Unfortunately, the kitchen seemed to be really backed up because it took our food forever to come out.
After all the wait, the food was just ok: the shrimp salad had a great dressing, but the shrimp themselves were really overcooked and dried out and the grilled fish on my fish tacos were also overcooked.
The drinks were great, our server was friendly, but the food was lackluster.
I would suggest this place to go for happy hour and enjoy their drinks and lively atmosphere.

This place is so on point!!
Came after being told by friends, now it's in my rotation!
Everytime I go it is a great time.
I love sitting at the bar with Chris or Derek and having their signature margaritas.
Good place to watch games, hang out with friends, meet other neighborhood peeps.
Carne Asada tacos are da bomb!
Highly recommend this joint.
If you haven't been yet, check it out asap!

I love this restaurant!
What a great place to have good modern Mexican food and drinks.
The staff is so friendly and great, especially the manager Brian.
I come back here every chance I get and its amazing every time!

Food is good.
Great pulled pork and guac.
The Margs are NOT modern, and use the same sweet and sour they use in Minnesota.
The service is habitually slow and unattentive.
Definitely go to get some beers and tacos.
Just don't be in a hurry.

Great street tacos & salsa.
Had the broiled fish and the shrimp, were fantastic.
Margarita was perfect.
Flan was overcooked, but they topped it with Avion expresso whipped cream and it was unbelievable.
I wouldn't order the flan again though.
Servers are always very nice and helpful.

I come for the carne asada tacos, endulge in the plethora of margarita flavors (hefe... Do you know what the word "plethora" means?
) and if that wasn't enough I typically find myself googly-eying any one of the north scottsdale cougars that frequent city north!
Gotta stop typing my food just showed up and it's becoming really tough to writefghhhvvddrgvb

I love coming to this place!
I live really close and when this place first opened I had to check it out because I was attracted by their whole set up.
I usually come here to have a few drinks with some friends at the bar when we want to just sit and talk somewhere not to crowded.
Music is good and so is the food!
All the times I been here it was great service and I'll definitely keep coming back

Great margaritas & food!!!
No heartburn with these Margs thanx to fresh squeezed sweet n sour mix.
The steak skewers & carne asada tacos are Tote delish!!!!
3 star only because service at tables is hit n miss... Service at the BAR is always EXCEPTIONAL, quick & friendly so if you are on a time schedule I recommend sitting there.
But, I am not in a hurry so I will sit back relax & enjoy:)

This is a fun, LOUD place that can be a great place for a weekend out and I used to recommend it to all my friends.
This week, however, they presented a "new exciting menu" that changed nothing except adding higher prices!
My favorite, the "Taco Flight" offers a plate of 15 little street tacos (enough for 4 small eaters) is now up to $39!
My prediction is that like soooo many other places, this current "place to be seen" will be out of business in a year or so!!!
Too bad!

We tried Modern Margarita on a weeknight and didn't read the reviews beforehand, but as many previous commenters have noted, it was So Loud!
The music was way too loud for a restaurant.
It wasn't a Saturday night at a club!
Besides the music, we had a pretty decent experience.
The margaritas were good.
We ordered a salsa flight, which was ok but it really seems they should offer complimentary chips and salsa.
Alas, we had to pay for mediocre salsa and they were small portions so we had to pay again when we requested more.
We ordered tacos and a salad and both were decent.
I'm not sure this will become a regular place for us but we'll likely try it at least once more before we write it off totally.
In the meantime, turn down that music!

It's awesome!
We just discovered it couple of weeks ago and we keep coming back to it.
The chips & salsa flight is awesome, especially the chipotle salsa.
The Rustic Margarita is my fav and the tacos are all absolutely delish!

Only went to this place because of the Groupon.
Service was okay.
Food was alright.
Didn't try any alcohol drinks.
Won't be going back.
House salsa - Not great.
Like marinara meets salsa.
Appealing because it's almost there, but disappointing overall.
Queso - Disgusting.
Was more like cheese dip for pretzels.
Carne asada tacos - Pretty good.
I got the corn tortillas and would have preferred two per taco in order to avoid them breaking and spilling.
Also, limes would be nice.
Overall, flavor was great, but was more like a cross between machaca and carne asada.
Beans and rice - They were alright.
Nothing special.
Fish Tacos - Not good.
Fish was extremely dry.
There was a tastey sauce, but not enough to fully enjoy it with the other flavors.
Again, no limes.
Iced tea was great :)

Loved this place, lots of comments on the volume if the music but I thought it was fine.
We ordered the guacamole chips, mahi tacos, and carne asada, all of which were excellent.
Will definitely be back here again.

My friends and I meet at the Modern often; usually once a week from September through May.
We LOVE the staff; the bartenders are fun, upbeat, polite, and attentive.
The tacos are to die for!
The home-made chips are snappy, light, and delicious.
A year ago, my favorite bartender was Kat as her margs are FABULOUS!!!
Now she manages the bar and is just as friendly, professional, and eager to please the customers as she was behind the bar.
We love our favorite waiter Jim who attends to our culinary needs and keeps our glasses filled while providing a laugh here and there!
Our group is stunned with the mixed reviews on Yelp as we have only compliments for Julian and his staff in this wonderfully fun restaurant.
Love, love, love the music, the food, the drinks, the prices, and most of all, the staff.
It's a great experience and a perfect location; still can catch the old Phoenix breeze on the outdoor porch when the heat is gone.
My friends and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Modern Maragrita.
It has become a regular treat for us to visit, laugh, eat, and drink.
Katherine

