Fantastic little bread bakery in Chandler.
I noticed their sign in a strip mall near my house and finally stopped in today.
I sampled the Sriracha, lemon, and cinnamon bread.
Since I don't like raisins I bought the cinnamon rather than the cinnamon raisin bread.
The lemon bread was tangy and moist with a glaze on top.
The Sriracha bread was savory with just a little bit of spice and I can imagine would be perfect for sandwiches.
If you want homemade bread without taking the time to make it yourself this is the perfect place to stop by!

Great place for homemade fresh bread.
I have buying my breads there since they have opened.
My husband swears by the srichicha swirl and the newest tomato and onion.
I love the applesauce raisin and around the holidays the pumpkin rolls were devine!
The owners are also genuinely nice people!

You should be asking yourself why you have never been to gratifying grains yet because you are missing out.
The place is fantastic!
The sriracha bread makes the absolute best grilled cheese sandwiches I have ever had in my life.
The owners could not be nicer and they have completely changed my mind about scones.
Hard and disgusting?
Never.
Soft and delicious?
Always.
Prices are very reasonable and all the baked goods are fresh.
You heard me FRESH!
Fresh like baked just minutes before you walk in the door.
Some of the items available rotate a bit, usually with what is in season, so like them on Facebook to keep up.
Just keep in mind they are only open on Thursdays and Saturdays.
So seriously, stop in, get a sample or two and start enjoy some of the amazing treats from GGrains.

Friendly service and delicious breads!
My husband has to have the banana bread every day and my daughter is addicted to the sricha rolls.
This is a hidden gem.

This is the bread you would make at home if you: 1.
Had the time.
Weren't lazy.
Had exceptional baking skills.
Friendly staff that are generous with the samples.
They're only open to the public on Thursdays and Saturdays.

