We stopped here for breakfast this morning and were pleasantly surprised.
We enjoy eating at local restaurants and were happy with our choice.
They open at 8:00 am we arrived about 9:15 am and were the only people there.
We both had the Suicide Jim's Feast which included 3 eggs, two pancakes home fries, two slices of toast and either 3 strips of bacon or two sausage patties.
I was able to finish mine as I'm a big eater, but my wife brought her pancakes home for lunch.
The prices are great and the even have a traditional breakfast with 2 eggs, 2 bacon strips, 1 sausage patty, home fries and toast for only $4 ($3 without the meat) so their prices are very good.
They also have daily specials and we are looking forward to going for dinner soon.

Went here for breakfast with my wife a couple months ago, but never got around to writing the review.
My Mama always said, "You won't always remember the things people said and did, but you always will remember the way they made you feel.
"  That's why SJ's gets two stars....the food wasn't memorable, we left agreeing we'd never eat breakfast there again...like another Yelper experienced, we were the only place in the very large restaurant.
When we walked in, around 9:30 on a Sunday morning, when "The Place" has a line out the door, there was nobody here...I mean, nobody.
I walked around....couldn't find anyone.
Eventually I poked my head in the kitchen and said, "HELLO????
" I heard a voice shout back, "Just a minute.
"  Who knows what was going on...but next thing I know a young man, maybe 20, the cook - comes and takes our order.
He is clearly prepping food for the day.
At first, I think, that's kinda cool that the cook took our order, different anyway.
An older guy brings our food out, I'm guessing the owner.
He never said hi to us really, just dropped it off.
The food was underwhelming, although the portion was enough to fill us up.
I had biscuits and gravy, not sure what my wife had.
I would say that if you're reading this trying to figure out if you're going to go there in the evening, the place is really low key and looked like it could be fun.
Great prices for happy hour beers/drinks were advertised...that could be a good time, but if you're the only one in there, it's just not that much fun.
Two stars....because the star rating descriptor couldn't be any more accurate, "Meh.
I've experienced better.

After leaving Tailgaters at the half Sunday (after being treated like crap by the manager) 20+ Browns fans piled into this place.
Not expecting a large crowd there was only one guy working out front and he did an amazing job!
The drinks and food are cheap.
Service is wonderful and we will definitely be back again.
Only complaint is the TV's are too small for Sunday Football unless you're at the bar.

