Great coffee, and the Dole soft-serve is AWESOME!!
This is the only place I have seen with Dole soft-serve outside of Hawaii

I made a special trip out there to get a Dole whip.
Checked their website to make sure they were open...when we arrived (4.5 hours before stated closing time) they were closed!
There was a sign stating they decided to close a "bit early".
Seems like really early to me!
We were all really bummed.
It will definitely make us consider other options next time!

LOVED this place!!
We stopped on our way from Vegas to Hoover Dam and fell in love.
We are mega coffee drinkers and were so impressed!
I got a peanut butter, chocolate frap and it was amazing!
We are still talking about it months later.
The yogurt is great too!
She had soy AND almond milk for my vegan friend, so she was excited!
The lady working there was awesome, fun, and excited about the product, which made us love it more!

Ah memories....I haven't had Dole Whip since I went to Disney world as a kid and it is so nice to be able to have it again.
Especially without having to trek to one of the Magic Kingdom properties.
What is even cooler is that Dole Whip fruit favors are vegan!
Finally some kind of ice cream like product, in Boulder City, that I can enjoy.
Bonus is that the coffee is great too.

A little bit of Hawaii in Nevada!!
Driving through a dramatic desert mountain the last thing you might expect is a great little place with true Hawaii shaved ice with real Dole pineapple and soft serve ice cream.
It's also a bakery and small menu restaurant...nice sandwich choices, a few salads and entrees...and then those amazing Hawaiian treats!.
Pretty and clean and very friendly service.
If you're in the area, don't miss it!

Went for Lunch food was good but I got mine 10 minutes after my co- worker got hers, had to ask for our drinks 2 times.
Went for coffee before work it took 15 minutes and there was 5 people behind counter they need to have a sense of urgency..We were getting plain coffee too!

This is a great addition to the Boulder City area!
Pastries, sandwiches, and salads are available here, as well as shaved ice, fro-yo, and Dole Whip in 5 different flavors.
They also have a drive thru if you don't feel like dining in.
Stop in if you're coming into or driving out  of Boulder City...ALOHA!!

Recently expanded from their Kiosk across the street Chilly Jillyz now offers a full menu and not just great breakfast items, pastries, etc, but also great sandwiches, chicken, smoothies, frozen yogurt, etc etc etc.
I stopped in for my favorite, the breakfast turnover, absolute heaven.
Last week I tried the pork loin sandwich, it exceeded all expectations, tender, moist, thinly sliced on your choice of bread.
Jillyz has really raised the bar in boulder city.
And did I mention the really great staff?
They lift your day with excellent service and cheerful attitudes!

We love this place, something for everyone, and very well done at that.
Remember they are new and will only get better.
Love the broasted chicken, bakery and the staff is wonderful.

I've been a big fan of Chilly Jilly'z coffee since I found their kiosk on Boulder Highway several months ago.
I take my coffee seriously...and so does Chilly Jilly'z.
They grind their beans fresh with each order and pour through right to the cup.
Unbelievably tasty cup of joe!
I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food offered here.
I make a stop here a minimum of once a week for a box of the the scratch-made pastries that are totally out of control.
The service is always friendly and attentive.
It can take a little while for the entire order to be completed and served, but what you end up with is made-to-order, high quality food and beverages.
Don't be surprised if you're lucky enough to have Jill make your coffee -- she definitely knows how to treat her customers.

We were on the way back from a visit to the Hoover Dam in the afternoon and saw a sign out side of Chilly Jilly'z that said Shaved Ice.
Well, being from Hawaii we decided to take a break and eat some Shaved Ice.
Sadly to say the Shaved Ice was more of chipped ice than shaved ice.
I suspect that the ice was crushed in a blender vice being shaved.
We also paid extra to have condensed milk added to the Shaved Ice but you couldn't even taste it.
Overall the Shaved Ice is not of the same quality that you can find from shops in Hawaii.
We had ordered strawberry Shaved Ice but the syrup used on the Shaved Ice tasted like that of what you would use in a slush or perhaps even juice.
On the plus side was the selection of yogurt and toppings were plentiful and tasty.

Always fresh, always good.
It takes a little longer to get food here than the norm, but worth it.

Thank you, Nelson Q, for checking in here!
I had a good share of cold summer treats this year and I was so happy to find Chilly Jilly'z!
What did I find here?
Dole Whip from Hawaii!
Assorted flavors: the infamous pineapple, orange, raspberry, even chocolate!
39 cents per ounce.
Ask for sample cups if you want to try any.
Pour what you want, pay, and enjoy this refreshing treat!
They also have a few frozen yogurt flavors they seem to rotate.
At one point, they had Sea Salt Caramel Pretzel.
SO GOOD!
When they ran out of that one, I was like "NOOOO!!!
" Last trip there, they had Apple Pie.
Very yummy!
Chilly Jilly'z has homemade pastries always on display.
Also, I usually see a good people in line to order sandwiches, salads, and coffee, but I haven't tried them.
The girls behind the counter have always been friendly, even when they're very busy.
The restrooms are clean.
If you're driving to Boulder City from Henderson, Chilly Jilly'z is the first building you will see on the left side off the 95.
Yes, fellow Yelpers.
It's far away.
Make a pit stop if you're ever nearby.
Definitely worth it!

I give this place a 3 because of the wait to get food and after we got the food it was all wrong.
Other than that, the food was good and the staff is very friendly.
Their frozen yogurt is great and they have Dole Pineapple soft serve, which they can make a float with.
For Disney park fans, it is exactly like what they serve at Captain Cooks at the Polynesian.
It's great.
The yogurt is well priced.
The only thing that needs to change here is how long it takes to get your food and a better attention to the type of bread and requests from the customer.

Well the coffee is excellent the service is excellent well I will have to say the broasted chicken is not that good very tough and dried out

Food was delicious, the service was above and beyond and the restaurant is really clean.
Thumbs up!!

After moving to Boulder City in October I was going batty trying to wade through the line at Starbucks each morning before work, so one day on the way to church (I couldn't risk a bad coffee on the way to work!
), I decided to stop in and give it a try.
So happy I did.
Now instead of waiting 20 minutes for a mediocre coffee I hit the drive thru and have a great cup of coffee in less than 5 minutes.
The staff is awesome, I think I might have to try the broasted chicken tonight.

Best green smoothie ever!
When I popped into Chilly Jillyz, I just wanted a little somethin'-somethin' and was very pleasantly surprised at the outstanding variety of offerings!
There's frogurt, toppings, wraps, broasted chicken, sandwiches, and of course coffee drinks ... the list goes on.
Even with the electric menu, everything looks tidy and organized.
The place is spotless.
Now I need to come back when I'm hungry!

When I see "We have dole whip" I have to stop.
I always drive by boulder city, I mean it is a five mile diversion on the way to vegas and on the way home.
But not anymore.
Their yogurt was pretty spot on for the flavor.
The texture was off but its yogurt not soft serve (like Disneyland).
I ordered the 32oz dole whip float, the first thing they did was fill the cup full of the dole whip and then they poured dole pineapple juice on it.
Finally, the cashier rang it up or at least tried to.
Cashier: its not on the register, but I know its on the menu, how about $5?
This was not a knock on her, I just like that she gave me a ton of dole whip frozen yogurt for $5.
I really liked this place for the atmosphere, and when I head back to vegas I hope to stop there again, though that maybe a few years from now...

I'm sure you already know the lowdown about Dole Whip here, but did you know they also have broasted chicken?
Who comes here for chicken?
Apparently a lot of people!
It's one of the more popular items ordered and they get a lot of customers from Vegas just for Broaster's Chicken according to the owner.
What's broasted chicken?
Well here are the deets:  "it's a different method of cooking chicken, pressure cooked, it's more moist and less greasy than fried chicken" ..that's how it was explained to us by the owner.
The verdict:  I was skeptical at first but now I'm a fan of broasted chicken.
It's pretty good!
It is moist and juicy, the skin is slightly crisp.
The flavor goes down right down to the bone, like it's been brined.
Nice!
Biggest appeal, NOT GREASY AT ALL!
Added bonus are the health benefits...less calories, less carbs, less fat, Im  so down for that!
They have individual meal deals, family packs with sides (mac&cheese, potato salad, mixed greens) and/or you can order chicken 8-20 pieces.
Be mindful that chicken is cooked to order.
We were told 15 min wait for ours.
No worries!
I'd much rather wait a few more minutes than have chicken that's been sitting under heat lamps you know?
You can call ahead your order and pick it up at their drive thru.
How convenient!
We just ordered ours though to-go and had our Dole Whip while we waited.
Since our chicken was a to-go order it was packaged in a thick cardboard box.
It still held well and retained heat when we got home.
Prices are slightly high, especially if you are getting that 20 meal deal.
Then again I cant speak or compare prices to the popular fried chicken franchises since I haven't stepped foot in them in last fifteen plus years.
As for the bakery cafe itself, it's been expanded since October, bright, clean, plenty of room, the dining area has a few tables and chairs.
The kitchen where they prepare everything looked clean and organized and pretty big too.
Heads Up!
The stand where they were originally at is now a hot dog stand run by Chilly Jilly'z it just opened!
Staff and service was great.
Everyone was helpful and friendly.
Even when some customer was whining about how long their corn dog was taking to cook, they were more than apologetic and respectful to that person than I would've been.
Sheesh people!
So when making the rounds in BC last stop back to Hendo is here for Dole Whip and Broaster's Chicken.

I love Chilly Jilly'z!
We stopped here specifically just for Dole Whip after a hike/walk near Lake Mead, but ended up having to get the broasted chicken since I've never tried it before.
Service was a little slow, but they were pretty busy and seem to make everything to order - their huge salads aren't premade and they were even chopping lettuce.
This was a day of firsts - my first ever Dole Whip and broasted chicken.
I've heard people raving about Dole Whip forever, but I've never bothered getting it at Disney.
I got the float, which is pineapple soft serve w pineapple juice dumped on it.
- very refreshing and fruity (would be great w/ some vodka or rum), but it's not something I need to get again.
I don't really get all the hype, but it was good.
Their broasted chicken is supposed to be just like you would get it anywhere else since I read that you had to use their spices and marinating process if you buy their equipment and use the name.
It's pressure cooking the chicken with oil, which makes for really juicy chicken that's also crispy but less oily.
The seasoning was way way salty, and I can kind of see why the menu says no msg - I would've assumed it was msg chicken otherwise.
Even the breast meat was incredibly juicy and moist so the cooking method is a success, it's worth giving it a try if you're in the area - I don't think I've seen anywhere else in vegas that does broasted,   All of the food I saw other people order looked great, and points for baking fresh bread even for the sandwiches.
As mentioned, service was pretty slow, but they were all super sweet, and I think it was Jilly (?
) walked around to make sure each table was doing ok and whether they needed anything.
It was a lot better customer service than I would've expected for such casual dining.
Boulder City isn't somewhere I go to often (this was maybe my 3rd time in 11 years), but I'll be sure to stop at Chilly Jilly'z the next time.
They also have a drive thru and delivery within the area.

Great little spot in Boulder City that I would never have heard about without Yelp.
After spending some quality outdoor time doing some hiking near Lake Mead, we decided to stop by Chilly Jilly'z on our way back to the city.
We arrived around 1:30 and the place was really busy.
There was a line, but that allowed us to figure out what we wanted off the menu, which is extensive.
I was more thirsty than anything so opted for a pineapple Italian soda and my fella got a Frappuccino.
My friends ordered the Dole Whip float, chocolate malt and some of their famous broasted chicken.
The food came out pretty quickly and we sat down to enjoy our food.
Everything was really great and we even decided to get some dole whip for dessert.
I liked everything I tried and although I didn't try the chicken it smelled amazing and my friends raved about how moist and flavorful it is, so I'll definitely have to give it a try next time.
The atmosphere at Chilly Jilly'z is very welcoming and there is a hometown feel that makes you feel very comfortable here.
Watching the kitchen prepare all the food, you can tell they take special care and everything is made from scratch and portions are generous.
I will definitely stop by this place again next time I'm in the area.

Delicious tri tip panini, amazing chocolate shake, yummy dole whip- and very friendly staff.
We'd def stop in next time we're in town.

We loved eating at Chilly Jillys!
The people working there were so nice and knowledgable on their menu.
The sandwich, TABLT, was delicious!!!
They were so sweet, one of the ladies follow us out and gave my son some gummy bears.
So nice!
Thanks guys!!!

This place is lovely!
The broasted chicken is moist & delicious.
The sandwiches and salads are superb.
Don't forget to save room for frozen yogurt!
We bike over from Hendo with a big group of kids and the service has always been friendly.

Cute little spot right as you enter boulder city.
My mom and I had a wrap.
I had the boasted turkey breast, she had chicken.
It was a build your own kind of sandwich type thing.
We had it warm pressed like a panini.
Really good.
I also had a piña colada Italian soda.
It was ok- they didn't add enough cream to it, but no big deal.
This hit the spot and I'd pick this joint any day over McDonald's or any burger place.

This place is great.
Yogurt, coffee, milkshakes, Dole whip and Italian soda.
Large restaurant and perfect for after hike hydration, when you're in the area.
I should've tried out the salads.
I saw them making them fresh and they were huge and looked delicious.
The chicken smelled great, too.
Wish they had refillable soda machine, but can't find much else to complain about here.

The broasted chicken is amazing.
Probably best chicken ever!!!!
My morning coffees are great too.
It really is hard to decide which is better.
But no fountain soda machine?
Really?
I get charged to much on a can of coke that I have in my fridge at home?
We all want a variety of fountain drinks!!!!!!!
PLEASE !!!!!!!!

This is the best chicken in Boulder City.
I absolutely love the potato salad.
I've also tried some if the salads and they taste great and fresh.
I would definitely recommend this to a friend.

Having lunch with my hubby!
Chinese chicken salad and a delicious Cobb!
Homemade sourdough bread..amazing!
We also got a side of onion rings:) and a lemon bar and a pecan bar.
So good!
It's so cool how busy they are getting!
We love this place!
I only wish I had room for frozen yogurt!

Yes, yes, yes!
Dole Whip is available here!
Thank you Yelpers for bringing Chilly Jilly's to everyone's attention.
I think it's the only place in LV/Southern Nevada area that has the infamous Dole Whip.
Nice little mom and pop shop with slightly rough around the edges feel.
We came in around noon time on a Tuesday and there was a decent size crowd chowing down on their lunch, but they all seemed to be locals from Boulder City.
The Dole Whip Pineapple tastes exactly like how it is at Disneyland.
Charm C. and I tried all 3 available flavors including vanilla and orange.
Don't waste your time trying the other flavors and stick to the pineapple because it is just that delicious.
The orange I must say tastes like a cream-sickle flavor.
If I had known the float option was offered I would of opted for that instead.
Next time for sure I will have that because I sure do love that pineapple juice.
I also now see that they sell some type of pressure cooked chicken called "boasted chicken" never heard of it, but it looks amazing on the pictures so I will definitely be trying that next time as well.

This is a nice stop for a sweet treat.
You can go inside or they have a drive-thru.
The girl at the register was friendly and helpful with the going over the menu and their popular items.
I had a "Dole Whip Float" priced at $4.50 for a medium.
It soft-serve pineapple with pineapple juice and whip cream.
Yum!
If you are a pineapple lover then this is for you!
It was a nice treat and I will try the next one with orange juice instead just to see what it is like.
They have other items on the menu like broaster chicken, sandwiches, salads, coffee and a kids menu.
I have found a new stop on my way back to Vegas!

Friendly counter help.
The "dam" was the bomb!
Free lemonade refills and their soft serve by the pound won't break the bank!

If you haven't had frozen dole whip before you have to go here!
I recommend the dole whip float with pineapple-orange-banana juice.
Their egg white and spinach breakfast crescent was also delicious!

After hearing about Chilly Jilly'z from Nelson, and reading the reviews about the broasted chicken, hubby and I decided to try it out.
We drove all the way out to Boulder and when we made it there, we were pleasantly surprised.
The place is so clean and inviting.
The gals that helped us are really sweet.
I called in my order of 8 piece family meal since it takes 15 minutes to cook the chicken.
We wanted mixed green with the chicken order, but they didn't have it so we selected the mac and cheese.
The staff microwaved the mac and cheese when we picked up the order.
She also meticulously made my float, the dole whipped pineapple and pineapple juice.
When we got home, hubby raved about how juicy the chicken breasts, thighs, legs, and wings were.
The biscuits were delish with the honey and butter as well.
Overall, we are fans of Chilly Jilly'z and we will sure to frequent this spot again.

The Skinny: two words: dole whip.
'Nuff said (4) service: counter service - your standard (3) value: considering that it is the only place that serves dole whip in the Las Vegas area (as far as I know) and saves you a trip to Disneyland, I'd give it a 4.
There are a few things that I get obsessed with...the hubs, hiking gear, a good read and tastes of my childhood.
Dole whip fits in the latter category.
Ah dole whip!
I remember ever summer going to our local fair and it would be there.
Don't forget the family trips to Disney - Dole whip and smoked turkey leg stops were a must!
So when I found out that Chilly Jilly'z had Dole Whip, I was all ready to go to Boulder City just to get a taste.
So we came after a nice hike in the Lake Mead area.
First of all, I had no idea that Dole whip came in so many flavors - vanilla, orange, raspberry?
That blew my mind!
Of course I had to try them all!
At 39 cents per oz, it is a wee bit pricey but if it saves me a trip to Disneyland/Hawaii to get my Dole Whip fix - bring it on!
I didn't have a chance to try the broasted chicken or anything else however that may be something to try the next time we visit.
For the fact that they have Dole Whip in four different flavors, this place gets 4 stars.

My fiance & I moved to Boulder City around September of 2013.
Chily Jilly'z is about a five minute car ride from our home.
We had promised ourselves to drop in at some point & for one reason or another, we did not get around to trying it until yesterday.
Now that I know what I have been missing, I am kicking myself for waiting this long to experience something SO special.
The highlights:  1).
BROASTER CHICKEN: AMAAAAAAAZING!
It was crispy, moist/juicy, & flavorful.
It is a made-to-order item on the menu & without doubt, it is worth the wait.
I even noticed myself eating slower because I was savoring every bite.
Seriously, the chicken is THAT good.
We had the mac-and-cheese (yummy) & the greatest potato salad imaginable.
The biscuits with honey & butter were delicious.
The whole meal was a winner.
2).
DOLE WHIP FROZEN YOGURT: Yummy.
There were many flavors to choose from & plenty of toppings to add to all of that goodness, too.
Chilly Jilly'z is the only place in Boulder City (or anywhere near it) that has frozen yogurt like this.
It is unbeatably priced at that: thirty-something cents an ounce!
3).
LEMONADE: Free refills on freshly-squeezed lemonade on a hot day is Heaven.
4).
CUSTOMER SERVICE: Everyone is so friendly & courteous!
We even got to meet & chat with Jill (the owner).
After talking to Jill, I could immediately see why the place is so vibrant & refreshingly original.
She is full of life, full of positive energy, as sweet as ever, & just all-around "good people.
"  Officially, Chilly Jilly'z is my favorite spot in Boulder City.
I wrote to The Food Network to invite Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives to do a piece on this jewel.
I have never written The Food Network before, but I was so impressed with this place that I felt compelled to tell the world about it.
It DEFINITELY & effectively raises the bar on the culinary experience in our city.
-Juju

We got delivery from Chilly Jilly'z for lunch at work.
Jilly delivered the food and was really friendly.
I got the TABLT...it was nice and full of all the ingredients, the ciabatta bread was really good but it was a bit thick and made the sandwich too "bready" but the sandwich had great flavor.
I also got to try the Canyon Caprese but it was on focaccia bread, the flavor on this was really good as well.
Again I had the same too much bread complaint.
For the size of the sandwich it was a good price.
I got a side of potato salad which was good as well, nice chunks of potato.
I'm looking forward to trying the broasted chicken and ice cream!

My review star rating is mainly based on their customer service, which is fantastic.
There are some newer employees that are quite slow in service, but I have not come across one that is not extra friendly.
I've been helped to my car on several occasions and am always greeted with a smile.
Food: The Dole whip is awesome!!!
The pastries are good.
Some are better than others... Sandwiches are good and the chicken is delicious.
Mac and cheese needs some reconfiguring, had it a few times.
I would choose a different side.
Shaved ice is good, but like another review said, more like a snow cone.
They need to make it like purple penguin, then it would be awesome!
Hot dog stand rocks!!
Really good dogs.
They should incorporate it at the main place, not across the street.
If your in Boulder City and want a treat, go for the Dole!

I specifically headed out to Boulder City to get a Dole Whip from Chilly Jilly'z, ended up ordering some broasted chicken as well, and then I decided to spend a few more hours checking out the antique shops in Boulder City.
Chilly Jilly'z is a cute little eatery staffed by very friendly employees.
After I checked in on Yelp I remembered seeing so many friends rave about the broasted chicken, and since it was lunch time I decided to give the two-piece meal a try.
Chicken is broasted to order and it took about 15 minutes from the time I ordered to receive it.
It was absolutely worth the wait.
Broasted chicken is the way to go, it is similar to fried chicken expect it's less greasy, more juicy and better for you overall.
t I am already craving more of Chilly Jilly'z broasted chicken.
With temps hitting the 100 degree mark, a Dole Whip sure hit the spot.
I had vanilla topped with orange-pineapple-banana juice, but there are quite a few different flavor options to choose from.
Chilly Jilly'z is everything one would expect from a small town eatery and then some.
For a refreshing sweet treat that will remind you of Disneyland or some deliciously juicy broasted chicken, it's well worth the trip to BC.

Stopped in here for dessert after having dinner in town.
The staff is friendly and was patient with me while looking over the menu.
This was my first time so I wasn't familiar with the menu and they have a lot of shaved ices, soft serve, salad, sandwiches and for all you Cali peeps they have Broaster chicken.
The chicken even comes extra crispy cajun style!
I will be back to check out the chicken.
This visit I had a strawberry milkshake.
Maybe it was even a malt since they have both the the menu, I really din't recall which I picked.
It was thick and tasted pretty good.
I like knowing about this place now because I have to travel to the area for work often and I can come back by and check it our for lunch and no doubt enjoy a sweet treat.
Another plus is they have a drive thru which is very convenient.

I wanted to love this place.
Maybe I'm still hangry at it for leaving me dissatisfied.
I order the Best Dam sandwich without coleslaw.
I'm not a fan of mayonnaise.
My husband ordered the pastrami and we got a chili cheese dog for baby.
The food took FOREVER.
I watched someone who had ordered before us - get there order, eat, and leave before our food had even arrived.
I didn't realize it takes so long (especially since they have a drive-thru).
My sandwich came smothered in mustard and mayonnaise (two things I really don't care for).
I didn't even bother eating it.
The mustard and mayonnaise were not listed as items on the sandwich or I would have ordered accordingly.
My husband said his sandwich was ok and the chili dog was basic.
There are better options in BC.

The staff is insanely nice and helpful day after day....
The smoothies r so packed and yummy and they can make a kale broccoli carrot smoothie taste like dessert!
Plus, now, they're carrying the dogs from their hot dog stand that was across the street.....The Chicago dog is spot on!!!!

Chiming In       Salads, sandwiches, broasted chicken, coffees, Italian sodas, shaved ice, malts, milkshakes, pastries, cookies, frozen yogurt, and DOLE WHIP!
All of these are offered at Chilly Jilly'z on Nevada Hwy in Boulder City.
Another bookmark that took forever for me to visit, but it was not overhyped by my friends at all.
As soon as my pal and I walked in on a recent Saturday morning after training at the lake, we were greeted by two very friendly young women behind the counter.
This place is bigger than it looks from the outside.
I didn't know they had a drive-thru, either.
There is plenty of seating out front as well as inside.
I also immediately noticed how clean the restaurant is, with white and blue tiling on the walls, as well as photos that are probably from local professionals?
The bathroom was pristine; thank you!
I was looking forward to protein in the form of the broasted chicken that I've heard so much about, but we were there too early as they start cooking that around 11:00am.
Instead, I opted for the TBALT sandwich: turkey, bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and mayo on ciabiatta bread.
You can have this sandwich hot or cold; I chose hot with mac n cheese as my side dish.
My friend and I shared the sandwich, which was nice and hearty, especially since I don't get enough bacon in my life.
The mac n cheese was the best I've eaten in a while, actually cheesy!
Lastly, I had to have the Dole Whip, choosing 6.4 ounces of the orange and pineapple flavors with coconut and strawberry popping boba.
I know how much my cup weighed since the scale at the register told me so and at 39 cents an ounce, a bargain, I think.
The Dole Whip combo was very refreshing and tasty.
Protein and carbs come in all forms, see?
If you're in BC, stop by and get some here.

Yeah, right, this chicken is not fried?
ARE YOU SURE?
Yes, that it what I was asking the cashier because it was crispy, and juicy, and looked and tasted like fried chicken.
Just without the fried.
Its BROASTED.
I am not sure of the exact meaning, but to me the meaning is, secrectly fried chicken that is better for you than normal fried chicken.
AND they have malts, shakes, a self serve yogurt bar, sandwiches, and of course the ever so famous Dole whip.
I personally enjoy taking a day trip to Boulder City and enjoying the scenery.
However, if that is not your thing, this place is on the outskirts and you do not need to go into the town.
They also have a drive-thru.
But be patient because they cook everything fresh to order.
It is worth the wait.
A small hole in the wall, that literally moved from a shack across the street to a full building.
Clearly they are doing something right.
BC has a lot of hidden gems, don't skip this one, you will regret it!

I love Chilly Jill'z, from the fresh salads to the beautiful pastry!
Customer service is out of this world.

Six of us stopped in with a little one in a wheelchair and they helped rearrange tables to accommodate us without missing a step.
Had broasted chicken, spicy wings, salad, sandwiches, Mac n cheese, potato wedges & frozen yogurt.
Everything was really good but if you have a sandwich be sure to have them toast the bread because otherwise it's gummy.
Be prepared to wait for the chicken because they cook to order and it's worth the wait.
Try their ices to cool off!

ALL THE DOLE WHIP YOU CAN ADD TO A CUP!
Enough said.
Sandwiches, smoothies, are some other things they offer.
I did the twist of all dole whip flavors, derliscious!
You also pay depending on ounce, classic frozen yogurt place.
When in Boulder, get your butt to Chilly Jilly'z (it will most likely be hot as Hades so you might as well try to cool yourself down)

Dole Whip!
The stuff childhood memories are made of.
It's especially great since my daughter has food allergies, she can actually enjoy a treat every now and then since these are gluten/lactose free.
Staff is always friendly.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(175/365) "Broasted, Not Fried"  After spending the  day  in Boulder City, we made a much needed stop at Chilly Jilly's.
My Dole Whip Float hit the spot because it was scorching outside!
We also decided to share a Chicago Dog and since we've heard a lot of raves for their Broaster Chicken, we got a two piece basket to share as well.
The Chicago Dog was pretty good, but the chicken was even better...crisp exterior, juicy interior and delicious!
The sides were okay, but if you happen to be in the area, I would highly suggest both the Broaster Chicken and a Dole Whip float.
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4

