IF THERE'S A HOT DOG TO BE HAD, MY HUSBAND'S GOING TO HAVE IT  This Nathan's Hot Dogs is located within the Mermaid Casino on Fremont Street.
This small casino sure can draw a crowd!
The line in the back for food was crazy!
Must be some good stuff .
Perhaps because a lot of fried options are also offered here.
Nathan's was the long line and we decided not to wait in it on the first visit.
A couple of days later we were back for more gambling at the Mermaid and husband and I waited in a much shorter, but still good-sized line.
3 Hot Dogs for $3.21!
They were ready quickly and a small stand had mustard and katsup.
The bread was pretty dry but the few bites of the h'dogs I had were pretty good.
Hard to make a bad hot dog I guess.
They weren't huge but were bigger than I expected for $1.
Worth a stop in if you're hungry, as long as the line isn't too bad!

Located inside the Mermaid Casino at the Fremont Street Experience, this place can easily be one of Downtown Las Vegas's best kept secrets.
This place has been here forever yet this is only the second review to date.
For those that already know about this, when you make the trek to the Fremont Street Experience, as soon as you are anywhere near the Mermaid Casino, you will see big signs and banners of 99 cent Frozen Bananas, Deep Fried Twinkies and Oreos, and Hot Dogs.
They have other options as well at reasonable prices but they purposely put out these specific pictures to draw people in and why not?
99 cents for the above mentioned items cant get any better than that.
You folks that has been to Disneyland know that a frozen banana is now what, like 5 bucks?
Just remember, this is located inside the casino so don't make the mistake of bringing your kids in there with you even though just getting food is your only reason, security will definitely kick you out.
So have them wait outside with another parent or legal guardian while you get the goodies.
Also they take CASH ONLY, so make sure you are ready.
I think any ATM fees are worth the goodness you are about to scarf down.
As for their hours, on Fridays and Saturdays I think they close at either 11 or 12.
Weekdays they close earlier.
You would think they would be 24 hours since it is Vegas and all.
Service is quite decent.
You usually have at least 3 people working at all times.
One to take your order, one to cook, and one to take your cash.
On really busy nights expect the line to be pretty long.
When you get your food, you can either stand at some of the chest high tables strewn about that's in front of the stand or just go outside and enjoy the sights as you eat.
All the condiments you need are right there where you line up so no need to ask them.
On a side note, Hostess is no longer making twinkies but last time I was here, they still had some left so there's no guarantee they will still have some when you go there.
That's ok though.
You still have the other stuff.
So any time you are in the area, make this as one of your stops for good but cheap food and don't forget to bring cash!

We had the chicken strip meal, it was ok.
Tasted like something you can cook at home.
We might go back to try their $1.25 hot dog.
Also, there is no place to sit, you have to stand to eat your meal.

If you want to feel thin and beautiful, come stand in line and look at the people waiting here.
Just kidding.
Seriously though, this place attracts some people who should consider laying off the deep fried delicacies.
This place was the first time in my life that I've had a fried Twinkie.
Yet, somehow I feel like the people that I saw here regularly indulge.
I don't think the hot dogs looked all that great.
In fact, I would suggest skipping the savory items altogether, and going straight towards the dessert options.
I give this shop props for scratching deep fried Twinkies off my bucket list.
99 cents for the Twinkie was a bargain.
This sub-500 calorie treat was DELICIOUS.
It was perfection: crunchy on the outside, melting and warm on the inside, and gloriously sweet with the generous pour of powdered sugar over it.
The ecstasy lasted a few bites.
Then, I started to feel the effects of my arteries clogging, which happened concurrently with my blood sugar spike.
By the time I finished it, I regretted eating the whole thing.
I would recommend sharing, lest you similarly experience glutton's remorse.
At the end of the day, this little shack has: zero ambiance, Midwestern-esque clientele, mediocre savory items, but completely indulgent dessert options.
What's not to love?

MMMMMMMMM Deep Fries Oreos for a dollar!!!!
Otherwise, the place itself is pretty gross (the dining area) and the staff isn't particularly kind.
But whatever, it's in the Mermaids casino so it's not exactly like I was expecting the Ritz.

enjoyed a fried twinkie although ive only been able to savor the taste of 1 i do at times miss our separation but u know they say you are what u eat .
yet theres no bar at nathans it is located inside a casino so order a drink while in line to enjoy one of their  tasty fried snacks

