My husband and I were driving home on Warner Rd and I noticed a sign for Barrelhouse.
Hoping to have a new restaurant in the area I googled it and found a brand new non chain restaurant which opened 3 days ago so I had to try it.
Hubby and I went in tonight and were not disappointed.
Although we did not try any of the signature cocktails, the Watermelon Collins and Blueberry Sangria caught my eye.
I will be back for Happy Hour to try them both.
The restaurant is newly renovated with a modern yet warm feel to it.
Since it has yet to be discovered we had our choice of seats.
After taking our order, Diane our server brought us fresh, warm cheddar biscuits with honey butter.
Delicious flakey and you can see the cheddar pieces baked right in.
I could have eaten a dozen or so.
We split the chorizo sliders for an appetizer.
Homemade chorizo patties on brioche bread with a homemade mayo.
Everything in Barrelhouse is made from scratch and predominately locally sourced.
Hubby tried the White Truffle Mac and cheese.
Cheesy, bacony goodness with little surprises of artichokes and cherry tomatoes.
I had the Diver Sea Scallops in a herb butter sauce that were lightly seared and cooked to perfection.
I love scallops and these were excellent.
I only wish we had room to try dessert.
Molten Lava Cake, Apple Cranberry Crisp, Crepes Suzette all sounded delicious.
I can't wait to go back.
I would give 4.5 stars but Yelp won't let me.
Really there is nothing bad about the meal and service so probably deserves 5 stars but I'm a tough grader.
I wish Ken the owner much success on the new gem in the East Valley.
I am just excited to have a new place to add to our rotation.
Happy hour is Monday - Saturday from 4 - 6:30.

I went there on opening night, Saturday March 16th,  with my group of friends.
Everything form the appetizers - we had the French Country Style Flatbread and Organic Arizona Tomato Tart as well as bread made by the Chef on the day - and the entrees - we had the Moroccan Lemon Chicken, Tavern Steak and Fries, White Truffle Mac and Cheese, and Lingonberry Glazed Pork Tenderloin - was delightful and the portions were large.
The cocktails are very innovative and Kenta, the bartender/owner, does not cheat you on the amount of alcohol like most places will do to squeeze a few extra dollars out of your wallet.
The Cucumber Vesper and Watermelon Collins are particularly fantastic!
The Barrelhouse Roulette where they chose the components of your cocktail based on your tastes is both good and fun!
Even though all 6 of us were already full, we found energy for desserts and we were not disappointed.
The Crepe Suzette is as good as it gets.
The best surprise came when we got the bill.
I expected something way above $50, but got out at $38 with a cocktail, appetizer, entree and dessert.
This type of kitchen will cost you much more in other similar places and you'll have to go to Uptown Phoenix or Scottsdale.
This is a great restaurant to have in the southern part of the Phoenix metro.
In addition, the Chef Larry and waiting staff is very courteous and came to our table to ask how everything was.
EXTREMELY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
Can't wait to go back....

Ok, this is the BEST new place I have been to in a LONG time.
They really do FRESH food well.
The house salad uses local farm lettuce and the ranch dressing is homemade.
Sooooo, much flavor.
I really like the jicama, cucumber, onion salad that was on top of the lettuce, too.
My kids LOVED the White truffle mac and cheese.. it was rich and flavorful.
The chorizo sliders were served on a great bun with a tasty little side salad.
We decided to try the crepe.
SOOOOOOO, good.
The orange butter sauce was so yummy.....I wanted a bowl of it.
The ice cream was the amazing Vanilla from Sweet Republic.
We cannot wait to go back.
The burger and pork belly will be tried next time....they smelled amazing.
The staff and owner were really friendly, too.
I wish them lots of success.

Stopped by for happy hour last week and I was pretty impressed.
We tried a few appetizers- chorizo sliders and pasilla chili shrimp.
Both were solid choices.
I also tried the soup of the day (carrot-ginger with cilantro creme fraiche), I can't even begin to explain how amazing it was.
Hope this is offered on a regular basis!
The beer selection was good and included several AZ beers.
Happy hour pricing on cocktails was excellent, only $4 or $5 so I definitely sampled a few.
We weren't hungry enough for a full meal, but the entrees sounded delicious.
We'll definitely be back!

Stopped for happy hour with a friend.
We ordered the shrimp and flatbread.
They were fresh and flavorful.
The beer selection is really good and the beer was cold.
The wait staff was very friendly and the owner came by to introduce himself.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
I'll definitely be back.
This place is a welcome change to the franchise establishments.

If you are looking for a great eatery in Chandler look no further than barrelhouse!
I went yesterday and was so impressed I couldn't wait to go again.
The pork belly and local artichoke bruschetta were some of the best starters I've had.
Happy hour is everyday, giving you an opportunity to try all their delicious drinks and a variety of appetizers.
Everything on their menu is mouthwatering, the drinks are delicious, and the restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere.
On top of it all, the staff is friendly and gives a great feel the place.
When you are looking for a great restaurant in the Valley look no further than barrelhouse!

This is my new favorite spot for lunch, hands down.
I stopped by on Tuesday with my coworker after hearing a lot of good things around the office.
Guess they received coupons but didn't save any for us, boo!
We checked it out anyways, always looking for something new, and were def not disappointed, first the space is really cute, which no offense, really wasn't expected in this area, especially being in a pretty basic stripmall.
They had the dinner menu on the window, and we can't wait to give that a try sometime soon.
The prices seemed super reasonable for what it was.
Anyways, our lunch; I ordered the Hickory Roast Turkey Sandwich, which had a cranberry-ish mayo, it was like Thanksgiving came early!
My partner in crime had some kind of Beer Battered Fish & Chips dish, not your typical fish and chips, since first off it was sea bass as opposed to mystery fish, and was so fresh it just melted in your mouth.
I had to wrestle her just to get a second bite.
You know...just for educational purposes :).
We were really full but the server tempted us with their apple crisp and we were weak willed from so much goodness.
They call it Grandmas Apple Crisp...but it's so not what my grandmother made (Sorry, Gammy!
) It was seriously delicious.
So with food coma taking over, there was a small lounge area just beckoning us, but alas reality was calling us back to work.
We're already making plans to go back this Friday after work to make our way through that cocktail list.
We so needed this in Chandler, and the fact that it's so close to work is dangerous!
Can we say, Happy Hour?

We had wonderful cocktails & dinner!
Generous portions!
Service was good, but server was not confident on his knowledge of the menu.
Great job on cocktails Kenta!

Amazing that this place is in Chandler.
Excellent food and drinks for an extremely reasonable price considering the quality.
The Happy Hour special is unbeatable, and even outside of happy hour (ends at 6:30 p.m.), the cocktails are very well-priced.
It's on the northwest corner of Alma School and Warner, and it definitely is not a place you would just stumble upon, so I hope lots of people hear about this place and support it.
The service was great, the atmosphere relaxed, great music playing and amazing food and drinks!
The salmon dish was delicious, and I really enjoyed the tomato tart as an appetizer.
Delicious!

I stopped in for lunch at the bar a couple of weeks ago.
I had the small harvest salad and the small plate sweet pasilla chile shrimp.
The salad was quite substantial with roasted beets, candied pecans and tons of blue cheese.
The citrus dressing was light and delicious.
The 3 huge shrimp were perfectly cooked with a lovely cilantro tortilla slaw.
This item is only $6 at happy hour--a steal!
Husband and I had dinner there last night.
The special was a homemade braised leek and ricotta cheese ravioli.
These were outrageously delicious!
Our server was sweet and helpful.
Owner, Ken, stopped by a couple of times as well.
We are so excited to have a real "foodie" destination in Chandler.
I will be telling all friends and neighbors to make this a regular night out location.
Oh, and the prices are extremely reasonable for super fresh, substantial portions and delicious flavors!
No need to drive to Phoenix or Scottsdale for great food anymore!

Unique and yummy.

Wow, what a surprise.
I wasn't expecting much when we meet some friends for Happy Hour and Dinner.
First off the staff was extremely attentive and not in an annoying way if you know what I mean.
The assorted apps where all excellent, the biscuits awesome, and the entrees all exceeded my expectations.
Chef Larry came from House of Tricks and we had a great chat with him after our meal.
Will be back for sure!

This is a place that Chandler has needed for years.
I have grown up here and anytime I wanted to go out for a nice dinner I would have to make the drive out to Scottsdale or Phoenix.
Barrelhouse has brought the same high caliber of food and beverage to my neighborhood.
The chef is making pretty much everything from scratch and between him and the owner they have created a menu and cocktail list that should have every foodie planning a visit.
I have dined here numerous times over the past month and each time I leave astonished  and planning on when I will return.
Some items you must try are the Moroccan Lemon Chicken, the pot roast, and the hot fudge sundae for dessert.
And yes, the sundae has bacon in it.
AMAZING!

You need to go here.
It's tucked away near Ace hardware.
Easy to miss, but don't.
Pork belly is delicious, and the mac and cheese is crazy.
Worth every penny.

We came for brunch and was not disappointed in the food.
The western style biscuits and gravy was yummy but just a bit salty, the lemon berry French toast was amazing, (crisp toast but fluffy and the berry compote was fresh and delicious).
We also had the chicken crepes.
It was a great value and the owner even stopped by and thanked us for coming.
The reason I took away two stars was the service needs to be worked out (he said it was 2 crepes and it was only one - memorize and know the menu and they didn't keep our water glasses full) and there was no toilet paper in the ladies bathroom.
Casual atmosphere and tasty food, can't wait to try the dinner menu and happy hour.

Let me start by saying that this restaurant had a facebook page prior to having a website when I googled them, so finding a menu online was difficult.
I called and left my name & number to talk to the owner to see if there were vegan options or modifications on their menu.
No one called me back even though the woman who took my message was friendly.
A few of us from work went there for happy hour a few weeks later anyway since we discovered their website online with their menu.
The prices were good for happy hour.
The appetizers ranged from tasting amazing to meh.
The atmosphere was great considering the restaurant's location.
The part that drops it to 2 stars was the owner's arrogance and attitude.
OMG - talk about offending his customers!
An order was made with the request to replace the alcohol in a particular drink.
The server told us it would be no problem.
The drink was made without the requested alcohol change.
The owner later came by and said, "I don't do requests.
"  If that was the general rule, that's fine, but no one came by to let us know prior to bringing the drink.
Even the server said that was rude of the owner to say that.
I'm not sure I'd recommend this establishment to anyone driving out of their way specifically to eat here, but it's a nice place if you live nearby.
Just don't ask for any  changes to what's offered.
The serving staff is polite and extremely friendly!
P.S.
there was only 1 bathroom stall with a lock on the door.
The other stall (handicap) did not have a lock on the door which made it useless  REPLY TO KEN:  Thank you for your kind words and for clarifying everything.
I changed my rating based on the miscommunication of the night.
I'm sure we will be in there again.
We loved the atmosphere and your restaurant is a great place to have a drink or meal.
That neighborhood really needed something fresh and new.
Thank you for opening up your restaurant for us to enjoy!

I had mother's day brunch at Barrelhouse, and the food was excellent.
A new favorite eating spot for Chandler!

This place is fantastic!
Excellent food, excellent service and very unpretentious.
The owner is very personable and wanted to make sure we were happy with our experience.
Can't wait to go back!

Absolutely delicious food and cocktails.
We went at dinner time and had the fresh made bbq chips with dip, they were hot and tasty.
We shared the white truffle mac and cheese for our entree, it was very good and included cherry tomatoes and artichokes.
They bring out cheddar biscuits with honey butter before the meal and were also delicious.
I had the "light and stormy" specialty cocktail, which honestly is the best cocktail I've had in a very long time.
My boyfriend had a special type of manhatten and seemed to enjoy it very much.
They have an awesome happy hour with good specials that I am looking forward to going to this weekend!

My husband and I had dinner here last night and absolutely loved it!
From the service to the cocktails, we were impressed.
We enjoy small, local restaurants and we can see this becoming a favorite.
I had the Watermelon Collins (almost like a mojito) and my husband had both the dark and white Roulette drinks.
The bartender was nice enough to come over and tell us what was in the dark and how he prepared it when we asked the waitress.
The artichoke bruschetta was very flavorful.
I had the sea scallops (great risotto!
) and he had the salmon.
Both dishes were very tasty, fresh, and uniquely prepared.
We look forward to returning and trying different items from the menu.
Glad to have this kind of restaurant in Chandler and not have to drive to Scottsdale or Phoenix for the quality of food and atmosphere.

Went back for lunch using the groupon we bought.
It is STILL amazing.
That ranch dressing is so good!
I really enjoyed that salad and burger we shared.
We had to get the crepe again for dessert.
It was even better then the 1st time we tried it.
I LOVE this place.
I cannot wait to go back.

I'm so happy to have tried Barrelhouse!
Stopped there for lunch today and had the Harvest Salad (beets, blue cheese, candied pecans, jicama, and field greens) and split the chocolate pot de creme with a friend.
Heaven!!
The restaurant is beautifully decorated inside and it was easy to forget we were in a strip mall in Chandler.
This is my new favorite place.

Tucked away in the Northwest Corner of Warner and Alma School it is a bit hard to see from the street.
That said once you find it you will want to come back often.
The entire menu is reasonably priced relative to the quality of the mostly local sourced ingredients.
Try it on a Tuesday when they have the free bottle of wine special with the purchase of two main dinner entrees.
Looks like the happy hour is pretty good also with a bunch of $6 items and discounted wine beer and house drinks until 6:30.
We had the Mac and Cheese which had bacon and artichokes and was very creamy and seasoned well.
Our other dinner was the Moroccan Lemon Chicken which had a nice sauce and balance with golden raisins.
The skin was crispy and the chicken moist.
Overall worth hunting for this place even outside the Tuesday wine special or happy hour.

Excellent specials and beer.
Great service.

These guys just opened up down the street from our house and this clearly is one of the best new restaurants in the Valley.
My wife and I just made our third trip in for lunch and every time it has been amazing.
We've had most of the dinner and dessert options and each one is worth going back for.
Craft beer and cocktail selection is worth the trip alone!!

My husband and I had lunch here several weeks ago.
The server was warm and efficient (she said she was a teacher full time).
We loved the food and the ambiance.
We brought friends here for dinner last night to introduce them to Barrelhouse and expected a similar experience.
Instead our server, though pleasant, was totally in over her head.
It took 20 minutes to get a cocktail, and when it came, she served the wrong cocktail to the wrong person.
We asked what the soup of the day was, and she gave a confusing description, no name, just some of the things in it.
After taking the order, she had to come back and ask for it again.
Salads came out with the entree and she brought the wrong type of salad to one of us.
She forgot to split the check (which we asked her for up front before ordering), sent beverages to the wrong table, and when we paid, applied the wrong card to the wrong party.
We almost settled the difference among ourselves so we wouldn't have to wait another 20 minutes for her to correct it.
Regardless, the food was EXCELLENT.
It is such a shame to have a good meal ruined by poor service.
We would like to come back, but ask that the management do a much better job of recruiting and training their staff.
We will try again, but won't accept the same server.
I doubt our friends will be repeat customers.
We need this type of restaurant in Chandler.
PLEASE clean up your act.

(Lyrics - Michael Jackson - Beat It) They told me I should come around here You want to stuff your face of food you best appear The fire's in their kitchen and I their steak is really rare So eat it, just eat it  You better eat, you better do what you can Don't want no bread, because you're a nacho man You wanna be full, better do what you can So eat it, and you just want to be full!
Just eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it Everyone to Barrelhouse and feed it Showin' how hungry strong is your bite It doesn't matter what you order because it's good and right Just eat it, eat it Just eat it, eat it Just eat it, eat it Just eat it, eat it  Barrelhouse is located in the strip mall Northwest corner of the cross streets.
I say this cause I feel it's such an off beat area to have a place like this there.
Needless to say, Barrelhouse is an artwork inside.
The Decors and design is put together by local Asian inspired artist Mr. Gary Hostallero (www.hostallero.com).
Gary gives Barrelhouse a warm modern feel with a romantic setting.
Just pass me my wine and let me lounge on the couch and I'm dandy!
Tonight, I ordered their Light and Stormy signature cocktail and the Lingonberry Glazed Pork Tenderloin.
F'in Phenomenal!
Gotta keep it PG-13 for the kids, but damn this tenderloin was done just right.
Little bit on the pink side and the tart BBQ glazed was not overly poured on.
Some places just douse it, but nope it was well proportioned at Barrelhouse.
Sweetness and just the right about of bitterness with the greens, while my cocktail was a perfect balance of sweet & sour.
Can I say more besides get your but in here!
Service is top notch and the knowledge of their drinks is amazing.
My first magic hat beer here and I'm in love with it.
I have a love/hate personality and most of the time it's LOVE!
haha!
Overall, Barrelhouse is worth the trip and $$ cause you definitely have to try if you're ever on the East side of town!
- Enjoy!

The Barrelhouse is tucked away in the Warner X Alma School area of Chandler.
Their fresh and flavorful food is worth the trip.
We shared their BBQ Kettle Chips and dip while we waited for our lunch.
My husband ordered Greek Lemon Chicken with orzo, feta, artichoke and big pieces of chicken.
I ordered the Barrelhouse BLT and hand cut fries.
This was a special sandwich that was made fresh to order, as is all their food, with pork belly, organic sweet yellowish tomatoes and fresh greens.
Everything was delicious, fresh and very clean.
They offer lots of different beer on tap,and Ken helped me decide.
I highly recommend this restaurant!

I came here just because of Bao's review on FB today!
Food is excellent, could beat some high end place in Scottsdale!
We order a smoke pork belly as start.
The texture as just right and tender, crispy bread underneath was a plus, and papaya salad just added some freshness.
Then the Caribbean Jerk Spiced Sea bass was our entree.
Nice texture of the fish, fresh mango salsa came with it, and some coconut dressing on side with almond and rice underneath, super tasty!
I would give a five star if the interior design/decor was a little nicer.
Some decors was just not too good to match others.
Other than that, I'd definitely like to come back!

GO GO GO!!
This place is so relaxed but amazingly delicious!!
I went with a large group of people and the service was friendly and accommodating.
The chef came out to personally talk to us!!
I am definitely taking everyone I know there, great food, atmosphere, and have tons of craft beers to choose from!

Last night we had one of the BEST meals we've had at a restaurant in Chandler in a log time!
I have to admit I thought the 12 of us in our group were going to a new brewery in the valley.
The name Barrelhouse just sounded like a brewery to me!
Boy was I wrong!
It's a classy, but casual restaurant with amazing food.
Not one person at the table left a thing on their plate.
We started out with the Southern Fried Artichoke Bruschetta...SO GOOD!
I ordered the Hard Cider Pot Roast and my spouse had the Caribbean Jerk Spiced Sea Bass.
Both were amazing!!
Portions were perfect...not too big, not too small.
Definitely food that you would eat at an upscale restaurant in Scottsdale.
The Happy Hour special is great with a good selection of beer, wine and cocktails.
Happy Hour us 4:00 - 6:30 Mon.
- Sat.
They also have a Eat Well, Drink Free deal on Tuesday's we can't wait to try.
Every Tuesday, when you buy 2 Entrées, you enjoy a bottle of their House Red or White on them.
It's on the northwest corner of Alma School and Warner.
It definitely is not a place you would just stumble upon.
The service was great, the atmosphere relaxed, great music playing and amazing food and drinks!
This is our new favorite place for happy hour and for a great meal!
We look forward to trying everything on the menu!

This gem is in our neighborhood we are so lucky.
We were just there and enjoyed everything!!!!
Ate so much we feel like beach whales lol!!!!
I wanted to try everything on the menu!!!
Loved the fish and chips made with sea bass yummy!!!
Hubby had short rib sandwich so good!!!
Great drinks tooo!!!
By the Ken is a great BARTENDER!!!!
Tell him what you want and he will make it or take the challenge and let him come up with one....which I did and it was wonderful!!!!
Happy Happy Happy!

Met with some friends here for late night dinner and drinks a few weeks ago.
The food was phenomenal.
We had the hummus which was absolutely tasty.
I ordered a couple drinks, which were very nicely mixed and just right for me.
The main dishes were also quite good; I had the macaroni and cheese which was nothing like the boring stuff you get out of a box; it was delicious and different.
I even had a few bites of a dessert which was sweet and melted in my mouth (I don't recall the name but it was some sort of berry crisp).
The staff were very good about being attentive and courteous.
I liked the inside of the restaurant and was surprised by its location.
Overall, a great find.
Will be back here again!

Been here regularly since the opening, and between the wife and I we've tried almost every entree and have loved every one.
The mac and cheese and tavern steak dishes are particularly good, and the hunter's burger is a great choice if you're looking to save a few bucks.
There is are also different specials almost every day, so no two visits ever need to be the same unless you like it that way.
They have a good draft selection and excellent signature cocktails.
Wiith an intimate atmosphere this place is perfect for couples and small to medium groups.

Highly recommend this place and will be a town crier to elicit business.
Finally great fare in our east valley neck of the woods!
Run, go now for crazy good food.
Farm to table salad was amazing and I will order this forevermore.
I am eager to see what lands in this dish in autumn.
The carribean jerked sea bass was a gastronomic symphony.
I may upgrade a star after our next visit.
I was so excited about this place beforehand, I want to be objective!

I had such a spectacular experience at Barrelhouse last night that I now feel that it's a mission to tell everyone about this place.
My friends, my mom, Yelp, random strangers on the street....everyone.
Don't be thrown that this place is in a strip mall between a video store and a boba tea shop.
If you didn't see the massive parking lot out of the window, you'd forget all about it once you're inside.
The decor is welcoming, with a mix of booths, high-tops near the bar, and a few couches in the corner.
Watermelon Collins was my drink of choice for the evening.
Perfectly balanced, deliciously summery, and one of the best cocktails that I've had this year.
The rest of their drinks looked equally intriguing - I'll have to drag a few friends along next time so we can compare.
The goat cheese crepe was a generous portion with a touch of balsamic vinegar to give it a kick (the real stuff).
I yummed and ahhed through the whole entree.
The real delight, however, was the berry apple crisp.
I can't even begin to describe just how good it was.
I would go back on the merits of the dessert alone.
It's clear the kitchen and bar staff know their trade.
I hope this place is the new Postino's for the East Valley.

Food was very good as well as the service.
It was difficult to put up with the flies, ugh.
Still we will try it again and hope for a no fly zone for flies next time.

Wow what a gem of a place!
I am so glad my friend invited me there for happy hour!
The food is absolutely amazing.
The desserts are to die for!
Tuesday specials of a free bottle of house wine with two entrees is a reason to go on Tuesday.
I had a margarita pizza because I had too much of the absolutely best I've ever had hummas and it was very good.
Husband had the steak special and he cleaned the entire plate.
Very homemade sauces, fresh, and even though it's in the "old hood" vs where we live now, we will go back for sure.

I really hate to rain on this parade but I was not at all impressed with my experience here last night.
Service was really subpar.
Nice enough, but inefficient and slow.
Also, I felt the food didn't meet my expectations (given the rave reviews).
I'll explain...  We show up a little before 6, plenty of time to catch happy hour.
Upon entering I immediately felt uncomfortable bringing my 4 and 6 year olds.
The music is too low and you can hear everyone's conversations.
We stood at the front for a few minutes (which felt like forever if you're used to being greeted by a hostess and sat immediately).
Basically no one was running the front of the house.
Finally we catch the attention of one of the servers who seats us.
They do have a kids menu but no crayons or anything like that for them (just so you know).
Since we were there for happy hour we wanted the happy hour menu.
That took another few minutes to flag her down and ask for the HH menu, and another few minutes for her to bring it.
Ok, we are 20 mins in and at this point we only have been seated and have waters and menus.
Then our server disappears again.
There is another server (a guy) that also is seating people, working the bar, and dealing with tables.
It really seems as if their hostess and another server called out or something.
It wasn't busy at all.
The bar seemed pretty full but there were like 4 tables tops in the dining area.
An organized staff should be able to handle that.
We also didn't know who our server was because they both were coming to our table, but weren't communicating to each other what they did/did not do.
It was frustrating.
Anyway, we finally place our order 10 mins after we get the HH menu (10 mins after getting the other menu).
I told my husband, I bet they charge us full price for everything since it is now past 6:30.
Our food arrives and our flat bread pizza was burned to a crisp, so I sent it back.
My ranch burger was dry.
The pork belly was phenomenal, as was the Mac and cheese.
I also very much enjoyed the Barrelhouse sangria.
Very tasty and well balanced cocktail.
As expected, when we finally get the check, they charged us full price.
I should have said something when we ordered as I knew that would happen.
I'm BEYOND annoyed with the whole dinner experience at this point.
They did correct our bill immediately.
There are some bright spots to this otherwise frustrating dinner:  1.
Mistakes were corrected without any argument or attitude  2.
I'm not sure if the biscuits are complementary, but they gave some to the kids and acknowledged being slow  3.
They comped the burned pizza.
Even though they brought us another one that was delicious (and we ate it).
For these reasons, I'm going to give this place another shot.
Hopefully (and it seems given the rave reviews) my experience was just a fluke.
I really want local businesses to succeed here in Chandler so I hope they get their act together.

Found this GREAT gem of a place when I yelped "craft beer" restaurants.
I was pleasantly surprised on how awesome the food was.
Usually you'll get a good beer selection but so-so cuisine or vice versa.
The location isn't that great but I hope people will start spreading the word....!

Food was excellent, beer was excellent, atmosphere was excellent!
I will be going back to enjoy the food!
Also, the owner was very nice and personable.
Might be my new favorite go to restaurant.
If you have not been here do not hesitate another second!
Sooooo goooood!

While other reviewers appear to have missed out on what is going on at Barrelhouse, let me fill you all in.
Been here in Phoenix for almost five years, lived in some of best and worst communities, seen places come and go...  Barrelhouse will stay.
Here's why:  (1) personable service - within 3 visits, the servers knew my name, means the world to me not to be so anonymous.
(2) exquisite cuisine - let everyone else do wings and fries; come taste it for yourself.
(3) fare knowledge - these folks know their stuff!
Need a recommendation?
They know!
Ask!
In closing, as a regular at Barrelhouse and the current Duke, I cordially invite you to check this place out.
If you are anything like me or my girlfriend, you'll be glad you did!

Fantastic place in a strip mall.
Happy hour is excellent and the food was super tasty.
Has a multitude of homemade cocktails!

Short Ribs are Bomb!

Great food in Chandler, love the pot roast.
It is definitely worth the try and the truffle Mac is great as well.

Good prices for well-crafted drinks in a nice setting.
Haven't tried their food but it did look good.
The place is in a strip mall with not much else around and might be far for the Central Phoenician.
They were probably understaffed, but the server was very sincere and apologetic.
I'd be back if in the area.

Great food.
Amazing cocktails.
Plenty of local beers on tap (Four Peaks, San Tan, Oak Creek, etc).
Chandler needed a place for foodies and this is it.
Service was welcoming and personal.
I can't  recommend this place enough.
If you're looking for a decent place for dinner and drinks, look no further.
We will be back.

Gonna have to jump on the bandwagon here, this place is great.
Wife and I checked it out last night and were very impressed.
Their happy hour is outstanding with great deals on drinks.
Their signature drinks are delicious, try the good goddess.
Beer and wine selection is good as well.
We decided to go all out for our meal and ate three appetizers and, after more drinks and waiting to get hungry again, had two entrees.
The appetizers we tried, bruschetta, chorizo sliders, and the tomato goat cheese tart were excellent.
The truffle mac n' cheese entree was outstanding and the pork tenderloin was also very good.
On top of the food, the service was outstanding.
We were lucky to be there when the owner of Arizona Distilling Company was there and the owner of Barrelhouse was buying drinks for people to try their bourbon!
Best Thursday night I can remember.

I ordered the hummus appetizer which was delicious.
For my entree I ordered the Moroccan chicken.
For my taste it was a little too aweet ,

I have been here several times and have never been disappointed.
My favorites are the organic arizona tomato tart and the goat cheese crepes.
The blackberry rose is the best cocktail I have ever had in my life.
The food is always made from scratch using fresh ingredients.
Atmosphere is warm and contemporary.
Since I discovered this restaurant in May, it has been my favorite ever since!

Just had the most amazing meal.
This place is quite a drive from my house, but decided to try it due to the 100% like on urbanspoon - and we were more than pleasantly surprised.
The restaurant is in a nondescript strip mall, and I'm glad that I knew to go in.
Inside is a very calming atmosphere - you can tell someone had a good sense of design when thinking it through.
They had really creative cocktails - I had a watermelon collins that was perfectly light and delicious.
I am looking forward to trying others as it is a nice change from typical cocktails made purely from cocktail mixes!
The food just blew me away.
Our appetizer was chorizo sliders, my husband had pot roast, and I had the scallops.
These were the BEST scallops I've ever had (and I have scallops most places I go if they are on the menu) and my husband truly loved his meal too.
We both decided that this meal was better than the last 2 or 3 meals we've had at Flemings, and was cheaper than them too!
Thanks Barrelhouse for making our night!
We'll be back with friends next time!

Good food, wines and cocktails.
Had the Pork Belly, Lettuce and tomato sandwich on 1 visit and the Hunter's burger on the other.
Both good food at reasonable prices.
Nice open air dining room.

BOMB, BOMB, BOMB!!
Loved Barrelhouse!
If you time it right and you can stop by for happy hour...do it!
They have a lot of small dishes and you can pretty much get a whole dang menu sample and not make your debit card cry.
Little artichoke bites from Heaven, savory short rib etc etc Nice craft beer list, and the food was creative, fun and just downright delicious.
Nice dark, sexy lil' vibe goin' inside those deceiving exterior walls... yum!

My wife and I stopped in for happy hour this week.
Place was pretty dead on a Monday but the atmosphere is nice once the sun goes down.
Honestly, I'm shocked there weren't more people here.
The food we got for happy hour (Chorizo Sliders, Fried Artichoke Bruschetta, and Seared Pork Belly) is phenomenal for the prices these guys charge.
Surprisingly gourmet.
The regular menu looks great as well.
Prices are reasonable.
Beer and cocktail list is solid, lots of delicious choices.
We'll be back.

I have just one word.
Fantastic!!
The Happy hour prices are great.
The sangria is delicious as well as the seasonal pumpkin king flip.
I just want to go back and eat everything.
I don't think you can order something that you won't like.

We love the Barrelhouse, the food is great and Ken the owner is awesome especially with the mixology.
That statement may seem a little boring but keep in mind who it is coming from.
My wife owns Nosh Arizona, a gastropub down the street and direct competition for Barrelhouse.
When business is slow and she wants to go hang out at a place and have some fantastic food, its the Barrelhouse.
Ken does some great drinks as well, this is coming from me, the guy who designed the drink list for Nosh.
So ya, the professionals eat here and love it.
Go check it out.

Wow...this place was great!
Really surprised to find this place in the strip mall it's located at.
As others have previously mentioned, they have a great happy hour.
We had the chorizo sliders and the burger, which was fantastic.
We will definitely be back!

What can I say that hasn't already been said?
Barrelhouse is tucked away in a strip mall.
If you don't know it's there you might pass it by.
But you'd be doing yourself a huge disservice by missing out on the stellar food being created here.
Barrelhouse offers some killer bar-friendly finger food appetizers if you're just interested in a quick drink and something to munch on.
However, if you're in the mood for a more in-depth meal they certainly have you covered.
White truffle mac 'n cheese, juicy steaks, fresh scallops and other seafood entrees cooked to perfection at a reasonable price.
Portions are generous and service has always been prompt and friendly.
They also has a very nice drink selection, including around 20 or 25 craft beer selections on draft.
At the bar, Eric will make you an absolutely stunning old world cocktail, martini or other mixed drink.
Truly a master mixologist is at work and it shows.
Be sure to check out their own in-house barrel aged experiments as some of those have been stellar!
There's something for everyone's palate.

This place frustrates me.
They have great cocktails -- strong, creative, and delicious -- and the food is really good, too.
Chandler is definitely in need of this type of restaurant but I've had less than amazing experiences each time that I've been.
I let the first one slide; it was right after they had opened and I just figured that the staff, our waiter specifically, just needed some time to get used to things.
He was super nice anyway.
My second experience was with Tracey K., whose review was posted on 5/18/13.
My husband and I last visited Barrelhouse on Friday, 11/15/13.
We made a reservation and were seated in the bar area right away.
I don't prefer high-tops, especially because they always tend to be wobbly and this table was no exception, but it was alright.
We ordered some drinks and the olive bowl.
When the appetizer came out, we noticed that the grilled crostini was missing.
We've both worked in the service industry and always make a point to be as polite and understanding as possible.
We thought, for a moment, that we had confused the olive bowl description with another that we had considered ordering.
Our waitress passed by and my husband asked if the olive bowl was supposed to come with grilled crostini or not.
Her response was, "It doesn't usually but I can bring you some" which was said in a mostly unfriendly tone.
My husband said, "Oh, that's alright.
We just thought that it did.
" She said that it was okay and left.
She came back with three little crostini (it looked normal rather than grilled, just as a side-note).
By that point, we no longer had our menus so we couldn't confirm until afterward that the dish is described as being served with grilled crostini.
I wish I could effectively describe how awkward our waitress made us feel.
It's like when you ask someone something like, "Is it okay if I put this here?
" and they respond with, "Ugh," *eyeroll* "I guess..."  I had a hard time deciding what to eat for dinner.
I didn't want to get anything that I had tried before and had narrowed my choices down to the goat cheese crepes and the potato and leek pizza (minus bacon).
I decided on the crepes (as much as I adore leeks, I REALLY adore goat cheese).
Shortly after our orders were placed, the owner, who I think is very nice, came by and told me that they were out of crepes for the night.
I assumed it was fate and went for the leek pizza, which he had also recommended.
When our entrees came out, mine was the goat cheese crepes.
I had mixed feelings about it because I had already started looking forward to the potato and leek pizza.
Luckily, the crepes were fantastic so I didn't feel like I had missed out on anything.
When it comes down to it, I'm pretty handy in the kitchen and would rather make goat cheese crepes and interesting cocktails at home than spend $72 for strange service.
I feel like spending that much for a two-person meal should guarantee that service is nothing short of fabulous.
Hell, we've had better service during a $7 two-person meal at Lee's Sandwiches!
I might test things out in the future, but only for drinks.
I'm not a gambler and would prefer to pay $50+ for a "sure thing.
"   Additional side-note: This place is rather chilly.
In general, I think most people are warmer than I am anyway but I had a thick cardigan on and was super cold.

Hidden gem in an unlikely strip mall.
The ambiance was great.
The food was outstanding.
Great drink selection as well.
Chorizo sliders were my favorite.
It is a little pricey, so I  can't go every day but I'd like to.

Tasty food & booze

Barrelhouse is my wife and I's favorite restaurant.
We have been there a number of times and always leave satisfied.
Our favorite dishes are the Goat Cheese Crepes, Slow Cooked Pot Roast, and the farm to table salads (seriously, just order the salad of the day and enjoy it!).
As I'm writing this review, I'm wishing I was there now.
My recommendation: Head down to Barrelhouse, grab a glass/bottle of Pillsbury wine (Arizona made), order a starter, salad, the goat cheese crepes, and any of their desserts.
You won't be disapointed.

I have to admit, I was skeptical about this place.
I figured, how can a nicer restaurant be in a strip mall next to a video place and ace hardware.
But I read the reviews and thought, it's close to home, why not try it out.
That many people can't be wrong about it.
I almost drove by the location, as the sign over the top is very plain.
When you walk in, it is very dark.
The decor is simple and only a few things have been updated since whatever else was there originally (my guess was Peter piper pizza).
I was seated and it took awhile for the waitress to come to the table to get our drink order.
The waitress seemed a little off sort that evening and didn't seem to be paying attention.
We ordered our drinks and about 15-20 mins later, the drinks came to the table.
We regretted not ordering an appetizer while we ordered our drinks as it took awhile for our waitress to come back to the table.
I had the sangria, which was absolutely delicious.
I actually ordered 2!
The food was delivered fast and fresh!
We had mussels and olives for an appetizer, I had the chopped chicken salad and my date had the steak and fries.
The steak was cooked just like it was ordered and the fries were crispy and delicious.
We ordered dessert and had the bread pudding.
I'm usually not a bread pudding type of gal, this was hands down one of the best bread puddings I have had.
It was garnished with raspberries and the bread wasn't soggy!
Overall the food was 5 stars, the wait staff wasn't there this time.
I will go back again for their happy hour.

ERIC....the bartender made  a racial comment.
NOT COOL and we will never return because of this.
I have two sons who "you can only see their eyeballs" as you put it....and about the mussels tasting weird and different like your woman, yeah I heard that too!
What an idiot for a person working off tips and repeat customers.
Watch what you say around people because you never know who your encountering.
Good food, but a your bartender is ignorant!

I went here for the first time for happy hour cocktails and appetizers with my family.
Since we came at an unusual time, the place was pretty empty and we got our drinks and food very quickly.
The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, especially considering we had such a large party.
While the outside of the restaurant looks like your typical Arizona strip mall, the inside has an intimate atmosphere.
Now for the food and drinks - these were amazing.
I ordered what I think was called a Barrelhouse roulette - you choose white or brown liquor and the bartender makes whatever they want!
I chose white and was pleasantly surprised to get a gin and thyme collins.
My favorite liquor with a very unique herb-y, sweet taste.
I tasted everyone else's drinks as well and they were all lovely and creative.
We ordered basically the entire happy hour menu for food to share.
Since I'm a vegetarian, I didn't taste it all, but the ones I had were delicious.
The artichoke bruschetta was a favorite around the table.
I was pleased to see how many vegetarian options they had - Arizona usually doesn't do so well in that area, but they really exceeded my expectations.
I do wish they had one or two more vegetarian entree choices, although the crepes sounded amazing.
We will definitely be coming back to Barrelhouse in the future!

The signature drinks are awesome!
Everyone at our table tried the roulette... we all got a different drink and they were amazing.
I had the Lobster Chile Relleno, amazing!
A must visit place in Chandler!

Great place.
The food is fantastic.
Chorizo sliders, tomato tart and bread pudding are a must.
Can't wait to go back to try more.
Don't let the strip mall fool you.
The interior is simple but friendly.
Happy Hour menu looks great.

So my boyfriend and I decided to try this place out.
We walk in and it takes about 5 minutes before a waiter came to us and said,"Let me ask our manager if we are still serving.
"  It was 7 pm.
We left at about 8:30.
Overall the food was tasty.
The olives- good minus the large ones that tasted too salty for either of our liking.
The pork belly- so delicious, but it was on a large plate and my boyfriend said" either another one of these things or a smaller plate".
I had the pot roast- so delicious.
I am a big fan of the butternut squash casserole.
He had The short rib on polenta and some chorizo sliders- he was a fan of both.
Overall it seemed like they were short staffed, and we waited a long while for our food.
Yes it was delicious but the staff seemed too worn out from the day.
I would love it more if it was more organized maybe a hostess, maybe another chef, maybe some more waiters.
Who knows just something was off minus the lock that didn't work in the handicapped women bathroom.

My family went there for my husbands birthday dinner and although we called ahead they couldn't find our reservation.
Secondly the service was terrible.
It took 30 minutes to get our drinks and order dinner.
About an hour after ordering the waitress came back to inform us one of the meals couldn't be made because they were out of the ingredients (goat cheese crepes).
So we ordered a salad instead and waited for another 45 minutes until we gave up and decided to leave.
The guy in charge not sure if he was the owner or manager tried to offer us the meal for free if we stayed another 30 minutes for it to be finished.
This only means that the waitress didn't put the order in earlier.
I suggest making a reservation a good week or two in advance so this small restaurant can properly staff and stock the restaurant.
The appetizers we did get were excellent but it wasn't worth the wait on a midweek night when there were only about 30 guest in the restaurant.

Food and cocktails were spectacular but the beers were all so pedestrian, even with a nice selection of craft beers they are all mostly run of the mill everyday beers like SunBru or Stella Artrois.
It is a shame that they don't put the same effort into the beer menu as they do the food or drink menu.
Potato and leek pizza was really good.

I've had this place bookmarked on yelp for a while so I was pretty excited to finally try this place out.
I met up my best friend for happy hour and drinks because we read the yelp reviews and everyone wrote how much they loved their happy hour.
This place is located in and old strip mall and it's kind of tucked away.
I live right by this place and I have never seen this place before till today .
It doesn't  really look like much from the outside and the inside has simple decor but clean.
We started off drinks and ordered some appetizers to share.
We got the maple smoked pork belly, chorizo sliders, margaretta pizza and a salad.
All the food we ordered were absolutely delicious and  friend and I were both pleasantly happy with our food.
Come for their happy hour Monday - Saturday 4-6:30.
It's a good way to sample the food for only $6 and good drinks!We will defiantly   be coming back to eat here and next time I will be trying food from the dinner menu!

this place was pretty damn good!
Me and the bestie met up for happy hour here and we were the only customers there for awhile but was quickly seated.
staff was super nice  and the atmosphere was chill and not overdone.
we ordered and shared the chorizo sliders, pork belly, harvest salad, and flatbread and WOW!
everything was pretty damn delicious.
the sliders were flavorful and seasoned well, the pork belly was thick and had great flavor also.
The salad was delicious and so was the flatbread.
their happy hour sangria was delicious and perfectly mixed, not too strong but still very tasty.
my friend got the bunny slope martini and it was delicious too but a bit strong.
the waitress was very attentive and noticed it wasn't being finished and she asked if it was ok and if my friend wanted a different drink.
that was super sweet of her to ask because normally restaurants put out crappy drinks and don't care if you like it or not.
overall this place was great and I'll be back!
everyone should try this place, if their happy hour food was this good, I can only imagine how good their regular menu food is!

This is the place that you take people when they ask, "You got a good local bar around here?
" A fantastic beer selection, cocktails that are made as if they were made in an out town tavern, food made for a foodie, and an atmosphere that is aestheticly pleasing and your able to chat with everyone at your table.
Pricing was fair, ranging from $6 - $25 so there is something for everyone.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place!

Top notch cuisine.
Service was good.
Don't be fooled by the unassuming surroundings or even the decor of the restaurant.
This is definitely a place to go if you like foods that enliven your pallet.
Foodies and layment alike will find food on this menu to please.
I went with my wife to celebrate Christmas and we sampled and sampled some more because everything we tried surprised and pleasured us.
We tried the kale salad, mussels, and tomato tarte.
The kale salad introduced me to  vegetable I had never tasted, but delighted in, the mussels were fantastic, and the tomato tart for some one like me who had to taste it without the crust was flavorful.
We had the jerk sea bass which was combined the mild texture of the fish with the strong flavor of jerk to make a fantastic combination over very savory and sticky rice.
The highlight of the dining experience was the Lobster Chilli Relleno, which everyone should simply try.
The crunch and char of the roasted corn along with the spice and tang of the pepper join the delightfully chewy texture of the lobster to forge a dish that I will return for regularly.
Don't hesitate, go check out Barrelhouse...

I went there alone on a Saturday evening and sat at the bar.
The bartender, Erick Hacovich, was friendly and very knowledgeable and passionate about cocktails and the likes.
He made a "barrelhouse roulette" drink called "Abby Sanger" which was a cross between derby and mint juleb (served in a mint juleb metal glass).
Roulette meaning just that, you get what Erick in inspired to created given a base liquour ie.
gin, bourbon, whiskey, vodka, etc...
I also sampled the cucumber sage cocktail and a drop of the beet infused gin.
Both were delicious and distinctive.
I order the Caribbean Sea Bass - pan friend served on to of mango salsa and hint of coconut and lime flavored white rice.
It was good.
For desert I had the sundae with bacon.
Also good.
I like the food but I loved the cocktail and the guy making it.
I will be coming back for more cocktail training and sample more food.
I will have the mussels and pork chop for round two.
Also a shout out to Will Jones, chef at the Barrelhouse, for the dinner company and exchange of culinary knowledge.
See you all soon!
Congrats on well deserved Chow Bella write up for 10 best places to have a drink.

Came here for lunch.
Great tomato bisque and 4 cheese grilled cheese sandwich.
Definitely a great place for lunch.

Great food, excellent service for exception price.
You MUST try it if you are in Chandler!

Writing a 3 star review is the hardest thing to do, folks.
You have to justify how something isn't terrible yet its not fantastic either- yet "meh" is not a suitable explanation for things.
The short: Barrelhouse is a great low-lighting, unpretentious place to grab a really good cocktail and hang out with friends.
Their beer/wine selection as well as crafted cocktails are inventive and delicious.
That being said, I wouldn't go out of my way to stay for dinner.
Here is why:  COCKTAILS I ordered a Pomegranate cocktail and a Pumpkin King while my date got a Fin du Monde beer.
Both my cocktails were fantastic and very original.
They accommodated my needs (less sugar/not as sweet) and their list had tons of drinks I was dying to try.
The list is long, but its definitely worth exploring.
CHEDDAR BISCUITS This is the tastiest thing at Barrelhouse.
Its the equivalent of going to Red Lobster only for their biscuits (don't you snarl at me, I know you've done it).
You get a different variety of bread every time you come and this time we scored big with the tasty flaky biscuits.
SALMON CAKE Ordered as an appetizer, we got 2 salmon cakes with some pickled tomato and microgreens on top.
The cakes fell apart instantly as they didn't have enough binder.
They were also not crunchy or had a good crisp to its outer layer.
Finally, the salmon was too fishy and had a very strong taste.
Would not order again.
JERK SPICED SEA BASS The sea bass was perfectly cooked and fell apart like butter.
However, the jerk rub placed on top of the sea bass (only on top- which is strange) was incredibly strong and floral.
Yes, floral.
I love jerk seasoning and didn't stop eating it when I went to Jamaica- but this seasoning was way off.
I unfortunately pulled it off the sea bass and squeezed some lime juice instead.
The fish was placed on top of Jasmine Rice which I actually thought was mashed potatoes because the rice was so overly cooked and mushy.
The rice itself was not seasoned nor had flavor - neither did the green beans placed in the middle.
STEAK AND FRIES A simple dish but pretty good.
Its a giant fish featuring a big piece of stake on top of herb fries.
The fries were tasty and the steak was perfectly cooked.
The only problem with it was that the steak was kind of chewy.
Since the doneness was fine, the chewiness might just be from the cut of meat they served, or maybe the quality.
Not sure.
If you are not picky about your meat then this is a tasty dish that is guaranteed to fill you up.
SERVICE Finally, the service at Barellhouse is top notch.
They are very courteous, super professional and focused on the customer.
I was very happy with the staff here and think it is one of its best redeeming qualities.

Sorely disappointed in our experience here on 12/12/13, so much so I'm compelled to write my first ever restaurant review on Yelp.
Yes, the food is very good, but I would absolutely not patronize this restaurant again because of the incredibly poor service.
It's truly sad as my friends and I were very excited to find that a non-chain, scratch kitchen, type restaurant was opening so close to our homes.
We would love to support a local business.
However, after an absolute debauchery of a serving experience with 9 individuals in our party, I'd be embarrassed to recommend or bring anyone back to this establishment.
In short, the wait staff is poorly trained, unprofessional, and also uninviting and rude.
After 30+ minutes of struggling with our waiter to accurately check us out, we had to call in the owner / manager.
He himself was not rude, however it was apparent he was also ill equipped to handle customer issues and resolve them properly.
We gave ample feedback on how they can improve, I hope they take it, but I'm unconvinced at this point that they will.
Several of us joked that the only way we would return would be for take out... the food is truly good, but that is where it ends.
Sad as I believe they could get away with pretty low customer service with this type of menu / food, just not atrocious.

very good steak and drinks

I read about the restaurant in the paper and thought it would be nice to try something new.
I have to say that the server was friendly, but not did not engage our party.
We asked for recommendations and her responses were rather brief.
We had the impression that the server had not sampled many of the dishes.
Luckily she had the pot roast, so I ordered the Apple Cider Pot Roast which by the description appeared quite tasty.
Sadly, the dish was not appetizing as it was plated in a small pool of grease and after asking the server if the dish was to be so greasy, I sent it back.
I only hope the cook had an off night and the next time I visit, it will be a good experience.

Food is really good.
Services is slow & pretentious.
Waited 30 minutes for dessert

Went here last night with a friend for a couple beers and some food.
They have a really good selection of beer on tap.
I had a Desert Eagle and an Anchor Steam on tap, both were very good.
I really like they have some things here that most places do not have on tap.
The food is really excellent here and I have enjoyed everything I have tried.
They have a real nice selection of small plates for happy hour.
When your in the area come here and try a few, they are all very good.
Several of my friends rave about the quality of the drinks here, they have some of the best bartenders around so if you love a high quality mixed drink you really need to try this place!
Barrelhouse is one of my favorites in the east valley.
It is a nice upscale setting that has a friendly atmosphere, I love to come here when I'm in the area.

We came back here for Christmas dinner.
I had the goat cheese crepes.
Oh man.
Absolutely delicious.
I devoured the entire plate before I even realized it (and it's a large portion).
It was buttery and decadent and topped with fresh greens and tomatoes.
My family also shared the daily farm to table salad, which was a warm kale salad with mozzarella and a crunchy root vegetable I forget the name of...celeriac or rutabaga maybe?
It was similar to a radish in texture.
The salad was delicious, though.
Gotta love when kale is cooked well.
I got another barrelhouse roulette cocktail.
This time it was a martini called a Nebuchadnezzar (awesome name).
I know it was gin-based and I think it had chocolate and orange bitters.
I can't remember exactly, but it was yummy and very strong.
Love this place!

I found this place on yelp and after pulling into the strip mall parking lot, I was a little worried.
DO NOT let the location fool you!
This place is amazing!!
The dishes were so good and the server was very knowledgable and gave recommendations of every course (which I love!
) The prices were very reasonable especially considering the quality of dishes you receive here!
Amazing.
Can't wait to go back!

Our first visit was on 1/10/14 for happy hour with friends, the place was empty when we arrived and when we left people were waiting outside.
Tried a few of the cocktails, loved them.
We  ordered the mussels and pork belly, both were excellent as was the ahi tuna and scallops.
Service was excellent.
We returned again on the 13 after work.
We ordered the hamburger which was outstanding.
The owner stopped by chatted with us.
We are so happy to find this place, our new favorite place.
Good luck to the owner.

Have been here twice and loved it!
Everything is interesting and flavorful.
We've tried the chorizo sliders (yum!
), pork belly, artichoke bruschetta, lobster chili rellanos (husband said it was the best way he's ever had lobster), mac and cheese (my favorite so far), and the burger.
Cocktails are one of a kind, and best craft beer selection around.
They could sell the bread and honey butter alone and call it good.
Can't wait to go back and try more!

Friends have been recommending this restaurant so we finally stopped in for lunch today.
He had the big burger and had enough to take home; I had the incredibly good lunch deal ... $7.95 for two choices of half sandwiches, sides, soups, or salads AND a fountain drink!
The potato asparagus soup was hot, tasty, and smooth.
The grilled cheese on artisan bread with a tomato-basil spread was a hearty accompaniment.
I'm intrigued by several other vegetarian options I can try ... the goat cheese crepes, Arizona tomato tart, artichoke bruschetta, roasted garlic tomato bisque, and a daily farm-to-table salad, made with organic and locally grown vegetables.
We'll be back!

It was just kind of...meh.
Based on the service.
Took out of town family in Christmas Eve to check out the very interesting menu.
Our waitress had no personality at all.
We could almost hear her eye rolls as she left our table each time.
We really felt like we were a bother to her.
We started at happy hour snacks and led into dinner.
Pork belly was great!
Fried artichoke was delicious and I am craving some now.
Harvest salad was great.
Love the pecans and blue cheese.
Others at the table ordered grilled BBQ ginger pork chop, chopped ranch salad, and the happy hour burger (great deal at $6!).
One day we'll try it again.
The menu is so diverse and exciting.
Wish our waitress had been on board.

Ohhhh myyyy goshhhh I LOVED this place!
=)  So my friend wanted to go to dinner one lovely evening.
I found this place on Yelp and it sounded really good.
For the entree I ordered the Baked Artisan Goat Cheese Crepes.
This thing was freaking amazinggggg...
So good!
It came with spinach, herb grilled wild mushrooms, roasted bell pepper sauce, and watercress salad.
The special sauce that was on it was really good as well.
For drinks, you HAVE to get the Bunny Slope.
I saw a picture of it on Yelp and just had to try it.
It comes with Vodka, Strawberry Cream Infusion, White Chocolate Liqueur.
You wouldn't think it was that strong since it's on the thicker side but it was!
So dam yummy!
Not only was the food amazing but the service was spectacular.
This place has only been open for a little over a year but I really enjoyed it.
My only recommendation is maybe they need a little more decor in the place.
The walls felt a little bit of plain jane.
I will DEFINITELY be coming back for dinner, AND they have a happy hour that they will most likely see me at in the near future.

YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE!!!
We were looking for a new place for happy hour and found this on Yelp.
We decided to give it a try and I'm sure glad we did...what a GEM!If you like to have a delicious, unique cocktail, then you should definitely go here.
The bartender, ERIC, is so creative, knowledgeable, and talented!He can make anything and give you lots of different versions of your favorite cocktail.
He makes the experience there truly unique, and so much fun!
They also have a great selection of beers.
The owner was very friendly and had a great rapport with his staff.
I love the atmosphere.
It is nice to see a place that supports local artists.
The happy hour food was delicious.
You can get a huge burger during hh for $6.00, with homemade fries.
We will definitely be back.

Apparently Barrelhouse has found a new answer for their service issues that other Yelpers have identified.
It's simple - they turn you away at the door.
We arrived at 7:45pm, well-dressed, and sober without a reservation.
We were told there was no available seating for the entire evening.
It was interesting to be staring at three empty tables and an open bar, to be told they had no room.
Could we sit at the bar?
Nope.
No room.
I was not aware that the "French Laundry" had made its way to Chandler.
Jeez.

Last night, I reserved a table for 12 based on the recommendation of friends whose opinions I trust who raved about the place.
Unfortunately, what we received last night was easily the worst food and service I've experienced in a very long time.
It's times like this that you wish Yelp would allow zero stars.
The night began innocently enough; we were seated within 5 minutes of our reservation time in a room that can best be described as spartan; but no matter, some of my favorite restaurants in the world aren't much to look at.
We placed our order, and then waited   ... and waited ... and waited.
The wait staff was obviously mortified as they avoided any interaction with tables as no one in the entire restaurant was eating anything.
My brother actually got up and walked over to Taco Bell to get himself something to tide himself over.
Finally, after over 50 minutes, our server emerged to tell us that they were out of the chicken fingers one of the kids had ordered from the kids menu.
So we now know that it wasn't that the food was taking an exceedingly long time to cook, but rather, no one had touched our ticket for almost an hour.
Amazing since no food had emerged from the kitchen that entire time.
At this point, my brother had had enough and walked out with his kids to go get them something to eat.
Our table of 12 had just become 8.
About a half hour later, food finally began to emerge.
I ordered the steak frites medium rare.
The steak I received was way past medium, no pink inside at all.
And even properly cooked, this small steak and pile of ordinary fries was a $17 plate at best, not $22.
My wife had ordered the lobster chili rellenos.
Why they call them rellenos is beyond me.
First, there was only one little stuffed pepper in the middle of the plate.
Secondly it was not battered and fried as rellenos should be.
Both might be excusable but when the lobster inside is still frozen, it is not.
We tried to get our servers attention to address the problem, but she wasn't having any of it.
She actually did a 540 degree circle around our table, managing to avoid seeing me trying to flag her down, and made a beeline back into the kitchen.
To be fair, I doubt she would have been any help as she explained earlier when we asked why it took so long to inform us they were out of chicken fingers that "she wasn't the kitchen".
True enough, but you're our liaison to the kitchen ... aren't you?
Finally we actually flagged down another waitress and explained the problem with my wifes dish, and although everyone else was obviously finished, instead of offering to just drop the dish from our bill, she insisted they make her another one to go.
Even if the dish were perfect, there is no way it was worth $28; even two would not be.
The bill finally arrived and to make up for the problems, we were informed that the drinks had been comped (since out of the 8 of us we ordered maybe 3 drinks).
The final tab for 8 people who waited eons for absolute crap?
$200.
Needless to say I had a lengthy conversation with the manager on the way out who apologized profusely and intimated that whoever was in the kitchen wouldn't be there for long.
Good luck to you, but I think I'll let you fix your restaurant without using me as a guinea pig.
Never again.

Holy taste buds!
My hubby and I went for a romantic dinner the day after Valentines day.
The atmosphere was modern and open with minimal but tasteful decor.
We started off with a special appetizer that wasn't on the menu.
It was a large stuffed portobello mushroom, very tasty.
I ordered the petite Harvest salad to accompany my dinner.
It was very delicious with beets, candied pecans and Bleu cheese.
It also came with a wonderful citrus dressing.
Hubby got the soup of the day that had white beans with beef, it also had spinach and a little kick to it that was a nice surprise.
Now for my entrée.
I ordered the Hard Cider Pot Roast.
I honestly don't have words for the beyond amazing taste of the sauce.
(can I admit that I wanted to drink it?
)  the meat was tender and tasty, if that wasn't enough I kept going back for more and more of the EPIC smoked cheddar butternut squash casserole ...
Words fail me!
Delicious is just not adequate!
Hubby ordered the Sonoran Salmon and cleaned his plate!
The only reason I didn't give Five stars was due to the the service.
While attentive when we first arrived our waitress became harder to find the busier it got.
We had to ask the very attentive water server to let her know we were ready for our check and had a lot of idle time waiting for her to return to our table.
Overall we will definitely recommend and return because the food was too phenomenal to not want to go back and try other offerings.

My wife and I had a great date night dinner last night thanks to the Barrelhouse's excellent food, because of which I almost gave 5 Stars.
First off, the presentation of my mine and my wife's entree's looked stunning, almost as if they were ready to have their pictures taken for a photo shoot.
I had the amazing Sonoran Salmon which was perfectly cooked, topped with roasted slivered almonds and served on top of a potato pancake surrounded with a tasty red dressing.
Also, I have to mention the cheesy  pre-dinner biscuits served to us with whipped honey-butter!
Unfortunately, the service was pretty slow and our waitresses, while nice and polite, was very unattentive.
We may have even asked for the desert menu, had we not had to wait so long to talk to her after finishing our food.
She even took forever to give us our check, my visa card sat on the table for what seemed like an eternity before she picked it up.
Overall, i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a semi-fancy dinner at a great price

This is truly Chandlers hidden secret !
The best and most amazing food and drinks anywhere this side of town .
If you haven't been here this is a destination you must try either lunch , happy hour, or dinner !!
Two thumbs up and a smile for this place !

Love the Barrelhouse.
I've been with my wife a few times.
Here's my review:  Awesome food, classic serious cocktail bar with very good beer selection and attentive service.
Food:  The first thing I noticed about the food was that it comes out HOT.
I mean like, the server must be waiting for the chef to plate it so she can rush it to the table.
It makes me feel like my food is a priority and I love knowing my food is not sitting - even for a minute - before making its way out to me.
Local ingredients.
Thoughtfully and carefully crafted food.
I've not had anything that was not at least good and usually it's amazing.
Bar:  They know about drinks.
I'm a beer nerd.
They've got a great beer selection but to be honest, I usually don't order a beer because they have the best bar and bartenders in Chandler/Mesa/Gilbert.
Great cocktail menu that includes crafty specials and barrel aged cocktails.
Best of all, talk to the bartender about what you like.
He'll whip you up something that will be a unique experience.
Service:  Every time we go, we make a b-line for the bar.
The service at the bar has been stellar every time.
Personable employees that aren't afraid to tell you what they like and why they like it.
And like I mentioned before, they get that food out to you the second it's ready.
Price:  It ain't cheap but it's not terribly expensive.
A date night out with an app, couple cocktails each and food will be inching toward the century mark.
But honestly, you get what you pay for here.
Quality ingredients, solid recipes and technique and decent portions.
My only complaint:  They apparently have an amazing happy hour.
I wouldn't know because it ends at 6.
I just can't get there by 6.
Come on, make it 6:30, help a brother out.

This place is hidden in a plaza and it's literally 2 min away from my place.
I looked up yelp for a restaurants around my house to go with my girlfriend and checked out barrelhouse.
Once you walk in, it doesn't feel like your in chandler.
Great ambiance, great service and food was spectacular.
I had the steak for my entree and my girlfriend had the lobster roleno both were amazing .
We also had the driving scallops for small plate .. All together I give 5 star for food and service.

Food was good not amazing.
Service was slow despite a slow night.
The cocktails are amazing.
Great place for  drinks and apps

Visiting from out of town found this little hidden gem.
So happy we did!!!
My fiance and I sat in the lounge and were quickly greeted with a friendly face.
(love the ambiance but maybe a few more candles to help see the menu) I had a glass of prosecco and my fiance had a glass of Sav Blanc, both were perfect.
We ordered an appetizer,two entrees and dessert, all were cooked just right!
I must say that the cider roast was AMAZING and if I lived close by that would be a monthly thing for me to splurge on.
After the check was dropped the owner came over to make sure all was to our liking......he was very sweet and had a warmth and honesty about his approach to our table.
We enjoyed our dinning experience and we will be back when we visit family again.

This review is for the service only, as we didn't get the chance to actually eat here.
On Saturday, 03/08/14, my friend and I came to eat here after reading all of the glowing Yelp reviews and wanting to try something new.
We arrived at 6:15.
We walked in and it wasn't completely full, but it was pretty busy.
We waited a few minutes and when the host came up he asked if we called ahead when I said no he said there weren't any tables available until 7:30.
Since we weren't starving we thought that would be ok, we would just have drinks.
So we asked about the bar and he said, "no, sorry, we aren't taking anyone new until 7:30.
" I don't understand not letting us sit and have cocktails while waiting for a table, especially with the chance of a no show or cancellation.
I was so disappointed and though I really want to try this place, I won't be going back.

Just visited this place for the first time.
I am happy to say that I agree with the 4.5 star rating.
I gave it 5 stars, but if there were a 4.5 option I would do that only because the decor is uninspired.
However, they got all the really important things right.
Pleasant greeting, comfortable booths, decent wine list, nice selection of intriguing craft beers on draft, a pretty decent happy hour menu, beautiful presentation, local sourcing, and excellent flavors.
I will come back to try some specialty cocktails after reading the glowing reviews of their bar service.
I was going to post a photo of the baked goat cheese crepe which is gorgeous and delectable, but I see someone else posted that photo.
Dining companion had the Margharita pizza which she enjoyed.
I highly recommend this place.
Let's make sure they get enough business to survive this iffy location.

Food: 4 Stars Drinks:4.5 Stars Service: 3.5 Stars Atmosphere: 3.5 Stars (Potential: 5 Stars - Barrelhouse isn't knocking it out of the park...yet!
)  The Good: Cocktails!
Them Apples was infinitely sippable, I could've had five of those lil' guys.
Savory crepes, duck & dumplings, mussels - all were scrumptious and absolutely worth the duckets.
It was a great early Saturday night meal to celebrate my mom's birthday.
The Meh: Pork belly was really off on the day I had it, it was dry and sort of musty in flavor, the crostini was sawdusty.
(Or maybe the preparation just wasn't for me.
) Service was mostly competent, but lukewarm, atmosphere is passable but a bit rough around the edges in it's current incarnation.
---  Barrelhouse is a stellar addition to this part of the Southeast Valley.
There's really nothing close to its caliber nearby.
I have seen several restaurants and pubs come and go in the very spot it occupies, but I think this concept shows vastly more promise and has the opportunity to become a permanent fixture of the blooming SE Valley food scene.
The restaurant has an uncertain road ahead, as the immediate demographic is not cut out for the dinner price point on a frequent basis, and the neighborhood is a bit worn, without much by way of landmarks.
The interior is a little heartbreaking to behold, it seems that the vision for the concept's atmosphere currently exceeds the funds available to execute it in reality.
A remodel may be within reach at some point, or possibly a move to one of the new retail spaces being built across the street (assuming the landlord wants to foster local concepts.
) Really, my only worry is that the location itself could bring this place down, not the need of small improvements to food and service.
I live a few miles away and look forward to frequenting Barrelhouse, I hope that many in my community will do the same and this fantastic little place will continue to succeed!

The food here is fantastic and worth every penny.
I am however only giving it 3 stars because every time I have been here the service is so slow.
I will go without a water refill for 15 minutes at a time.
I wish I could say it was better some times.
It hasn't been.
All three times it's been a two hour experience and constantly lack of attention.
Just know the food is fantastic and if the review was about the food only it would have gotten a 4 1/2 star review.

I chose this restaurant solely based on the yelp reviews.
It was not the best meal of my life, I would say it was alright.
There didn't seem to be many other restaurants in this price range in the area for upscale New American cuisine.
We arrived at around 6:30 pm on a Monday evening and the place was dead.
There was only one waitress and because of this the service was slow, but pleasant.
They served cheddar biscuits with honey butter.
In all honesty I prefer the ones they have at Red Lobster (so sue me!).
My dad and I ordered three small plates to share as our entree, the Mussels Chardonnay, Maple Smoked Pork Belly, and scallops.
Mom had the jerk sea bass.
The mussels were served with crostini which is not my bread of choice for soaking up all of the wonderful goodness of the broth that typically comes with mussel dishes like this.
This broth was okay, not a good as others I have had.
The maple glaze on the pork belly was a bit too sweet and whiile the jicama slaw did cut some of that sweetness, it was hard to get a decent bite of those two components on top of the skinny crostini.
Mom said that she liked the sea bass a lot, I did not try it because she ordered it extra spicy and then covered it in sriracha (yeah...
I am not convinced that they are my biological parents).
But the prices were very reasonable for food cooked with quality ingredients and dishes with imagination... not your typical run of the mill chain restaurant offerings.
I am not familiar with the area to be able to say what else is out there, but the next time I visit the 'rents in Chandler I will probably try something else.

We had lunch there today & it was fabulous.
My wife  had crepes stuffed with goat cheese, spinach, mushrooms & bell peppers.
I had  chorizo sliders & a house salad.
Both items were excellent and the presentattion was wonderful.
Service was also great .
We will return.

Delicious food with an artisan flare.
The goat cheese crepes were great!
Friendly, attentive service and a pleasant atmosphere inside (the strip mall location leaves something to be desired).
Looking forward to trying more of their specialties!

GO TO THE BARRELHOUSE!
I've been there a few times and they always have great food and service.
It's in a very random strip mall, but perhaps that helps to keep the prices reasonable.
Great drinks!!
Don't hesitate!

I will start off with the good - great date night atmosphere (don't let the strip mall location fool you), skilled bartenders, great beer selection, unique foodie friendly menu.
We had the mussels small plate (just ok), the pork belly small plate (wonderful), steak (impressive) and the lobster chile relleno (amazing!
), dessert (Apple crisp) was just ok.
The not so good: ordered 2 "roulette" drinks, they tasted amazing.
But the waiter didn't know what they were.
He said the bartender told him but he couldn't remember... What's the fun in drink roulette if you never know what it was that you ended up with?
The waiter also brought my hubby a stout when he clearly ordered a saison from the same brewery.
The waiter seemed to be spread a little thin (covering a lot of tables), and just kind of knocked on our table (literally, knocked) in passing with a "alright doing good" without ever stopping and asking or waiting for an answer.
Long story short, we will go back, but we will be sitting at the bar.
But literally at the bar, and not in the bar table area, because our waiter was covering that too.

I was very pleased to find this spot.
Excellent cocktails, beer and wine.
The veal osso bucco actually brought me back  2 nights later.
One of the best osso bucco dishes I've ever had!

We had several craft brews and the waitress had a ton of knowledge.
Great draft beer selection.
Ordered the burger.......amazing.
It came with the garlic fries.
Location is terrible, never would have found this place without yelp.
Thank you yelp, we will be back!!

Food are really good there!
Ordered the pork belly and sea bass, pork belly is smoked to perfect, sea bass is really tender and tasted fresh with mango and papaya salsa on it.
Besides, the bread served before the meal is great with honey butter!

Delicious, fresh food.
Creative, inspired, yummy cocktails.
Great craft beers.
Truly a hidden gem in Chandler!

First time visitors, we stopped in for coffee and dessert with friends last night, without a clue what to expect.
The interior was surprisingly sparse and simple, bordering on cozy, perhaps?
Jazz music was nice, wait staff was friendly.
Ordered coffee immediately, which wasn't served for a VERY long time, and then was lukewarm.
Menu stated it was fresh brewed, but tasted old.
We ordered 4 desserts: Lemon-Lime Napolean, which was outstanding and beautifully presented (should have photographed it, but you can see it on website), Grandma's Cranberry Apple Crisp, equally delicious and outstanding, Chocolate Mocha Cake, which tasted  good, but was too dry, and White Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding, also a huge hit!
Thought they were a bit pricey at $7 each when reading the menu, but once served, it was clear that wasn't out of line for the quality, gourmet desserts they turned out to be.
We read through the menu to see if we'd come back for a meal, and we were intrigued!
Sonoran Chorizo Sliders, Green Chili White Bean Hummus, Tavern Steak & Fries, Duck & Dumplings Confit, White Truffle Mac & Cheese, small plate options, flatbread pizza...we'll definitely return.

I've been here enough times now that one of the servers recognized me.
So needless to say, I love this place.
I usually frequent a place for the drinks and good food is a bonus but this place has both.
The mac & cheese is so decadent you'll want to smack a baby.
The pork entree made me manly it was so robust and full flavored.
The burger is even tasty, but I had to share it so I'll have to return for my own to give it full compliments.
Green Chile hummus is a fave because it's big, well priced and delicately mashes the spicy and the mus.
I love all the cocktails!!
But .
The Vesper is my fave, with the rest coming in at 2nd.
I don't even like black licorice but I tried the drink with that flavor and found it quite pleasing.
The staff is excellent even when they are busy (the busboy is hilarious if you chat him up).

Great atmosphere and service.
I prefer to grill my own steaks., Barrelhouse is the only place where I will order one off the menu.
Specials haven't disappointed.., keep up the good work!

This Chef is the real deal!
There were four of us that went out and we all had different meals varying from fish, burger, pork chop, and chicken and we all loved our dishes.

You guys are crazy.
Maybe your regulars and just love it.
Good for you.
We are regulars in Gilbert at a number of places and I have been to just about every worthwhile wine bar, tapas place, or cocktail lounge in AZ and a lot of the west coast and this place doesn't compare.
The decor is a yawn and the vibe is like being in an elevator with that horrible music.
The cocktails were fine and ordered some small stuff.
I ordered a burger with no cheese and of course it has cheese.
No dairy, a simple request.
Made another and it was practically raw.
I should give it 1 star but whatever.
Won't be back.

I stumbled upon Barrelhouse when doing a Yelp search for dinner in Chandler.
It came up towards the top of the list, and for good reason.
I've eaten here twice now for dinner, and both occasions I was thoroughly impressed.
The service is excellent... prompt, friendly, informative without being overbearing or hovering.
The interior of the restaurant is budget modern, but it has charm and a dark ambiance that is perfectly matched to the menu.
The location of the restaurant is unassuming, tucked away in an oddly old strip mall in Chandler.
But anyhow, the real reason for the 5 star rating is the food.
Every single bite I've had at Barrelhouse was perfect.
To start, try the BBQ kettle chips and dip.
They are enormous house-made chips with a flavorful garlic cheese dip... highly addictive!
From the small plates, I've tried the chorizo sliders, seared ahi tuna, and bruschetta.
All were excellent, but I keep coming back to the chorizo sliders.
For entrees, the white truffle mac n cheese is an indulgence I can get used to.
It is worth every single calorie.
The pot roast is also excellent.
Prices are reasonable considering the quality and portions.
The bar is also well stocked, and features many signature cocktails and a nice draft beer selection with some local brews.
Try Barrelhouse if you're in the Phoenix area, you will not be disappointed!

We went in entirely based on Yelp reviews and their craft beer selection.
I am very glad we found this place.
On our first visit we went for happy hour and stuck to appetizers and a few beers.
I love the fact that they offer several local brews along with a nice selection of west coast craft beers.
The food was fantastic!
We will definitely be back here.
The only reason its 4 stars instead of 5 stars is only because we didn't have a meal yet.
I'll update the review after our next visit and I'm sure it will be worth the 5th star!
As others have said, don't be intimidated by its location in a strip mall.
Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place.
Can't wait to go back!

I had no idea that bread came with the meal!
I just read it in other reviews.
Anyway my husband and I stopped in and took a seat at the bar.
Bartender was ok,  (except no bread) not too excited to be there but not rude either but the food and drinks were underwhelming to say the least.
I had a watermelon collins but tasted no watermelon at all and it had lots of mint and seltzer like a classic mojito.
I then order another drink which was a margarita or their spin on the classic.
Again, nothing memorable.
My husband had a martini and it was very good.
The food was also a total disappointment.
The mussels were bland as heck and not to keep mentioning bread but normally its served with mussels so you can soak the broth with it later.
There was a crispy flat-bread with it but it did not compliment nor really pair with the dish.
It was just kind of there.
We ordered a salad which was so overdressed that dressing was dripping off of every forkful and my brand new blouse is ruined because oil does not come out of clothing...whatever.
The tomato tart was decent.
The "truffle" mac and cheese which is supposed to be their most popular dish was AWFUL!!
If it were served to me without having a name for the dish, the name Mac and Cheese never would have entered my mind.
There was a bit of cheese stuck to the bottom of the dish as in baked on from the sitting in the salamander for too long, the mac was dry, dry, dry, no cheesy gooey goodness at all, the crumbs on top were blackened and there was not a hint of truffle oil to be found anywhere.
I gave it to my husband, he will eat anything.
I thought this place would be similar to Citizen's Public House in Scottsdale.
Not even close!!!
Maybe it was an all around off night but in any case, there are too many other places that blow this one out of the water.

This was our 2nd time coming to Barrelhouse.
First time was about a year ago, shortly after they opened (not a great experience).
This time wasn't great either.
It's Restaurant Week and they've only got ONE server on the floor!
Completely irresponsible!
We ordered a few small plates and a bottle of Chardonnay.
They were out of the wine we initially ordered, along with two other items on the menu.
It took 15 minutes to receive our wine, even though there were only a couple other tables at the time.
We had to ask for a wine chiller.....THREE times before they brought one to our table.
The owner seemed uninterested in helping the ONE server serve her tables, which by the time we left was about 10 tables.
On to our order - BBQ chips, mussels and short rib small plates.
We asked about the soup of the day and was told it wasn't ready yet.
"Maybe" it would be ready during our stay.
(This was 6:15pm, by the way).
The chips are WAY over seasoned and the dip was hard.
The mussels were luke-warm and didn't have much flavor.
The short rib had good flavor, but was barely cold.
Such a disappointment.
We will NOT be back.

The food/drinks first...  - I ordered off the pork belly and the hamburger off the happy hour menu.
Both were good.
That being said I'm one of those people who just doesn't get what the big deal is about pork belly (not here specifically, just in general).
As noted, it was good but I wouldn't get overly excited about it.
- Ordered the BBQ chips off the regular menu.
Good but the BBQ they put on the chips is rather spicy and really sticks to your fingers.
You will most definitely have to wash your hands after eating theses.
- Ordered two sangrias.
They were ok.
The restaurant...  - It was warm.
Either the a/c doesn't work or they just don't turn it down.
Either way, it was warm.
Oddly, for I while I thought they may have been running a swamp cooler.
Not sure, but for part of the time it certainly felt that way.
- Service...good but sllllllloooooooowwwwwww.
About 10 minutes to get someone to the table.
About 10 minutes to get a drink.
Had to ask for the soda I ordered twice.
It showed after being there for more than 20+ minutes.
The place wasn't crowded so I don't know what the deal was with getting things out.
I might go back just to see if I was there on an off day/night but otherwise nothing here blew my dress up enough to be in a rush.
Probably a 2.5 but I'll give them a 3 for now.

You can't go wrong here.
Food and/or drink, you will exit happier than when you entered, and that's a fact!

Had high hopes based on the other reviews.
Not so.
Drab interior.
Beer recommendations off the mark.
Scallops cold with an odd texture.
Chips were very good.
Mac & Cheese very rich and creamy.
The menu looks outstanding but I can't get over the interior.
It just doesn't match the expectation of the food.
Maybe they just missed on the scallops but even if the food is outstanding, the overall feel would be brought down by the look and feel of the interior.

The food was great,  we had the tomato tart and green chili hummus.
Both were excellant.
As for drinks, they have an interesting and tasty list.
I love the Watermelon Collins.
The only reason I didn't give it more stars is due to the weird, musty smell of the place and the cement floors.
I'd give it 4 or 5 stars if they would fix those two things.

Great little place, really liked the unique drinks, one with Avocado was delicious.
Only complaint, the drinks are served in really small glasses with a lot of ice.
The food was just as good !
Loved the combo served with the salmon.
One concern is the place needs a remodel & a deep clean , paint job .

Time and time again, barrelhouse proves to be the best restaurant in Chandler.
From the cocktails from the amazing bartenders- to the food from the experienced chefs...I just can not get enough of this place.
My recommendations-   For food- you really honestly can't go wrong!
Whatever you think looks good WILL be good.
For drinks- get a barrelhouse roulette and trust in these bartenders to give you a delicious drink!
You pick either white or brown liquor and they do the rest.
Just genius.
Love it.
Go there.
You won't regret it.

Tried this place the other night because we didn't want to go far & it has good ratings.
Got there about 920pm...  1) Ordered drinks & appetizers right away...
Ordered the pork belly & scallops..
Both were NOT good!
Pork belly was not buttery soft like it should be.... And the scallops came back cold & undercooked.
2) Dinner..
I ordered the burger while my fiancé ordered the steak and fries...
I asked for my burger medium..
It came out well done..
Overall it was an ok burger..
Nothing special  My fiancé's steak.....
He ordered it rAre...
It pretty much came back not cooked.. Just grill marks on the outside..
But inside not cooked....
There IS a difference between rare & not cooked..
Overall will not be going back ever again... Not sure if it was because we came in later?
They closed at 10pm..
But we ordered right away.. And when we left there (few minutes before 10) there was about 5 people still at the bar.
It shouldn't matter what time time we go in... Food quality should be good regardless .. Also overpriced..
Charging scottsdale upscale restaurant prices for something that's not worth it!

My boyfriend and I wanted to try something new and decided to try this place out.
It was just okay, definitely nothing special.
We had the seared ahi tuna appetizer and it was just okay,  not much flavor to it.
I got the mushroom crepes appetizer which weren't very flavorful either... they actually had kind of a funny aftertaste to them.
He got a steak which he ordered medium but it came out with no pink at all inside.
If you like a little pink in your steak I'd recommend you ask for it medium-rare.
As for drinks I ordered some kind of watermelon/cucumber drink which was really nice and refreshing!
The presentation of the food was good, and the service was great - very friendly staff.
There was a gentleman there who I believe was the manager and he was very genuine and kind.
He personally greeted us, asked how our meal was, and thanked us for coming.
If the food was improved, this place would be a knockout with a great staff and service like what we had.
Side note - don't sit by the windows as the electric in the building makes a high pitched humming sound that will drive you crazy.
Sit at the tables in the middle =)

Great experience!
Went for Happy Hour on a Saturday and was really impressed they have a happy hour menu on the weekends!
Ordered the happy hour burger and it was perfect.
A lot of food for only $6!
Shared the hot fudge sundae with bacon and praline brittle for dessert.
Another home run!
Made with ice cream from local sweet republic, you can't go wrong with this classic dessert.
I will definitely be back to try again!

Good food but overpriced.
It's really dark inside, probably because they are trying to hide their restaurant impossible makeover.

Sangria was great as well as the artichoke bruschetta

