I have used Farmer Juan since I moved to the city of Maricopa in late 2010 to trim my trees a couple times a year.
This spring I decided it was time to completely renovate my backyard and create a space suitable for my kids.
I contacted a number of landscapers and and had them complete estimates.
At the end of the proceeds Farmer Juan came out as the lowest by a significant amount.
Farmer Juan was very professional and worked with me when I had a few concerns about how things were coming along.
He had his crew make the necessary changes with no argument.
The job was done very quickly and it looks better than even I had imagined it would.
I would recommend Farmer Juan to anyone for any service ranging from yard cleanup and tree trimming to whole yard packages.

If I could give him 0 stars I would.
We needed a landscaper to fix up our backyard and then provide us with routine maintenance year around.
We found farmer Juan through a friend.
The day he came out to assess the situation and provide a quote, he came 5 hours late and we had to call HIM to inquire when he would arrive after not showing up within the window he gave us.
Then we agreed on a price and a date.
No one showed up when we had scheduled.
We called and left a message and no one returned our call within 3 days so we called again and were advised his team had a large job on that day and it ran over schedule.
We made a second appointment.
No one showed up... AGAIN.
We called and spoke with Juan himself who swore his team were out at our house and that the job was done.
After apologizing profusely we rescheduled once again and were told Juan himself would accompany his crew to ensure it got done.
No one showed up.
We called and left a message and never heard back.
We have since taken our business elsewhere.

Very unfortunate our relationship did not last very long.
Farmer Juan does fine work and is competitive in the market.
However, it seems as he is more concerned with keeping his "big customers" than servicing homeowners in need of maintenance work.
I had an experience where he was hired to do a full backyard and frontyard landscape.
When we had problems with the sprinkler system he installed and our "lifetime warranty" plants died, he was nowhere to be found.
When we called about our agreed monthly maintenance work, he did not respond.
Thank you for ignoring the little guy!!!

