Sandwiches were perfect!!
Great new location.
Love the firehouse steamed meat with cheese and selection of hot sauces.
Always a Saturday family afternoon favorite.

Get the steak and cheese sub with mushrooms

Great subs!
Amazing place!
We will go back!

Wow,  two Firehouse Subs within about 2 miles on the same road!
Must be doing good!
Location - 4 star - located on the southeast corner of Horizon Ridge and Eastern, this place is very easy to get to and plenty of parking.
They are located next to some hopping retail stores so it is well placed and busy area which I like.
Restaurant - 4 star - Plenty of places to sit down, much more than the one down the road.
c.  Service - 5 star - Fantastic.
From the sandwich assembler to the person taking the order, everyone is young, friendly, pro service and providing great service when they have young work place maturity.
d.  Food - 5 star - Really great subs.
- Had the Hook and Ladder Sub, with Smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and melted Monterey Jack.
This was great.
-Smokehouse Brisket and Cheddar -  choice beef brisket smoked melted cheddar, special sauces.
This was a bit barren.
- Special Hawaiian Pork on Roll - Teriyaki pork special.
the port was awesome and the bread really great.
-  Fully Involved is the way they do sandwiches and it means Loaded complete with mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion and a dill spear on the side.
e.  Prices without drink and chips is under 6.00 and with under 9.00.
Overall very good.
f.  Drinks - 5 star - They have one of those choose your drink vending machines that has so many choices.
These are great!

This place is amazing!!
Great subs.
New location.
Yum.

I have to say this is the best location on Eastern!
The general manager rocks!
He truly cares about his customers, staff and the store.
The energy in the restaurant is great!
Styran takes care of everyone in the location.
If you want a quick warn hearty lunch stop by, grab a number 4, the Italian.
Also, there is state of the art coke machine, it has 100's of different flavors.
The fresh brewed iced tea is the best I have ever tasted.
There is a great assortment of chips, cookies and brownies as well.
The parking is nice, there is always room to grab a good spot with no worries.
Don't forget your bucket of pickles and to round the change up so you can donate.
Be sure to take the survey on the bottom of the receipt so you are able to get a free 32 ounce drink.
Be sure to recognize management!!
They rock!

Great place

This place is GREAT!
Jessica is always so very pleasant as is everyone.
The place is very clean.
If you check out their website and sign up to get text messages you can really save some $$$$.
That always makes my day.
And this month just happens to be Public Safety Awareness Month.
So, Public...Be Safe!!!
And Fireman are so so hot!!!
So are Policeman.
OK and the food is good.
Order up.
Thank you and Good Night!

I am happy.
It ALWAYS smells so good in here and Kayla welcomed me.
I gotta say.
I had one bad experience, I haven't seen that employee again and every experience since has been exceptional.
The food has always been very good considering that in this strip mall alone there are like 6 other places to go including that nasty Sub place that has foot long nastiness..but I digress.
Great sandwich, clean shop, friendly service!

Much better then Subway , IMO.
The few times I have been here it hasn't been busy so hopefully they will stay in business.
They seem to take longer then usual to make sandwiches but not too bad.
This place is always clean and I am always greeted by all of the employees when I walk in.
They have the high tech soda machines where you can add flavoring which is awesome.
Two thumbs up from me!

Friendly employees, a great menu and yummy, fresh sandwiches!
I couldn't be more thrilled with the free birthday sub!
Just show your license and the free sub of your choice awaits!
I had a sandwich from the new lighter choices menu, the Siracha roast beef.
So good, and spicy hot sauce hit the spot!
Really tasty sandwich.

Love this place.
Always a friendly employee there to take my order.
They're kindness and   quality are hard to find these days.
Kudos to this team for being awesome!

Me and my friend had the meatball sub before closing and both of us were sick like dogs for about a day and a half.
Sad after I heard such good things about this place.

Great Service, and really delicious Food at this location, always clean and very good prompt service!

Tasty and filling delicious subs both of my girls ate every bit of their kid meal sub :)

Put more stuff on the sub, stingy bastards, great meat but meat and bread doesn't make the cheesestake take a note from brother cappriotti and put substinance on tha sandwich or don't call it a cheesestake!

