The good: Ramen broth and noodles were very good.
Kimchi was great.
Location is good.
It's nice to have this kind of cuisine in downtown Tempe.
The bad: The contents of the ramen soup were mediocre.
The "pork belly" was the consistency of end pieces that had fallen off the bone after a long boil.
The spinach topping looked like store bought spinach in a bag that was shredded.
Overall, I've had better soup bowls from more authentic Japanese restaurants.
Ambience: front room is pretty inviting but the main dining room was somewhat Bleak.

Ok so we have been waiting for this place to open!
We love ramen made traditionally!
It was really good and you can customize your order.
It was a bit more expensive than  republic ramen but loved the owner and staff here.
They were way cool and gave us samples of the 3 different broth choices when we asked.
I def would go again based on the service.
They just opened and will be adding more to the menu soon :) yay!

If you watch the first season of  "Mind of a Chef" on Netflix, you get to follow David Chang, founder of the Momofuku eateries in New York city around on his culinary adventures.
One place he visits is Japan and one food he talks about a lot is ramen.
I've been to Japan myself, and have eaten a lot of ramen there and I have to tell you, the folks at Umami make some good ramen!
They are still in the pre-opening stage of things, without their full ensemble of items.
Tonkotsu, the famous pork bone broth based ramen of the Kyushu region of Japan may not be available till their official opening on the 21st of September.
However, they do have my second favorite, the famous ramen with miso broth from the Hokkaido region, and it is good.
Now when I say good, I mean that from the noodle down to the broth because you have to start with the noodle!
Noodle and Broth Review  Their noodles are somewhat al dente in that they are cooked but still firm.
I did talk with at least one of the owners who noted that they spent six weeks perfecting their noodle recipe and it is actually made by a ramen noodle specialist out in California, to their specifications.
All I can say, you can tell the quality when eat the ramen, just as good as anything I've had before in Japan or in the Little Tokyo area of Los Angeles.
Oh, and you can get the ramen for take out, they provide the broth and noodles separately so you can combine then when you get home.
As for the miso broth, lovely and flavorful and I did have the pork belly, which is oven roasted and quite flavorful.
The things I did not like in the ramen was the spinach (I know, good for me but my ramen can go without) and while the little flower shaped carrot was cute, I don't enjoy raw carrots in my ramen.
If they were blanched and then put in the bowl, I think they would be much better.
I did go back a second time with a friend  for dinner and I though the ramen in the miso broth was just as good or better and this time, I got the hard boiled egg which is, at it should be, more of soft boiled egg in the center and it was quite delicious.
I also got the pork belly again and though some have mentioned it being cold I thought mine was fine and quite flavorful.
Cocktails  Oh, when I went for dinner they had a bartender doing some fun cocktails and it is interesting they can bring some of the San Francisco style cocktail culture to the mill avenue area.
As I like both ramen and a good cocktail I think that would be wonderful.
Besides the cocktails they have a nice selection of Asian beers and sake and the owner noted they would be expanding their line of Sake.
Improvements  Hopefully the owners read the Yelp reviews and take suggestions.
I hope they move away from the plastic chopsticks and just put the metal cans stuffed with wooden chopsticks on the table.
The plastic ones, frankly, are harder to use and for me, not part of the culture of a good ramen place, and I hope they move to the pitchers of ice water like at other ramen places.
The owner did mention Soba Noodles and offering the cold Soba Noodle option,k which is a good idea in Tempe, where a hot bowl of ramen may not be the think on a hot summer day so cool items as an alternative are important.
Summation  2nd time there, still keeping the four star rating as for Phoenix, this is an amazing ramen place and I think it will only get better.
I'm looking forward to trying their Tonkatsu ramen in about a week when they have their grand opening, I think it will be fun.
Just, as I mentioned, dump the plastic chopsticks and get in the wooden ones, and put the cheap diner style napkin dispensers out as well...they are also, part of that traditional ramen experience.
Great place, nice owners, I hope they do well.

This place is great.
Great value for the amount you get.
Flower shaped carrots are a nice detail.

I know the owners of Umami, but it's not swaying my review.
If I wasn't thrilled, I'd just keep quiet and not post anything.
That said:  I never in my wildest dreams thought a bowl of ramen could be so incredibly tasty.
My experience with ramen is limited ....
Probably just to the store bought poor-college-kid stuff.
I had no idea there was anything else, but this place is definitely something else!
My lady and I shared a bowl of the sea salt broth ramen with roasted chicken and bean sprouts.
The broth is amazing.
Rich and flavorful and crave-inducing.
The chicken added is real-deal roasted chicken (even had a little skin on it which was great).
Bean sprouts were plump and fresh and crisp.
Noodles were cooked perfectly and never mushy.
The more we ate, the more we wanted to keep eating!
My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
Also had some sake like never before as well ....
I'm not a huge fan of the stuff, but we tasted two different varieties that were chilled and incredibly sweet and delicious.
Definitely not your typical drop-it-in-beer sake .... And I'm hoping to enjoy one of the interesting cocktails the bartender was creating on my next visit as well.
I didn't understand how in the world an $8 bowl of ramen was logical when the stuff sells for 15 cents at the grocery store.
I have been THOROUGHLY schooled.
It's worth every penny and is NOTHING like the dried junk.
I'm going back.
Hmmm .... Maybe this afternoon!

To all ramen enthusiasts: if you're looking for the real deal, this place doesn't have it.
If you never had real ramen (like the reviewer below) and are just comparing to store-bought cup noodles, then yes, of course this is better; it is also 20x the cost of your cup noodle!!
I ordered a bowl of miso ramen with roast pork and corn.
Although ramen is usually salty, this bowl was overly salty and lacked that richness usually found in the broth.
The roast pork was shredded and served ice-cold (literally) on top of the ramen, which made the whole bowl lukewarm; they had to warm up my friend's charshu pork, because it was also cold.
Even though it was a hot day, I would have preferred my ramen to be hot like it's supposed to be!
The actual noodles were just mediocre.
I see this as more of a fast-food-type place for the local college students.
Will I be back?
Likely not.

If you have little or no experience with ramen, this place will suffice, as the other reviews show.
If your only experiences with ramen consists of top ramen or ramen places in Phoenix, then do not hesitate to go here.
It's in a good area (albeit kinda hidden in the building they are in), and they seem to have a good selection of sake and alcohol.
~  BUT....If you are a true ramen enthusiast, do not expect anything close to what your standards are used to.
The way you order is by checking off options on a slip of paper.
Broth choices: a sea salt broth, a shoyu (soy) broth and a miso broth.
I got the miso broth, and paid for extra toppings: charsiu, togarashi corn, and roasted garlic.
The toppings that come standard with their ramen is spinach (really odd...), a sliver of fish cake, a slice of dried nori and scallions.
Charsiu: I was really, really saddened by their charsiu.
It was really hard, and they served it cold.
If you are used to melt-in-your-mouth, savory and tender charsiu, do not waste an extra $2 to add the charsiu here.
Broth: My miso broth was ok.
Lacked any real depth of flavor, but it wasn't terrible.
I ordered my husband the shoyu ramen for take out and he really didn't like it.
Said it tasted like the powdered seasoning from top ramen, but even saltier.
Noodles: I was satisfied with the noodles here.
Not the best, but they are the best I've had so far in Phoenix.
They do not make their noodles in house; it is shipped here from LA.
That doesn't bother me though.
I am used to ramen shops where you can see cute old japanese men making the noodles and shouting greetings to you as you enter their restaurant, but I am sure that won't be a sight I'll see here in Phoenix.
~  Their grand opening is this Friday, and they will be rolling out their Tonkatsu broth then.
That's usually what I would get, or a paitan or tan tan broth (but they don't have that).
Maybe in the future I will stop by and try their Tonkatsu broth on a cold winter day...but a good tonkatsu broth needs to stew for a good two days and I remain skeptical.
I will admit, I am a ramen snob.
So that's why I must re-iterate that this place will be really good for most people who really haven't had authentic ramen.
But alas, my never-ending quest for good ramen in Phoenix continues...

Delicious, unique, great location, vegetarian options, affordable.
What more do you want?
You get to pick the broth you want and they do have a vegetarian broth.
Then there are a variety of vegetables, noodles, egg, tofu.. etc.
You get to pick the ingredients you want and the spice level.
It was hot and flavorful and satisfying.
I will definitely be going back.
Service was good and owner came over to speak with us - very enthusiastic about the business and upcoming additions to the menu.

I've had better ramen before, but they do a decent job.
Miso broth was pretty tasty, noodles are of average quality, however they were very stingy with the toppings (they charge extra for just about everything).
I would be a little more stoked on the place if the service was paced a little a better.
Took about 5 minutes to get waters and then almost 10 minutes to get our order placed, so if you're on a lunch break probably not the best option.
Food came about 8 min after we ordered and was satisfactory.
Not sure how quick I would return to visit based on the food being slightly overpriced, and the slow (but still friendly) service.
Maybe further down the road once they get their act together it will be better.

The food was pretty good.
I had the miso broth with roasted chicken and spicy corn.
I think it would have been more enjoyable if I could have eaten it with a fork.
I have too little patience to try to eat a bowl of noodles with a spoon and a pair of chopsticks lol.
This place is hard to find but if you just walk around the building you will run into it.

About a year ago my husband and I spent some time in Japan slurping ramen with the locals.
Since then we've been looking for a place around Phoenix that offers the authentic ramen experience that we had there.
Unfortunately, Umami isn't the place.
The server was extremely friendly but wasn't well informed of the menu.
We ordered the miso ramen and the soy ramen.
Both had a very pretty presentation, but were just average in all other respects.
As another reviewer mentioned, the broth lacked depth and was very salty toward the bottom of the bowl (perhaps we weren't stirring vigorously enough while we were eating).
I also thought the noodles were too firm, perhaps even undercooked, and was hoping that after sitting in the broth for a few minutes they would cook to perfection but that wasn't the case.
We were also disappointed with the temperature of the broth, and more importantly, the bowl.
In Japan, it was so hot that you practically burned your mouth, and this temperature was largely sustained throughout the meal because the bowls were stoneware, and probably pre-heated.
At Umami, the broth was reasonably hot at first, but tepid after a few minutes because the bowls are thin.
The chef walked around the dining room talking to customers and he certainly cares about his guests and is enthusiastic about ramen.
We are hoping that with time he is able to hone his craft and come closer to perfection.
In a pinch we'd probably go back, but it's not something that we'd go out of our way to recommend to friends.

Extremely overpriced for what they give.
I ordered a shio (sea salt) flavored  basic bowl ($8) with roasted chicken (+$1.50).
The basic bowl is $8.
The description of a basic bowl is : served with pickle bamboo shoots, scallion, spinach, carrot flowers, naruto (fish cake) and nori (seaweed).
It had ONLY one 1 inch diameter naruto (fish cake) of may be less than 2cm thickness.
May be 2-3 similar slices of carrot.
Similarly, 1-2 thin-thin slice of seaweed.
That should give you an idea of what the basic bowl would look like.
(I should have taken a picture.
)    I was very disappointed.
The noodle was not well cooked, the soup was very salty and not tasty and the amount of accompanying veggy/fish-cake etc.
was way too little.
I was really looking forward to a decent eating place in this location and am extremely disappointed.
I was planning to take my wife and friends there; but  will take them to real noodle places in Tempe.

This place is literally 50 feet from where I work.
The noodles I ordered were amazing.
They were quick to prepare the meal for take out too.
You earned a customer, I'll be back for lunch next time!
Service was good too, they offered me water while I waited for my food, even as a take out order.
Basic orders cost 8$, add a few toppings and it can easily add up  to 11$

2/5 for great people working there, and the friendly vibe you get just walking in the door.
BAM, smells like a pickling factory but do not fear, the bar area looks fun.
Our experience was bad however-- the noodles in our ramen were cooked Al Dente, and you know what that means once an amalgam of them begins to expand in your stomach.
They definitely weren't cooked all the way, so thus, I felt like I was going to LITERALLY lose my food after I finished a relatively small bowl.
Yeah, I'm a small person, but you know, I can still eat!
I just felt so sick afterwards.
The spinach- strange & refreshing.
The carrots- lovely.
The pork- cold, but good.
The nori- you know, your standard nori.
The broth- yeah, a little salty, but good.
We tried the Pai Ton, the tonkotsu broth without the Pork ordeal.
But the noodles!
They made me so sick, and I really want to love this place because their ramen is so diverse.
After the meal, one of the friendly staff members made us some little non-alcoholic shots, so like I said-- SUPER NICE people!
I just can't handle their style of food, it doesn't agree with me at all.
If you're sensitive like me, try Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe-- they'll be a more classic and authentic option for you.
Cheers!

I went here on their grand opening day for their tailgate kickoff event!
I had been to Republic Ramen before and was greatly interested in something being closer to Mill Ave.
Upon entering I found it full of people, a lot of energy, but I admit, I stood around for a few minutes, unsure if I had to wait to be seated or not (turns out, once I got ahold of a friendly staff member, it's seat yourself)   The service was a mixed bag.
When I did speak with a server, they were very friendly and energetic, but service was sporadic in quantity and quality.
Some servers I saw go into extreme detail about the broth and how everything works, others quickly swooped by dropping off a menu and water.
I unfortunately was never asked if I would like any of the free tea or sake specials that were going on, which I found on their event page after my meal.
As for the food, I ordered a base of Shoyu broth ($8.00) with roasted pork ($1.50), pork belly ($2.00), a hard boiled egg ($1), Corn ($.50), roasted garlic ($.50) and butter ($.25).
Apparently they have a spice level I could opt in for; I chose medium ($.25).
I was a bit concerned for the additional cost of a spice level, but it was a modest up-charge so I didn't mind too much.
Upon getting my bowl, it was a fairly large size but smaller than at Republics.
I couldn't find any sign of my pork belly, corn, garlic, spice, or egg, but being hungry, and with no one around, I dug in.
The broth was fairly salty, but not overly so.
My addition of butter helped add a velvety creaminess to the mix.
The noodles were smaller in portion, but done to Al Dente standards, I really enjoyed the slight bite to the noodles, I only wish I could have had more.
The downsides, not including my missing ingredients, was the meat!
The pork had a great flavor and looked very legit, even including a but of charred skin but it was COLD.
Cold meat is very off putting hen biting into hot soup, I tried to mix it up a bit more to warm it, but then my soup became significantly cooler.
The flavor was great, but at least give me the illusion that this meat was fresh shredded for me and not pulled fresh from the fridge.
The rest of the ingredients were scarce, I found one slice of naruto, one slice of seaweed, one carrot flower and three pieces of bamboo.
The scallions were plentiful though.
The extra ingredients that were found in the soup, while scarce, were very good.
The carrot was not undercooked and the shoots were great!
Once I was nearly done, my server came over with another bowl of soup,  but later found out that it wasn't mine.
I explained that I was missing a lot of ingredients and she at least got them for me, but my soup was nearly finished.
I got some more broth for free an a togo box, so it was the best I could have hoped for I suppose.
The pork belly was a bit more on the fattier side for belly, but full of flavor.
Again the meat was ice cold.
The egg was creamy on the inside and not too shabby.
I found from the waitress that we were supposed to spice up our own bowl of ramen, but I never received any spices to add, a shame.
Overall my experience was not one of the best.
I know it was grand opening day, and the place was fairly packed.
I found some tables better taken care of: some had the spices table side and others got long explanations of what was offered more.
I was helped by multiple servers so I place it on just bad luck and timing.
My most recent one did the best she could to remedy the situation so a full tip for her!
Overall I am not sure if this place would be my replacement for Republic Ramen.
Rat offers bigger portions, more noodles and hot meats for only a few bucks and miles more.
I'll come back in a few weeks and try again, perhaps it was just a case of the grand opening hectics.
I hope so, because if the meat was hot, the ingredients not forgotten and the service more streamlined, I feel this place could really do something.
Once again though, the people themselves were fantastic and very friendly.

Alright - I am NOT a ramen expert.
I have never been to Japan, I have not worked under the best noodle master in Shanghai, I don't think I have had the best, most rare, noodles on the planet.
I only know what I like and what I don't like.
I liked Umami a lot.
I enjoyed my bowl of ramen, and I wish I loved closer so I could have it more often.
I also really appreciated that I could select additional items to add to my bowl of ramen.
If you are in the area, and fancy a tasty bowl of ramen, stop by.
It's not rocket science, kids, it's ramen.

The ramen was very good, and I liked that there were 3 ways to prepare the broth- soy, sea salt, or miso style.
I got the soy and it was very tasty.
There is a slip you fill out to order, so it is easily customizable to suit your fancy.
Try the pear saki, very good!
I loved the chalk board wall by the bathroom, fun to pass time while you wait.
Also the up and coming private/quiet room looks nice for studying over lunch.

My husband and I went here today because we had heard about this new Ramen Noodle house that just opened up the past weekend and we were SO disappointed.
It's WAY overpriced for the amount of noodles you get and on top of that you have to pay extra for toppings!
$1 for 1 boiled egg, $1.50 for barely a handful of chicken AND .25cents for how spicy you want the soup to be.
Definitely won't be going here anymore.

I was a little weary of this place due to the other reviews, but wanted to try it anyway.
I will start this by saying I've never had authentic ramen, so I'm just going off my taste-buds here, and am stating that Umami was really good!
Their ordering system is "chipotle style" as you get to pick the type of broth, protein, and veggies/extras.
I chose the miso ramen with pork, roasted garlic, and extra noodles (I was really hungry).
My husband ordered the special which was creamy garlic chicken broth, with pork belly, hard boiled egg, and extra noodles.
Both of our bowls were rich with flavor, and were generous in its portion of meats and vegetables.
Our server was pleasant and on point, and the decor was bright and modern.
They even have a zen garden, which I had fun playing with while my husband used the bathroom.
I will for sure be back to try some more delicious ramen.

Got take out from here today.
I was excited to see a new restaurant finally open at this location.
The experience however, was not as expected.
While the staff is pleasant, the food is mediocre at best.
I had the vegan ramen with Togarashi corn, Tofu and Kimchi.
The only problem was that the food came with plain corn and no Tofu, although I was definitely charged for both.
The broth was lukewarm and extremely salty.
Overall, a very disappointing lunch experience.

I had Umami for the first time today.
I had my friends from work send me a screen shot of the menu, and then I ordered from there and they brought it back to work for me.
I am not sure which broth I had because I told my coworker to just get me "the best one" and it really was delicious.
Super rich, salty and velvety.
I added the roasted pork and a hard boiled egg to it.
I really enjoyed my lunch, and they packed it really well for take out, with the noodles in a different container than the broth so they wouldn't get mushy.
I ate about half of it, and was super full.
I put the rest in the fridge, and then re heated it about 3-4 hours later, afraid that the noodles were going to absorb all the broth and become gigantic and mushy.
But no, they were still perfect.
I can't wait to come eat here more often as soon as the weather cools down.
I think this will be a weekly lunch spot!
A very satisfying meal

I must say I was a bit disappointed.
I ordered the miso broth pork bowl and it was lacking in flavor.
I got the normal pork, not the pork belly and it was quite fatty.
A flavorless greasy bowl for $10 bucks will not entice me for a return visit.

I have been to this place twice.
tried the miso grilled chicken and pork versions of their ramen offering.
Taste: its fine.
Its ramen, true carbs.
So its filling and fine.
I personally like the taste of miso and so i like their broth as well.
Add ons: Here is the rip off.
If you order the 8$ bowl, you would get some ramen, spinach and kimchi.
You need to add on your protein and flavor for additional cost.
The more you pay, more flavor you get.
Price: This is my main gripe.
Ramen is the cheap grad student food.
Cup o noodle like basics are very pricey here.
And my 12$ bowl of ramen is just not worth it.
I eat a lot of asian food: ramen, pho, etc.
And i would not recommend this place if you love your asian food as well.
They have a great marketing team though.
They are all over facebook.
Kudos to that.

I had the chicken, pork and the owner brought me a sample of the slow roasted pork.
O. M. G. Delicious.
Come hungry and leave satisfied.
Very reasonable prices!

I've been trying all the various ramen shops in the Phoenix area.
This is hands down the best ramen I've had thus far.
They were kind enough to provide us samples of their different broths although they did not have their Tonkotsu broth available at the time, I did get the Paitan broth although I think next time I will try the Shoyu one.
Now that being said there were a couple things I do wish they would change... Price, people have complained about the price and if you get enough add-ons the price does get pretty high.
I kept my add-ons simple this time around as I wanted to get the base experience here.
So I ended up with a reasonable $11 bowl of ramen which isn't terribly bad.
Considering they're very, very close to ASU, I figured it'd be slightly cheaper to attract the student crowd but remembering my college days the instant ramen was sufficient and much more affordable so hopefully that doesn't bit them later due to the location.
The other thing I want to discuss is the temperature, the brother came out fairly good.
It could have been a little hotter though (temperature, not spicy) as it's seems a lot of the ingredients are put in cold and expected that the broth will heat them up and cook them slightly more... unfortunately this has the added effect of really cooling the broth down more than it should.
So either the broth needs to be much hotter which might effect it's taste or they really need to pre-heat the ingredients more so it's not so drastic of an effect on the temp of the broth.
I'm still a big fan as I said as it is definitely my favorite ramen place so far.

My first time at Umami and I left satisfied (and almost bursting at the seams).
They have a vegan broth option which was delicious and on point.
The ramen bowls start at $8, I added a boiled egg for $1 and was a happy camper.
One star off because I really wish they had more veggie toppings (mushrooms, extra seaweed, Chinese broccoli) or even some fish for the protein?
Also, their menu is slightly different from online so they may want to integrate the two -- we didn't get an option for the spiciness of the broth -- but I'm sure you could inquire.
I'm definitely coming back.

I just fell in love (in several ways).
Great decor, clean bathrooms (which is always a plus), nice bar setting, amazing service (usually pretty waitresses are bad servers but this was a very pleasant exception).
The food was tasteful, filling, inexpensive, what else can you ask for?
I read a couple of bad reviews of people bitching about "authentic ramen" or the place being expensive.
Don't listen to them.
I mean, idk what's authentic nowadays, but what really matters is a good taste, and this place has it!
I had edamame with no salt but with a garlic oil, super yummy.
The bowl with tofu was also super good.
A cold unsweetened green tea was the perfect drink for that delicious dinner.
I'll be back soon!
Cheers

O.K, so heres the thing.
These guys got their "one of the hottest ramen noodle joints in the country yada yada" nod, before they were even open.
Can you say great marketing team?
Absolutely, and the place is really nice looking, but it's NOT good.
And this is not an "authentic" vs not authentic thing as many people have taken one side or the other for.
I could care less if it was authentic, as long as it tasted good, which it does not.
Flavorless, greasy, over cooked this, under cooked that.
The miso broth pork bowl was the biggest travesty of them all.
There were 4 of us, and there were so many holes in the execution of the dishes, that it just felt clumsy and...yes, had you wishing for a more seasoned team (which may be why many people are screaming for "authenticity" by authentic they may just be saying they want something thats good....or at the very least something worth the price tag...which in this case is a little exorbitant compared to their competition.
Base price of most dishes is already on the border, and then come the add ons.
Add Ons which are not add ons in other places that serve ramen.
Bad form, they essentially even charge you extra for flavor.
Bottom line, authentic, not authentic....I would rather spend my money in a place where the dishes come WITH the flavor included in the price.
If you can make it down to Ahwatukee, Sushi Ken's got some stellar ramen.
Ramen Republic not too shabby either, I would skip this one though.
There are so many places where you'll be paying for a lot less than an awesome marketing team tells you you should pay for this kind of thing, and get a whole lot more.

Take it from an asian, this place was mediocre at best.
First let me say this was somewhat hard to find; it's kind of tucked in the back corner behind the bank on 7th st and Myrtle.
Anyways,   The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.
Starting off at $8 bucks just for the soup and a handful of noodles?
Honestly it's just way too much for how little you get.
Then you add your protein which can range in price.
I ordered just the shoyou broth with pork for an add on of $1.50; when my bowl came out I looked at it and was thinking where is my meat?
It was all shredded up into little bits.
I give it 2 stars for the decor; it was pretty nice and well lit.
Bathrooms were nice as others have said.
The service was ok; the two girls that served was friendly, but got lots of orders mixed up even with them numbering our tickets by seat positions.
I've definitely had better!
A mile down the street is Republic Ramen it's cheaper than Umami and has a larger portion size.
Needless to say I will never be going back here again.

I ordered a bowl with corn and pork.
Cost more than 10 bucks.
The food was pricey and you can tell the pork was reheated from fridge.
My home made ramen tastes better than this...
Sorry to give two stars.
Really need some improvements.

Not exactly sure what I ate, but it wasn't ramen, that for sure.
Might give it another try, i usually give all spots a 4th

Walked by this spot and was curious.
Checked it out and loved it.
I was a little turned off by the reviews, but I like to give places a chance.
The head chef, Jared knows what hes doing.
Their ramen is good and well prepared.
I hope the locals catch on, they've got something good in Downtown Tempe.

An average restaurant experience.
It is what it is.
Noodles, broth, protein/tofu, and some veggies.
For what you get probably a bit on the expensive side.
I think with the other options on Mill Ave this would be a rare return for me.

Strike 1: Only proteins available at 12:15pm were tofu and spam.
Wha???
Strike 2: It took the staff at least 15 minutes to INPUT our order into the computer and then realize that the only proteins available were tofu and spam.
Strike 3: Even though we were seated first at a table, the three guys at the counter who were seated a few minutes after us got to order first.
Final thoughts?
Generally disorganized and frantic.
Pricey.
Nearly undrinkable salty broth.
However: super nice staff, great thick and chewy noodles, deliciously ripe kimchee, and functionally awesome soup spoons.
(see photo)

The BEST easy lunch, dinner or late-night meal you could ever imagine!
The ramen is flavorful and the bowls are enormous - more than I can eat in one sitting.
Fresh vegetables and smoked pork with a bowl full of noodles hits the spot every time.
For an extra rich fresh, add some butter and garlic - yum!!
Nice having a great local spot that isn't corporate or boring to frequent in Tempe!

LOVE IT!
Came here with a friend who recommended it.
Upon entering, the atmosphere was really chill, lots of interesting stuff to add into one bowl.
After chatting with the owner, discovered he actually studied his craft in Japan and that his noodles arrive fresh from a trusted source in California, real cool guy, attentive staff.
excellent on a cold day!

We went two nights in a row during a very cold spell in Tempe and it hit the spot.
Nice servers, fresh ingredients, clean food presentation, and decent vegetarian (broth & protein) options.
I liked the garlic paste a lot and added extra noodles and my bf added everything in there plus extra noodles and liked it all.
That's a whole lot of noodles, but good if you're really hungry.
I'd like more veg options (extra carrots or anything really) just to round out my meal, but we got double edamame in a bento box the second night and that filled the void.

The food was okay.
It kind of took a little while and then when it arrived, it wasn't as hot as it should have been.
It was kind of salty.
And it was expensive!!!
My boyfriend and I each got a bowl and it ended up being $33 including tip.
After everything, it wasn't terrible, but I don't think I will be returning back.

I've been a few times, and overall the atmosphere has been very chill without too many rowdy ASU students.
Service in the dining area was a little off-- orders were forgotten--but the place is new enough so I understand.
The food is delicious, they serve Orion, and have a great selection of sake and are very knowledgeable and eager to let you sample, especially if you sit at the bar.
The owners and staff are all really cool and I love that I can go after midnight on the weekends.
I just wish it were a bit cheaper.

Went back today and was a little confused.
The hard boiled egg addition is now a pickled egg, which is doesn't say anywhere on the menu.
My friend got the vegan noodle bowl and it came with rice noodles, when last time it came with ramen noodles- also we were never brought sriracha or any of the spice packets.
Not saying it was bad, just disappointed in the lack of consistency.

The ramen expert in me wants to cringe when I eat the ramen.
LOL But I also know that I'm not in Japan or California, and this is probably better than most ramen places in Tempe.
Well, it's better than Republic Ramen... if that is saying much?
However, it's probably from the same people of Republic Ramen.
The broth, the menu and the style is just too similar.
And it's just as expensive.
I ordered the ramen.... no toppings and it was $8.
Additional toppings are at least $1 per topping, and that is ridiculous.
I don't know where these guys learned to make ramen but please.... no more spinach.
It ruins the texture and flavor of the broth.
I don't even want to ask why there is corn available as a topping.
I'll just get annoyed.
-______-  Better off going back to Cherry Blossoms for their ramen (which actually tastes like Japanese ramen).

This place has a lot of potential, with that being said, for the price, I expect the best most thoughtfully prepare bowl of Ramen.
It was good, but not that good.

My friends and I came here one morning for some breakfast ramen.
Something, most ASU students will do, whether Maruchan, Top Ramen or Ramen Republic or some kind of blonde and thick horse hair.
When we came here, the place had been barely open a week or so.
Let me start off by stating that I parked far off.
I wasn't sure if we could park in the lot next to the church right in front so rather than be towed away by most of the predatory tow companies that patrol Tempe and especially the ASU area like Nazis, I just parked in the lot next to Ztejas.
Let me tell you, it was a brisk walk with me being a minature landwhale having more chin than a Chinese phone book at the time.
I've since lost a disturbing amount of weight and look like a concentration camp survivor.
I'm striving for that sexy middle ground, but I digress.
We came in and the place was actually pretty nice.
The bathrooms were super artsy and clean and Japanese garden looking.
Nice I thought.
Waitress, pretty good looking.
We sat down and there was crayons in boxes of sand, further more drawing on the Japanese style decor, and drawing paper.
I thought that was pretty cool too.
I looked at the menu.
It's not as cheap as Ramen Republic or a $0.20 bag of top ramen, I'll tell ya that.
The basic bowl of ramen was like $8.
All the other toppings and stuff were $.025 to $2 more so or.
I thought that was a gyp but it must be delicious to command such a price.
We ordered.
Now, since it was barely a week after opening day and I heard that they were giving away free ramen on that day, they were out of a bunch of ingredients so I had to maneuver through what little that they had left.
The ramen came out pretty good.
I just don't like the pricing especially when Ramen Republic is all inclusive as far as additives are and the prices for extras are just that...extra.

Food was great- but the service...guys:  get it together!
you almost have a home-run, but the lack of training and skill set is KILLING your customer base.

Best ramen I have had outside of Japan.
Most are only familiar with the 10 cent crap from Food City, if you even eat that= this place isn't for you.
Clean spot.
VERY friendly staff.
New place, and can feel that they are still working things out, but as a business owner that is a non-issue.
GREAT ramen, the chef had us try a few of the things we didn't order, and it was so good we are heading back in a few mins, 1 week later.
-and WAYYYYYY better than the kinda dirty spot about a mile away that I was at just 1 week before, and never going to again...

I had somewhat high hopes, and I like their logo, the building and the restaurant design.
The service was a bit odd - the server seemed confused, and they were out of some drinks and food.
We pushed on and each had a bowl of ramen - mine was pork based with garlic and kimchi - similar to what I've had on Honshu near Korea.
It was OK - and certainly nothing like authentic.
The edamame was above average.
Worried about their survival as Arizona needs ramen shops of every quality.

After living in East Asia for over 6 years, Umami is one of the best places in Phoenix for an excellent bowl of ramen.
I highly recommend the Paitan broth for it's rich flavor.
Chefs are passionate about the food they make and the staff in general are very friendly and knowledgeable.
Also, great selection of Asian beers, sake and tea.

Good luck on trying to find this little gem!
It's definitely not an easy find, but if you're one of the lucky ones who do find it, you know just how delicious it is!
I'm not a huge ramen eater, so when my friends suggested we try this little place, let's just say that I wasn't super thrilled.
But I like hanging out with friends and will try just about anything, so figured why not.
And boy am I glad I did.
While the ramen bowls start at $8 and you have to pay additionally for each topping, it doesn't make it the cheapest meal.
(My thoughts on this is more or less for college kids, since it's on Mill...).
However, with that said, my $11 meal here, was totally worth it and suuuuuper delicious!
So much so, that I'd even enjoy going back!

I think I haven't reviewed Umami yet because I kind of wanted to keep it a secret.
It has become my favorite place to get away for lunch on a work day.
It is within walking distance of my office and is just a block west of Mill Ave and 6th Street but it feels like a special hidden place.
They are never crowded and the staff is always relaxed and friendly.
The décor seems very cool and trendy and their prices are pretty reasonable so I am not sure why there aren't a ton of students in here all the time.
But that's fine with me, I like things quiet and chill the way they are now.
They do have a really good bar so maybe they get a little more lively during happy hour?
I'll have to check that out sometime...
The first time I wandered in here I sat at the bar and a friendly young guy (who was pretty easy on the eyes, btw) explained the menu to me and the ordering process.
Basically you fill out a card and check the boxes for the flavor of broth you want, then pick the protein, then whatever extra toppings you want (each have the addl cost listed).
Don't worry about picking any of the extras if you don't want to because even the "basic" bowls of ramen have plenty of good stuff in there - bok choy, carrot, radish, bamboo shoots... and of course those super tasty noodles!
My favorite broth is the Paitan.
It sort of tastes like a miso broth but with more flavor.
I agree with the other reviewers that sometimes the broth can be a little too salty so I had to subtract one star.
However I love all the flavor and the vegetables and noodles are always delicious.
The chicken or pork is precooked but pretty rare so it finished cooking in the broth.
All the flavors meld together and create a wonderful bowl of goodness.
Yum, yum, my mouth is watering right now!!

The best Ramen and service one could ask for!!!!
Their broths are delicious.
Never had a bad experience ... Be sure to order their special Mike's sauce which is so good it will make you smack your mama!
Oh yeah, did I mention that they are open to 3am on weekends!!
No more fast food for me!!
#ramensogood #mikesaucefanatic #noguiltpleasure

Thank you for opening Umami!
When people find this hidden ramen house, its going to be busy all the time.
Thankfully when we arrived today, we got to enjoy the entire place to ourselves!
It was around 4:00pm and we were greeted by a lovely woman, a wonderful spirit, super welcoming and with a warm the heart kind of smile.
I felt truly welcomed by this person.
She gave us a little introduction about the place and let us choose where we wanted to sit.
They have plenty to choose from!
You walk thru the front door into the bar area with a large bar and tables with high bar stools with a television.
To the left of the bar you walk into the dining room area.
This area is painted lively colors with green chairs and origami on the rafters...(soon there will be local artwork hanging/painted on the walls - I asked, its true!).
To the right of the bar is a smaller room, they call the quiet/tea room.
It is a small, comfy room with dim lights and a zen atmosphere; a place I would love to come to read a book or study.
The restrooms are located past the tea room.
And there is also a large outside area with picnic tables.
We chose Umami because we love ramen, its walking distance from our home, it would be a new experience for us, and to finish a book my love and I have been studying.
It was perfect.
The woman who greeted us and waited on us for our visit, was so so so nice and wonderful!
Her name was Paula!
I hope all of you that visit Umami, get to enjoy Paula as well!
She was very thorough with explaining our options and then promptly returned with our hot tea and water.
We ordered miso soup and she took our order slips for the ramen.
The miso soup came right out, almost as fast as ordering it.
It was very flavorful with little bits of tofu and sliced scallions.
We began reading and taking notes on our book and soon enough before I even finished my soup the ramen was at our table!
We ordered rice noodles with vegan broth, tofu, kimchi, garlic, and corn.
There was also spinach leaves and bamboo shoots in the bowl.
Huge bowls of ramen noodles loaded with glorious veggies!!!
AAAAAAA!
In heaven!
I must admit we were there for a couple hours.
Relaxing, really loving the quiet and peaceful atmosphere.
Paula was great.
She was excellent with checking in on us at the right times and leaving our table with a smile.
We chatted a bit about the restaurant, asking about if it was always empty around this time of day.
She said lunch is busy but during the mid afternoon hours, not to much traffic.
In the evening it picks up around 6 or 7pm.
Umami is fairly new, only being open since September, making this a secret spot for most .
Especially since its not really on Mill Ave or 6th St.   Well, let my review be the deal breaker, for you must visit Paula and Umami!
Give this place some love because it needs to stay around for a long time!
Such a wonderful, little loving ramen house that is away from the busy bodies on Mill Ave.  Its like a little oasis.
Thank you Paula for being such a beautiful person!

Great concept and great food!
After spending time in Japan and eating a lot of ramen, this ranks up there in comparison.
The passion and dedication of the owner chef comes through with amazing and fresh ingredients.

Totally amazing ramen!
I like this better than Pho...!
Great flavors, try the pork belly!
Super filling.

Absolutely amazing ramen!
Kept a rowdy group of 14 guys silent for a whole meal.
This is the real deal.
Everything is prepared for hours and hours and you can practically taste the effort that goes into it.
Not to mention the staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgable.
This is my favorite place in Tempe and I can't wait to come back.

Absolutely wonderful.
A unique dining experience with extremely friendly staff.
Best ramen I've ever had.

The food, and the sake were very good.
They urged me to set my prejudice aside and get Spam® with my ramen, and I'm happy I did.
The prices were very reasonable as well.
The front of the house needs some practice.
For instance, they missed handing off our order smoothly when the servers switched, and our bento appetizers didn't arrive until after the ramen had arrived.
Mind you, they did the right thing and comped the appetizers.
I'm not complaining.
But I think it would help if they brought in a good front of house person to help out what could otherwise be an outstanding restaurant.
(We sat in the dining room-I observed at least two parties try to enter the place by way of a non-functioning door before they realized they needed to enter via the bar door.
Maybe a little signage is in order?
)  Definitely recommended.

Outstanding service - very fun, personable and warm people.
Great atmosphere and attention to detail.
Went out of their way to take care of us.
Amazing place, and delicious ramen!
Great place to take a date.
You have to check it out!

Great ramen, atmosphere and service...
Saw two flies inside the restaurant though, which makes me a little concerned.

Went on an off day - and it was still pretty packed.
Ordered rather quickly then it all went down hill from there.
Received the appetizer quickly then waited over 30 min for our ramen.
They were out Pork Belly at 11:15 am and as the server announced they had a rather busy midnight crowd..
Mind you they open at 11:00am.
After noticing people who arrived after us had eaten and were leaving I inquired why my order was taking so long.
The manager mentioned they were waiting for me to finish my appetizer which was edamame and seaweed salad.
Funny - we had finished that in 10 minutes.
FINALLY our ramen came and although it was very tasty - it wasn't tasty enough to wipe away the fact that they were out of 3 of their meats and soup took 42 minutes to arrive.
Would I return - I think now..

This place serves me a shameless addiction in the form of a soup that is so full of flavor, especially when customized with the help of the friendly and experienced staff or owners/operators that frequently interact with guests, that I constantly crave it.
Pairs nicely with refreshingly cold japanese beers and authentic appetizers.
Go and try the ramen soup, as is (each broth has their own strengths) and enjoy the work that is brought by full time attention to the broth creation, and then come back and ask how you can customize it - Warning: your mind may melt.
Also, fairly empty on week nights and there are three different 'sections' with various ambiances to choose from.
A quiet VIP lounge area with dim lighting and nice decor, an inviting bar with plenty of seating, and a dining room area that has great music playing.
(Note: The place, somewhat hard to find the first time around, is one block North of Myrtle and University, park and walk past the parking garage ramp)

This place is hands down one of my new favorites.
The staff are friendly, personable.
The black tea sochu shot, in the peach beer is my new fav drink.
The ramen is the best I've ever had!

Holy crap  I just went there with a group of friends.
Becca the chef told me about some special spicy chicken cracklings they made today for the ramen.
I tried them (never had cracklings before)  And it was amazing.
Even better than the roasted chicken I've now ordered every Friday for the last few months.
If they have it, TRY IT!
Also their new vanilla infused sake was awesome!

Very good ramen.
Liked that you could customize your own bowl of ramen.
Way to much food for me.
Next time will have to share with my husband.
The  staff is friendly and attentive.
Great selection of appetizers, beer, and sake.

Visited this restaurant on a whim while visiting with friends from New York and it was absolutely amazing!!
We ordered the ramen bowl with cracklings and spam and spicy corn and our taste buds were absolutely delighted.
I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in the country, including Morimoto in NYC and I was absolutely blown away by Umami.
We also were intrigued to order the carrot hummus which was fantastic!
I would recommend both dishes very highly.
We drank Buddha beer and their 12 year old Japanese whiskey (forgot the name) which was a pleasant surprise.
I never had Japanese whiskey before but I am a fan for life.
If you visit the Tempe area, you absolutely MUST make it a point to stop at Umami and treat yourself to a plethora of Japanese treats!

This place was definitely open last time I checked!
I still don't trust it though, there is something seriously too addicting and delicious about their ramen!

Crazy good service.
I am not a ramen expert so I don't know where it ranks...
But it's clean with amazing service... Beer is cold... And food is good.
We will be back.
It's back open too FYI

I love Umami.
It's my favorite place for Ramen in Phoenix fo sho.
Great quality food, nice selection of ingredients to add, broths are tasty, it's not too expensive,  and it comes out in a timely manner.
Love it.

Very cool food!
Great presentation , simple menu , and the food is tasty.
You'll probably enjoy their noodle bowl.
You can go all vegan , but they only have alcoholic drinks.

Tried this place with my boyfriend tonight and was very impressed.
I will be honest I am not a ramen expert but we were both very happy with our meals as well as the service.
I had the Paitan preparation with roast pork and the boyfriend had the miso with the chicken.
The presentation was beautiful with the nori, carrot "flowers" and fish cake.
The roasted garlic and corn extras were really tasty.
Other reviews comment that the ramen is pricey, but my opinion is dinner out for two for about $20 isn't too bad, especially if it tastes good.
I also want to add that this is a stark contrast to the "Ramen night" at Posh.
I thought the flavors, presentation and service were much better at Umami than at Posh, and Umami is much less expensive than Posh too.
I can't wait to bring more friends here!

Ok, to start with, I recently had ramen at Takumi in Okayama, Japan which is probably the best I've EVER have had in my life.
So, it's not really fair, but I am still going to do this.
I recently went to Republic Noodle House after my trip back from Japan, after realizing that I actually CAN eat a hot noodle dish in the Summer time, without getting grumpy and fidgety.
The soup stock was bland, and the only thing they had going for it was the amount they gave you.
So, decided to give Umami a try.
Got there kind of early, around 5:30, so I was pretty much the only person there.
Started talking with the chef, and realized he knew what he was doing.
He talked about boiling the bones to create the broth, a whole day and a half before serving it.
DING.
I ordered the Shoyu, with Chasu w/hard boiled egg, a side of kimchi and a Asahi torpedo.
It was an extremely enjoyable meal.
I enjoyed the broth immensely, as chef has taken the time to properly prepare it.
There was plenty to eat, and it did fill me up and met expectations.
They do have slipper chopsticks, which would have been my only qualm.
I forgot to bring my set from Kamakura, but perhaps next time.
Because there will be a next time.
And a time after that, and another time after that.
Republic is definitely a one-and-done place for me.
***Last minute add....If you go before 7pm, you get $2 off your Ramen, and the torpedo of beer is $6 instead of $8.
Happy Hour indeed.

loved it!!
Built your own is always winner everybody like different food!
the service was great and the food was tasty and it's was my first time and Probably not the last!
I tried the bowl With miso broth with the chicken roasted and with the other stuff they put in their.Very nice place love the concept deco and very clean and peaceful:)Bravo J'aDore à la prochaine mes amis!
:)))

Authentic ramen.
Noodles were cooked just right.
We had Shoyu and Paitan ramen and both of the ramen's broths were excellent, but a bit salty.
Clean and modern atmosphere.
Definitely a place to try if you are craving for soup noodles.

Good atmosphere, good food and good service.
My girl and I both had the Miso base with different fixings and we both enjoyed our meal.
We'll be going back for sure.

Ive been coming here since day one and I continue to go.
Ive eaten ramen at some of the top ramen houses in the U.S., Momofuku, Yamadaya, Tat-Suya, Oiister, Zen 6, Momi and have to say that Umami satisfies the need.
Every time I visit Umami I seem to bring another person and the reaction is always positve.
I tend to be the type of person who eats the same thing so I get paitan, charsu, pork belly, soft egg, togarashi corn, kimchi, no spinach, no carrots, extra nori, extra naruto.
The atmosphere is fun, the decor is great.
Ive gone with dozens and by myself and service is always great.
Drinks are reasonable and the price of a bowl of ramen isn't outside of the norm.
Just my $0.02

Love this place.
The paitan is always amazing, drinks are super tasty, great selections of sake and beers, atmosphere is nice, servers are super friendly, always great food!
Best ramen in tempe!

My first Ramen and Saki experience.
Great food with an amazingly friendly staff.
The Ramen with pork great.
Also try the Saki with the meal.
It's not just a meal, it is an experience .

Excellent food and great unique options.

