I went here to get my back adjusted.
$20 bucks per person?
Not too shabby.
I've had minor back and shoulder pain for years from bad posture... and from playing WoW.
I knew exactly what I wanted from the chiropractor.
We were the only clients and we were taken care of right away which was great!
My back felt really great after the adjustment but I still had some trouble with my left shoulder.
Would probably go back again.... maybe try out another location or something.

I have been a Chiropractic patient for years, and have gone through 18 Chiropractors in 9 states.
Most only just do hip, back, neck, and say see you next time.
I came into The Joint because I was having a pain in my rib.
Both Doctor's Yen and Sheldon diagnosed me as having intercostal chondritis.
A very painful subluxation of the rib and consequent tearing of the plural cavity making breathing difficult.
It took 4 adjustments, a week at a time, and little by little it finally went back into place.
Now, I can take a deep breath again.
The knowledge and skill required to do such adjustments is not commonplace.
Also; jaw, shoulder, wrist, and ankles, all for $49 a month?
It's a no-brainer and an incredible deal folks.

I started having major back issues a few years ago and started going to a chiropractor who was decent, but charged what I pay monthly here per visit.
What's best is Dr.
Yen gives treatment that is as good, and probably better than what I received at my previous place.
It is also great to walk in and be adjusted quickly.
Dr.
Yen is awesome.

Dr.
Yen was great I wish he was in Los Angeles.
I left feeling taller, stronger, and faster.
Dr.
Yen did techniques no one has ever done.

Very satisfied with the service!
Front Desk: Britney was very helpful.
Dr. Yin's technics were excellent.
I wish this place was closer to home.

Was a patient of Dr.
Yen, I say was because he moved locations to North Las Vegas at Stewart Chiropractic.
He is an excellent Dr. very gentle on your back and does certain techniques that really ease and release tense muscles on your back instantly.
If you live in the North Las Vegas area I suggest you go visit him, you will not regret!
He's off of Camino Al Norte and Ann Rd.
GOOOO!!!

This place is amazing!
I come in with my back messed up and leave with my back feeling amazing!
Receptionist is a Doll and all the chiropractors are are amazing!
I would recommend this place to anyone!
I give these guys a hundred stars if I could!

