If you are looking for a dance studio in the southwest part of town, this is the place to go!!!
Two of my kids take different kinds of dance classes and they both love it.
The teachers are professional dancers who are fun and want you to succeed!
The first class is free so try it out, what have you got to lose??

This dance studio is great!
My daughter loves it!
I live pretty far away but it's worth the drive.
The dance instructor is great.
She is very professional and friendly.
I love the way she teaches.
She cares for her students.
It is also a very friendly environment amongs the parents.
I recommend this dance studio to anyone who is looking for a place to take your kids to learn and have fun!
I'm defiantly signing my other two kids for some classes.

Heather's dance life is a really great dance studio!
Heather who owns the studio is amazing!!!
She really cares about every student!
Not only is she a great teacher but is very naturing person!
All of the teachers are professional dancers and have been in big dance shows and are great!!
My girls love going to dance!!
We drive all the way from green valley to go here!!!
If you want your kids to go to a dance studio that has a very warm vibe and great teachers this is the place!
You will love it!

Heather's Dance Life  is AWESOME!!
My daughters love this place so much, they don't  want to leave when dance class is over.
NO JOKE!!
Very friendly and relaxing atmosphere with staff, students and parents.
We live in the NW part of town and make the drive to this studio, it is worth it!!.
If you are looking for teachers that are patient, respectful and professional...kids who love to dance, tumble,enjoy performing and having fun...parents who get along (NO DANCE MOM DRAMA)..classes that are affordable.THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE!!!
My kids love it here, there is a family feel to this studio.
Come check it out, its FREE to try a class!

If you are looking for a dance studio or just simply a place to bring you children to gain self confidence and enhance creative arts... Look no further...
I have lived in Las Vegas only for a short time and I frequently visit there.
My sister's daughter has been dancing with Heather for quite some time.
Heather has helped to mold an exquisite dancer and she has built an award winning 8 year old into a confident passionate creation of the arts.
As I watch my niece do some unreal movements I see that Heather makes class fun and lively for all including the parents.
Heather, not knowing her on a personal level I can see she takes great pride in the work she does and is very confident in teaching her craft.
There are many dance studio's in the Las Vegas area, but when it comes to your children, and a family oriented studio where parents are welcomed to be hands on, and fitness, and dance with your own creative arts flair with a well-known dance teacher that seeks out crafty performers... And seeks out bigger opportunities for them... and takes the extra mile for you and your family... Look no further...   We love Heather's dance life... And we love Heather also...

I found this place recently around the corner!
It's such a convenient location for me!
Heather was very friendly, professional and caring to the students.
They seemed to really enjoy theirselves and look forward to coming again!

