The food is still as crappy as it was ten years ago.
The service at this new spot lacking since it is full of airheads.
I realize that the girls are not selected for high IQ, but I expect them to know when to ask me if I want more or if I want the check.
It is a very simple process.
I will not return as there are many places that make a much better hot wing for less than one dollar per wing.
If you seek cute costumes in a sports bar choose TILTED KILT over this place any day of the week.

As promised, bigger and better!
This place is huge, waitstaff very friendly, food awesome as always!

Can I give 0 stars?
Really... you advertise 15 flavors available for wings... and when my party order's 50 wings, you say we can only choose 2 flavors!
What the hell?
I can go down the street and order any number of wings at Native New Yorker and get them in ANY configuration.
And right next store there is a Buffalo Wild Wings with a more liberal flavor policy as well.
That is exactly what I did.
Walked next door to BWW and got 50 wings, for less money and got to choose 5 flavors!
If you want to survive with all of your nearby competition, you are going to have to step up your game!

Service was fast, girls were friendly, and a little talkative, but in a good balance.
Food was actually pretty good.
Honestly, it's a Hooters... You know what you're getting.
But this is a good Hooters location.
Will be back.

Was staying across the street at the InnPlace Hotel over a weekend.
Spent half my time at Hooters.
Place was clean.
Beers were insanely cold (blue  moon was a little frozen!!!).
Girls were of decent hooters quality and even chatted me up while I sat at the bar (I have nothing to talk to a 20 year old about, nothing) but it was cool.
Service was pretty fast.
Watched a UFC PPV, since I only had a 2 minute walk, got there early and posted up at the bar.
Friendly crowd there for the fights...Went back the next day to have a beer and do my fantasy draft on there wifi, great service again, nobody had a problem with my laptop and excellent hi-speed connection (code "wings83rocks!").
I rarely give fives out but having been there on back to back days from super crowded to sort of empty and both great experiences, a 5 is what they deserve.
Nice mist covered outdoor seating.

Good food , good service

Love this place!!!
I've been going to Hooters for over 20 years and it never disappoints!!
This new location is top notch, is always clean, and there's what seems like a rotation of new girls working every time I come!
Add to that a newly vamped menu, pool tables, plenty of big screens, new wing flavors, and a good selection of Big Daddy sized beers on tap and you've got yourself a perfect getaway oasis in the desert!!

We went to Hooters for my daughters graduation party.
We had 12 people, We ordered 50 wings and some appetizers.
It took 30 minutes to get the food and the order was wrong.
We had to ask for silverware, dressing for the salad.
We didn't have enough plates.
It was hard to get refills and the food was awful.
The manager did come over and say well this is a big party so it takes time.
Yet we were the only people there, Never will I step in a Hooters again, So disappointed!

I love the new hooters!
Way better than the place the old place on Bell!
The place on Bell had a problem with your beer lines, and in the summer the beer was always warm.
Not here, the beer is always ice cold!
Of course the crispy wings are my favorite with a medium sauce and some nice cold ranch.
Service here has always been good and fast , as well as the ambiance.

Poor service took my order and didn't even put it in with my wife's order.
Walked due to poor service.
However management did go above and beyond to correct it by crediting the entire meal and giving us a $25 gift card

Went back a second time no hostess waited 5 minutes no one greeted us or even acknowledged us I walked out wife stayed and spoke to management on duty that night and they acted as if they didn't care that there staff was offering such poor service.
They have one more chance to get it right three strikes and your out

I know you should not except so much from this establishment but even with lowered standards I very disappointed.
Service was slow and I was unable to decider if it was laziness or ignorance on the part of the staff

If I could give this a zero star rating I totally would!
We came here to watch the boxing match on ppv.
There was a$10 cover charge to get in which was pretty ridiculous.
It took FOREVER to get a server to our table and just as long if not longer to get drinks.
After that she left our table without giving us an opportunity to order apps.
Apps took forever and came out with our dinner (Hello?!?
What's the point of apps if they don't come out first.
Then they're just sides!).
Our waitress was super snippy and rushed everything including when she took our order (she almost skipped my husband and I in a group of 6).
We asked to speak to a manager TWICE and my husband had to call in which still didn't get a manager to us.
We live in Oregon and LOVE our Hooters!
I was so extremely embarrassed to bring my friends for such a horrible experience!
Never ever EVER coming back here!

It was slow when we got there .
So service was prompt.. our girl was really nice and talkative so that was a plus .
A little expensive for all the food but wings were great ..
I guess you would only go here for UFC fights and such with beer ..   Ill go again .

Love coming to hooters,metro location is my favorite place to be the beers are ice cold and all the girls are gorgeous!

I'm extremely critical when it comes to hooters.
I've had good and bad experiences   Mostly bad.
But today was great Lauren was our server and she was phenomenal  I would recommend this hooters to everyone in the Phoenix area.

This is the only Hooters I know that has Hogaarden on tap.
When they serves it, it comes out ice cold with ice crystals.
Great beer and good bar food.

