Pros:  It's in my neighborhood, food is good (not great) because it's inconsistent.
Cons:  It's too pricey for what you get.
The owner is not customer friendly.
I wanted the chicken scharma with rice but I asked to substitute the pickled peppers and carrots with a scoop of the tabuli salad, he said no.
I offered to pay one dollar more for the scoop, he still said no.
I don't get this.
It was such a small amount I can't understand his decision.
He wanted me to pay 3.99 for a small side order.
This behavior doesn't make me feel valued as a customer, especially since it doesn't make a lot of sense, from a business perspective or human perspective.
i won't go back!

Food is pretty good, but service is terrible.

I was really happy when this place opened because it was another close Mediterranean restaurant to try.
However, I went in and ordered a beef sharwma plate and a chicken sharwma plate and asked for the rice to be substituted for a salad.
He said that's not a problem, it will only be $1 more.
I end up getting my receipt and it's actually $5 more.
I received my food and when I got home I realized there is no pita bread and the portions are small for a plate.
For a new restaurant with 4 customers in the restaurant this place should easily be able to make the orders correctly.
I will keeping going to Stefanos down the street from now on.

After realizing I had not supported my neighborhood restaurants in a while and being hungry for mediterranean food, I popped in to Yalla's.
It was after lunch and the restaurant was very quiet.
I was looking up at the menu on the wall, when a very nice young man pointed out the menu was also on the counter.
No neck strain necessary.
Plus, I can see better.
So, I ordered the vegetable skewer plate for $8.50.
Initially I thought it was a little pricey until I got home and opened it.
The food is stored in a styrofoam container with a large area in front and two smaller areas the back.
The large front area was filled generously with very tasty rice.
I loved the seasoning, it was delicate and smelled beautiful.
Two large vegetable skewers were placed on top, filled from end to end with a variety of grilled veggies like tomato, red pepper, mushroom, red onion.
The were cooked perfectly with just a hint of a bite.
There was definitely enough for two to share.
I'll be back!

I stopped by at 12:30pm to order Hummus, pita & lentil soup to go.
The restaurant is very clean.
I thought the service was great!
They were not very busy, I didn't have to wait more than ten minutes and they apologized for the wait!
I didn't mind at all.
The food: best hummus ever.
It was very creamy and fresh.
Pita bread was just ok, i thought it seemed a little chewy and day old.
Lentil soup was amazing!!!!
I'm in love with that soup.

Great food, not Greek, but Lebanese.
The menu isn't too big but everything is made fresh to order.
Staff very helpful and out-going.

This is my first time here just happened to notice it as I was driving.
I got the chicken Scharma and a side of falafel.
The guy who took my order was very polite, the food was made pretty quick and my order was correct.
Not too busy but a slow but steady amount of people coming in.
I did see the owner who was not as polite as his staff, he didnt even smile or say anything to a single customer.
The food was pretty good, ive had better but ive also had alot worse.
Good portion sizes so either they re vamped the sizes after the previous posts or the other place gives ridiculous portions.
I would come back again based on my experiance.

I was so excited when I found out Yalla was opening near my house- we were in need of a good Med Cuisine place there, and also, it is owned by Khoury's- my FAVORITE place to eat.
We ordered a few things, the roasted chicken sandwich, Fatoush salad with Chicken, and the beef kabobs.
The rice was out of this world!
It has a little crispy thin noodles and a light oil.
The hummus was great and the Fatoush was so tasty.
My husband had no complaints about the sandwich..but we did have a couple downsides.
The order was billed incorrectly.
And the cashier was very apologetic, but ended up billing me more, so that he didn't have to call his manager to fix it.
I felt that he should have just billed me the price he told me over the phone and comped his mistake.
Also, their Pita bread was not as good as i had hoped, tasted kind of old.
I'll be back though.
UPDATE:  I did come back, only to wait in line behind another customer for 10 minutes (at a counter btw) without so much as a "hello", or "sorry" from the cashier.
The wait was so long becuase this woman could not get her order together and we were ignored so we just left.
AWFUL SERVICE.
Cashier should have acknowledged us, or offered to start our order while the customer ran out to her car, but no.
Nothing.
AWFUL!
We went to Osaka across the street.

Yalla grill is absolutely delicious!
I decided to to come try Yalla because I knew the owners where the same as Khoury's, and it was a great experience.
I popped in after work to get a quick bite and it was fast and easy.
The food was the same fresh quality I had come to expect from Khoury's.
The rotisserie chicken was best chicken I've ever had!
It is cooked to a perfectly golden crisp, and the garlic paste is to die for.
I will definitely be eating at Yalla all the time!

I am a Vegetarian.
I have been one for over 15 years, so i generally know the cost of the foods i eat.
With that being said, this place is nothing but a scam!
I paid $9.50 for a dish of 5 fallafel balls, a few slices of old chewy un-seasoned tomatoes, a few slices of old cucumbers, some brown lettuce(used as garnish) and some straight out of the jar pepperoncini( 2 of them)......i also got a cup of the lentil soup...which was $3.99 and may as well have been served in one of those cups that you keep by your bathroom sink!
it was so small!
My boyfriend got a shawarma sandwich, which was only $5.99!......the sandwich was pretty big loaded with meat,, and veggies,  and filled him up nicely, but how is it that my meal which consisted of nothing but veggies was more than the meat???
Considering the cost of one tomato is less then .50?
and all i got was a few slices of old chewy tomato?I am a small business owner so i understand mark-up but come on!!
I am middle eastern by descent so i have to say that the soup and falaffel were very good...but despite that i will not be coming back here due to the absurd prices....i even noticed that to add fries to a sandwich was an additional $2.99!
That seems insane to me!
They also have a "veggie skewer dish" for over $9 which consists of 2 skewers that have one piece of broccoli, a few pieces of tomato, some onion slices and some red bell pepper slices...served over rice, thats it!

Very clean inside... fast service.
I tried the Yalla Salad w/ chicken shawarma.
Very tasty the dressing was light and citrusy and the chicken was moist and not dry & over cooked.
Try it for sure.
The hummus was also very tasty.
The pita bread was very fresh and not "fresh out of the bag"!

Food tastes very good kinda pricey.
As with any place that makes fresh food You have to wait for the food to be served.. Good selection of Middle-Eastern food.
Not as good as Glendale CA but a good choice for the Vegas area.

Had lunch here.
It was wonderful.
I would highly recommend it.

Love the food it's great authentic  Lebanese cuisine!found out its related to the sister restaurant Khourys Mediterranean, my mother had the chicken shawarma sandwich and I had the chicken kabob plate and it was great!!
It was cooked perfect and the chicken was juicy not dry like other restaurants I've been to.
Every time we're in the area, This place is my lunch place.
Can't wait!!
Big Like.

I had high hopes for this place.
I kind of grew up on Lebanese food.
First of all, the guy at the counter was great.
Nice and friendly.
Seemed eager to help.
Let's get to the food.
The hummus was pretty good.
Hummus is hard to make too poorly.
This one has a LOT of lemon in it.
I could have used some cumin or more cumin.
Perhaps a little cayenne and black pepper too, but like I said it was fine.
The beef shawarma was pretty damn good.
I'll go back for that alone.
The pita was soft, the tahini sauce was just the right amount of pungent.
The meat was slightly stringy, but that's the cow, not the restaurant.
It was done properly.
Their tabouli was good.
Not great, but good and fresh.
Again, LOTS of lemon.
Not as much as the hummus, but a lot.
The pickled parsnips were disgusting.
Some folks may like them, but didn't suit me at all.
Same with the garlic spread.
Two ingredients: garlic and olive oil.
AND it's a paste.
If you like garlic, you'll LOVE that stuff!
My wife's chicken kabobs were a little disappointing.
Overcooked, too crispy.
The rice was ok.  A lot was just ok.
I'll go there again for the beef and would try the gyro stuff, but I wouldn't take guests from out of town.
Too many other places that are way better.
But this one is a few blocks from the house, so I'll go back now and then.
If they stay open.

I was hesitant to try out this place because of the not so good reviews and there's already a lot of other Mediterranean places in the area that have better reputation.
But since it was the closest to my job, I decided to at least give it a shot.
I wasn't impressed the first time I came here when I got the chicken shwarma.
It was too salty for my taste buds.
After that I thought I wouldn't come back but everyone deserves a second chance right?
And I am so glad I did because after I tried their chicken kabobs, I was so hooked that I kept coming back for them at least once a week!
The chicken is perfectly cooked with the most delicious seasoning and it also comes with onions, mushrooms, and bell peppers also tastely seasoned.
I'm not a big hummus person but I actually like the texture and flavor of their hummus.
I really like their rice too!
So please give this place a chance and don't be put off with the reviews about bad service!

Awesome food....
Especially the shawarma sandwiches.
It's healthy and fast.
Great service.
Definitely coming back to eat here again.
It's a hidden jewel.

Wow, I can't believe anyone gave this place less than 4 stars, they must have been having a bad day!
I love Mediterranean food, and have tried every place I could find over the past few years here in the valley.
Some have been good and some have been ok, but this place really stands out because the food is exceptional!
If you like schwarma, you are in for a real treat.
The chicken is hot and moist, and seasoned perfectly.
Don't forget the garlic sauce!

Being half Lebanese I grew up on this food and tend to be very picky.
Service was great and the girl working knew what she was talking about.
My friend and I got our food to go and didn't not have to wait too long at all.
We ordered grape leaves, kibee balls, gyro, and a chicken schwarma.
Grape leaves were ok too salty and rice was under cooked.
Kibee balls were ok as well very greasy and tasted very fried.
I had the gyro and it was extremely salty I couldn't even finish it.
My friend had the chicken and she said the same thing...too salty.
The garlic dipping sauce was really fantastic though, my favorite part of the meal!

I really like this place!
Food is delicious!
Fresh and clean environment and you can see they take pride on there fare.
My only complaint is reliability!
I came here looking to by a whole chicken during peak dinner hour and they had none.
I asked why and they said that were just not busy enough to make more than 2 chickens for dinner and 2 for lunch.
The rotisserie is always empty and the place has very little business.
It is a shame because the food rocks!
I do go elsewhere when I am looking to buy chicken to take home for dinner.
There is a great place down the street that is awesome as well.
Reliability is a factor!
I will stop into Yalla for lunch and order a Shawarma.
I wish this place nothing but the best.
Maybe they should market a little better.
IMHO.
That is the only reason I am giving them 3 stars!
If they build there clientele and work on the loyalty and reliability Yalla is 5 stars in my book!

Fantastic!
I walk to Yalla once or twice a week for lunch and between the walk and the excellent healthy food on the menu, it's a win win situation.
I walked in the other day and it smelled like a bakery.
No wonder their pita bread is amazing!
This place is something special.

Well I guess that's the end of yalla as we knew it!
The place has new owners and went down hill quick.
Went in today to an empty restaurant and was with my wife and daughter.
I asked "Jacob" if he can substitute the hummus for something else for my daughter because she is allergic to sesame and he said he can give her a salad for a dollar more, I was like, really!
I am one of your best and only customers and he rolled his eyes as he proceeded to charge me and get my whole order wrong.
Never gave us our kefta and we had to wait for.
that.
Bad vibes thru out.
Signs of despair.
Food was ok but not a craving like before.
I am sure it won't last.

If you love Mediterranean food you must try this place.
Totally awesome.
They have a wonderful home made green hot sauce too!
Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious!
The pita bread is not too thick so you don't get bloaty.
They also offer a low carb option with lettuce wraps instead of pita bread.

Went there with my husband and his friend.
I had their vegetarian plate.
It was good.
Love the fresh bread.
The dolmas was differant from what I'm used to but it was delicious.
Service was awesome.
Will stop by again if I'm craving Mediterranean food and around the area.

Is there a rating lower than 1 star???
So I decided to stop in on a whim while driving by.
Big mistake.
I walked in and went to the counter to order - had to wait for someone to actually notice me there.
The young girl told me to grab a seat as I decided to eat in.
I grabbed that seat and ordered a glass of water which she brought promptly.
Without a doubt, based on the stale dirt taste, this was unfiltered tap water.
So I look at the menu and it takes me about 1 minute to decide on the gyro... 5 minutes go by.... 10 minutes go by...   17 minutes and FINALLY I catch the attention of the girl delivering food to the only other customer's in the place.
She comes over and asks if I've ordered and proceeds to take my order....
Thank goodness it didn't take as long to get my food because I was starting to shake from hunger.
Apparently I got someone else's french fries with my order - according to the other customer in the restaurant as she was very vocal about  telling me and the server that I had her fries.
Like it's my fault and I served them to myself?
It just keeps getting better....
So I dig in to my gyro...
It's cold.
Everything is cold.
The meat, the pita.... ?
What the hell?
Then another couple comes in and they are immediately offered a basket of bread while they wait... Ummm..
I could have used the bread while I was sitting there STARVING, waiting for my order to be taken.
I had to go up front and ask for ketchup for my fries - I got handed packets.. ummm ok. Packets in a 'restaurant'.
Then as I sit down tearing open my ketchup packets she brings the other customer a bottle.
Really?
Anyhow.. so there I am eating... while I am doing so the girl comes to my table and reaches over my plate to take two of the three empty ketchup packets off my tray.
Why?
Over my food?
Only 2 of them?
By this point I am just thinking "don't come near me again" over and over in my head.
Well, she did.
Not only did she drop the bill and tell me "no rush", another girl came by and started resetting the table while I was sitting there eating!!!
CAN IT WAIT?????!!!!!
I'M STILL EATING HERE!!!
By now I'm fuming and know that this was the worst lunch decision I've made...
I walk up to pay the bill and provide an adequate tip for the level of service I was given... 1.00 (Lucky to be given even that much).
As I turn to walk away the girl at the front counter decides to make a noise like a cat growl and a comment about the tip.
She's lucky I continued to walk out instead of turn around and verbally lash out at her unprofessional/rude ass.
First and LAST time I will ever go there... and as far as recommendations...
FORGET IT!

I have to say I did review the reviews of this place as I was waiting so I was biased but they did do a good job.
I had lunch with my family here because I wanted falafel.
I have to say that the falafel wasn't that good.
It tasted too fine as if made from a powder.
If that is not the case then I was a bit disappointed that they might have over ground the mix.
It was good but not anything I'd return for.
I did how ever like their fresh pita bread.
It was perfect with my falafel platter which came with some pickled veggies.
They serve hummus on the side which was a little runny for my taste.
The fresh pita and hummus were a good combo but both were slightly bland.
I wouldn't always necessarily say it was a bad thing but to have something not so salty but some flavor was missing.
My niece had a kids meal which wasn't anything special.
My aunt had a chicken wrap that was good.
Overall I would return to try some other stuff.
Service was good.
The young gentlemen was polite and also brought out a pita bread refill.
Prices were also good.

I've been to a few Mediterranean places lately mainly in California where I live I tried Yalla for the first time because I had a Groupon and I must say I was impressed.
It is really authentic tasting!
I ordered the shrimp kabobs and my gf had the filet mignon wrap.
Both were great!
The rice was great too!
I guess my only complaint would be we ordered jalapeño hummus and it didn't really taste like jalapeño nor was it hot but the pita bread and hummus were really good!
I will definitely come back!

Was in the mood for  some good Mediterranean food so my boyfriend and I ended up here.
I would like to start off by complimenting the staff, from the second we walked in everyone had a smile on their face and was very attentive.
My water glass was never empty and everything tasted very fresh.
We started off with the jalapeño hummus and pita bread.
The pitas were warm and fresh and the jalapeño hummus had just the right amount of spicy.
My boyfriend jokingly mentioned he was a spicy guy and they brought a small side of extra chopped jalapeño.
We had the chicken and beef shawarma (made with "top sirloin") it came with rice and was delicious.
The real highlights were the beef kabob made with filet mignon and the Kafka kabob made with angus beef which was very authentic.
Not to mention all the great sauces such as the tzatziki and garlic sauce (goes great with the kabobs) I also recommend the yalla fries and the gyros which are a definite must have!
Those who are unfamiliar with this this style of food or just looking for a good mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas Yalla should be your first choice.
This is a great family run restaurant, that shows with the quality of food and customer service.
Will definitely be back!

I had the Vegetarian plate: falafel, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, and some tahini dipping sauce and some peppers and lettuce.
All the food was excellent, and the falafel and stuffed grape leaves were the best I've ever had.

Good fattoush and Greek salads.
Fresh fries and yummy hummus.
Did not like the chicken swarma sandwich- dressing didn't have any taste.
Service was good but there really wasn't anyone in there.
There is a groupon online if you want to check it out.

