This was a good place to eat but is going down hill fast- we where in there last Sat.
for the broasted chicken-  we started with wet salad and ranch drsg that was just mayo- the sad part was the waitress knew the drsg sucked.
The ice tee was straw colored water- the waitress knew that too- no flavor.
We saw another couple get their order of the chicken - it was so over done it was black- so we changed our order.
He hardly ate any and they left very soon.
The fajita meat was over cooked and over seasoned.
The management needs to really step up and train the wait staff- the one guy on the floor was annoying to say the least - I'm here to help you babe- was his catch phrase-  the waitress we had was terrible -rude and unfriendly.
I won't be back.

I guess this would be my favorite place to eat in AJ.
Anyone that lives in AJ knows that that's not saying much...we typically have to go somewhere else for a decent dinner out.
The food here is pretty good with good flavors.
The portions are good and the quality is ok (above average for AJ).
Give this place a try.
I think it's worth a trip for the hungry looking for a place to eat/drink and relax.

Solid cheap eats but it's a bit of s hike.
Good (but not great) Mexican with some American thrown in

Even after reading the reviews we tried this place yesterday.
Went for early dinner around 4 p m was told seat yourself then a kid brought our menus...Our waitress was actually very nice and friendly.
Then this couple walked in...they sat near the door and proceed to yell a conversation with an older gentleman 2 booths away.
Annoying to say the least.
I ordered the 2 item combo...my husband did the same.
I got a Chile Relleno and Shredded beef burrito, he got 2 Chiles.
Served quickly....was actually liking eat except in the burrito no beans...then I bit into a piece of hard plastic!
When the waitress came to ask about dessert we said no and I handed her the plate and showed her the plastic and said to let kitchen know.
We got an apology and our bill....thought there would have at least a discount or a complimentary dessert or come back free entrée without plastic ...... paid....won't be back.
As a permanent resident not a snow bird we're the ones to make sure are happy  as we would want to support our local businesses in the summer.

Took forever to get our food, very disorganized wait staff!
Food was OK but the water must come right out of the water main, tasted terrible.
Also the place was very dirty!

First time dining here and it was awesome!!
If you are looking for fresh Mexican food at a good price this is your place!!
The servers were helpful, friendly, and professional!!
The restaurant and bathrooms were very clean!!!
Great spot in AJ!!!

I love this place, no it's not fancy!
But they are good people and the food is good...especially the meatball soup!
Be sure to ask for the special habanero salsa!

