Jeff Lawson showed up right on time and got the job done quickly and the right way.
He was very cordial, and fair with his pricing.
I would recommend him to anyone.

Friendly, Professional, family owned.
Great Response time also!
On a Saturday!!
Pricing was exceptional as well!!
If you need a plumber, look no further!!
Keep these local Family Owned businesses going.
Give these guys a call!

This company is family owned and well operated.
They will be there when you need it.
Today out shower broke and got stuck with water running.
His tech got here in time to fix the issue right away.
Thanks for the great service!

WOW really nice guys!
I had the pilot light go out on my water heater and was calling around to have someone check it out.
I watched the youtube videos but was still hesitant to try myself.
I went down the list and called Lawson Family Plumbing and the guy was nice enough to just walk me through it over the phone.
That says a lot about the integrity of this company, I will definitely be calling them for all my plumbing needs and suggest them to everyone!
Its hard to find people with this kind of integrity now days.
Thank you Lawson Family I'm very impressed!

First of all about 10 minutes after you talk to Jeff ya gonna wanaa give'em a hug.
He's like a big'O teddy bear and a sweetie-pie ta boot!
Even his crew that worked on my bathroom were just a bunch of sweethearts.
Just really nice people with good, positive energy.
Like they're happy or something.
We had a slab leak and needed the shower replaced.
We asked Jeff if he could do both, and he said "Yep!
Sure can.
"   I don't know anything about plumbing or showers or anything building archtectuallaleee!
All I wanted was the leak stopped and that disgusting shower replaced.
So when we talked to Jeff about it, he (interior designer that he is) made suggestions on putting in a shower that was sexy.
I listened and looked up pics on the internet and, "DING", who knew a shower (MY SHOWER) could have such appeal  Long story short - we now have a cool and sexy shower that looks like it belongs in a spa (I'm now chargin for showers in my bathroom) and no more slab leak.
Jeff and crew were a pleasure boat filled with expertise and professionalism.

Jerry and his crew are just as honest, friendly and professional as they can get.
In rehabbing a rental for my overseas brother, I was very paranoid having had some nasty experiences with previous plumbing companies on other jobs.
Jerry installed a new hot water heater and upgraded the pipes running to it in the condo attic (dumb builder had left no-where else to put it).
I bought a water alarm as a safe guard!
They also installed all the new fixtures I had bought, and upgraded all the turn on/off gadgets and tubing, so that I could feel secure that the place was relatively leak proof.
It was not an easy job and the crew was there for the better part of a day and a half.
The job was finished professionally and they came in at the quoted price.
I could not have been happier and will be calling them again next time I need a plumber.
Thank you Lawson Family Plumbing!

My plumbing repairs weren't an emergency but they still attended to them with urgency.
After checking out the issue, Mike presented me with the cost of the repair, with me purchasing the parts or with me purchasing the parts from them.
I thought that was nice of them to do rather than insisting (and lying) that they're the only ones with the parts.
After I approved the work, all repair was done promptly.
He also took a few moments to give me some tips on maintaining and prolonging the new parts.
Again, I feel above and beyond.
I definitely highly recommend this company to everyone!

From the moment I called the number for Lawson Family Plumbing, it was obvious why they were rated so well!
The dispatch agent was so pleasant to speak with and was very customer service oriented!
Then we met our plumber Mike!
He was so amazingly helpful!
He answered all of our questions, and you could tell that he did not mind taking his time with us!
I will never call another pluming company!

When I called a plumber because my sidewalk decided to become a fountain, the advice rained down from the peanut gallery of my life.
"Don't call a plumber, they will overcharge.
"  "Don't call a plumber, they can't do repairs.
"  "Don't call a plumber, blah blah blah.
"  I called anyway because, well, they have all 5-star reviews on Yelp and I trust my Yelpers.
Mike came out and he was AWESOME!
They are fast, honest, and he was easy to work with.
He did *so* much more work than everyone told me plumbers do - and it was a fair price - AND he told me how to save money - ANNNNNND he DID do a repair.
Know what that means?
When I replace my whole line and install a water softener I am going to call Lawson/Mike back and have them do it.
Treat me right right now, I will treat you right when I am ready to spend the bucks!
... Dispatch was amazing.
She called me back twice to make sure I had the info I needed.
Mike was amazing.
The whole company is amazing.
Call them - you won't regret it.
And don't listen to the peanut gallery of your life.

The reviews don't lie.
They are awesome!
Lonnie was great.
He  replaced the garbage disposal and it was a very fair price.

Totally impressed.
I called the office for a non emergency toilet fix (the tank was broken--completely in pieces.
)  The office lady was pleasant and very nice!
I called at about 1320, and the service tech was there by 1400!
The day after Christmas!
Wow!
He replaced the toilet perfectly and it was a very fair price.
I know this because of course I had researched toilet tanks on google the night before.
My toilet wasn't even being made anymore.
So the tech recommended a new toilet, and I agreed.
I just wanted a basic model, and he did not try to upsell.
Very satisfied, and will call them the next time I need a good plumber!

I called Lawson Family plumbing at 8:30 am on a Friday as we had discovered a small water leak as we were preparing to install new flooring on Saturday.
Mike Mullet was at our home by 9:45 am and I could not be more pleased with the service, professionalism and workmanship he provided.
Mike worked us into his schedule for same day service, returning at 7:00 pm to fix a leak which entailed jack hammering the concrete slab in my living room to replace a section of pipe.
He was here until 11:15 pm and the job is 100% complete.
I would recommend Lawson Family Plumbing based on the quality of service and workmanship alone, but the fact that the total cost was less than $500 is just another plus.

Highest 5 star rating.
My youngest boy flushed toys down the toilet.
I tried a few things without luck.
Guests were coming in town and I am worried I might have to turn off water and remove toilet.
My wife called 9 am Sat and Lawson had a single slot.
The plumber called right back with an estimated time.
He called back 30 minutes later to give an update.
He kept us informed.
He showed up and went to work on the least expensive fix.
It worked.
He explained all options.
The price for this emergency was a bargain.
Thank you Lawson,  you are the BEST.

I recently had them assigned to my house by my home warranty.
They are a customer oriented business that is interested in your satisfaction.

Matt came out to install plumbing in my garage for a utility sink.
I was very pleased on the work that he did.
Very good job.
He was on time and was nice and professional.
I would definitely recommend this company.
Price was fair as well.

I thought the speedy service on a sunday afternoon was great.
They assessed the problem quickly and took them about 45 mins to do the work.
The technician,Matt I believe, was friendly and even gave me the option to find the part myself and fix since it wasnt something difficult to do.
I have been known to make matters worse so I went ahead and let him get the part and resolve.
told me it would be about a week, but he was out in 2 days and fixed the issue no problem.
Cost seemed a bit high, but of course I never price checked since it was an emergency and was pleased with the service they provided.
Plus it was a cool looking van that they had!
Will use them again in the future if needed, which hopefully is NEVER!

Great family business, came out on a Saturday to fix a leaking kitchen sink and replace bad garage disposal.
Just terrific job as they had to come back the same day to make an adjustment.
Everyone else I called wanted time and half because it was a weekend, not Lawson.
BTW when I called at 4 am to leave a message as I had turned off the water someone answered and booked the appt for me that morning, just amazing service these days as the other Mesa family plumbing who quoted me time and half said they could get me in on Wednesday.
Please call Lawson, they will treat you right!

Thank you thank you thank you Lawson family for your quick response to my slab leak!
I had an unsatisfactory experience with another company that my home warranty company sent out..and got on Yelp to find a new company.
I was delighted to hear that my warranty company also worked with The Lawson family!
They diagnosed my slab leak and had it repaired within 24 hours!
That was much appreciated because my house was sitting on a lake of water and in an effort to reduce water flow I had turned off the water into the house for 2 days.
The Lawson team made me feel like one of the family, handling my problem quickly, professionally and efficiently.
I hope I never need them again but if I need ANY help with plumbing..it will be Lawson's!

