Since I'm the one that put them on the Yelp map, I want to be the one writing a review!
First of all, I'd like to say that if you want to venture over to this food truck, you have to come with a very "culturally" open mind.
This is not your regular sushi, and this is not your regular carne asada stand, but it can be both!
I like sushi, and I will never say that if you love sushi, to come here, because you might be very dissapointed, BUT, if you are the kind of people who likes to try new things, and are willing to give them a try, I think you might find it amusing.
The style of sushi they serve it's called "Sinaloa" style, and it comes from the mexican state of Sinaloa, which is located south of Sonora, by the Sea of Cortez.
So they still know their carne asada, and they also know their seafood.
Here, what they do is serve sushi rolls filled with either carne asada, pollo asado, cooked shrimp, cucumbers, cream cheese, and different types of chiles (jalapeños, serranos, güeritos), and they serve them "Natural or Fried", natural they referred to "non-fried" and frito here doesn't equal "Tempura style".
It is just fried to perfection, and served with a side of soy sauce, a mayo-chipotle mix, and a sweet teriyaki-like sauce.
We ordered the "Charola" or platter, which was 3 different rolls of your choice, plus "Tampico" (imitation crab salad), fried chiles güeritos, and the sauces for $30 dlls.
Prices are kind of high for a single roll, but these single rolls are not your typical sushi rolls which are more delicate, these are massive, they are big, they will fill you up!
We usually order 3 rolls + and appetizer on our regular sushi place and are left satisfied, here, we ordered the 3 rolls, we ended up more than satisfied, and took almost a whole roll home.
So give them a try, if you don't like them, that's ok, there are a lot of sushi places to choose from, some better than others, and I cannot say which ones are more authentic than others, since I've never been to Japan myself,  but I know most sushi places have their Japanese sushi masters...
I've been to places where the cooks are Korean, and I've been to other places like Kabuki, where I've seen even a Mexican sushi master, soooo, can't judge!

Tried it yesterday and I thought it to be super good and cheap!
One roll is more than enough to fill you up as they are not your normal sized rolls.
They are rolls on steroids!
I tried "El Cronchi Especial" with shrimp instead of beef.
After I ordered I wished I would have asked for beef instead to get a better feel for a Sinaloa sushi roll.
It was good, but I was hoping to taste something with a little kick to it seeing as how these are Mexican versions of Japanese rolls.
I love close by so I'll def be stopping by this food truck again to try other rolls.
FYI, wait is a little longer than you'd like so make sure you don't go when you're too hungry.
I waited about 15 min for my 1 roll.

I love this place it tastes just like the fusion sushi they sell back home ( Sonora).
Its super cheap ( $9-10 average) and they use quality ingredients.
If you are bored with the traditional japanese sushi try this!!
I looove it!
They have a chipotle dressing that is bomb!
Also the crab salad or Tampico is great on the side.
They have mexican sodas also for sale.
The employees are really nice as well and they let you know when your order is ready.

They are amazing it's so fresh and the crab meat salad is so good!
I can just eat it all alone!

