BEST GYM IN ALL OF PHOENIX.
Great staff, great new state of the art equipment.
Great tanning beds, great hydromassage beds, great Red Light Therapy booths.
All for $20 a month?
AND OPEN 24 HOURS?!?!
Perfect.
LA Fitness and 24 Hour fitness don't even come close.
And they charge more!

An ok place to workout.
Some of the staff are pretty quick on their tongues and at times can be very ignorant.
The place is always clean and for the most part, there are machines to workout with.
But there is always that machine that's out of service and others that don't have the right screw or clamp (incomplete machines)... 3 stars on my scale...

This place is great.
First of all, I have been a member of 3 different gyms in the area, all were okay, but were lacking in one way or another.
One place was nice, but cost 60/mo per person, another place was cheap but you had to wait in line to do anything (including use a treadmill.
Planet Fitness is where I recommend everyone going now.
It is open 24/7, all new equipment, very clean, and very helpful staff.
If you bump your membership to their "black card membership" you also receive access to massage beds, tanning beds, and Massage chairs (definitely worth the extra money)  If you are on the fence on this one, go for it.
You will be happy with Planet Fitness.

Great value !
This gym is great new clean equipment and it's open 24 hours a day !!
What else could you want the staff is friendly and are always smiling.
The message beds are great nice after a workout.

Clean gym, thats all it got going for it。 Everything else sucks.
Weights only go up to 60lbs, no Squat rack,no bench, no deadlifts allowed.
Smith machine doesn't count!

Consider it for what it is and you won't be disappointed.
Staff was really friendly.
Gym was in good shape, clean and newer equipment.
If you're looking to lose weight this place is perfect.
However, if you're looking to build mass you may be limited.
My only complaint would be younger guys hogging  gym equipment.
I literally waited almost 15 minutes for a smith machine....A smith machine.
Felt like I lost all my pump by the time I actually got to use one and that was from 2 larger guys next to the kid that I waited so long for.
Overall not a bad place to break a sweat.

Service has improved since the last time I was here...it's clean, spacious and most of the time machines are available.

