Since opening a week or so ago I have been curious about their 2-burger grilled patty.
So I stopped by and gave it a shot.
Their thin patty fresh beef Classic Burger is actually not bad with their secret sauce, lettuce and tomato.
They serve thin but tasty fries, shakes, as well as BLTs, Grilled Cheese sandwiches, salads and such.
Give them a try!!
By the way, they are located next to Cold Stone Creamery and the theater.

I had no idea this was a Johnny Rockets.
I was over looking the receipt and saw the name on the bottom, I was surprised.
Besides that, the restaurant was very clean & looked good.
The burgers definitely had a good taste of them, but the fries were a bit salty.
The drink station was pretty cool, there were about eight different flavors to enhance your drinks.
Overall, next time I want a burger and I'm in the area I will probably stop here versus anywhere else.
Great job JR aka Johnny rocket

They goofed up my order and had to remake it.
By the time I got my food most of my friends were close to done eating...
They made up for it by giving me a free next meal.
I guess we'll see if I use it.

Had lunch here today and there wasn't much that stood out.
It's right next to the Chandler Mall Harkins, so we decided to stop by.
The burger I ordered was good enough (the classic) but the fries were sub-par and were limp, un-salted, and flavorless.
My sister's swiss-mushroom burger was super greasy (the bun was soaked and dripping wiith grease)... looked gross.
Their chocolate milkshake we all shared, we agreed, was tasty and thick...
It was OK for me.. nothing that was special or unique eating here for me.

+++ This business has closed +++  Johnny Rockets is replacing JR Burger Grill at this location (Aug 23, 2013)

I stopped by here because I had fond memories from back when I was a youngin (like, 12 years ago).
I don't know if it's all Johnny Rockets, or just this one, but things had changed.
This is no longer a sit-down type restaurant.
You order at the counter, get a number, and they bring you your food.
That's fine, but not as nice.
They used to have little jukeboxes on each table, and you could feed nickels into them to play songs, but this location does not have those, which again, is a bummer.
Finally, the food is good, but nothing special: cooked properly, but more fast-foodish than I recall.
Overall I was disappointed, but only because I had set greater expectations than seemed to have been accurate.
The staff were friendly and helpful, the place was clean, and the food was good.
It just wasn't special.

Johnny Rockets at the Chandler Fashion Center.....
DIRTY, the eating area and bathrooms dirty.
Two employees behind the counter and manager sitting at his desk with his back toward his customers, it was not busy we arrived at 5 pm on a Sunday.
There was one table with three people having drinks.
We ordered our food at the counter- different.
I used the facilities before our dinner came.
No paper towels in paper towel holder the floor was dirty bits of paper scattered throughout the bathroom floor, looks like the bathroom area  had not been cleaned in quite a while.
The lobby was just a dirty as the bathroom.
One emplyee did come out to empty out the trash can in the lobby however was called back to the counter for what ever reason the trash can sat in the lobby filled with trash for 10 minutes, one emplyee did walk thru the lobby noticed the trash and walked right by it not once but twice!
Finally the original person who started taking out the trash came back to finish the job.
Not once did the manager walk thru the lobby  to see if it was tidy.
Two thumbs down will not be retuning back to this Johnny Rockets.
Aside from being dirty the burgers where good the onion rings not good a disappointment.
Also did not like how they brought out our french fries and onion rings first then later brought out our burgers.

The food is the same, but the retro experience I love is lost at this location.
It's not sit and serve; it's pay, sit, serve.
It's closer to a Smash Burger experience than a true JRockets :(

