Carl is an excellent bike mechanic.
Arrived on time, worked quickly and did an excellent job.
Fair price too!

A great new bike shop where service and repairs are provided with passion and pride.
Carl is an extremely knowledgeable and affable professional bike mechanic who is dedicated to the bikes he doctors.
He is detail-oriented and is willing to go "the extra mile" to ensure his customers' satisfaction.
Hubby is an avid (read: obsessed) cyclist and races regularly in and out of the city.
Because of this, he needs well-maintained wheels.
He brought his mountain bike to Carl for a badly-needed tuneup and it came back shined, polished, and squeaky clean, with pertinent parts fixed up and dirt and gunk removed.
There were a number of foreign sounds emanating from the bike with each pedal stroke pre-Carl that were super distracting and downright annoying; after Carl was finished with the bike, there were (and are) no more weird noises.
Irwin Cycles offers both in-shop and mobile service, so if you can't come by the bricks-and-mortar location, they will come to you.
Irwin Cycles offers a small-but-growing selection of bikes, bike clothing and accessories.
(At the moment, they carry mountain and road bikes from the Rocky Mountain, DeVinci, and Juliana brands.
)  Come on by and support your local bike shop.

Irwin Cycles, hands down one of the best shops in town.
Friendly and knowledgable staff help you make informed decisions about your cycling needs.
Carl the owner is without a doubt the best mechanic in town.
You always get top notch service from these guys and know they will put as much care into your bike as they would their own.
Highly recommend checking them out!

Service is clearly a priority here.
Carl and Lifan are incredibly knowledgeable and pleasurable to work with.
I dropped off my wheels to be trued and the work was performed as promised and in a timely manner.
Their rates are competitive and very fair.
Irwin Cycles has definitely earned a return customer.

