I love Green Ninja Pest Control.
They are so knowledgeable and helpful and they were able to get rid of the ants that were attacking my house and my parent's.
First, lets talk about my problem.
the ants were coming in the house through multiple areas and hanging out in my son's room.
Allan took the time to find out all the different avenues they were coming in and found out what type of food they like to eat.
Once he found that out he laid out the appropriate pesticide and took care of them.
We also had other pest come visiting and Green Ninja came, made recommendations, provided treatment.
It was great.
Also, at my parents we had a termite problem and then an ant problem.
The first company broke two parts on our sprinkler system and took the insulation off the air conditioning tubing.
The ant treatment didn't even work.
The ants were back in 1 week.
Allan came out treated the ants, retreated the termites and sold me a new termite warranty.
I just love the personalized care that he and Sharon have given our family.
They have stepped up where others let us down.

True professionals.
They arrived on time, were very courteous, friendly, and professional.
They explained their services, what they were going to do, and made some idle, friendly chit chat.
The quality of their work is wonderful.
The only reason I knew they were here was because my garage and yard are actually CLEANER than when they got here.
True pros.
They even came back to replace a sprinkler spigot that was damaged.
I doubt it was even their fault, but they fixed it anyway!

WOW!!!
Green Ninja you are amazing.
We developed a cockroach (eew) issue over the past year and felt that we lost control of our house because of the nasty critters taking over.
After one visit from Green Ninja, the number of roaches decreased RAPIDLY and every bug we saw was already dead.
This was a huge improvement for us and our bug situation.
The first time I called Green Ninja I had the most informative phone call with Sharon Weber and the reassurance that I would soon have my home back.
I was told that 2 visits would be necessary to be sure that the pests were not only gone but gone for good.
After the second visit, we have NO ROACHES!!!!!!
NONE!!!
We are so happy with the service provided by Green Ninja, they sprayed outside, in the alley, wiped our home free of cobwebs, sprayed our vents, under the counters, everywhere!
They even played with our pups while we chatted about the different bug killing remedies that were used.
Green Ninja made a point to us that they do not put customers on contracts, they simply do it right the first time and GET RID of all the pests.
This was so good to hear, because our last pest company just sprayed to kill them after the bugs were inside, with no attempts to eliminate the pest altogether.
Green Ninja is not like that at all!!!
They freed us of ALL bugs, I cannot tell you how good it feels to walk around my house barefoot and not worry about stepping on bugs.
Thank you, Green Ninja, thank you, for giving us our home back.
We are recommending you to everyone we know!

I met Allan and Sharon, the owners of Green Ninja, several weeks back and I am very glad that I did.
We were just winding down from a year long contract with another pest control company that gave us limited results.
The summer had been tough as we had been bit several times in the night, but we didn't know by what.
We sprayed several times hoping that would resolve the issue, but we had no luck.
Allan came over and looked at our home to determine if there was any issue with bed bugs.
He spent more than an hour taking apart the bed to see if he could find any of the little critters.
After coming up empty he looked around the whole house and found a couple of spider webs and other remnants of  pests.
He scheduled a time to come out and treat our home within 48 hours.
We were pleased to see Allan come back with the Green Ninja truck on a Saturday to take care of our home.
He took the time to make sure that any crack or crevice was treated and that we understood what our prior issues could have been.
It is clear that Allan and Sharon care about their business and their clients.
If you want someone that will genuinely care about you and your family, call Green Ninja.

A big thank you to Sharon & Allan.
Allan came out to our home in Maricopa and spent over an hour with us explaining and treating our home inside and out.
Allan is very knowledgeable about the pests that inhabit our area and gave us several great suggestions on how to keep them in check between visits by Green Ninja.
What welcome difference from the previous company I was dealing with.
If you have bugs Allan and Green Ninja will kill 'em.

Allan Liko owner of Green Ninja Pest Control LLC is one of the most honest and trustworthy business owners I have had the privilege of knowing and working with.
He not only takes care of all of my pest control needs in my real estate business but takes great of my whole families needs.
Thanks Allan for all your excellent service and friendship, Gary Whitley Gary Whitley Homes Built by Referral Realty Group

Allan and the crew at Green Ninja are extremely knowledgeable in their business and go the extra mile to ensure their clients are satisfied.
I would recommend them to anyone!

Charlie came yesterday for the first time.
He was amazing.
I learned things about scorpions and ants that I didn't know I needed to know.
Very conscientious and customer orientated, explained everything he did and why.
Grateful to our landlord who chose this company.
And we have dogs and this is safe for pets after it dries.
We will always use this service wherever we are in the valley.
Thanks Charlie, you and your brother have an amazing business.

Charlie and Green Ninja are great.
After one visit I went from contemplating arson to get rid of black widows and scorpions to having zero visible pests.
Staff is knowledgeable and willing to explain their products and procedure.
They also show all possible consideration for pets (reptiles/dog) while doing great work.

My fiance was selling her rental property, and a few days before closing, we were informed that the the property didn't pass the termite inspection.
We called Allan at Green Ninja on a Saturday and explained our situation and the time sensitive nature of the deal.
He went to the house the very next day, on a Sunday, and treated the property for termites and gave the official termite inspection to the realtor (I guess you have to be licensed for that type of thing for the inspections to be approved by FHA).
Anyway, whatever he did satisfied the loan requirements for the folks buying the house, and the deal got done on time.
So thank you Green Ninja for helping to save the sale of the house, working with a difficult realtor, and working on a Sunday, in the rain, on short notice.

