My wife needed a back-fill a few days ago, we were in the area, so we stopped by Blooming Nails & Spa to see if they could get her in.. We were greeted promptly with a smile and were told that my wife could be seen in less then 5 minutes.
I went to my meeting, leaving my wife to get her Manicure..
When I returned an hour later, Jason was just finishing up with what turned out to be the BEST french manicure my wife has ever received.. As her nails were drying I went to the counter to pay, I was pleasantly surprised that the Manicure price was $10.00 less then we usually pay..  Great Service, Fantastic Manicure and Excellent Price, Blooming Nails & Spa has a repeat client all the way from Chandler..

I love Blooming.
Everytime I end up at a different place for a pedicure I wish I would have come here.
Lesson learned.
I always get the deluxe pedicure for $33.
It comes with a sugar scrub, callus remover, hot stone and hot towel.
They give the best massages and they seem longer than most places too!
They always polish flawlessly.
They have a big selection of regular polish and also gel.
Today I got a deluxe pedicure and a fill with gel polish.
The girl that did them did amazing.
(Picture shown)  No more guessing and trying new places - I will be a regular here from now on!

I absolutely love this nail salon.
I previously went to Ken's nails and spa, but the new owners and employees are great.
I especially love Sion and Tammy.
Every time I go, I am treated so friendly and always have a great experience.
I love the deluxe pedicure and I usually go back and forth with gel manicures and pink and white full sets.
They are very reasonably priced.
I will never go anywhere else!!!
I also got married in February and I arranged a morning for all my bridesmaids and my mom and I, with the owner Jason.
He was great and had enough staff to get every pedicure chair open and then switch over to our hands.
I felt so special!
Thank you!

I love Tammy!!
She's the best one out of all of them she listens to you and does exactly what you want and is so sweet!

