It is my honor to write the first review for this place.
This store is so clean and so amazingly curated, like a museum full of functional stuff that you are encouraged to try.
I went there for the first time today when I was bumming around the Melrose in search of some very specific things from a very specific era (1950s-1960s) for an interior design project I am working on for a historic home and music studio on the National Register of Historic Places.
Enter Lewis Interiors.
Some pieces of "vintage" furniture from the appropriate era in front of the store grabbed my attention, so I went inside just as another customer saying, "I need a big credenza.
Like seven or eight feet long" was exiting.
Promising.
The co-owner of the store was so full of wonderful information about the furniture in the store and was intimately aware of his selection's history and construction.
I thought I would be in the store for a few minutes and leave feeling ugly and poor because nothing was in my budget--I was pleasantly surprised at staying for over in an hour in the shop, seeing the inner workings of their workshop and finding the exact types of mid century pieces for which I have searched endlessly.
You will want to go here if you're down for Danish design, Eames, Heywood Wakefield, Baughman, Miller, McCobb, Probber, Drexel, Risom, Knoll, teak, vintage hi-fi, atomic era, custom reupholstered mid century modern finds, unique lighting, retro décor, lovely people, excellent craftsmanship, museum-quality iconic style, original upholstery statement pieces and a laid-back, unpretentious vibe.
The store is run by two brothers that also do custom reupholstery work and sculpture stuff.
Their mother is a painter; their grandparents lived in Palm Springs.
Their style is clearly informed by these influences.
Their passion is evident in everything in the shop!
The Audiophile room full of functional, silvery stereo audio artifacts and the pile of fabric swatches we swam through make me excited and hopeful about getting some historically accurate, gorgeous furniture and decor into a historic place so many people can enjoy it.
I am going back to get that swag lamp and globe; I can't wait for the finished furniture to be in place.
Go.
Now.

This place is stunning.
So many things to see and chairs not to sit in.
Parts of it seemed more like a museum than a store you could actually buy things from.
That sounds like it isn't a good thing, but it speaks to the quality of the products they have.
From the flawless egg chairs to classic LPs in frames to the lamps to the hand held Merlin game which brought me right back to my childhood to the works in progress -- everything was perfect.
I could have spent an hour in there coveting the things I couldn't afford and lamenting the fact that I only brought a carry on with me on my trip.
Next time, I'll need to bring a crate to ship things back in.
If you are in the area you owe it to yourself to stop in and take a look.
Oh, and while you are there don't forget to stop into Retro Ranch right down the road for some more vintage goodness.

If you have an interest in high-quality midcentury modern design you should make this one of your first stops in Phoenix.
I knew we had hit a winner when we walked in the front door and saw a Warren Platner arm chair snuggled in with Bertoia chairs and other iconic designer pieces.
The owners can even meticulously restore your own modern furniture with original Knoll fabric.
Plus, there's a music room with an egg chair and excellent vinyl selections to listen to while you shop.
It's a family-owned business and the owners are knowledgeable and friendly.

