Just like my tip for the casino, "Where is the actual business listing for this restaurant?
" I read most of the reviews and they all say Longhorn Cafe or Longhorn Restaurant.
When I checked the place out, there is a big sign right above the place that says "Chuck Wagon".
So why no one has done a listing is beyond me.
The casino itself is a separate entity but when you go over the reviews, about 80 percent of it pertains to the restaurant.
So here's the first offficial review for this listing.
Like everybody else, I was drawn by the billboards off of Boulder Highway about their food specials.
One example is the Barbeque Combo Plate for 9.99 which consists of 1/4 Babyback Ribs, Beef Brisket, and 1/4 rotisseried Chicken accompanied by Baked Beans and a mini Corn on the Cob.
Another is Steak and Petite Lobster for 9.99 as well.
They also have your basic steak and potatoes for 5.99 which is not a bad deal.
I got the Barbeque Combo because the picture from the billboard looked rather enticing.
The Babyback Ribs were surprisingly tender and flavorful.
The Beef Brisket was ok and the Chicken was a bit dry.
All items were topped off with a drizzle of tangy barbeque sauce which I thought was pretty tasty.
The corn was your basic corn and the baked beans tasted like it was from a can.
The restaurant itself is a little bit cozy meaning they got a decent amount of tables and booths kind of crammed together.
So dont be surprised if you have to wait a bit especially for dinner.
I went on a monday at 11:45 am and only waited for about 2 minutes.
As for the service, nothin major to complain about or take my hats off to.
You do get what you pay for in terms of service.
I recommend you not be in any hurry if you plan on eating here.
Overall, the staff is friendly from my first impression.
Some random info: These guys are open 24 hours and you dont need a player card to get the food deals.
The bathroom is in the casino to your right when you exit the restaurant.
Occasionally you will get a whiff of the second hand smoke coming from the casino, especially if you have a bunch of smokers out there on the slots and tables.
In conclusion, I will definitely come back to try their other specials and most definitely will come here if I have friends or family that just want decent food at good prices.

Great hole-in-the-wall country steakhouse.
i don't cook and this place is like 3 minutes from my house, so when my wife was pregnant on on bed rest, I went and grabbed take out from here 3 or 4 nights a week for about 6 months.
They have amazing burgers, steaks, prime rib, pork chops, appetizers, and some of the best chicken fingers I've ever eaten.
Their Chicken fried steak is pretty scrumptious too.
Also, they have an actual charbroil grill in the back, so the steaks and chops taste just like they came off the BBQ grill in my backyard.
I've tried their desserts a few times, and they are okay, but nothing to write home about.
Pretty basic cafe cakes and pies plated in a spinning display case.
Other than their insane 1 pound monster burger, their portions are not huge, but adequate.
Their prices are mostly "Old Vegas" low (Like $1.99 breakfasts and $5.99 steak dinners)  They do have a flat $2 service charge for to-go orders.
They claim it is to cover the cost of the extra styrafoam packaging materials and plastic utensils.
The place is clean, but it is in a very old casino, so it has the stale smoke smell kind of permeating everything.
If smoke bothers you, this is probably not a great place for you.
Service is all dependent on who you get.
Some are quick and personable, and some are not so great.
Leon on the graveyard shift is by far my favorite server and he is AMAZING.
All in all, the Chuckwagon Restaurant at the Longhorn Casino is a great place to get simple country style comfort food at a great price.
For the money, it's one of the better values in town.

came here to try the steak and lobster for $9.99.
no bad.
when i got the small casino.
i notice that it was not smoky a lot.
that's  a plus for me because i was pinching my noise as i went in ha.
the rest was straight ahead.
we waited a few minutes before the host came and seated us.
our waiter was really nice.
as we already new what we wanted we gave our orders and a few minutes later our bread came with butter more like a roll.
then the entree.
i had medium cook for my steak.
it was good but reminds me of a more late night special kinda steak with the fats and chewy parts.
but the lobster was delish!
plus it came with choice of potato.
i chose mash potato.
all in all the rest was clean.
we went late about midnight though the deal is all day.
ill def be back and try other specials!

Yummy food!
Decent service.
Great prices!
The only downside is the environment, something about the decor put me off a bit, but that wouldn't stop me from eating there again!

We went in because of the cheap Prime Rib.
We left liking the place because of the cheaply priced prime rib and the dive casino attached.

The Chuck Wagon is the only reason anyone should step foot into Longhorn Casino.
The Chuck Wagon takes up a good portion of the Casino as it should.
The food is decent and the price is even better.
My go to meals here have always been breakfast items.
The Stampede is my usual... eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast.
But, the real reason we come here is for the S.O.S... My father, a retired Marine, thinks it to be really good.
If he doesn't know what good S.O.S.
is, who would?
The service has always been above par.
I take away a star because you have to walk through a smoked filled casino.
And, there is always a wait.

We had seen the sign, $5.99 Steak Dinner, but hadn't gone in -- the place looks so divey, how good could it be?
Then we checked the other Yelp reviews -- nearly everyone gave this place 4 stars -- and rightly so.
We visited the Longhorn Casino at 10 PM on a weekday, a time when you'd go hungry at the much larger Sam's Town casino across the street.
It wasn't the ambience -- Wal-Mart has greeters, this place had a hooker almost blocking the front door, begging for $2 because her "boyfriend just left her.
" And the people behind us somehow managed to have security read them the Trespass Act, photograph them, and boot them off the premises!
The food totally makes up for the ambiance (or utter lack thereof).
A lengthy menu features ribs, trout, prime rib, 1-pound burgers, you name it.
We had the ribs-chicken-brisket special (not on the menu, on a sign above the cashier); and also the Cajun prime rib.
A calendar lists daily specials as well.
Finish the 1-pound burger and win an unspecified prize.
Creamed chipped beef ("SOS") is offered 12M-noon for $4.
Steak and lobster, prime rib and shrimp, whatever combination suits your fancy, they have it.
The baby back ribs, brisket, and prime rib were tender and succulent; "Tell them they have great iced tea," says the wife.
The bill came to $33 of which $8 was for iced tea and side orders of cole slaw and tomatoes.
The dinner rolls were homemade.
Among other things we liked, there's no Bataan death-march through a huge casino to get to the restaurant, the total distance was about 50 feet from car to table; and you don't have to sign up for a casino player's card to get their best deals.
Speaking of great deals, they have $2 live blackjack and their rules are more liberal than at Sam's Town (among other things they allow resplitting aces and doubling down after splits).

First time here, I heard the food was pretty good from close friends of mine and the $6.00 steak got my attention .
So I thought let's see what the big deal is about this place .
First I checked reviews on yelp to see what other have said a lot of  good and a few bad.
My time here was good I ended up having the steak with mashed potatoes and gravy with mixed vegetables .
And I'll have to say it was pretty good .
I'll be making a return visit to see what else is good on the menu.

We went to Snaps for a war wonton fix (my favorite), but in some evil twist of corporate bad decision making, they now close at 10.
So, with tears in our eyes and grumbling in our tummies, we drove across the street and were lured in by the promise of a cheap steak dinner.
Now, we've been here before, many moons ago, and I remember it being...not bad...
When we first landed in Vegas, with pets and U-haul et al, we actually stayed at the Super 8 that was attached for a week until we found a more permanent home.
I'm pretty sure we ate here a couple of times, but it must not have left too great an impression.
Or, we could have just been shell shocked from the drive down from Seattle.
Either way, here we were, ready to eat pretty much anything.
Yeah, the place is a divey locals joint, that's part of its charm.
The beautiful man who seated us asked what we wanted to drink.
I ordered a glass of merlot and my husband drew a blank.
The beautiful man said, "You want a shot of Quervo," to which my husband replied, "Yes, yes I do!
" We'd had a long day, see...
Anyway, Husband ordered the BBQ platter, and I ordered the steak & lobster special.
Nine freakin' 99 for steak and lobster.
Oh, yeah.
I wasn't expecting too much, but, still - lobster!
I've been to enough dive joints to know to order my steak at least one degree rarer than what I actually want.
Which, unfortunately, is rare to begin with.
So, since I can't order raw, I order rare and hope for the best.
The drinks came before we even ordered dinner, yay!
Oh, and even better - they were around $2 EACH!
Dinner came stupid fast - before I even had time to forget what I ordered.
And, you know what?
It was pretty good.
The steak actually was rare!
Sure, it was fatty and not the best cut, but, dude - $9.99!
The lobster tail was surprisingly substantial.
It was also tender and tasty, with lots of drawn butter and lemon.
And, dude, $9.99!
The belle of the ball was the loaded baked potato.
Cheese, bacon, and a plate full of sour cream & butter with chives.
Oh, mama.
My husband's food must have been satisfactory, as well.
All I heard was "narm narm narm om nom nom nom" I managed to yell, "Save the bones for the dog!
" without losing a finger.
OK, so not Mon Ami Gabi, but damn good for the price.

I am giving this place only 2 stars because they charge $2 per item if you get take out.
That's a rip off.
I got 2 entrees (so $4 surcharge so far for that) & wanted to get desserts too but did not because of the $2 surcharge per dessert.
That's crazy!
The food was decent.
The place is a dive.
Reeks of cigarettes.
I won't be going back.

Had my first meal here Tues. 3-11-14 .
Ordered the burger w/ baked potato.
My better half ordered the steak n lobster special.
Burger had a good taste and pattie was a good size.
Steak was cooked to order and lobster was a decent size for the price.
Restaurant was busy but server or bus person can at least clear the dishes sooner.
Left dishes on other tables as well.
Prices are good.
Will return.

My in-laws love this place so we come here all the time.
They have cheap specials.
The most popular among my family is the monster burger.
It's a one pound burger and it's huge!
If you finish, they give you a silly certificate.
Most people don't finish, but my dad has 2 certificates already.
Ha!
Last time I came, I had the French toast deluxe.
It cost $5.99 and comes with 2 whole sliced bread, eggs, bacon, and sausage.
I thought it was a good deal and was delicious.
Must give it at least one try if you are in the neighborhood.

The Longhorn casino is a little scary when we first walked in.
At the very back of the casino is the Chuckwagon Cafe.
It is pretty small, but a nice quiet atmosphere.
They have a daily special, but we ordered off the menu.
I asked the waiter what was good and he suggested the prime rib.
So I ordered it med with a side of mashed potatoes.
The prime rib was good and cooked right, but nothing that would make me come back any time soon.
We also had the chicken tenders which were very crispy and decent, and the lobster and steak special, which was also decent.
Now the dessert was pretty good.
We ordered a chocolate pudding and a coconut pudding.
They were mini desserts and only $1.50 each.
My family said both were yummy.
I guess the food was good for the price, but again, I am not coming back any time soon.

If impressions/opinions of eateries were formed solely on the food, I would've given this joint 5-stars.
Aside from it's location and the seemingly unhappy and borederline "could-give-a-shit-about-this-job" waiter we had, I was pleasantly surprised with how good the food was for the price I paid.
I absolutely LOVE Ribeye Steak and have had them at many price points at many different restaurants across the valley.
The steak here was tasty, tender, and juicy and so was the Prime Rib.
I am definitely going back and anxious to try their other menu items.
Although only my first time here, I'd say this joint is a go-to for cheap/good eats.

