Finally!!!
A restaurant in East Mesa/Gilbert that serves Pho!
I have been searching and searching for Pho on the east side of Mesa for years, but it seems like all of the Vietnamese restaurants are centered around the Dobson/Alma School area which is not exactly convenient for people like me that live further east.
I stumbled onto Simi's Cafe on my way home from work yesterday when I noticed a "Now Open" sign and decided to give it a try.
I must say it was not disappointed!
For starters, I had the Goi Cuon Spring Rolls and Tom Yum Soup which were delicious (the Tom Yum Soup reminded me of how my mother used to make it).
For the main course, I ordered the Pho Tai which came in a large bowl.
It was surprisingly flavorful and aromatic (not like many of the bland Pho establishments in town...) and the noodles were just right--not too mushy or stuck together like a rice patty.
This restaurant is on the site of the previous Jasmine Cafe and the new owners have completely renovated the restaurant with a modern/fusion feel.
Aside from Pho, they also serve Thai and Chinese dishes.
I'll definitely be back again to try many of their other dishes.
If you're craving some Pho on the east side of town, I would definitely check this place out.
I recommend the Pho Tai and Goi Cuon.

Noticed that this restaurant had changed hands yet again.
It's close to where we live so we decided to stop by for lunch one day.
First, the interior was remodeled pretty nicely.
You can tell they had a budget but I thought it was well done, very modern interior.
Service was spectacular.
To be honest, the reason why I gave them four stars was for how nice the owners/ staff were.
You can tell that they were trying to make a good impression to new guests and it definitely worked.
We ordered off the "lunch special" menu.
A lot of food for five bucks.
We had chicken & vegetables and orange chicken with a chicken satay app.
The Satay was a little dry and the peanut sauce had curry in it, not what im sue to but it was ok.
The main dishes were not bad for Americanized Chinese food.
You can tell the orange glaze on the orange chicken was more of a homemade marmalade which was a nice surprise.
The crab ragoons and egg wrongs were not bad either.
I would definitely come back to try their more authentic choices such as their Pho.
I'm guessing the family is Vietnamese so i should try to stick those items on the menu.
Overall we will be back.
Best of luck to them.

Very nice restaurant - decor updated from previous restaurant in this location.
Service very friendly and helpful with the menu, which offers a lot of choices.
The food was very good - started with the Tom Tom soup, which was very tasty but too spicy for me.
They toned down the portion I took home and it was just right.
The green curry chicken was delicious and just the right amount of fire for me.
The restaurant is family owned, well run, good service and great food.
The staff works hard and it shows.
I highly recommend Simi's to everyone who enjoys Asian cuisine and friendly, local restaurants.

Great Authentic Food, Nice Decor for the price I don't think you can find better, I eat out quite a bit and I would say try the Pho and also the Mong, I would say that it is probably one of the best if not the best in town.
Overall: excellent food great service   Will be back

My wife and I drove past the place several times and did not notice the restaurant until they hanged the decorative flags outside the building.
We decided to give it a try last night and was pleasantly surprised by the food quality and service.
We ordered both the deep-fried and fresh spring rolls for appetizers and they were both delicious.
I used to think Little Saigon in Glendale has the best spring roll but this place might have topped them.
My wife and I both ordered pho and the broth had so much flavor.
I think the pho should have more meat in it and I think the owner is trying to balance the price and the portion of the serving size.
The pho is only $5.75.
The restaurant also has Thai and Chinese dishes on the menu.
We definitely will go back to try out the Thai curry dishes.
The service is very attentive and friendly.

Simi's Cafe is outstanding!
The owners are extremely friendly and accommodating, and the food is terrific.
I'm always on the lookout for a place that makes good pho and Simi's does not disappoint.
The red chicken curry is excellent as well.
Between the service, the food, extremely reasonable pricing, and clean decor, Simi's is definitely a winner.
I'll definitely be going there on a regular basis.

PHENOMENAL!!!
We went to Simi's since it was near our new home... SOOO surprised!!!
Can't wait to eat the leftovers then back to get more...  Great food, great service.

One of the best Asian places in Phoenix.
This is the first restaurant to make me want to leave a review.
The sauces for the pork and spring rolls are Perfect.
I had the orange chicken and I would say its the second best I've had in Phoenix.
My dad had the Kung Pao chicken and it was amazing as well.
The Service was excellent and the newly renovated restaurant is great looking.

*NOTE* - The map on yelp is incorrect.
This place is located on Baseline between Gilbert and Lindsay.
Google maps shows it correctly.
I'm not an Asian food expert, I've mostly tried just the chains (PF Changs, etc).
But wow...
This place blows any other Asian place I've tried out of the water!!!
Seriously... We had the pork and veggie spring rolls, and I had no idea spring rolls could be this good.
I was tempted to keep ordering them.
Then I had the orange chicken.
Incredible.
If I ever want Asian food, this is where I will want to go.
The service was really friendly.
It's a family owned place and they make you feel part of the family.

I have had beef Pho all over the US and this is one of the best!
Great summer rolls,also.
Place is modern and very clean.
Everyone is friendly and service is quick!

Too many places water down their pho or use the instant mix.
You just smell and taste the difference at Simis.
It's the closest thing to my moms homemade pho.
Owners husband said himself that everything is made in house and fresh.
So good!
Went here twice in one week!

Whenever I come home to see my parents, we always go to Simi's, ever since they opened.
Although it is not a big restaurant, you get more here than you would elsewhere.
This is a family restaurant; a couple opened this shop earlier this year, naming the restaurant after their first child, Simi.
Sometimes, the man's father is the lead chef.
You then know it's as authentic as it can get!
They make a fusion of Asian cuisin; from Chinese to Vietnamese.
Even throw in a little Thai.
They make everything very fast and if you have never tried Vietnamese broth; it's a must!
My family of five ordered 4 dishes and we were so full afterwards.
There are plenty on each plate.
The couple is super nice and friendly.
You can talk to them like they are your friends.
Young couple, too!
So they can relate about anything!
This place should get more reviews because its new and it needs a little help.
Why not give this place a try?
It won't let u down.
:) it hasn't for me yet!

Amazing food and friendly, helpful staff.
The pho was authentic with awesome portions.
The owner told me it is a family recipe boiled at least 10 hours with no MSG.
I also recommend the salt and pepper wings and iced Vietnamese coffee.
What a nice surprise.

This is my second visit, and it was as good as the first.
Place is run by a young, local couple, along with help from their family members.
The menu has excellent variety, the servers are pleasant and attentive.
The food is delicious and the prices are extremely reasonable.
I am so thrilled to have found this little treasure!

This place was fantastic.
The service was quick and and the food was hot and amazing.
We ordered via phone and had our dinner delivered in about a half hour.
The orange chicken was superb.
And the beef pho was very tasty.
Everything we ordered was fresh and excellent.
We will definitely eat from here again.

Hmm, apparently I'm in the minority with my review here but I was less than impressed.
Stopped in for lunch for pho ga (chicken pho).
Ordered a Diet Coke to drink.
Diet Coke was flat, I tried to let the server know that they needed to check the carbonation but she wasn't understanding me so I told her I would have water instead.
Pho came out quickly.
I asked for 1) a spoon (yes, need a spoon for the broth, thanks), 2) for cilantro and onions.
I got what would amount to about 1 sprig of cilantro and some green onions.
Realized after I got the smidgen of cilantro that they hadn't served the side of sprouts, basil, jalapenos, etc on the side... At this point I will just have to make do.
Younger server came to check on me so I ask her for more cilantro as well as jalapenos/limes (which would normally have already been served on the side).
She explains that they don't bring the veggies with the "chicken noodle soup" because there are already veggies in the soup and most people don't eat the sprouts, etc.
Fair enough, I usually don't eat the sprouts either, but I always use the limes and jalapenos and lots of cilantro so please bring me some, thank you.
Out she comes with more cilantro (more than a sprig which was nice) and jalapenos.
No lime though.
I've given up at this point and used the lime from my water.
After adding the cilantro, jalapeno and watery lime, the pho was much better (pretty bland otherwise) and it satisfied my pho craving, but can't say that I'll be back in the future, at least not for pho.
I know this is a lot of detail and maybe sounds a little picky for just a bowl of soup, but honestly, pho is not that complicated and certain things are just standard and they didn't deliver those "standards" here.
The decor was very nice and the second server really did try to make me happy, but all in all there other places I much prefer.

The new owners have done amazing work renovating the inside of this location.
Clean and modern, with very personable and friendly service.
The food is extremely flavorful and good portion size.
Their lunch specials are a steal and a great way taste their menu.
At the time of this review, the lunch specials were only $4.99 for a complete lunch.
The green curry was some of the best I have tasted across the country, and if you like it spicy they are not afraid to accommodate.
That is my usual complaint with Thai food.
I want it spicy, but don't worry if that is not to your taste they only spice mine up at my request.
Summer rolls have always been very fresh and refreshing.
The soups, bright and flavorful.
So far there hasn't been an entrée that my husband and I wouldn't order again.
Location on Google Maps has been wrong.
This location on the South side of Baseline, West of Lindsay Rd.
This is a family restaurant run with family pride.

One star because they deliver.
They forgot one of our entrees and the food overall was just ok. Not as authentic as I hoped.
The curry was the best thing we ordered.
Teriyaki and other sauces are very sugary and full of preservatives.

Phenomenal customer service amazing food and nice atmosphere.
Very clean and well kept.
I recommend the orange chicken and the beef pho.

Loved it!
I am no stranger to pho, this was a great and tasty bowl of noodles, sliced beef and hot broth right down the street from my room.
The huge bowl of pho came with the usual suspects on the side ie..bean sprouts, basil , lime and sliced jalapenos.
I also ordered the pork spring rolls, and shrimp rice wrapper rolls.
The pork rolls were served hot and crispy with a nice fish dipping sauce.
The rice wrapped rolls were stuffed with veggies , sliced pork and shrimp.
Very fresh and light.
The service was great and the owner was fantastic.
Will b back for sure!

Great place!!!
It's right around the corner from me, the service is unbeatable.
I have been a few times and I have to say the green curry is amazing but very hot!
I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for friendly service, a calm atmisphere, and some really great dishes.

First of all, I should say I was starving.
Pregnant and starving.
So, I thought maybe my impression of this place was because anything would taste good.
BUT, my husband, who wasn't starving and isn't pregnant, really loved it and he rarely likes my asian food choices.
We got the pho, which was good, but probably not my favorite, the spring and summer rolls, both of which were very tasty, the crab rangoons, VERY good and craveable, the orange chicken, easily the standout of the order (the sauce is TO DIE FOR...I'll be headed back JUST for this dish), and the kung pao chicken which, while good, maybe wasn't as spicy as I prefer.
Also got the beef fried rice, which was great fried rice.
Not too overseasoned or greasy.
My kids really liked everything, which is usual.
Overall, a great little find.
I will go back again for the orange chicken and look forward to trying some of their other offerings.
Oh, and the service was SO nice.
Kids waited with me and got lots of attention in the form of soda and fortune cookie while we waited.
Delightful woman taking the order.

This place is hidden, and a little run down on the outside but well worth looking past all that,  the food is excellent and the customer service is great.
I will be going back.

Pho was excellent along with their famous orange chicken.
Love the look of their dining room, very modern and fresh.
Finished our meal with an excellent Thai iced tea with boba and Vietnamese iced coffee.
The drinks were addicting and I may stop going to Starbucks.

Both the beef chow fun wide noodle, and the mixed vegetable with lightly fried tofu, were excellent.
The noodle dish was among the best I've had, which was portioned just right for three hungry people, and was free of any excess oil.
The vege dish was a colorful medley of quality freshness and variety.
Combined with quick and friendly service, I'll be back for more!

Came here on a Friday night and it was not crowded at all!
We ordered the beef pho.
It came out really fast.
It was really delicious, and very authentic.
Also, the service here is AMAZING the waitress seems like she actually cares about your experience, and she's very attentive and not at all annoying.
the reason I gave it 4 stars is because the portion is a little bit smaller than l'm used to, and also because it's pricier than my other place.
So although it was really great, I'll probably stay with my other favorite Pho place, Thuan Thanh.

Update: Had again tonight.
My party ordered the vietnamese beef over rice, the green curry, and the pho.
The food was very good, Vietnamese beef over rice was cooked perfectly, and my curry was very flavorful, but also a bit spicy so be warned.
They ran out of beef for the pho, unfortunatley, so my dad  got the beef chow fun.
It took a while to come out and we were already there for a long time, however, the food was delicious (And on the house) so no worries there!
ONce again, a lovely experience at Simis and we will be back.
Also, to add again, the service here is fantastic!!!
Top notch!
We'd come back just because the waitress is so good at what she does!

Good food, good service.
Had lunch there twice, one take out.
We will go back.
The first tme I went for take out they gave me soup while I waited.
The outside could use some work,  if not for the reveiws here we would have missed a good place.

Like Renata K. I am in the minority here.
But, I stand by my rating.
I ate here on the recommendation of my brother and his fiance and looked forward to a good bowl of Pho.
I followed the server's recommendation of the beef Pho.
Responding to her attempt to up-sell me from the basic bowl, I told her I did not like meatballs.
I ended my order with veggie spring rolls.
My food came out quickly.
It also came out wrong: veggie eggs rolls and beef Pho with meatballs.
The busser appeared quickly and asked me if everything was okay.
I told her about the mistakes, she apologized, but did not reappear, nor did my server.
I figured they were busy and I didn't want to make a fuss.
This would not have been a problem.
But, the eggs rolls were mushy and lacked flavor.
Even this could have been saved by the Pho.
I took out the meatballs and the Pho did taste good.
It was definitely homemade, but the noodles were overcooked and broke apart on my chopsticks.
There was also a grit at the bottom of my bowl.
I don't doubt that the food is good.
But, it seemed like they fell asleep on me.
It was rather disappointing after the recommendation that brought me there.

Yummy calamari!
Not traditional Thai but our favorite Thai dishes: pad Thai and Thai basil were very good.
Great atmosphere.

Have eaten here four times and each time we have come away raving about the food.
In love with the lettuce wraps and chai tea, but everything was great.
The service is quick, friendly and helpful!
I can't complain!
Will plan on making this the family favorite restaurant!

I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a while, I drive by all of the time.
We got a coupon in the mail so decided to give it a try.
We started with the summer rolls with peanut sauce- they were fresh and tasty.
There were many choices so it was hard to decide what to get but we decided to go with their house specialties.
My husband, who likes things spicy, ordered the red curry chicken.
He loved it, plenty spicy and such a big serving he couldn't eat it all.
I had the sliced beef Pho-  it was just delicious and is made by the owner's father in law.
It takes 10 hours to cook and has a hint of cinnamon.
The broth was amazing.
The service was friendly and helpful and the food came out very quickly.
Can't wait to go back and try something different!

Just tried the Kung Pao Chicken lunch special.
You really can't beat the deal for what you get.
It comes with rice, spring roll, rangoon (very yummy) and egg drop soup, all for six bucks, including tax.
I ordered it to go and they brought me the soup to eat while I waited for my food; that makes for good service.
The ingredients were fresh, though they should have cooked the veggies a little longer.
The Kung Pao chicken wasn't anything special.
I would have liked it to be spicy, but it was still good.
I will go back because I want to try their Pho.

I did not particularly enjoy my meal here, but on the other hand, it was not bad.
Hence the three stars.
The food was OK and average at best.
The minced chicken lettuce wraps were good.
The fried tofu with vegetables were good and plentiful.
The calamari with chilis were good too.
All the food was seasoned alright but could have been a little more spicy.
But for the average American palate, I guess it was seasoned OK.  We also ordered an order of chicken satay which was a huge disappointment....don't ever order this dish here.
It was three skewers of chicken meat fried in a frying pan with no flavoring; and they do not have Thai peanut sauce to accompany it, although the menu says it does.
What a disappointment.
The place also was very cold.
The inside temperature was about 68 degrees and they have no booths, only small tables.
I don't think I will return for another meal, with so many other Asian restaurants with better food.

Best hot and sour soup in town.
OMG.
You can't go wrong in this place.
Best customer service.

First place that I found in Gilbert that has Pho....Ordered takeout a couple times this month.
The Pho is flavorful, with fresh ingredients.
Spring rolls were also tasty and also made fresh.
The owners were very accommodating and friendly.
I haven't had the opportunity to try anything else yet, but would like to.
Worth going back!

Amazing redesign.
Very nice interior.
Excellent attentive service.
Good variety of delicious Asian dishes to choose from.

Hubby and I just ate here and enjoyed the food and service.
Won ton noodle soup, pad thai, and green curry chicken were delicious.
Would like to come back and try the Pho.
Service was excellent.
Will definitely be back!

Simi's Cafe was a wonderful experience; we went there for the lunch special and pho.
Both were exceptionally delicious.
The pho was well-prepared and was a large portion.
The lunch special kung pao chicken was a great portion and the sauce was on par.
The chicken chow mein was also very tasty.
For the $4.99 that you pay for the egg roll, crab rangoon, soup, and entree, you get your money's worth and every ounce is delectable.
Above all else was the service: from the moment we walked in to our departure, we felt well taken care of by our hosts.
I will definitely be revisiting Simi's Cafe for the service that would remind you of going to a close friend's house and for the delicious food that I can't get enough of.

Great food and excellent friendly service.
The pho was delicious as was the yellow curry and orange chicken.

Summary:  Great Value!
High Quality!
Fresh!
Chicken Lettuce Wraps (app), Green Curie Chicken & Pad Thai (entrees) were all 5 Star quality for the money.
That was my wife's and my experience.
It was 1:00pm when we arrived and there and there were only 5 other customers in the café.
We were politely greeted and offered a Thai Tea and Vietnamese Pressed Coffee which we jumped on.
They were both great.
The service given to us from the start by this family owned restaurant was friendly, and excellent.
Although it's easy to provide good service with only a couple of customers.
We were offered a nice lunch selection from their $4.99 lunch menu which includes a soup, wonton, spring roll, and your choice of entree.
Although we didn't try them that seemed like an amazing deal.
The appetizer we had was the Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps that had crispy romain lettuce, crunchy rice noodles, well seasoned ground chicken, and topped with a dollop of sweet Thai sauce that perfected the dish.
My wife had the Pad Thai which was a classic fresh dish flavored with a good amount of authentic tamarind & fish sauce.
My entree was the Green Curry Chicken which was on point.
The sauce was a coconut milk base with curry spices that meshed well with the fresh green beans, bamboo shoots, and tarragon leaves.
The chicken was nice and tender and the dish left me 100% satisfied.
Give this place a try and check out my photos if you need some more coaxing.

Amazing service in this place as it is owner operated.
I also loved their spring rolls which I could make a meal out of alone.
Their Pho Ga was a little on the bland side I found sadly otherwise I would be there all the time.
The rest of the food we had was very good and very fresh.
This place cares about their food and their customers.

I came here with my family to enjoy a vegetarian dinner.
Their asian/cantonese dishes are excellent.
Good vegetarian/vegan selection.
We ordered the  - eggplant in kungpao sauce - absolutely delicious!
- curry vegetables - light and flavorful - crispy tofu - the best that I've had in a long time!
Its crispy on the outside and hot soft tofu on the inside paired with a flavorful dipping sauce.
- vegetarian fried rice - very good - veggie spring roll - good - Tofu lettuce wrap - excellent  The food was very well prepared and served.
Both the food and service was exceptional.
The wait staff was courteous, inviting, and friendly.
This is definitely my kitchen away from home and I will come back and visit often even though its a bit far.
The restaurant interior is clean and the decor is modern, tasteful and elegant.
The booths are very comfortable and luxurious.
Overall a great dining experience and the prices are just right.

Did not realize they close at 8 midweek, walked in at 7:45 hoping to get takeout.
They insisted we sit and relax and take our time.
My husband wasn't feeling well, so she insisted on tea for him and was very kind.
We both had the beef pho, which was delicious.
A little salty, but quickly remedied with some sriracha and fresh lime.
The restaurant is clean and inviting, the staff was gracious and attentive, and the food was delicious.
Can't wait to go back.

Nice blend of Asian Cuisines, 5 star service, in a comfortable setting.
This was our first time at this restaurant and it was a pleasant evening.
The food arrived at the table quickly, almost to fast to allow us to savor the Tom Yum Soup which arrived before the rest of the dinner.
We asked that the soup be on the mild side and it was good we did.
It was hot, but not to hot, so it is just a guess that if you order it hot you may be sweating before you finish.
Tom Yum Soup is a favorite of mine here it was full of shrimp, squid, fish, and all.
It was especially good when I hit the scallop in my bowl, it had so much flavor, I wondered if it had been grilled before entering the soup.
The appetizers of Crab Puffs, and Pot Stickers came with the main courses of Beef Fried Rice & Chicken Chow Mein.
The Pot Stickers were out standing, plump and yummy with a very nice sauce.
The course sizes were pretty normal maybe on the smallish size for typical Chinese servings, the three of us had our fill and there were some boxes of left overs...
If you are looking for a good meal at very reasonable prices this place will fill the bill.
The selection of Thai, Chinese, and Vietnamese allows you to sample things you might not be familiar with in a meal that includes things you know you like.
Next trip it will be the Beef Pho Soup that the waitress says is there specialty.
Personally I would have wanted the food to come at a more relaxed pace, sometimes it takes a few trips to a good restaurant to figure it all out.
Remember to show your check in, we were talking to the waitress towards the end of our meal as to how we found them, we yelped them!....
And the check in button presented us with a online coupon so, some complementary spring rolls that were added to the take home boxes!
They were very nice about it.

My daughter and I decided on Chinese the other night so I checked yelp for something new and in the area.
Simi's Cafe came up and had good reviews so we decided to give it a try.
The restaurant itself is clean, nicely decorated in a sort of modern IKEA sort of feel.
I think the building used to be a different restaurant that had sort of a run down feel.
This is much nicer.
The staff was VERY friendly, especially our server.
It was a Saturday night but only two other tables so she had plenty of time to welcome us and take our order.
We decided to keep it simple.
Simi's offers a variety of Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese dishes which is good.
We used the Yelp coupon for the free appetizer and ordered orange chicken (my daughter is an expert) and pad Thai.
Food came quickly.
The veggie egg rolls were a disappointment.
Free I know, but they were straight from Costco.
The Orange Chicken was different.
Paper thin slices, crispy,with sauce drizzled over them.
My daughter immediately wondered if we had gotten the right food.
The taste was good, but I really had to wonder if there was more breaking than chicken.
The Pad Thai was good, slightly different sauce made with tamarind, and a touch of basil tossed in.
Nice touch.
Overall the food was good, better than average.
Even though it wasn't busy, our server seemed overly distracted by taking phone orders, sitting with  family of customers, and ringing up take out orders.
Very pleasant place, just maybe hit it on an off night.
Have to try it again.

Food is always fresh!
Great customer service, and clean!

Simi's is a family owned restaurant that's fairly new to Gilbert and has that heart warming welcome from the owners when you walk in.
First impression you can tell right away that they genuinely care about their customers and appreciate the business as well.
The restaurant has a modern high end look to it but doesn't hurt the wallet at all.
When it comes to Simi's dishes they don't disappoint.
They deliver generous portions of quality food at very reasonable prices.
The one item on the menu that stood out for me was the sweet and sour soup.
It was perfect!
Thank you Simi's for a very enjoyable and pleasant dining experience.
My wife and I look forward to coming in again soon!

Services is excellent & very friendly.
Had the Summer rolls & Pho soup & will definitely be coming back Pho-sure;) very tasty!

While "home" for the holidays I was really craving pho.
I grabbed my daughter to set out and find some.
Armed with our iPhones and Yelp app we found Simi's Cafe.
I've only ever had pho at 1 other restaurant so I don't have a ton to compare it to, but it was great.
The ingredients were fresh and the price was perfect.
My daughter ordered the orange peel chicken and said that it was the best she has ever had.
It was only $4.99 on the lunch special menu.
The staff was friendly and attentive.
When I'm home, I'll be going back to try more dishes.
Loved it!

Thai iced tea is great!!!!
Spring rolls are also good Love the fresh orange chicken very crispy not soggy like others  And the seafood noodle soup is great cause they put a lot of seafood there not shy :-) would recommend this

Om nom nom...
So good.
If you're a fan of pho, these guys do it traditional style.
No msg in the broth,  just a quality family recipe using good ingredients cooked for over 8 hours.
Don't believe me,  try the broth BEFORE you put sriracha and hoisin in it.
If that doesn't convince you,  just take note how you feel after drinking it.
Normally I get super dehydrated from the sodium and have to pound a bunch of water, not here.
Can't wait to sample the rest of their menu.
I'll update my review when I get a chance to go back.
Oh btw, Alan who is father/chef wants to show us what GOOD Asian food is like... Not this panda crud (my words,  not his) or buffet slop.

Had summer rolls and pho and they were both delicious.
The owner was very kind and welcoming.

The food is amazingly delicious and authentic.
Great family owned and run restaurant.
If you know what authentic Asian food is then you won't be disappointed.
I have read the reviews on here after dining there for the second time and just can't believe how some people looking for panda express orange chicken feel they can write a poor review of the food at Simi's Cafe.
I will absolutely be a long time customer and look forward to trying everything on the menu.
The Hong Kong Won Ton Soup, Orange Chicken, Yellow Thai Curry and Pho are all AMAZING!!!
I am so happy to have found this place.
Highly recommend this place, don't let the outside fool you, go on in and enjoy everything Simi's Cafe has to offer.

Tried Simi's last night for the first time, and really enjoyed it.
The Pho was delicious.
The Tom Yum soup was spicy and tasty, with a nice presentation.
The staff, friendly and helpful.
The price, right.
Try it, you'll like it.
Why go to a chain restaurant when you can enjoy a family-owned restaurant and their family recipes?

I love this place.
It's clean, looks cool, and you can't get much better than 4.99 for crab puff, veggie spring roll, soup and your meal.
They also have boba drinks and Thai tea, which we love.
It doesn't look like much on the outside (ghetto strip mall) but it really is awesome.
The orange chicken is really crispy, so be ready for something a little different than you're used to with OC.
The veggie spring rolls are delcious, but the Egg drop soup was eh.
I will be coming here a lot in the future for lunch.
Yum!

What a great surprise!!
The food was delicious (some of the best dumplings I've had!!
) and the staff was very friendly and make you feel welcome!
Will be back for sure!

AMAZING!
This is the real Asian food :) absolutely delicious in my opinion.
Great family owned and run restaurant.
The orange chicken is like nothing else around,  sauce is so flavorful and made from real ingredients.
Pho is awesome,  Hong Kong won ton soup is a must try as well.

I love this place, the service is the best and Vietnamese food is spot on.
I stopped in one night late to try there pho a there Vietnamese iced coffee, It was perfect the very nice lady gave us the best service and was very friendly.
Needles to say we are now regulars and have gone back every time it's the same best service with awesome food.

First time trying it and it didn't disappoint.
We opted for take out so no dine in review, but the food was really good.
We'll be back.

Never had a bad meal here.
The absolute best dish that I've had here is the eggplant with pork, be warned its a little spicy but oh so good.
I've had the beef pho many times here and it's very good, the broth is homemade and fresh.
It's a family run business and all the owners are very nice.
I've always had excellent service here so I can't complain about much

Great service, friendly staff.
Clean facilities with pleasant atmosphere.
Outstanding Pho, excellent yellow curry, fresh veggies served hot.
Definitely plan to return and recommend to others.

This is an update from my review on 12/23/13.
Since then I have had their food many times.
Their food is consistently well prepared, fresh ingredients and is quite delicious.
Very friendly service with staff who remember you.
Priced very reasonable.
In a city of chain restaurants, it's so refreshing to go to this one.
Try it!

Decor - it doesn't look like much from the outside, but you will be transported when you walk in.
Very clean and modern.
Pictures will tell you all you need to know.
Service -  I came in at 4pm, so this isn't the best judge of service.
I was seated immediately, and my server was quite lovely, finding the line between conversational and professional, anticipating my needs and leaving me alone to enjoy my food.
However, I appreciated that they boxed my food themselves, and better yet they even asked me if I wanted more rice to go, and if I wanted it with the meal or boxed separately.
Food - Ordered spring rolls, Vietnamese iced coffee, and cashew chicken.
Spring rolls were fresh and tasty, but nothing overtly special.
The iced coffee was a bit bland, but the server came back and asked me if it was sweet enough.
She took it to the back and got more condensed milk, so that was a big help.
The coffee is pretty mixed before it gets to the table, so there was no satisfaction of slugging down a little condensed milk beforehand.
Drink menu is on the table, not in the menu, so be aware.
Cashew chicken was very tasty.
Vegetables were cooked to the right crispness, and chicken was lean with no fat to be seen!
You can tell this dish was made fresh and not just reheated.
Price - 20$ for drink, appetizer, and entrée (plus 25% tip) is not too bad.
Overall - Great little place if you want some good Asian food fast and cheap.
Not worth driving out of your way to this place however, but if you are close by you owe it to yourself to at least try it.

This is a great find!
The owner seems to know just about everyone who comes in the door and the service is excellent.
The restaurant is very clean!
I came for the pho and was not disappointed, yummy broth.

Great orange chicken, soups, and summer rolls.
The curry and pad Thai is...not what I'm used to, but not bad as long as you expect something new.
However, the service could not be better.
Oh, and try the boba!

Very friendly and attentive service.
I really dig the modern decor!
The pho tai is nothing in comparison to Southern Cali's 626 area but it comes close.
Good flavor.
$6.00  Also got one of lunch specials which is orange chicken, brown rice, egg roll, and a fried cream cheese wanton.
Mmm I gotta say man, I really liked their chicken.
I'm so use to fast food orange chicken where the meat is covered in a bulky batter and then fried and sauced.
This place'a orange chicken is crispy without a batter and covered in sauce.
$5.50 lunch special.
Restaurant offers Vietnamese food, Thai, and Chinese.
I'll come back when I visit to try other things :)

I brought our whole family here to experience Thai cuisine.
We were warmly greeted by Diane in a very comfortable seating area.
She helped us find options for our gluten free needs.
Diane went above and beyond when our son did not favor his first dish and she generously sent us home with summer rolls free of charge.
Why you need to visit: The service is impeccable and attentive with dishes of flavorful medleys.

This review is only for the Chicken Pho.
It was repulsive, because it wasn't Pho.
Fatty chicken broth with soggy vegetables and shriveled over cooked chicken served without any traditional Pho accoutrements (no lime, bean sprouts, jalapeño or basil).
The broth was completely devoid of any traditional aromatics that make the broth such a delicacy.
I feel bad saying this because the staff was very nice and friendly but we came for the Pho and left horribly disappointed.

Service is alway fantastic.
Owner/server really remembers everyone great neighbor hood joint.
Love their beef pho , pho tai now they use really tender and juicy beef, deify higher quality than most regular pho joint ( this place does not specialize in pho)  never really tried their Chinese/Thai stuff but crab puff was great.
I'm just glad I can get my hands on pho in Gilbert area :).
But like I said , they do not specialize in pho or Vietnamese so don't expect full viet menu but their beef pho is great.

this was my first time here and the food was so good.
my friend and I ordered hot n sour soup, fried tofu, beef fried rice, pork chow fun, and Vietnamese coffee.
Yum!!
All of them tasted so good.
The lady recommended beef noodle soup that I will definitely try it next time.

I love this place.
They take great care in presenting their food.
My only complaint is that they are not open 24/7...
Try their soups... Yummy!

Came here for lunch time was sat quickly, the service was awesome.
Honestly some of the nicest and best service I have ever gotten at a restaurant.
We came here for the pho tai which was wonderful.
Definitely gonna come back to try some of the other food on the menu.
Plus 4.99$ lunch special is really cheap.

I'm a Pho addict.
There.
I said it.
The first step is to admit you have a "problem"   : ) The only problem I have with Pho is trying to find a good one!
Well that problem is SOLVED!!
Simi's Cafe has the best Pho I've had anywhere in the greater Phoenix area.
Oh, they may not put the most beef in it, or give you the most basil (although I'm sure Ms. Diane would give you more if you asked), but the broth is out of this world with depth of flavor and richness!
Honestly, isn't the flavor of the broth by far and away the most important thing when it comes to Pho?
And the asian beef balls are the most flavorful I've had anywhere!
I was greeted like I was a member of the family, with a smile and a welcoming attitude and the food came out super fast!
I will be back, and often!
Thank you Simi's!

Pho get about it your other Asian spot.
Do not be fooled by the outside (landlord needs to update) as for Simis does a fine job inside from decor to taste.
Great service and very helpful.
Clean family owned and operated of course.
So good!

Wonderful place!
The owner is super nice and very attentive.
The Phó is good.
Limited options in terms of meat toppings.
No tendon or tripe.
Just the rare beef.
However they don't use MSG, so that's a big plus.
Wonton soup is tasty as well, the meat filling is very well seasoned and not over cooked.
Portions and price are very reasonable as well.
Can't go wrong with this place if you got a hankering for good Vietnamese food.
Plus they make slushies!

Absolutely delicious and the service is AMAZING!
Love this little gem!

Very good food & such a sweet, attentive server.
Def recommend the Thai Tea, banana smoothie, Orange Chicken & Basil Chicken !

Wow.
Work in the area and decided to stop in for a weekday lunch.
Service was great.
Food was beyond wow.
Best orange chicken I have ever had.
Pho is decent as well.
Will definately return.

OMG this place is da bomb - the food was amazing - very flavorful and fresh and the prices are great - I have dietary issues and they were very helpful (making my black pepper chicken with gluten free garlic sauce instead of the regular sauce) the owner/ chef came out to the dinning room as we finished our meal and we had a chance to talk to him for a bit - he even explained how he makes one of his sauces to my daughter who is in culinary school and encouraged her to keep on cooking.
The waitress was very sweet and helpful - including getting gloves and showing my daughter how to properly properly wrap the spring rolls in lettuce and mint for maximum flavor.
All in all we were very pleased with both the food quality and the service.
We arrived rather late only a half hour before close and at no time did we feel like they were rushing us out the door so that they could close up.

Wonderful place.
We moved from Hawaii and really miss Vietnamese cuisine.
Summer rolls were just like those we got back in Hawaii.
The pho and the bun were just as good or better than what we are used to.
Will make this a monthly lunch go to place.

Very friendly and just a great environment to enjoy food and company of others.
I really liked that it was beautiful inside and also very reasonable pricing.
Would come back again!

Was there last niight, I do love the food however it is hit and miss, I ordered for a large party one night one of my dishes was minus any chicken but  after home who wants to go back out.
Oh well , they are somewhat close, and inexpensive.

Can't believe we have been going here for a year now.
We used to go twice sometimes three times a week, but we moved to QC but still manage to go there once a week.
We always order the Pho.
Even in the summer time, it's always my favorite thing to get.
Also the chicken pot stickers are delish.
They don't taste like your typical gyoza or dumplings.
Very crispy and tasty.
Their orange chicken is also another favorite.
They don't over batter the chicken like they do at panda.
They make it so it's just crispy and made with all white chicken.
Diane and her husband do such a great job running the place.
You can tell they love their customers because they remember their regulars by name.

Super friendly staff, which is rare for an Asian restaurant.
Had the pad thai, not authentic at all, strong fish sauce smell.
Portion is on the smaller side.
Will be back to try their lunch special at $4.99, wonder how much smaller the portion will be at that price, may need to order 2.

Excellent.
Sweet and Sour chicken was fantastic.
Pad Thai very good.
Roast pork fried rice was outstanding.
Very, very friendly staff and great service.
Don't let the outside fool you!
It is worth a try.

Amazing chicken fried rice!
The staff is wonderful!
Best Pho in the area, tons of flavor!
HIGHLY recommended!

Like the other review said, this place looks like nothing special from the outside, but inside it is very beautiful & clean.
The staff was extremely nice.
Several other patrons were there that you could tell were regulars because the waiters were talking like they were old friends.
The food was delicious.
The portions were generous.
The prices were reasonable.
5 stars for Simi's Cafe

It's hard to find good Asian food in this part of the country...so I didn't really have high hopes for this place.
It was right next to my next work appointment which made it convenient enough.
I got in there around 1 -2pm for a late lunch.
Food:  They were out of Pho =( I ordered what I typically order to test the skill of the chef.
I ordered a Chow Fun.
Chicken Chow Fun - It wasn't too greasy, didn't clump, and had a good balance of flavor.
I approve.
Not the best but definitely not bad.
Service:  Friendly staff.
Owners work hands on as well.
They seem to know half the customers walking in.
Environment:  Very pseudo Asian design in here...like the stuff you see on TV.
I actually felt like I was sitting in an Asian porn set.
Not that I know what an Asian porn set looks like....but...ok...nevermind...  Price:  Well priced for the type of food.
Honestly if they raised their prices...people would still come because there is not much else nearby.
Food: 4 Service: 4 Environment: 2 Price: 4

The food here is amazing.
The service is great.
The staff of the family owned restaurant knows everyone by name.
They have a lot of different choices and the the food is a good mix of Chinese, Vietnamese, and Thai influence.
They don't over Americanize their dishes.
My personal favorites are the Won Ton Noodle Soup, the black pepper chicken, and the green curry.

The food at Simi's is fantastic!
I have not had something that was not great!
I love this place and the staff is so so friendly.
You must check this place out and try the PHO!
Oh and everything else!
Once you go you will probably become a regular!

I ate there on Monday 7/14/14 for lunch.
I had the Kung Pao chicken and my friend had Mongolian beef.
It was excellent!
The Kung Pao chicken came with white rice, egg drop soup, egg roll and a crab roll.
The soup was excellent also.
The soup had pieces of diced chicken as well as egg and veggies.
It was hot and flavorful.
The entrée was spicy without being overwhelmingly hot.
My friend's Mongolian beef was well seasoned and hot without being spicy.
It also came with a crab roll, egg drop soup and an egg roll.
The restaurant was clean, cool and the staff was friendly!
I highly recommend this restaurant!

