Love these stores, I've now been to all the locations and have given almost all my friends business cards to get them set up with vaping if they're current smokers or not.
I'm a HUGE advocate for Sin City Vapor when anyone asks me what it is I'm doing when I use my vape around friends.
My boss recommended Sin City Vapor to me when I first started my new job and I am now hooked.
They do good business and if you refer a friend they give you a bottle of e-liquid which is a $10 value!!!
I'm pretty sure I have a bottle waiting for me at the Eastern store and have yet to pick it up.
Also can't wait until the tasting bar is set up at the new store, love the fact that its super close to where I work.
Great job Sin City Vapor!

I've seen worse so i cant give them one star.
The stores are small,  with no concept of design, just some paint and a few glass displays and maybe a seat or 2.  they dont sell any quality Juice brands just generic self-made vape juice(major bummer).
Dont be fooled into thinking because they can make it to order that its better because its freshly made.
it can take several days for the mix to settle and stabilize for best results,  if its vape'd fresh it will taste differrent and have a little harsher hit than one that has had a week to sit.
I must say my girl and i are very disappointed with their Cherries Garcia juice (tastes like a terrible cherry cough drop).
I WOULD NOT buy their juice again, in fact their juice is the only reason i bothered to write this review.
Be sure to try their juices before u buy that way u get one u like.
I would stop by for parts because Vegas has few options.
3 of which are sin city locations,  convenience does make a difference in a market with few choices imo.
i believe they did a good job of servicing my needs in a quick timely manner upon my second visit.
it could just be that i knew what i wanted and i knew what questions to ask.
but on my first visit i walked in and a young employee was eating her lunch right on the counter top right across from a none employee who was eating from the customer side.
though she jumped quick to help me, i felt i was interrupting.
lets get it turned around guys,  and offer some Name Brands Please!!

I've been vaping for quite some time so I know what I like, and I know what is out there.
SinCity Vapor has a real head shop feel to it with a very empty storefront.
Their liquid has alcohol...no bueno.
It does have a decent flavor, and a good throat hit.
My biggest problem is with their atomizers and clearomizers.
Low quality...the worst I've ever experienced.
I have given them a few chances but I guess I'll just have to stick to my online shopping and, worst case, a trek across town for my vaping needs.

I was referred to sin city vapor from a friend that started vaping.
I did some research and found this location is right down the street from my work and stopped In to check it out.
The staff was very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.
I didn't know anything about vaporizers but had all questions answered and easily explained.
I also sat and tried flavors before I made a purchase and wasn't rushed.
The hardest part was actually deciding which flavors to go with.
I've been back many times since and have received great service each time.
5 stars.

This place does nothing to back up there products I bought a new kanger tank and after a few days it started to leak out of the bottom I had everything on tight and I took it back.
And they told me they don't warranty anything in the store and would not replace the faulty tank.
This is the last time I go back.
Please be warned if something goes wrong with anything you buy from them your shit out of luck.
I will stick to buying my stuff online as its way cheaper and I never have a problem with the online stuff.
I bought the new kanger t3 s replacement Cartridges online for $1.43 each sin city vapor charges $4 each that's crazy

First time in ,  I had a vamo with me that didnt work and was thinking they could help me.I was WRONG!!!!!
I asked for help walking up and they (females) said how the vamo sucks and they cant stand it.....
I went for help and received shitty attitude about my mod  I left fast after that real fast  JUICE SUCKS , SERVICE SUCKS , ATTITUDE SUCKS  not worth my time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you can get anything they can......... just look it up!!!!!!
never give up and bendover too the words of the car salesman   think about it

First, there were 4 people "working" there, but only 2 actually helping customers.
After waiting for over 5 minutes (there were only 2 people being helped in front of me), one of the girls totally skipped over us & helped the guy that just walked in.
When the dude sitting on the couch smoking his vapor said to one of the girls that we were actually next, she finally helped us.
We sampled a couple of flavors and when we asked for recommendations because the ones we sampled were watered down tasting, she said everyone's taste buds are different so you just gotta try them for yourself.
Then when I asked her what's the sweetest flavor they got, she gave the same answer.
Lame!
She didn't even try to help us so we left & went to a local place called Up in Vapor instead to buy liquid.
I know that Sin City Vapor II is way better, but I didn't want to drive that far.
Next time, I'll either go back to Up in Vapor on Mountain Vista near my house or Sin City Vapor II.
If you want crappy tasting liquid that's water down, want to wait & possibly be skipped over, and want no helpful service what so ever, go here.
If you want none of the previously mentioned, go to Sin City Vapor II or Up in Vapor.
Needless to say, I'll never return there & will let my friends know of the crappy service.
Thanks for nothing!

I've been to this shop 3 or 4 times.
The first time I went I would have rated my experience a 2 or a 3, but the subsequent times I went there definitely a 1.
The problem was, that like most of their customers, I went here not knowing a thing about Vaping, and they have an internet presence that people, like me, find easily accessible and straight forward.
People like me, who also want to get off cigarettes and/or dip have alot of skepticism and questions about vaping.
I made it very clear that I will want to make a commitment to this instead of tobacco, so I wouldn't want to come back and spend money on batteries/tanks I didn't like.
So what did they do?
Sold me a starter kit.
Stupidly, I paid for it.
I realize this works for some people, but I used to smoke a ton, especially at home.
These little batteries not only didn't have any punch, but the little disposable tanks they push on you are good for perhaps one or two cycles, then they start to absorb flavors and everything starts tasting like garbage.
I understand "you get what you pay for" with inferior product, but I made it VERY clear that I didn't want to come in and do the whole "buy in increments" until I finally found something that worked.
I wanted a mod and a tank that was top notch, and I could enjoy.
I guess they took my newbie-ness either not very seriously or thought i'd make a good target to shovel off some of their less desirable product.
Either way, their reps didn't seem very concerned with my questions about the different tanks, what benefits variable voltage had, and pg/vg juice questions.
To top it all off, I noticed that these guys were free-pouring their juice.
When asked how they can guarantee their consistancies with a free pouring like that, I was dismissed and assured they are well trained.
Since then I have found many other shops that I prefer, I will never, ever, return here again.

Went to Sin City Vape to buy my first setup.
I was greeted as soon as I walked in.
I am new to the whole Vape thing.
Will explained everything to me perfectly and got me setup  did a few taste tests on flavors based on my liking and picked an awesome combo.
Will gave me top notch service and I look forward to going back to pick out some other flavors.

This was my first experience at a vape store.
I went in and was met by Manny.
She was so helpful and sweet, upbeat, very patient with me.
She explained everything, and made it  pleasant.
She mentioned she was just filling in, and I probably wouldn't see her at that store.
Fast forward a week later, and I took a friend there to get her vaping as well.
This time met by (she didn't bother giving her name) Young, long haired Asian-ish girl, who was rude, impatient & totally made us feel like we were bothering her, and we were stupid.
I was very uncomfortable, and had to apoligize to my friend.
Her and I bought the EXACT same supplies, my bill was $38, my friends was $45.
This place has a "basement feel to it" Not inviting, all black.
I would have continued to go here because it is close to my house, but not anymore, I will drive and find another vape shop, where I'm treated like a valued customer and not a pain in your ass.
Oh and I forgot -my friends device started leaking the next day, and smelled like it was burning, had to return it.

At first I was a little worried going to this shop after reading customs reviews on yelp, but I am so glad I gave this place a chance.
I love this spot and the staff!
I've gone to many vapor shops in LV and this spot is one of my favorites.
The staff Is very knowledgable on there product and give great customer service.
This place has become my go-to vape shop!

This is where I started vaping in June 2012 at the original store love that they are close now I haven't found better ejuice any where I really love you guys

Since I am new to vaping, I was slightly apprehensive about getting started.
Sin City Vapor was right by my house, so I decided to give it a shot.
I am so glad that I did!
I went in, and even though the place was busy, the girl who helped me (Gina maybe?
) answered all my questions and made me feel more sure of my decision.
Since then, I've popped in to a few other vape shops around town, but I felt the other prices were a bit high for me.
I go to Sin City all the time and I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Thanks guys!

I'm a regular at SCV 3 and I keep coming back for a reason.
They take excellent care of me.
I have referred newbie friends with the confidence that they wii be well seved and they were.
They have given me  free replacement items when I had unexplained parts problems (which I didn't blame them for).
I was frustrated by some of the other reviews here because they just seemed to be whining although true poor customer service should not be tolerated and should be addressed by management.
However, I have never had a poor service experience at my regular location.
Keep up the good work SCV 3!

Look no further for your one-stop vape shop!
I've been a customer of SCV for over a year now and usually visit the location on Eastern/Tropicana.
I stopped by this location today and I'm glad I did!
I was greeted by a lovely lady named Manny.
She was fantastic!
Very helpful and knowledgeable about their products.
It's employees like Manny that will keep life long customers!
Thanks doll!
If I've ever had a problem with any of their products they ALWAYS make it right!!
I've been to pink spot and SCV blows them away!
Don't buy into their lame commercials!
Give SCV a try first!!
Smokers: If you are new to vaping and can't decide on a flavor, go with their exclusive FIRE CURED TOBACCO!
I love it and I bet you will too!!!
Thanks again SIN CITY VAPORS III

I ordered some juice from sin city vapors and there was some confusion what I wanted.
I wrote a email to Genie and they sent me replacements asap.
Thats great business.
Thanks sin city I appreciate the awesome business.
A for ever client, Nathan

