Amazing food.
Amazing service.
Hands down the best!

The first exotic and native Filipino restaurant in town!
nothing like it!
They have available, the distinct Cebuano recipes I grew up with!
Amazingly exciting to your taste buds!
Hot , new and fresh!!

Had their ngohiong and steamed rice for take out!
It may not have tasted exactly like my childhood favorites, but they were close and delicious enough to bring me home and have me wanting more!

Fried ngohiong is delicious!!!
The roasted pork had the right blend of herbs and flavors.
Authentic food from Cebu.
Pork belly stew is awesome.
Great food and great service.

Lechon belly is sooooooo good !
must try!
it's the best !

Cafe de Cebu offers an authentic Filipino dining experience that doesn't get any better.
After an abysmal lunch service at a chain restaurant earlier in the day (see my previous review), my friend and I were in need of a memorable meal to wash the bad taste out of our mouths and this place stepped up to the plate and delivered.
Our server, Princess, was warm and attentive to our dining needs.
I had the BBQ pork, which arrived on three sticks, seared and smothered in their tasty barbecue sauce.
My friend had the pork belly which was crispy and seasoned to perfection.
If you're craving some heat, their homemade spice and peppers will awaken your taste buds.
One of the owners came over for a chat and we complimented her on the welcoming family vibe she has created.
She hand rolled turon, which is a deep fried banana and jack fruit alongside ice cream, so we couldn't resist the crispy, yet sweet dessert.
We also had to try cassava cake, which is a recipe of the owner's mother.
Yum!
We were welcomed and treated like family, ate a delicious, affordable, home cooked meal, and left with a renewed faith in service after visiting Cafe de Cebu instead of a big chain.
Support local and enjoy this dining adventure!

I gave this place a 4 star because their  Ngo-hiong Lumpia ( Egg Rolls) was delicious and reminded a lot like home, Cebu, Philippines.
This restaurant has all the native foods of cebu.
For you all non cebuanos you will definitely love this type of food.
As for me a native from the beautiful island, i can definitely taste a huge difference.
For those of you who are use to the authentic island flavors do not expect it to taste the same.
I ordered the Grilled pork belly with rice and i was disappointed.
The meat was too tough and the price was a bit expensive for the portion you get.
I also ordered the Ngo-Hiong- Lumpia ( Egg Rolls), this was the best dish i ordered from here and still a bit expensive.
I am still going to try the other dishes even thou it's a bit pricey.
In reality this place is rated  a 3 start but decided to give them a 4 because i want to promote this restaurant and show the las vegas people the types of foods the island of Cebu has to offer.
Stay tuned for an update review.. will go back to try the other entree!

Too pricey for a small portion of food...specially their rice toppings.

Try the authentic ngohiong!!

So this is really a rounded up 3.5 star review.
Let me start with the lechon is probably the best I've had in Vegas....better than Salo Salo, Goldilocks, etc.
I love pork and this pork is moist and flavorful with a crispy skin.
At some other restaurants it can end up more like pork jerky...and being a fan of the Chinese style roast pork...this lechon is comparable.
So why the 3.5 stars....the ngo-hiong lumpia just didn't seem crispy enough for an egg roll to me, the exterior was almost slightly chewy.
The filling also wasn't meaty enough for me, I guess I'm too use to shanghai lumpia.
Also they have calamansi juice and mango juice...I'm in love with calamansi!
So the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating, however seeing as we were only 1 of 2 tables...they should not have left out an item in our order.
Not until I reminded them did they go and check on the pancit we ordered....only to realize the order was not placed.
We didn't receive the order until the end of our meal.
The pancit was mediocre at best when it arrived.
The staff was very accommodating, they offered us free mango juice due to their mistake....a nice gesture.
However, what the fiancee really wanted was additional calamansi juice and they had run out =(.
The second table wanted mango juice, and I noticed they sent someone out to actually go pick some up.....The decor is simple, and they have a patio eating area in the works.
They have some kinks to work out since they are fairly new, but I would come back here for some lechon.

The best cebuano food by far...
Loved the lechon, bbq pork.
Service was good and fast.
yummy...

HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013- Contender #3  After a fabulous UYE at Novecento Pizza with some of the Yelp family, Mel and I headed over to the Goldilocks off of the 215 and Decatur for the next halo-halo in line for our challenge only to find that....Goldilocks there is closed.
Ugh.
Nothing like driving around in 103 degree heat in search of an icy dessert.
So, upon Cathy C.'s prevous suggestion, we backtracked and ended up at Cafe de Cebu.
Another Filipino restaurant that I've never been to, this is a small space which looks like it used to be a little pizza place.
The server was very friendly and after we placed our order, she asked us both if we were Filipino.
We both replied in the affirmative and then she asked me if I was full, as in, full Filipino?
Uh, yes, I am--all the way full.
This happens to me all the time from other Pinoys, but it's the first time one of the contenders has asked me.
I'm going to keep track just for kicks.
On to the halo-halo:  Cafe de Cebu's version has peaches, ube ice cream, corn,  Frosted Flakes (the cereal), gelatin, langka, jam, coconut, and a couple of small pieces of leche flan.
First contender to be served in a nice glass bowl.
$4.99.
Still no  ube here.
No red beans or white beans.
First time to have halo-halo with corn and Frosted Flakes; different for sure.
This is Cebuan halo-halo, eh?
I liked it, Mel was not a fan of the corn, but I couldn't really taste it that much.
I'd like to go back and try some of the food; they have something called Chicken Skin BBQ on the menu!
For the record, I'm doing the odd number reviews, and Mel's doing the evens--we're going to stop at ten so we don't develop Type 2 Diabetes:    Halo-Halo Contender #1:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw  Halo-Halo Contender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA

The one & only, THE BEST Cebuano flavor in Las Vegas!!!
Everything about this resto is just kick-ass!!!
The food--to die for, the staff---super warm & courteous, the atmosphere--- keepin-it-real & always-cool Bisaya vibe!!!
I will always come back for more!!!

For a place that's been open for only a couple of weeks, it surprisingly had no teething problems - service was excellent, the food was delicious - the only problem being that you want to try everything on the menu, but that's just not possible.
The lechon skin could have been crispier, but the flavor more than made up for it.
The grilled chicken skin takes some getting used to - as it's not charred and crunchy.
The kangkong was excellent, I recommend you order the large plate.
The pork barbecue was one of the best I've ever tried, and they don't even specialize in it.
The "ngoh hiang" was pretty good too, and so was the fried kangkong.
Next up on our to-try list - is the grilled pork belly and the bibingka.
Price is reasonable - we paid $50 for all of the items above, plus drinks, rice and two desserts, and we even had some food to take home.

went to Vegas last weekend .. and wanted to get some good food off the strip .... away from the sodium compressed and overpriced buffet's I saw this place on YELP and great reviews from other YELPERS... Food was AWESOME!
It's a different type Filipino food this focuses more on a "Cebuano" cooking style.. i recommend the pork topping rice thingy ma jig and the crispy egg rolls , this is not your typical Mr. Moo-shoo 1-egg-roll with your 2 item meal kinda dish...  Its delish and something different... cant wait for my next trip back here!
5 stars for:    1) ambiance  2) quality 3) cost  4) service   good job Cafe de Cebu!

I would like to complement them for saving me money just to remember the taste of Cebu.
Ngoyong / Steam Fried Rice / Cebuano Lechon.
We all know coming to Las Vegas, no matter what US cities you are coming from, packaging hotel room and air fair is cheap.
Going back to Cebu gets expensive every year.
Bisdak gyud kaayo!!

I had been craving for Filipino food for so long, so my bf took me to this place when I went and visited him in Vegas.
The servers were very nice and attentive.
And the food was really good.
We had the bangus and liempo with garlic rice.
Just classic Filipino food that I've been missing.
I like that the café wasn't overly done with décor... but they could make it bigger though.
I think they had to turn away two groups of diners because there weren't any tables available at that time.

Id recommend this cafe to everyone..  You cant go wrong with their service and food.
As i am writing this, i am here eating with my wife.
The only thing i dont like here is the place is too small.
Alright gota go enjoy my food.

Heard some good things about the food and decided to stop by after church to grab some takeout.
Service was very good!
I was immediately greeted by a server and was offered a menu as well as a seat to place my order.
I ordered a 1/2lb of lechon belly, 4 pieces of the bbq chicken skin and adobo kangkong for about $20.
While I was waiting, friendly staff offered me a glass of water.
Food was ready within 15 minutes.
Overall, the food was very tasty but only thing was I wished the skin on the lechon and bbq chicken skin was crispier.
In all fairness it could've gotten soggy while driving home and doing a 10 minute errand but don't know for sure.
Other than that, flavor profile on everything was good and will definitely try again!

2 things that make this restaurant deserving of the 5 stars that i gave... PORK STEAMED RICE and  NGOHIONG!!!
Back in college and my call center days in Cebu, these 2 are few of the things that makes Cebu one of the best city in the Philippines.. Cebu lechon is of course the best dish there but if you lived in Cebu for at least a month, these 2 are definitely right next to it... Come and try these...
I haven't even mentioned the lechon pork belly, humba, bbq pork/chicken/chicken skin, grilled pork belly and a lot more...
Thank God because of this, homesickness is not that severe anymore... LOL...

Awesome food and Service.
I'll definitely be back for more of the fresh lechon they cook in the back!

My family and I came here were recommended by a couple of family friends telling us how great the customer service is and how amazing the food is.
The food was okay, but I feel like I've had better.
Their famed Lechon was the dish that we were looking forward to eat, but when we got it, everything was basically fat.
There was no meat on the lechon pieces and the skin was soggy instead of crunchy.
Their pork belly slices were really dry and their barbeque was a rip off only because at other filipino restaurants, you can get more meat than you do here.
There's only like 3 pieces of meat on a skewer and or 3 skewers it would cost you $/7.99.
Take Fiesta Filipina, you can get at the least 8 meat pieces on the skewer and 3 skewers for under $7.00 with rice included.
Their Sabaw Manok was lacking in flavor.
And let's not even get into the halo-halo.
For the most part it was just corn, ice, small coconut shaving, jello (and I mean the american jello, not gulaman) and A LOT of frosted flakes everywhere.
Cafe de Cebu is pretty small compared to other restaurant and can hold at most 34 people while eating.
With this said, they really didn't have enough people on hand.
I think his name is Andy, and he's basically doing the job of four people while the girl behind the counter was playing with her smartphone during busy hour.
There were at least 2 tables that were empty of people but filled with dirty dishes, so she could have at least taken those plates away to get people seated.
We waited for at least 30 minutes while Andy was taking the orders of other, cleaning and clearing away the table, manning the cash register even though there was already someone there, and serving the food to the other customers, until we were seated it and it took Andy 20 to get our order and then another 30 waiting for our food, which in my opinion is too long.
Then said girl behind the cash register actually decided to help (finally) and kept mixing up our order with the other tables around us.
And since she didn't realize until they finally ate it, we were forced to wait even longer.
She didn't even say sorry or thank you for waiting.
Overall, it wasn't a pleasant experience and the only reason I'm giving it a 2 was because Andy is so hard working and is such a rockstar and so apologetic for all the mishaps.
Without him, this would have only been a one, so to Cafe de Cebu, you should be thankful you have him!

Came here on a weekday just to try out the new Filipino restaurant on the block.
Had 2 combo bowls which was a surprisingly SMALL bowl with rice, some pork, and gravy on top for 7.99 each.
It was the size of an appetizer.
Also had half an order of lechon which was a little on the oily side and had chunks of star anise which should've been taken out.
Nothing special to this restaurant.
Paid 30$ unsatisfied.

I've been around vegas to check on every Filipino restaurant.
Finally I found the nearest and the best one.
My husband is an American and he's very picky in terms of Filipino stuff.
But when he had the halo-halo, he was freaking out!
He loved it.
Thank you for the lechon.
My cravings are fulfilled.

HATE  Nothing.
DISLIKE  Some of the skin on the pork belly weren't crispy.
The bathroom was next to a messy, open storage room.
LIKE  The desserts.
The grilled boneless milkfish.
The fact they offered a different kind of Filipino food.
LOVE  The prompt, knowledgeable, and courteous service (especially from our server Tim).

I came in here weeks ago, and I had been putting off the review for this place... Because I kept forgetting.
But I got their lunch special..
Totally forgot how much it was (probably around $6), but it was grilled pork belly with one lumpia and a bowl of soup.
Oh!
And rice.
For the price you pay, I guess you do get what you pay for when you come here.
Although the pork belly was the bomb, they could've added more.
It was like they were super stingy about their servings.
I probably only got 10 small pieces of it :( The lumpia was alright.
I think you need to have an acquired taste to it because I didn't enjoy eating it.
This was my first time trying the lumpia out and mind you, my mother is Cebuana lol.
I'd want to bring my mom here since she has never been, but I'm not so sure if I'm willing to pay so much money if I'm not going to get a lot of food :/

Hands down!
The first filipino restaurant I've had where the food bring me back home to Philippines.
The staff was welcoming and very pleasant would definitely come back time and time again.
The lechon is so authentic so delicious and their homemade sauce is great too.
I wish thy had mango salad.
Mmmmmmm

Horrible place!
Came for dinner and ordered the Fried Tilapia and was told they where out.
Waitress suggested the Pinakbet and they ended up apologizing and gave me what looked like the remaining portion from the other day in a small bowl.
Again, the waitress had to apologize for the small portion and said but we're giving you the lumia rolls for free!
SMH!!!!
Basically I was fed scraps!!!!
I was so embarrassed that I wanted to just walk out but didn't.
I give this place a 1 star only because the waitress was cute and if she wasn't I certainly would've blew off my top which is a very rare sight.
Definitely not coming back there again....be forewarned!

Excellent, fresh Filipino food.
Order the Lechon Belly, Crispy Kang Kong and Egg Rolls

Best lechon in Vegas!
Great service & atmosphere, very authentic Philipino food.
The fried water spinach is amazing (kang kong).

I'm giving these guys the benefit of the doubt.
3.5 stars.
The only two plates I really pho'ks with is the Cebuano Lechon and their Ngo Hiong (egg roll).
Their lechon is made with Cebuano style herbs and spices.
Definitely different from the regular roasted lechon from the usual Flip restaurants.
You can taste the slow cooked indgredaments with every savory bite you take.
It was a great experience being able to taste a different style roast lechon but still tasting like lechon.
I could only eat a few pieces of the lechon here due to the saltiness, but it's a good saltiness.
I'm usually inhaling massive quantities of lechon and rice and my favorite lechon sauce... Mang Tomas, you my only friend!!!
You may have to ask for more sauce when you feed your face.
Since I can eat only a little of that succulent piece of heaven, their 1/4 elbow of lechon is perfect for me.
I don't feel too guilty after my feeding.
Their Ngo Hiong (egg roll) comes in second here.
Something different and tasty.
I remember dipping it in a vinegarish sauce for an appetizer.
Good and informative service.
Double the Mang Tomas yalls.
It's never enough.
One of many spots when I want to "Try It" instead of "Diet".
EYE LIKA!!

I have no complaints about food.
Really good!
The chef is super friendly!
I would just suggest that when the owners and his friends hangs out in the restaurant that it does not affect the service.
Few times I had a hard time getting anybody's attention because they were all busy talking to each other.
But it all worked out.
Definitely a place to check out while in town :)

OMG, I think I'm in Cebu.
The Lechon is like a party in your mouth, we also got some kaldirita that had a unique taste and finished with turon yummiest.
I can't wait to come back.
The ambiance is so smooth and the wait staff is very kind.
The prices are not bad also.
I will be back soon.

The food was great especially the lechon and the BBQ.
Excellent service and friendly staff.
No other place in Vegas compares, I would recommend to anyone looking for a great cebuano filipino meal.

We came here for lunch and try out their lechon belly and ngohiong.
We're Not from vegas so might as well try the lechon belly cebu.
We tried the whole lechon belly way back 3 months ago when we came to vegas.
This time we wanna try the restaurant itself.
It was kinda dissapointing, coz we were expecting the lechon belly to be hot when it serve.
But the meat was cold.
It was just like they just reheat the meat..
Very dissapointing..

this place rocks!
reminds me of neighborhood cafes and this place is one of them.
good food, great staff.

tagaan ni nako ug 5 star rating kay lami kaayo ang ilang lechon, ngoyong ug toron.
Bag-o pa ni ga abli dinhi sa las vegas maong wa pa kaayo nakahibaw.
ang lugar nila gamay pa sa karon.. Suwayi ninyo mga bizdak.....

Ngohiong, and  sabaw ng manok are so good.
A hole in the wall place, with great home made food.
We will definitely come back to this place when we are back in town.

I love this place!
The Lechon is to die for.
Too bad they dont have an LA branch.
I will definitely come back whenever im in Lost Vagus!
Their lumpia is to die for.

I've been craving for lechon for the longest time.
I found the 'little' cafe on yelp and decided to give in.
The place was simple decorated and very clean.
The staff was sooo nice, always had a smile and very accomodating.
I ordered a lb of lechon, kare-kare and isaw bbq off the lunch specials.
The servings were generous.
The kare-kare was awesome, lots of oxtail meat.
My daughter and I are used to having tripe on our kare-kare.
With their kare-kare, I was NOT disappointed at all.
Perfectly balanced flavor, fork tender meat and crisp vegetables, what more could I ask for?
The shrimp paste complemented the entree with its sweet, salty goodness!
The isaw bbq was great!
It's the best I've had in LV.
It was clean and the texture was amazing.
It looked like it was deep fried and coated with a thick pinoy style sweet spicy bbq sauce,  HEAVEN!
The lechon had great flavor.
I  could taste the lemongrass and pepper.
The best part about it was tge crispy skin!
The meat to fat ratio was just right.
Tge homemade lechon sauce reminded me of what my grandma used to make, YUMMY!
I would definitely come back, my daughter's already asking for isaw bbq!

One of the best filipino food here in vegas very unique... Food is Amazing nothing more to say..  Had to go back here twice in a week  .
VERY FRIENDLY staff and Chef.
Coming back and bringing my friends..

First of all the service really sucks.
The servers are more concerned of cleaning the tables rather than ensuring customer satisfaction (making sure your customers have plates and utensils).
They tried to serve us plates of cold rice twice.
I was really disappointed with the food.
The hype isnt real.
The kare-kare was too sweet and to me it tasted more like Mang Thomas lechon sauce.
The lechon really wasn't that good as they all say.
It was served cold and the skin wasnt even crunchy.
Overall I am giving this restaurant a one-star because they really need to improve on their customer service--my whole family was not happy at all.

Its very hard to find good filipino food in Las Vegas, this place does justice to the beloved Lechon with their homemade liver sauce.
As usual we pretty much ordered everything on the menu, from lechon sinigang, pinakbet, grilled milk fish, lechon, crispy kang kong, cebuano spring rolls and garlic fried rice.
We were ordering Kare Kare but ran out.
The service was exceptional and everything was made to order.
It's our new go to spot for Lechon.

So we went to check out  this place to see what the hype was all about.
It looked good and it was busy.
So I noticed our order had been sitting by the order window and no one still came to pick it up and serve it to us.
Then the garlic rice came, COLD and hardly a hint of any garlic taste.
Now I know what the other Yelper meant when she got served cold rice TWICE.
I should have sent ours back but the other items were already cold as well.
The owner needs to read into these Yelp complaints to provide better service.
I heard the server mention to newcomers what dishes were already out (Kare Kare and Pinakbet)  If you know these are popular , you should be able to make a lot.
We may go back to try the BBQ Chicken and more lechon but I would do take out and make my own garlic rice (full of garlic)

Interesting I think I got a reply from one of the servers telling me about their delivery not making it that is the reason why they run out of Kare Kare and what not.
Even if you don't have your delivery, you should know what is popular and have enough to last you when your delivery comes.
Any ways, it still doesn't explain the serving of COLD food.
Really?
Isn't there a health hazard of the temperature of foods.
The health department may need to be called on soon.

Ordered the chicken skin with garlic fried rice and a 1/2 lb.
of their "special" lechon, and I was not impressed.
Chicken skin came out really soggy.
I asked the server to throw it back on the grill to make it crispy and he did.
It was good, but too sweet.
Not something I'd bother ordering again, but if you do order it, ask for it crispy.
Garlic fried rice tasted like old rice from the bottom of the rice cooker.
It was hard, over cooked, had no garlic flavor, and was served to us cold.
Passssss!
Lechon was also served cold, with extra dry pieces, and no skin.
The table next to us ordered a 1lb.
serving and it looked completely different from what we got.
Their dish was nicely plated with an even ratio of skin to meat.
Anyway, not coming back.
Disappointed that our lechon looked and tasted like shit, and that our garlic fried rice tasted like it was left overs from the week before.
It would've been nice if I were served what everyone else on yelp got.
I'm completely turned off.
Side note- the free lumpia type thing they give for checking in was good, and their sauces are tasty too!

I went here really late at night with my family.
The guys were SO NICE as to let us in and to be their last customers for the night.
I would have to say that their customer service is pretty great.
The guys really know how to make the customers feel at home and at ease.
The ambiance is really nice too.
Although the place is a bit small.
That was the GREAT part.
The serving of the food for the price was very SMALL.
I ordered the "LARGE" Ginisang Kangkong and it was a small bowl and it was like $7.
I would have to say that it's great that they make the lechon right at their premises.
That was cool, but again, the serving/price ratio was very off.
The food was okay, it wasn't GREAT.
I was left sort of still hungry.
There were 9 of us and we paid about $140 and we were still left wanting.

Cebu lechon at its best.
Remains crunchy even after sitting on the kitchen counter for a couple of hours.
Other items in the menu are good as well.
Tried the pancit, pork belly bbq and the lumpia.
I am Tagalog so the food tastes different from what I grew up with.
But no complaints.
Will come here if I was in the area.

I have had this place on my Yelp bookmarks ever since this place opened up in Vegas about 9 months ago.
I finally got to try it recently!
Walking in the place is a small and quaint.
There are roughly less than 10 tables and they put together a couple for our party of 7.
When we first got there, we stood at the front for a couple minutes because there was no host to greet us or seat us.
It turns out only one guy was working that day.
He actually turned out to be a pretty pleasant and nice server.
I unfortunately did not catch his name but he was a young Filipino guy who was very accommodating and friendly).
This place is not a turo-turo where items are already cooked and you just choose.
Each dish is freshly prepared and cooked after you order.
We ordered the following: Chop suey (mixed vegetables): $7.99 (on the special menu that day) Caldereta (beef dish): $11.99 (on the special menu that day) Sugpa liempo (pork belly slices): $12.99 (family size)  Pancit bam-i (noodles): $9.99 (family size)  Boneless bangus (milkfish): $12.99 Ngo-Yong (egg roll): free with yelp check-in  Each dish came with 1 scoop of rice  Although we ordered the family size portions, many of the dishes could also be ordered solo size for a smaller portion.
From what we ordered, taste wise I liked the Ngo-Yong eggroll (crispy and delicious), sugpa liempo (flavorful and tender pork belly) and the pancit-bami (good mix of noodles).
Portion wise some dishes like the Caldereta and the chop suey were small.
I thought these were a little pricey for what we got.
I also wished the Ngo-Yong egg roll was bigger.
It was small and I left wanting more of it because it was that good!
The best value were the pancit bam-i and sugpa liempo.
One thing to note when paying is that for parties of 6 or more they add 18% gratuity automatically to your meal.
Overall, I really enjoyed the food here!
It was delicious!
That Ngo-Yong egg roll is my new favorite.
I am very happy to have another place for authentic Filipino eats in Vegas!

Can't say enough about how good Alex Bunye's new Pinoy resto is.
It's - rightfully - famous for its Lechon, but every other dish we had was just as delicious , and obviously prepared by someone with a love for his home cuisine.
Highlights for me were the crispy Kang Kong (fried water spinach) that might be the ultimate bar snack - would be perfect with cold San Mig Light - as well as the Lechon Paksiw: BBQ pork simmered in Lechon sauce and spices ...
Perfect comfort food over garlic rice.
What also struck me was how Alex's recipes (some his, some Mama's) managed to keep the flavors integrated but still distinct.
Many Pinoy dishes - especially when made adobo style - become uniform with single note flavors.
Alex somehow solves this so that all the key flavors remain.
If you ask him how he does this, I'm sure he'll distract you with a warm smile and then ask what flavor halo halo you'd like ;-)

Went there based on the reviews.
Was not impressed at all.
Ordered the Pancit (sp?
) and the grilled milk fish.
The portions were generous.
The presentation was nice.
The price was very reasonable.
However, the taste was very bland to say the least.
The fish tasted like they just threw it on the grill.
The pancit noodles were ... just noodles with vegetables.
I can't recommend this place at all.
I'll keep searching for a Las Vegas are  Filipino spot that I can.

Food was excellent.
Fresh.
Great service.
Nice to see some awesome food on our stay.
A little far from the strip but was worth the taxi ride.
They have some great sauces to mix the perfect ingredients for dipping your meat.

I came here on a Sunday around noon with three others for a lunch.
We all originally stopped at Babystacks Café down the street, but it was too busy and I didn't want to wait for over an hour.
Plus, I had been eyeing this place for sometime.
We ordered a variety of items, including chicken barbecue on a stick, kare-kare, sugba liempo (grilled pork belly), lechon de Cebu, and bagoong fried rice.
The chicken barbecue on a stick was good, but I think I have had better.
You definitely want to get more than a pound of the lechon de Cebu!
It was crispy and just right!
The bagoong friend rice was something new for me and you will get a very large helping; it's great for sharing.
The kare-kare was comparable to what Mom makes at home so it gets a thumbs up from me.
Overall, the food items we ordered were very delicious and tasted authentically Filipino.
They also tasted freshly made and I think they were considering we waited some time.
We ordered two halo-halo's for dessert.
It was very good except for the one small scoop of ube ice cream on top, which should've been two scoops since these were $6/each.
Mango ice cream was also an option for the halo-halo instead of ube.
There was a slideshow on the mounted TV that reminded me of Philippines and made me miss it.
It brought up memories and we had lots to talk about while waiting for our food.
Michael, our server, was very nice.
He was attentive and even introduced us to the chef, Alex.
Everyone that I came with raved about how delicious this place was.
My fiancé, who is not Filipino, said it was the best Filipino restaurant he had been to and he is looking forward to coming back.
I can't wait either!

The lechon needs more flavor and the skin was a bit chewy, not crunchy like what I'm use to having.
My best dishes were the kang kong with steam rice, ngo-yong and halo-halo.
Maybe I will give it another try the next time I'm in Vegas.

My friend wanted to eat palabok and we didn't know where to go.
DT's palabok was watery so we were not gong to go there.
So I quickly yelped and chose Café de Cebu.
The restaurant was very clean, the guy that worked there was super friendly and helpful.
There is also a check-in yelp offer...a free egg roll!
Both my friend and I got the lunch special for $6.50.
She got the bbq pork and I got the chicken skin.
They were skewered.
Our lunch came with an eggroll and a bowl of soup and rice.
I don't discriminate again any kinds of egg rolls (Vietnamese, Chinese, Lumpia), but this eggroll is the most different I have tasted yet.
Instead of the typical eggroll wrapper, it was rolled and dipped in flour before frying?
I am not sure, but it was too strange for my taste.
I passed up on free egg roll offer, and knowing me, I don't normally pass up on anything free.
I liked my friend's bbq pork.
My chicken skin, though it was crispy on the outside, it was soggy where it was skewered.
The sauce on it was not for me.
I ordered a halo halo to go.
After I placed my order, I saw a picture of it on the tv, there was chocolate sauce on it....I quickly stopped the friendly guy and confirmed that they put choco sauce on it.
I requested to hold the choco sauce.
Wow...I didn't know Cebuan Halo Halo is different than that of the other Filipino restaurant that I have gone to.
This halo halo doesn't have beans either.
There was a lot of jelly and macapuno.
I think I like the typical halo halo more.
For now, I will rate it A-OK.
But, I am planning to give it another try.
Service was really good.

The food was awesome, the staff as very friendly.
It made me miss the Philippines.
Superb lechon!!
If you go to Vegas, this place is a must on the list of places to eat at.

Great food!
Their Lechon has the authentic Cebu taste!

Awesome pinoy spot!
Came here 30 mins before closing time but they still welcomed us with a big smile,w/c was a surprise to me coz normally,servers would normally make faces when customers come few mins before closing.
Michael,our server was super nice and attentive.
Took good care of us and made us feel comfortable immediately.
Food was super good as advertised.
Bumping off one star coz they ran out of they superstar dish which was the cebu lechon belly.
Bummer!
Will reserve the other star once we get to taste their signature dish.
Will definitely be back for that lechon belly.
Until then,4 stars is generously enough.

ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW :  Lechon Belly de Cebu ($8 per 1/2lb): Slow Roasted & Seasoned Boneless Pork Belly.
THIS WAS AWESOME!
Extremely flavorful, with a very thin and crispy skin.
My mouth waters thinking about it!
Seriously, order this!
They must smoke this thing for hours!!
Ok, now that we have that outta the way, how was the rest of the food??
Sinigang Na Lechon ($8.99).
Essentially a Sweet and Sour Pork Soup.
The soup broth was far too SOUR for my tastes and very little broth was eaten personally.
The Pork was good though, very tender and flavorful, although this particular dish is just not for me.
We added the Garlic Rice ($1 add).
Good version here...garlic rice is my favorite!
WELL worth the extra buck!
Halo Halo ($5.99).
Good version and large size, but it's on the "ICY" end.
Ube is my favorite ice cream though :)  Turon with Ube Ice Cream ($3.99).
This was great!
The turon comes out piping HOT and melts the ice cream on top...very good!
FYI, they do NOT serve ice water here...we ordered the Coconut Juice...sweet enough for my tastes and comes in a large can.
I'll be back for MORE Lechon Belly de Cebu!!

I came here for the lechon.
And they've run out?
So we went to Salo Salo Grill instead.
We should just stayed because we ordered all this food at Salo Salo Grill and it had hair in it.
So next time we'll just call ahead to see if they have lechon before coming.

Good service.
Pretty good food.
Clean and small.
It's hidden so it can easily be  missed.
Small simple menu.
I'm not huge into Filipino food because its heavy and makes me feel sluggish but out of many places in Vegas this place is definitely one of the better ones and the staff make you feel like they appreciate your business.
Hopefully they do well.

Great customer service!
It's a small place but clean.We went there as a party of five and food was awesome!
Kare-Kare, Bulalo, Lechon, Fried Squid, and Adobo Rice.
The best!

although the customer service was superb, i went to cafe de cebu for what they are known for--the lechon that is supposed to be unlike any other, which was an ultimate failure, unfortunately.
the lechon was way too salty!
the only thing i enjoyed was the crispy lechon skin.
they had also advertised the kikiam plate as today's special: tasted nothing like any kikiam i had ever eaten, it was almost inedible.
$7.99 down the drain.
got overly excited about the isaw, which tasted sooo sweet it could pass as dessert!
boooo!
so there go my 30 hard-earned dollars.
i left the restaurant unsatisfied, vowing never to come back.
i am sorry, cafe de cebu, i was really hoping for some great food, and you did not deliver.

I got so excited when i learned about this place because I wanted to try the Cebu lechon.
So when we arrived in Las Vegas, we headed straight to Cafe de Cebu even before checking-in in our hotel.
Our party of four ordered sabaw manok ($6.99), a pound of lechon ($15), sugba liempo ($12.99), bagyo beans with pork ($7.99), rice($1.25), 2 canned soda ($4), turon ($2.50), and cheesecake ($2).
We also received a piece of free ngoyong as part of yelp check-in promo.
Of all the items we ordered, my favorites were the sugba liempo and bagyo beans.
I did not like the lechon at all because I found it too salty.
I didn't like the ngoyong either; it's a good thing I didn't have to pay for it.
Service was friendly, wait time was reasonable.
We spent $57 excluding tip.
I thought the Cebu lechon would set it apart from the other Filipino restaurants I've been to, I guess I was wrong.

I actually wasn't going to review this place because I'm not a huge fan of 3-star reviews, but I was so jealous when I saw what other Yelpers were served.
I only came here because it was the closest place to me that served ube ice cream and my girlfriend was having a huge halo halo craving.
So we called in and asked for halo halo with ube ice cream and turon.
My girlfriend did not really enjoy either items we got and I tried to explain "maybe you just don't prefer the flavors of Cebu?
" But after seeing the Yelp pictures, I can tell my dessert got half-assed.
First off, my turon was not even fried to a golden brown color, it was still pretty yellowish in color on top of that, it didn't even have any honey/simple syrup to sweeten it.
However, I do give props that they do not just use regular old bananas, but a specific tropical banana which I don't know the name of.
As for the halo halo, I thought it was so-so.
We did not get the ube ice cream my girlfriend was craving even though we ordered it and did not tell us they discontinued it.
I also wasn't a huge fan of the frosted flakes, although they do make sense since they add crunch and sweetness to the desert.
It was just simply not my cup of tea.
Although the deserts that I ordered did not blow me away and actually left me somewhat disappointed, I do have to give props for the creativity and uniqueness of the flavors I tried and the overall service was not too bad.
I might give this place another try for lunch, but definitely not for a sweets run.

Had the straight up pork and also the pork in blood.
Both were excellent.
Place was clean and staff was super friendly.

This was our first time eating food from the Philippines, so we didnt know what to expect.
But it was all great.
Definitely recommend you checking it out.
We built a meal that we shared with Lechon, the pork belly and Pancit Bam, a noodle dish.
I loved the Lechon, and my wife couldn't stop raving about it.
The crispy skin was a little too hard for me but I guess that's the style.
The Pancit Bam was good, a blend of noodles veggies and meat.
Sort of like a yakisoba.
Want to try chicken or beef next.

We won't mind eating here everyday.
They're that good!
We're excited to get our bagoong rice!
Yummm!

Being a true blue cebuano i didnt really expect this place would pop up  after typing ngo hiong .
being bored and  after a long  night of gambling and drinking  i craved for ngo hiong and lechon .
I could say this is as authentic tasting as it gets here in the US of A.
And being from san jose ca  i might have to make travel plans to vegas as often as i could.

Café de Cebu is a quaint Filipino joint with awesome service.
We enjoyed the crispy kangkong (which uses a narrow version called onchoy) and the very tasty herbed lechon (roasted pork belly).
The authentic cebu version does not serve it with liver sauce but they serve their own homemade version here.
It's... quite potent if you are used to the sweet Mang Tomas bottle or not used to liver at all.
I preferred eating their lechon with their concoction of pinakurat vinegar.
The bbq had good sauce, but I wish the meat had been marinated more.
Without the glaze, it was quite bland.
And the halu-halo is an Americanized version of the Filipino dessert.
Doesn't quite hit the spot.
I also dunno if it was an off day for them but the leche flan was hard.
Quite terrible.
I should've asked for a refund but service was just so charming.
I wish they would improve on this.
5 stars for service.
4 stars for the main attraction lechon.
And 3 stars for the rest of the items we've tried.

First time dinning here with the whole family.. i must say the Lechon is on point so does the Crispy Kangkong.
The wife and kids loves the kare-kare and of course the lechon.
we definitely going to go back here and enjoy a relaxing night out.
And yes the ambience and atmosphere here is very relaxing.

We were looking for some good Filipino food as soon as we arrived!
Search google and Cafe De Cebu popped up.
We checked yelp to see what they have.
Their specialty was ngoyong and lechon belly!
if you're from Cebu or had been to Cebu and loved the food!
Then you gonna love this place.
I wish their rice could have been Puso though.
That would have been really nice.
Make sure to try their lechon and ngoyong.
The STAFF are awesome!
You won't be disappointed.
I love the bbq chicken skin too.

They have a monthly fixed price dinner coming up and I wanted to try them out for lunch before I committed.
Prices are a little high for one person for lunch as each item is ala carte but plenty for two or more to share (with leftovers).
Had the BBQ pork, very moist and delicious sauce.
Also had the house specialty fried rice with Lechon.
Both the rice and the Lechon were good but a little dry-maybe using leftovers?
Be prepared to wait as the food took a while to come out, that may have been a one off though.
I think I'll pass on the monthly dinner but would go back for lunch.

The food are super good especially the ones that hard to find food...
Very unique flavoring food and very affordable!!!
Must try this place when you guys visit Las vegas..

Had the Cafe Cebu fried rice, sinigang, free egg roll for checking in ;-) and the banana fritters.
Everything was on point!
But I'd skip the egg rolls unless they're free of course LOL.
I've eaten at most Filipino places in the southwest and this is definitely the best.

