You know how sometimes you REALLY want to like a restaurant, even before going there?
That's how I felt about the Mesquite Grille, since it's located about 2 minutes from our home here at McDowell Mountain Ranch.
Walking in the door the setting was upscale comfortable and quiet.
A TV was showing soccer over the bar, and we opted for the booths (the place was nearly empty on a Tuesday night).
For the appetizer, I had the iceberg wedge, as this is one of my favorite salads, however, this had to be one of the smallest wedges I've seen.
It was topped with a blue cheese dressing, blue cheese crumbles, and two small tomato wedges, a very austere version compared to other versions I've had.
This was followed by the green pork chile taco entree.
Despite coming to the table on a hot plate, in a small, hot metal kettle, the chile itself was surprisingly only mildly warm.
This could be overlooked, but it was about as bland as food as I've ever eaten.
I ate it straight out of the kettle, and it was like eating... nothing.
The chile was supplemented by three soft tacos, cabbage, and salsa for toppings.
A very forgettable meal.
On a more positive note, though, the taco entree came with a side order of french fries (?
), an unusual combination, but the fries were hot and crunchy.
Yum!
I may go back again in a while, but my hopes for a close-by neighborhood eatery were dashed with my first visit.
Sigh.

We decided to get a bite to eat after golf and since this is in my neighborhood was hoping for it to be good.
They seemed understaffed.
I ordered the chicken sAlad with Raspberry Viniagrette.
The salad came with ice berg lettuce, was overly dressed and had dark chicken (grilled) on it.
It was not very good.
My husband ordered a hot dog and fries.
He said the hot dog was good, and fries fine.
But when the bill came we were charged $7 for the hot dog and another $6 for the fries.
My salad was $8.
I hope they are working on something because it was not a good experience and sad we only have the Twisted Lizzard to eat at locally.

Food isn't great but the setting is!
Beautiful views of sunset mountain and city.

The Mesquite Grille is the restaurant at the McDowell Mountain Ranch Golf Course.
My husband and I stopped by for lunch on a Thursday recently and were pleasantly surprised.
The main entrance is a humungous wooden door that is beautiful and surprisingly not heavy.
The inside is decorated with other wooden accents and looks how I would imagine a golf club restaurant to look.
Swanky yet down to earth with some Sonoran touches.
Since it was a beautiful fall afternoon, we choose to sit on the patio where we were able to overlook the greens and watch golfers practice their swing.
Our waitress was quick to arrive and take our drink orders.
The menu is on the simple side and nothing too fancy.
My husband opted to go with their burger and onion rings.
The waitress advised that they weren't traditional onion rings so much as a shoestring version.
I ordered the mahi mahi tacos and asked if the regular fries or sweet potato fries were better.
The waitress said both were good and offered to do a split of both.
That sounded good so I agreed.
We didn't have to wait very long for our food, it arrived rather quickly.
My husband enjoyed his burger and the onion "rings" were good as well.
They were thicker than shoestring, but not traditional rings - more like half rings and plenty of them.
My tacos were outstanding.
They came with a side of guacamole and salsa, so I could top them as I pleased.
The mahi mahi was delicious and seasoned well.
Even my husband was a little jealous.
The sweet potato fries were much better than the regular fries - the regular fries were thick cut and not very crispy.
(If you've read any of my previous reviews, you'll know I'm a stickler on French fries and how I like mine.
)   Overall, it was an enjoyable lunch.
The food and service were good, the patio was nice to sit at, and best of all, the restaurant is really close to both work and home.
We'll definitely be back.

I went to the Mesquite grille on monday night and was very pleasantly surprised.
I took my wife and two kids.
The service was excellent, the food was great and the ambiance was spectacular.
We have been here before and the service wasn't great but we decided since we live in the community to give it another try.
I am glad we did.
We will definitely be back.

The food is quite good here but the service is terrible.
The servers are nice but they are way understaffed in the kitchen and on the floor.
45+ minute waits once you've ordered are more the norm than the exception.
It's a shame the service and overall restaurant management is so poor because we like the food.
Today is especially bad which is surprising since it's not too busy.
We've waited over 45 minutes with no food in site.
Our kids are getting restless so we've decide to get up and leave hungry and frustrated.
Hopefully they read these reviews and get their act together.
Understaffed and slow seem to be a common theme.

This place is AMAZING!
The BEST sunset view in North Scottsdale!
Great food and great wine!
Jamie and Austin are the BOMB!!
If you have never been here....what are you waiting for....go!

On this occasion the food was mediocre and the service was slow.
I do like the ambience here but it was a little frustrating today!

Great atmosphere and loved the live music on Sunday nights.
Got the chicken pot pie and a large salad.
The pie was good-- much different than expected.
The salad was uninspired and not great.
Love the location and hope the food keeps getting better.

Outstanding halibut special last night!
Very tender cut perfectly grilled.
I would have given 5 stars but it needed something else besides 5 very small spears of asparagus on the side.
Knowledgable wait staff.
I took a friend visiting from Kansas City to enjoy the beautiful patio view looking out over the city lights.
This has to be one of the best patio views in North Scottsdale.
Very talented vocalist playing acoustic guitar.
A lovely way to spend a relaxing evening.
A best kept secret, but please share!

What a spectacular view, beautiful patio with a wonderful fireplace.
Service was great could not have been treated any better, great wine selection and with 1/2 bottles on Saturday nights makes it even better.
The menu selection has great verity, I really enjoyed the Sun Devil Salad and the Fish tacos are wonderful.

Went for Mothers Day brunch ... AMAZING view, great food, good service.
I can't wait to return!

WOW.
What a great experience!
We came in on a Sunday evening to experience ALL-DAY Happy Hour, Live Music from the incredible Ryan Sims, and one of the most beautiful views in Scottsdale.
The food and drinks were outstanding, as was the service.
I can't wait to return for another night of music at sunset.

The view is amazing!
The food was great as was service.
Took my mother-in-law who also enjoyed it.
We had lunch - my chicken wrap was great as we're the sweet pot fries.
I've also enjoyed their appetizers and wine.
Overall - good experience.

