Really good food and a great selection of beers!
Usually really crowded but you have to expect that going to a baseball game!!
Roman is the nicest and coolest guy there!!
We really had a great time!

Was excited to try the new menu at "Game 7".
4 of us got there at 11:15 for a 1:05 game on a Sunday.....
Restaurant was definately NOT full.
A hostess sat us and did not leave menu's.
The manager/general manager (short haired guy running around with NO customer service skills) almost threw us out because we were sitting without menus in front of us and thought we "snuck" in.
I pointed to the front hostess stand and explained he should be talking to the hostess instead of making my group feel like criminals for sitting there.
We were hungry otherwise that would of been the end of that.
The  tables that were available were outside... We started with a table in the shade, but after a 1:45 minute meal we were in DIRECT sunlight.
by the end....Umbrellas would have been a nice touch...especially in AZ.
The people at the BENCH next to us had an issue with the red bench paint transferring to their clothes.
This same manager explained that he does not MAKE the benches, he runs a restaurant.
Our table, their table and other tables in earshot could not believe the explanation he was giving them.
To his credit he discounted their bill, but definitely made an uncomfortable situation worse.......AGAIN    All business' have problems.
It is how a business HANDLES the problems.
This manager , face of the business, better have his days numbered as the food was not bad.
There will always be one extra table available IF you go to this place as I will not be back...Thank the management for that......

Decided to try this place after looking at the menu online and watching the clip about it during a Dbacks game onTV.
Will not go back!
FIrst off, there is little seating unless you have a RESERVATION!
Many available tables to the left of the entrance for reservations, but for folks without a reservation tables were to the right side.
Our choices were inside where there was a bar and about 15 tables (all full) , or outside where there were about 5 tables and some red picnic tables lined up.
The picnic tables were so close together some were difficult to get between and were filthy!
Plus, the red seemed to rub off on clothes and shoes.
Now we could deal with all that seeing as the place is right outside the stadium.
So we found a table and tried to order food.
We had to ask around to find how to do that- then be self-sufficient in the process!
We had to go to the hostess station for a menu, and then go inside to the bar to order and pay.
They did ask where we were sitting, brought it out when it was done and waiters appeared once the order was up to bring the food and condiments.
Food was just OK-   The real kicker for us was that the prices on the menu for food and beer were not what  we were charged.
Our hamburger was listed at 10.95 but we were charged 11.95- not a huge difference but still annoying.
The real difference came in the beer.
Beers listed on the menu as $5-$6 were actually $7-$8 when you got them!
Again not a big deal seeing as we were so close to the stadium, but still annoying.
Why print a menu price if it's not correct???
If the tables had been clean, the place more organized, and the menu pricing reflecting the actual prices- the whole experience would have been different for us.
The place is convenient if you are meeting someone before a game, but I can honestly say we will not be returning!

I miss Sliders.
You walk in here and "the right side of the restaurant is open seating, but you can't order from the menu"  the left side of the restaurant is for seating and eating??
Annoying.
This is not the same "Pre-game" spot it used to be.
$16.00 for a hamburger?
Served in a metal "tub"?
I opted for the Brisket Sandwich and the brisket was beyond over cooked and DRY!
I mean it was chewy and tough.
The fries were soggy and not good at all.
My friend ordered the pulled pork potato skins and they were the size of a teeny tiny potato...one that had probably been grown in Smurf village...I mean they were tiny.
For a pre-game spot that is literally a stone's throw from the ballpark...this place is ridiculously overpriced and not at all the fun hang out it used to be.
Yes, when I say over priced for where it is and what it is for....I mean over priced.
The quality of food has gone down.
Not to mention, my beer was not very cold at all!
I would have given it two stars, but the service was very friendly and very helpful.
Need to find a new place to hang out before the game!

This place has horrible food.
I am sorry.
It really isn't that good.
Nothing we sampled was worth writing about, the pulled pork was dry, the loaded potato skins were wet (oily) and the pretzel cheese was tasty but so runny it wouldn't stay on the pretzels - which weren't that good themselves.
The three stars are for the following:  Live Music - the Stage is perfect, and the location is so fun, and the band they had (The Hamptons Band) was excellent.
It was so fun outside and everyone was dancing and clapping and drinking (and trying to smoke...but getting busted!
LOL!
No smoking on the patio on either side!
)  Stephanies - Both of them are amazing and they both worked really hard to help us all day.
They are a great team.
The service and management there is really quite good.
They were running out of everything in sight (ketchup, soda, ice, etc.
) and they worked hard to please.
I was there for a while, so I saw how hard they worked!
The Apple Pie Dessert Thing - Too good...so good!
Like a big chewy turnover with apples and chewy yummy crust!
Vanilla bean ice cream with caramel drizzled over it.
YUMMMY  It's hard to avoid this place if you like baseball, so go after the game for a drink and yummy apple stuff.
And, hopefully there will be fun music!
:-)

Terrible service.
Will have to go to a better bar before attending any games.

As many people probably do, we stopped here before a Reds vs Diamondbacks baseball game.
My brother and I originally rolled over to the patio by the bar and grabbed a drink and sat down.
Live music?
Cool.
Sitting down it as loud as fawk!
We moved over to the other side and waited on friends to come.
Our friends came and it took forever for a server to come over.
I know they are busy, and we were way early specifically there to drink before going in... so no big deal... still a bit annoying though.
Once served, she came around more often.
Good!
We were thirsty!
Food was good.
I woofed it all down, plus some of my brother's nachos.

Pros: Right next to Chase, they have beer.
Cons: Atmosphere is super lame, not as hip as Slider's was.
It's more like going to a Chili's rather than a cool sports bar, hard to get pumped for the game there.
The beer selection is limited, that's fine I usually drink domestics at sporting events.
Wont find a IPA or a STOUT here though.
Staff is friendly but lacking enthusiasm.
The old school Slider's Shot Girls and Beer Girls were much quicker and easier to order from (no waiting for you drink to arrive).
Live music is okay but might be better post-game.
The crowd seems to respond better to newer music to get pumped/ excited.
Food is fine, I had the nachoes there once, a lil' over priced but that's cause of the location.
I save my money for $1.50 dogs inside Chase.
my summary: I would give GAME 7 one star but the fact that it's close to the Field and they serve beer is the only thing saving them.
BRING BACK SLIDER'S

Extremely disappointed with the new game 7 apparently the owners wanted a more family themed bar/restaurant which I can understand for pregame and change to menu looks good although I did not get any food.
The fun ways of the old beer girls outside with a big crowd of fun is over no drink specials except for Sunday day games supposedly and drinks after the game forget about it since they close at 11 lame but they're loss in revenue, went to Coaches Corner right across the street from game 7 for after game fun and great drink specials.
Bring back Sliders I always went there before and after games will not return.

I noticed that there were a few positive reviews towards the end.They must be paid shills.
This place is now so different than before with the rules of "you can't sit here and just order drinks outside in the hot sun unless you have a food order" And then they have all these military style thugs breathing down your neck all the time.
They must have a lot of people leave without paying.I never ordered from this despicable crappy place because I hate the atmosphere.
Very few people go in there anymore because it is so Nazi.

Staff is horrible.
Got an eye roll from the bartender when I ordered iced tea.
Actually, it was more of a snarl.
Got a highball glass full of ice with about 3 ounces of tea.
We got moved from a corner where we weren't in anyone's way to a through way where tons of people needed to get by.
1st and last time I go in there!

I go here often because it's a convenient spot to meet up before the game, but after they treated my friends and I so rudely this past weekend I'll never bother again.
We grabbed a beer at the bar in the back because it was less crowded and we were standing in a corner and in front of the stairs that were blocked off from public access anyway but we got yelled at (and I literally mean yelled at) to move because that area wasn't for standing room.
(Like I said, I go often and we actually always stand on that side of the bar and it's always pretty crowded so I don't even think that's a rule.
) So, we moved to the other bar and another guy came over and yelled at us AGAIN!
Apparently we were still in the way.
We actually tried to ask him where standing room was but he interrupted us and said either get out of the way and go outside.
He was treating a group of 30ish year olds who were half a beer in like we were rowdy college kids causing a scene!
It was really obnoxious.
I don't think I can bring myself to give money when they treated us like they didn't even want us there.

Nice little bar next to the baseball stadium in Phoenix.
I stopped in here to have a beer before the game and was seated immediately.
It got pretty busy and noisy inside and some people were standing right behind me talking quite loudly.
Otherwise, service was fast and speedy despite the crowd.
Got a nice cider in a glass for $5 and savored it down.

Don't usually go to the bars around the ballpark.
I have never been impressed with the food or prices.
But we found ourselves at the ballpark early last weekend.
And decided to go in at least to get out of the heat.
I found they have a nice selection of beers on tap including a favorite Cider that I enjoy.
They also had a nice selection of appetizers.
Theme of the menu revolved around pulled pork items along with the normal burgers and sandwiches.
We had the potato skins with pulled pork and a couple of drinks.
Was very pleased as it started the day off.
Will consider this location again for full meal alternatives before game time!

I love a well placed, fun sports bar to go to before the game that day.
When its well run, there is nothing better.
When its poorly managed, it has "Meh" written all over it.
Lets turn double play and discuss Game Seven:  ~Fud/Drink~ I must admit, I did not try food when I went.
Reason being, it was pretty expensive, and I had already stretched the ol' budget for the tickets I got.
I saw some people's items, and yes it does beat what you get in the stadium, but just by a little.
Quality is that of a normal sports bar.
I have seen much better.
As for drinks, wow, so priced up.
I get it, I do.
They have to to make ends meet.
But seriously, $6.50 for a pint?
Plus, its just general across the board, so from Stella to Budweiser....its $6.50.
It once again beats inside, but why bother?
There is a place right down the corner that is about half this price.....hmm I wonder where...read on...  ~Atmosphere/Service~ Just like the old Sliders here, nothing much has changed.
Its a nice wide open space with two levels to choose from.
The outdoor patio is inviting, even in hot weather there are misters and a good amount of room to bring a group of friends.
There is not much ambiance to the place, the bar area itself is wide open with a couple TV's and long bar.
Not an abundance of flare or items on walls.
As for service, I can only attest to the barkeeps.
They were very attentive, although I went very early to the game and was one of the few there...it wasn't hard to serve me.
Each of the individuals I worked with were talkative and fun, and were prompt when I asked to close out.
Extras/Rating~ Two stars are provided for location to ballpark and friendly service.
I truly feel that this is place is a trap for out-of-towners.
They  come to see their team and did not check it out in advance or ask the motel/hotel where to go pre-game.
I went for the Orioles series, and at the first game, there was a sea of orange here.
The next game, they all realized to go to another location...I did as well.
For better deals, including HAPPY HOUR PRICES, go to Coach's Corner, just a stone's throw away on Jefferson.
Prices for food and drinks are much cheaper, along with comparable service.
I rarely shout out another business on a review, but seriously, do not waste your money for beer, it makes no sense.
I see redeeming factors if you have a super large group of friends wanting a quick beer or two before/after the game.
Besides that, skip Game Seven Grill and choose from a ton of other bars in the area.

This was my first baseball game and I stopped by the Game Seven Grill and had their seventy sixer burger with a huge onion ring on top.
It also had brisket, green chilies, and pepperjack.
A fantastic burger!

I tried the snakebite chicken the lady time I came in.
The bun was really soft and the mustard BBQ sauce on the pulled chicken was killer with roasted habanero for a nice kick.
I also got the apple changa which was a whole slice of apple pie friend in a crispy tortilla and dusted with cinnamon sugar .
The whole thing was topped with caramel and vanilla ice cream.
Yummy !

I've only visited here before games for drinks so I can't comment on the food just yet... it's a little pricey for me.
Some days, I am perfectly content with settling for a dirty dollar hot dog in the ballpark.
That's what baseball games are for.
Game Seven is always packed... be ready to make some new friends; the bar is super crowded before the first pitch.
All of the vodka sodas I've had here... mehh, they seem pretty weak... they have a nice selection on tap so I am a fan of that.
I love that they have other baseball games playing at the bar...
I guess you'd expect that from a sports grill.
And I love all of the dbacks memorabilia.
That makes me happy.
They usually have live music playing before the games.
Great place to sit & people watch before the game... probably the most entertaining thing about this place.
All in all, good place to have a beer before the game.

Came here during Dbacks Fan Fest not just for the DBacks Alumni Players signing that was happening on the restaurant's corridor, but also to visit friends who were there and grab a bite to eat during a break int he action of Fan Fest.
Well, come to find out they closed the kitchen so I wasn't able to get anything to eat.
I was majorly disappointed...that's a BIG fail in my book!
Looking over their menu ahead of time, about the only reasonably priced item I saw was their salad, I believe a grilled chicken one if I recall...the rest of the items were rather pricey, and from seeing what friends of mine have ordered in the past, they definitely give you your money's worth and then some, but yeah, I wouldn't make this place an everyday stop for food.
I would like to be able to TRY it sometime,, however, so I can give it a "second chance" and see if my star ratings will go up or not.

No.
Just...no.
Joke of a menu, bad food, bad service, bad atmosphere, overpriced.
My husband and I came here for dinner and a beer before the game, and it was the worst.
The service was timely enough, but the server couldn't answer any of our questions.
I asked if the Schreiner's sausage was served whole, like a hot dog, or shaved on a hamburger bun.
"I'm not sure, sorry.
" Okay.... We also asked if they had XX Lager or amber, and she said amber.
I thought it was weird because the lager is so common, but dismissed it...until I saw someone walk away from the bar with a lager.
Then, when she came back to take our order, the busser walked by and she flat out interrupted my husband in order to tell the busser something, to which he replied that the lady at another table needed a refill.
It was...awkward.
Especially because the restaurant wasn't even busy!
In keeping with the theme, our server came and dropped the check, picked it up, and brought it back without ever speaking a word to us.
So, anyway, I got nachos ($12?!).
The chicken that came on them was like rubber, and in huge long pieces that needed to be cut to fit into a bite.
Nachos are not a fork and knife friendly food.
The cheese sauce was gross and the chips were hard, and the sour cream was a laughable little squeeze.
My husband got the 3 pulled pork sliders ($10), which came without sauce which is weird, and on dry bland buns.
The fries were okay.
We left well over half our food untouched.
It's a disappointing way to waste $40, especially when there are so many great places close by.
I would only suggest coming here for a drink before the game if everywhere else is packed and you MUST be right by the gates.

Great location and bartenders.
management needs to keep bathroom stocked and clean.
Great atmosphere when the really good band "Ratio" was playing.
They brought everyone's spirits up even after the loss!
Would return for the cold beer and to hear that band!

Very slow and the food was ok. Kind of overpriced for what they had.
The menu was also very limited.
Don't come with kids.

this place was HORRIBLE... we got a burger and they ASKED if we wanted ketchup..it arrived 5 minutes later..as we were leaving a couple was having the same issue...if u are going to offer burgers on the menu, ketchup should be automatic..we won't be back!

