stayed at the Rio for March Madness.
nice spot for this poker room.
located in the Ipanema Tower (my tower) and next door to the sportsbook.
i was lucky enough to watch my brackets get busted on several occassions from the comfort of my poker seat.
yay me.
NL tourneys run at 1200, 1500, 1800 and i think 2100. not sure if there was a midnight one.
$70 buy-in for 4000 chips.
mostly tourists run this poker room during the tourneys.
pretty tight players.
cash games are minimum $100 for $1-$3 NL.
they opened up an Omaha game once while i was here.
they didn't get a full table though.
the room itself is nice, clean and well organized.
dealers were friendly and chatty.
the chairs need some upgrading though.
they didn't swivel or rock.
and after playing for hours, one needs a little rock and roll.
dealer chairs swiveled.
overall, nice room and if we stay here next year, i'll be back.
FYI: this is NOT where the WSOP is played.
that's in the hall.

"on that good kush and alcohol" but I didn't have anyone to call  ;(  Cocktails in the poker room were ON POINT the night I went.
7 & 7 ALLL NIIIIIGHT LOOONG!!
Cocktails were a bit slow so order doubles!
Oh almost forgot, the poker room itself was just ok. Not much action here compared to bigger ones like at the Venetian.
It's odd, you would figure the home of the WSOP would draw more people on the regular but their room is quite small and depressing.
I had to drink in order to cope with it.

WSOP was going on when we were there that was awesome!!
I didn't play buy-in was $10k to rich for my blood.
Free shuttle to the strip from Rio

Here for the WSOP and figure I'd try their regular poker room.
It sucks.
There were about 13 people on a wait list and they took about 20 minutes to realize they should start a new table.
At the table it took about 1 hour for drink service to come.
Then about 45 minutes after taking the order for the drinks to come.
The waitress forgot my drink order twice so it was over 2 hours to get 1 drink.
Made some money playing NL 1-3 but the action is super slow.

