House Hunters purports to provide the customer with lists of homes that can be leased, leased to purchase or homes to buy.
Once you pay the $40.00 fee, you have access to search for homes in your area of interest.
You then can select specific ID#'s and see the owner other pertinent information.
The next step is to use a "form" letter they provide, in order to tell the owner of your interest and wait for a reply from the owner so you can inspect the property.
In my case, the person either living in the house, or owning the house, has no knowledge that their home is listed for sale or lease.
I have no idea what criteria is used by House Hunters to put these houses on their list, but it is not because they are available.
Norman Shubert

This is a SCAM!
Avoid at all costs!
They post on craigslist with fake pictures and charge a recurring 40$ fee for access to a website that does not do anything advertised!!

Completely useless.
Waste of $40... Don't pay for public information.
Couldn't find any houses for rent.
Only has foreclosed houses owned by people who don't know anything about the site.

DO NOT USE THEM!
THEY ARE A SCAM!!!!
They lie, they have an answer to everything .... they steal data from zillow and post to craigslist.... SCAM!
SCAM!
SCAM!!
they dont have any access to properties, except what they steal from zillow!
They take your $40, then have nothing to offer after....

Wish I could give no stars!
What a scam!
Refer to Mirta's review!
You have access to homes but most of these people don't even know they are on this list!
My husband cancelled this "service" and we are still getting charged months later!
Run!
Run far away!

Didn't fall for there dumb ass scam.
Right when I called it seemed fishy.
The owner of this company deserves to have his balls cut off.

DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE!!!!!
I would give them a zero if I could.
I actually paid for the service and it is a complete scam.
They promise you that if you pay for the listing you can contact the owners directly.
They don't mention that it's by mail only!!
In addition, they have a prewritten letter they have for you to send to the owner is to request for a rent to own.
I don't even want to own a home.
The listing on Trulia was for rent.
I thought that they were legitimate because I have paid for a similar service before from a different company however I actually received direct contact information.
Also I assumed that since it was on Trulia then it was ok (that was my fault for assuming).
I have also seen them on Zillow so be careful.
I wish I would have read Yelp first.
I hope this helps someone before they make the same mistake I did.

Called and asked for information about them and got hung up on twice.
Sad because I waited about 10 minutes on hold only to get hung up on when I asked about the information on the website.
All they wanted was my credit card number to charge me to become a member and I couldn't find out anything about them.

Total SCAM!
I contacted 3 properties and never got a reply from the owners.
I've been calling to cancel my membership and after 20 minutes waiting, phone call automatically hangs up.

