Truly the best place in town!!!
Fresh looking place.
The staff there are super friendly and  professional.
Ask for Lucy... she's a delight!

I am extremely picky about where I go for a mani/pedi since I work in a top spa/salon on the strip, but MOD Nails has changed the game.
Their staff are all extremely skilled in what they do and the atmosphere is relaxing and doesn't feel like an asian sweat shop (Polished nails ).
I have nothing but great things to say, ask for Kim if you check it out!

One of my best friends suggested this salon because of their inexpensive style in nail designs.
I'm a sucker for nail art.
As I walked in the establishment I immediately fell in love with the decor.
The salon had a modern posh feel to it; also very clean and hygienic.
The staff was friendly and  conversant.
I got a gel manicure and it only cost me $30 (give or take).
My nail technical was amazing, he made sure everything was up par.
Can't wait to come back.

excellent service!!
the people are so friendly!!
a great experience!!
I have had my nails done at several locations in town and this is by far the best!
after getting a gel manicure just about 5 months ago i said i would never do it again, one placed damaged my nails really bad!!
i wasn't sure if i wanted to risk getting another gel manicure again but it just last so much longer than a regular.
the lady that did my nails was great and also informative, she explained the different types of gels and what would be best for me with my every day job!!!
all in all and exceptional experience and great value for money!!!

I loved this place!!!!
I will go back!!!!
The prices were good.
The service was amazing!!!

It took me a while to find a quality nail salon when I moved to Vegas from San Diego.
Mod nails uses all the best products, lots of colors, and the decor is very inviting.
Highly recommend getting the gel manis and pedis!

went here based on reviews and I was pleasantly pleased with the décor, customer service (Steve), and overall the price :D it looked so modern in there that it surprised me their gel manicures were so reasonable...but hey I'm not complaining.
I really love this place, and thank God it's only 3 min drive from my place.
try this place guys, they're awesome!
it's very clean and modern in there too, unlike those run down looking nail salons you see elsewhere.

Don't come if you're needing something quick!
I came for what was supposed to be an express gel mani and it took an hour and a half!!!
Major wait time even with a set appointment time!
Save on time..go somewhere else!
Trust me!

Mod nails is the best Vegas !!
I moved from California 2 years ago and finally found a place that could do nails!!!
I had so many horror stories with nails that I was gonna stop all together because it wasn't worth the money and frustration.
I noticed the chandeliers they have when I was driving by and decided to try it out .
Best decision ever.
Lucy did my nails exactly how I wanted them .
She asked multiple times if the shape was perfect.
Which it was.
I always have to go home and fix the shape because it's never perfect .
Lucy did them perfect the first time.
She was super sweet and attentive and made me feel like what I wanted was most important , not just getting me out as fast as she could.
Pricing is good and the decor is amazing.
At mod nails they actually care about you being happy not just getting you out as fast as possible paying as much as possible ( polished nails) .
Mod nails is the best in Vegas

I love, love, love this place!!
My nails always look fabulous when I leave there, and I'm picky about my nails.
This is the only place I will go!
They are wonderful!!

My mom lives in LV, visiting and she has had a hard time finding a nail place that does a good job.
This place is very modern, clean, and the girls are very sweet.
They do what you want, and they do it precisely.
Destinee did my nails.
Gel nails with glitter.
Lucy did Mom's nails, she did white and pink acrylic.
Both were very sweet and did a fabulous job!
Very pleased.
I'm sure my mom has a nail place now.

I do like this place.
I got my gel nails done by Steve.
Great service, go in at morning time!
No wait, good service and very nice result.
I usually do my own so nothing really empresses me but this time, my money was worth it.
Got my perfect colors and design.

I'll definitely recommend this place to everyone!
Being a virgin on pedi/mani I had a very good experience with the service!
Must get the MOD ped!
Super worth it!
The salon was very clean and modern atmosphere!
Ull feel like ur in a strip salon ;)

Love the staff they're awesome!
Clean expertly done nails.
Jenny does a mean mani and peni, she doesn't rush and brings a crusty foot back to life!
They're all extremely creative and personable.

I have been with the same nail person for 6 years and I had to move on,  I am very picky....I like my nails done right.
Have tried so many places but no luck in finding my new nail shop until I came here!!
She did so good and I didn't have to say anything just kick back and relax.
So many options for color.
Nice clean place.
Love!!!!!
Going to go here forever.
Kim and her sister are amazing!

I have been coming here for awhile now on the recommendation of a few friends!
I am addicted to getting gel manis and Tara always does a great job.
I often find nail art ideas on Pinterest and Tara is always accommodating with my nail art requests!
My manicures last 2-3 weeks and they do not chip.
Gel is so worth it.
Go see Tara at Mod Nails!

Love this place!
Was introduced to this place by a friend few months ago and now I refuse to go anywhere else!
Everyone here is so nice and welcoming!
My pedicures MUST be done by Jenny.
I will die if she ever leaves.
I'll admit I have the WORST heels.
But after leaving mod, my feet are soft like a baby's butt.
If you are looking for a quick pedi I wouldn't recommend her but if you're looking for good work done to your heels and nails... Jenny is the person to request!!
She is VERY detailed and meticulous when it comes to rough heels.
LOVE HER  any of the girls are very good with manis and any other hand work.
The staff here is young and fun!

Staff is excellent!!
I had a mani and pedi.
My feet feel absolutely amazing and I'm already receiving compliments on my nails!!
The atmosphere is great there!
Decorated super cute!!
I think Kim was who did my nails and she was awesome!
Everyone was super personable and they were very accommodating!
I highly recommend going there!

I called at 11:45 am to see if I could get a walk-in appointment and was told to come in at noon.
Such a cute salon!
I was greeted by Lucy who had me sit down to look at colors and soak off my old gel manicure.
The technicians are all very friendly.
The atmosphere was great.
I am not a picky nail person and just love having nail designs and something unique.
Lucy absolutely fit the bill for my needs!
I got a standard gel manicure with a nail wrap on my ring fingers.
I will be back to this salon because of Lucy and the whole experience!!

I've been looking for a new nail salon since I moved on this side of town & I'm happy to say I think I found the right one!
This place is only a good 10 minutes away.
I found this place on yelp & saw all the great reviews & decided to give this place a try.
Kim did my nails & she made me feel comfortable being there as soon as I came in.
It wasn't awkward like some other places.
It does take a little longer than normal but I'd rather her take her time & make them look great.
The salon is so cute, I'm obsessed with the way it looks inside.
Anywho, I will definitely be back!

Found my new favorite nail spot!!
Destinee did my nails so gorgeously!
I seriously love it.
She was always following up with me if I liked how it is, making sure that I loved it.
I will definitely come back here for a combo of mani and pedi next time, they're having a promotion right now which is 20% off a mani and pedi :)

Amazing place love the location.
Just a great place to get my nails done.
I will go back.

This is hands downs the best nail salon in Las Vegas.
Besides being the cleanest salon the staff is the friendliest and most welcoming.
Kimi is absolutely amazing.
She's so particular and precise when she does my nails.
They ALWAYS look perfect.
I never feel rushed and the prices are very reasonable.
If you're looking for a clean salon with incredible nail technicians MOD nails is what you're looking for.
You won't be disappointed.

I came here for the first time today.
I made an appointment over the phone for 4pm.
I had a flight to catch so I needed my nails filled and fixed.
I signed in and was seen 20 min later by owner, Kim.
She did apologize many times for being late and said they're always on time.
One of their lights broke so they were running a bit behind.
Hey....things happen.
She really made up for the time though!
In 45 min.
I had my broken nail fixed and my acrylic nails filled and gel polish applied!
She's very personable and professional.
For a rushed appointment I'm happy they came out very pretty.
Great selection of colors.
She's also able to do hard gel and any pic of designs you show her.
Adorable salon and affordable prices.
I will return :)

Today I had the pleasure of going to Mod nails thanks to my good friend Alexa.
I love how nice the salon looks it's very modern.
The nail techs(destiny is really good for nail art) are very skilled and nice.
I'll deff be returning here next time and I'm pretty sure this will be my regular nail salon.

First time doing my nails at Mod Nails.
Decided to give them a shot due to really good reviews on Yelp.
Not disappointed at all.
Greeted right when I walked through the door and was seated.
Staff is very friendly and place was clean.
I like how it was really calm and I wasn't being rushed.
Lucy did a great job on my nails, I love them.
She was gentle and would ask if I was doing fine or if she was hurting me.
Lucy was very gentle while she was doing my nails.
Even my boyfriend liked the place, which is rare lol.
I definitely would be coming back to Lucy for a pedicure and refill.
I probably found my new nail place (:

I called today at 11:00am to make an appointment for a gel manicure and pedicure for 1:00.
I have never been to Mod Nails before but decided to leave the factory at Polished for a better experience.
They were so friendly on the phone and got me an appointment right away!
I was greeted by Jenny and she allowed me to pick my color for my pedicure.
Jenny is amazing!!!
My toes are perfect and she was so meticulous.
Jenny then asked Kim to come over and start my manicure while Jenny was finishing up.
Kim is hands down the best nail person I have ever been to.
I showed her the nails I wanted (from Pinterest) and she changed it to an even better design!
She knows exactly what to do!
She was so easy to talk to and both jenny and Kim made my experience so special.
I will recommend this place to everyone!
I already made my next appointment for my sister and myself.
Try Mod Nails and you will not be disappointed!

The B E S T nail experience.
I arrived shortly after they opened (10am; still scheduled an appointment the night before).
I got a gel manicure ($27) by Kim.
The time rolled by so quickly as we shared stories and ideas ("engage yourself in order to maximize your experiences").
Finally, Kim recommended that I go to Bachi HLK (literally 1 min away on Russell and Rainbow) and I did after!
It was AMAZING and a perfect way to enter into the afternoon!
Will be back to extend my nail experience and more stories!
THANK YOU KIM, LUCY, AND JENNY!

Definetly love tarrah!
So nice !
Love this new place !
Little cute nail salon.
Love it

One of the nicest Nail Shops been to!
The inside is clean, modern and very chic.
The girls are adorable & customer service is top notch!
I am from California... but will return my next visit to Vegas.
I suggest calling to make an appointment because they were extremely busy.
Save yourself the wait (:

I went here for the first time the other day, super cute modern (go figure) decor.
The salon is in an L shape, with the pedi chairs along one side and the nail stations on the other, so it wouldn't be the best for a girl day if you're getting different services.
I called the day of and they got me in for a gel mani pedi.
They have a little less selection of gel colors than other salons I'm used to, but picked a bright pink with glitter on the tips.
I had to wait soaking in the water for about 20 min, but hey i didn't really have an appointment...
I wasn't offered any extras like a callus remover gel or paraffin treatment (again like most other places I've been) but the pedi did include a scrub and a really nice massage!
My nails are about 10 days old and starting to lift at the edges...
I'm not particularly hard on my nails so I'm a little disappointed.
Prices are on par for most other salons.
A bonus- everyone there only spoke english.. so you know no one is talking smack... well at least in your presence.

Came here when I visited LV with a bunch of my girlfriends.
We all got manis and pedis.
The gals that own the place are super sweet and attentive.
Wish this place was closer to where I live!

