They just opened today!
We got there at the right time (after lunch rash).
Atmosphere is way better than the other one, same great noodles, plus extra appetizer menu.
Glad to have them in this side of town!

I finally got hungry around 1pm and just like the first-to-review person, I also missed the lunch rash.
Because who wants that?
I was happy to discover that they are serving Hiyashi Chuka.
It's every bit as good as the OG Monta location on Spring Mountain.
The service was quick.
Sitting at the counter, I was able to see the guy making my dish right in front of me.
He apologized for the wait, but it really wasn't much of one.
My only possible gripe is that I could have sworn the dish said $7.25 on the menu; I was charged $7.95.
Not worth complaining about, so I just paid cash and left.
I'll be back, especially since this is a good lunch distance for me.
Just no rash, please.

The ramen scene continues to grow.
Yes Monta Chaya, Monta's sister restaurant is the latest joint to open up.
I've never tried their restaurant in Chinatown but I know it's very popular with both locals and tourists.
So I was excited that they opened here in Henderson.
From the parking lot you won't be able to spot it but It's located between Japan Creek and Golds Gym in the strip mall on the corner of Eastern/Serene.
The sign for their storefront will be up soon according to one of the servers I spoke to.
As with the other noodle houses, this place has sit table service.
Your hostess will seat you at a table or counter.
I chose their counter on this visit.
Their furnishings reminded me of West Elm type stuff.
The dark woods used makes the place look more stylish and gives it a more upscale feel.
The seating arrangement didn't feel too crowded.
My server said they were so busy right before I came and that the lunch crowd had just left.
Server gave me 2 menus one with noodle  dishes and entrees and another that Monta Chaya serves exclusively.
So you know I just had to try something off the Chaya Dishes menu.
I chose Chashu Bans (bahns).
This one was glazed pork belly slice in a steamed bun.
They come as 2 appetizer sized portions.
The Tonkatsu Ramen I ordered is just broth and noodles.
I chose to customize with add ons they had.
So there is an additional charge for them.
So keep in mind your order can add up.
There was little wait from the time my order was taken to when I was served.
When my order for the Tonkotsu Ramen came up, oh boy, I wasn't expecting such a huge bowl packed with noodles.
My extras that I added were soft boiled egg and corn so my bowl was pretty full.
The noodle soup was really good.
The pork had just enough fat, the broth was savory.
I personally thought it was just a tad salty and not as rich in flavor as the Tonkotsu broth over at the noodle house on Tropicana.
Still I enjoyed my bowl of ramen.
I asked if there is a smaller portion since this was way too much noodles for me.
My server said I can just request 1/2 noodles more broth next time.
They still charge you the same price.
Service here was spot on.
Everyone was friendly and polite.
Unlike the other Asian restaurant that recently opened up at the casino, the employees here are prepared and ready for the rush hour crowd.
I'm lovin the ramen craze and welcome another one here on this side of town!

I've"ve been somewhat dissatisfied with the old Monta at spring mountain/Decatur due to its inconsistent quality as well as recent health inspection issues, so I was looking forward to seeing how the new place on the other side of town would be like.
I heard that it was next to Japan Creek, but as I drove by, I did not see any signs anywhere, but I was surprised to find out that the restaurant was virtually full of customers.
How did they find out?
It was nice to see that the new place is about the twice the size of the old place.
The menu was virtually identical, but with additional "chaya" offerings such as chicken karaage, daikon salad, hakusai salad and such.
I tried chicken karaage, which was very well done, hot, juicy and tasty.
I liked the daikon salad as I love anything daikon, but it reminded me more of daikon sunomono, and was slightly heavy on vinegar taste as I was expecting more of a sweet sesame dressing kind of thing, but I still liked it.
I also had fried rice, but this was mediocre at best.
It was way too oily IMO.
Well done fried rice should be dry and not wet, as a huge firepower from the grill should burn off the oil as you swing the rice into the air as you mix it in a wok.
I think the chef doesn't have the fried rice cooking mastered yet.
As a matter of fact, quite a bit far from it.
I had tonkotsu ramen and it was virtually identical to that of old Monta.
Not too fatty, but cloudy white tonkotsu broth was better done than the old Monta plagued by inconsistencies in recent months.
I like this place.
I just wish they've opened it in Summerlin instead of Henderson.

As of yesterday (Tue, April 16), their sign is up!
Woooraaaay!
This time I tried Hiyashi Chuka (Cold Noodle) with Yuzu dressing.
Healthiest noodle item, in my opinion.
Yuzu dressing was very refreshing but it was bit sweet for my taste.
I crave this cold noodle even if it's chilly winter night.

Monta sent to Henderson their better sister, Monta Chaya, with the best location in town,(still with small parking lot)  Monta Chaya is beautiful japanese ramen shop closes to us.

Summerlin-ers have every right to be jealous, since the newly opened Monta Chaya in Henderson is every bit as good as the flagship Monta, thereby negating the need to make the drive to Spring Mountain.
If  Monta Chaya is the sister restaurant to Monta, I would liken the former to Monta-ca (er...I mean Monica) Cruz, Penelope Cruz's younger and less famous sister, who is every bit as beautiful with perhaps more charm and flare for style (she's a fashion designer and world class flamenco dancer).
This comes in the form of a more spacious interior with higher ceilings, located next door to the adorable  Japan Creek Market (borrowing a page from Fukumimi Ramen which also has an adjacent Japanese market next door), and the additional flight of "chaya" appetizers consisting of the following: *chicken karaage *flash-fried shishito peppers *daikon salad with shredded egg,rice crackers, seaweed, and Wafu dressing *fried calamari in broth  *chasu buns (similar to Ippudo in Manhattan) *Hakusai salad (napa cabbage, crispy chili threads, crunchy noodles, sesame dressing)  Ramen and standard appetizers appears identical to the original location, and I went with the Hiyashi Chuka, which appears primarily during the warm months at Monta, so not sure if they plan on keeping this as a permanent item.
The Hikyashi Chuka is a cold ramen without broth which I liken to a bizarro version of the Korean bibimbap (hear me out) Rather than piping hot rice, assortment of julienned veggies, bulgogi, red chili paste, and fried egg mixed together in the Korean dish, you have nice firm cold noodles topped with julienned scrambled egg, cucumbers, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, sprouts, marinated pork belly, sweet pickled radish, tomato, and a dollop of Japanese mustard on the side and your choice of sesame or yuzu dressing.
Deciding to feel a bit more untraditional, I went with yuzu and the dish was a refreshing mixture of textures, colors, and interplay of sweet spicy salty and sour.
Word of caution: unless you want to simulate biological warfare on your sinuses, do not mix the entire portion of japanese mustard into the mix.
Just use the end of your chopstick and do a light schmear into each bite to get that little hit much like you would for wasabi on sushi.
A wonderful addition to the ever-expanding ramen scene in Las Vegas and which will hopefully keep Shoku Ramen nearby on its toes so that the victors in the battle for ramen supremacy in Henderson will ultimately be diners like ourselves.

Craving pork belly?
Is it a Friday night and you need your Monta fix but don't want to travel across town to Spring Mountain?
Oh yes, it's true!
Monta Chaya opened last week and it's just like home (aka Spring Mountain).
Well, kinda.
It's even better with new menu items!
No spoiler alert... you've got to visit to check it out for yourself.
As far as your favorite menu items - yep, they're there!
My favorite is the pork belly bowl - it was beautifully prepared with tender, juicy pork belly over slightly sticky white rice served with pickled ginger.
Succulent.
The guys did their regular thing:  miso ramen with egg, chashu prok, and nori and tonkotsu ramen with egg and I can't remember what else.
We were all stuffed and well fed and well taken care of in our East-side Monta.
We're so glad you're here!

They put crack in the broth.
They have to...
The best places in NYC don't compare to this place.
The broth is so rich and thick, without being syrup.
I need to quit my job and move to Vegas, for no other reason, than to eat here more often.

Keeping it simple.
All the Monta fans already know why they love Monta and what keeps them coming back.
(+) Same quality as the original Monta on Spring Mtn!
(+) Great location, off of the 215 / Eastern Ave, Look for the Denny's at the southeast corner.
It's in the back towards the Gold's Gym and it is right next to Japan Creek Market (no Monta sign yet) (+) More seating, nice interior (+) Great staff & vibe  (-) Takana fried rice - No.
Spend your money on something else.
Portion was too small IMO & was too oily for my taste (-) Shishito - I've had better (-) Pass on the chashu bans.
After having the steamed pork buns at Ippudo NY, nothing can compare to that.
Basically, stick with the ramen!
Since it's so close to home now (+++), I will be coming here a lot.
I will be trying more dishes from the new menu & keep you updated!
Don't forget to check out Japan Creek Market.
lots of good stuff there!

Oh man, even when you're not craving ramen, it is SO good that you won't stop thinking about it...until you have more ramen.
First of all, difficult to locate, but they've literally been open for a week, so I'm sure a sign is coming soon.
Seriously though, everyone has still managed to find it!
Anyway, a couple notes: very small spot and they will only seat you if your whole party is there, so plan ahead!
Ruben and I joined our friends and their kids to dinner.
We ordered a bunch of items and shared bites.
I ordered the Fried Calamari and Charshu Bans from the Chaya menu.
The calamari is very lightly breaded and fried, then served with a delicious Japanese broth.
So, so good.
The Charshu Ban was just okay for me.
Weirdly served with a leaf of Iceberg lettuce?
Anyway, for my main entree, I got the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen with their "thick, wavy noodles" (normally comes with their thin noodles, but I asked if I could order it with the thick noodles and they were more than happy to accommodate!).
I wasn't feeling adventurous enough for toppings, however, I really enjoyed adding the condiments available at your table like sesame seeds, vinegar, and most importantly, the spicy sesame oil.
A fabulous addition of flavor and the right amount of spice to your broth!
At our table, there was also the Miso Ramen (I'm torn between this broth and the Tonkotsu Shoyu), Fried Rice, and Pork Belly Bowl.
All really, really good!
Anyway, food was quick and service was wonderful.
Everything was on point and it was such a lovely experience.
I can't wait to have another bowl!
UPDATE: Of the three major ramen houses in the valley, I prefer Monta's thick, wavy noodles, Tonkotsu-Shoyu broth, and chili oil for an extra kick.
Ramen Sora is a close second with a superior Miso broth.

Monta Chaya is like the younger, sexier sister of Monta Ramen.
Anything Monta Ramen can do, Chaya can do better.
I stopped here during the week of grand opening with my home skillet Molly T. The restaurant is much more open and spacious than its sister restaurant.
The decor is simple yet modern and tasteful.
The stools at the bar no longer anally penetrate your behind; they now have larger stools with rectangular cushions on top.
In addition to the standard ramen menu offered at Monta Ramen, here they offer you additional "Chaya" menu consisting of various appetizers ranging from chicken karaage to daikon salad to chasu buns to several other things in between.
The ramen menu is identical including the add on options.
I went with my tried and true Tonkotsu Shoyu (soy and pork bone based broth) ramen with extra corn.
The taste was every bit as good as the original location's.
The noodles were cooked well and had great texture, the broth was milky and packing flavor, two pieces of chashu were solid quality and not overly fatty, and the standards that included dried seaweed, green onion, and kikurage mushroom completed the great taste.
I saw one of the cooks from the original location working in the kitchen, so it is no surprise that the taste seems consistent.
The service was okay, toward the end the waitress kept hovering behind us as to hurry us along.
The prices are reasonable...I think my bowl came to $7.45 with the add on.
Definitley great value for both quality and quntity of ramen.

Finally, Monta has opened up on my side of town; no longer do I have to traverse the I-15 and hazard Desert Inn Road with all the wonky crazies that can't drive for squat, all just to gamble on whether I'll be seated immediately (22 seats) or get to wait outside with the throng of addicts like I'm outside a methadone clinic in the Tenderloin...  And to be quite frank, with ALL the Ramen joints popping up like hedgehogs in town, I'm almost over it....almost.
My first love is Monta, and I have a sweet spot for the food and the people who have been terribly authentic and hospitable.
I have never had a bad experience there, and the food is on point!
And it's is soo damn close, I could stop by here almost everyday which is all too tempting.
It's right beside my Japanese food store, Japan Creek, (same owners) which happens to be right next to my gym!
Talk about pure evilness...  As of right now, there's no signage, so you'll just have to remember that it's next to Japan Creek; the most awesome Japanese food store in Vegas.
Albeit compact, they have the best produce for Japanese dishes, as well as Sushi grade fish, Pork and Beef sliced for Sukiyaki or Shabu Shabu.
All just another way to sidetrack me off my clean diet, but really, I only really workout so that I can eat the things I love....it's a build/destroy existential quagmire that I secretly believe adds an insensible depth of character...or I'm just difficult and stupid-whatevs...  As you walk in, it's definitely an airier, well designed space, more than the original- a Monta 2.0 if you will... With some nice design elements and a little more decoration, you still have the central Noodle Bar where all the action happens, with just a few more tables than its predecessor.
What's different is the enlarged waiting area right in the front that's effectively blocked off, there's nothing more annoying than trying to eat while you have the eyes of hungry customers drilling evil death eyes at your back for your seat.
My evil side takes over;  I take even more leisurely time to finish, carrying a long conversations about roman shades and Twilight... Yeah, I'm that guy... hate me but the anticipation makes the food taste much better, so I'm doing you a HUGE favor!
At Monta Chaya, the menu is little more expansive, along with your tradition Gyoza, there's actually an appetizer or two not traditionally served in a Ramen shop: you have some fried Calamari Rings, Chicken Karage and some Salads too.
An expanded menu is a welcome addition to the simple menu.
I always order a plate of Gyoza, and it's as much a mark of the restaurant as the Ramen.
I like to put a little Soy, hot Chili Oil and grated Garlic into my little sauce place and dip these suckers in and pop them whole.
I was surprised that they came out broken up, I usually expect them to be stuck together, as well, there wasn't that crispy, almost burnt crust that make that satisfying oral contrast with the juicy filling.
But the quality was excellent, just a little execution mishap.
As it has gotten really warm, I have a cut off for Ramen (it just gets my body temp.
so hot I sweat like I took a shower with my clothes on).
But luckily, Monta serves up my favorite Summertime dish: the Hiyashi Chuka (Cold Chinese) - a broth-less dish, you have cold Chinese Egg Noodles with a choice of Sesame or Yuzu (Japanese Lime) Sauce with Toppings of: Chasu Pork, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Bean Sprouts, Shredded Cooked Egg, Kikurage (Wood Ear Mushrooms) and Memma (Bamboo Shoots).
This dish is perfect on a hot day, when you just want to eat something cool yet filling.
I love Sesame sauce like a beast, it's my go to for just about everything; dipping sauce, salad dressing you name it.
At first you may look at this dish and think, what the hell?
Why am I eating a salad with these odd non salad ingredients?
And this isn't really Chinese is it?
Well, yes and no, kind of a Chinese/Japanese hybrid that, well, if you kinda of crave after you've had it a couple of times.
As usual, Monta Chaya did not disappoint, I loved the service and the food is always on par.
I will have to try the Ramen soon, I just have to hope for a cold night, which is rare for us in April!!
Ratings (Out of Five Stars) Food:          5 Ambience:  5 Service:      5

My favorite ramen shop.
Amazing Chasu pork.
Awesome thick wavy noodles.
More space to eat!!!

RAMENNNN so close to where I practice yoga.
Glad there's one more spot for me to pig out before I go try to balance my body weight on one toe.
I came here last week with Dana S for some good times, great oldies, and good ramen soup.
I had the Miso and it was delicious.
It also took about 2.5 seconds to get to us.
Delicious and fast, what more could you ask for?
It is also pretty cheap--$8 for a giant bowl of soup is none too shabby.
The restaurant only seats about 30 people, and the waitress was kind enough to ask somebody to move so that we could sit together.
Come later in the afternoon so that you don't have to wait forever for a spot to sit during the lunch rush.
New restaurant in my rotation!

The food is amazing!!
The Takana fried rice is my absolute fave.
They jave the best Pork out of all the Ramen houses I've tried.
I go to both locations and this one is best.
I just wish they were closer to home.

This is my favorite ramen shop.
I am so glad they're now in Henderson.

I have never been to Monta Ramen, just to preface.
I noticed when this place was being renovated as I am regularly shopping at Japan Creek Market.
I finally visited last night for a late Sunday dinner by myself.
There are purse hooks underneath the bar which is AWESOME!!!
I ordered the cold noodle (Hiyashi Chuka) with yuzu sauce sans pork, the shishito peppers, and the mini mentaiko bowl.
I also ordered hot tea, which was the can of tea listed under cold drinks, heated!
Very Japanese-drink machine-like.
I received the shishito peppers first, which were deliciously charred in a miso sauce with sesame seeds sprinkled about.
I enjoyed this dish very much, and it is a good price.
Next, I got the mini mentaiko bowl.
The mentaiko was very fresh, and the bowl was covered in my favorite vegetable, green onions, plus shredded nori!
I added some shichimi, sesame oil, and soy sauce to this and mixed everything in the rice.
Lastly, my hiyashi chuka was delivered to my spot at the bar.
I did not realize at first that it had pork on it (my picture was taken before I realized it) - oddly enough, the pork looked somewhat like shiitake mushrooms, albeit large ones.
I asked the server for a plate and removed the pork with a spoon onto the plate - the pork had been cold and was not moist or drippy so it was not worth sending the dish back.
The noodles were presented with shredded cucumber, tomato slices, seaweed, bamboo shoot, bean sprouts, and shredded egg crepe strands with sides of karashi (Japanese mustard) and benishoga (pickled ginger) in a yuzu sauce.
The sauce is OISHI!!!!
I finished my shishito and mentaiko and started working on the noodles when I got some bad news about my brother in the hospital and no longer felt like eating.
The servers brought me some water and helped me package up my meal to take home.
I really appreciated the kind service.
I get to enjoy my leftovers for lunch today.
I will definitely return.
Credit card minimum is $10.

Ramen is what they do and they do it well!
It's the same as the Monta in Chinatown, although with an appetizer menu that might have a couple more items.
Noodles and broth are great.
Very freindly service with food that hits the spot!

Ramen so close.
Delicious noodles are here.
Must Try the gyoza.
That's my haiku, because the special crafting of Monta's ramen deserves more culture than just an empty, barbaric review.
I was worried this new location would deliver less qualities, because sequels almost always suck.
Worry not, just as good as the original!
I'm very picky about my gyoza, and Monta has consistently been the best.
Same with Monta Chaya, still the best around!
I can't wait for my hiyashi chuka fix now, expect imminent return.

Ramen broth and noodles were mediocre.
The Takara fried rice tasted unusual--threw it away.
I would not recommend this place.
If you want authentic really good ramen, you should go to Ramen Sora.
The noodles are flown in from Japan and the broth is very rich and delicious.
The fried rice and gyoza are also extremely good.

Forgive me, Yelp, for I have sinned.
I am not one of the many dedicated followers from the original Monta who followed them to the Southeast.
I am not even a big ramen fan.
Yet with each new ramen house that pops up, I find that I am beginning to change my mind.
Okay, Monta is one of the better places in Vegas.
It definitely gets bonus points for the broth not being overly salty and the noodles having a nice al dente texture.
The karaage is tender, juicy, and seasoned to perfection.
The one item that I would recommend above all else would be the pork belly bowl.
The fatty rich meat to rice ratio is perfect.
The best part is that everything is so reasonably priced that you could try a variety and not break the bank.

Monta Chaya....  You might wonder if the quality is as good as the original one.
The answer is YES.
It's actually to our Salon Luxy Nail Salon.
We are regular there, more like it's almost my 2nd kitchen LOL.
Monta Chaya offers more Appetizers than the original Monta.
5 Stars!

Excellent Price, pork belly bowl is epic!

I love the OG Monta.
So you can believe when I learned that there was one closer to my home, I did flips.
A homie told me about the new location, in addition to the new items on the menu.
The new spot was well decorated, a little fancier than its predecessor, and similar to the decor at Shoku Ramen-ya and Fukumimi.
I am still find of the simplistic set up of an authentic ramen shop.
Nevertheless, the decor is not the reason for my visit, I'm here to slurp on some sizoup.
The bowls seem to be be done up a little more as well, a bit more flair than the original, am I wrong?
I was saddened to learn that they don't serve hot water, as strange as it seems.
My trick is to order extra chashu and noodles with a cup of hot water to dilute the saltiness of some of the broth blends.
But the pork belly baos were a nice touch as well as the mini ikura bowls.
The staff looks like the same as Sushimon and Goyemon, after all, they are all owned by the same person.
Staff is always friendly and the chef are always close by and visible.
It's hard to screw up ramen, and this place does it just right.
I still prefer the original, but I can't complain with no lines at the new location.
Close by is Japan Creek, so I assume that there will never be a shortage of chashu I hope.
That is the first place I found where you can buy frozen chashu and hamachi kama.
Always good to burn off some calories by taking a nice walk in the store after a nice meal at Monta Chaya.
Cross advertising baby!!!
Overall, same great quality and service with some slight differences that may be intentional to reach more of a main stream market.
The place is found in an established area of the southeast and strays away from traditional conservative decor from the original, but that is alright with me.
Remember the movie Mr.
Baseball starring Magnum PI?
Well you can find me slurpin up a storm like Mr.
Baseball if you ever catch me at the spot.
Be easy yall!

Lots of young 20's eating after 10 pm on weekday.
Service was excellent.
Ramen was excellent and the Pork belly rice bowl too.
The gyozas were ok.  definitely would return  since its our favorite among the 4 we frequent: Sora, Fukumimi, & Shoku.

You guys need to turn back now, don't go here you will forget it really don't go here!
Oh come on who the hell is going to believe that?
This place is just as good if not better as Monta and honestly I don't want people to find that out because I don't want it to ever get as packed as monta ALWAYS is.
They have more variety here then the normal monta wich is super nice.I came here with my grandfather on 5.1.13 and I hope I can go there tomorrow ;) lol I got Tonkotsu with just chashu and butter.
Side note I never had butter on ramen before.
My grandpa got the fried chicken.
FRIED CHICKEN - sooo this isnt the crispyst chicken ever but its very good it has nice flavor and you can taste the seasoning wich is cool!
SOYSAUCE/PORK RAMEN (Tonkotsu)- Oh my god when ever I can now I shall get butter on my ramen, you don't think it will make a big difference but it sooo does!!!!
Holy cow lol The pork was so tender and melt in your mouth as i remembered mmm missed this soup!
So all in all don't come here and don't wright reviews because well...this place is to good for most people haha :)

This little Japanese Ramen house was packed and we had to wait 15 minutes for a table at lunch.
The ramen was excellent and very filling.
The gyoza is also very good.
You do have to make your own sauces to dip it though.
I'd recommend a bit of the soy sauce, a splash of vinegar, the hot oil and a spoonful of the minced garlic.
Delicious!
Also, don't forget to add a spoonful of garlic to the ramen!
It can be a bit salty, so drink plenty of water.

As a long-time patron of the Spring Mountain location, I was elated to see they were opening a location on my side of town.
I was hopeful that quality wouldn't dwindle like it does with other restaurants opening multiple locations.
I was not disappointed!
I ordered my usual Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen!
It tasted like genuine Monta ramen.
Yes!!!!
It was nice to see they added a few more options to the menu while keeping in the simplistic Monta fashion.
I look forward to trying the new offerings very soon.
Gyoza and Kimche were great as expected.
It appears that there are a few more tables available than at their first location which is good.
They spared no expense with the interior.
We got there just as they were opening the shop and the place filled fast.
If the waiting list sheet is any indication, I assume there is a wait here as well so be ready to relax.
Browse Japan Creek next door and enjoy the cultural exchange.

Ummm wow, noodle galore.
All these East side noodle joints...I'm in heaven!!
We were on our way to our favorite Japanese store to pick up some Hamachi Kama and Char Siu, when we see Monta Chaya.
We seriously put the brakes on and said, "Is this a dream?!
"  Ooh my, but it wasn't.
Monta is in our hood, with the classic bowls of ramen and then some!
Jesse N. and I went semi all out, haha.
I say semi because we could of ate more.
We indulged ourselves in Chasu Buns, a mini Mentaiko Bowl, and I had the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen with Kim Chee and Nori on the side.
Ooooh weee!
Love the decor and the atmosphere, looks like they already have a few regulars too.
How did I miss this?!
Chasu Buns I must admit, wasn't as appetizing as my ramen or Mentaiko Bowl.
It could of been more on the steamy/hot side, that was my only complaint, still give it a go.
Mentaiko Bowl, eggs and rice, I'm talking fish eggs and rice to get your appetite going and top it off with the delicious tasting ramen that most Las Vegas Yelpers love?!
Sweeeet!
Great side to this is this place can fit a little bit more people than the Spring Mountain location.
We luckily didn't have to wait, but I did pass a sign in sheet by the door.
My noodle lovers, its a must go!

Having just eaten at the Spring Mountain location....I must say Monta Chaya is definitely the newer, sleeker model.
The decor is a little more modern, a whole lot more spacious, and the seats at the bar are more comfortable.
Also no seating nazi....I was seated without my whole party being present =).
Of course my first thought is to check the kitchen, there better be a Japanese chef in there!
Okay, this place is legit, the man cooking up the noodles is the right ethnicity.
This location brings back memories of the glory days of Monta in Chinatown.
The pork belly was nice and tender and the broth was not overly salty.
If I still lived on this side of town, I would definitely be a regular.
Also, they have karaage, shishitou, chashu buns, fried calamari, hakusai salad, and daikon salad.
So expanded menu and cleaner....that's always a plus in my book.

Have you been to Monta on Spring Mountain?
Did you like it?
You'll like this location more.
it addresses deficiencies the other one might have had.
Mainly the lack of seating area, and the under-done interior.
This location is "the perfect Monta," even!
You get the same satisfying ramen bowls.
Priced mostly just under $7.
For this you get the typical noodle-in-broth (shocking), with charshu and a couple of other things sprinkled on top.
I noticed, though, that there was an extra menu of appetizers I hadn't seen at the original location.
This could probably be new at both but since I haven't been to the original one in a bit... it's new!
Didn't try any of the items, though.
I think they should be putting more in their ramen, though.
This is a thought I gained from having a bunch of other ramen offerings here and in LA.
Sora usually throws in some eggs and more toppings - although they're also probably charging a little more.
Still.
It makes for a better initial impact especially for a newcomer.
Service is quick, the place is clean (I'm sure is extra attention being placed on code now), and probably fills a void in the ramen gap in that part of town.
Smart.

i like this location better than the spring mountain.
they have more stuff on the menu.
i love trying new items.
this time i had Shishito pepper and kimchi for app.
i did not care for the shishito pepper much.
kimchi was good.
next i had the Chashu Bowl.
that was delicious.
the staff was friendly, rest was clean.
the food came out quick.
i will def be back for more!

A bit salty for my taste but still one of the most flavorful bowl of ramen yet.
Earl and I shared the cod roe bowl, and each got our own bowl of ramen.
-Earl got the shoyu ramen with an order of chashu pork and nitamago -I got the tonkotsu shoyu ramen with an order of chashu pork  We both agree that my broth tasted more delicious than his shoyu broth, but the thicker noodle in the shoyu bowl tasted better than my thinner egg noodles.
Halfway through my bowl of ramen, I was stuffed, so Earl ate the rest of my ramen.
The chashu pork was nice and tender.
I think next time I will not order the extra pork because it was too much for me.
We sat at the bar and had great service.
The place is small, but seats more than its prior location.
I am definitely glad that it moved to Eastern because it is so much closer.

Still too date my first Ramen experience in Vegas was at Monta Ramen so going too Monta Chaya brought back found memories.
I hardly go too Monta not out of dislike just not someone generally likes too wait.
When you have Ramen Sora right down the road not as busy and just as good if not better.
Few and far between see Monta.
Monta Chaya brought back all the things I first love about getting me some ramen just like back home in da islands.
The shoyu ramen broth LOVE it!
I love the depth of flavor and the noodles are awesome.
The gyoza now that is something sorely MISS.
By far all the Ramen places in town been too few but truthfully not all.
Monta gyoza is league by itself.
I think its cooked too right on and the filling had so much flavor.
I also had the kim chee fred rice as side.
It was ono.
Just had right balance with the kim chee not spicy at all but well rounded with the vegetables and the sauce.
I am just happy that Vegas is blessed too add another great Ramen place in town.
Now with so many locations not part of town in that find some good Ramen.
The biggest bonus about this location and if ever need my Monta fix for sure this is location I would go before the original.
The food is the same at both locations.
Just SO much nicer at Monta Chaya for obvious reason its brand new, LOT more spacious seating from tables too seating at the bar, and like the decor inside very much modern asian theme.
The staff was friendly especially since went with my asian persuasian crew five of us in all.
They did great job of staying on top of our drinks and everything coming out in timing matter.
So if in the area need your Ramen fix Monta Chaya is place too get some!!

First time and wasn't disappointed.
Located right next to Gold's Gym, it's the obvious place to go for your post-workout carbs.
Met here with friends Ian A, Sugi S, Shirley B, and Terri R after a session at Gold's.
We were immediately seated and got our orders in.
Ramen Sora and Fukumimi are my only other ramen joints that I have hit out here in Vegas.
So far, I would still have Sora as my favorite with Monta coming in at a very close second.
Others may think differently, but this is my review and it's my opinion.
My ramen of choice at Monta was the Shoyo Ramen w/two extra eggs.
This is my favorite type of ramen...silky, thick, and the broth was perfect.
The eggs were cut in half, which gave the extra taste and protein.
Taste of my ramen is very similar to what you get at Sora.
I didn't try anything else because I was trying to save room for dessert.
Come to think of it, I didn't even finish my ramen.
The rest of the group ordered a mixed bag.
I'm sure it was good for them too because everything was demolished.
The restaurant itself is small, like Fukumimi.
This wasn't huge deal because it wasn't busy at the time.
But be warned, it got super busy after we left.
Overall, I have to give Monta 4 stars because of service, quality eats, and close to one of my gyms.
Shoyo Ramen:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6LwMtLgpCwomsUr33D20yg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ  Ladle Time:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6PsmOnbsmGNG5u4lUW6U-A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

First time eating at Monta Chaya today for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised!
First off the establishment - wayyy better than the original Monta!
Restaurant is clean and more spacious, however I can see this place possibly getting a bit tight during busy times.
There's also more parking space in this location.
The food - my mom and I ordered Tonkotsu ramen (her order was less salty, which i liked way better..!
) and a small pork belly bowl.
Both were very yummy and taste similar to the broth at the original Monta.
However, you still can't choose how you want the noodles cooked (reason for minus one star).
Servers were attentive and quick to refill our drinks.
I'm definitely going to make repeat visits at this place!

If you can tell from my previous reviews, I prefer not having to drive very far for delectable eats.
This place sits in a plaza that's nearby the local shopping centers and has ample parking.
I ordered the Miso with nori and egg.
It was a bit on the salty side, but delicious still.
I was looking for a spicy miso option, but none was available.
:(  I also ordered the cha shu bun and that was delicious since it was like a slider with the lettuce and sauce.
Great service and everyone was always smiling.

Food was bomb!
Don't forget to toss some minced garlic on your fried rice!!
Holy moly.

Probably the best ramen in Vegas, the broth of the Tonkotsu ( only one i get ) is super flavorful and not too salty.
Usually never get Shoyu or Miso because Tonkotsu is actual pork flavored broth ^^ was very excited that they opened this up right next to where I live because the on on Spring mountain was a bit more inconvenient.
Not only does this Monta have more roomier and friendlier interior, but the staff are topnotch and very friendly.
Because I go around 3-4 pm, Its not as packed as the other Monta, giving the employees more time to relax and help you out, whereas you rarely see the employees at the original Monta because it is so hectic.
They also have additional sides that the original Monta doesn't, like their delicious Charshu buns!
the old Monta was my favorite ramen place, but this tops it off even more.

Just as good as the original Monta but with even more menu items.
They have quite a few appetizers and I have tried many of them.
Both of the salads are great, a daikon one and a cabbage one.
The shishito peppers are yummy and the karrage is good.
Not as busy as the other location so you luckily don't have to wait as often.

here goes the most boring review ever...you ready?
It's Amazing

I am so happy to have a good ramen shop so close to my house!
Now I don't have to use so much gas.
I'm a regular at the Japanese market right next door to it and a few months back I saw them doing construction of Monta Chaya everyday, so you can only guess at my anticipation for it to open.
Let me tell you, I was not disappointed one bit.
Sat down with my brother after a long day of work and just wanted to have a good bowl of Tonkatsu-Shoyu ramen and maybe a little extra something something.
The waitress, I believe Mariah, was very helpful with telling me what was good.
So we went off her recommendations and got Ramen, Kaara-age, shishito, and bbq pork steam buns.
I really love this Monta now .

I admit that I was one of the faithful that stood in line for a seat at the Spring Mtn location.
So I was ecstatic when they opened a place on my side of town.
Tried it a couple of weeks ago, not too long after it opened.
The tonkatsu ramen was way too salty.
I'll chalk it up to opening hiccups... And will definitely try again.
However, since discovering Fukumimi's, it's going to be hard for me to stray.

Woohoo!
A Monta that is literally down the street from my house.
As everyone has been saying, if you liked the Monta on Sprint Mountain, you will surely like this one just as much, if not more so.
The place is very clean and a bit bigger than the one on Spring Mountain.
I ordered Tonkatsu Shoyu Ramen with nitamago and seaweed.
The Chasyu is so tender and melt in your mouth delicious.
The broth has rich deep porky flavor and is not too salty.
The noodles are cooked to the perfect firmness.
The nitamago is, to me, one of the best parts of a ramen dish and as usual, Monta makes them perfectly.
The yolk is tender and just undercooked enough to still be "yokey".
I overdid it quite a bit during my ramen craving phase.
So much so that I completely stopped craving ramen altogether, but after one bowl of ramen from this mew location, my cravings are back with full force!

Love this place!
Excellent cooked noodles, clean place, tasteful decor, fast service, great portions, and reasonable prices!!
I am so happy my friend took me here to eat.
Will be frequenting this place- a LOT!

I ordered take out today.
I got the tonkatsu ramen with nori on top and pork buns.
She informed me that the ramen noodles came uncooked for the to-go orders which was fine.
I figured it would be like pho where you pour the broth over it and it would cook.
This was not the case.
Now I'm left with raw noodles in thick flour-y broth even after trying the microwave.
It was my fault for not inquiring more but I didn't think my food should have needed instructions.
Secondly, the pork buns were good but not as traditional pork buns.
They are closer to a pork sandwich with their inclusion of lettuce and mayo.
Good, but if you're a fan of traditional pork buns then sit this one out.
All in all I will try sitting in the next time as I'm sure the ramen is better when it is properly prepared.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfMy1uMjkdw

Wait staff is very kind when you walk in everyone says hello.
Service is fast and the food is reasonably priced we loved it and we will go back

Love this noodle restaurant.
I used to live in Japan for two years and loved eating ramen there.
This place knows how to make ramen the way ramen is supposed to be made!
I love the Miso and Shoyu the best, but all are quite delicious.
For sides, I recommend the kimchee fried rice and bbq pork buns.
All quite tasty.
This location isn't as busy as the one in Chinatown on Spring Mountain, so whenever I am in the area I make an effort to stop by.

Monta is one of my favorite ramen houses in Vegas.
When I heard they opened a new on right by my house, I was extremely ecstatic.
It does not disappoint either.
All the broth has body and the right amount of flavor.
I can even order take out and eat it at home.
The steamed buns are magical as well.
The staff are friendly and your meal is ready very quickly too.
Five stars..

An impromptu date night landed us at Monta Chaya and we definitely left satisfied.
The service was superb.
The atmosphere and setting was just as great.
Most importantly the food was awesome.
I had the daikon salad and kimchee fried rice, both were delicious.
I would give five stars had it not been for the basic menu and lack of fresh, hot green tea.
Green tea from a can that has been heated and brought to my table along with a plastic cup just didn't cut it for me.
We will definitely be back though.
I'll just drink water.

2minutes from my house .
This place will get you full for 6 bucks but taste better then all the other"ramen" places out there.
Wish I could just live here and just eat all day and night and morning ...sorry getting carried away ,you get my drift

NO MORE PARKING ISSUES  Talking about Henderson coming a long way.
Of course I have to try Monta's sister restaurant Chaya.
What I save in gas money is equivalent to at least bowl of ramen and part of a side dish.
In other words I've nothing to lose.
Here's what the two of us ordered:  1 Tonkotsu Ramen $6.95 + Nitamago $1.50 + 2 pieces of Nori for $9.20 1 Tonkotsu Ramen no extras $6.95 1 Small Pork Belly Bowl with rice, green onions and ginger $3.95  *  Food total $20.10 before taxes and tip  I think Monte Chaya is perfected version of Monta.
I'm talking about service, ambiance, design and even ramen.... not to forget ample parking.

Was in vegas for EDC and my lil bro suggested this place for yummy ramen.
Being that it was a bajillion degrees outside, I had no idea why my friends were craving ramen.
Anyhow, the reviews looked good so we decided to check it out.
Upon arriving I saw that they had other, really affordable options, available.
Instead of killing myself with super hot ramen, I went with the Pork Belly Bowl, and that was a good choice.
For less then $7 you get a big bowl of delicious, fatty (but not too greasy), perfectly salted, steaming hot bowl of thinly sliced pork belly over soft white rice.
Served with lots of green onions and an array of sauces on the table, the meal was simple and yummy.
Personally i couldn't get enough of how delicious the pork belly was.
Perhaps since it was cut thinly, even though pork belly is normally overwhelming, the pork belly here was just the right amount of fatty.
I mixed my bowl with sesame oil, a little bit of soy sauce, pickled ginger, and mixed in so garlic paste that was reserved for the ramen (best choice ever).
If I'm ever in Vegas again, I'll definitely visit this little joint and probably give the ramen a try.

How I missed you Tonkotsu!
I want to hug you and squeeze you and call you George.
And boy am I glad you are available with less waiting time and more food options!!!
HELLO MONTA CHAYA!
I'm sorry folks but to me there is no debate, Monta has the most amazing ramen in Vegas!
When my bowl arrived with those very thin fatty slices of pork, wood ear mushrooms, bamboo shoots, scallions, an almost cooked egg and thin soft strands of noodles... my heart skipped a beat.
I looked down on it lovingly like it was my newborn babe... it was perfect.
And the broth... sigh...
I am going to crave this broth every time I am sick.
Or cold.
Or hungover.
Or pregnant.
Or missing some good ol' comfort food.
We arrived in the Henderson location at 8pm and waited 10minutes for a table (both the Henderson and Chinatown locations are real tiny).
Hubby who is unfortunately not a ramen fan enjoyed his pork belly rice bowl immensely.
And I almost had a foodgasm with the chicken karaage dipped in the garlic puree (how do they make this???!!!).
The chicken was so moist and crispy and savory, while the garlic puree added a little tang to it.
The skinny strips of marinated daikon offered refreshing relief in between the rich spoonfuls of ramen.
Perfect scores all around from food to ambiance to pricing to alcoholic drinks available to great service.
Wish you were next door Monta Chaya!
(or maybe I should move?

WOW!
If you are liking noodles, and needing a fix of real Ramen, this is truly a great place!
I have had Ramen in Japan, China, Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand, and I must say that I really enjoy the Ramen at Monta Chaya.
Service - 5 Star - The staff here are consistent, friendly, kind and very much professional.
They are busy, but treat you like family, help manage your expectations as it is a busy, small and crowded restaurant.
I have been here about 5-6 times now and it is very consistent.
Ambiance - 5 Star - Small, open kitchen, enough room for perhaps 22 people on tables and then perhaps 8-10 at the bar.
Typical small Ramen place but the perfect blend of size and coziness.
Ramen when I learn to eat it in Japan is all about waiting to sit down, ordering your food, eating and slurping while hot, drink all the soup, and then wipe your brow, thank everyone and leave so the next person can sit and enjoy.
No socializing here!
Food - 5 Star - Rather than discuss their Tonkatsu Ramen, Shoyu Ramen, Miso Ramen, I am just going to talk about the two things that count the most:  The noodles and the broth.
a. Noodles - Perfectly timed cooking on the noodles.
They have truly perfected the temperature and the al dente texture of the noodles.
I say this is perfect because you barely notice the noodle.
It is both delicate and substantial at the same time.
b.  Broth - The noodles do not interfere with the broth which is amazing.
Lightly flavored, but full of taste.
Nothing is overbearing, it is simply just ichiban.
What enjoy about the broth is that it is well balanced.
Not one ingredient is overpowering the flavor and to achieve this delicate balance is awesome!
c.  Other stuff - 5 star - They have cold noodles, extras bits and toppings, extra noodles and of course really great appetizers.
The kaarage and the gyoza are really fantastic.
I have to say, besides the great ramen, I really enjoy the staff here.
They make you feel welcome and part of the family and that makes me want to keep coming back and bringing more people!
GK says, check it out.

Most people who know me well would say that I am OBSESSED with noodle dishes of any kind, and ramen is on my top 3.
I can literally enjoy a bowl of ramen (or two) every single day and not get tired of it.
However, my experience at Monta Chaya was not as heavenly as I had hoped.
I ordered the tonkatsu/shoyu broth and although ramen is traditionally pretty salty and high in sodium content, this was too much for me.
The broth was so unbelievably salty that I couldn't even enjoy the noodles in the bowl.
I've had tonkatsu ramen and shoyu ramen in ramen-yas in LA, NYC, and Vegas, and I must say... here their broth is a bit too thick and heavy, the saltiest of them all!
Basically, I ALWAYS get double the noodles at ramen-yas.
This time, I had no desire to order kaedama.
I've always spoke highly of the gyoza at the original Monta on Spring Mountain Rd., and I was excited to order some during my visit to the new location; however, the waitress informed me that the new gyoza is deep-fried... :*(, so I chose to live without it.
When I saw a plate of gyoza being delivered to another table, I saw that it's definitely nothing like the amazing gyoza served on Spring Mountain.
That's a real shame!
The gyoza in the original Monta is NUMBER ONE in Vegas, in my book.
The karaage was a HUGE disappointment.
The breading was bland and the chicken inside was stringy.
The steamed pork buns were "O-K".
We've had much better ones in various Chinese restaurants.
The other big negative is that they do not offer one spicy-flavored broth.
To me, there are very few things that are more incredible than a large bowl of spicy ramen, especially when the spicy is done right (cough, ramen sora, cough cough.
)  All in all, I know Monta and Monta Chaya are huge hits in the Vegas ramen-eating community, and I can respect and understand why; however, it is not my cup of tea.
I would go to the new Ramen Tatsu for my tonkatsu broth cravings and Ramen Sora for ... pretty much everything else :).

Always Good Noodles Ramen I'm glad they have one on eastern now

Let me start by disclosing that in no way shape or form am I a "ramen connoisseur" a "ramen expert" and I'm pretty sure that I can't tell you the difference in the noodles.
I am however a lover of all things food, and especially soups.
I love..love...love...love.love.Monta Chaya.
I also love (the same amount of times) the original Monta in Chinatown.
What I love as much as the first set of loves is that its literally 5 minutes from my house now.
I love how everyone greets you when you walk in and leave, I love the shoyu ramen, I love the fried rice...I however don't love the shisito peppers...the sauce is nasty (in my opinion).
The peppers will not keep me from coming back weekly.
I hate pork...if you didn't know pigs don't sweat...well never mind that's for another day...so I order it with chicken broth minus the pork.
Yummy!!
I love it so much that I'm eating soup in the 110+ degree weather.
When its as good as Monta it doesn't matter if its the surface of the sun, its still freaking good.

Love this place.
I come for the ramen stay for the bao.
I love their ramen.
Their broth isn't too salty and fatty.
Their prices are decent and pretty cheap.
The wait staff is very friendly and very attentive.
They always make sure glasses are filled with drinks and the tables are cleaned from any accumulated debris.
The atmosphere is very casual.
Monta Chaya is set up like a traditional Japanese restaurant.
Simple and clean.
One of my favorite aspects (besides the food) is that the wait staff takes your order on Ipad minis.
Super Kawaii I must say.lol

Monta, now closer to home.
Gyoza is good, noodles are good, the whole thing is great.
Getting the mixed brother is nice, but in summer time the hiyashi chuka can't be beat.
Such a great variety of food, side dishes and always consistently good quality.
Parking is ample, space is still limited.
Go in off peak hours for best results.
It's conveniently right next to Japan Creek, so you can walk next door, buy similar ingredients and make ramen at home.
Then cry into your bowl, as it fails to taste even a third as good as what you just had from Monta.

Chris and the girls love this location.
I think its ok.
The miso broth is amazing but there is not enough in the bowl.
I would like a bowl full of piping hot broth, but this is not gonna happen here, the broth dont even cover the noodles.
Been there 3 times already, dont count on it...
The ramen are a bit chewy to my taste and that's because they are not made in house but store baught... yikes, at that price the least they could do is to serve fresh ramen.
Also I love seasoned eggs but they are always served cold instead of warm, I dont get thst either...  We tried the mini pork sandwich and my question is... where is the meat?!!!
This place is just ok, definitely overpriced for the size of the portion and the quality of the noodles.
Also, absolutely no free drink refill.

Absolutely heavenly silky noodles in slightly salty broth with tender fatty pork good enough for the most discriminating asian palette.

I love ramen!
This is one of the best ramen places in Vegas/Henderson.
It's even better now that it is so close to my house.
This location has a few more items on their menu than the location in Chinatown.
My favorite is the Miso ramen or the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen...it depends on which type of noodles I'm craving.
Sometimes I do add in takana mustard leaves to my ramen.
If I'm hungry a side of steamed gyoza or Kim chee fried rice is delicious!
If its 100+ degrees outside and you want something refreshing, the Hiyashi Chuka with Goma Dressing hit the spot.
The service here is excellent!
My drinks are always filled and the staff is very friendly.

I absolutely love this place!
Although I don't have much experience in the Ramen world as I am more of a Pho guy, I do know what my tastebuds like!
The menu is simple and straight forward with enough items to keep me going back *literally* three times a week.
The staff is extremely friendly, and there's no language barrier.
Extremely fast service too; a great place if you have to have a quick but enjoyable lunch.
I personally love the Tonkatsu Shoyru (sp?
), which is the blend of both the pork and chicken broth, pan fried gyoza, and the fried rice with mustard leaves!
If ya don't like it, I'll give ya your money back!

The service was outstanding.
It was clean and comfortable inside.
I knew going in there that its a noodle/ramen house.
Even knowing that, I was disappointed in the noodles themselves.
I got a salad and ate some gyoza--which were both delicious.
The deal with the noodles -- the broth wasn't flavorful and I didn't care for the texture.
Also, and this was my biggest peeve, was that I ordered extra slices of pork on top of the noodles.
They were paper thin, flavorless, and disintegrated upon contact with chopsticks.

Monta Chaya has food as amazing as Chinatown sister property Monta Ramen, but without the long lines and drive to Spring Mountain Road.
They greet you when you walk in, similar to a sushi bar.
Clean, friendly.
Delicious ramen broth/noodles/meat.
My favorite is the Tonkotsu.
One nitpick: I wish they would serve fountain drinks/fresh tea instead of canned cola and tea.

Good food, cheap beer, will be back!

Decent ramen but not my favorite.
The chashu is very inconsistent in quality.
The rest is good and it's close to home which makes me a regular.

This is the best ramen place in all of Las Vegas.
We love it.
I was very tempted to try the cold noodle today being that it's over 100...but the miso ramen is just too good.
Maybe next time I'll venture out of my comfort zone.
Miso ramen about 7 bucks, add egg for an additional 1.5 and you have perfection.
Always quick seating, welcoming service and delicious food :)   Oh and if it's your first time, don't be alarmed when they all yell at you when you come and leave.
I don't know what it means, but it's kind of nice to have everyone acknowledge you when you come and go!

UPDATE!
- Okay so as far as the last review I have been here at least 7-8 more times.
Every time It is the same and still as good and yummy as it was before everything stays  consistent which I like that doesn't always happen.

I heart the pork belly bowl.
Enough said!

If anyone has been to the Monta on Spring Mountain know how busy and delicious it is...
I have great news; this location is just as good but half the traffic.
The layout it pretty much the same with the bar seating and the L shape tables except there a little more walking area and space between tables.
The menu is exactly the same down to the prices.
Also when you order here they do not use paper they use a mini IPad and it goes straight to the POS system.
Overall just as good as the original but less traffic and a lot closer to my house :)

I've been to a couple of great ramen places, ippudo, ajisen, etc.
and since i was so tired of buffet casino food, I have this place a try.
I ordered the tonkatsu shoyu ramen.
the noodles had a nice bit, but the broth was very salty.
it didn't have that 'creamy' rich texture (gelatin) i was expecting.
except for it being salty, it was rather bland.
it's $7 for the pretty bare bones version, 2 slices of pork.
you basically have to pay for egg, seaweed, corn, extra pork, etc.
for las vegas, i suppose it's okay but doesn't compare at all to the great noodle houses of japan.

I was about to write a review of Monta Chaya, but thinking about it makes me want Monta noodles.
Now.
So instead, I'm heading over there right now to get my fix.
This is as good as the Spring Mountain location.

This Monta is slightly bigger than the one on Spring Mountain, and seems to have a bit more items on their menu (They have pork bao!
I might try that next time).
However, the taste/flavor of their ramen doesn't meet my expectations after being a regular at Monta Spring Mountain.
Don't get me wrong, it was still good, but not great.
I would've given this place 4 stars... but, during my quest to devour all the ramen, i bit into something hard.
Upon further inspection, it seemed to be a wood chip?
It was dark brown in color, so it couldn't have come from my chopsticks (your typical wooden tan disposable chopsticks).
My best guess is it was from a wooden ladle when they were dishing out the broth?
I guess I shall never know.
It was towards the end of my meal, so I just left it as is.

Update number 2- I know this is my second up date and I'm a bad bad girl for doing so.
BUT I had to let you guys know about this.
I know most of you should have heard/seen the "new" menu for monta, and it is now out.
They have a "spicy" ramen and a "black garlic" ramen.
I came here for lunch and got the tonkatsu shoyu with the black garlic oil on the side.
OH MY GODS!!!
Okay, I didn't use all of it because, I didn't want to over power the taste of the actual soup, but it added such a depth of flavor.
For most who don't know what black garlic taste like it has a sweet, carmalized type taste and it still has a garlicy finish, it's so good and I recommend it :).

Ramen time!!
I think both locations are pretty much equidistant from my home, but I find myself coming here more.
The food is more or less the same at both Monta's but upon dining in yesterday (9/24), I noticed the ramen was a little less salty.
This is not a bad thing!
Before it was a bit much..
I do enjoy salty foods but man does it taste much better.
My fav here is the mentaiko bowl but I most certainly get down on some noodles, especially the yuzu cold noodle and the shoyu ramen (no pork chashu, topped with nitamago instead).
Whether I go for cold or hot depends on the weather or my temperment, but I'm usually a cold noodle eater most of the time.
Flavorful grubs and the price isn't too bad.
Plus, if you are a hungry like me, you can always opt for more noodles if you have some ramen broth left over - kaedama style.

Monta has a special place in my heart for being the best japanese ramen in vegas.
The only I didnt like about the original location on Spring Mountain is that there is always a wait.
Then one day while browsing through yelp I noticed that Monta had indeed opened one on my side of the town.
From what I can tell the broth taste the same as the original location and there is never a line.
I have been here multiple times at different hours and never had to wait.
The place is just as small as the original location but the decor is nicer since it is newer.

Ramen is always a good pick me up.
The miso ramen here is my favorite.
I have also had there fried rice, but who are we kidding.
Who goes to a ramen place to order rice?
haha  A friend of mine questioned me when I introduced him to ramen.
"Why would you go out to eat ramen when you can buy a packet at the market for a quarter?
" WELL, lets just say he regrets that statement after eating here and we have been back several times.

Wow!
Nice find!
We ordered several dishes, as we do when we try a new restaurant.
Every dish was fresh, hot and delicious.
The staff was professional yet friendly.
The place itself was clean and efficient.
When we walked in the place was full so we sat at the counter.
Great place as our order was passed  to us as it was cooked.
Suuuuper!
Recommend for excellent food and at a reasonable priced.

Came here a couple weeks ago.
Pretty small and cozy spot.
I am told it is bigger than their other ramen spot, Monta Ramen.
I don't know, they both seem pretty small.
It was fairly empty on this Monday night.
So we were seated right away.
Service was very quick and friendly.
While perusing the menu, a special posted on the wall caught my attention, so I went for that.
Call me a sucker for sometimes wanting to try items you wouldn't typically get to taste.
I forgot the name.
It was a black garlic flavored ramen.
It was a nice, hot bowl of blackness woo.
Slighty smoky and bitter but savory and not too overpowering.
Also had the Takana fried rice.
Can't quite describe the flavor of the rice, but it was good.
I really enjoyed those two items.
Sad to say I live across town and Monta Ramen is alot closer, I might not frequent this place as often as I'd like.
Still if I'm in the area, it would definitely be a consideration.

Okay...
This was my very first time trying Ramen.
I love Pho and eat it all the time so I had to try this place.
I was REALLY REALLY disappointed!
The calamari is BLAND!
There is no flavor what so ever although the presentation is nice.
I forgot which Ramen my cousin ordered for me but it had the one with pork.
Okay,...
The pork meat was ALL FAT!
Couldn't even eat it cuz it was so slimy!GROSS!
The soup had flavor but everything was just BLAND!
There wasn't any flavor when it came to eating the soup with the noodles.OH!
And Whhhut?!
No veggies in the soup?
I think i'll stick to eating pho instead.
BUT, I will give this place 1 star for pretty presentation and nice customer service.
I wont go back here though.

This may be a small place, but it has one of the best foods out here in Las Vegas!
They have more on their menu than their original counterpart on Spring Mountain, and it's a bit more spacey as well.
I have never tasted their ramen, since I always order their fried rice, rice bowls, cold noodles, and one of the appetizers.
They gave my taste buds the feeling of a champion eater!
Their condiments and sauce were incredibly unique and gave extra taste to my buds.
This is about 30 minutes away from home, but I go here just to experience how their food is never ending delicious!
Friendly staff as well, and their cooks are informative as well.
I like how they take their orders from an IPad, plus their waitresses are cute hehe :D. I have never tasted any food similar to theirs because they probably have their own unique ingredients.
And the price is a little on the cheap side.
I recommend this to everyone, whether you're a fan of Japanese foods or not, because this will transform your taste buds forever.

Genuine.
A much abused term in Vegas.
In this rare case, absolutely true.
I haven't had a better ramen since Japan, and it is not for the lack of trying in many large cities.
And unlike some Japanese houses, no huge bill, no wait line, no feeling uncomfortable in presence of a respected chef.
I'm working my way through the menu, one lunch at the time...

I love Monta and finally I don't have to drive to Chinatown anymore.
My favorite, Cold Noodles with Yuzu.
Everybody should try them!
Draft beer for the win.

I'm a novice when it comes to ramen, but it was as good as advertised.
I loved the silky smooth and rich broth of the tonkotsu ramen ($6.95) and the 2 slices of pork were so tender you barely need to chew.
The chashu buns ($5) weren't bad.
I loved the pork and the mild spiciness of the sauce, but wasn't crazy about the cold, wet lettuce.
Seating is somewhat limited so avoid peak dining hours unless you're willing to wait.
Prices are a bargain for what you get and if you're planning on paying with a credit card there's a minimum order of $10.
4.5 Stars

I love the ramen and the bun here.
I'm not sure if Monta is a chain, but there are 2 more places in Spring Mountain.
Anyway, this place is closest to my place, so my wife and I come here quite often.
My regular dish is the fried rice and regular ramen... both are awesome dishes.
They just barely have the new dish, I can't remember the name, but it's port-bun, really good.
You guys should try.

My husband and I eat at the establishment on Spring Mountain since it's close to my home.
My husband was on the other side of town and decided to phone in a pick up order to bring home.
I dont really care for their ramen, but their pork belly has been my favorite.
When my husband got home and we sat down to start eating I took a couple bites of the pork rice & immediately told my husband it tasted different than the one on Spring Mountain.
He took a couple of bites and agreed.
Later on that night my husband was rushing to the bathroom several times.
He was like that until 4 a.m.
I woke up the next morning not feeling well.
Went to work & ended up getting sent home due to throwing up in the garbage can in my back room.
Low and behold FOOD POISONING.....
I will never be able to eat at either location ever again... what a disappointment...

I went there because I was in the area at 11:30 a.m. shortly after they opened.
The one downside was that it was packed.
Other then that, the service was super friendly, and fast.
I ordered gyoza and spicy ramen with egg.
The ramen wasn't as spicy as I would have liked, but it was still good.
The eggs were well seasoned and the pork was cooked excellently.
Not overdone.
The gyoza was one if the best I've seen at a restaurant.
it was seared but not overly crunchy.
I will be going back.
A lot.

Just an OK ramen place.
The broth is a bit too thick and the fatty meat will melt in the broth, which makes the whole bowl more oily.
Plus, service is really slow here.
Not sure it's the problem of front or back of house.
Hopefully there are better ramen restaurants in LV.

Tasty ramen and great menu items.
Small place with small menu but good food.
Prices are pretty reasonable.
Finally another Monta!
The other location is always packed so its nice to have another option.
This location needs to perfect the taste like the other Monta has.

Came in at 6:30 on a Monday night.
Minimal wait for a table, simple menu, quick service, and yummy food.
My kids, whom are normally very picky, loved everything.
This was a first time visit for us, but won't be the last.
I had the miso ramen: added corn, eggs, and nori.
Next time I'm getting extra eggs - they are SO GOOD!!!
Saw a table next to us with 2 orders of potstickers.
They weren't on the menu, but we would have ordered them had they of been.

On a rainy day, ramen is a necessity to stay warm and Monta is the perfect choice!
I like monta Chaya (the Henderson location on eastern) better than the monta in Chinatown because it's bigger, there's never a wait, the staff is friendlier, and there's a bigger selection of appetizers!
My favorites: green tea, shishitsu peppers, and miso ramen.
the shishitsu peppers are flash fried, offering js the right amount of crisp and soft center to every bite.
The sauce they glaze over the peppers is sweet and complements the slight hint of spiciness from the peppers.
But what monta is known for is their miso ramen, and hands down, this is the best tasting miso broth in Vegas.
It's light and not too salty.
The pork is so tender that it js melts in your mouth.
Add in some egg and seaweed, and my ramen experience is mouthwatering perfection.

Great Ramen.
My Favorite Restaurant!

Here's what I can say.
This is the second time I've came here and it's been packed and I couldn't eat.
That's a great sign.
On a Thursday at 800pm the restaurant was full and 6 people waiting.
All good signs.
Smelled amazing and the people dining all had things that looked good.
Can't wait to actually eat here lol.

You know that "ramen-life" (I just made that up!
) is definitely good when you take that first delicious spoonful of Tonkatsu Ramen from Monta Chaya.
The creamy silky texture combined with the almost overpowering combination of flavors that dance across your tongue for hours to come.
It's nearly indescribable and therefore, if you are reading this, you are now bound and committed by all the power of Yelp, to try it yourself!
An essential part of the experience is the formal Japanese greeting when you enter, the decor, the tradition of the experience, and the formal goodbye when you leave.
This is not soup in a bowl.
THIS IS RAMEN.
The real thing.
The tradition.
The excellence.
The secrecy of the recipe and the multi-day preparation technique.
The fact that no two purveyors off his delicious meal have the same approach, the same ingredients, the same exact technique.
True ramen is a unique life event that must be experienced to understand and appreciate.
But, will we ever truly understand?
Doubtful.
Let's just agree to enjoy.

Good tonkotsu ramen, tried the new  kuro ramen but preferred the tonkotsu shio ramen.
Also tried the crispy sushi with spicy tuna, will pass on that next time.
Spicy tuna rather bland.
Very similar to the Spring Mtn shop sans long lines .
We still prefer the Spring Mtn venue, however.

Food is good.
Everyone else in the restaurant had gotten their order but they forgot ours and our waitress kept telling us that it was coming clearly knowing it was missed.

Darn it i hate this place for being so far away from the house on a positive note wonderful and yummy i had the kimichi fried rice (raised on it so im slightly picky) was wonderful just the right amount of heat and the flavor was great prices low food quality high a place to come to

I'm in love with this awesome restaurant Wonderful Ramen, I have to say THE BEST in Las Vegas!!
Good prices, clean and relax atmosphere, awesome waiters and complements to the nice chef!!
Would recommend this place to everybody out there looking for a great experience.

Since the infamous closing of Noodle Cha Cha, I have been searching the depths of Yelp to find a good Ramen spot within the Henderson area.
Fortunately, I found Monta Chaya on Eastern.
The layout is small-mid size, clean, with wood decor.
Obviously their specialty is Ramen, so their menu is predominately Ramen based with appetizers like gyoza and karaage.
I usually get the Miso Ramen and it's legit.
If you want to add extras (like a boiled egg) then you're gonna pay extra.
No complaints, I'll be back again.

Pork buns were tasty a little on the fatty side but good.
Ramen was good seems like the broth on spring mountain is better but overall nit bad.
The service was good.
Place looked clean.

I can definitely say this was not the best ramen I've ever had.
Unfortunately I came here with high expectations since word of mouth & yelp ratings were giving this place top marks.
Maybe it's because I'm spoiled with the ramen options in LA (Santouka, Daikokuya, & Shin-sen-gumi to name a few popular spots) but I thought the ramen here was just okay.
My family ordered the kuro ramen, spicy miso ramen, miso ramen, and tonkotsu ramen.
I tried a bit of the broth from each and all were too thick for my preference, with the exception of the kuro ramen (with black garlic oil) which was the best tasting of the bunch.
The regular miso ramen broth was not flavorful, and the ratio of broth to noodles was off (there was so much noodle it seemed to have soaked up all the broth).
On the bright side, we ordered the pork belly bowl and mini mentaiko (cod) bowl and both were pretty good!
I'm not usually a fan of pork belly and I thought it was the best dish of the whole meal.
4 ramen bowls, 1 large pork belly bowl, and 1 mini mentaiko was more than enough for our family of 5, and we had leftovers.
Total cost was around $52.
I wouldn't mind coming back since the prices are decent, though I wouldn't order ramen again.

I like the food but it can be a little salty (which is expected with ramen) but I noticed a few mild inconsistencies.
It's also very small so they can have long waits.
However I still come back.
It's one of the better ramen places in Las Vegas!
I still recommend it.

The food is very good and prices are fantastic.
I recommend the daikon salad it is visually pleasing and delightfully delicious.
I love that I don't have to go to Chinatown for this treat.Parking could be a challenge.
I also wish that the servers would smile more that Wil give it a 5 star...

Sometimes the first time for anything can go awry...like pulling your first loose tooth, popping an ingrown hair, or your first cavity search.
And I've had a lot of bad ones...but I stopped into Monta Chaya and tried out the kuro ramen because the big old piece of laminated paper said "brand new on the menu".
Oooooooh shiny paper!
The kuro ramen came out smelling and tasting amazing!
The garlicky broth and buttery noodles couldn't ruin this virgin kuro eaters experience.
It was so popular, my lady damn near inhaled half of it (I should've ordered two).
But I also recommend ordering the pork belly bowl and crispy rice tuna roll if it's offered.
The pork belly bowl is a staple but the crispy rice tuna seemed like a monthly special.
I remember ordering something similar to the tuna at another restaurant and it was three times the price and not as delicious.
Anywhoo, eating the kuro ramen was a highlight for me in 2013 and totally makes all the cavity searches worth it.

Had high expectations from all the great reviews from Yelp.
I know Ramen places tend to be salty (though I've eaten at a few places that weren't), and this was no exception.
If the ramen and the meat was flavorful, I couldn't really tell because the salt content drowned out all the flavor.
I had the pork and chicken soup base and my gf had the chicken soup base.
Both were equally salty.
I even added a bowl of hot water to my soup and it was still salty.. Ugggh!
And the two slices of pork I got in my soup was literally more fat than meat.
And now I'm feeling so thirsty..  Definitely not one of the better places for ramen.
I will not be returning.

I will go to Monta Chaya probably every time I go to Vegas from now on.
A ton of interesting dishes as well as some good strong staple dishes.
We got the cold noodles without meat (delicious), the mustard greens fried rice (awesome), and a salad that I honestly can't remember right now.
All the ramen dishes around us looked great and since this place is open pretty late (11pm) it was pretty packed at night.

I had something at Monta Chaya that I've not even seen at other Japanese restaurants.
Cold Noodles.
We got them vegetarian style, which just meant without meat.
You get a big plate of cold ramen noodles with either yuzu or sesame sauce, and it is topped with veggies like cucumber, onion, seaweed, other things I either couldn't identify or don't remember.
We went with the yuzu and I loved it, but we'll try sesame next time.
We also shared the takana fried rice and some salad that was awesome.
The takana was great, but I want to try the kimchi fried rice next time.
Those are pretty much the only vegetarian options since this is mainly a ramen place and all the ramens have meat-based broths.
But, I'd still go here every time I'm in Vegas from now on because even though they only have a few vegetarian dishes, the ones they have are AMAZING.
Great prices, the whole meal for two people was $20.

On our recent trip to Vegas from the New England, we were craving ramen.
Having lived in Hawaii and Los Angeles, and frequenters of Ippudo in New York, you can consider us ramen fiends.
FOOD - We ordered tonkotsu ramen and tonkotsu-shoyu ramen (it's NOT "tonKATsu," people!
), gyoza, kimchi fried rice, pork belly bowl, and mini mentaiko bowl.
Yes, a lot of food for 3, but again, we're fatties!
I could not finish my ramen (this NEVER happens!
), because the broth was too oily and too salty.
It was saltier and oilier than any kotteri broth I've ever had, really inedible.
The noodles were perfectly cooked (though we ordered katamen - firm noodles - so that's a confounder), though.
I was sad that I couldn't eat more of the noodles because the oily broth was just too much of a turn off.
The side dishes, though, were SUPER good.
The gyoza was steamed and fried perfectly, so I was glad.
The kimchi fried rice was very tasty and the kick of sour kimchi was really good.
The pork belly bowl was pretty good, but I still LOVE the one from Daikokuya in LA.
The mentaiko bowl was also good, per my husband, as I don't particularly enjoy mentaiko.
AMBIANCE - par for the course for a ramen shop.
SERVICE - attentive and appropriate to assure quick turnovers during rush time!
lots of enthusiastic greetings like most ramen shops.
There was a reasonable wait (about 20 minutes) when we went at lunch time.
VALUE - decently priced!
didn't break the bank like Ippudo does :P  PARKING - ample parking outside!
Overall, ramen in LA is still the best on the west coast!

Ok here's the deal.... NBD, but I'm the #1 regular at this spot.
When I go there today, it will mark my 40th checkin in 3.5 months.
That being said, it doesn't really matter if you eat there or not because I am single-handedly keeping the lights on.
OK but if you're interested in how good it is (besides the fact that my calculated annual expenditure for ramen at Monta is literally four thousand dollars).... just go and try it.
Or don't.
For all your ramen are belong to me!!!
Love this place.
The food, SUPER friendly service *every* *stinking* *time*, it's fast, inexpensive, and just yummy as all hell.
So get out and try this place, because I'm seriously considering just buying the joint and hogging it all to myself....!

Soup on a cold winter's night is just what the body needs.
I'd give Monta Chaya a solid 4.5 stars.
It's just like the original Monta over on Spring Mountain, but with a bigger space.
The food is great, the people are super sweet and friendly, and the prices are cheap!
That being said, they get super busy, especially during this time of year--expect a bit of a wait during peak eating hours.
At times, they can use a few more people serving--it's THAT busy.
Big parties are welcome, but with so many people coming in, it can take a little longer to get a big party seated together.
Just a thought to keep in mind.
Ordering to-go is also another great option.
They can cook it for you or you can prepare it at home for fresh tasting ramen in the comfort of your own home ;)

Very good!!!!!!
The crispy rice was my FAV!!!!
The soup was large and warm and way better then ones i have tried before.... i got mine spicy and was well worth it, even though i had to add a lot more of the spices provided on the table to get it to a temp that i emjoyed.
Will be back!!!

TL;DR  Food Taste: 5 Food Quantity: 5 Service: 4 Price: $$ (bowl of ramen with extra meat and an appetizer/side dish puts you at about 18-20 with tax and tip, no EtOH) Value: 4.5  Apparently this place is related to the Monta down in Chinatown.
While I had frequented the Chinatown location on several occasions, it was becoming quite tedious to drive out there for a ramen fix.
Then I found out they opened up a branch store in Henderson, and happiness befell me.
Then I found out that they had more culinary experiments at this location, and bliss tickled my tongue.
Ramen: Several varieties.
most are familiar to Monta-goers.
Shoyu (soy sauce), Tonkotsu, Shoyu-Tonkotsu, and Miso.
There are the addition of Kuro/Black (Tonkotsu + black garlic oil) and Red (Tonkotsu + red hot spicy whatevers).
Overall, the broths are less salty than the Chinatown location (makes it less authentic, but certainly more palatable if you like to finish the soup.
), otherwise most are the same except for the addition of the black and red ramen.
The Black ramen gets its name and color from the roasted garlic oil.
Gives the soup a speckly black appearance, and gives the ramen a slightly bitter taste.
Either way, if you like garlic with a hint of bitter, this is an excellent ramen.
The Red ramen is just angry spicy.
Think of it as your Tonkotsu ramen + Sriracha.
Probably a match made in heaven for some people.
I have no problems with it.
Appetizer: Crispy Rice with spicy tuna topping.
One word: delicious.
The crunch of the sushi rice topped with the pleasantly spicy tuna is probably the most amazing thing ever.
If you came here and just got 3 orders of this and had nothing else, I wouldn't blame you at all.
(Note: tuna is raw.
)  The other appetizers aren't so bad either, but that Crispy rice.......*drool*  Conclusion: Hooray!
A ramen place close to home with other goodies!

Feeling a little under the weather and my better half was craving porky belly so monta it is.
She ordered pork belly and chasu bowls.
I went with gyoza, crispy rice, shishitou peppers and a bowl of spicy ramen in hopes that it'd clear my stuffy nose.
Everything came out right away and service was efficient.
Food was delicious and comforting.

Hmmm... this is where Pizza Cat becomes Ramen Cat.
Okay, not really.
Alrighty Yelp, I'm giving in to the masses and giving Monta a 5-star.
Do I think they deserve the five stars?
Yes and no.
I'm going to get all James Beard on you... it's hard to give a ramen place 5 stars.
It's like giving In-N-Out 5 stars (yes, I know I gave Taco Tijuana 5+ stars, nyuk, nyuk) but it my opinion, it's hard to mess ramen up.
And Monta serves a tasty bowl, but c'mon, it's ramen, as in, I could buy a packet for $2 and boil water and voila!
I have ramen.
As for their 'broth" and their charshu, it was the best or second to the best I've had in Vegas.
It is not the best.
There is much better in LA.
But it was good and for Vegas it was 5 star.
They deserve 5 stars because the place is niiiice.
That's much better than nice, but not quite amazing.
It's clean, they have nice bathrooms, the cook looked and spoke Japanese.
The service from the male waiter was excellent, I didn't care much for the girl, but she was ok.
I loved their appetizers.
I had the fried calamari that was tempura coated and fried to perfection.
I also had their crispy rice (deep fried sushi rice) topped with spicy tuna.
A nice twist on an overdone fave.
So while I'm not a Monta fanatic, I'm a Monta fan.
But I think I could delete ramen from my diet and not suffer.
Doubt they will miss me, as the place was packed on a Monday night.
Good for them.
Vegas needs to have more great ramen places.

If you are a fan of Japanese ramen and you're in Las Vegas..this is the place to go!
Monta Chaya is located in south Las Vegas, so its only minutes away from McCarran Airport/the Las Vegas strip / and Henderson residents.
We had a party of four and went to Monta around 10pm.
Our server was Joseph and he gave us excellent service.. His knowledge about the food and the restaurant make us want to return here..everything we ordered was made perfect...

We were here for lunch on our last day of our vacation.
I think the one I had was called Black Garlic Ramen.
I was pretty good.
Nothing fantastic.
Although I really enjoyed the gyoza that had a strong ginger flavor that I liked.

I love their pork belly bowl and their chashu bans are delish!
The service is always nice, I love this place.
5 out of 5

I used to think this was the best ramen in vegas, but Sora ramen completely blew this place out of the water.
The place is near eastern and serene inside the plaza containing at&t, golds gym and dennys.
The inside of the place is set up like most ramen places, small tables and a bar where the chef cooks.
All the furniture are wooden.
This place is really casual and gets all types of people coming in from the gym, school, and just ramen cravers.
I never really had to wait for a table and their customer service is somewhat decent.
Refills on water are sometimes late, but its better late than never.
As for the wait time on food it feel almost instant.
The downpart of this place is it's food.
I ended up ordering the tonkatsu ramen...and there is where sora starts beating the crap out of monta's standards.
The broth from monta is very lacking and has no distinct taste at all.
The portion of the ramen isn't so generous, as me and friend finished the whole bowl we still felt hungry.
So those are my major gripes about it.
One good thing I can say though is their pork is absolutely delicious.
And honestly for the price you're better off going to sora.
I always get extra seaweed and at monta they only give you two extra seaweeds, while at sora they give you a bowl full.

We tried it yesterday for a late lunch and then AGAIN today for a 7PM dinner, yeah it really is that good.
We really like this place compared to other Japanese noodle places in Henderson, the noodle portion is a decent size and I would think you would order the extra side of noodle portion if you are really in need of a noodle belly bomb.
The broth is perfectly seasoned and you have  several choices to choose from as well as extra toppings.
We suggest you try the crispy rice appetizer, it's crunchy rice with spicy tuna on top, very unusual and very delicious I didn't really like the soft white Chasu buns with the pork in them, but my wife did and apparently it's a favorite of many others.
I tried the Kim Chee fried rice and it was well done and not too oily or overly spicy.
Also I went outside the box and tried their cold noodle dish and it was to me the best thing I ever ate in 2014 and will probably order that dish more than the hot soup dishes that usually gets me overheated.
(not in spice, but in warmth) but I guess that is the draw to have some hot noodles in the winter time.
The drinks are served in cans with a side of ice, but hopefully they will have a fountain to serve from later since a per can charge for soft drinks can add up on the refills.
Also some flat screen TV's on the walls would be very welcomed during sports time, but then again maybe not since the place is small and people are usually always waiting for a table, so probably better for people to eat and leave right away to make room for others.
The wooden benches are kind of uncomfortable, but as I said, they want you to eat and make room for other diners, so eat eat eat and go go go!
Prices are very reasonable, the food is tasty and not overly salty, lots of flavors involved here, really good eats!
The odds are we will be back within the week, very well done!

My first time at this location.
I ordered Tonkotsu with thick noodles and added egg and corn.
I did not care for the seaweed that comes with it.
The soup was overall better than the one I had at the spring mountain location.
It was still too salty for my palette.
I've had really amazing ramen...
This just isn't one of them for me.

The first time I pulled up to Monta Chaya there was a line out the door.
This is the sign of good food.
And so I stuck it out.
Once inside we were seated at the bar and immediately given friendly service.
I had the Spicy Tonkatsu ramen with extra pork and an egg added.
The broth was delicious.
And the spice was perfect.
This is two utensil food, you'll need to be handy with chopsticks and a spoon to fully enjoy its delicious, messy, slurpy goodness.
They also have several small salads and appetizers to choose from if you bring someone with you who isn't into ramen.
But I'd recommend encouraging them to try it - this isn't Top Ramen.
It isn't watery soup.
It is some of the most flavorful broth and meat you'll taste.
I used to hear people saying, "Ramen is life".
I never understood it.
At least that is until I set foot into traditional style ramen houses like this one.
Monta Chaya is a cozy and beautifully designed ramen house tucked into a strip mall.
The atmosphere is very authentic, despite the strip-mall location.
Head inside and expect to sit arm to arm with fellow ramen-eaters because this place is usually busy and for good reason!
Highly recommended due to quality, authenticity, and location.

I just left there with a couple of my friends.
It was unbelievable they said that their computer went down so they messed up our order .
Honestly people who came way after us got their order .
We kept on reminding them but all they gave us was were working on it.
After an hour of waiting for noodles, we decided to pay for our drinks  and appetizers and leave .
Can you imagine being hungry, cold, and ignored.
Sorry but I am going back to Shoyu where you're always welcome and appreciated.

So good!!!!
My husband and I have come here twice in less than a week.
We have fallen in love with their pork belly bowl.
It reminds me a lot of a yoshinoya beef bowl but way better!

hubby and i took our cuzzen here ...lunch time of course theres a waiting time.
you have to sigh in...i understand...but noone there to say how long.
then we when we were called in ...the hostess/waitress- NO smile on face, didnt understand a word what we were asking and got our order wrong.
never came by to check on us.
i had to call each time to ask for more water.
their dishes were too salty or just too much base for the soup.
their sister restaurant was a little better BUT i dont think they understand when i ask for extra soup base or extra hot water.
oh and i cant get my soup without noodles or replace it with extra negi with an extra charge.
all in all...havent stepped back into a Monta anything since ...coz we found Ramen Sora!!

Absolutely love this place.
After trying their sister store on spring mountain, i was ecstatic about their being one much much closer.
Even though there isn't a ton of seating, somehow the longest wait I've ever had here has roughly been 5-10min.
(maybe I'm just coming at odd times?).
Either way, the ramen is great for my taste buds.
I don't have a ton of experience with ramen, never been to japan or any of that good stuff, but in the end I know what I like, I'm happy as a fat kid with cake when I come here ^_^

Yum!
This is a great location similar to monta ramen but in a more convenient location for me.
Had the miso ramen and it was amazing!
The flavor was there, a nice sized portion, and pretty cheap!
Well under $8 per bowl.
The service was great and had a nice atmosphere.
Will be back!

I'm giving this 4 stars because of past visits and how good it's been.
Today it was kind of a miss for us.
We get the tonkotsu shoyu which normally is so good.
But this time the broth was kinda greasy and tasted funny.
The pork had a weird flavor to it as well.
The fried rice is always soo good.
Does it have crack in it?
The pork and onions just so easy to eat.
I wish the portion was bigger because it's so good.
Just because today the flavor was a little different in our soups.
We will continue to come here we love this place.

After watching Ramen Girl a few weeks ago I've been having an insane Ramen craving.
Hey now.....Stop laughing.
Are you a Ramen fan?
Who on earth doesn't like Brittany Murphy?!
It's been a while since I've hit up Monta and they've added a few new selections like their Spicy Tonkatsu and their Black Garlic Oil Tonkatsu Ramen.
I ordered the Black Garlic and it added a new depth of rich flavor to the already flavorful tonkatsu broth.
I'm always a sucker for the kaedama - extra noodles.
It's $1.50 and even after I'm full I just have to give in for the value.
I end up paying for it after I leave and especially on a work day.
There were also some new vegetarian options like their daikon salad which was really light, not over dressed and was a perfect compliment to my hearty bowl.
We also got an order of the shishito peppers which were delicious.

Love this place!
The pork belly bowl is fantastic... Melty pork belly and rice - what more could you ask for?
We also tried the little sandwich things as well and aside from feeling like I was poking the Stay Puft marshmallow man they were delicious.
This location was much easier to get into than the Spring Valley - even at 7pm - but just as scrumptious.
We will definitely be back!

Very good ramen, and fried rice.
We always ask for less salt in the ramen because it's very salty for our taste.
Excellent service.

BEST RAMEN I'VE EVER HAD.
Yes, I said it.
Coming from SD, LA, and SF...as a new resident to LV, this is my go to spot for my ramen craving!
(I also love that I basically love that I live down the street from it!).
Their broth is so flavorful and savory.
The noodles have great texture and done just right where other places skimp out on the noodles.
Their pork chashu is well done as well.
I also love how you can customize your ramen; I always get extra chashu, nitamago, and sometimes kimchi on the side.
Also, the place doesn't get that crowded as their sister location in the eastside...god that place is ALWAYS crowded it seems.
Also, the servers already know me as a regular!
hahahah  Definitely a fan.

Previous to Monta Chaya, my expertise in the ramen area was limited to Maruchan-branded ramen - the kind that comes in a small package for a very reasonable price at your local grocery story or convenience stop.
Now, while I consider myself very proficient with the Maruchan ramen and have become a master of its varied cooking styles, Monta Chaya certainly brings real, honest, Japanese ramen to the table.
I've now been to this place twice with the same friends and each time was a great experience.
Both times I ordered the shoyu ramen and it did not disappoint.
The broth is simply delicious and is not greasy.
The pork... oh, the pork.
It's a little slice of oink heaven - it literally melts in your mouth.
Nitamago was the extra choice for both because it is so extraordinarily delicious.
Go ahead and try it - you'll love it.
(Well, unless you don't like eggs.
Then don't.
)  The first time I ordered extra green onions, which wasn't the best choice.
It hid the ramen and didn't mix in well due to taking up too much space.
The second time I added the nori seaweed sheets and that mixed in a bit better.
I stirred them about and let them absorb some of the delicious broth and it was indeed a delicious mixture.
We ordered the crispy rice the first time we visited and it was also tasty!
My last visit I was really tempted to order the fried rice, but it just seems wrong to do that at a ramen shop.
Maybe I'd feel less bad if I got it to go.
My noodles on my second visit were seriously al dente, almost to the point where it was unenjoyable.
I stirred my bowl a bit and just dealt with it since everything else was so yummy.
The service seems a little hit and miss, especially for as tiny as this place is.
Servers are always nice, though.
Had a bit of a complication with my last visit but ended up getting it sorted out.
Bonus for being next to Japan Creek Market!

Best ramen in US.
I lived in LA, Philadelphia, Cleveland, San Antonio but this place is the best so far.
I was in Vegas for my business trip, I went there two days in a row.
Both times I ordered tonkotsu shouyu ramen.
I guess there are a lot of Japanese people live in Vegas.
The ramen wasn't Americanized.
It was very authentic.

Monta is good.
There is one place I'd choose over Monta but I won't name it.
Monta is always busy!
Is it unfair to like it less because of that?
Probably!
I don't frequent them because of this so.. Yea..  Anyways their ramen is good.
The price is about average for Vegas.
They have excellent sides though.
Their Gyoza, Calamari, and fried rices are all amazing!
I'd return for these before the ramen.
Idk if I had an off day here but my ramen mostly tasted of salt.
No real depth of flavor.
I had the one that's pork and chicken broth.
I'd go back but definitely not my first choice for ramen.

Service here is amazing!
The staff was so friendly!
My date was 30 minutes less, and they checked on me to make sure I was doing okay haha  The ramen- delicious!
Basic selections to choose from.
I like how the menu actually tells you what's in your meal.
Other ramen places I've been to have somewhat confusing menus.

Huge fan, love this place I'm almost always satisfied with my service unless I come during the day, The service is terrible.
The servers that are usually here at night Are such sweethearts!
Then there's usually just two women who look about 30 here during the day a lot of the time that are so rude.
It makes me sad because I'm such a fan of this place.

I love coming here!
The service is always good.
The food is always good and consistent.
I normally have to drive to china town for ramen until I found out about this location.
It's perfect for all the ramen lovers on this side of town.
It's a small and quaint place.
It always seems to be busy.
I can see why!!
I've never had a bad experience here and I don't think I ever will.

A clean, intimate, and delicious spot to satiate your ramen appetite.
The creamy miso broth tasted excellent with the long, chewy, hair extension-like noodles that accompanied it.
Portions are generous and I had trouble finishing it all.
A bowl alone is inexpensive, but the additional toppings are egregiously expensive.
A soft boiled egg or green onions will cost you $1.50 each.
So that $6.95 basic bowl could cost upwards to $10+ if you go World Star on toppings.
Just sayin'.
The green tea was sadly served via can and not homemade.
Oh well, I've always left satisfied and inflated with happiness.

I literally crave this ramen!
If I could go there every day I would!
Great food, great prices, and friendly wait staff.
Couldn't ask for anything more!

Our go to noodle stop!
Perfect every time.
Fast, friendly service.
I usually have to daikon salad, crispy rice and Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen.
My son and husband love the calamari and chasu bans.

Stumbled upon this place and decided to give it a shot.
As a Ramen fiend that has been to the best LA and Orange County have to offer, I would say this Ramen can hang with the top spots.
The Tonkotsu Ramen was a good size and broth was delicious.
My only complaint would be the noodles are a bit thinner and straighter than I prefer.
The Chatsu was soft and melted in my mouth.
The Gyoza was bangin'.
I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.

I consider myself a ramen expert.
Love it!
Coming from Japanese heritage I know my stuff.
Only two people know ramen better then me, MY FOLKS.
LOL We went to this place with my family and inlays, since we were in Henderson.
Located right off Eastern and the 215.
Came here with the whole family at 5:15.
Party of 9.
We were able to get seated without reservations.
This place is pretty small so you need to get there early.
Legit Japanese ramen house.
We ordered the gyoza, fried rice, kimchi, shoyu ramen, tonkotsu ramen and the shoyu-tonkotsu ramen.
DELICIOUS!
Everyone loved the food.
My folks said it was "top notch".
That's a thumbs up from old Japanese people.
Says a lot!
Prices are very reasonable.
Definitely  order the fried rice as a side to compliment the ramen.

Amazing ramen!
Great customer service... We bring out 2 1/2 year old toddler all the time, they are accommodating and friendly - always remembering to bring her a small bowl and plastic spoon!
Food is awesome!
Best fried rice and ramen in town!

Excellent place!
Awesome ramen!
Good spot for lunch, delicious every time!
Try everything with tea and a beer.

A godsend for South Las Vegans.
No more will we have to drive the 15 minute route to Chinatown for a noodle fix.
No more will we have to fight off bad drivers for parking.
Here,we have found home.
Monta Chaya is conveniently located off the 215 on Eastern,making it a central location for our brothers and sisters in Green Valley,as well as not too much of a commute from Silverado Ranch dwellers.
The service is quick and efficient - I have never waited more than 10 minutes for my food,and the wait staff is always polite and - to an extent - authentic in their Japanese roots.
The food is decent quality - slightly greasy and could use bigger portions,but my biggest issue with their menu is its limited scope.
Yes,it's a ramen place,and they serve a few rice topping bowls,but missing some Japanese house staples like chicken cutlet (tonkatsu).
All in all,it's not a bad place for a late night meal (closes at 11pm most nights),which makes it a good late post-gym alternative if you don't want to cook.
Long.
Live.
Monta.

I used to go to the other Monta and we always had to wait at least 30 minutes to be seated.
For Monta Chaya we didn't have to wait at all.
The food is amazing in both places.
I recommend this place to anyone!
I have taken lots of friends there and everyone loved it!

The noodles.
You guys.
These noodles.
Insane.
Thanks for the dude at Spring training for the suggestion.
Heck ya.
Go Dodgers!

3 words.
PORK.
BELLY.
BOWL.
End of review.
Ok, just kidding.
This is my first time here at this location but have been to the Spring Mountain one numerous times.
I must confess, I have only had one of their ramen bowls and that was a Spicy Tonkatsu Bowl while my wife got the small Pork Belly Bowl.
Once I tasted her Pork Bowl, I had to get one.
Good thing they have a small size because while I was waiting for my order, I literally finished my wife's Pork Bowl.
So of course I gave her my order when it got there.
Yes, I still finished my bowl as well.
Whats so fancy about the Pork Belly Bowl you say?
Well, its basically thick cut bacon that I think has been marinated in some kind of soy sauce and just grilled enough for to be cooked but not to the point that it gets crispy.
They put it on top of a bowl of rice accompanied by shredded green onion and pickled ginger.
I usually throw some sesame seeds and a mixture of red pepper flakes on top of there that is provided in shakers right on your table.
This gives your dish even more good flavor.
As mentioned earlier, there are two sizes, Small ($3.95) and Regular ($5.75).
I usually get the regular and most of the time it fills me up.
On those times that I am really hungry, I have them add a side of Chasu Pork ($2.50) on top of it.
If you refer to my pic, the Pork Chasu is basically 4 thinly sliced pieces of Pork Chop that is cooked the same way as the pork belly.
I like this location slightly better than the one in Chinatown because its almost twice as big so waiting is not as long.
Of course the thing that takes it down to a 4 is that its way further away from my house.
So whenever I am in the area, Pork Belly in my belly is a real possibility.
In closing, sorry if you are looking for a great review for ramen.
Yes, its still available and you can still order it.
Did I mention just how good the Pork Belly Bowl is?
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #116 "Get in my belly you Pork Belly!

Finally tried the "real ramen" that everyone raves about and loved it!
I had the  Shoyu Ramen.
It was basically glorified ramen noodles that you can buy from the store, but better because it was fresh and had veggies on top.
The portion sizes were very filling and the service was very friendly and quick.
My favorite thing about the restaurant is they played my favorite 90s music!

After trying the Miso Ramen at their original location, I again confirmed that I am not a ramen person.
It just doesn't do anything for me, doesn't appeal to my taste buds.
So at this location I decided to go with the Pork Belly Bowl and also the Crispy Rice.
The pork belly was decent and the crispy rice was GREAT.
Also tried the fried rice and it was alright also.
Maybe for ramen lovers this is the place for you, but for people such as myself, bleh!
Customer service, however, was good.
They were super friendly!

We came in on a Monday night around 7pm and I was shocked to see how crowded the place was!
Luckily there were still a few open tables, so my group of 7 was quickly accommodated.
Since this was my first time here, I obviously needed to try their ramen, but I also read so many good things about the pork belly bowl.
This left me in quite a predicament.
Ramen or pork belly bowl?
The answer was both!
After telling everyone about all the good things I had read about the pork belly, someone in my group finally offered to share a small one with me (thanks Courtney K!).
So glad I got this because it was delicious!
The meat was so flavorful and the ginger on top was the perfect touch!
As for the ramen, I got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu.
The broth was rich and savory, and I was glad it wasn't overly salty.
I really liked the chasu pork in the ramen- it practically melted in my mouth!
And oh my noodles!
They certainly don't skimp on the noodles, so I was quite full by the end of my meal.
Definitely $10 well spent!

If your from Japan or want to have a bowl of Ramen and feel like you went to Japan, this is the spot!
I think their best Ramen is Miso Ramen with Extra Chashu.
The broth is rich and flavorful and their chashu is delicate and yummy.
I no longer need to drive to Spring Mtn.
to have Ramen.
ARIGATO!!

I went to the one on Eastern in Henderson in the Gold's Gym shopping plaza.
My friend took me there and she had the Summer Ramen Dish Special which was corn, tomato sauce and was really tasty.
I had the cool noodles which was zesty and light for a lunch meal.
It came with the Yuzi lemony sauce.
It was good eats!
This was back in 2012 or 2013.

love the miso ramen.
I ale for two orders of eggs because they are so delicious.
my husband and I have been twice answer will definitely be back again soon.
the restaurant is small but way worth the wait

I can't get enough of their pork belly bowl!
Best place in town for an amazing price.
I feel like I come here at least twice or three times a month.
Ramen would be 4/5 rating.
Staff is nice especially funny young guy who's like a comedian and pours the Asahi draft to the brim.
Perfection!!!
(His brother taught him well)

I almost always get the Black Garlic Oil Tonkatsu Ramen.
I eat it up and then always order the extra noodles for $1.50 to go and box up my leftover broth.
Then I add some corn, butter, nori sheets, and 2 soft boiled eggs for breakfast.
These are things I usually have in the house.
AMAZING.
The noodles suffer a little being reheated but the taste is still divine.
Nice way to extend the magic.
There may be better ramen houses in LA, in SF, New York, or from memories of Japan.
Really?
Live in the now.
Get over it.
It's still good.
It's often part of a much larger routine where I go up the street to http://www.yelp.com/biz/henderson-china-foot-massage-and-reflexology-las-vegas and get an hour long reflexology foot massage.
It's actually more of a full body massage than just your feet.
Don't go if you don't want to take off your top.
I can see in some of the reviews that people freak out over that.
It's a massage.
America needs to stop being so puritanical & squeamish.
It's also hardcore deep tissue and they beat you up.
You're sore afterwards in a good way like being sore after a gym workout.
This is why we eat ramen afterwards, to ascend into heaven and soothe the pain.

good but monta ramen is still my fav!
plus this place it too far for my taste...

We ordered the fried rice, tonkatsu shoyu ramen wavy noodles and the special ramen.
Service was excellent  at 1045pm on Wednesday.
We enjoyed the fried rice, but the noodle bowls were okay.

I really love this restaurant!
Its my first time going to this location but I've been to the one in Chinatown multiple times.
This is seriously my favorite ramen place in town.
Their ramen is delicious, and also their rice bowls.
I recommend trying their pork belly bowl, or the shoyu ramen w/ the black garlic to top it off.
I also saw they now have a new choice of red ramen?
But I'm not sure, that'd be pretty cool though.
Their service is the same as in Chinatown, pretty good.
All the mon places are ALWAYS busy, so make sure you're going on a good day.
Overall, I'd defintely come back!
The food is yummy.

A Las Vegas diamond!!!
My wife and I went here last night for the first time and instantly became lifetime customers.
You want legit Ramen this is the place!!
Our waiter Joseph is a ramen encyclopedia.
He was so knowledgeable and helpful with all questions.
I must say the crispy rice appetizer is insane...You must try!!
Thanks to joseph for an amazing ramen experience we will be back soon to try more items.

Excellent excellent food and great service!
My mother and I had their pork sandwiches as a starter; the buns they used were very fresh and airy with so much flavor!
Then we tried the kimchi fried rice which was SOOO delicious and had extra kimchi on the side.
And of course their ramen was to die for!
We each got a bowl to ourselves.
To top it off, the food came within 5-10 minutes.
The portion sizes are big and it wasn't expensive at all.
With all of that we paid under 30 bucks.
We are definitely making our 20 minute trip back here for our next noodle craving ^_^

This is my new favorite Japanese Noddle House!
I love their misu ramen and egg!
Rice and that spicy green pepper that they have omg soo delicious!!!
The calamari is very unique favored- definitely recommend this place!
Affordable price as well!
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!
:) Very friendly staff!

Monta ramen on spring mountain is by far the best ramen in town and I was excited to see that they have expanded.
My favorite part about monta was that the menu was short and each dish was made with the highest quality and taste.
With that being said I decided to make a stop to the new branch and I noticed they had added a few more items to the menu so I decided to try the pork bun.
The pork was dry, smushed between lettuce, ketchup, and mayo.
Needless to say it was gross, so I waited for my ramen but wasn't impressed.
The broth was lacking in flavor, and the egg was way over cooked.
I will definitely be sticking to my favorite monta spot in china town.

Delicious...  Small and quaint!
Friendly and helpful staff.
Great menu with quality food.
Pork belly bowl was amazing!
Ramen is so yummy...

They had really nice waiters and the ramen was superb.
The soup reminded me of like a Japanese woman's tears of happiness when she found out she was reuniting with a loved one.
Also, the bamboo shots are poppin.

Man this place is fucking good!!!
The cooks are really cool to talk to.
And Joseph is the best waiter in the world .
Sandro makes the best ramen , definitely check this place out (X

Small and quaint!
Big on flavor the best ramen I've had outside of Japan.
They open at 11:30 be there by 11:00, Sit at the bar.
This place is a secret no more, line out the door by 12:00.

Ok,  I really really wanted to like this place.
I got the shoyu tonkatsu ramen and pork belly rice.
The pork in the ramen was awesome.
Now,  the broth was way too salty.
Sorry!
I really was sad I didn't like it because so many peeps do.
The pork belly rice was too saucy but the flavor was good.
Just in case I do really like the ramen at santouka.
I mention this in case you question my review.

Doing the take out thing today.
Hopefully it will be just as good.
Not the same as eating in, hope it is delicious when I take it home.
I am sure it will be.

This restaurant was packed when I came in for lunch.
Despite how busy the restaurant was, the food arrived quickly and the service was great.
I ordered the kimchi fried rice, which was delicious and inexpensive.
Overall, this is a restaurant that I would recommend for anyone who wants something cheap and delicious.

Best.
Ramen.
In.
Town.
Everyone has their own opinion on ramen, but for me, Monta hits the spot.
The first time I ever had ramen was at the one on Spring Mountain.
And I was soooo happy they opened one on eastern which is closer to my house!
Both places always never let me down.
The staff is courteous and never miss a hello or goodbye.
Though wait times can be ridiculous, it just shows you how good of a place they really are.
The gyoza is really delicious.
The dumpling meat is cooked and tastes good with the sauce they give you.
Today we tried the steamed buns and it was TO DIE FOR.
The sauce that was marinated on the pork was a hint of spicy and I don't know what it was but it was soooo good.
I wanna put it on all my meat!
Lol.
It only comes with two, but I split it with four people.
We each didn't want our portions to end.
I could probably eat two of them and be full.
We also tried the calamari which was crispy and marinated in a sauce so you didn't need to dip it into anything.
Not amazing but not bad either.
As for the ramen, I usually get tonkatsu shoyu.
Their broth is tasty and the pork is cooked perfectly.
I actually like eating the fattier parts, which is very yummy.
I like to add egg, butter, and corn, but you can have it anyway you like.
The little spice stuff they have on the table is a good little kick to add!
And you can control how spicy you want the broth.
I like to add sesame seeds for texture.
The noodles are cooked perfectly, not too soft and not too hard.
I don't like mushrooms so I ask for none and they're always very accommodating.
The food comes out hot and pretty fast as well.
They play newest music and sometimes they even play old hit songs which is a lot of fun cause it makes the atmosphere really fun.
I love monta and will always recommend it for ramen!

I have had the original Monta on my bookmarks for, like, ever, but if we were driving all the way to Chinatown, my husband never wanted to get ramen.
Yay for Monta Chaya, right down the street from us!
The atmosphere inside is very austere - hip and asian-feeling!
It's small, probably seats about 20-25, but we didn't have to wait on a Thursday night.
Prices are good.
$7 for a bowl of ramen, a little extra to add eggs/more bean sprouts/extra pork/etc.
Most importantly, it's good!
We had the pork tonkatsu, pork miso, fried rice, and the fried spicy tuna (I think that's what it's called).
Everything was really good, and we were so full we didn't even finish it all.
I'll definitely be back, and will bring the kids!

I recently ate here.
At first, I was feeling great about the place.
The restaurant had really good energy.
The service was fast.
The menu was really small.
I ordered and the food was good.
Nothing exceptional.
But then I saw one of the cooks chewing as he was making a salad.
I continued to watch him and sure enough he was popping lettuce into his mouth.
He was eating part of the salad he was preparing for a customer.
This really grossed me out.
Shortly after eating here I got a stomach ache.
I could only help but wonder if it was because of the poor health standards of this cook.
He was a Hispanic male in his 30 s. I won't be returning any time soon.

A little bit MSGish but otherwise great tasting, especially the mixture of tonkotsu/shoyu broths.
Been to both locations and the services are always pleasant.
It does get really busy during lunch and dinner time so time it wisely.

Always come early on the weekend if you don't want to wait a long time in their small entryway where you always feel like you are in someone's way.
The seating situation is fairly small like most noodle houses.
This is the first time we did not have to wait for counter seating on a Friday night since it opened, which was awesome!
Great quick service and tasty food as always.
The pork buns are so devine.
I do not know how they make those soft rolls, but I want to!
We both went with the shoyu Ramen this time and shared an order of extra noodles.
Perfect.

This was seriously the best.
Food was amazing.
The pork literally melted in your mouth.
I added the egg to my ramen and the yoke made the broth even better.
The staff was great.
Fast, friendly, and courteous.

the odd thing about this place is I like every dish I tried so far except for their ramen, the cha shao are too thin and small, soup teasted too salty.
I recommend the pork belly bowl and the radish salad.
unlike other ramen place, they have a lot of small side dishes.

We decided to go here on a whim because we were across the street, but I'm glad we found this place!
:)   If you've been in the LA area and have been to Shin Sen Gumi Ramen....the layout of this place is EXACTLY the same...only in a larger space.
I had the Tonkatsu Shoyu Ramen and my dad had the Miso Ramen and both of us thought the broth was super salty :( gotta knock a star for that.
Portion and food quality wise, everything was great!
I'll definitely come here again!
Shop was clean, prices are great, and menu is super simple.
We also ordered the Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice and they made that fresh for us too :)   Service could use big improvement though.
There were only 2 tables, including us, when we stopped in and service was still super slow with 2 (wtf?!
) servers.

As a fukumimi fan i'll admit monta is pretty good.
But not better than fukumimi karage or chicken ramen.
Also the people @ fukumimi are much more nice and accommodating to altering the menu.
As a giant fat ass that I am I try to avoid ramen.
Calamari is really good here too.

