Joshua shot our maternity pictures, and they turned out so good!
I knew kind of what I wanted so I sent him some images of things I liked and he did them perfectly!
During the shoot he pulled out his phone a few times to make sure he was getting all the images I wanted.
Besides doing the poses and such I sent him, he did a lot of his own as well.
We had never met him before, but he made my husband and I feel so comfortable.
He has a great sense of humor, and you can tell he is a very genuine person.
Also, his turn around time was so quick!
We love our photos and will definitely be using him again in the future!
Maybe for out newborn pictures!!
:-D

Josh shot our wedding at a winery in California and they were simply amazing!!
He was so helpful from the very beginning, helping us choose a package that would suit the type of wedding we had planned as well as asking our preferences to make sure everything was the way we would like it.
He's never too busy to answer any questions and was so helpful the day of the wedding to keep everyone on time and in the right place without feeling rushed.
He made everyone so comfortable in front of the camera and was a blast to hang out with.
He really had us laughing and enjoying ourselves so no one felt out of place or too shy for photos.
My husband and I are a bit quirky and definitely wanted some photos that were unique and fun - Josh had so many great ideas for the photos that showed our personalities.
We couldn't be happier with the way they all turned out - He really captured our entire day.
We will definitely be asking him again for any event photos in the future.
- Thanks again Josh!

Where do I start??
First of all, it has been a little over a month since my wedding and almost everyone I run into tells me how AMAZING my photographer was.
Josh was extremely professional, personal and was the best photographer for my special day.
He met with me before my wedding for a site visit to talk about shots, ect, and if at ANY point during the process, if I had a question, he responded to me promptly by phone or e-mail.
The day of, he and his staff became a special part of the day.
He had a great rapport with everyone including grandmas, kids, and all of the guests.
My fiance, (now husband) is not a fan of getting his picture taken and with Josh, everything felt natural and perfect.
This is extremely evident after viewing all of the photos.
He comes with my highest recommendation for anyone who is looking for someone capture a special day/event.
I plan on hiring him again if I EVER need a photographer.
Josh is the best!

What a awesome photographer!
Josh shot our wedding at the Riverwalk Golf Club in San Diego, Ca.
From the moment we met, he made me feel completely comfortable and relaxed.
He not only was respectful and professional, Josh was also hilarious!
Great sense of humor!
Thanks to his creativity and knowledge, our wedding photos came out perfect!
The last thing you want to worry about on your wedding day is taking horrible wedding photos.
With Josh as you photographer, your guaranteed great photos from a great photographer!
Can't wait for him to shot our family photos in the future!
Thanks Josh!

This guy is no joke!
He gets the job done while putting a smile on your face.
His videographer counterpart and him made our wedding day stress free and his overall attitude made for a memorable event.
His overall professionalism is superb and if I ever need pictures or videos of any kind in the future, he's our guy without a doubt!
The pictures he took that day were magical like he really captured picture perfect moments that I truly believe is his special touch that I kept reading about in his reviews.
He is the best especially if you are on a budget but want quality results as well.
Our wedding went better than I could have ever dreamed and the finish product was masterfully retouched capturing the beauty in every moment caught on film.
He was definitely one of the best decisions I made for our wedding!

Joshua did a fantastic job for our wedding!
He is organized, punctual and professional.
He makes a stressful day go by with ease.
I highly recommend him- you will will be impressed by his talent and his reasonable prices.

This review is LONG overdue!!
First - I have to say that Josh is simply amazing!
My husband, Dan, and I found him a long time ago to take our engagement photos in La Jolla, CA and immediately connected with him.
He has a great personality and made Dan and I feel completely comfortable.
Because of this (and the fact that our engagement photos look amazing), we wanted to book him for our wedding in Maui, Hawaii.... 10/17/13  After speaking with Josh almost every month from the engagement photo session to the wedding (which was a lot), we had the chance to get to know him even more.
We were so excited when he informed us that his wife and him were expecting their first child!....
And it just so happened that the due date was around our wedding date!
You could imagine, as a bride and groom, how that could make you feel if your photographer is expecting on the same date of your wedding!
However, Dan and I were completely comfortable and confident in Josh because he said he would be there for us no matter what - also telling us that his wife will be taken care of by family if it just so happens to be around the same time.
The night before the wedding, Josh informed us that he became a father to a gorgeous baby girl!
We were so happy for him but were sad that he couldn't be there for his wife, family and new little one.
He told us not to worry, and on the day of the wedding, he rocked it!!
He was there for us every step of the way.
All our photos turned out amazing and he definitely went above and beyond!
Dan and I are so happy and lucky we found him.
Josh is wonderful and he is very flexible and professional.
We highly recommend you use him for your photography.
Our next step - using him for our pregnancy photos when the time comes!

Joshua photographed my wedding on May 24, 2014 and I could not be more pleased with the photos!
He did an AMAZING job and was so kind and professional.
We first did an engagement session and I knew right away it was going to be a perfect fit!
He is funny, polite and makes you smile.
Our wedding photos are so so beautiful.
That's what every Bride wants; beautiful romantic pictures and that's just what we got.
Joshua surpassed my expectations and I would recommend him 100 times over.
https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t1.0-9/10464337_464558823647488_1720746323081708257_n.jpg

