Love love love!
Had Nicole sugar my Brazilian and legs (was my first time having any type of hair removal)...  No redness and no bumps!
She is very professional and made me feel comfortable.
I will definitely be back in two weeks to maintain and keep my silky smoothness.

Experience before appointment:       Really good, professional, helpful, friendly, polite.
Experience at appointment:       Good, it was my first time and she did a great job explaining it to me and making sure I understood what was going to happen.
Used Groupon with no issues.
Experience after: HORRIBLE.
Rude.
Uninvolved.
Before making my appointment, I explained that I had a fitness competition that weekend and needed to be hairless and no bumps.
I was assured this was going to be the case.
When I left, there were still small blonde hairs that the sugar wouldn't get.
This would not have been a problem at all, except I was told otherwise.
Also she told me I would only have red skin for 15 minutes after.
But two weeks after and I STILL have some bumps.
When she texted me to remind me of my follow up, I told her I still had bumps and she only replied "let me know when your ready".
No help, no advice, no apology, no nothing.
Overall: really disappointing

Well my last experience (with Danielle) was positive but not 100% awesome just because of some issues I had after my sugaring.
After posting my last review, I was impressed that Nicole (the owner), personally called and we texted about my concerns from last time and she was AMAZING.
She brought me back in and I have to say, my experience just a couple hours ago was more than awesome!
Nicole was great, it still hurt (you are choosing to get hair ripped out of your skin), but way better results and extremely happy with her knowledge.
***(this process will hurt more if its your first time or if you are on your period, speaking from first hand experience)***  This business genuinely cares about their clients which is a 5 star rating just for that this day in age!
I will absolutely be back!
:-)

