Don't let the appearance fool you, this place is new but give them a chance :) A hole in the wall mom and pop spot.
I ordered a Thai Beef Ball soup for take out, can't say anything bad about it.
Taste like mamas home cooking.

Excellent authentic Thai dishes.
Take out or eat in--either way, The food is delicious.
The prices are very reasonable and the kitchen looks very clean.
The food is as good as any Thai restaurant in Las Vegas --  if not better.
I have been to Thailand and eaten authentic Thai food.
I don't have to travel to Thailand  for excellence any more.

Just came from dinner at Thai Noodles Cafe.
The restaurant atmosphere pleasant, the food was excellent and the prices very reasonable.
Will definitely eat there again soon.

Def a great mom and pops place!
Prices are reasonable, food is Delish!
Place could use a remodel but get I'm here for the food!

It was pretty good, but not completely awesome.
Service was great, but the egg rolls were frozen from packages - I saw him take them out of the freezer, and served to me with literally 7 skinny shreds of dried out cabbage and carrots.
There are only seats for about 12 people in the entire place.
The panang curry was good, but I ordered spicy level 3, and it was SO SPICY I had a difficult time eating it.
It is clearly a mom n pop place, so I'd give it another try if I lived around to support their business.

What a pleasent little surprise Thai Noodle Cafe turned out to be.
I don't know how long it has been open but I just saw it recently and being so close to home for me I had to try it.
My initial impression, it is a small kind of place.
It felt like an old pizza kitchen.
Like maybe it was a Dominoe's at one time.
There are a couple of tables and a counter with a couple of pamphlet folded menus along with some pictures and paintings on the walls.
Not much else to speak of here.
It was quiet when I walked in.
Though it was 5:45 in the evening there were no other diners.
I walked right up to the counter, glazed over the menu for a minute and decided on my favorite Thai Red Curry.
It was ready in just over 5 minutes which had me concerned.
How fresh could it be coming out so quickly?
It also looked like a small serving.
Did I just pay $9.69 for disappointment?
Alas, my fears were put to rest when I got home and began to serve myself up.
There was a lot more curry and rice than I had thought.
The packaging was deceptive.
And this was good food too.
It did not taste like it had been sitting out waiting for me at all.
There was a a ton of curry and coconut flavor going on, the chicken was tender, the vegetables (bamboo, carrots and bell pepper) were still crisp and the steamed rice was still steaming.
The fresh basil used was the sweet Thai variety and was a nice touch.
Sometimes basil can be too pungent and overpowering.
This was a perfect compliment to a good curry and that made for a nice evening.

Very good pad thai.
in Arizona we are use to seeing taco places like this hole in the wall places witch are always the good ones.
I had again the pad thai and pineapple fried rice.
And make shure you ask for it mild cause even mild is spicy.
The pineapple fried rice is even amazing.
They dont deliver however I found out threw grub hub they do they offer delivery that way.
VERY good and polite staff well driver.
Looking forward to triing other dishes.

I give this place a two because I had the pad thai I ask for 2 in spicy and it was soo spicy my stomach hurted my mouth was burning.
I could taste the original flavor of the pad thai.
I can only imagine what a 5 or 10 taste like.
Wish it wasn't spicy so I could enjoy it.

I've been wanting to try this place for months and finally went today.
I ordered the spicy basil beef (spicy level #5 out of 10) I gave it 4 stars because the food was very delicious.
I didn't give it full 5 stars because I was very disappointed with the portion size.
There was so much vegetables and very little meat.
Also another thing I questioned was every other place ordering spicy basil beef its been ground beef this place made it with sliced beef it honestly looked and tasted like Mongolian beef but still good.
I dont know if I'll order it again but the customer service, Thai tea, & over all food taste was good enough for me to go back and try something else next time.

I've been to different Thai food places and for the most part a number 9 in spicy level is pretty mild, not the case at all with Thai Noodle Cafe!!
I ordered Pad thai noodles and basil chicken both number 7 thinking it'd be pretty mild, boy was I surprised.
It was extreme spicy.
I'm Mexican and I love spicy food and this was good but super spicy.
Both were great dishes.
Like others said the servings are quite small for the main entrees but it was more than enough pad thai.
Would definitely order again, but at a spicy level of 4 next time!

