Been there twice now.
Burgers and real good real fresh tasting.
The only thing I would improve on them is shredded lettuce, just think it goes best on burgers.
Fries didnt care for.
Onion rings frozen would never get them again.
good shakes, great sundea.
Service was ok,  staff still needs some training but they were very friendly.

Burgers and fries were good.
Very tasty with the right amount of dressing and sauces.
But the grilled cheese we ordered for our youngest was severely lacking in efforts and taste.
An un-grilled burger bun with a couple  of slices of cheese causally thrown in between the bread.
It was almost as soon as you ordered off menu they didn't care as much

I just came home from the Burger joint in Goodyear.
Just opened this month.
I went to 5 guys when yhry opened last year and there is NO COMPARISON between the two.
I have never went back to 5 guys.
Thier fries were terrible thier burger isnt half as good as the burger joint.
My wife and have aknack for picking food establishments that will be there in the next 5 years.
well done burger joint , great food, great service  The Wrights

Just got done eating here and I was very disappointed.
I threw my burger in the trash after two bites!
We definitely won't be back!
Burger was nothing different than what you get at McDonalds and the fries are way overpriced for the portion you receive and not fresh tasting.
Pretty sure they won't be open for long, especially when you've got 5 Guys and In-N-Out burger nearby.

Went to the Burger Joint tonight and was pleasantly surprised by how good it was.
I had the BBQ bacon cheeseburger and fries with a sundae for dessert.
The burger was very good but a little heavy on BBQ sauce.
The fries were ok but no my favorite.
The sundae was also good and the service was excellent.
Definately will be back and nice to find a good burger place that isn't a chain.

First time here.
Double cheese and a malt.
Both tasty and service was great.

The managers here are complete clowns!
Should be fired on the spot, using the F word in front of customers, not professional.
Avoid at all costs!

Ate there for the first time 4 days ago.
It was so good that all I could think about was when can I go back and get another burger.
My first trip had the double cheese burger and added bacon and a fried egg.
I'm telling you this was one of the best burgers I've ever had.
I would rank it in my top 2.
Today I returned and tried the mushroom Swiss burger.
It was absolutely delicious.
Their french fries are delicious too.
I think I found my new favorite burger place.
Only concern is their menu is mainly ala carte.
You add what you want ie: bacon, fried egg, etc.
The meals with an average burger run between $10 - $11.
That includes fries and a drink.
It's worth the trip!!

Been there several times now, trying different things off of the menu.
Everything I've tried is quite tasty.
Staff is very polite and helpful.
A pleasant surprise!

Great place on the west side.
Had a cheeseburger with fries, burger was super juicy & fries crispy and nicely seasoned.
Like having ranch with my fries and liked the fact that I was given something out of a squirt bottle.
Will be returning soon and recommending it to friends and family!

When I walked in, the impression I got was exactly what the establishment's name suggests: it's just a burger joint.
The staff was nice.
It was unique for a small burger place to have someone walking around checking on everyone like a restaurant, clearing tables, and helping out.
The food was cooked to order and everything tasted fresh.
I also really liked the sweet potato fries.
My grandmother enjoyed her chicken bacon ranch sandwich, as well.
This place is new, so not many people have posted reviews.
I hope more will have a good experience like I did and share with Yelpers.

This is so not worth the money or your time.
The burgers are nothing special, the fries were HORRIBLE  and the chili dog was a JOKE!
It had very little chili kind of spread on the one side of the bun which turned out to be a good thing because the chili was NASTY!!!!
I was so excited to try it hoping for a really good burger place but we will not go back!

This joint is always clean & they have extra friendly staff.
Also, they serve fresh 100% Angus beef never frozen meats.
They add Thousand island dressing on burgers & THAT is a hallmark for burger joints.
Love the prices for the quality juicy grilled melted cheese burgers!
Their Italian beef was moist, soft and juicy as well.
P.S Endless french CRISPY fries.

Crikey, this food was good!
I've been twice now and it's worth the trip.
The staff is always friendly.
Hot, juicy, tasty burgers with crispy (not soggy and limp) fries will keep me coming back for more.

1.5 Stars  Had lunch here a few hours ago and writing this down while it's fresh in my mind.
My family and I stop in after they've been open for a hour and a half.
We were greeted by three employes who explained the menu.
Between my family and I we had a mushroom swiss burger, regular cheeseburger and a chipotle black bean vegetarian burger all made into combos.
So this place presents itself as a fast casual restaurant but I find a few things that do not warrant above fast-food prices.
I ordered the veggie burger and asked for a gluten free bun...sorry try again, so I ask for my burger to be wrapped in lettuce instead.
When we get our baskets I notice right away that my burger had a leaf of iceberg lettuce on the top and bottom to emulate a bun.
A famous Southern California fast-food burger chain does a much better job at wrapping burgers at a fraction of the cost.
The black bean patty is tough to get wrong since it comes out of their freezer.
The mushroom swiss had plenty of cheese and mushrooms on it but the patty was bland with no seasoning, this goes for the regular cheeseburger as well.
One of our combos had fried zucchini in place of fries...guess what frozen too with a hint of freezer burn.
Before our meal made it out to us we get our drinks.
We have a choice of a self serve fountain soda machine with the standard fare or brewed ice tea.
As I stated above the place was open for 1.5 hours, I go for the ice tea naturally.
I have a ritual when getting tea, I always pour a sip into my cup to ensure it's not old and nasty.
When pouring my sample sip I see tea of course but am surprised to see tea grounds along with the filter...pretty gross.
OK I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt that it was a bad day and will give them one more shot sometime down the road.
I work hard for my money to be spent on subpar food.
I don't like throwing away $30 without enjoying it!

We have been to this place twice for lunch.
Munchie Burger is fantastic!
Fries are crisp outside and creamy inside, perfect!
Spouse had the Italian Beef, wet and was bowled over by the tenderness of the beef and the flavors of the cheese, peppers and giardiniera.
Definitely visit this spot instead of a chain restaurant.

Just ate the burger joint for the first time with my family.Omg this place rocks!
Fries are great the burgers are delicious.
I ordered the bbq bacon chesse burger.
Meat was delicious.
This place carries food for children also my daughter enjoyed her regular cheeseburger and loved it.
Staff is great and definitely a place to go back and enjoy again.

We tried this the other day for dinner and it was really good.
The one and only complaint was that the mushrooms on the Mushroom and Swiss Burger were tough and chewy and I'm sure they were canned mushrooms.
The burger was good and if the mushrooms were of better quality I would have given this place four or five stars.
The onion rings were good and I tried some of my wife's fries and they were not the best fries I've ever had but they were not bad either.
We'll try it again as we did like it but if they are canned mushrooms next time we won't be going back as I can't handle canned mushrooms.
The place is definitely worth a try.

As promised we tried The Burger Joint again.
This time I had the Philly Cheese Steak and while it was good it was ruined by canned mushrooms.
Had it had fresh mushrooms I would have given it four stars.
The same complaints the second visit...lackluster fries and canned mushrooms.
Onion rings were good and my wife liked her cheeseburger.

I heard good things about this place and decided to give it a try.
The menu is pretty basic, with lots of choices and options.
Fairly inexpensive for the amount of food you get.
I tried the bacon burger.
Tasty, but nothing to write home about.
The fries were plentiful and crispy.
The TV on the wall did not get local channels, which seemed odd.
Bathroom had the urinal next to the door, facing the hallway, so make sure you lock the door.

Holy Cow!!!
Dynamite "Munchie Fries"...
If you like American Cheese, grilled onions, and Thousand Island Dressing.
.. You gotta try those fries...wow!!!
Hubbie had the Double Cheeseburger with all the fixings... good,  sloppy, yummy yum!!!
Staff was helpful and friendly, place was very clean.
Will return for sure!!

Defiantly no where near an authentic Chicago dog.
Grilled bun and jumbo dog cut in half.
Won't be having another  Fries were good.
Next time I'll try Italian bee and burger and see if those can save the place.

I drove by this place after a trail run in Estrella Park, and as I was quite hungry after burning all those calories, decided to stop in.
This is your typical suburban casual order-at-the-counter burger restaurant, with burgers, hot dogs, cheesesteaks, shakes, etc.
I went with the muchie burger, or whatever they called it...
The food took awhile to arrive, but that's OK...
Better than having pre-heated food.
The burger was like a slightly better version of In-N-Out's animal style double double, with more flavor and better ingredients.
It was quite tasty for what is basically a fast food burger.
The fries, on the other hand, weren't terrible, but didn't really stand on their own.
Fortunately, there was malt vinegar at the table, so it was easy enough to add a little flavor to those fries.
It's not spectacular, but the service was friendly, and the burger was decent.
Worth stopping by if you're hungry and in the neighborhood.

First time eating here.
Was very good, ordered Chicken buffalo sandwich, chicken Swiss mushroom sandwich, fries, and sweet potatoes fries.
Would certainly eat here again.

This place was pretty good.
Could have been better.
I added a fried egg to my cheeseburger and it was fully cooked through, I should have said something.
Also their bacon needs to be thicker or they need to add more pieces because two thin slices just doesn't cut it.
I also ordered fried mushrooms... Never again, for the price you get barely any mushrooms you should just stick with the fries.
I will probably go again to give them another try...
So far I'm not impressed.

This is a great little restaurant I recommend to all burger lovers.
They have many different ways you can make your burger.
Their fries are yummy and the burger buns are toasted and buttery.
All the staff are very friendly and check on you half way through your meal.
It's a step up from fast food.
Take the time and visit this local eatery!

Got the BBQ Bacon Burger and a Strawberry Shake.
Amazing burger and an awesome shake.
Love this place.

Great burgers and lots of fries in the meal.
Not like fast food burgers.
These are like the old school loaded up diner style burgers.
Friendly and attentive staff.
Been a pretty solid line since we got here.
I'd recommend trying it.
We'll be back again.

This is one of the best dining experiences my husband and I have had since moving to Goodyear last month.
We just went here tonight for an early dinner.
Both the girls working were very friendly and professional.
Food came out quickly, fries and onion rings were fresh, veggie burger and Philly cheesesteak were both good.
Everything was clean and well stocked.
We will definitely be back again.

Wow, I was craving a good burger and my nephew wanted to try this place so we went yesterday.
The lady at the front was very nice and attentive, I wish the food was as good as the service.
I ordered a reg cheeseburger no special sauce and mustard instead.
Lets just say it was a mustard burger, mustard literally dripping at the seams, like the guy took a ladle and slopped it on there!
Mustard is pungent, spread thin on bun after you lightly butter it and toast on grill.
The onion was cut way thick like it was to make onion rings, but I would've been ok with that, the bread was old, dry and falling apart all over the place, the "angus beef" pattie, dry and flavorless as can be!
Haven't had a burger this bad in years.
The fries looked ok but didn't taste good, tasted of old oil.
Never again!
One star is too much!
Stomach ache.
Waste of 18.00 for two.

Its okay.
Burgers are thin.
Dont care for potato buns which fill you up faster.
Pulled pork is good.
Fries and shakes r good.
Pretty working girls.

Alright, I came back again and I feel a little better about the place... My fried egg still wasn't runny even after I told her to make sure it was...
I'm thinking it just cooked more on my drive home so I won't totally blame it on them.
It was piping hot and delicious!
I added extra bacon and opted for sautéed onions instead of regular ones.
I got the fried zucchini this time which was on point and delicious.
Next time I think I'll get pulled pork added to it instead of the fried egg.
If you want a good burger go here it really is good.

Went for lunch today staff was very nice but the food was horrible.
Had a philly cheesesteak and it was so bland it wasn't funny.
Canned mushrooms were used and did not compliment the sandwich.

Food is good.
The issue that I have with this place is that when you call in an order they require that you give them a credit card number over the phone or they will not complete your order.
It's a burger place not a hotel.
This policy is completely ridiculous, and yes they are willing to lose customers over it.
Like I said, food is good, nothing spectacular, but management policies need to improve.
Go to In-N-Out up the street, you know they are amazing, fast and have great customer service.

I was really looking forward to having a good burger.
I was hoping this place could satisfy my craving.
my hopes were just that... Hopes..
This place is horrible.
I don't even see how they are still in business.
I had the BBQ bacon burger- The meat was tasteless, the buns were stale, the bacon was hardly even cooked, and the BBQ sauce tasted store bought!
My kid had a hotdog- she didn't even take more than one bite.
I know hot dogs are ready to eat out of the package... And it looked like they just threw it straight out of the package and in to the bun.
Only thing I can say I was happy with I guess, is that they made it well done.
We Won't be back again.

The burgers are fresh  and messy and taste great!!
They give lots of fries and the service is excellent, fast, and friendly.
The cashier suggested the munchie burger and it was an excellent suggestion.

