If you have met her, you already know, she is the best!
:) For years I have gone to different places looking for my perfect stylist.
Amazing skills with the personality to match.
When I first met Jen last year, I can honestly say for the first time I walked out 100% happy with my cut, color and overall experience!!
She has perfectly put in the right shade of blonde highlights one visit and nailed it when getting me back to my natural brunette self on another!
As a woman with long hair I was always nervous that too much will be taken off... (I went in to a lady one time, asked for a trim and walked out with 5 inches missing, so i'm a bit skeptical).
Jen has always been great at making sure it is just the way I want and need it, whether it is just a trim or a full cut.
For someone who never goes to the same place twice due to a lack of satisfaction...
I will never go to anyone else!!!
With a great personality and so easy to talk to on top of all of her talent....
I have recommended her to everyone I know and will continue to do so as she really is amazing.
Whether in a rush or a with whole day to spend... She's who you should be going to.

Jen is the best!
Not only does she do phenomenal hair, she has an awesome personality.
I'm always 100% happy with my cut, color, and experience at Posh Salon.
Jen listens to what I want and always delivers a great style.
My hair is healthier (and longer!
) with Jen as my stylist.
I get a lot of compliments on my hair, and recommend Jen to everyone I know!

Ohhhhhh where to begin!
Jenn is amazing.
I was referred to her by a friend and now I know why!!
She is honest, experienced and such a sweetheart!
I am very particular with my hair (as it is a hot mess and always a nightmare to deal with) and she can conquer it with flying colors.
Looking for a new stylist?!?!
You found your girl right here!

Jen is hands down the best I have been to.
Usually when you see all 5 star reviews you think it is someone trolling, but that is not the case here.
I live in california, where you think it would be easy to find a hairstylist who can do a good blonde, but that is not the case.
I make the drive to scottsdale just so Jen can do my hair, and it is SO worth it!
Jen is so sweet and down to earth, and we have so much fun at the appointments.
Thank you Jen!
Please don't ever stop doing hair :)

Jen is awesome, and a perfectionist!
She puts up with my constantly changing requests (color, length, you name it, I've changed it).
She is flexible with her appointment times and she's also funny as hell.
I love going to her- my hair always looks great and I have a great time having it done.
I won't go to anyone else!

Jen is amazing!
I have had my share of less than satisfactory stylists and when I moved to AZ I was THRILLED to have found Jen.
I simply can't say enough about how talented she is when it comes to hair.
I recently moved back to Chicago and haven't even come close to finding a replacement.
Pretty sure I never will and might need to move back to AZ for this reason alone!
Go see Jen you will not regret it!!!

Thank you Jen for the great hair cut.
I wasn't sure how to explain what I wanted my hair  to look like and you got it exactly right.
I will be back to see you soon!
I would recommend Posh Salon to everyone I know.
Thanks!

