Facility top notch, coaches are very direct, motivating, technique oriented and the community and atmosphere is very welcoming.
I recommend this place to anyone who wants to be a better athlete.
This gym is inspirational and will broaden your health and lifestyle habits.
Chad and Joel are the go to people for crossfit training.
Having been a member since the opening of the gym, it has been a wonderful experience meeting positive and active athletes.

Joining CrossFit Infinite Strength has undoubtedly been one of the best decisions I have made to improve my overall well-being.
The facility is fantastic and the coaches are extremely knowledgeable.
The coaches along with the other members create a community that will help you reach your fitness goals.

This is an amazing place to workout.
Extremely friendly, very clean, and very knowledgeable.
Great at teaching anyone new and always pushing you to be your best.

Awesome CrossFit facility.
Everyone loves the friendly community from the beginner to the competitive athlete.
Excellent coaching of " classic "CrossFit method.
The workouts are well programmed in a large specious facility.
The absolute cleanest full equipped CrossFit box (gym) I have ever been.
After several months of being a member this place gets better and better.
All the members really get  value here.

I walked into this Crossfit box with the mindset that they are all the same; provide deplorable customer service, are arrogant, and teach little to no safety.
This was not the case at Crossfit Infinite Strength.
I was welcomed with open arms, smiles, and hand shakes.
I was floored to experience such a welcoming atmosphere, not just from the coaches but also from the fellow crossfitters.
I was practically greeted by every single person in the box which made me feel as if I were home.
A great community!
This has been the largest box I have been to, and is very clean.
The Crossfit 101 program, is very motivating.
I have learned movements, and safety.
The clincher are the Coaches.
The owners, Coach Brenda, Chad, and Courtney have somehow assembled an awesome group of professional coaches who are competent, friendly, motivating, and focused on the individual client.
They will go out of their way to offer guidance and support to any client.
They have an incredible work ethic and, are fun to be around.
It's obvious that they love what they do and they enjoy sharing it with us.
I can't wait to see my body get stronger and beasty!
Quit sitting there reading this review and rush over to the box to start your 101 program.
You will NOT be disappointed!
Best decision I have made!

I dropped in this gym (I know people refer to it as a box, but that sounds stupid!
Its a gym, this is AMERICA!!
) for 2 weeks while in Scottsdale on a business trip.
I chose this gym over another for 3 main reasons 1.
The owners are from Ohio (my home state) 2.
I could go to any class during the day and didn't have to sign up for one at 5 am.
The price.
They worked with me since I was going to be there for 2 weeks.
I cant say enough nice things about this gym, the staff and the members!
The gym is very clean.
My home gym is amazing and has a really cool industrial feel that I love.
This gym, I feel like if you sweat on the floor its cleaned up in about .02 seconds.
Which is great!
There are 4 showers (2 ladies, 2 men) Plenty of rig space and bars to go around.
The Only small issue is, if there is a bigger class, wall space for HSPU could come at a premium.
The gym uses all Rogue weights and a local company for the rig (always support those in your community.
Great choice).
The use the WODIFY system which is a great tool especially when traveling.
The front of the gym also has a retail area to get a shirt, shoes, protein.
The staff is great.
I had the privilege to have Gabe, Dan, Courtney, and Brian coach my classes.
All were very knowledgeable and took the time to look and refine your movement.
The coach was ALWAYS cheering you on and encouraging you to go faster.
They explain the movements very well prior to the workout.
The Members were fun and very inviting.
Mainly went to the 6am class.
It was the core group with some different people during the week.
Those guys were great!
Always talking and trying to one-up each other.
It made getting up early a lot easier!

I dropped in this boy while in Scottsdale and I'm so glad I did.
The coaches and members are so friendly and welcoming - they made me feel like I've been crossfitting with them for years.
And if that's not enough of a reason to go to this box, the drop in rates are fabulous!

Amazing facility and outstanding coaches!
This is a family run operation (as with most CF gyms) but this one is extremely professional and organized.
The community at CFIS is second to none and the support structure will help you achieve any fitness goal whether you are a beginner or competitive athlete.
They maintain the facility impeccably and take pride in being the best.

Crossfit Infinite Strength has become an indispensable part of my life and fitness, enabling me to set and exceed goals and conquer movements that I have been unable to achieve in other gym environments.
Each of the coaches are 100% accessible, and constantly engaged in helping members in the quest for proper form and fitness.
The Crossfit 101 program is especially useful in promoting safety and teaching members to get the most out of crossfit exercises, but the learning continues ad infinitum as members explore increasingly nuanced variations and adjustments to beat yesterday's records.
Motivation comes not only from the coaches, who provide a constant outpour of support, but also from fellow members and the camaraderie they provide.
The Infinite Strength community, filled with interesting and affable people from varying walks of life, adds tremendous value to the gym that I have never experienced nor seen replicated anywhere else.
The facility is spacious, well-equipped, and clean, reflecting the pride that both owners and members feel regarding the gym.

I had an excellent experience at this box the other day.
The wod was challenging and Chad provided the instruction I needed to achieve success.
The facilities are clean, the staff is very friendly and the community is great.
I recommend it to anybody looking for a challenging workout!

I did a drop-in WOD here this morning because I happened to be traveling to Scottsdale for work.
Everyone was super accommodating and nice, especially the coach, and treated me like they're own.
They didn't charge me to drop in, which was a pleasant surprise.
I checked with another box and they were going to charge me $20 for a drop-in, which is upsetting to me because I know my box doesn't charge as a courtesy to crossfit folks all around, and I would expect the same at other boxes.
Either way, the WOD was great, people were friendly, coach was great as well.
The box was clean, there was plenty of equipment, and plenty of room.
Thanks again, CF Infinite Strength!

