Holy delicious donuts!!!
This is the place to go!
We had these at work today and they are absolutely fabulous!
The glazed donuts are perfection.
They are light and sweet like Krispie Cream, but they have a less greasy quality.
The chocolate was perfect not to thick or too cakey.
They also have boba tea (if it's not obvious by the name) in over 40 flavors.
They even have flavored boba.
I will be back for the donuts and I am excited to try the boba here.
This place is definitely the best donuts in the valley.

This was an amazing discovery!
I live very close by so I've been keeping an eye on it but boy am I glad I tried it already!
They serve Big Train products which I looove because their chai is to die for!
They have a huge selection of donuts that all look delicious and their prices are fantastic!
Starbucks just lost a customer!
The staff is also very kind, but be patient because the service is not extremely fast.
You guys need to try this place out!

This place is such a gem!
We work right by the basically deserted ex-basha's plaza it opened in and tried out some boba and donuts today.
They ladies who worked there were so sweet - they even gave us a free donut to try which ended up being delicious!
My boba is really good too - you can't go wrong with taro flavor.
Thankfully a new grocery store is opening up so they will get more exposure because this place is super delicious.
The donuts were fluffy but not greasy and not super heavy either.
Sometimes you bite into a donut and you feel like you just ate a loaf of bread.
These were so delicious!

My new favorite place, their donuts are so good that I literally need everyday!
And the boba milk tea is better than every other places that I've tried in Arizona.
And the owner couple are super nice, love them!

Whoever said their boba was the best clearly hasnt tried the best of the best!
This place has barely any donut selections compared to bosa or golden delicious and the boba was too squishy and texture was off.
I wish this place had the egg pudding so I could get something similar to tapioca express from back home in CA.
My number one boba spot out here is definitely not this place and def not my number 1 donut spot.
Totally overpriced for their donuts.
esp for a dozen where you can go to bosa or golden and its less than this place/

This is great!
Boba and donuts....mmm.
They have blended ice which us actually pretty good...not too sweet.
Nice folks.
I highly recommend everyone coning here.

Very friendly workers!
I got a dozen donuts for about $9 and she even threw in an extra!
I ordered an assortment and they were delicious!
I will be back!

They are so nice at Boba & Donuts!
The owner and the fam are the best!
Always friendly.
I go there to get donuts and pass them out to neighbors and clients and say it's from Aloha Hearing Solutions :) because I don't need to eat all those donuts.
But it's a great way to share the love!
Boba is also good - texture is just right :)

I've been going here every week or two since the highly convenient Neighborhood Walmart opened up in the same complex.
"Boba" is referred to as "Bubble Tea" where I'm from.
(Boba = Tapioca balls added to the drink; can be omitted.
)  This place has been consistently excellent (quality, taste, pleasant service) every time I've gone.
Open until 8pm-ish.
Drinks take a couple of minutes each, so take a peek at the baked goods while it blends.
"Previous day's" donuts are discounted, and fully revitalized after being nuked for 15 seconds, but fresh in the morning are killer.
Blended Taro or iced Milk Tea are a good bet for "beginners.
"  Local business worth supporting!

I went there pretty late in the evening, so their selection was limited.
That aside, the guy at the counter was really friendly and the donut I got was delicious.
A LOT better than anything from the chains.

I ordered the milk tea with boba, which was PRETTY BAD.
I was a little disappointed because it's run by an asian family from San Francisco, so I thought they might've had some knowledge of how milk tea tastes from the bay area, but NOPE.
They use powder and I couldn't even taste the tea.
Any person who has ever tasted ANY milk tea drink from the good land (by good land I mean CA) will probably find this place awful.
If your taste buds have only had milk tea in AZ then you will find this place good.
I couldn't even finish my drink (nor force it down), but they were nice so I didn't have the heart to throw it away in front of them...I waited till i got home and dumped it down the sink.
I'm a cheap asian person too, so throwing something away unfinished that i paid for says a lot.
Also they gave us free donuts, which tasted okay.
It might do them better to change the store name to just "Donuts" so people don't come here for boba drinks and give them bad reviews.

They offer popping bubbles with different flavors

Best apple fritter I have had in a long time!
Crispy edges with a soft center.
And a good size, especially considering it was regular donut price.
Unfortunately for them, I don't live very close at all.

Best taro boba smoothie ever.
Perfect balance of creaminess and taste.
The owner was really nice, too.
Gave us a free donut hole to try which got me hooked so I bought a dozen.
Then I bought a half dozen of their other donuts and she gave us a free random one.
Such a delightful experience and a good hang out place too.

I love my donuts & have tried most of the donut locations in the East valley.
This is the Best donuts in all of the east valley!!!
Hands down this place beats all of the other Asian donut places in town.
The owners are local & very friendly.
They are always friendly & the prices are reasonable.
If you're near the area & love/want donuts, come here!!!
You will not be disappointed.

Hit up this place early one morning with the wife to try out the donuts (as we heard they were as good as Bosa's).
They were definitely tasty and had good variety, however I wouldn't say they knocked my socks off like Bosa's did.
I think I would have given them 4 stars were it not for the fact I ordered a milk tea boba drink and the boba was severely overcooked (to the point where they were all mushy) and the drink itself tasted powdery...
I'll definitely come again for the donuts but skip the milk tea boba drinks next time around...

Still on a quest for the absolute BEST donut, so far, even with my unpleasant drive-thru experience last Thursday (another story for a different day), Arizona Donut Co. in Tempe is at the top of my list.
The ladies here were very friendly, solely what my rating is based off of (even got a free sample of Chai tea w/Boba).
The donuts, on the other hand, were JUST ok; they get a whole 2 stars at best.
I tried an old-fashioned glaze and a glaze twist, half of which is sitting in a bag on the counter.
I don't care to taste the oil that the donuts were fried in.
Let alone, see it through the dough.
Doubt I return for donuts however; there is a slim chance I might try their boba drinks (the guy in line said they're really good here).

Ok so I would rate this place a 4 out of 5 is I solely based it on the donuts.
They are pretty good and the lady that works there is very friendly and gave me 2 extra donuts free, which I def did not need lol, but it was very nice of her.
Not too many businesses provided good customer service these days.
Anyway the only downfall is the boba which saddens me because I was extremely excited when I saw a boba place going near me.
I'm from the Bay Area and you can seriously find boba on every corner!
So I have tried their milk tea and I won't have it again, I tried something else one time and didn't finish it and today I got a Thai tea which is ok.
I crave boba all the time so this is frustrating because the next nearest place is kind of far but it is good.
So kuddos for the donuts, but not so much for the milk tea.

The boba is really bad.
They dont use real fruits, instead, they use the powder which makes the boba too sweet.
And it is artificial flavor.

The boba was squishy good, but the drink was really sweet (like drinking candy).
BUT being from California, this is the next best thing I've tasted.
The donut was fresh and delicious too!

