I love this place so convenient for all your nutrition needs!
Right by the gym so I don't have to drive all over town!
And now their new smoothies are delicious!

This place is like a GNC, but with the added benefit of a Smoothie Bar.
I have had four of their blended smoothies.
The shakes are made before your eyes, and you customize your drink with over a dozen health supplements and fruit flavors.
The staff is professional and courteous.
As a traveler with jet lag, I appreciate have a smoothie which will not tire me like the regular Las Vegas buffets.
It had made me feel much more energetic by having one of these smoothies a day.
Price is about $3.50 to a generous large size for about $6.
They have a very smooth supplement pack at the register for $1.50.
I have a sensitive stomach and this pack went down with no problem.
I see all types of people going there, from serious body builders to fat guys like me LOL.
Ladies are welcome too.
There are zero calorie chip dips.
I bought the bacon dip and loved it.
Actually I bought about a dozen items.
All the stuff is so fresh and tasty.
Thank You Nutrition Rush Las Vegas!

This review is strictly for the Smoothie Bar.
Like any other Vitamin Shop, except they have bar for shake, smoothie and protein drinks.
Oh, you can also customize your drinks, as well.
First time I've tried their, "Oreo Blast Smoothie"...it's nasty.
Just my opinion, but it tasted like Oreo cookies blended with just ice and a touch of water.
Second time I've tried, "Mango Tango" (Mango & Orange) smoothie, way too rich.
And they use syrup, not real fruits as advertise on their window.
Third time I've tried, "Monkey Rush" (chocolate, peanut butter, honey and banana).
Now this drink is GREAT.
This is when I realized the only fruit they carry is probably just bananas and believe me, I've tried most of those fruit drinks to see if it's fruits that are being tossed in the blender, or just syrup (purée).
And I would given them a 5*, but the reason why I'm holding back that star is...STRAWS!!
Their straws has no cover and it's exposed.
They just leave them it a cup filled with them...no lid, no cover.
Once, I was there waiting for my drinks to be made, the other dude (their friends), was talking over that cup of straws...  That's kinda dirty, dust, saliva and other people touching it.
I mean, we put it our mouths...how much more does it cost to purchase straws with covers ?
They have other products besides pills and powders; such as , cookies , tea, cooking oil and condiments that's either low calories or just healthy products.
I will return from time to time...with my own straw.

Ordered two drinks; 2 Strawberry-Banana smoothie, but one with "Energizer".
First drink was blended with the, "Energizer" and poured into the cup...now at this point, he "realized" there's a lot of left over...so what did he do?
He then poured it in the second cup right before my eyes...  3 things wrong with this:  1.
My energizer is now cut down.
The second cup now has energizer.
The second cup was only 75% filled.

