Weeee!
You have to love Broadway :) And this show is hands down amazing!
These guys met at Phantom here in Vegas and after it closed started up their own group.
Each guy has his own show that he performs songs from, and they all tell you about their background in music and their life.
If you like oldies, this is for you.
If you like Broadway hits, this is for you.
If you like live music period, so for you.
These guys give it their all and you can feel it in their voices.
Take the trip downtown to see them, you won't regret it!

This is an amazing vocal performance.
The intimate setting makes the show special.
The men all have powerful voices.
They blend in famous tunes from Broadway along with their own witty songs.
I've never been so close to very, very, good singers and it is a real treat.
I recommend this show to anyone who appreciates artists that are experts at what they do.

What a pleasure!
Three excellent performers and one of the best piano players there is join forces to showcase their fine voices and show us why they've been on Broadway and on national tours of some of the biggest musicals there are--Phantom of the Opera and Les Misérables.
This show opened last year, closed for awhile when the Plaza had a dispute with a promoter of two other shows at the Plaza, and then reopened after that promoter's things were removed from the showroom.
The Phat Pack name comes from the fact that the three singers met while doing Phantom, the Las Vegas Spectacular and it's a play on words with the Rat Pack.
When Phantom closed, they decided to do this show and I'm glad they did.
Generally, it's three men, Randal Keith, Ted Keegan, and Bruce Ewing.
Ewing is out of town for awhile and they have gotten Rebecca Spencer, the original Madame Giry from Phantom, the Las Vegas Spectacular.
She filled in quite well.
The show revolves around the three singing together and in solo mode.
They tell some things about their lives and how they became entertainers.
Keegan did a superb Danny Boy along with some other songs including a very haunting I'll Be Seeing You by Cole Porter.
Keith's standout numbers were Bring Him Home from Les Mis and Is Anybody There from 1776.
The two sang a song written by a local composer called Men of a Certain Age which is quite funny and hits close to home for me.
Spencer's voice was very good and she was an able stand in for Bruce Ewing.
The three were accompanied by Philip Fortenberry, a very talented pianist that Las Vegas is lucky to have reside here.
He is superb!
He did a number that Liberace composed that's a great variation of Chopsticks.
If you saw the HBO movie "Behind the Candelabra" about Liberace, you saw Fortenberry's hands and sometimes his body playing the piano.
This show is about 70 minutes in length and it is a gem.
I hope more people get out and see this show.
We are fortunate to have these talented people in this great city!

Was able to see this show Last Saturday (Four of our friends had seen the show before and raved about it).
We kept "thinking about it", finally made up our mind and it is FANTASTIC!!!!!!!
Please make sure that you go and see this GEM.
The songs, voices, demeanor, ease, it is just GREAT!!!!
I listened, closed my eyes and the next thing it was over.
What a delight.

The Phat Pack consists of three incredibly talented men (four when you include, as one should, the pianist/musical director) who each bring tons of experience in performing to the small Plaza stage for this seventy-five [75] minute show at a mere fraction of the cost of what it be to hear this level of artistry on the bigger stage.
Bruce Ewing, Ted Keegan, and Randal Keith all met while working for Phantom - The Las Vegas Spectacular.
Keegan actually played the role of the Phantom on Broadway and on national tour; at the Venetian production he was understudy.
Keith played 'Valjean' in Les Misérables on Broadway and national tour, and King Arthur in Spamalot at Wynn.
Ewing played 'Jinx' in Forever Plaid at the Gold Coast and on national tour.
Originally, Joey Singer was the fourth artist as musical director.
Previously, he served as Debbie Reynolds' long-time musical director.
Currently, they enjoy the mastery of Juilliard-trained Philip Fortenberry behind the piano.
More than merely a footnote, Mssr.
Fortenberry is a star in his own right.
You might recognise his hands as those playing Liberace's hits in HBO's Behind the Candelabra.
Those are actually his hands and body with Michael Douglas' head digitally imposed to make it appear like Douglas, as Liberace, is the one doing the playing in the film.
He rushes off, after each show, to Jersey Boys at Paris Las Vegas to his "dayjob.
"   These men parlayed their talents for this convenient and economical show where they perform original work, pop selections from musicals, and other assorted hits ("Danny Boy" is one, performed by Keegan, naturally [the Irishman]).
I will not go into revealing the setlist so there is some surprise.
They are known for enjoying the company of special guest stars including Kristen Hertzenberg, who played Christine at Phantom, the young man that plays Johnny Cash at Million Dollar Quartet, and the current fill-in they have for Keegan (who is on Broadway right now playing the Phantom again) -- who unfortunately I do not know.
The Phat Pack is an incredibly excellent show that I have enjoyed immensely every single time I have attended, and, I will continue attending, with or without setlist changes.
Each performer by himself would be well worth the cost of admission (Fortenberry's concert at The Smith cost way more alone).
Go hear one of these masterful performers on stage today!
- E

The show has been described in detail by many previous reviewers so it's hard to add any more accolades.
We thoroughly enjoyed the talents of all 4 performers.
The mix of song and life experiences was a nice combination.
It was great to experience such top notch talent at far less than most other live performances around town.
Hope they can find a long term home in Las Vegas.
Purchase their CD and help support the homeless.

I got an invite on their very last night.
They told us they got an offer somewhere else, I forget where so Google them if you still want to see this show.
Show's not bad except that I wasn't familiar with any of them.
So I recommend this show for people who are fans of the actual actors then you'll love this.
The each talk about their own personal history which is really cool, so you'll get to know they even better.
And after the show like true showmanship, they'll hang out after the show to meet fans and anyone from the audience.

I saw this show in October when Phat Pack was still at the Plaza.
The music is amazing and the guys are very entertaining.
I cannot wait to go back to Vegas and see them at the Ballys........

Their voices are truly amazing.
However the show itself is not good and drags on entirely to long.
These are very talented people but producers and/ or directors they are not.
We got the tickets for free.
I would have been very upset if we had paid money for this.

I can't add much to the accolades below, except to say that I LOVE THE PHAT PACK.
I saw their show at Cabaret Jazz in the Smith Center, saw them again at the Plaza, and then once more at Bally's.
I could see them a dozen more times and not tire of their talent!
I think it is very sad that they can't find a great venue worthy of the talent of these four men.
I do think the name is somewhat off-putting to some, and tho cute, doesn't really describe the act.
It would be a crime if we lost these consummate performers!

