I would highly recommend Vegas Atmosphere to anybody looking to party in Las Vegas with beautiful, classy, and genuinely nice ladies.
We booked 3 models (Rachel, Sarrah and Kylie) to go out with a group of eight guys for a bachelor party on July 4th weekend.
The guy that booked the girls for us, Sam, helped us with entertainment ideas and club arrangements.
They were on time and professional, and arranged for us to just walk right into the club with no waiting or cover.
At the club, the girls kept everyone engaged by talking with us, drinking with us, dancing with us, and really paying special attention to the whole group.
We had a blast and I can't think of a single complaint.
This company really is everything they say it is, and way more.

I celebrated my birthday 2 weeks ago & one of my buddies found out about atmosphere models from an internet search.
He booked a bunch of models for our group and we ended up having an epic night at Hyde.
Sam got us a buy 2 bottles get 1 free deal and we ended up with 6 bottles and 6 models that night.
This service isn't for sleazy guys looking for a cheap thrill.
As we were assured, these models were really fun, nice, and outgoing.
We didn't feel like we were with some low-class club rats.
It was top notch all around, nothing shady about it.
The models even helped draw in other girls to our table, so when the time we booked them for was up, we still had plenty of girls with us.
Great experience, we'll definitely be in touch for our next Vegas trip.

Wow, amazing!
I booked models with Vegas Atmosphere for a bachelor party last weekend.
I couldn't be more please with the service from the planning phase to the actual parties.
Sam, the guy who runs it, helped our group get bottle deals at the club.
I didn't even know that was possible & it saved our group lots of money.
The models we requested looked even better than their pictures and were so much fun.
Quality girls.
We also booked a cabana at Encore Beach Club.
They were originally going to give us a daybed in a terrible location, but when we met with Sam and the models, he seemed to be good friends with everyone there and got us upgraded to a cabana!
These models were just as hot and fun as the ones from the night before.
It turned out to be an amazing bachelor party weekend and those 2 events were the highlight of it all.
I'll definitely go through Vegas Atmosphere for my next Vegas trip.

I had some buddies visiting from out of town and of course they were relying on me to set up the weekend plans.
I really didn't have the time for it, but fortunately I stumbled upon this service.
Vegas Atmosphere planned the entire weekend and provided models to hang out with my friends at Encore Beach Club.
They even hooked up bottle deals at night for 1Oak and XS.
It was so convenient and my friends had a great time.

I was bit a concern about hiring models to party at my friend's bachelor party.
However, Sam put me in ease and guarantee a fun time with the beautiful ladies.
The models were absolutely beautiful and very attentive to my group.
I couldn't ask for anything more from this service.
If you are looking for an honest, reliable, fun and on-time service.
This is for you!
Do Vegas the right way........

Couldn't get any better!!!
Decided to hit up Vegas Atmosphere as I've been wanting to have some fun and heard from a friend of mine that this is the most professional business there is.
He sure was right!
Sam, the guy in charge, hooked me and my friends up big time.
Got us into the club, got us a table, drink, and girls.
Lots and lots of girls.
And when I say girls I mean the type of girls that turn heads.
These girls were so so so hot/pretty/gorgeous/cute/nice/friendly/flirty however you wanna put it.
We really had a memorable night and is something I wanna do again shortly.
100% will be hitting up Sam again when I head back to Vegas

I've been to Vegas before, as a Rookie, and learned the hard way that if you and group of guy friends go out it's not like the commercials or a scene from the hangover.
You must have some hot chicks to get into places and most of all to attract more hot chicks or you will end up broke, drunk and unhappy.
This time around my friend just passed the bar and I wanted to do something special for him but I didn't want to have the same experience as the last time I was in vegas (long lines, outrageous door fees, even more outrageous table fees, shitty clubs with wack music, etc.).
I heard from a friend that there are companies that provide models for you and your friends.
Skeptically I began calling places, some companies sounded shady and some just straight up illegal, then I found Atmosphere online.
I explained my situation to Sam (the proprietor) who was very professional and understood my situation, he provided us with exactly what I and my friends needed for a great Vegas weekend, he even called me during my evening with the models and the next day to make sure I was satisfied.
I was on a budget and Atmosphere saved us a lot of money, not to mention the models were awesome and  before they're time was up me and my friends were surrounded by other girls that had been attracted by our models.
I highly recommend this service to any group of guys, or girls, trying to have a great vegas trip.
I didn't wake up with a tattoo on my face or a tiger in the room but it was definitely one for the books.
Special thanks to Nieve.

Our company had a client appreciation party after a convention in Las Vegas and Vegas Atmosphere made the whole experience so much easier and much more fun!
They found a venue for us with an open bar in a private section of the nightclub for all of our guests for $7000 total, and it was a total hit.
Being in a male dominated industry, our clients were very pleased when we had 15 hired models to mingle and interact with everyone.
The models were beautiful, friendly, and really made the party a success.
We threw this same type of party last year, and the feedback this year was ten times better.
Our clients are now really looking forward to next year's corporate event, which made my boss really happy.
Thank you so much!

I used Vegas atmosphere last year for the pool party season and I will for sure be using the service again this year.
I met with the owner, Sam, who was easy to get along with and helped out with any requests I had.
We used his service once for the pool party and and once for the nightclubs.
We were met with gorgeous beautiful women who were a blast on both occasions.
It will make your club/pool party experience a hundred times better.
You wont regret it.

I used Vegas Atmosphere last weekend when planning a bachelor party for my best friend.
I must say, the service was excellent.
We had beautiful girls around the bachelor all weekend long and he couldn't have been happier.
The models were beautiful, cool, and really nice.
We used Vegas Atmosphere when going to XS and Marquee and had a host of great girls with us that made the bachelor feel special.
The girls were also great and getting other girls to come visit our table and have drinks with the bachelor.
The service was excellent and the man who runs the company is a pleasure to deal with.
Would definitely recommend this service to anyone looking to have a fun weekend with friends.
Would definitely use this service again on my next trip to Vegas.

Great service!
The owner of this company was very professional and my time was unforgettable.
The girls were extremely fun to party with and had great energy.
I highly recommend this company to anyone who is going thru a divorce or looking for hot and awesome girls to party with.

