Great service!
I would absolutely use them again!

Fantastic service - Would absolutely use them again and recommend to anyone.
Two nannies watched multiple children with different medical needs- they were very informed and prepared for any situation.
Making us feel very at ease.
Played games, crafts, and provided lots of fun for the kids.

We highly recommend Nita Nanny.
The Hyatt directly sent their contact information.
They ensured our 2 yr and 4 yr old were entertained, safe and cared for during our stay at the Hyatt.
I was very concerned not having used them before.
It was immediately obvious that we made a good choice when i started seeing the hotel employees coming up to say hi and acknowledging the nanny as someone who watches kids their often.

We used Nita Nanny for spring training last year and they were wonderful.
Very happy and pleased with their services.
Will definitely use them again.

I highly recommend Nita Nanny!
I always recommend them to all my local friends as well as out of town friends staying at resorts!
We first found Nita Nanny while having a staycation at the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch with our 9 mo old and 3 year old.
We had such great results the first night, we ended up using their services for our entire stay.
Then, we started using their nanny services in our home.
Every nanny has been very professional and amazing with our children.
They always bring arts and crafts and keep my daughter entertained the entire time.
Reyna is the owner and she truly is the baby whisperer!
Our kids love her!
Nita Nanny is the best nanny agency I have used in Scottsdale!

Used Nita Nanny on a referral from the Fairmount Princess concierge service.
Had never used a non-family member to babysit my daughter up to this point.
So why not jump off and use a nanny service, in a hotel, in a new city, as your first experience, right?
Safe to say, this experience was 10000% better than I could have ever hoped for.
Reyna took time to understand the likes and dislikes of my daughter, asked about eating habits, alergies, and what would be acceptable i.e.
Walk around the resort while it's nice out or stay in the room exclusively?
She brought age appropriate games and activities, which I expected.
What I didn't expect, and what eased my mind the entire 5 hours I was at an event at night, was the updates via text message of pictures and what they were doing.
Seeing my daughter smiling the whole time was peace of mind for me.
I used Reyna again the next night and when my daughter saw her walking into the room and gave out a big "HI!!!!
" I knew I had made a solid choice.
Other friends used a different service for nannying during the conference and did not get the same updates throughout the night I got and had a different sitter each night.
I can't help but give Nita Nanny the strongest recommendation possible.

Nita Nanny was so professional!
Reyna was very kind and very thorough asking what we may need from her for our daughter.
She also brought age appropriate toys, which was ver thoughtful.
She was recommended from Hilton Squaw Peak's Coyote Camp.
And their referral did not disappoint!
If we get back to Phoenix, we will definitely use Nita Nanny again if need be!
Thanks!

