Love, love, love this boot camp!
I avidly work out and this is one of the best work outs I have had.
He always changes up the exercises and you get a complete total body work out.
Good for people of all fitness types and sizes.
You make it as hard as you want.
Highly reccommend this class to anyone who wants to get in shape but put in the hard work to do so!

I can't even tell you how amazing this boot camp is!!
I had been trying out different fitness groups to no avail.
Then I found Mike's bot camp and was instantly hooked.
I can go at my own pace with this boot camp and still get into rocking shape.
I can already see a difference in my legs and arms after less than 2 weeks plus Mike is so helpful with helping me correct my form.
I will definitely continue to go every morning session and some evenings too!
If you want to get into great shape alongside awesome people and have tons of fun doing it go to this boot camp!

I've been going to this boot camp for about six weeks now and can feel myself becoming stronger and stronger!
Mike is a great leader and coach - he makes everyone feel comfortable whether they're experienced, or just starting out.
Check out this boot camp if you want to work hard and have fun in the process!

I've seen a couple friends do a boot camp with another place once... and it kind of seemed... formulaic and brutal.
Not a fun experience at all.
So I never joined...
I was around the volleyball courts of Sunset Park one day and I saw RBBC... looked a little more like a challenging game show (I am a game show nerd so I walked over).
Easily the best boot camp I have ever seen, and the first and only I'd want to be a part of.
The classes are challenging, but aren't mindnumbing.
You are actually engaged.
Mike switches things up every class so the things you did on Monday aren't necessarily the things you'll do Tuesday.
And (the gameshow part), there is a game at the end of every workout, which literally milks every last drop of competitiveness you have.
Great classes, awesome instructor, and totally not monotonous.
And the price was pretty solid too.
Can't complain.
(That and if I did, he'd probably make me do more burpees)

