This is one of my favorite resturants in all of Vegas.
This is the spot for Italian food!
A great menu of classics and a very nice staff that knows their food.
It's priced fantastic and very clean... a must order when you go is their homemade house salad dressing OMG it's the real deal Italian salad dressing that Mom makes, milky, cream, and rich; delicious.

Recently had dinner here because my Mother heard a radio commercial so figured why not.
Pleasantly surprised and would not have heard of this place if not for the commercial.
Calamari to start, nice and crispy.
I had the Canneloni Ripiene and sampled her Veal Piccata.
All excellent and good portions.
I agree with the other poster that the salad dressing is delish.
Overall, the service is great.
One of the friendliest staffs I've encountered.
I will be back.

I have  been going to The Sicilian Caffe since 1995.
It was originally in another section of this complex but was destroyed by fire.
They re-opened a few years ago.
The Manicotti, Chicken Marsala are excellent.
Great service and a relaxing atmosphere.
The soups, breads are all home made and the italian dressing is wonderful.
This place is a hidden gem in the Las Vegas Valley.

We ate here because my cousin gave us $125 worth of gift certificates.
Well you might say we went overboard with the orders; our bill ended up being about $165 for three people (and not because the menu is overly expensive).
In any case, the food was all very good and the service was excellent.
I'm incredibly full as I type this.

I have drove by this place a hundred times, after reading these reviews I finally decided to venture in.
What a mistake.
This place is the worst of everything, high prices small servings , horrible food and a mind numbing slow kitchen.
45 minutes to get our food and the place was empty two other tables going  Even after sending back a entree and a appetizer which where inedible, bill was still over 60.00, for two plates of paper thin chicken breasts.
I could write more about this dump, but why waste the time.

One of my all time favorite places.
The Lasagana is awesome!

We gave it a try and found it to be good up to a point.
We came in with "No Reservations" (ha ha) and got seated without a problem.
The place was mildly busy and the decor is better on the inside than the outside.
Started out with some Calimari and it was top notch!
The complimentary bread was hot and tasty.
We were starting to get full and satisfied already.
The house salad was chilled and delicious!
They even gave us a slightly smaller portion because we got filled up a little on the appetizers.
Our pasta dishes were just OK, I had the Penne Putanesca and it was kind of salty and nothing special.
My wife's chicken and pasta was not that good either and the sauces tasted the same on her plate as well as mine.
The chicken breast was paper thin and not anything special.
I had a beer and wife had a glass of wine, then we took a few cannolis to go.
Great dinner for the most part, just the entrees were weak.
"Friendly" Sicillian owner seemed to specialze with a few of the guests and never did say hello to us.
Then a woman brought out a little baby and visited some customers, but not us.
No big deal I guess.
We finished our dinner and headed out the door, not even a "goodnight' or "thank you" from the employees and family at the counter.
Meh, whatever.
We liked the food and will come back again someday.
I'll stay with what I like, pasta with meatballs and will have to try out their pizza.
Sicilian thick crust pizza is what true pizza should be.
I hope they have what I want the next time we are in.

My boss and I stumbled across this place the other day and decided to try it for lunch.
It was cold out and the bread was piping hot.
It tasted great on a cold winter day.
I ordered the prosciutto and roasted pepper panini.
When it came out, it didn't look like prosciutto.
After I flagged the waiter down, he confirmed it was a sausage panini, apologized for the mix up, and said my sandwich would be out in 5 minutes.
The sandwich came with a side of pasta so I ate that in the meantime.
The pasta we fine.
I ordered it with the house sauce which the waiter explained was marinara cooked with meat and then strained to take out the meat while leaving the meaty flavor.
Tasted like marinara to me.
My prosciutto panini arrived.
It was okay but the prosciutto was a little chewy and it wasn't as good as I had hoped.
The service was only okay.
The waiter didn't come over to refill our water for quite some time which I found annoying.
Overall, the meal was fine, but I doubt I'll be back.

While in Las Vegas, my guy ( who knows a thing or two about food ) stumbled across an advertisement for this place on our hotel TV.
It is not located on the famous 'Strip', however, after he had seen the commercial and looked up the menu online, we just HAD to go here!
This establishment is comfortable, and cozy when you walk in.
Independently owned and operated, the owner greeted us with a genuine smile!
Our waiter, Howard, not only had us laughing, but offered up sincere, and honest answers to any question we had in regards to the menu.
THANK goodness, he suggested we split the entree we had asked about because the portions were huge!
The pasta fagiole soup was the best I've ever had!
The wine, appetizer, entree and dessert were simply amazing.
Our experience here was SO good, that we actually came back a second time during our 5 day stay in Vegas!
Even though this place is more of a draw to the locals, I want to put it out there to tourists as well, you really should give it a try, you will NOT be disappointed!
The 2 of us are from Michigan and I will refer this place to anyone who asks about a dining recommendation in that area!
A wonderful experience from start to finish!

Yum!
Large portions and very friendly staff.

aka: Sicilian Cafe, read the reviews there too.
Being a New Yorker at heart I say to you that this is like a NY neighborhood Italian place.
I swear it is like "Mama" cooking in the kitchen.
Start with a fine Sicilian appetizer like Caponata Siciliana.
The olives and peppers are mixed and seasoned just right.
Move on to something like Angel Hair Pomodoro or maybe Lobster Ravioli with a choice of sauces.
The menu of Italian Specialties is extensive.
I've had most of them and find them all wonderful.
I also like the salads that are cold and fresh.
My favorite I must confess is the Siciliana which is fresh tomatoes, red onions, kalamata olives, oregano, and pure flavorful olive oil.
The Sicilian Ristorante is beautifully decorated.
It is clean and well kept.
The Wait Staff are all pleasant, knowledgeable, and quick.
There is a wonderful wine list to choose from or get a suggestion that is always a great bet.
I suggest a reservation for dinner.
Be prepared to leave very full.

I visit my Mother 4-5 times per year and we eat at The Sicilian each time.
The food and ambiance are first rate at reasonable prices.
While the location isnt as flashy as some overpriced Strip restaurant, the food beats any Italian I've had anywhere.
The service is almost always friendly and prompt.
Howard served us on August 10 was excellent.
The Montepulciano house wine is marvelous.
If you're traveling to LV and want great Italian, Take Tropicana east past Pecos - on the North side of the street.

I'm 100% Sicilian and it's hard to find good Italian restaurants.
The food here is amazing.
The service is awesome, and the atmosphere makes me feel right at home.
Authentic Italian food!

Authentic southern Italian meal.
Comfortable ambiance and amazing food.
The Arancina, the veal, the canoli shells from Brooklyn: need I say more?
Has a east coast Italian feel, and the sauces were great!
I highly recommend this gem of a place!

We couldn't have had a more pleasant dining experience!!
My kid sister, visiting from MI, & I, visiting from AZ, were greeted at the door like family!
When our server heard we were from his home state, it was like meeting an old friend.
Our house salads & minestrone soup came with a loaf of fresh-from-the-oven, homemade whole wheat bread.
We enjoyed the PENNE a la SICILIANA and SPAGHETTI (I substituted Fettucini) a la CARBONARA--couldn't have been better.
And then we shared a bowl (yes, martini-glass style bowl) of Tiramasu that was scrumptious!
Each course was served from a quaint wooden cart--nice touch.
The only thing potentially off-putting were the warnings posted here & there--turn off your cell phone (they seem to be allowed at lunchtime to accommodate working lunches); "If you decide to alter our menu, it becomes your responsibility.
Either you like it or not, you will be CHARGED FOR IT!!!!!!
!," etc.
And the overall '80s decor could use updating when the economy improves.
But save the murals!!
In summary; the FOOD was top-notch, the SERVICE was impeccable, the ATMOSPHERE was divine!
I will make sure to visit every time I go to Las Vegas and tell my friends for their next visits!

On the first visit, the staff was friendly, the place was packed, and my wife tells me the lasagna was well worth the $19, which only took 15 minutes

Definitely - As Good As It Gets - Including comparing their food to the many meals I ate in Italy two years ago.
Actually, I think this is better.
Treated myself and went there for lunch just yesterday - It was Valentine's Day.
I was not disappointed.
At first, when I heard their ad on the radio, I was intrigued and kept thinking, "I must try that place", but it took a few tries as each time I went there they were closed - on vacation or something plus I found out they close for lunch on Mondays.
Finally, I got lucky - went there and was so impressed that I've gone back a few times within 2 months.
Highly recommended in all respects - decor, quality of food and wine, good diverse menu, great service and nice atmosphere.
Without a doubt, the best Sicilian/Italian food that I've found here in the valley - Las Vegas or Henderson - and I've tried many.
I'm very particular about marinara sauce and because it's so hard to find a good one, I usually don't order it, but my friend decided to, so of course I had to have a taste.
I was blown away - Surprisingly, very very good as is everything I've had so far.
Yesterday I had mussels and Capellini (they switched from Linguini at my request) and OMG!!!
Then there's the fresh baked bread and their house salad with raisins - The best dressing.
Just writing this, I think I'll have to go back again soon.
MMmmmmmm.....
The only suggestion I would make would be to have the choice of less expensive wine by the glass - I always enjoy a glass of wine with a good meal, whether it be with lunch or at dinner.
If you're with friends ordering a bottle is no problem but when you're alone, lunch gets pricey @ $10.95 per glass, even if it is good wine.
But, at the end of the day, I cannot recommend this restaurant more highly and I will surely return often and on special occasions.

This place is just great.
Not only is the food excellent, the ambiance and atmosphere make this place a hidden gem.
The service is first class.
Not only did my waiter check on me frequently, the owner, Pietro also checked in on me a few times.
The Sicilian Ristorante does not have them glitz and glamour of the strip.
It does not need it.
An all around classy establishment.

I was recently driving in the area and saw the Sicilian cafe and being Born in Vegas and having tried every legitimate Italian restaurant in Las Vegas I couldn't remember  if I had actually ever eaten  there since I have tried so many places and many that are no longer in business.
I went there with 2 friends  for an early dinner at 6pm.
(That is early for me as I usual eat at 8pm or 9pm.
The dining room was dead with only 2 other tables occupied when we got there.
It was early so  I didn't think much of it.
We were seated and the server Melissa came over and took our drink orders promptly and dropped off a bread basket.
She was friendly.
After looking over the menu we all knew what we wanted or were deciding between 2 differed entrees.
When Melissa came over for our orders, I asked  for her suggestion between the Tortellini  and Angel Hair.
Although friendly, Melissa just said they are both good.
My other friends had similar questions and received similar answers.
Now I appreciate  when a server is honest and not always trying to up-sell just to pad the check, there was no help at all deciding between the dishes.
We started with Carprese, Minestrone and Pasta Fagioli.
All were  fine but nothing special or set them apart from anywhere or even pre made store bought variety.
We all agreed that is was just OK.
Shortly after we received our dinners.
Tortellini, Manicotti Ripieni, and Baked Ziti.
They were all hot and seemed  fresh baked by the look of them.
Hungery we all at most of our diners.
The taste didn't back up the look of them.
It was just OK.  Not bad not good or anything special.
I was waiting for  somone to come out of the kitchen telling us, this dinner way prepared by Pizza Hut or Olive Garden.
It was good enough to eat  and fill you up but nothing I would come back for even if I was again in the area.
The service and friendliness was the only think memorable about the dinner.
Since Sicilian Ristorante was very forgettable food wise, I am thinking that, combined with the countless Italian joints in Vegas I have been to, is exactly why I couldn't remember eating there before.
The food is forgettable and uninspired and so is the restaurant.
If you love places like Olive Garden or Applebees you will like this place, if you want something more memorable and  not only get filled up and be on your way, find another Italian place.
Forgettable!

I'm new to Las Vegas and was looking for a good authentic, (off-strip, not chain) Italian restaurant...and I found it.
It's kind of out of the way, but completely worth it!
We went for lunch and the bruschetta appetizer was great.
The tomatoes were sweet even though they aren't in season.
I had the fettuccine primavera with olive oil and garlic.
The vegetables were cooked perfectly and the flavor was great.
One of my companions said the lasagna was the best he's ever had.
Another person in the party also went traditional with the fettuccine alfredo and said the sauce was creamy and cheesy without being too heavy.
We shared a tiramisu for desert which is homemade and perfect.
This small, obviously family-owned restaurant is a hidden gem.
It was casual enough to be comfortable, but still boasted cloth table clothes.
The service was really good also.
Hurray for supporting local small businesses and getting great food in the process.

The best lamb chops anywhere!!!
Escargo my six month old son even enjoyed (chopped very small of course).
Our family just came from visiting there again and the food is delish.
Keep up the great work.
Jerry and Luz loved your food again.
Till next time.

Awesome savoring dishes.
Most delicious rack of lamb anywhere.
We miss Casey.
Escargot was very tasty that even my 7 month old son enjoyed with the garlic bread.
Very friendly service, nice ambiance, a hidden gem for Vegas.

Fresh, old fashon home cooking with big portions.
A little pricy for  traditional offerings.
'Could do exactly the same thing in my own kitchen.
Would never go back.

A break from Thai food !
There are a lot of Italian restaurants in Vegas, some good, some not so good.
Not wanting to drive across town we decided to try a new (to us) place, of course checking yelp we came across this place.
So on with the important stuff, greeted at the door, seated quickly, bread delivered ( darn its good) orders taken, I went for the cannelloni, the wife went for the sea bass.
How can I put this Travis D has it pretty much spot on, the food reminded me of Olive Garden except, it was a lot more money and a lot less food.
My cannelloni was, well blah to be honest, the wife's sea bass was ok, not great, but the portion sizes were just way off for the price, I don't mind paying for good food, I do mind paying for ok food served in small portions.
There are better Italian restaurants in town for sure, even if it means having to drive a little.

Had the meatballs- fluffy & flavorful!
Calimari and scallops are excellent!
Expect to spend $100 for 3 courses for 2 and drinks but took home leftovers.

We moved to Nevada from New York about two years ago and have tried many Italian restaurants since moving.
None have come close to what we were used to in New York.
None until The Sicilian Ristorante that is!
The food there is just as good as any back East.
The service was excellent, food authentic down home Sicilian and the bread hot and fresh!
It's our new favorite place and we can't recommend it highly enough!

I wish I could give this place 10 stars!
You just can't find food like this in Las Vegas!
I've lived in Vegas for 12 years now and when I found this jewel, I just can't stop coming back!
The rice balls are out of this world!
Penne vodka, bolognese, fettucini carbonara...all the amazing dishes I miss from back home in NJ....
The only downside is that I know I've gained a few pounds since I started coming because I just can't resist those rice balls!

I have been here on two occasions.
The food was good both times.
The service was problematic both times.
The first time, my date was carded, which is fine, but her ID was taken and inspected away from the table.
The server, the manager and another server all stood in a huddle away across the restaurant within sight and openly laughed.
No idea why.
Very impolite and unprofessional.
The second time the server was arrogant and tried too hard to "relax" us.
He was trying to control the atmosphere of the meal more than I like in service.
When I attempted to order an appetizer with my wine on his first visit,  he chastised me and told me to slow down and relax.
We hadn't eaten all day, not that he took the time to find that out.
He was too busy telling us how to dine there.
Both times the food did not make up for the service.
It is a little too pricey for the quality.

Jonathon is the best server in Vegas.
Awesome guy.
Made our experience so wonderful and the food was absolutely amazing.
I'll be back again and again!

Food was very good but the wine & cocktail list doesn't make any sense as it pertains to pricing.
I think you can bring your own wine which would be recommended based on their very strange price structure.
Would have rated a 4 if not for the bar pricing.

Came in on a weekday and was seated asap BC it wasn't that busy.
The interior is nicely decorated and my waiter suggested the Linguine Pescatore since I was craving seafood.
My entree included salad which was fresh and chilled.
When my Linguine  Pescatore arrived I was shocked at the size and all the scallops, shrimps, clams, mussels and calamari the entree included.
The red sauce was not overpowering and I could really taste the melody of seafood ingredients.
My waiters was friendly and knowable with his menu offerings.
Only negative was I was I was full and couldn't order any dessert!

This place could have been on the East Coast.
Stick to the Sicilian Specialties and you will not be disappointed.
It is about 5 miles from the "strip" and the drive is well worth it.
Be sure to ask owner Pietro to share his social views with you, and trust waiter Louie's recommendations.
I was there with a party of 18 Italian Americans, mostly from New York, New Jersey & Pennsylvania, who thoroughly enjoyed the authentically prepared food.
Some may think the prices are a bit high, but you get what you pay for.
I strongly recommend the Mussels with white sauce as an appetizer and the Coippino for dinner.

I'd give this place a 5 for customer service, but as far as the food goes it gets a 3!
The staff were superb!
Very friendly and the owner was great and funny!
The food was a bit overpriced, but it was delicious nonetheless!
I thought what my boyfriend and I ordered was going to be huge by the way the server was explaining it (we shared), but I could our food my by myself.
It was a great first time experience!

It's been a family tradition to go to the Sicilian Ristorante for over 25 years; when it was the Sicilian Cafe just a building or so over.
I love these guys- Pietro, the owner, the main dinner waiter Luis, Casey- everyone is awesome.
(Luis should be in a movie- someone make that happen.
) Service is amazing and old-school.
The food is always great (and come hungry, portions are not small!).
When I come home to Vegas, I always have dinner here.
For all the change that Vegas is constantly undergoing- I can always count on their good food and sense of humor.
Thanks guys!

Kong salad is amaizing!

We were in the area when our car broke down.
Since we had our newborn baby with us, and it was 120 out, decided we should wait inside and that's how we ended up here.
It was lunch time and I was shocked to see how much the lunch prices were!
And on top of that, it didn't include a side salad, so had to pay extra to add one.
Tortellini was OK, but not worth $13 for a small serving.
The staff is super friendly, and service was great, but I just can't get over the high prices for just OK food.
I will say that the $7 canolli was very good.
Still though, my boyfriend just ordered a side salad, while I stayed with the baby and ate the tortellini, and I ended up spending like, $45 on lunch after tip and felt way ripped off.
It's a shame their prices are so high when they don't even make their own pasta there (which is easy to do and would probably save them money making them able to lower their prices to a reasonable, competitive price.
) I don't know how this place is still open.
Way too expensive!

This was EXACTLY what I was needing.
My girlfriend and I met for dinner (for a night away from husbands, kids dogs, etc) and wanted somewhere quiet and quaint.
So I saw the reviews on yelp and thought lets try it.
I knocked it out of the ballpark!
From the owner to the wait staff we were treated with Kidd gloves!
We got there at 6 and closed the restaurant!
We first ordered the calamari and escargot.
Wine and more wine.
Then for dinner I ordered the chippano.
oh my Gosh!!!
It was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!
I had to bring most of it home because of eating the others but honestly, I wanted to share with my husband.
There is no way to describe this dish, ya just got to get it!
For dessert we ordered the creme brûlée.
Another wow!
Just a hint of lemon and the top crystallized perfectly.
See,  what I mean about wow?
The restaurant was very clean and the bathroom was spotless (Always judge a kitchen by the way the bathroom is kept).
Now looking forward to going there with my husband soon!
I just ate the last of the Chippano.

I was invited by a friend, so i didn't pick the place.
I loved it.
I have a friend that is Italian and her mom used to cook for her birthday, it reminded me exactly of that.
We had calamari, brochettes with plenty of garlic flavor, and I had a seafood soup I don't know the name all I know that it was good, i ordered by the picture on the wall.

I was going to give this a four star but I couldn't figure out a reason to not give it five.
The staff is friendly food is hot!!
If you're a fan of Alfredo goes for the pink sauce.

This place is to die for!!
Everything is made fresh in house...even the pasta!
While visiting a friend in Vegas we decided to have my first real Sicilian meal.
This is a cozy place with white table cloths, fabric napkins along with a great casual atmosphere.
The meal starts with a wonderful, beautifully browned, loaf of warm bread with butter.
Then we both had a salad with the house dressing of creamy Italian .
OMG, was it good!
They even bring out extra dressing because it's that good.
For our main course we had the eggplant parmesan.
It looked too good to eat.
It was loaded with cheese and the sauce was very flavorful.
This was served with a side order of spaghetti that was done to perfection, too.
Keep in mind that the main course servings are large enough for 2 meals.
For dessert I had the Terra me sue that was to die for.
Service was excellent and the price was too.
If you are in Vegas, give this place a try.
It's on Tropicana Ave but it's at least 5 miles from the strip so you cannot walk there.

I had a late lunch at Sicilian Ristorante on a Wednesday.
There were only 2 other tables.
The restaurant has a cool vibe, I bet it's great for dinner on a Friday or Saturday night.
White tablecloths, lots of pictures on the wall, small bar near the front of the joint.
Classic.
I had the prosciutto with roasted pepper sandwich.
It was good, but could have used some more meat.
I thought the roasted peppers were the best part of the sandwich.
I got some of the red sauce on the side.
It was thinner than usual, but had good flavor.
I would definitely get something with the sauce again, but not the sandwich.
They have specials that aren't on the menu, including osso buco.
I imagine I'll return and give that a shot, it looked fantastic.

Our first visit was last night.
Why haven't we been here before?
What a welcoming restaurant.
We were greeted immediately and taken to our table, that was big enough for us not to feel like we were on top of each other.
The service was impeccable.
Food was incredible.
I am vegetarian and had no problem being entirely satisfied.
My husband and our friends had non-vegetarian food and raved about it.
Wine list is wonderful.
The owner went to each table more than once to check on his guests.
We felt we were guests in his home.
We never felt rushed to turn the table.
We simply had a wonderful time.
It appeared everyone else in the restaurant did too.
We highly recommend this wonderful place.
Bon Appetito!

What a disappointment.
This place is way too expensive for what it is, and the decor is dry.
Our waiter was nice, but he may have been on acid or some substance.
The calamari was very chewy and the batter was not crunchy enough.
We had the ziti and speghetti and meatballs.
They were both bland.
In the end, we wish we went to another Sicilian/Italian restaurant.
ANY other one.

Living near San Diego's Little Italy and caring for some spunky sicilian Nonas I got hip to the yummy fried gooey goodness of arancini!
Moving to Henderson I cringed at the thought of being 5 hours away from it...However my silent worries were somehow heard and an angel surprised me with a serving one day at work...first observation: The sauce is on the plate with the arancini sitting on top?
Not used to seeing it that way, so my taste buds were not expecting what was coming next...SWEET SERENITY!
The arancini was fried well, nice crunch to welcome the cheesy rice in the center, scoop it up with the red meat sauce and peas (Perfection in every bite) Totally annihilates Cafe Zucchero's!
I will definitely be checking into the restaurant in the coming weeks to check out the rest of the menu!
5 stars for a five star arancini.
Will update when I get the whole dining experience!
Mangia Bene!

Caprese sandwich not what I expected the bun should have been toasted it was just lacking flavor.

I love this place.
Great food atmosphere and service.
Large portions.
Excellent food.
Am a local and will continue dining here every time a get a hankering for sicilian.

Loved it!
We had a fantastic late  lunch of a magnificent Sicillian Pizza pie.
wait time was average and service was good but there were only a couple other people in the restaurant at the time.

Nice, bright setting.
GREAT service.
Great food.
Need to go again to see if it's a 5.

Ok, maybe it's just me, but the sign outside said lunch ends at 2:30 and dinner starts at 2:31....hmmmm.
This is not Buger King...but seems they may be a bit inflexible.
I came specifically looking for a good Italian sub, but was there at 2:55.
Really, a cold cut sandwich could not be made 25 minutes past the deadline.
Really?
Absolutely not, (part of the company policy I'm guessing), the young man gave a flat no...end of subject.
C'mon, pretend to go back and see if there's any salami left.
Nope...no is no.
Anyway, got the cannelloni, arrived quickly and hot.
It was edible, but like a high school cooking class meal.
Olive Gardens is way better.
Anyway, it's clean, staff ok,  price ok, but was disappointed in both the food and the unwillingness to accommodate what seems like a very minor variation.
Take note Sicilian Ristorante, inflexibility is not an appealing characteristic of a restaurant.

I have been hearing the commercials on the radio and was intrigued.
I had to try this place.
My sister and brother in law joined me.
The food was wonderful and the service was great!
I highly recommend this quaint restaurant to anyone that enjoys a great Italian dinner!

I was very disappointed when I made a special trip to this restaurant.
For months I have listened to the wonderful commercials on the radio.
Could not wait to try.
The few times I was going to be in the area was always a Sunday, when they are closed.
That is why it took me so long to go there.
When I finally had the opportunity the food was just okay and the server was unwilling to recommend.
He actually asked me how he would know what item I would prefer.
I had expected a wonderfully cheerful, friendly experience, based on the commercial.
I believe the owner or manager was there and visiting with another table with the kind of experience I anticipated, we however did not even get a hello.
Luckily, I had a friend in from out of town.
Unfortunately, I was unimpressed.

Ate there yesterday for lunch with my 14 year old daughter: for Lasagne ($12), extra sauce ($3), Garlic Bread ($6), Caprese Salad ($9).
The server was very excellent.
My daughter insists I mention that the Olive Garden would have been better.
The Lasagne tasted like sauce out of a can that had set out for days with low grade hamburger mixed in.
The very thin layer of cheese on top was so thin it was nearly flavorless and what flavor was there was not a good one.
The bread that came with the meal was less than average.
The salad was bland.
The garlic bread was a celebration of overpowering garlic assaulting my mouth.
The funky cheese on that garlic bread polluted the flavor.
The impression we left with was that this restaurant's management and kitchen staff are care far more about making money and cares very little about what they send out of their kitchen.

I was really disappointed in this place because the reviews were great.
No one was there around 4:00pm.
The service was great tho!
Food was mediocre, Olive Garden is better.

This used to be a wonderful place.
I started going to the Sicilian back in 1995 , when they were  in their other location .
It's been a while  since I dined here .
The food quality has definitely changed and not for the better .
The house sauce tasted different and was bland.
I had the manicotti .
The decor which used to be elegant and upscale  is now a hodgepodge of 9/11 memorial wall.
Murals everywhere and American flags everyplace.
They  want all cell phones off at dinner.
As another poster noted , inflexible rules .
This place I'm sorry to say has changed.

Came here for our anniversary and had a pretty darn good meal.
Started off with cocktails while we waited for our table (failed to make reservations).
I had a "God Father" which was scotch and some liquour and darn tasty.
We got our seat and I started with some escargot (first time) and really enjoyed it.
It had tons of garlic and a good serving size.
Wife ordered the calamari and it was outstanding.
Then onto our main dishes.
I had chicken parm.
It was large enough to take some home and enjoy the dish again the next day.
I highly recommend it.
Can't remember what the wife at but I'm sure she will post a review also.

I come to this place about once a month, I can count on getting authentic Italian food, and most importantly authentic Italian hospitality.
The chicken carciofi ( I think that's how you spell it) is the best Italian dish I have ever had, they also have many "signature" dishes you can only find there.
Howie (Wilfredo) is our usual sever and recognizes us when we come in, he is really a fun guy to have serve your food.
The owner is there frequently and is a really great guy as well.
I will be coming here until I leave Vegas, it's my favorite restaurant here for sure.
There house salad dressing is awesome, the fresh baked bread tastes as good as it sounds and the desert is great each time.
If you want to dine Sicilian , there is only one way to do it in Las Vegas.
Go to the Sicilian ristorante.

This place is amazing.
I come here at least once a week.
Amazing Italian food.
The escargot is to die for.
Family owned.
Everyone is so friendly.
Must try

Our first time.
After hearing the commercials we had to give this place a try.
It had cloth napkins and tablecloths, cozy lighting, a love of Italy and America is their main decor.
Nice staff, good with drink refills and time between courses.
Great Cesar salad, delicious lasagna, perfect ravioli.
And the bread... Oy, the bread.
Whenever we're in town this will be high on the list.

