I usually dread urgent care but with a screaming infant we decided to go anyway.
We walked in to this FastMed and were in and out in less than 30 minutes.
The staff was attentive, quick, friendly, and very helpful.
For the first time ever the urgent care experience was better than going to my family pediatrician.

I had a very pleasant experience with this office.
Office was nice and clean and very spacious, got greeted by a real nice gal at the desk who took care of all my paperwork.
The nurse who took me back had the same name as mine ans we laughed about that and minions :) dr Allison Kaplan was very nice and took great care of me.
My visit was less than 40 minutes from the time I arrived til I got in my car.
There's a Walgreens pharmacy right there in the plaza that just happens to be my pharmacy so that worked out great.
Would recommend to anyone needing a dr. And they are opened on the weekend which is nice :)  will be choosing that location if I should have any needs !

I  came  into  to  this  urgent  care  because  I  was  in  need  of  some  advice  and  meds  for  my  condition  which  was  Allergy  related.
I  was  welcomed  by  2  young  women  whom  were  very  calm  and  friendly  and  took  care  of  things  super  quick.
I  was  lucky  enough  to  get  a  smart  young  Physician  Assistant  in  Rana  Rkein  who  took  a  decent  amount  of  time  with  me  to  answer  all  my  questions.
I  really  think  it  is  important  to  find  wisdom  and  a  great  listener  in  the  medical  community  and  this  was  a  great  fit.
Thanks  for  your  efforts  and  help  I  would  highly  return  to  this  location  on  32nd  and  Thunderbird  Rd.
in  Phoenix.

This Urgent is by no means the closest to my home but it got the best reviews and after a visit, I can see why.
You can book an appointment online which eliminates the hospital-waiting-room-esque quality of many urgent cares.
The facility is new and well maintained.
The nurse practitioner was very thorough in treating me.
It's obvious they are very patient-centered here and that's nice to see.

