This is the first time I've ever taken the time to write a bad review for anything..
But this place deserves due credit.
While a few other mothers and I were sitting across the hall watching our FOUR YEAR OLD children from a room equipped with tv screens we hear coach Shauna bellow in a very loud deep tone &quot;I told you 4 times to get over here and pay attention&quot; and I'm talking like shes yelling at grown men in a barroom or something absurd.
Completely startled we all glance at each other wondering if that really just happened.
Followed by 2 other moms I walk to the room, concerned.
When i asked Coach Shauna what was wrong she told me that the girls were just not listening.
I told her that if she ever has a problem with my daughter to send her out of class, that i am always in the other room and that i do not approve of her yelling at her.
the other mothers also voiced their concern in which Coach Shauna replied &quot;if you dont want your kid in my class they don't have to be&quot; Hello?!
Last I knew I payed to have my kid in this class and never once did I sign her up to be disciplined especially in that manner!
After requesting to speak with the manager about the incident and them returning my call after they reviewed the tape i was informed that they cant have the class disrupted.
I am not about letting my daughter be rude and I am more than proud knowing that she is a very polite and respectful little girl, but these are FOUR year old kids Coach Shauna is dealing with and if she doesnt have the patients to teach four year olds then she shouldn't be!
i'm also pretty sure they are suppose to be having fun and they are not training for the olympics.
Needless to say I never went back and wasted a ton of money :( Beware of this scary place.
Ps the tv screens suck too, can't see a thing!

My daughter has been at flip for me for almost four years now.
She has moved her way up from recreation to team.
In all our four years we have not experienced any negativity whatsoever.
She has been encouraged and praised for her success.
Each an every instructor she has had has been respectful, knowledgeable and supportive.
This attitude is passed onto the girls, as they in turn are just as respectful to one another as they are to the instructors.
They are a family.
The owners care for the girls like they are there own.
I'm sorry the lady in the first review had a bad experience, but it is NOT representative of Flip for Me as a whole.
If you want your child in a loving, nurturing environment where they can grow at their own pace, Flip for Me is the place for you.

Pros:   It was usually pretty clean, and the equipment was in good shape.
Coach Shawna was always awesome with our daughter.
She seemed to really enjoy interacting with her.
The classes were age appropriate and my daughter usually loved going.
Cons:  Poor communication.
We showed up for class one day only to find out it was not happening due to a performance that was being put on.
My daughter was disappointed.
When we asked why we weren't told class was canceled, they responded that "we told (forgot name) to email everyone.
"  I did get a class credit, but it took a lengthy phone call to do so.
Only one parent is allowed on the floor at a time.
Being a class for 2 year olds, I didn't understand why.
My husband wanted to participate with our daughter as well, and we were told he had to watch from the sides, so we switched off.
Repetitive.
Each week was pretty similar to the week before.
So much so that by the end of the 8 week session, my daughter had lost interest  and didn't even want to go anymore.
Management attitude was a bit lackluster in every dealing I've had with them.
Overall I might give them one more try.
Now that my daughter is almost 4 I hope the classes will be less repetitive and more progressive.

