Not recommended, was priced out for 2 1/2 hrs & 2 gentlemen were here only an hour & a half including a cig break.
Was told if less time was taken the price would be adjusted and it was not.
Cleaning services overall were lackluster, they had no broom, no mop, they needed to use mine, even still mop job was terrible.
they brought a vacuum however all rooms were done half-a$$ed.
No dusting was done whatsoever.
Called back later and was disconnected only after being advised there were " no refunds " terrible customer service to say the least.
NO STARS!!

LivingSocial coupon deal went BADLY.
Owner is way over his head with the sale of these deals - they never showed & I received a refund from Living Social.
If you would like details as to why I cannon recommend this company, please message me.
I would normally post all the details, but they have my address, and I am uncomfortable with that.

These people came to my house and after a few hours of pushing dirt around the floor and not dusting.
They told me i was lucky they didn't rob me when I complained.
They spent a lot of time talking on there phone and smoking outside.
This is a sham company run by hoodlums with their pants falling down.
I wouldn't recommend them to anyone and living social should be ashamed of them selfs for allowing them to post a coupon.
If you have already bought one get your money back!!!
this is who your dealing with https://www.facebook.com/dillon.roig?hc_location=stream

If I could get someone on the phone I would add stars, but they SUCK!
Run away.. read more here on Yelp

No call, no show for appt this afternoon.
Requested refund from LivingSocial.

I was the first person to purchase this voucher.
I called to schedule my housecleaning service and never received a return call.
Several weeks later I called again and reached the owner, Chris.
He was very apologetic and put me on his 'personal' schedule.
I took the afternoon off work to accomodate his time frame, and he didn't show up.
I called and there was no answer and no way to leave a message.
Several calls later, to both Living Social and Magik Housekeeping, I am still without service and without a refund.
Living Social's only resolution is to keep directing me back to the business.
Since the business is refusing to return my calls, emails or messages, this is completely unacceptable.
I'm afraid I will have to resort to reporting both Magik Houskeeping and Living Social to merchant services as fraudulent businesses.
Edit:  After contacting Living Social again, I have been given a refund.

I ordered service from LivingSocial to clean my apartment for a move out.
I work 10 hour shifts and thought that the $90 for the service was a "deal".
I was soooo wrong!!
I asked my mom to be at the empty apartment 15 mins before the schedule time and the cleaners NEVER showed.
After an hour of having my mother waiting, I called the owner and he said that he didn't know what happened, but someone would be on their way shortly.
Long story short, after waiting 3 hours, my mom left.
I called the owner and he said that his cleaning crew got backed up on a previous job(is this my fault) and weren't able to make my appointment time.
He then offered to reschedule, but when I called him back to set up a time all of my calls went to voicemail.
This was almost two weeks ago and I haven't heard anything back yet.
I've contacted LivingSocial for a refund and requested that this company be removed from the coupon deals.

Also purchased living social deal as a gift.
They were unable to contact  the company and I too am requesting a refund.

