I love this place!
A great community to learn Authentic Chinese Martial Arts.
Sifu Ho has a wealth of knowledge and is an excellent teacher, for any level student.

The best Wushu / Chinese Kung Fu school!
Great group of people here, I would say it is more of a family rather than just a school, everyone genuinely cares for each other, and the training is exceptional.
Kids excel in physical abilities such as flexibility and strength.
This is probably the most challenging martial arts I have ever seen and yet all the kids happily work together and work through their hard core training session with a smile.
I am very impressed by their perseverance and dedication and I also applaud Master Ho for teaching and encouraging the art of Wushu and passing it on to the next generation.
A lot of people think that all the action movies from Jet Li, Gerard Butler, Channing Tatum such as 300, Star Wars and Matrix fight scenes in Hollywood are Karate or Taekwondo but they are mistaken.
Remember the movie by Jackie Chan and Jaden Smith, the "Karate Kid"?
They were all doing Wushu and Kung Fu, not Karate!
Remember Robert Downey Jr. from Sherlock Holmes and Iron Man?
He used traditional Kung Fu!
He has practiced Kung Fu for over 10 years.
Many more movies and action stars use Wushu as their action choreography and few people actually know.
Phoenix Wushu is helping to promote the art of Wushu to people of all ages.
Hopefully one day, everyone will know the difference between Wushu, Taekwondo and Karate!

Phoenix Wushu Academy is more then just a wushu school, its a family.
Everyone supports one another.
Master Ho has a keen eye on proper technique and knows how to teach what he knows on an individual level.
I love that about him.
Miss Bonnie directs the academy and is a gifted organizer.
She's arranged for our school to perform at the Orpheum theatre early next year and I'm sure it'll be awesome!
This place manages to exude a positive, fun, yet challenging atmosphere for all age groups and fitness levels.

If you want to practice Wushu in a friendly and loving environment offering the finest instruction in the United States, look no further!!!!!
We are blessed to have Master Ho at PWA who offers the best instruction for youth and adults in traditional Chinese Wushu.
His attention to detail and technique coupled with his patience for each student at the school cannot be matched.
Bonnie Fu his spouse is additionally amazing and brings her artistic expertise to the Academy offerings.
Courses offered in Chinese art, Chinese dance and Chinese language are also outstanding.
Additionally, the academy offers one of the finest summer camps for children annually, with changing themes each summer.
In addition to standard Wushu competitions, students have the opportunity to participate in an arts performance annually such as - Mulan which will be performed this January 2014.
Finally, the academy is grounded in the finest Christian values that exemplify: love, discipline, honestly and hard work to name a few which help train the hearts of all those who encounter PWA!
What a find for our family in the last year!

