I was lucky enough to head along to one of the "launch" parties of this new bar.
I like the layout and the decor, it's a pretty upmarket place but out of the way enough that I hope the riff raff will be kept out.
I mostly had several glasses of wine to drink and the house red pretty solid all told.
I was impressed.
I also tried several shots of cocktails including one with popping candy and one black russian style one.
We also had a Charlie Chaplain one in a tea cup which was quite quaint!
I didn't spot that many good beers so might stick to wine for the moment when I'm there.
Food wise they had herring so they obviously have excellent taste.
The burgers looked good and I'll have to come back and have a go at the menu.
They seemingly have a speakeasy style club downstairs which is only accessable if you know the password - this might make it slightly awesome..... Or just full of dickheads.
I guess I'll have to go find out!

Really cool place to come for a drink on a sat night without feeling like the oldest person in the bar!
They had a fabulous live band on sat night playing a mix of country (everyone loves a bit of Johnny Cash), rock and indie.
Thoroughly enjoyed bopping away, tequila slammer in hand (then mouth).
Sampled quite a few cocktails and pre made shots....All in the name of yelp of course.
Tasty, fruity, alcoholic.
Nuff said.
Would def go back to the main bar but the after hours bit below was too small with no dance floor.
Pointless really.
Nice toilets.
Important!
Need to try it during the day to see what the food is like.

A oh-so-swish and swanky bar in the West End, serving unusual cocktails under chandeliers, surrounded by suited business folk on a Wednesday evening.
Angels Share is a beautiful new bar, with  more chandeliers than I could count, a piano in the bar (I didn't hear it played) and booths, high seats, and a club next door.
On a Wednesday evening it was pleasantly half full but not busy.
The bar man was incredibly courteous and very attentive.
I ordered, paid, then he brought the drinks over.
I really liked that touch; not sure if it would extend to a busy Friday night.
The cocktail - the Flower of Scotland - was really quite delicious.
Champagne with Edinburgh raspberry gin, and a real flower on top (mine was a pansy).
It was a good serving too, not in flute, but in a real champagne glass.
Totally reasonable for a cocktail in this part of town, at £7.50.
The other one that caught my eye was Haud Yer Wheest!
which was made with peaty whisky and ginger.
Oh yes.
I haven't been on a Friday or Saturday night, but knowing the area I imagine it's not somewhere I personally will want to go on a Friday or Saturday night.
This is no fault of the bar, just the area and general mood and ambiance.
Very busy, full of suited folk and folk who like to dress up and aren't always the friendliest drinking neighbours.
But on a mid-week evening it is the perfect spot to pop in for a cheeky, delectable cocktail.
I've yet to try the food (also curious).
And I won't knock it before I've tried it, so I will pop in here at the weekend to see what it's like.
But so far, I do like the cocktails on a Wednesday evening, and the very courteous barman who served me!

I thought I'd update my review of Angel's Share as I popped in last night for some drinkies and ended up staggering out after having 2 bottles of wine (shared)!!
A bottle of wine for a tenner Mon to Thurs - do it!
Really good value.
And... as i was rather tipsy I decided to go for the steak burger & cheese which was lovely.
A warning for anyone like me who doesn't like sauce though  - it was smothered in tomato sauce (or relish they called it).
The waiter who came over to check how I was enjoying the food could see I was struggling with the sauce - I just really hate tomato sauce & i don't understand why they wouldn't put this on the side as an option?!?
Anyway he insisted on changing it for me which was nice as there wasn't anything technically wrong with the burger.
Apparently it says it comes with relish on the menu but I honestly hadn't expected it to come IN the burger already.
Small issue though as they fixed it.
Home-made fries were hot & salty - yum Burger was home-made, crumbly and cooked to perfection Onion Rings were surprisingly light with a tempura batter The brioche roll was a nice touch, kind of looked like a bagel without a hole and the sweetness and softness of the bread worked really well (much better than a ciabatta roll which is very heavy and filling).
Would go back for more food!

Lots of glitz and glamour yes, it looks nice yes...but the service was abysmal.
Be interested to know if others had the same experience but I have to say I wont be rushing back anytime soon.
Almost warm prosecco from their 'other fridge' was a not a winner!

I've read some mixed reviews about this place so I wanted to try it for myself.
K & I decided to try their lunch offer.
2 course lunch & a cocktail for £15 through 5pm.co.uk.
We both had the pink gin fizz cocktail which was lovely.
It was a generous serving in a tall glass with fresh raspberries muddled through it.
So good we ordered a second!
Food wise, I had the mussels in a Bloody Mary sauce to start.
It was a generous serving of very plump mussels with some crusty bread to mop up the sauce.
K had the bruschetta.
It was a generous portion too & we scoffed the lot.
For main I tried the salmon served with herb couscous & K had the chicken stuffed with haggis.
Both portions were a decent size & full of flavour.
I'd definitely go back.
The service was good too.
We were through in the restaurant rather than the bar area so next time I'll try the bar & see how it compares.

This bar/restaurant/hotel is in a great location just off the West end of Princes Street.
I visited a few times when it was The Hudson and it was OK but in desperate need of a refurb and a good clean.
I went to the opening night of the Angels Share a few months ago and was very impressed with what I saw.
It looks lovely inside now and I got to try a few canapés that definitely left me wanting more.
So last week I returned and took my auntie there as she was visiting Edinburgh and I met her on my lunch break.
It was pretty quiet but the staff were very lovely and friendly.
I chose the macaroni cheese with salted beef and it was absolutely delicious.
Served in the wee pot it was cooked in was torture as I had to wait for it to cool down a bit.
The cheese sauce was delicious and very, very rich.
There were little chunks of salted beef throughout the dish and this was cooked to perfection.
I couldn't fault the dish.
Now I just can't wait to go back and try something else!

A delightful place on the edge of New Town.
Easy walking distance to everything in Edinburgh.
Recently renovated and the rooms are ideal.
The bus from the airport drops you off across the street and picks you up at the corner.
Perfect.
The rooms were clean and decorated with British Actor themes.
Bed was ultra comfy.
Bathroom was brand new and very modern.
Internet was crucial and this hotel had it.
Very charming staff that took care of our every need.
I would recommend this place to anyone going to Edinburgh.
It was awesome!

I was slighly dubious about this change from the Hudson Wine Bar as I never really thought their was anything wrong with it as it was!
However i have to give it 10/10 on making the New Angels Share a success!
Serve cannot be faulted and the last time we were there ( during the busy festival) we got a seat relatively easy and serve was faultless.
The set lunch menu was tasty x Cocktail are great, although i do think they could have a few more on the drinks menu to choose from and i love the chandilers!
A fab place for drinks with friends or a yummy lunch.
Great location too, Well Done !

after a night of way too many drinks, including a brief dance at Harry's Bar, my co-workers and i ended up at the Angels Share bar.
it was a snap decision as we were all in heels and wanted to go to the closest bar that served relatively reasonably priced good drinks.
that said though, i'd been keen to try this place for ages so glad that i did finally get a chance to go!
the decor in this bar is very swish.
it's like walking into a proper posh men's club that you'd fine in manhattan.
chandeliers and leather seats, dark lighting, and a massive dark wood bar with loads of spirits on the shelves behind.
there is also a club underneath which we did try to go to, but was incredibly quiet for a friday night.
we were told it was turning into a jazz club at midnight, but considering the lack of people we weren't convinced.
that said though, we decided to grab our last drink here and grabbed one of the massive circular booths to sit down.
i finally got a chance to order a cocktail as these were well priced and had a pink gin fizz.
it came in a massive glass with mint garish and a truly lovely pink colour.
it was lovely  to drink and a nice way to end the night.
i feel a bit bad giving this place three stars as i feel like there is a lot of potential here, but i just didn't see it at the end of my friday night.
i will make a point to go back though as this seems like the place to go and grab a pre-dinner drink when you're dressed up to go somewhere nice.

Are Chandeliers too much?
I don't know, you can make the call on that one, came here after Sunday Lunch at Kyloe and thought it was a place I could drink for a while.
The décor is pretty cool, hunners of photos of famous scots from Fergie to Hoy to Macgregor, it's a homage to the good and the great of Scotland.
Large leather couches, and very high bar stools.
Those of you who know me, know I love a good bar stool, and even better I love a good bar.
This is a nice long bar counter, copper or steel, I can't remember, but it's well polished, ergo very very shiny.
They have an impressive back bar as well, one I would enjoy working my way round.
The service was what made this a memorable experience there was a very hyper young girl who was eager to keep us hydrated, and my Dad enjoyed the fact that she could make the dark rum and coke almost as quickly as he could drink them - we paid for that later on!!
This is  a great spot for some quality drinks with good company.

So found myself having dinner here last night and you know what it was pretty good.
To be fair I didn't have high expectations but yeah for what it is it was really good.
With some friends we shared the sharing platter that came with chicken wings, calamari and chorizo!
All tasty and plentiful.
For main I went for the chicken burger, the chips were a bit sparse but tasty as were the onion rings.
The burger was a full filet with a nice seasoning and mozzarella.
It was good!!
A surprise twist to the evening was the great live band that came on!
Great tunes which lead to a bit of dancing.
All in all a surprisingly good meal at a very fair price.
The Angels Shares has earned the right to be called JD Recommended.

