Great find in the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport.
I had a few minutes to pick up lunch during a layover and my nose led me to Olive & Ivy (Terminal A across from A2).
I got a sausage hash from the breakfast menu (ends at 11am IIRC) for $8.
While it was being prepared, one of the chefs told me that if I could finish the entire thing, it'd be on him, haha.
It was enormous!
Definitely no chance of finishing it.
Tasty, though - LAX could definitely use a few restaurants like this for quick healthy bites en route to destinations.

I'm a fan, but doesn't mean I will be back anytime soon.
I better not.
This place could be dangerous for my health.
Olive and Ivy is located in Phoenix' Sky Harbor Airport.
Most airport restaurants lack quality, taste, portions, and good prices.
The menu here consist of Italian food mainly pizza's and sandwiches.
Here's what makes me a fan, the prices are pretty good and the portions are fairly big.
This place gets busy and because everything is cooked to order, there's usually a line of impatient people catching a flight.
As for the food, I ended up getting their pepperoni and sausage pizza.
This was so good, thick deep dish, and very tasty.
Probably one of the better fast food type pizzas I have had in a very long time.
Pepperoni and Sausage:   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/olive-and-ivy-marketplace-phoenix?select=UQi6AYXvTrxBFRBG0Axt3w#UQi6AYXvTrxBFRBG0Axt3w

Being delayed at the airport sucks... but with some decent dining options at PHX nowaday, it could be much, much worse!
I'm a fan of Olive & Ivy and the Marketplace in Old Town, and while the airport version isn't exactly the same, it's a big step up from what our airport used to offer!
Whether you're on a delay, in between flights, or running to catch a flight, this Olive & Ivy delivers.
Breakfast options include pastries, coffee, smoothies, eggs, oatmeal, and yogurt parfaits.
Lunch and dinner selections are salads, paninis and pizza.
The staff is friendly and almost all of the food is ready or will be ready for  you within minutes.
Thanks FRC for adding this and several other concepts to the airport!

I was super impressed by Olive and Ivy considering it was in the Phoenix airport.
After a terrifying flight from Los Angeles, a diverted landing to Tucson because of a dust storm, and a missed flight because of the diversion, Olive and Ivy made for a great breakfast after spending the night in the airport.
The prices were just right, especially considering the airport location, and the food was fresh and good.
Check it out next time you are trapped in the Phoenix airport.

Olive and Ivy is such a find in the Phx airport.
Great prices ($4.00 for a glass of decent Chard), good food, super friendly staff, cool music and outlets under every seat...made for a pleasant 2 hour wait.

Traveling through PHX is always a terrible experience, as you have to hoof it the 3 miles from one terminal to the other, but at least the food is good, right?
Not so much.
The "traditional breakfast" at Olive & Ivy was one of the worst breakfasts I've ever had, airport or otherwise.
The bacon was so greasy that it was literally coated in a thick layer of slime.
The eggs were even greasy!
Seriously, how do you manage to make scrambled eggs oily & gross?
The potatoes were cooked to the point of being on the verge of burnt.
The one saving grace was an English muffin, which was warmed, though not toasted.
It's not like they can take credit for "making" that, though...
The extra star is for the employees, who were nice.
I wouldn't recommend this place for breakfast to anyone...

A friend told me about this location and we just had to check it out.
In terminal 4 near the A gates, we walked over from the southwest side of the terminal, thankfully all the gates are connected once you get through security.
We caught breakfast before an early flight.
Everything was super fast and efficient, and about as pricey as anything at the airport.
Two breakfasts with coffees for $20.
For airport food I was pleasantly surprised, just don't expect a typical O&I breakfast.
The key to airport restaurants with the high volume and people in a hurry has to be premade and an assembly line.
Despite that, it was worth to to have a non fast food breakfast in an upbeat atmosphere.

Great food.
Great service.
The cute blonde cashier even got me limes from next door for my Modelo.
Beer inside only.
Chop salad was delicious and fresh 2 death even at 9pm on a Tuesday, in an airport.
BEST AIRPORT SALAD EVER and I've had scores of airport salads.

For airport food, their Greek salad is solid.
It has plenty of veggies and they usually have some already prepared.
So you can grab one and go.
My one tip for some of their salads would be to ask for extra dressing on the side since they don't put enough on.

Pizza square was great with the salad - very good quick food for an airport.

Love the chicken walnut salad and they can make a better latte than the peets down the terminal.
Right though,  I treated myself to their super yummy snickerdoodle cookie.
Perfect pick me up before a redeye flight.

As I write this, a helpful associate has just checked on me at my seat and has brought me a glass of water.
The service at this casual restaurant is better than any regular cafe you'd stop at in town.
What makes this place special is their food, the service and the ambience.
Yes, this place is inside a airport, but once you step inside, you forget that you are.
(And thank geezus for any place you can go to that makes you forget you're in an airport!!).
They sell panini's, loaded pizza squares that look so delicious I could almost break my diet to eat them, salads, soups, smoothies, cookies and breakfast items.
Everything is fresh and tastes like it was made with love.
I've gotten their salads plenty of times - never a wilted green in sight.
I had the chicken pine nut salad today and highly recommend it!
And their tomato bisque never fails to comfort me and lift my spirits after a long business trip.
Treat yourself and try the snickerdoodle cookies.
I'm not much of a cookie eater, but I always buy a bag of these to take home.
Soft, chewy and perfectly seasoned, you'll wish you bought another bag!
Try this place out for breakfast, lunch or dinner and you won't be disappointed!

Used to be okay.
Now it's getting a bit greasy joint with half of its  menu always not available.
They need to hire somebody to keep the front area clean.
A bit pricey but at least it's fresh - so s'okay for an airport.
Service is helpful.
Don't forget to be friendly when you order as this place is run by boys and girls from da hood.
Give 3* and will not to upset them... ;)

Purchased a breakfast sandwich while transferring flights at Phoenix Airport.
The menu said egg, avocado, bacon and cheese.
Asked for no bacon.
I got fragments of bacon and no avocado, on a bacon-grease-soaked English muffin.
It was disgusting and inedible, although I actually took a bite before I threw it in the trash, which I regretted.
I spend a lot of time in airports so well aware the food is typically bad, but based on this experience Olive & Ivy Marketplace is near the bottom.

The Sicilian pizza was awesome, and the workers are friendly and helpful.
Best service I've received at any airport

Good food in Terminal 4, right inside the gate.
Seating is normally a problem, it's limited and there isn't a lot of extra seating at the gates so folks linger in the restaurants and use their electronics.
The coffee and pastries are terrific and the breakfast food looks marvelous.

First things first, how cool is that FRC (Fox Restaurant Concepts) has opened up a few spots at the airport?
AZ locals....you know what I'm talking about.
I enjoy lunch at Olive and Ivy in Old Town, so this was a super pleasant surprise!
I went with the ready to go items.
The Mediterranean salad, a banana, a small bag of pirates booty an a shot of espresso all for $15.00!
Now that's an airport deal if I've ever seen one!
The salad wasn't as satisfying as I hoped, the portion size was great, just not as filling.
Ingredients are fresh and it's an AZ establishment!
Terminal 4 is the place to be.

Really good, much better than any other food I've had at an airport.
Had the I &O breakfast sandwich.
YUM!

