Went there for lunch with a coworker on opening day...good food that was way over-priced...  $11 to $14 for a roll.
They offered no lunch specials.
Won't go back for lunch unless they start some good deals.
Might be a fun place on a night before a game.

Had a craving for some sashimi last night, and when I read that Squid Ink is open until midnight during the week, we decided to give it a try right that second!
Upon entering, my husband and I were warmly greeted and we took our seats at the bar.
The bartender, Asia, was helpful in explaining the menu and the drink options to us.
We settled on the tuna sashimi, salmon sashimi, and the spicy tuna roll.
Everything we had was really delicious, and we were pleasantly surprised by the sashimi portions....6 LARGE pieces of the most succulent sashimi I've ever had for about $11.
I felt like it was pretty reasonably priced for what you got.
The spicy tuna roll was like no other spicy tuna I've ever had.
It was actually REALLY spicy, and tasted like it was made in-house and not store-bought like many other places' spicy tuna.
The decor is modern, and we learned that the painting on the walls is done by a local Phoenix artist, which I thought was really cool, because the murals are amazing and I love seeing local talent proudly showcased.
It is conveniently located in the lower level of Cityscape and is unfortunately still a little obscured by some scaffolding all around it, so don't miss it!
I am happy to have another late-night food option in downtown Phoenix, and since they have happy hour and TVs for sports, I can see me and my husband making quite a few return trips here.

Finally, a good sushi place downtown!
Yesterday I emailed a friend who works a block from my office inquiring about meeting after work sometime the sample Squid Ink's happy hour menu.
He promptly responded "Let's do this tonight!
" because it's been months since we've eaten sushi.
So we did.
Aside from being open in a construction zone (apartments are being constructed on top of the hotel that's above this location) this is a gorgeous restaurant.
The staff are friendly and attentive, but don't hover [thankfully].
During happy hour, select sushi rolls and signature cocktails are half priced; there are other specials but that's really what we were going for.
These select items are limited, but enough to feed our sushi fixes.
We had an order of shrimp tempura, spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail (half priced HH specials), an order of salmon nigiri and octopus sashimi.
Each was terrific, the octopus especially.
We also order saki bombers.
Sated and slightly buzzed, we paid our bill (nearly $50, not too bad considering the amount of food) and rode the light rail home, happy.
On a side note, the restrooms are tucked behind the main dining room.
They were pretty.
We both decided we will be back soon.

Really great experience for us!
Excellent menu with some fun ideas and options.
Always nice to try a place with new varieties of rolls and apps.
Great staff, excellent location.
Can't wait to go back.
Try the Shishito Peppers and the Ultimate Philly Roll.
Awesome.

Great!
Went there for takeout and they lost my order.
5 min later it was perfectly prepared with a 30 percent discount for the short wait.
Great edamame and the Dirty Rockstar Roll was delicious.
Nice atmosphere on the misted patio for my daughter and I with our Golden Retriever.
So glad to have them downtown!

Brand new.
Opened up 5 days ago.
Just beginning to work out the bugs.
Waited a little long to be served but once we got going the service was spot on.
Shrimp and yellow curry was awesome.
Desert was green tea ice cream.
Not impressed.
We will be back to try other items on the menu.

The BF and I went to the grand opening last night and I was pretty impressed.
This restaurant/bar has a nice modern vibe and an extensive menu of hot items and sushi.
We sat on the patio where the misters were out of control (read: it felt like it was a rainy day and we were just barely under an awning....not that this was a bad thing).
We ended up sharing a few items including: Cucumber rolls (pretty standard), buffalo chicken roll (this was ridiculously good...the buffalo sauce was spicy and delicious, the chicken was crunchy, it was a definite winner), and the kobe burger with Tokyo fries (the burger was good, it had caramelized onions and spicy aioli on it and came on some kind of flatbread....definitely tasty...they cooked it a little over what we ordered it at, but it was still tasty.
Additionally, they forgot to give us the fries, but when I told our waiter he got them for us, so no problem there.
The fries were good, nice and crispy and they had been fried in fish oil so they had a slight fish taste to them....but in a good way).
We also had a few drinks, that were all tasty.
I had the deep water, which tasted like a jolly rancher, but not in that weird synthetic way some drinks like that may taste, but in a fresh way.
It was very good.
I also tried the revolver which had a delicious ginger flavor.
The BF had whiskey sours which were on special for only 3$ (awesome!
) and they were also tasty.
Overall, there were a few snags, but it was good.
I will definitely try them again.

So glad that Squid Ink opened a location downtown, The food was amazing, I had the Kobe Beef burger and it was delicious and perfectly cooked.
Great atmosphere with really cool art.
Looking forward to eating there again!

Wow, impressive Cityscape!!
What a nice sushi joint in downtown!
The layout is very nice, super urban.
We started with a seared beef appetizer with a mustard sauce that was pretty good.
We also split a crazy Philly roll that was out of this world, and another roll with black cod and strawberry.
I thought the fish was very fresh, well prepared and very well priced.
they even had kids sushi rolls on the menu for the little ones, awesome!
Now the service was clunky, but it's new so I'll give them a bit of a break.
The server didn't really have much of a handle on when the food was coming out, was confused about some of the drink ordering (we ordered a large beer and a hot sake and got a small beer and a half filled little sake container..with no sake glasses).
We also  ordered the beignets, which I found heavy but they were okay.
All in all, i'll for sure be back.
Solid 3.5 stars

This place has great happy hour and on a SATURDAY!
Apps and certain rolls were half off too.
Very nice place, can't wait to try it again for dinner.

This is in a great location in the heart of downtown.
The decor is very nice and the staff is friendly and attentive.
The drink menu was nice and varied with attention to not only specialty cocktails but also having a decent selection of more pedestrian fare.
However, this is a sushi bar and it all relies on the fish and rice.
And here is where it swings downhill quickly.
The fish used for nigiri was dry.
Even when it came out you could see that it was lacking a sheen of freshness.
The rice used complimented the dry fish.
It was typically a lump of poorly formed rice that seemed to have all the life sucked out of it.
I cannot recommend this place for sushi.
Rolls were good and we did not try any of the non-fish fare.

Just what downtown Phoenix needs!!
Late night spot serving up FRESH sushi and adult beverages!
Our server Asia was above and beyond friendly, and we had a chance to meet the owner and the GM.
My only advice is to offer a reverse happy hour to draw in a crowd!
We'll be back for sure!

So like, ask for Asia at the bar.
;)  I'm not a Phoenix resident.
So when I go out in other cities, I rely on the friends that take me to these places.
We had a birthday dinner to attend here on a Friday night.
From what I am told this place is pretty new.
We arrived at 8pm and sat at the bar waiting on the others.
The bartender (Asia form here on out) took my drink order and suggested other liquid treasures.
They have a well Vodka that is really good.
I was surprised.
Asia was amazing, great energy, knowledgeable and just a good character in general.
Definitely sit and kick back a few with her.
When all the guests arrived we were promptly sat.
I ordered the butter fish with strawberry miso sauce.
WOW.
Literally melted in my mouth.
Cooked PERFECT.
It sat on top of some asparagus spears that were equally as tasty.
I didn't have any sushi that night, but from what I saw and was told there was not one disappointment.
My only con of the place was the layout.
This has NOTHING to do with the staff, but everything to do with the interior decorator.
The seating setup toward the wall is awkward, causing the servers to have to shimmy on by or tiptoe behind you.
The place still seems to be finding the right grooves within one another and are doing it well thus far.
I would definitely recommend this place as a local or out of towner such as myself.
Try it...love it...Yelp it...

I love the sushi here, and their dishes are always clean!

The sushi here was great.
But, we weren't real crazy about the service.
It took a week to get our 1st drink.
Cool vibe, though.
We'll probably give 'em a chance to work out some kinks in service.
But, I'm sure we'll be back.

Finally, a great Sushi place downtown.
Along with the cool trendy atmosphere, Squid Ink provides superb sushi with impeccable service.
My favorite item on their menu is definitely the Kobe Burger.
Wait, what?
A Sushi place known for having a great burger?
That's right.
Perfectly cooked and placed between Cibatta bread, this burger does wonders for your palate.
Very friendly environment and the management is always willing to interact with their guests.
Try this place ASAP!

Great service.
Really excited to have it in the neighborhood.

This was the second time we've been here and frankly we were disappointed.
The miso soup was tasteless, just warm water with a few bland mushrooms floating on the top and a couple small pieces of tofu.
The Manhattan I ordered was mostly sweet vermouth, undrinkable.
After the miso we had ordered the crab rangoon.
Normally I love these things but they were just mediocre here with cream cheese with a few random pieces of left over crab (or maybe it was krab) stuffed into a chewy doughy pouch.
Next we had the Surf n Turf Roll with was basically a roll that cost a lot, sounds good, with expensive ingredients that is drowned in mayo they call aioli.
For the main course we had order the Beef Yakisoba, and the Tuna Tataki.
The yakisoba, which was the good the first time we went, was a ball of overcooked noodles, matted into a doughy mass.
It was uneatable.
The Tuna we ordered came out 10 minutes after my meal, and turned out to be salmon.
Since the waiter never came back my date just decided to eat it.
It was overcooked too,l with a generic sauce that masked any taste the salmon might have had.
This place might be good to grab a quick lunch to take back to your cubicle but this is not a place for a business lunch or a sit down dinner.
I guess the fact they have a fast food take out window should have been a good indicator of quality.
This is a place for office worker to get a generic alternative to a sandwich, but not a place I would go back to.

I have worked in the restaurant industry for years now and normally don't post about restaurants.
I can be very understanding but this place is such a disappointment  I had to say something.
First of all I don't know how you can mess up fried tofu (seriously!
) they chopped up four large pieces of tofu, flash fried them without any seasoning and charged $9 for them.
When we tried them they were greasy on the outside and very raw inside.
Next we got the wings that looked great in the picture but tasted terrible.
They were rubbery, soggy and super fatty.
My boyfriend and I could not even finish a few because they made our stomach sick.
Again $9.
The rest of the dishes and the sushi were so mediocre and blah I just cant believe we wasted our money.
I have lived downtown for 6 years and if this place doesn't change something very soon it will not last a summer in this town.
We called to complain about this terrible meal but haven't heard back from anyone, I hope we do but I doubt it.

Great food and great service.

Tried it after they had been open for a week...and it was delicious!
I can only imagine they will get better and better :)

Love the indoor/outdoor patio bar, gorgeous fresh interior creates a good vibe - bright and full of natural light for lunch and swanky in the evening.
Friendly, prompt staff always willing to take care of you.
Get whatever the daily special is or try the Pepper crusted Filet Mignon on a bed of broccolini in a house made hot mustard sauce, the Miso Cod, or the favorite Kobe Burger.
Happy hour 3p-6p Mon-Sat, 4p-6p Sun, reservations accepted Sun-Thu.
Best bar to hang out at in Cityscape!

When going in to squid ink, ask for Lisa at the bar!!
Absolutely fantastic.
Best bartender I've had anywhere downtown-it's no wonder Asia is no longer there.
:)  The food was fantastic with a wide variety.
I will definitely come back again, and again.

Ate here for lunch today.
I had the sushi lunch sampler.
Now I am throwing up and my stomach is churning.
I would not recommend this place at all.

I enjoyed everything about Squid Ink.
The decor was unique, the staff was very kind and the menu full of choices.
I ordered the daily special, Fire Breathing Dragon, and one of the sushi dinners.
It came with a sample of many of their sushi all of which I enjoyed.
I have no doubt I will become a regular, once I can find more friends who enjoy sushi...

The tuna is fresh but the service could have been alot better i think ill give them another try seeing that the slow service was on a DBACKS game night.

My boyfriend and I had dinner here tonight and average is all I can say.
Our waitress was really sweet and attentive (of course I didn't catch her name) but otherwise we weren't impressed.
The dirty martini I ordered was basically all vodka.
When I asked for more olive juice it came back too dirty (Its always hard to get a perfect dirty, I don't know why) Sushi was average.
Our bill was $70.
Seemed way too expensive for the experience and quality, in my opinion.
I don't think we will be returning.

While squid ink is hidden among the scaffolding and progress in downtown phoenix,  we found the service and food to be very good.
The menu offered a limited number of specialty rolls, however all o the ones we tried were flavorful and unique.
We were in the mood for sushi and didn't try any of the other items on the menu, but there were several other options.
The feature appetizer was stuffed jalapeños with crab and cheese- good and not too hot.
Over all, a good sushi experience.

I have now experienced Squid Ink 3 different times.
My first visit was right when they opened, loved it, not the seating or the chairs, but the sushi was amazing.
I raved about it.
The second time, the sushi got sloppy and and service was slow.
The chairs were still uncomfortable and the seating was weird.
The third time, was also my last.
The sushi was mostly rice and fake crab, and that was all of the rolls we ordered.
The portions also got a lot smaller.
After paying upwards of $100 for 3 people, we all left disappointed and still very hungry.
*On a side note, the "how was your service" card that came with the bill already had the service rated as a 5. not sure if it was the last customer or the sever trying to be sneaky, but they should check those.
I really did want to fill that out fully this time.

I got the Beef Yakisoba and a side of Tokyo Frites to go the other day for lunch.
I wasn't crazy about it.
I'm still developing a more sophisticated palate for Asian food but the overall flavor in this dish didn't wow me.
And it should have: soba noodles with filet, brocollini, mushrooms and carrots.
A lot of my favorite stuff and a pretty balanced meal, but just not that tasty.
The filet itself was VERY nicely prepared and tasty but the overall blandness of everything else overpowered what was should have been the star of this show.
I'm sure there's something else on the menu that properly complements it so I'm definitely coming back to try more stuff.
4 stars for the awesome set up they have.
Their sushi bar is to the left as you enter, to the right is the bar and seating area.
Despite my lack of enthusiasm for my first meal, I have MUCH enthusiasm for the bar and for the bartender who was really nice.
I can't wait 'til the weather cools down and they open up the bar on the street (and they take down that damn scaffolding)  They play good music in here and the atmosphere is good.
I'm sure they have some small plates that will go with the alcohol that I am looking forward to consuming at Happy Hour.
This is a neat place at Cityscape definitely worth checking out....if for nothing else, the bar!

Great new addition to downtown Phoenix!
We have stopped in a few times already and have been very impressed with everything we tried.
They offer an extensive and reasonably priced happy hour, so highly recommend checking it out.
The edamame and potstickers are quite good and the rice bowls are tasty too.

So I'm from California and I LOVE SUSHI!!!!
So when I found a sushi spot that was open this late I had to try it out.
I work late so this is a perfect night spot for me.
The service was on point.
I sat at the bar and each bartender was very helpful.
The service was quick...
However that late at night it would of been strange if it wasn't when there weren't a lot of people there.
They have a decent draft selection.
The sushi rolls were good.
Nothing really crazy, but they tasted on point and your servers decent amount.
The best roll I tried was the dragon roll and the calamari!
I have yet to try the place out on a Saturday night but for my needs its a cool choice!
GOOOO SUSHI!!!

We stopped here for dinner before a show at Stand Up Live, as none of us had been there before.
We shared a couple of appetizers to start, edamame, roasted garlic edamame, green bean tempura, and potstickers.
I tried the potstickers and green bean tempura which were very good, I'd highly recommend the green bean tempura.
I'm very boring when it comes to sushi, so I just had the california roll and spicy tuna rolls which were good.
To finish off, we shared the green tea ice cream and hawaiian bread pudding.
The bread pudding is out of this world good, the green tea ice cream was pretty basic.
The prices were good and the service was also good, I'd return.

Service terrible.
Sushi par at best.
Better sushi places out there.
My salmon sashimi had bones in it.

Flare, taste, and service all rolled into one  Tagged Squid Ink with a friend before a baseball game.
Very convenient location, event though the name threw me at first.
Sushi is very good for Arizona.
Plating style and service are both top-notch.
Staff was very attentive, took care of us quickly, and the bartender was fun to chat with.
Even got a discount on a Yelp check-in!
Very much enjoyed the Agedashi Tofu, Gyoza, Kale Salad, and Buffalo Roll.

Ridiculously good sushi!!
Best I've had!!
Nothing bad in this entire place!!
Try the Green Tea drink!!
Chef Nick and Lisa are the best!

This place is bomb!!!
Chef nick makes the best roll!!!!
Definitely will come back!!!

Love it here!!!
Sexy staff!
Sexy sushi!!!
Lisa is a phenomenal bartender!!!
Nick is the best sushi chef!

I visited squid ink this past Saturday for my friends birthday and lets just say my socks were rocked.
A friend and I shared the sashimi platter and the cougar roll both outstanding!
The sashimi platter came with salmon, yellowtail (my fave), ahi, octopus, and because the server told me there was albacore even tho there isn't albacore.
The fish was some of the freshest I have had in phoenix.
The cougar roll consisted of spicy crab mix avocado and some other stuff with a cucumber wrap.
Light and delicious.
I also had the pleasure of meeting the owner, Schuyler, very nice and pretty darn cute too ;)  I will definitely be back.
Squid ink is my new go to for sushi!

It's ok.
It wasn't good-- wasn't bad.
I did see a lot of flies tho.
That kinda grossed me out.
But nothing special AT ALL.
I was expecting more out of this place because of the location.
Blue Hound, Breakfast Club are great restaurants.
Also Gold's Gym in that area is so nice.
Then there's this sushi place and you think like... wow thats it?
I went here when it was super empty and they still took forever with my meal.
I would NEVER go back here.
I recommend "How do you roll?
" thats in the same area which is a custom sushi shop.

Wasn't overly thrilled by the sushi.
I wouldn't go back for it.
Also the restaurant was really hot and I'm normally cold!

Very good sushi.
I had tai (lightly sauced by the chef), and maguro nigiri.
The negihama roll was also very good.
I wanted saba but was told the chef didn't like today's fish so instead I had sea scallops (which should ne hotate but turned they out to be bay scallops).
The egg in the tonkatsu ramen was probably the best part of the dish.
The broth was almost inky; very unusual.
Even though it was dark it didn't have the typical rich, deep flavor.
The pork, of which there was a generous amount, was either grilled or pan fried.
Different but good.

Don't come super hungry or expecting authentic sushi.
I will however still support it as it is in CityScape and we need another sushi place (the other ones are Moira, which is meh and Pallet which can be hit or miss).
The rolls are inventive but only okay.
A better bet for lunch is a curry or a noodle dish.
The good news is that their HH pricing is more than generous.
The restaurant is super pretty and I'm happy to say that service is friendly.
But for authentic, I'd try Teeter House or Hana first.
In a pinch and downtown, come to Squid Ink because we want to see a vibrant downtown and you need a couple of sushi houses for that.

It's the best Sushi in downtown Phoenix!

After our bad experience the management staff was really great and on point.
They contacted us immediately and had us come back in for a way better experience.
Great recovery guys!

My husband and I went to rooftop yoga at the Palomar, and wanted to grab dinner nearby afterwards.
We were looking to eat something lighter, so we stopped into Squid Ink.
The decor was very nice, clean, & modern and our server was great.
We opted to sit at the sushi bar and ordered a yellowtail roll, tuna roll, garlic edamame, and beef & broccoli.
The sushi rolls were good, but a little pricey at $7 per roll.
The garlic edamame was very flavorful.
However, the beef & broccoli was pretty disappointing.
While the beef & broccoli were cooked perfectly, it was pretty much ruined by the sauce.
The sauce was way too sweet, and the dish was drowning in it.
Cooked dishes don't seem to be their forte, and the sushi is little bit pricier and no better than a few other sushi places in Phoenix.
So I will most likely only return for happy hour, as their regular priced options are not a very good value.

Positives:  muddled cocktail is sublime.
Service was friendly and attentive.
A variety of menu items at different price points.
A great environment & stylish moderndecor.
Negatives:  the food.
It's nothing special.
Lots of highly stylized menu choices, where the title outdoes the reality.

Great food, great staff but due to the construction it's hard to get to and fly's buzzing around inside.
The clear plastic chairs have to go, not a good look with an upscale sushi bar.
I will check back in 3 months to see any changes.

For Arizona it does not get better than this sushi place.
Staff is great and so is the fish.
Awesome atmosphere and great job

I work downtown and went here for lunch last week.
Great vibe and the sushi was amazing!
Chef Nick sure does know how to roll!

Good stuff.
Great lunch specials and fresh sushi.
We enjoyed our long, leisurely lunch while our puppy enjoyed a cold bowl of water on the patio.
Bartender was friendly and atmosphere was nice.
Salmon sashimi was delicious so we ordered 3 orders.
Check in offer gave me half off a glass of Sauvignon Blanc which was so good I had a to have a few.
Highly recommend for a great meal in downtown.

Squid Ink was surprisingly good.
3 of us went on a Saturday night for a later dinner.
We had sushi in mind and stuck to that, although the rest of the menu looked promising.
Our server told about a seared duck breast special that was kind of a head scratcher.
Nonetheless, it was a hip setting, staff was very friendly, the fish was fresh, and we were in every way satisfied.
The Tahoe roll flavor wise is superb.
The sushi chef was not a technical wizard but I wasn't expecting Jiro or anything.
The scaffolding/construction zone situation seemed to really hurt the outside seating area's potential.
We sat inside as a result.
I hope that gets resolved soon, this is an awesome time of year to enjoy the AZ weather.
Keep up the good work.

good drinks, i wish i could remember the bartender's name she was very sweet & hooked us up w/ the check in special.
pretty good sushi.....

I enjoyed this location a little more than the Peoria one.
The sushi is pretty tasty.
Service was ok.
Temperature in the restaurant was way too hot for Arizona!
I'd give it another shot though!

The Sushi last night was excellent.
I got the roll with soft shell crab and eel sauce (can't look up the name because they have no online menu) Sushi was fresh, rice was perfect, the roll was nice and stuffed they don't give you those tiny rolls some other places do.
The service was quick and attentive, the location is SUPER convenient and the ambiance is very pleasing.
MY COMPLAINT .
The website has no Menu, nor does it acknowledge that this location exists.
Fix that Immediately.
It's 2013 "menu coming soon" does not cut it and I almost deducted a star because if this

Went to this place on a very busy pre Jimmy Buffet party there at Phx Cityscape.
We sat at the bar and had a few drinks and food and watched the Parrotheads parading about.
Great location.
They have Happy Hour Pricing on multiple drinks and food items.
We tried the spicy yellowtail roll and were pleasantly surprised how good it was.
The next item was a pan seared butterfish that was amazing.
It was moist and delicious and served on a bed of roasted asparagus with a light sauce.
We were impressed with how they handled a large raucuous crowd with aplomb and kept it festive.
We will definitely return.
Love the late night hours too!

Second time here this week.
Again, sushi was amazingly fresh, discovered a gem on the menu, curry shrimp and rice plate, very nice portion and it is so delicious and was about $13.
This place really surprises me with the prices, for the freshness of the seafood and the portion that they give you I would expect to pay 20% more.
Today I came with a party of 10 and EVERYONE was satisfied with their experience.

Really enjoyed our first experience here.
The waiter was super friendly and helpful.
He made sure to let us know that Happy hour was about to end and if we knew what we wanted he could put it in so we could get happy hour pricing.
We got the Buffalo Chicken Roll and the Surf and Turf Roll.
I wanted to try the Buffalo Chicken roll just because it sounded different- It was good.
But the Surf and Turf Roll-OMG it was delicious.
All the specialty rolls sounded so good i'm excited to go back and try some more.

We finally tried Squid Ink after wanting to get there for the past few weeks.
I just wish we didn't try it on the night of the Tosh.0 concert...
When we got there it was pretty crowded and the hostess told us it would be about 30 minutes.
We told her we'd be at the bar to get a drink while we waited.
After about 5 minutes, one of the bartenders finally acknowledged us and we ordered 2 Hendricks and tonics.
After about another 5 minutes, I asked a different bartender about our drinks and she says, "oh the Hendricks and tonics, yes coming right up.
"  We got them in pint glasses which I thought was odd because we didn't request tall drinks.
Then she hands us our tab without asking if we'd like to keep it open.
I would give this experience a D and only not an F because we did eventually get a drink.
About this time everyone starts leaving for Tosh, so the restaurant and a few open tables.
We waited a few minutes and then went to ask the hostess if our table was ready.
She said she called our name already, but we weren't there so she moved to the next.
Well the waiting area is quite small and we told her we'd be at the bar, so I didn't really understand that.
We got seated and ordered.
The server seemed to not really to know the menu, but the food was really great.
Had another miscommunication with a different server about our drink order, but that was okay.
I really want Squid Ink's service to redeem itself because the food is quite good!
I will try again in a few months, but for now will stick with Moira for downtown sushi.

Went in on a Sunday for the first time.
They are opened till midnight, which is great.
The sushi, nothing special.
I give it 3 starts b/c their edamame is not organic (per waitress), nor is their soy sauce.
I don't know about you guys but I have zero interest feeding myself genetically modified soybeans.
Wish they would make the change to organic/non-GMO verified soy, but then again why would they?
Majority of the people don't care or have knowledge of what GMOs are ~ so, I guess for the minority of the public it wouldn't be worth to change that *SIGH* one day we will all care -_-

Great place for sushi and drinks!
I went here for my birthday before the Daniel Tosh show.
We had a big party of 10 people and they sat us at the coolest table.
To start it was a circular table that had a huge rotating lazy susan in the middle, so we could share our food.
That was such a genius idea!
That had a ton of cocktails for women and men.
My favorite was the Tokoyo something, it was a perfect mix of citrus and sweet!
The service and food were great and timely.
I will definitely go back here for sushi next time I go down town.

Squid Ink was surprisingly good.
4 of us went on a Saturday night for a later dinner.
We had sushi in mind and stuck to that, although the rest of the menu looked promising.
Our server told about a seared duck breast special that was kind of a head scratcher.
Nonetheless, it was a hip setting, staff was very friendly, the fish was fresh, and we were in every way satisfied.
The Tahoe roll flavor wise is superb as well as the Buffalo Chicken and Surf and Turf Roll!
We got to sit outside and enjoy the gorgeous weather outside.
Very friendly staff and looking forward to coming here again!

Great place for Happy Hour!
Everything Iv eaten there has been great, no complaints.

I would eat the sashimi salad every single day, if that didn't cost me close to $500 a month.
It is a spring mix, seasonal vegetables, chef's selection of assorted fish, and a japanese vinaigrette.
The selection and amount of fish never disappoints!
I'll sometimes switch up the vinaigrettes too.
I have a hard time ordering anything else, but I did it, and I was happy with everything!
The house rolls- very creative, fresh and good, just a little pricey especially if you want to try a few.
I would stick with an assorted sushi or sashimi platter.
Cucumber-lemon water...pretty basic concept, but amazing.
Get a to-go cup.
Beer selection is decent- the cocktail menu is better!
Service at the bar has always been friendly and quick.
I haven't seen a pooch there, but Yelp says it allows pets.
Even better!

OMG!
This is my new favorite Sushi spot in phoenix, I've been a huge fan of Ra Sushi for quite sometime but I can now say Squid Ink is on top!
I walked in & decided to sit at the bar where you have a nice view of the city of phoenix ( taxis rolling by along with traffic noise) took me away to NYC!!
Just for sec lol atmosphere is perfect for those long days you want to be taken away, maybe the drink "Tune in Tokyo" brought everything together just perfectly!!!
Dish: Coconut Curry Shrimp!!
Amazing!!!
ITS SO GOOD- I will probably have a hard time not ordering it when I go there!!!
Service was great!
Definitely will be back many times to come!
Enjoy!!

Excellent, quality sushi.
I am a big fan, but sometimes you come across a place that makes you a little unsure.
Fear not sushi lovers!
Squid Ink will not steer you wrong.
In fact, they will most likely be able to help you decide on a delicious roll and make you laugh at the same time.
The vibe of this restaurant is awesome, too.
It's new and modern with a sweet mural of a woman with octopus hair that I could not take my eyes off of.
Loved it!
Honestly, everything was wonderful and I can't wait to go back!
Who's down for a sushi night?
I know what I'm ordering!

Came here before a show and it was worth it as usual.
Great sushi and delicious desserts.
The bread pudding and tempura rolls are highly recommended.

I came here before a show at Stand Up Live.
It's a nice laid back place with a great staff.
We started with chicken wings and green bean tempura for appetizers.
Shortly after our food came.
We ordered Spicy Tuna, California and Hory Fook Rolls all of which were on the Happy Hour menu.
We ended our meal with the Hawaiian Bread Pudding.
It was simply amazing.
If you come and don't get the bread pudding you've wasted your trip.
I would've given Squid Ink five stars but my only complaint is e seating in the restaurant.
Everything is so close together and you can hear your neighbors conversation as they can hear yours.
All in all it was a great experience and I would return!

Came here for date night.
I love the art on wall, lighting of the place and the concept of it.
Our waiter Joshua was awesome.
Fot our drinks and food on time, very quick.
:)  Boyfriend first time here, he got the chicken teriyaki, he wasn't sure about the sauce to it,  but he thought the chicken was excellent.
He also got the dragon roll which he enjoyed, not so much on the California roll.
He said ot was bland and dry.
I had the vegetarian udon, I liked it... but the sauce was too sweet and there was too much of it on my plate.
My non vegetarian las vegas roll was really good.
The last fifteen minutes of our dinner date, the music got really loud and it was hard to have a conversation.
Lolz.

Hello Downtown Sushi favorite!!!
Meeting with a friend from out of town that was staying in downtown.
I have seen this location but not been here before.
It is located in the Cityscape area.
Behind Tilted Kilt.
Next to Ice Arena for anyone trying to figure out where it is at.
I was extremely impressed with service and food.
Had too many rolls to remember.
The sashimi platter had several different cuts of great fish.
Pricing was very comparable to what I have experienced at many other locations.
The bottled beer choices were a little disappointing.
I enjoy the Japanese Beers and they had limited.
Would love to see them expand this part of menu.
Got so involved, so quickly, we forgot to take photos.
This will be a regular for downtown.
Looking forward to my next trip downtown to return.
Would also be a great place to sit outside before baseball game and watch light rail go by..

This sushi place is a total ripoff.
What they call a poke salad is a total joke consisting of 3 pieces of tuna.
I'm an experienced sushi consumer.
It angers me this place is charging so much for so little product.
Please avoid them!!

Squid Ink Sushi is one of those places that makes you feel like you're an upper class patron which is surprising considering the relatively low prices.
I went there on a busy Friday night and got my staple of Miso Soup, Flying Fish Roe, and Salmon.
The presentation was wonderful, everything had a very clean atmosphere.
The food was delicious but not the best I've ever had.
The Miso Soup looked tastier than it actually was, but it was still a 4/5.
While I found that the service was very quick, it was a bit too much.
I had several different people at least 2 different waiters coming over to me asking how my food was.
It was delicious but there's a fine art to service and asking if I need anything between gulps isn't going to win over the casual diner.
The price was actually cheaper than one would expect from a Sushi place downtown.
Perhaps the presentation let me to believe it would be more expensive than it actually was.
While that's a good thing for the consumer, it might turn away prospective customers.
I'm still looking for great sushi restaurants in the Phoenix area, but for the price and location there's very little that Squid Ink Sushi does incorrectly.

I would definitely return to this place the food is sushi the drinks the atmosphere they have it all the bit difficult with parking but if he out moseying browsing around it's a great place to popping clean restaurant friendly staff you may want to pop in and check this place out right across the courtyard is an ice skating rank for the holidays with real ice big gigantic Christmas tree very festive Great for the friends and family for the holiday season.

I have been looking forward to checking this place out since it opened in Phoenix.
The atmosphere was exactly what I expected, chic yet laid back.
It's right next to where they have the ice rink set up for ice skating and the massive Christmas tree so it was a great view from the bar.
The server was friendly and fast.
I had the Deep Water cocktail...I didn't realize it was spicy so I wasn't really expecting that, but it was pretty good.
Also got an order of the dumplings which were exactly what you'd expect, nothing over the top.
Sushi we had a house roll and something basic, both were good and again...supah fast!
Location is great as I mentioned, but the parking was meh.
Had to park and walk a bit which can really suck in 4in heels.
If I'm in the area I will absolutely stop in again because it was an overall good experience, just didn't knock the ball outta the park?
Know wadda mean?

Checked out this place with some friends this weekend.
My first thought when walking in was wow this place is fancy.
I wasn't disappointed.
The service was amazing.
Even though we planned on staying for a while to conduct some business the wait staff was very attentive.
Unlike many places in which the servers seem to disappear after bringing you your order, my water glass was never empty and they continued through the afternoon to ask if we needed anything else right up until the end.
I am not a sushi fanatic but I am learning to enjoy it more and more with each trip.
That being said the sushi was so delicious.
I tried a spicy yellowtail roll which actually wasn't spicy at all and a squid nagiri.
The roll was great and so were the others I sampled.
I wasn't as impressed with the squid nagiri as it was a bit too chewy.
Even though it's not sushi I would love to go back and try their Kobe burger.

Yummy sushi and the location is super cute.
Go when the weather is nice and they open the place up.
Loved it.

My friends and I were staying at a downtown hotel for NYE and planned to grab some food and beers at the hotel before hitting up our final destination.
Lucky for us, the hotel wasnt offering their usual happy hour deal so we were in a scramble to find a new spot with good food and drinks - Squid Ink to the rescue!
Not only did they have a happy hour on NYE, but they have amazing food and great local craft beer on tap.
Couldnt have been happier when we go there - great place with amazing staff.
We sat at the bar and the bartenders were so attentive and friendly, even offering to ring up our final beers before happy hour ended and bringing them to us when we were ready.
Loved the food - the crab rangoon had huge chunks of crab in it, the wings were great, and the miso black cod dish?
Probably the best thing I've eaten in months.
Ridiculous - and for half price happy hour!
Absolutely loved this place, cant wait to go back and meet up for happy hour again with my friends soon.

Did someone say sushi?!
Oh wait, that's my daily craving!
It was New Year Day and guess what I wanted to have for dinner to ring in the Mew Year?
you guessed it, sushi!
Originally, I was going to go to another sushi joint which I will not name here cause I don't want to start a sushi rivalry but the other joint was closed on New Year Day.
As it turns out, it was a blessing in disguise since Squid Ink is located right next to the ice skating rink so we were able to have dinner then walk right over to go skating- so convenient!
We had quite a feast.
Chicken teriyaki bowl for my son, chicken teriyaki noodle for his friend, edamame, shisito peppers, 3 California rolls, 1 spicy Salmon roll, miso cod.
Oh, did you think the rolls were for me?
Of course not!
My growing boy ate his chicken teriyaki bowl then proceeded to eat the California rolls and the spicy salmon roll.
After some gentle reminders, I did get a few pieces from each of the different rolls.
It's a good thing when my son heartily eats (since for a young'n, he has a pretty good palate) and we are fighting,hmm I mean sharing happily our sushi!
Michele M. who also joined us for dinner ordered gyoza, fried tofu, California roll, fried shrimp tempura roll also enjoyed her selections.
My fav out of them all was the miso cod.
4 thin slices, perfectly cooked so the cod was still tender and moist.
Hmmm, just thinking about it makes me what to have it again.
Service is amicable.
Staff friendly.
Glad to have come here- and will come again!

Squid Ink is where IT is at.
Ramen-wise they are the superlative.
I've had other dishes and they've also been downright tasty.
But I crave the ramen...
I NEED the ramen.
The broth is complex.
Add some sriracha and it gets more complex.
Open the soft boiled egg to let the yolk mix and you're seriously golden.
The levels in this dish are indeterminable, at least to my palate, and they are oh so varied.
Let's talk about the location now.
NE corner of Central and Jefferson.
Critics will say what they will about the Cityscape development, but this spot they nailed.
Most of the restaurant looks out onto the street so you've got the train passing by regularly.
Kiddy-corner you'll find the Luhrs Buidling - one of the best structures to look at in the downtown core.
Long story short, Squid Ink has one of THE most prime locations.
The murals inside... shut your hole if you dislike them in any way.
They create exactly what I want in an establishment: character.
The interior is spot-on, from the booths/tables to the liquor bar and the sushi bar.
Yes, parking can be tricky.
Cityscape has a garage with multiple entry points but I can't confirm if Squid Ink validates.
But it has multiple levels of parking either way.
For anyone that doesn't live downtown, perhaps it's time to reconsider your geography.
Summary - YES!

Squid Ink completely surpassed my expectations.
The atmosphere  was incredible.
The Food was fresh and delicious.
A must go when  going downtown and looking for great food in the best location!
One of the most epic places downtown!

I really wanted to love this place.
Location is nice.
I stopped in last week in late afternoon.
I love spicy tuna (usually) so I ordered the Hory Fook Roll to start off with.
It was lumpy, loose and completely flavorless.
The tempura jalapeños were soggy and really just icky.
I ate two of them and the waiter said, "oh eyes bigger than your stomach, huh !?
" I said no I didn't like it and he just landed the check in front of me and walked away.
Poor execution and poor service.
I will probably try again but they're going to really have to raise the bar.

Squid Ink is delicious every time.
My favorite item here is easily the tootsie roll.
It has just the right amount of crunch with the tempura flakes.
The shrimp tempura has an awesome and sweet sauce.
The miso soup is very aromatic.
We also had a Flying Phoenix roll and that was great.
My only complaint is the size of the rolls.
The specialty roll was pretty big, but the others seemed very small.
I never leave feeling full.

Good sushi place for Downtown.
Service was great.
Nothing really stood out besiedes the loud music.

Great happy hour in a great location!
Perfect for drinks before a game with friends.

So...
This is gonna be kinda a weird one, guys.
Because I went to a sushi bar, and had zero sushi.
I hear it's good though.
Instead, I had the best damned old fashioned I've had in a long time.
Gin is for the summer.
It's fresh and crisp, and should be enjoyed on a patio.
Whiskey, on the other hand, is for the cold.
It is in hand when you are wrapped up in scarves and coats, battling the cruel Arizona winter, just trying to survive.
I am careful about where I order an old fashioned.
They require more than throwing some maraschino cherry that is an unnatural hue of red in a glass with a slice of orange and some booze.
No no no.
They need a gentle touch.
For this reason I never would have ordered one at a sushi bar.
But the bartender insisted I would not be let down, and I wasn't  Oh the joy of an old fashioned done right.
The faint hint of orange peel, the slight sweet of a cherry, the bitters marrying with the whiskey in a blissful union.
Yes.
Yes the bartenders at Squid Ink can make one helluva Old Fashioned.
And you know what?
The curry shrimp dish isn't half bad either.
The ambiance was nice, and the staff was on point.

Solid restaurant.
Seating both inside and outside is great.
If you sit outside, they do have heaters available.
The servers are so nice.
Happy hour is daily from 3-7 pm.
The best items on happy hour are the starters and alcohol.
Definitely try the garlic soybeans - if you like garlic (baked garlic cloves), tempura soybeans, and tofu (all are starters).
They also validate garage parking.

Second time at this location and can't wait for my next visit.
They not only have great food but also a great happy hour.
Every day of the week 3-7p half off appetizer and several sushi items.

Location is hidden and terrible.
The las vegas roll was flavorless.
Normally I get spicy tuna and im glad I didn't even try it.
The potstickers weren't even that great.
Yikes.
I thought it would be a nice sushi place.
But after a basketball game, you think it would have been packed.
There were only two customers in the entire place.
Ending up taking our food to go.
I had literally about two bites and then ended up giving our left overs to a homeless guy.

Great everything, from sushi to wings to drinks.
Outside bar is cool.
Great happy hour prices!
Right across from Dbacks & Suns venues.

This place was amazing!
Great Service with a smile, it was clean, and had Excellent Sushi.
As good as the Sushi was, the dessert was to die for.
We had the Hawaiian Bread Pudding.. OHMYBABYJEEZY!
So damn good!
The Miso soup was pretty good also.

Nice day out today so we decided to sit on the outside at the sushi bar , the community roundtable looked cool to sit at but our party wasnt big enough  Even though this has nothing to do w my review the bathroom stalls are pretty freakin cool I totally take a chick in there w me and get busy  lol  I ordered Firebreathing salmon roll freakin delicious Tuna overkill was ok Seafood dynamite the best

So as you know I'm an avid sushi lover.
Nothing says hiiiyah origato like sushi and sake bombs.
It was fairly crowded as we walked on and they had no seats even tho they let us sit at the bar or the community table, we chose the bar.
Let me tell you the seafood dynamite roll is fucking amazing.
It was like every beautiful Japanese a geisha girl sat on  my tongue.
We them ordered the sake bombs and let me tell ya, it was like Hiroshima and Nagasaki in my mouth.
I love this place.

Sat at the bar on a crowded Friday night (Viva Phoenix music event was happening and the entire cityscape area was packed).
We still received good service fom the bartendress and really enjoyed our food.
We ordered:   The spicey vegetable udon bowl - super yum!
We especially enjoyed the tempora eggplant.
The sauce on the noodles was spicey and a little sweet and just perfect.
I am still thinking about this meal and can't wait to go back and order it again soon.
Three rolls - rainbow, dirty rockstar, and another one wrapped in cucumber.
They were all fresh and tasty and accompanied by plenty of ginger.
My friend asked them to hold the sweet sauce on her roll, but we received it with the sweet sauce.
It was crazy busy so we didn't really mind.
The bartender went above and beyond and discounted our bill due to this mistake.

Sushi is just ok.
The portions are of average size.
Price is probably above average - five people ate and drank about $300 late at night.
The ramen is horrible.
If you walked into Walmart, bought the 5 for $1 packs of ramen, and made it yourself, you would have a better product.
The experience just reinforces my rule to avoid any "fusion" restaurants for sushi.

Stopped in for a bite to eat the other night and bellied up at the bar.
I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir, dumplings, black cod and some tempura fried green beans, all very good.
Server was good and the atmosphere with the open air bar was comfortable and relaxing.

My husband and I came here during happy hour and we were very impressed.
I just got a water but it was the best water because it had lemon and cucumber in it!
Yummy!
Usually with happy hour sushi you get 4-6 pieces per roll...not here...you get 8-9 pieces per roll!
We did not realize that and ordered WAY to much sushi (4 rolls) and could not finish it all.
My husband had a Sake bomb...and he said it was ok..but the beer was weak and watered down.
We ordered carb rangoon, the four rolls, and the sake bomb and our total was well under $30.
If we are in the area during happy hour, we will return for sure.

If you think eating sushi in a land locked state like, Arizona, is weird - well, it's not.
It's not bad, but it's no Nobu.
Stumbled upon this place after a craving for sushi rolls came over us.
We were skeptical at first, but were pleasantly surprised.
We ordered more food than we could finish, but everything was decent.
Fries w/ nori powder = surprisingly tarty!
We ordered skinny fries vs. steak.
Gyoza = eh.
Nothing spectacular.
I'd order another plate of fries for an appetizer.
Hamachi nigiri = decent slice of fish.
Rice was ok.
Nothing special, but I'd order it again.
Sashimi salad = I didn't have it, but the two in my party who had it, loved it.
Nice slices of fish on a bed of lettuce in a bowl.
Dragon roll, spider roll, Philly roll = standard, but no wow factor.
Tuna overload = yum!
Spicy tuna on the bottom, topped with chunks of big eye tuna, wrapped in cucumber.
A refreshing tasty bite!
Hory fook, buffalo chicken sushi = I know, BUFFALO CHICKEN SUSHI?!?!!!
Pass on BOTH sushi rolls.
The Hory Fook lacked taste (not sure what it was) and the buffalo chix sushi was just...odd.
Miso salmon = DELICIOUS!!!
Moist, tender, sweet tasting salmon.
Yum!
Served on a bed of rice and sautéed mushrooms, broccoli rabe and carrots.
The salmon and veggie mixture was superb!
The rice on the other hand?
Not cooked all the way.
A little disappointed.

After driving around for 30 min trying to find parking and paying $20 to park, I was pretty stressed/angered.
Then when I finally arrived to the restaurant one minute past the end of happy hour, the waiter would not honor the happy hour prices anymore.
I was baffled at his lack of compassion.
If you come during happy hour, prices are reasonable.
After happy hour, I cannot justify eating there.
However, I did end up eating there because I met up with a group of friends.
Food was ok but not very filling and service was terrible.

Perfectly cooked grilled salmon with vegetables.
Really loved the hamachi kama and  varailety of appetizers.
Great happy hours specials as well.

Stopped in on my way to Stand Up Live Comedy Club, had a wonderful experience.
Friendly bartenderess, good sushi roll, excellent job!
If you're downtown, across from Cityscape, it's worth a try!

This was recommended by my friend fame and cuz he's a health but now he doesn't come no more.
Ill keep it alive for him.

Does anyone else fist pump when an unexpected check-in offer appears?
Squid Ink Sushi provides Yelpers with 50% off the purchase of your first beverage.
We stopped in around 5pm for some Happy Hour sushi and wine.
We sat on the patio, which wasn't the best choice with the constant noise of the Metro buses stopping directly in front of Squid Ink, and the vagrants who could hit you up for fifty cents so they can "catch the bus"--but that's not Squid Ink's fault.
I'd like to recognize our server Stephanie for the great service received.
She was very personable and timely with everything.
We had the Tempura Calamari appetizer, which was satisfying in regards to the freshness of the squid and the complement of the spicy aioli, but the batter was just bland and lacking in any form of seasoning.
We then split the Horry Fook and Philly rolls.
Horry Fook roll had great texture with the firmness of the jumbo shrimp and the crunchiness of the tempura breaded jalapeño, but again the tempura just lacks in flavor.
Unlike most places downtown, Squid Ink has Happy Hour seven days a week from 3-7p.

Stopped by here while on vacation from the frozen midwest and exploring downtown Phoenix.
I'm sure it's something to be taken for granted in sunny AZ, but I loved being able to sit at a bar out in the sunshine while it was snowing back home.
Yes, I realize that makes me sound like a rube coming to the big city for the first time in his life, but it's true (well...
gooooooooollllllly!).
It's a little light on vegetarian options, but the noodle bowl was tasty and large.
The age dashi tofu was unlike any I had before, but that wasn't really a good thing.
HUGE blocks of tofu with a slightly sweet breading and lightly drizzled with a topping.
I liked it a lot on the first bite, but after the first one it was so heavy I couldn't eat much.
Prices were decent and the beer was cold.
I can't say I would make a special trip if I was back in town, but the food was decent, the service was friendly, and ambiance was pleasant.
Actually, I really liked the bathroom.
That's a big plus.

Food?
Service?
Atmosphere?
Meh.
Side note bartender gets visibly annoyed when you use the check-in promotion.
"Sorry bro must be tough to have to look at my phone screen and then touch a button.

A great late night option for those who don't want to take the car out of the pre-paid parking lot near their hotel/convention center, downtown Phoenix.
I'll admit we went there just to get the Yelp deal (50% off draught beer), but it turned out to be an awesome dining experience.
Out for drinks morphed into full-fledged late-night meal.
The service was great).
Very attentive, friendly (but not pushy), and knowledgeable  (in spite of our server being new there).
The food was wonderful.
We had a party of 4 and ordered a variety dishes and rolls, none of which disappointed.
Dragon Roll is especially delicious.
And we HAD to try the Tootsie roll (just because) and it turned out to be surprisingly yummy and not just a cute name!
Their selections of cold sake are come sable too (tho I can't possibly remember which ones we had)...
The details are fuzzy now...
But that is a GOOD sign when it comes to the quality of the alcoholic beverages, doesn't it?!
Overall, I highly recommend this place ANY time of the day, but for SURE as a fantastic late option.

My boyfriend and I like this place.
It's definitely not the best, the reason we come back is because it's downtown and we like to sit outside.
We had the Crab Rangoons,  they were ok. You can't taste the crab at all just the cream cheese.
Also, the sauce it came with had that weird refrigerator taste.
You know like when you leave something uncovered in the fridge.
One thing that kind of had me uneasy was how quickly the rangoons came to our table.
As soon as we were done ordering they brought out the rangoons.
I was just wondering how was preparation done and if they just keep them stored somewhere.
At least pretend like you took some time to prepare my meal, don't let me think it just came out of a box from the store.
Anyways,  my boyfriend had the teriyaki chicken.
He liked it, didn't live it.
He himself said he has had better.
I had the Flying Phoenix,  something I've never had before.
I liked it.
Overall and it's a  average place.
Perfect if you happen to want sushi and eat down town.

So good!
I am craving this place now whenever I go to Cenpho for a show.
I had the Hawaiin Something and the surf and turf.
YUM.

Great service,  great sushi, the lemonade is delicious!
Blue moon on Draft also great!
Would return!

Very cool vibe!
Great HH!
Amazing Food!

Flew into Phoenix around 930, staying downtown.
By the time i got checked in everything had stopped serving at the hotel bars and restaurants, but this place was next door and still open.
I was a little skeptical of a sushi joint open at 10 with only one other person there who sent back her ahi poke because she didn't realize it was raw fish.
At a sushi place the raw fish surprised her.
Nonetheless I didn't feel like wandering so I went in.
Had the yakisoba and the green bean tempura.
The tempura was lightly battered and the green beans were fresh and crispy.
The yakisoba noodles were cooked well.
The steak on top was bland, mostly because the sauce was in the noodles.
Taking the effort to mix everything together in proper ratios it was quite pleasant, at first.
The spicy teriyaki is good but it becomes a bit much towards the end of the plate.
I threw in some pieces of sashimi (Salmon and tuna) and a yellowtail nigiri.
These were nothing special.
Nothing wrong with them but nothing good either.
The place has a nice decor but seems very quiet despite the vibrant happening vibe they are trying to project.

Great for a late night quick sushi fix downtown after a Suns game or a concert... Prices are reasonable...

Was in Phoenix for work and it was hot, hot, hot!
We thought some good sushi would be a great idea.
It was but unfortunately the A/C was not working properly in the restaurant.
The happy hour specials offered good deals and the food was good.
We had appetizers, rolls, and sashimi.
The service was a little over chatty but I guess some people like that.
A descent sushi option in downtown.

Terrible service... our waitress was practically ignoring us and she only had 3 tables!
One star might be harsh yeah but I wont be spending that kind of money on a place this this again.

This place basically gets stars only because our waiter was the only guy who worked there who was super nice.
Every one else who worked there were complete jerks.
The food is super expensive, even with their happy hour pricing, and you don't get nearly enough to eat.
Our group left making plans to go elsewhere to eat because everyone was still starving.
The bathrooms there are super obnoxious.
There are no signs, so I asked a waiter directions, and he merely told me, "Yes, we have bathrooms," and promptly left.
Nice guy.
I chanced a random hallway and ended up in what I thought was the guys restroom, because there was a dude there washing his hands at the counter.
No.
You find a random closet to do your business, and everyone washes their hands together.
Cozy.
Except then you get to catch the waitresses who don't wash their hands.
Oh yummy.
Our plates were dirty, there were flies everywhere.
And it was disgustingly hot in there.
I suppose I should say something about the food.
My buffalo chicken rolls were not bad (I'm pregnant so I'm not allowed to eat real sushi), and the chicken fried rice tasted like it was made from a box.
The others said their Cali rolls were super bland.
There was one other waiter who was super nice too.
I won't leave him out, so he'll make up the second star.
But everyone else... Well, I can't blame them for hating their jobs I guess.
Lol.

Delicious sushi!
The staff is extremely nice and the manager was very friendly.
The restaurant is very clean as well.
The caterpillar and rainbow rolls are really good.
All taste fresh.
Great location downtown and very spacious.

From my experience, and the experience of the four other people I dined with, the sushi here is really, really good.
Delicious, good sized, and the variety of rolls we can try is excellent.
The only off-putting thing about my vegetarian roll was that it included tempura asparagus and cream cheese.
I'm under the general assumption that, if I'm ordering something with strictly vegetables, it won't have anything fried in it, and it will mention if it includes a dairy product.
So I was a bit disappointed by this.
However, I ate it, and it was good - just not what I expected, or wanted at that moment.

Squid Ink is a sushi bar located on Central Avenue in downtown Phoenix (most central/southern-most edge of the downtown area).
There is a fee for the parking garage, which is located in the same building.
It is very convenient.
The hostess who seated us looked rather unkempt, and she had pimply shoulders, which were exposed in a stringy tank top and kinda gross, but she was friendly.
At first, the service was slow.
We didn't know when the server would come and take our order--granted the restaurant was full, which is actually a good sign.
Once we got our drink order in it took a few minutes longer than we would have liked, but then things got rolling.
We ordered several courses, and quite a lot of sushi.
All of our food came out rather quickly.
Way faster than I would have imagined for any restaurant, much less a sushi bar (which typically takes more time).
The miso is excellent.
The seared beef dish was incredible--the meat was tender, like butter.
Amazing!
The cooked salmon with the kale salad was "the best ever" according to our table guest.
The sashimi platter and suhi roll platters were just a scosh sparser than we would have liked, but the fish was impeccable.
Really.
Wow!
House chardonnay was buttery, not metallic.
Water and tea were refilled with regularity, and as the food arrived we realized the whole staff worked very well together as a team.
More than five different people came and went from our table, making sure we were taken care of.
Everyone was friendly and professional.
Over all the value was very good.
The prices were good.
We loved our meal and we are definitely going back there!
If you sit outside there is a misting system, so you stay cool.
Plus, the people watching is really fun.
Happy hour is all throughout the week--half price "starters", so that's always a good deal.
We recommend!

Love this place!!!
Do not like sushi but this is Only place I know where you can get an asian style burger!
Their teriyaki chicken is also stellar.
One setback watch for the flies they are evrey where.
Also servers whole polite also seem a bit too rushed.

I had the pokeroll and the dirty rockstar roll.
I enjoyed both and the atmosphere of the restuarant

Had the beef yakisoba to go.
I must say, for a dish like this "to-go" it was great.
Lots of flavor, the beef was cooked perfect and tender.
A big plus for me was the vegetables were not mushy, steamed just right.

I wanted to give it a chance, I really did.
I ate here four times...
The sushi is easily the worst on earth, which is probably amazing for Arizona, where Cuisine comes to die.
Anyway, what you look for in sushi is just one thing: Quality fish, cut well.
Their nigiri is stringy, tough, and often feels dry.
It is just bad all around, I don't know if their chef is poor, or whomever is choosing their fish is just ignorant of the role.
I have been four times, different days of the week, different times.
All horribly disappointing.
The waiters are also pretty bad, and slow, but that is a drop in an ocean.
The food is terrible.

First two times I went, I loved it and was very excited.
Whenever new places open downtown, I feel such pride.
Unfortunately, it's been less than impressive my past few trips (I know.
I should stop trying.
) The sushi wasn't great, my table was dirty and so were the ones around me, and the service was slow.
If you're just going for a drink and edamame, this place fits the bill.
Anything more and I suggest you go elsewhere.

This place is so clean!
Got to love how modern it is in this place.
Sushi was really good too.
Good place to enjoy yourself

It was not great sushi and that's why, even though I enjoyed my time here, I am only giving 3 stars.
Great location.
Cool, if a little pretentious, atmosphere.
Water with cucumbers and stuff like that.
We didn't order any drinks; thought the prices for drinks were absurd considering it didn't look like most of the cocktails had a lot of alcohol content.
First thing we ordered was the sushi lunch platter.
They brought out something that was different than what was on the menu but I ate it anyways.
The sushi was not good.
Tasted like what you find at Whole Foods or similar groceries; bland and stale.
Not spicy at all.
The sashimi were tasteless and strangely warm, which was unpleasant.
Also ordered the coconut curry shrimp bowl, which was pretty tasty.
My complaints are that the sauce was too sweet and rich, which made it feel kind of gross in my stomach afterwards.
Also, $13 for some rice, four shrimp, and a boatload of sweet curry is just asking a little much.
Would have enjoyed a few more veggies or more shrimp.
Service was good.
Weird bathroom scenario.
Would give it another try but not order sushi here.

I tried out this place a week ago, what I can say is that while the place is OK, but the food does not scream quality.
I am giving it 3 stars because rarely do I leave bad reviews.
If you wanna have sushi this is not the greatest place for you to go.

A leisurely lunch spot that still gets you in and out quickly during the lunch hour!
In summary, you feel like you've been there enjoying a nice lunch for awhile but in reality, you're in and out before your lunch hour's up!
Located right in the heart of Downtown Phoenix at CityScape, this is a perfect spot for lunchtime delight.
They offer lunch specials which are very reasonably priced and come with a cup of Miso soup.
During a lunch here, I enjoyed the Spicy Tuna lunch special which came with delicious spicy tuna, tempura eggplant, rice and other veggies.
It was the perfect combination of filling and flavorful and I gobbled up ever bite!
This is a great spot for lunch in Downtown Phoenix and one that I will visit again soon.

