I'm not sure why I can't find a review for Vegas.com but I felt I needed to tell my experience.
We booked a room through them and paid the upgrade for the "strip view" instead of the mountain view.
BIG mistake, the view was the back of the bldg.
will upload pics (horrible) our friend didn't do the upgrade and had a much better room then us.. Why do companies do that?
Very disappointing.
It's much better to book direct, or upgrade once you get there then you at least know what your getting.

A massive storm went through on the day I was leaving and it canceled all the flights and push my departure 3 days after I was suppose to leave.
That put me in vegas for 1 day.
I called them up.
They spent hours on hold for me with the airline.
I didn't have to wait.
They called me back and told me the situation.
I was able to cancel and get a full refund.
I'm 100% satisfied with my service and will book all my vegas travel through them.
I recommend this service.
It saved me from a ton of headaches.

Vegas.com is basically a cleverly disguised travel agency that only cares about money.
We booked a trip through them and unfortunately the person booking it accidentally chose a PM flight instead of an AM flight which gets us there hours after our appointment.
We called United airlines but they said we had to go through the travel agency which is Vegas.com.
They were completely uncooperative, unsympathetic and unwilling to do anything to help.
They RUINED our trip.
DO NOT BOOK ANYTHING THROUGH VEGAS.COM.
It's basically a scam.
They wanted to charge us $250 change fee to change our flight plus the difference in cost...mind you this is only a 45 minute flight from LA to Vegas.
I told them that this was my first time using them and this experience does not leave me wanting to book with them again and they said that's fine basically saying they don't care because they don't.
They wouldn't even think about waiting their $50 change fee to help us even though United said they would waive their fee.
Worst customer service ever and a horrible company that cares nothing for their customers experience and only about money.
I WILL NEVER USE THEM AGAIN.
NEVER

I will never book through Vegas.com.
They had a good deal for a suite at Ceasars.
I requested two Queen beds.
I know that when you "request", it's just that, a request, nothing guaranteed.
But whenever I book through any other company, Orbitz, Hotels.com, players clubs, directly with any hotel, etc., I've always gotten the room, I preferred.
In the end, it ended up not being a good deal.
I could've booked an equivalent room type at a better price, elsewhere.

OVER PRICED.
No value in booking anything with this company.
I would advise booking directly with the theater or hotels.
In general their business model gets the worst rooms and seats.
We had a show cancel because Rod Stewart was ill.  We were told that we get a refunded.
Did not.
After contacting them almost a month later we were given less than full refund after they deducted over $70 for 2  burgers and cokes at Planet Hollywood as part of the package.

Do not book with this company.
You can do better on your own, with more guarantees of rooms, flights and refunding your money.
After I booked with them and tried to  book the show tickets, I quickly started feeling regrets .
Nothing was available for the week (a very off week of travel), then seats were not available on the flights, and on and on.
I cancelled within 24 hours.
It's been over 2 weeks and I still haven't been refunded all of my money.
They charge $5.
for cancelling, but I am still waiting for the rest of my refund ($471.00).
I feel like I read all the disclaimers and still wasn't fully aware of all of them until AFTER I booked.
Do yourself a favor and stay away from them.
Book with the airline that you fly in on, they have the same low hotel rates when you do both the airfare and hotel.
I am a very seasoned traveler and am very disappointed with Vegas.com.
You won't get seats to any of the shows.
They said it was a "promotion" and wasn't guaranteed.
Well, don't "promote" things you can't produce.
I also spent about an hour with the show ticket vendor and they had no idea about any such thing being offered.
The girl was very nice and tried real hard to figure it out.
Vegas.com had sent the wrong "code" for booking.
I'm sure people have had good experiences with them, but nothing is guaranteed with them -  it's all right there in the disclaimer.
Save yourself some money and headaches and stay away.

This is a terrible company!
We booked tickets through them to a Cirque show that they canceled and they didn't even notify us!!
What?!
We're in Vegas wanting to go to a show that we paid for and now we don't have tickets.
Thank goodness we called the venue to ask a question otherwise we wouldn't have known that we had no tickets.
The worst, definitely head their awful rating and book elsewhere, wish we had.

There are a lot of extra fees for everything, show tickets had extra fees, spirit airlines was over the top.
Carry on baggage fees.
Thy did disclose the daily hotel tax.
Las Vegas is fun place to go, but it's time to check out alternatives.

DO NOT BOOK ANYTHING THROUGH THIS COMPANY.
I'll save the long winded horseshit and just say, don't.
This company is terrible.
Just bad everything.
You will not save money when everything is said and done.
Buy direct and you will be much happier.

So....
I purchased two tickets to see Guns N Roses for an upcoming trip to Vegas.
They were purchased 3 weeks in advance.
When I went to print them prior to my flight, I realized I bought them for the wrong date.
In fact, when I realized the date had already passed.
I sent them an email explaining my stupidity and received an immediate reply.
"Let us contact the venue and see what we can do".
REMEMBER, My tickets were worthless because they were for the previous week.
A few days later, I received an email that tickets would be waiting for me at will call.
THAT IS CUSTOMER SERVICE!
May choices on where we spend our money.
Vegas.com has a customer for life with me.
Thanks!

