Tom will take care of my family's real estate needs for as long as he is in the business, and I hope that's a long time!
This guy takes the time and commits the energy to go the extra mile for his clients.
I find it hard to trust realtors but Tom is one I can trust with quite possibly the largest investment I have.
Thanks Tom!

I have referred Tom to a family member and I'm currently working with Tom.
If you want an agent that has your best interest in mind Tom is that agent.

Buying a house can be a very scary experience if you do not know the ins and outs.
Tom makes the process easy to understand and during stressful times he makes the task of buying a home fun.
Yes FUN!!!!
Tom knows how to bring clarity and understanding to even the most confusing portions of the buying a home.
He is a genuine and trustworthy guy.
I will continue to refer him to anyone I know that needs his service with the trust that he will make their buying or selling of a home just as enjoyable!
Thanks Tom!

I have known Tom for almost a year and he has always provided great real estate advice to me and those I refer to him.
When I buy a home I would use him.
He is easy going and won't push you to make a decision.
He has a great sense of humor and is a great person as well.
I would highly recommend you seek his advise for any real estate needs.

My husband and I just purchased our first house, and Tom was our Real Estate Agent.
He was absolutely wonderful.
He met with us before hand to educate us on the home buying experience so we knew exactly what to expect.
In addition, he also personalized an online home portal with our specific wants and needs.
He was incredibly knowledgeable, professional, and helped us through the entire process.
Tom made our first home buying experience very easy.
We would recommend Tom to anyone looking to buy or sell a house!

Super agent here he is always providing great real estate tips.
He works extremely hard for his clients and is always available when you need him.
Thanks Tom for the great real estate advice.

Tom Speaks is a great person and an individual who takes what he does seriously!
If you want a professional that you can count on to get you a great negotiated price and someone that is on your side, than Tom is the one!!
If you need a real estate agent or know someone who does, make sure that you send them to Tom so that they get what they ask for and a whole lot more!!
Thanks Tom!

Tom Speaks is an awesome real estate agent.
He truly cares about his clients and makes sure they get the house of their dreams.
If you need an honest real estate agent that will take the time to find that perfect home for you, I highly recommend Tom!

Tom goes beyond the call of duty for his customers.
Tom and his team work very hard to find the home you are looking for.
I have referred friends of mine to Tom's team when they were looking to purchase a home.
After closing on the house my friend thanked me on numerous occasions for introducing them and could not be happier.
If you are looking for a real estate agent that puts you and your needs at the top of the priority list Tom is your man.
Thanks Tom for all your help and hard work.
It is very easy to refer business to you.

Tom is knowledgeable and trustworthy.
I know that he will do whatever it takes to make sure everything is done correctly, efficiently, and on time.
He is a true real estate professional.

What a great real estate agent.
Tom is part of team of realtors with a great support staff.
As an insurance agent I am always looking for good people to refer my clients to and we have referred several to him with outstanding results.
Tom is very knowledgeable about the overall housing market here in Phoenix and makes sure his clients get a good deal on their purchase as well as top dollar for their home.
Thanks Tom!

Tom is a very knowledgeble and experienced real estate professional.
I highly recommend him to you!

It such a pleasure to be able to work with Tom Speaks.
I agree with everyone else who has given Tom five stars.
Tom goes beyond the call for his customers.
He is all about integrity and excellence.

Tom is extremely knowledgeable, regarding the current market, and worked extremely hard to answer my questions  He made me feel confident and comfortable throughout the process.
I have met so many realtors who try and rush to get to the end, but Tom has never made me feel this way.
I appreciate his honestly and dedication!!

Tom is one of the most competent real estate professionals I know, going above and beyond for his clients.
I am blessed to be able to work with him.
His professionalism, commitment and integrity shows in his work and speaks for itself in his handling of the complicated transaction details.
I highly recommend him!

Tom worked very hard for us.
He knew so much about the area we were interested in moving to.
You hear people complain about the home buying experience and how awful it was.
I just didn't have that experience.
I am sure Tom guarded us from all the junk....
I highly recommend him to represent you.

A friend of mine referred me to Tom, which I was very happy about.
Tom is a top notch real estate agent.
He was extremely helpful, he kept me informed during the entire process, helped me to find great financing options, and overall made everything simple.
I've hired real estate agents in the past and although they were good, not one of them matched the level of service that Tom delivers.
I highly recommend him.

When it comes to a GREAT Realtor, what is important.
That they are there for you.
This guy is always there for you...His life is his customer's and it shows talking to him and working with him.
His knowledge of the SE Valley is incredible and the ability to listen and deliver is second to none.
Highly recommend TOM SPEAKS!!

