Love this place.. Clean Organize Detailed oriented  Great atmosphere   Kevin did an awesome job.
Paying very close attention in cleaning and polishing each and every nails.
Love the Atmosphere!!
A "must go to place" if you're looking for a superior  job!

I got my mani and pedi here and it was a really great experience.
I loved kevin.
Yay I found a place to get my nails done!!

Great nail shop!!!!!
Decor is beautiful and they have a friendly skilled staff.

This is my new nail salon.
It's all new, nicely set up (easy sitting arrangements when you go get your nails done with a friend).
The owners thought of everything.
Even down to the hooks to hang your purse on next to you.
I just got a gel manicure this visit, but I will definitely be back for another with a gel pedicure.
Great staff and very competitively priced.
Thanks Kevin and Kay!

I come all the way from Swenson & Flamingo to see Kevin and Cat... the environment here is so relaxed and the staff is so friendly.
It's clean, updated, new, and has all OPI/Essie polish.
They are super skilled and can really do anything you ask and the prices are great!

Kevin is so awesome.
This spa is coming along so nice...
Totally relaxing & affordable....
Highly recommend !!!

I really liked the work, the place, and the people.
Looking forward to a pedicure next!
:-) happy happy happy

So when I first started coming here it was 5 star amazing, they had a pumice scrubber tool that had changeable pads, the sloughing gel was included and my pedicure was immaculate ...
The man who runs it is a great nail tech but now it's $5 extra to get all the things you used to and it wasn't as fast.
Now it's more expensive for a pedicure that wasn't 5 star.
I hate giving a bad review but really this is the 3rd time I've gone hoping to get the original type of service.... Makes me sad but it's true.

I went to this nail salon today and loved it!
The prices are good and very polite workers.
I would definitely go back again.

Needed to get another gel manicure but most places were closed on a Monday.
Found this Buddha Bar and hoped they would take a walk in and they did.
It was a nice clean place with friendly and knowledgeable staff.
He was working on some new gel designs and am looking forward to seeing what I can do next with what he comes up with.
My nails look fantastic and the pricing was fair.
I will definitely be going back in a couple weeks to update my nails.

My mom's friend told me about this new place.
After reading all the rave reviews.
I went in and had a pedicure and Gel Manicure.
The pricing was reasonable and the staff was very nice but the shellac manicure was horrible.
My appointment was on a Thursday and the shellac peeled off by the following Sunday.
I am very displeased and would not recommend.

Kevin does an amazing job!
Best foot massage/pedi/mani!
Highly recommended!
Friendly staff, and very clean/modern!

This post was originally written in May :( but since posting isn't available via the app I haven't had a chance to log in and post from my computer.
Get with the times Yelp!
Lol  Anyway...
I'm so glad that I found this nail salon and its only 2 minutes from my house!!
Love it!
They treat you like royalty and make sure you're happy with your services every step of the way.
I received a great deal on my gel mani and gel pedi thanks to the grand opening special, but would still give them five stars even if I had been charged full price.
The mani and pedi itself turned out beautifully!
(Thanks T!
) This will definitely be my go to nail spa!

After a long day at work, (work week at that) I only ask for a few things: Feed me Pamper me And the third I guess is inappropriate.
But lets be honest, what person doesn't enjoy that?
First of all, the place is really cute, I have to say the marble countertops (I think that's what they were) are really attractive, the music was relaxing and the staff!
hands down the best nail shop experience I've had.
In a town where everyone is in a rush, especially in these salons, it's nice to be able to relax and wind down.
My nails are perfect, THE CORNERS are painted!
-I don't know how many of you guys have experienced the missed corners because of rushing.
Precision, precision, PRECISION!
Love it!
Check out this spot!
Tech: Kevin Toes: Kevin's "street bro" as he called him lol

**Ignore the negative reviews here is why: 1.These guys do no carry shellac and they carry a huge variety of color and glitters.
If you're experiencing chips and peels it's better you contact them before if you think it's a gel problem, they're are really awesome and willing to work with you, before giving a negative review.
I have a big fascination with Buddhism and Asian culture and I saw a flyer on a car in the Macy's parking lot that said Buddha Bar so I yanked it!
I thought it was literally a bar but than I read it was a nail spa.
The last thing this place needs is a liquor license so they can sell alcohol to totally unwind in the experience while getting pampered.
The place is amazing, I was delighted from my very first visit.
I went during their opening week and the place is so beautiful inside.
The whole atmosphere is relaxing, the music selection is excellent.
The staff is always very courteous.
I've gotten a full acrylic set with a glitter fade that I absolutely loved.
My toes done a couple of times.
Recently have I discovered this new trend of gel manicures.
I have to say I'm kinda obsessed with what they call the "diamond" nails, they look phenomenal.
I had Kevin do my set and that guy is a perfectionist, boy is he good.
I definitely will be back in a few weeks and I recommend everyone to check out this serene concept of pampering yourself ladies.

Currently sitting in the pedicure chair.
Came because of the positive reviews.
Will come back because of the great experience.
Very nice and helpful.
Thanks!

Definitely a great place to come and unwind at!
The workers are excellent and quite polite.
And they are they only place in Vegas who still does designs(if you're interested in them) if not they have a huge variety of other things!
Definitely coming back and highly recommend Buddha Bar Nail Spa!

I needed a French gel manicure last minute and i called ahead and they took me 15 minutes later!
They were ready without delays!
$30 for a French gel.
10% off if you check in!
The French tip was a little thicker than what I was used to but overall friendly staff.
They even gave me a bottle of water!
Place was very clean and new!
Just opened 2 months ago!

I went here for the first time today and this place is AMAZING!
I got a pedicure done by Danny.
He was super gentle and the pedicure looks perfect!
They do not re-use anything so I felt very good about getting my pedicure.
Kevin did my nails and what a great experience!
I got a full-set with gel polish and 3D art.
He was absolutely perfect and took his time to make sure each nail was perfect.
I had a blast joking around with him while he made my nails look amazing!
I will not be going to anyone else but him for my nails!
I'm so glad I gave this place a chance.
Their prices are very reasonable and it is incredibly clean in the salon.
The music and ambiance is very nice.
This place  is worth checking out.
If you are looking for a great experience and a meticulously clean place then Buddha Bar Nail Spa is the place to go in Henderson!

This place is amazing!
It was so much fun...time flew by so fast.
:-)  I called last minute to see if they'd take me today after work or tomorrow, and Kevin offered to have me come in after work.
I felt bad since they close at 7, but he was OK with staying after close to get things done.
Long story short...I was forced to have my nails done at a place due to being in a wedding.
So...needless to say, I had to have them removed.
Kevin was able to finally get them off...LoL!
I had a full set done as well as a French design.
I brought a photo in of what I wanted, and it came out beautifully.
I couldn't be any happier!
:-)  Thank you, Kevin, for doing such an amazing job.
I'll definitely be coming back in regularly.
This is now my go-to nail spa!
See you soon!

I had such a great experience with Kevin while visiting Buddah Bar the first time.
He did a stunning job making my nails perfect and just the way I like them.
It was really fun hanging out with Kevin while he did my nails.
He was so funny and took the time to give me excatly what I was looking for.
The salon is absolutely beautiful and super clean!
Everything is brand new and they have tons of gel polish and fun nail art designs.
This place is great if you are looking to have a great experience while getting professional nail art this is the place to check out!

Came here with a friend for gel manicures.
Thank goodness we didn't also want pedicures because on a Saturday afternoon, there was only one worker!
That was my only negative complaint is that we had to take turns getting our manicures- so what should have only taken us 1 hour tops turned into a 2.5 hour appointment.
However, Kevin was very thorough and did an excellent job.
My gel manicure is still mostly intake 2.5 weeks later.
He puts cuticle oil on at the end which is a nice touch, however he doesn't lotion/massage the arms/hands like other nail salons do.
Overall good attention to detail so I would try them again

I found this place from a referral and I must say they are amazing.
He fixed the mess that Best Nails created and exceeded my expectations.
They are a new business but this owner knows what it takes to properly service a client, no short cuts with them.
They go above and beyond.

Very thorough and beautiful Gelish pedicure.
The techs are very friendly and personable and the salon is very clean.
I will definitely be back!

Kevin did a fabulous job with my manicure.
I had a gel manicure done for a wedding I'm going to and had to find a place.
My sister-in-law recommended this place and I'm glad I came.
The service was good and the quality is comparable to the Bay.
If I'm in town again I'll definitely stop by!

Dropped in to have a gel manicure and was able to get in immediately.
I told the owner I wanted exactly what I had on my hands now - French manicure, clear undertone.
He said it would be $15 for the manicure and $15 for the gel.
The girl did a very nice finish job but was VERY rough with the emery board.
She cut my cuticle in several places and now I have 6 little scabs on my cuticles.
Her finish work was nice, though and they look good overall.
When I went to pay, however, $30 plus a $5 tip, the owner THEN told me it would be $5 extra for the French.
He never said this prior and I was very unhappy.
It's not the money, it's the deception.
This was not good business practice and I will not be returning to Buddha Bar.

I love this place.
It's brand new and everything is state of the art.
I came here because another salon had really messed my nails and toes up and I wanted them fixed.
Kevin did an amazing job and I love them.
They were honest about what they could and couldn't do event when it meant they would make less money!
An honest nail salon is a rare gem!!
I highly recommend them.

My nails look Ahhhmazing.
Ask for Kevin.
He did exactly what I asked for.
No nonsense, they know their stuff and are clean.
There is nothing more annoying then when a nail technician is rushing and drilling the hell out of your nails to save time.
None of that BS here.
Also- I didn't feel raped financially after getting some damn artwork on my nails.
Finally, Henderson got her nail jamz together.

Awesome nails!
LARGE selection on gel colors!
Kevin can do any matte color too!!
This is a new business so don't be overly critical.. Kevin is very talented!

I've finally found a nail salon that I look forward to going back to.
Buddha Bar Spa gives you pampering, comfort, lots of color choices, great price and GREAT nails!

I saw that this place was associated with Buddha and knew I had to try it.
I recently moved from LA and used to subpar service in nail salons...not the case here!
Kevin is the man!
He picked the colors and they match my personality perfectly.
Amazing customer service with  detail-oriented and flawless nails at a fair price?
Done!
I'm officially a regular.

Very late review from when I got my nails done about 2 weeks ago.
They still look like I just got them done and not one has broken or lifted.
This place is amazing!
The owner is awesome and very professional.
Definitely recommend this place!

Love this place!
My new favorite nail tech Kevin!
Just moved from California and was looking for a place to get my nails done!!!
I feel like I hit the jackpot!!

I dont ever write review on yelp but I had to go out of my way for this place.
To begin with, I came in at 630 right before they closed.
Waited till kevin finished the set he was on.
He STILL took his time and was very meticulous with my nails.
Two hours later I had a beautiful full set.
This place is fairly new but the environment is so awesome and its not like a regular nail salon at all.
ASK FOR KEVIN!
HE DOES BEAUTIFUL WORK!

Great place!
Very friendly, they do what you ask.
My nails look fabulous!
Mom got a pedicure, she loved the outcome.
Kevin is the owner and is amazing!
He also fixed a nasty job on Mom's nails, much better!

always on point  #kevinsthebest #fiiiiire   Come here now!
The shop is spotless, all the staff is wonderful, and Kevin really takes his time to make sure you're comfortable and really pleased with his work.
He's so creative I just give him free reign on my nails and he's NEVER disappointed me.
Keep it up Kevin, I'll be spreading the word everywhere !
Thank you !

This place is awesome!
Kevin is the best and soo much fun.
I live in boulder city and will drive here everytime I need my nails done now.
The shop is clean and professional and the mani pedi is amazing!

LOVED THIS PLACE !
Was my very first time here & it won't be my last , Kevin was AWESOME & FUNNY!
But the pampering was theee best & most relaxing !
Took Their Time & my nails were on point !

This review is long overdue.
I cannot say enough great things about this nail salon.
The staff is great.
Everything is spotless and the finished product is always on point.
I highly recommend going to Buddah Bar and being pampered.

Kevin really is the best!
I went in for a pedicure and accidentally messed up one of my nails before leaving, he not only fixed it for me but also redid the nail when I messed it up a second time!
Truly great customer service.

My sister came into town this weekend and we were looking for a nice place to get pedicures and manicures.
I looked up some places on Yelp and found a lot of good ratings for Buddha Bar Nails so we thought we'd give a try.
We brought out young niece with us and were greeted with smiling faces.
I had read a lot of good reviews about Kevin and let me just say they were all true!
He was so awesome and friendly while doing my nails.
One of my nails hadn't dried all the way and I smudged it.
He didn't act like it was a problem but instead went over all my nails again to make sure they were all perfect for me.
He is truly one of the best!
I would recommend Kevin and the Buddha Bar Nail Salon to every one of my friends!

Came here to fix what "best nails" messed up!
Kevin hooked it up like crazy!
My nails are amazing!!!
Thank u!

Kevin is my new nail guy!
He does excellent work and makes sure everything is perfect!
He doesnt rush or ignore you like some places.
If you havent been here yet check it out.
You wont be dissapointed!

I chose this place because of all the good reviews on Yelp!!
As usual they we're correct!
I made an appointment using their excellent Yelp deal for a mani and a pedi for only $30!
I brought my mom and myself in for a day of pampering.
The staff at Buddha Bar are very friendly and professional.
They offered us water or even champagne.
My mom had Layla and I had Alexis as our nail techs.
Both women were very good at what they do.
I did not feel like they rushed through our pedi's or mani's.
I even got a nice leg and foot massage.
They have tons of polish colors to pick from and even do gel nails.
Everything was super clean and new.
I loved the pedicure chairs and also enjoyed the music selection in the shop.
My toes and fingers look great and my feet feel amazing after all the dead skin they got off.
I'll for sure be making another appointment for a pedi again soon!

I am fairly new to the Las Vegas/Henderson area and my mom and I have been searching high and low for a new nail salon to go to for our monthly routine.
While browsing Yelp, I came across the Buddha Bar Nail Spa.
My mom and I knew right away that this is where we wanted to go after reading the first couple of reviews, so we decided to call and make two appointments!
Upon arrival, we were greeted by Kevin, the owner.
The entire staff is extremely friendly and we were helped immediately!
The variety of polishes as well as gel colors to choose from is crazy!
There are SO many!
Kevin did an amazing job on my full acrylic gel set and I am absolutely satisfied!
Kevin is easy going and makes all of his clients feel comfortable.
Not to mention, he had the best jams playing throughout the salon!
He definitely took his time with my nails and paid very close attention to detail, which is what I loved!
My mom was also very satisfied with her gel manicure and pedicure done by Layla.
I highly recommend the Buddha Bar Nail Spa!
Definitely coming back here soon!

I recently moved to Vegas and have been looking for a nail salon that I want to come back to.
I found Buddha Bar Nail Salon on Yelp and decided to give it a shot because of the good reviews and the close proximity to my house.
When I walked in I immediately loved the atmosphere.
It is very clean and well kept, the staff is extremely pleasant and friendly and it had great music playing!
Kevin, the owner, did my acrylic gel nails and he did fantastic!
He spent quality time on my nails and he paid close attention to detail.
I have never been happier with my nails or nail service!
I will definitely be coming back here, as a regular.

Kevin is amazing, I love my nails!!
Very professional and fast.
I will go back again.
The gel color selection is huge

I enjoy getting gel manicures.
I decided to come here because the nail place i normally go to is becoming way to busy to accomodate their clients, its close to my house and they have good reviews.
I must say the reviews were right!
It is a nice salon, the staff is friendly and they take their time working on your nails.
They do not rush the process.
Kevin did a great job with my nails.
While i was there they were also holding a fundraiser for a local child in need of a surgery!
Way to help the community!
Keep up the good job.
I'm now going to be a regular here!

By far my fav nail salon in NV!
Looking for clean, detail and fun!
Take time to stop by and ask for Kevin*

I have been looking for a good nail salon since I moved out here.
This place was close to home and had very good reviews, so I decided to give it a shot.
Unfortunately, I feel that I just was a little unlucky, and came on an off day.
My appointment was at 1:30pm, and I did not leave the nail salon until 4:30.
I have never experienced that before in my life, but I do want to give them the benefit of the doubt because I believe he did have some employees call off that afternoon.
Other than that big hiccup, the woman who finally did end up doing my nails, I believe her name was Layla, did an amazing job!
She had a very slow pace, but her work was very neat, and I am very pleased with the outcome.
When the time comes for another visit, I will give them one more shot.
If the wait is the same though, I don't know if I would make a third trip

Best place in Vegas!
I really think everyone should come here.
I've gone to polished and a few other places in town and I hate them all.
My roommate used to drive to la where she's from to get her nails done until she found this place.
Needless to say, we love it.

I went to this nail salon today and loved it!
The prices are good and very polite workers.
I would definitely go back again.

I very rarely get my nails done, but the service and the atmosphere have made me a definite return customer.
Kevin did a very precise job, and I appreciated that he took his time to make sure it came out great.
Don't hesitate to come here, you won't regret it!

Changing my review!
The very same day I posted my review, the owner contacted me to apology and offered me a mani pedi service by him.
Very professional, and very pleasant.
Will definitely be taking him up on this offer!
Very pleased.

Great pleace, very nice inside the people were very nice,  great to talk to and I felt welcome.
My nails came out great ( I love them ) will be going back and re commending them to everyone I know.

I am new to the area and was looking for a good nail salon to go to and came across this one on Yelp.
Hands down the best nail salon I have ever been too!!
Place is very clean and I loved that they use sterilized tools.
They also use OPI nail polish which I have never seen in other salons since it's a good brand.
Great customer service!
Definitely coming back :) -Brit

Great service and nice staff!
The champagne was a nice touch too!
Very fast service.
The music was a little too clubby but it was entertaining.

Very good service from all of the workers.
The place is nicely decorated with cute interior.
I like how there's a good selection of opi, which include many of my favorite colors.
I always appreciate places that carry good quality nail polish with good color choices.
Thus, making it more tempting to go back.

My mom and I went in for pedicures after reading all of the great reviews on Yelp.
My mom, who is very particular with how she gets her pedicures done, was very pleased, so much so that she added a manicure to her time there.
I asked for a French pedicure and Layla did a fantastic job.
She gives the greatest leg/foot massage too.
I was so pleased I made an appointment for tomorrow to get a gel set put on.
Kevin took the time to educate me a little on which kind of nail set would match my nail type best, which I really appreciated.
I am super exited to see how my nails turn out tomorrow.
If they are anything like my toes, I shall be one stylish lady.
:-)

I love how friendly Kevin is.
And how well the services are.
Best nail bar I've been to!
Just need services to be alittle faster when I'm there.

I am new to the LV area and currently live in boulder city but I fell in love with this place immediately so the drive is worth it everytime.
I like that they don't speak in another language the whole time so you don't feel awkward and nervous, they all are friendly and welcoming.
The salon was clean, modern and a good environment!
I like the modern music selection and the fact they offer you beverages!
I mean who can turn down strawberries and champagne?
Kevin is amazing and very funny, I was a little late for my appt but was able to text him and he still fit me in.
I had a pedicure a couple weeks before that by Laila everything was amazing she did a great job and didn't rush me, I didn't love the polish job though but I think it was because of the particular polish I chose was very thick and goopy so not really her fault.
I came in for a full set today and because I was late kevin was only able to do the nails and Laila did the polish and I do like them I just don't think she got all the way down towards the cuticle as she could have with the polish but I was late and there was someone else waiting I didn't want to be a pain so I finished and paid, but I get exactly what I ask for every time no questions or weird looks they do exactly what I want (it's usually a picture) and the execute it perfectly!
I will always go back and once I make girlfriends down here I will recommend this salon.
I would give him ten stars if I could!
Thanks again Buddha bar!

this nail salon was amazing in accomodating out pedi party.
i would recommend anyone to come here for a service  during the party they helped set up and they provide complimentary treatments for the guests and the celebrant.
i loved that they also provides champange and a chocolate fountain!
the owner is very cordial and the staff is so polite and nice.

This is the best nail shop I've been to in Las Vegas & Henderson!!
The shop has a spa like atmosphere & the staff is extremely skilled!
I got a gel mani & they did an excellent manicure & massage first which normally most places rush through.
In addition they were amazing at handling all our design requests.
There were 7 of us for a birthday party girls spa day & they made all our designs perfect & even served us champagne & strawberries!!!
LOVE

BEAUTIFUL salon, GREAT music, PEACEFUL atmosphere.
Smiling employees, happy clients, it was great.
When do you ever go to a salon where the employees are happy and not one single client is unhappy?
Its Las Vegas, its rare!
NOT at Buddha Bar though!
Thank you so much Kevin for a great relaxing peaceful time at the spa.
I will never go to another spa in Las Vegas again.
Kevin also throws parties for clients, birthday parties, and/or special events.
I have family coming to visit from the East coast soon and am excited for what he usually puts together!
The salon really knows how to make you feel special, they take their time on your nails and they come out great.
My gel mani is perfect, and so is my pedicure!
They take their time and do not rush to the next client.
It isn't about money in their salon, its about service.
I had a beyond great experience... like I said, I wont go anywhere else again!
See you guys again soon & for as long as I live in Vegas (and your open, lol)!

Love this place!!!
Great nails, awesome shop, super clean!
Thanks Kevin I love my nails!

Amazing service!
Best nail salon I've been to in years!
Kevin was amazing.
Spa was clean staff friendly and pedicure chairs were all brand new.
I would definitely recommend Buddah Bar!
Thanks Kevin!

Great experience manicure and pedicure!
Kevin is very particular about his work and does a great job!

I hate that they have been open for almost a year and I just now discovered them!
Everyone is so friendly and professional!
I got there in time for my appointment and immediately got worked on.
Rey (sp?
) did my manicure and was so patient with me despite my indecisiveness and nit-pickiness.
We were there til after closing time and when I decided I wanted more glitter on my gel pedicure that I got done earlier by the other nail tech, he  put some more on without any complaints.
I love his work!
I'll definitely be back!

Found the best nail place.
Relaxing music, not loud at all.
Not like other nail places.
Staff is great, very friendly and Kevin the owner is very nice, so good at doing nails too.
Takes his time so you know your getting quality service.
No machines!!!
Finally a place that don't use those things, no more sore fingers!
Not mention the prices are very reasonable.
Will be my nail spa.
Wouldn't go anywhere else after going there.
Highly recommended to anyone either visiting or as a local.

I went to this place after reading the reviews on here and will definitely come again.
I got a gel manicure and gel pedicure for $70 (which isn't that bad compared to other places in the area).
Nellie did an awesome job at shaping my nails and taking care of my cuticles.
Everyone was very friendly.

No waiting line they are clean and fun they also super fast providing the service,.
I'm happy to been here ... my girls and I will definitely making this nail spa are new place  highly recommended for you to

It wasn't the worst nail place I have been to, but it also was not great.
I got a mani pedi, first I didn't get any massages with either of them.
Part of getting my nails done is the pampering of massages that comes with it.
The worse is, after 3 days my gel manicure was peeling and one of my toes chipped.
I went back and get my finger nails fixed but after 3 more day they were chipped again.
Gels usually last up to a month on me when done correctly.
I will not be coming back, which is a shame because I really liked the owner, he was fun and very charismatic.
Maybe he needs to use better gel products.

I hate that they have been open for almost a year and I just now discovered them!
Everyone is so friendly and professional!
I got there in time for my appointment and immediately got worked on.
Rey (sp?
) did my manicure and was so patient with me despite my indecisiveness and nit-pickiness.
We were there til after closing time and when I decided I wanted more glitter on my gel pedicure that I got done earlier by the other nail tech, he  put some more on without any complaints.
I love his work!
I'll definitely be back!

My nails were in need of some TLC.
It had been a while since I had acrylic nails done but it was time.
After reading Yelp reviews I wanted to try them out.
The same day I called I was able to get in for an appointment.
I was happy that their location wasn't too far from home.
Everything was very clean with great upbeat music playing.
When I called he told me one price for a full set.
I wish I would have known it was extra for gel and french manicure.
I wasn't too upset since my nails turned out fabulous!
He was quick and professional.
My nails were exactly what I wanted!
Bonus... the husband loved them as well!
I am not going to hesitate when I need to go back for a refresher.
Check them out for great service and professionalism.
Thanks Buddha Bar!

My friends and family laughed when I took off my shoes at gatherings revealing feet that can literally be used as sand paper... but after a few intensive feet therapy sessions (some call them pedicures) with Maral they now "ohhh and ahhh" at the transformation.
Being a guy I admit that it felt a little emasculating or feminine to "pretty up" my feet, but after going from embarrassment about how my stank-ass feet looked to becoming giddy with excitement to take off my shoes and showing them off -- it's more than worth the few bucks invested to take care of yourself.
Considering the horrid condition of my feet, Maral was very patient, detailed, didn't make fun of me (although I wouldn't have cared) and it seemed like she made it her life's mission (in the next 30 minutes or so anyway) to pamper my feet with love, care and special attention it deserved.
Definitely 5 stars all the way.
Now excuse me while I go outside and punch a tree to make myself feel more manly.

I love this place!
First it is open till 7pm I stopped at 2 other nails spas that closed at 6 or 5  before going to Buddha Bar nail spa.
I'm actually mad at myself for not going there first since it was my first choice off of yelp.
Any whoo got there at 630pm and they took me and my daughter in no problem and they did not rush us.
Second I love this place because they gave my 8 year old a child's price for her pedicure.
They didn't just let her splash her feet in water and paint her toes quickly.
They gave her the full service and gave her as much attention and time as they did for me.
In fact my daughter and her nail Tech Linda had a whole conversation and my daughter is truly shy.
This was my daughter's 2nd pedicure.
Her first pedicure was at a posh salon in California they gave her child's price but she was done in 7 minutes she waited forever for me to get done.
With Buddha Bar they truly gave her the nail salon experience and I'm absolutely greatful at how they treated my daughter.
Her dad who usually does not wAnt her painting her nails was happy with the outcome he said her feet was starting to look like his and now they are cute again.
Third I love this place because of the chairs they were massage chairs as well!
Fourth I love this place because they are meticulous with what they do Leila worked on me and she did an awesome job Linda as well did an awesome job on my daughter  and everyone was nice.
The negatives I almost didn't walk in because of the surrounding  shops it was a western union ,pizza shop and a gas station in front of it.
I thought because of the surrounding stores the inside was going to be dirty.
But the inside of the shop is hardly comparable to what the outside area comes off as.
Really modern, clean and the  music in there is very classy, cool jazz.
I made the mistake of not checking in till after I left and I missed out on the check in deal.
Love this place and is going to be my go to nail spa.
Big thanks to that whole team for making my daughter and me day wonderful!

So nice here!
Excellent customer service!
Definitely the only the nail spa I like in Vegas!

Came here based on the great yelp reviews.
They weren't lying.
Kevin D did a great job on a mani pedi.
Thanks!

O M G!
I can't tell you how many shops I've gone to and no one can even get close to this quality.
Kevin did my nails today and he did exactly what I asked for HALLELUJAH!
Kevin and his team really invest quality time in each client and do it with such class.
He knew every person who came in to be serviced while I was there.
I am beyond impressed with this place.
My nails are absolute perfection!
I can't wait to get a pedicure next time.
Hands down, Kevin is the best in the nail game!

Brought my mother-inlaw in to get a Gel Mani and Pedi.
Donna and Leila helped us and they were wonderful.
They did a beautiful job on our nails and had awesome conversations.
Very professional and clean.
This is my new hot spot!

I love getting pedicures here!
My nails always look great, they really take the time to shape the nail.
A basic pedicure costs $25 which I don't think is too unreasonable considering my nails always turn out great.
They don't really have a wide variety of colors mainly just various shades of Red and Pink.
Other than that the customer service is excellent and the salon its self is really well decorated.
I would definitely recommend!

Best nail spot to date, I wish I could get out more often.
Only reasonably priced nail salon that can do matte nails, soo cute!

I don't normally write reviews and if I do they are good, however I have to give a negative one to this place.
They were great people but I don't like coming home and having to put bandages on my fingers after getting my nails done.
I also had to wait quite a while after my appointment time to get start, which I understand because they only had three people working and had more clients than workers.
Other than ripped up fingers and waiting they did pretty well.
Update: My nails have already begun to fall apart and it has only been a week and a half.
The top coat is almost completely gone.
I will definitely never be returning to this place.
I now I have to go pay more money to have these nails removed and replaced.

Didn't like the entire experience and the result.
I asked for acrylic and went home with gel paying way more.
Nice surprise at check-out.
Nails were all different shape and length - I rectified that myself at home.
I was really excited to try this new place and was very disappointed.
Would not go back.

I've reviewed on this place before, and my opinion still has not changed!
Got a gel manicure a week ago, and it started to chip, went to talk to Kevin and see if anything could've been done, and he re-did a manicure for me!
When done he told me I was all set, he even insisted I didn't tip him!
Anywhere else they would've jumped on the opportunity to charge you!
What's also great about this place, not to be rude, but you can actually understand what the workers are saying!
It's nice to have conversation while getting your nails don't!
Love this place so much!
Definitely recommend to everyone, to go and experience it!

My wife, daughter and I came here for one of my daughter's bday presents..  Kevin is very precise and patient..  We were tough customers and he didn't let us go until everybody was happy and all our nails were fabulous!
My daughter had so many compliments at school..
He only uses high quality gel..  We will definitely return..  Nice atmosphere too..  Kevin is THE BEST!

Took my daughter to get a fix and polish change.
Great job.
She's happy.
Nice owner

Just moved here and needed a good nail salon.
Found Buddha Bar and was very happy with the results.
Kevin, the owner is very friendly and nice.
Did a great job on my nails.
Will be going back for sure.
I recommend this place for sure.

Kevin the owner is amazing, they always make sure everything is perfection before they let you leave.
Will always recommend this nail salon if your looking for clean,consistent and friendly.
In short it's worth the money and you won't be disappointed.

Best nail space in Henderson relaxing atmosphere relaxing music .
Kevin the owner is very professional ..

I'm so happy to have finally found my nail place!
Thank you for great service.
My little piggies are soft and beautiful :-) See you again soon for mani/pedi!

Walked in and there was no wait.
Really friendly people and great service.
Highly recommended.

The place was very clean & they were very quick to take care of us.
When I first sat down I tried to ask my nail tech something and he didn't understand me at all I know I am in an Asian nail place but they should at least be able to understand the basics.
Second of all while he was removing my gel he didn't really know what he was doing.
The owner was also very rude to the Indian worker that's there.
I didn't feel comfortable after that .
The nail job was okay it wasn't anything out of the ordinary but I won't be going back.
This isn't a place to go it you're trying to get the best quality of work done or if you like specific nail designs, etc.

Decided to give this place a try based on it's yelp reviews and it's current yelp offer....A mani and pedi for 30 bucks!
I was greeted by the owner, who assigned us our nail techs and he went back behind the computer.
I thought it was an usual exchange because he was so into his computer screen, and I quickly saw why, he was deep into a computer game.
My nail tech was Donna, she shared her nail experiences, stating she had owned seven previous salons and was tired of being the boss so now she works under someone else.
You would think that she has tons of nail experience right?
Well, whatever she used under the polish, caused my manicure to chip the DAY AFTER!
I literally lost half the paint on my nails two days after my manicure.
A total waste of money!
My pedicure?
It seemed to be holding up... That is, until about day 5, my toes started chipping too!
I've never had this happen post pedicure.
Maybe two or three weeks later, not 5!
It took over an hour and a half for my mani and pedi... My nails are not bad to begin with, they were just so slow and no one else in the salon so they kept stopping to talk, answer their cell phones, etc.
And here's the kicker....
Upon payment, the owner took our cell phones to redeem the yelp offer, and asked us, on the spot to leave a yelp review before we pay him and show him the review.
I will never return.
Poor quality.
Took too long, asking to review a yelp review before payment is not professional.

What a fantastic Nail Spa.
You get the feeling that you're in Green Valley Ranch or Red Rock but in reality you're in Henderson in a strip mall.
The prices are very fair and the quality of work is impeccable.
The owner use is really high end skin products and everything is super clean.
I'm sitting in the chair right now on my second visit and everything is as wonderful as it was the first time.
I will not be going anywhere else for pedicures.

I read the great reviews and knew this was the place!
I was greeted by friendly faces and had one of the best pedicures I've ever had!
My nail tech was kind an thorough.
This place is sparkling clean!
If you are traveling and want a nice, safe nail salon, choose this one!

Kevin the owner is great!!
I am someone that is very picky about my nails but I also go for the experience so I can relax.
The music is great.
The atmosphere is very peaceful.
My nails are finally in the shape & condition I want them in.
I love looking down at my pedicure as a woman it is always nice to have beautiful feet, PLUS ITS SANDAL SEASON.
I haven't yet to enjoy the other services they offer but will soon which include, tanning and waxing.
Ladies make your appointment here for your manicuring/pedicuring needs.
You will be one satisfied customer just like I am.

At first I liked this place and it's by my house, so it's super convenient for me.
I've just walked in the past two times and they fit me right in.
Both times, my nails looked great when I left.
But both times they have chipped off within a week.
I just had my nails done here on Thursday, today is Saturday and my nails are already chipped.
So that's pretty disappointing.
I doubt I will return after this experience.

The owner is amazing.
He's obviously very talented with nails.
Very laid back and nice.
I love the decor.
I love the fact they serve beer here!
Nails came out perfect, and were a good price.
I like how when I screwed up my whole hand of nails he didn't make a big deal about it and redid them without complaint.
I will be back, now a loyal customer!

Kevin is the best.. went  in there because  my friend goes there n I keep going back.. love it music is good  n the feeling of relaxation is very good.
Kevin does awesome  n so do his employees .. clean place.
Always on top .
Nails look as natural as I've ever had them .
Ty Kevin0 I

I've had my nails done in different salons all over the country & this place definitely sets the bar.
Great ambiance & atmosphere.
All of the equipment is sleek & modern.
I came in on a busy Thursday morning & had my gel manicure finished with precision & speed.
The technicians work as efficiently as possible.
Lives up to all of the good reviews :)

This is THE BEST experience I've ever had.
I loved my pedicure by Donna and Kevin did an awesome job on my nails.
I will never EVER go anyplace else again!
And, to top it off, I got a glass of champagne to help me unwind.
I don't even want to leave.

Love this place.
Super clean.
Very friendly staff.
They do not make you feel rushed.
They take their time on each customer.
Can not wait to go back.

This is my new spot for mani & pedi's..
The wait was a bit long due to not making an appointment but they offer you free water and free wifi.
The place is very clean and my nail tech Bee was great.
I love nail places where your nail tech will actually talk to you the whole time.
She was a great lady with tons of stories... Bee I'll be seeing you in two weeks!
***So I was one of the last costumers of the day and owner Kevin offered me and 2 other ladies a beer..
WHAT??
I'll be coming here every two weeks from now on.. What more do you want?
Free wifi, water and alcohol?
lol..

Today was the first time I've been here.
My sweet husband surprised me with a spa manicure and pedicure.
It was amazing.
The gentleman that did both my manicure and pedicure was nice and very gentle.
My nails look great.
The place was clean, nicely decorated, and I really liked the music they had on.
I'll go back for sure.

Let me just say wow.
I've been getting my nails done regularly for over ten years and this was by far the best experience I have ever had.
They took the time, paid attention detail and listened too.
Customers service exceptional.
Products used, exceptional.
My nails are exceptional.
Definitely will be a returning customer and highly recommend this to all the ladies out there that want beautiful, well done nails.

Okay so after reading the reviews on here I called and made myself an appointment for the Buddha Bar Spa Pedicure.
Remember to make an appointment, they are very, very busy, and devote the time necessary to your services.
I saw them ask walk-ins to come back later or make an appointment.
The massage chairs are awesome and adjustable, which is wonderful for someone who's 5'11".
Donna was my technician, and she was amazing.
My feet have not seen the light of day for months and she painstakingly scrubbed, smoothed and massaged my feet and legs.
Then on top of all that she did an awesome job on my glitter gel toes.
Beautiful.
It was also really great to meet someone else from the Pacific NW.
Thanks Donna and Thanks Buddha Bar, I'll be back for sure.

My experience here was the absolute BEST!
My friend had taken me to Polished to get my nails done for my birthday and they completely ruined my experience, not to mention our nails were horrible.
I found this place on yelp and suggested it to my friend to get them fixed.
We both had an amazing experience with the owner, Kevin.
He took care of us and turned our ugly nails into simple beauty!
Thank you, Kevin, we will definitely be returning!

Absolutely LOVE this place!
Kevin, the owner, is amazing!
I've been going to see Kevin for about 3 months now and the last time I got my nails done by him was over a month ago.
He does such a good job that none of my nails broke and barley lifted.
He may play on his computer sometimes, but he always makes sure that his clients are satisfied and that his employees make money.
Like I said,  Kevin is amazing, and Buddha bar nail spa is the place to go if you want great quality, great service, and over all a great time!

Kevin did an awesome job!
My favorite nail salon!
He treated my sister and I like long time friends!
Will definitely be back!

I called to see if they had any walk ins available and they told me to come right on in .
Very relaxing environment with a very friendly staff .
I got a gel manicure and a regular pedicure and I have no complaints what so ever !
Highly recommended :)

it is my first time to visit this store, it is a very comfortable place, and people here are very nice and warm hearted.
I quite enjoy my pedi and medi experience here.
and I will recommend this place to my frined.

Decided to try out this new spot since I'd been going to the same nail spot for years.. let me just say, I have found my new nail spot!
I loved the decor, staff was friendly, AND most importantly my nail tech did a wonderful job on my acrylics.
I was very satisfied and I recommend everyone to try this place out!

I love this nail salon!!!
I love the nail salons in Henderson and found this one with several reviews with great ratings so I gave it a shot.
I love that walk-ins are available.
Came in and only waited for ten minutes.
The manicure and pedicure service is amazing!
The decor is modern and contemporary with very chill, relaxing music.
I'm impressed with the overall setting and atmosphere.
Oh and the massages given with the mani and pedi service was fantastic.
Kevin was very courteous and professional.
I loved everything about this place.
By far, the best nail experience I've ever had!
My new favorite go to place!!

I was nervous switching salons after four years but Kevin welcomed me with open arms.
Service was excellent!!
I was use to waxing but I tried threading for the first time and I loved it.
B took time on my pedicure and made it a great experience.
Kevin is the owner and he is an employee as well.
He isn't afraid to get his hands dirty and he does what ever it takes to get the job done.
You can tell by the beautiful environment that he takes pride in his work and he guarantees all of his work!!!
He is a real down to earth guy!
I would strongly suggest this salon!!

Thanks to B & Kevin!
Love my nails!
Both were really nice.
Place was very modern & clean.
&&&& wait for it, check in offers!!
Haaay!
Only downfall is it took a while because there was only 2 of them at the time.
Other than that, I'm impressed & def coming back :) gonna get henna by B next time w my daughter.

I love Buddha Bar!
The staff is incredibly friendly and the decor is relaxing.
As someone who gets gel on their natural nails, I was super excited to find that they don't use the electric drill!!
I recommend making an appointment because there aren't a bunch of technicians, but other than that no complaints!

First off I absolutely love comming here.
All of the staff is so friendly and welcoming.
Since my first time here they made me feel like family.
They remember who I am and what I do for a living.
Any service I receive is always done with perfection.
They take their time and make sure everything is done right the first time.
Kevin the owner is the best nail tech I have ever had.
He's younger and actually talks to me while he works.
His work is amazing and I can honestly say I will never go to anyone else again.
If I walk in and he's busy he will offer me someone else so I don't have to wait but... but I always wait.
At work I always get compliments on my nails.
So I am constantly sending people here.
They always come back and thank me and tell me how much they love  it here.
Regardless of what anyone else has to say on these yelp reviews you should really check this place out yourself.
You will be kicking yourself in the butt for not trying it out sooner!
I promise!
Thanks buddah bar nails for treating me so special :)

It's a little hole in the wall with a beautiful interior!
The music was great and the service was amazing!
Bee did such a fantastic job on my pedicure and was so nice and friendly!
Definitely coming here again!

The lady who gave me my pedicure had a lovely personality, which is why it's so hard for me to leave this negative review, but it's clear she has little if any nail experience.
She explained that she also does the threading and while there I spoke with several satisfied customers for her threading services.
But my nails look absolutely horrible.
I've been getting pedicures every few weeks for the past 17 years here in Vegas and I've never come out with such awful looking nails.
It's now two weeks since my pedicure and my feet look so bad and my nails are so short and crooked that I'm not even sure anyone can fix them.
I plan to go in for a pedicure today at another location and see what can be done, but I'm not optimistic.
I can tell from the other reviews that Kevin must be a good nail tech and the one you should request for services but based on the review responses it seems he's also the owner.
I'm reading his responses to these Yelp reviews and I'm embarrassed for him.
There are tactful and respectful ways to handle negative reviews but clearly he doesn't understand that.
I probably would have given 3 stars but I'm so turned off by the attitude Kevin displays in his review responses that I can't give this business that courtesy.
If you value good customer service and strong business etiquette, steer clear of Buddha.

Great gel manicure (thanks Bee), but my feet aren't as smooth as I would expect them to be after a good pedicure.
I'll definitely go back, though.

A quick walk from my house, this place is chill, the staff speaks English and they do a great job!
Their prices are decent, as well!
I had my brows threaded and it was super quick and looks awesome!
Kevin fixed my broken nail and a cute girl re-painted my nails beautifully!
Yay!

Oh my goodness I can't believe I found the tamer of my wild eyebrows here!
Her name is Bee and knows how to thread 'em.
:) She also did a wonderful job with my pedi as well.
I'll definitely be back for Bee!

I found this place on yelp and was pretty impressed by the reviews so I decided to check it out.
I was greeted and was glad to get started right away.
The staff takes their time when doing your nails and does a great job.
I used the special that was on yelp and thought the price was fair.
Overall, great experience!

I went in to get a mani-pedi today.
This was my first time at Budda Bar Nail Spa and I have to say it was GREAT!
I had Bee and her attention to detail was very much so appreciated.
She was very friendly and knew exactly what I wanted and checked in with me regularly to make sure I was happy with her work.
I will definitely be back and I will recommend this place to anyone.
Thanks Bee, you're great!

Bee did a great job and was very friendly.
I'm very happy with my gel manicure and regular pedicure.
Great yelp deal.

I had an amazing experience for it being my first time.
The staff had lots of humor and did a great job on my nails.
I will definitely be coming back in the near future.

I love this place & they're staff!
Very down to earth ppl and very funny.
Treats you like family!
My daughter loves them!
They're work is amazing & they're always open to new techniques and designs.
Brought 2 of my gfs here already and they love it!
The place is so nice and clean too!
Very modern.
You'll love it for sure.

I have deleted my previous 4 star review of this salon.
After going here for couple of months i have seen a huge decline in quality of treatment.
My gel manicure didn't even last the night, tho Kevin (the owner) did fix them again, that is after he was defensive and blamed me for using "chemicals" on my nails.
Even after my re-do my gels only lasted one week before they started chipping.
At this point I'm done going back again to have things fixed that should have been done correctly the first time.
I give the salon itself a 4star  it is very clean, tho i guess it should be since the owner, kevin thought it was more important to clean then to finish my manicure he had started.
In the short time i have gone there two other tech's have already quit, the two remaining are super sweet but very new and inexperienced in their fields.
I don't have a problem with people 'training' on me but don't expect me to pay top dollar for my treatment.
I'm not one to complain but at this point i have to be honest for others 'shopping' for a nail salon.
This could be a wonderful establishment but needs some serious re-focusing before it loses more clients.

