We really enjoyed our first visit to the new sushi place in Ahwatukee, Ginban Sushi.
We ordered the Yellowfin Jalapeño appetizer which was sooo delish...my favorite part of our meal.
We then ordered the Sashimi Deluxe entree to share, as well as the Dancing Dragon roll.
The Sashimi entree was a site to be seen...sliced raw yumminess served in a bowl over ice with lots of decorative touches, including a multicolored disco light that shined through the ice.
The roll was quite tasty too.
One of our servers (we had several who took care of our table...not sure which one actually got the tip) gave us some the non-pasty wasabi (more fresh) to taste...that was a nice addition.
We really love Sushi Ken, but will probably be back to Ginban again in the future.

My fiance and I moved to the area right before Ginban opened, so I've been curious to try it.
I'm so glad we did!
They've only been open 3 weeks, so there weren't many people inside but I'm hoping they're able to build a good customer base to stay open.
The atmosphere/decor was closer to something you would see in Scottsdale but not obnoxiously so.
They still have a couple kinks to work out - we had a waitress, but the sushi chef took our order (they don't have the traditional paper menus at most sushi restaurants) and the waitress didn't know that.
However, I think because we were sitting right in front of him at the bar he just took care of us.
We ordered yellowtail sashimi, the pikachu roll and the spicy girl roll.
The sashimi was delicious, although I was a little taken aback that it was served in a margarita glass over crushed ice and the glass changed color.
In my opinion, that part wasn't necessary.
My fiance really enjoyed the spicy girl roll - the crunchies mixed in with the spicy salmon on top were a nice addition and overall the roll had a good spice to it.
The pikachu roll was unlike any other roll I've had before - it has lobster salad, bbq eel, avocado and tempura banana.
Yes, banana.
All of this wrapped in soybean paper and drizzled with eel sauce.
We wolfed it - it was so good.
I would say it was a delicious way to end the meal, but we also tried their tempura green tea ice cream.
Also quite tasty, and the sushi chef said they made the ice cream in house.
I really hope this place sticks around - we look forward to coming back!

The two stars are for the food.
The food was great.
If i were to rate only service it would be one or zero.
I went here with my girlfriend and her sister.
Excited to see a new sushi restaurant in the old spot of one of my favorite sushi restaurants, Mikado.
I was impressed with the selection of sushi.
So we placed our orders, the girls don't like seaweed so they ordered theirs on soy paper.
When it was brought to us only her sisters was on soy paper.
Ours was not.
When we told the waiter he just stared at us until we asked if they could remake them.
(I hated to ask, but my gf wouldn't eat the seaweed, and it is what we asked for).
He then acted as if it was our fault, that we hadn't asked for it, even though we repeatedly told him that specific of our order.
Following this we dealt with only the manager and only saw the waiter again for our bill.
We ordered dessert from the manager who seemed confused on one of the orders even though we named it word for word.
We clarified to be sure.
When it arrived it was the wrong flavor of ice cream.
Not wanting to be anymore of a hassle for them we kept our mouths closed about it.
Following this we probably waited 20 minutes to ask for our check and to then pay.
We ended up leaving without leaving a tip.
I never do this.
But we had no service and when we did something got messed up with little to no apology.
I will most likely go back to give it a second chance.
Maybe then I will update this review.

Very impressed!
Serene decor, pleasant and attentive service, and a great happy hour menu will keep us dining at Ginban regularly.
Happy hour includes your favorite appetizers, sushi rolls, sashimi, and some saki specials.
Happy hour rolls are $3 to $5.
The full menu has many more sushi creations (try the Crazy Roll) and traditional meal choices.
Prices are very reasonable for the high quality of the food and service.
I recommend the Gyoza appetizer to start - a soft dumpling with a very good grilled flavor.
Nice selection of saki, beer, and drinks also.
I was happy they carry an IPA.
Lots of table seating and about 10 spots at the modern-style sushi bar.
There is good music playing in the background, and two flat screens at the sushi bar....enough to keep you entertained, yet still able to carry on a conversation with your sweetheart and friends.
We'll be back!

I've enjoyed a few visits to this new sushi bar in Ahwatukee, but now that I've tried their "Ginban roll" I am a believer.
This small but intimate sushi bar has a nice lunch menu and Happy Hour deals.
The soft shell crab and the Ginban roll are delicious.
Even the chicken fried rice is a good meal.
The prices for most of the menu are mid-range, some of the specialty rolls are a bit on the high side.
Thankfully the Ginban roll is only $7 and well worth it.

We've eaten here a handful of times.The sushi here is fresh & delish.
The staff is always friendly & the prices are reasonable.
If you're in the area looking for good sushi, try this place.
You won't be dissappointed.

Super solid.
And... AND, I'm super psyched to have this place in my hood!
Came here for a Friday lunch, and all of the food was A++ Very much enjoyed the chopped wasabi as well!
One thing I think they could improve upon is their lunch specials.
They have the setup where you pick 2, or 3 or 4 items from a list... which I've encountered numerous times at sushi places.
But their list is ALL rolls.
I wish I could get a mix of sashimi/sushi/roll, or whatever.
Just...
I can't see myself consuming 4 different rolls for lunch...

This place is pretty amazing.
Went there Friday for lunch the first time.
Their rolls were really good.
Awesome volcano roll.
The sashimi was also very good and fresh.
Definitely order the fresh wasabi.
Reasonably priced also.

Yum!
I came here last Friday for lunch with Sarah H and Dan H.  We ordered a couple of rolls and a sashimi plate and everything was delicious.
Even better was a we saw a sign for all day happy hour on Sundays.
We'll be back.

Went here about a month ago for dinner on a Sunday.
The place wasn't very busy so we got attentive service, and the restaurant is very clean and has a nice environment.
The food however is A-MAZING!
We got about 5 different rolls and a couple appetizers that were on their happy hour menu.
Every single roll and appetizer was beautifully presented and tasted extremely fresh, clean, and great.
We'll be back again and again!

Stopped at this very stealthy place in the Fry's shopping center.
Looks very generic on the outside but inside it is modern & beautiful.
We ordered the sushi platter for two.
Wow what a spread!
Great presentation did not take away from the outstanding cuts of fish we were served.
We also ordered 2 tuna hand rolls which were over the top mouthwatering.
Service was very good & we will surely return.........very soon.

I can't remember the last time I was positively surprised in the way I was with Ginban.
I'm not sure what my expectations were but they were probably tainted by years of experience dining at mediocre sushi places in strip malls.
When you walk in you notice the really nice decor.
Stone walls, a nice long bar, dark colors...it's exactly what you wouldn't expect from the exterior.
As far as the food is concerned, it is really good.
The fish is super fresh, the rolls are very good, and the prices are completely reasonable.
It is easily the best sushi I've had in Ahwatukee.

So glad this place opened up so close to where I live!
I came here because my cousin mentioned it to me and can't believe how many times I drove past it without even noticing.
Definitely one of those place that you "don't judge a book by its cover".
The inside decor is beautifully set up.
Sushi is really good, love the fact they have a brown rice option that I can't get that at other places.
The eel cucumber roll was pretty good for a light roll that will will not fill you up too much so, I think I might go for the eel avocado though next time I come.
Also I'm pretty sure I fell in love the gyoza and the light dipping sauce that they have.
Seriously it was cooked perfectly.
Will definitely come back again!

Very good sushi.
I just got back from Japan, so I have good sushi on the mind.
This was fresh, tasty, and the staff were courteous.
The outside decor makrs the place look nondescript, but indoors is very nice.
Be sure to ask for the fresh wasabi, it's a treat.

The food was really good.
I had the scorpion roll and pink lady roll both were really good.
The quantity was pretty good too!!
Loved the ambience and service .

As a lot of other reviewers have said, the location of this place is a big part of what makes it great.
There aren't a lot of sushi options in this area, so it's a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
There's a lot to like about Ginban.
It's a new place, so the staff isn't quite seasoned yet, but they are friendly, and do their best to make you comfortable.
They have a very reasonable selection of drinks, and about 10 different varieties of sake.
The sushi was outstanding.
This is the first place I have had tempura banana on a roll, and I highly recommend it.
Try the 'Banana Mama Roll' and you won't be disappointed (unless you don't like banana).
I also appreciate their desert options, including tempura banana ice cream and mochi.
We had the mochi, and it was served at perfect temperature.
The only thing I'll speak poorly of at this place, and what kept it from being a 5-star review, is the music was terrible.
Country music I'll accept at a BBQ joint, but this is a sushi bar.
Either give us some modern music, or something with asian flair, or just ambient music - anything but country!

Great food, great friendly service.

My wife and I went for an early dinner last Saturday and I have to say I am impressed.
The food was great and the services was attentive.
It's so nice to have a comfortable sushi place so close.
It is a good atmosphere and great service.
I definitely recommend going there.

The sushi is amazing and the staff are extremely nice!
Couldn't ask for anything more from a sushi restaurant!

Bad bad service at least for us.
Pretty bad.
Wont go back.
For a newly opened place you would think they would try a bit harder.

Ginban is great!
Very pretty and delicious sashimi and some of the best soup I've ever had in a sushi restaurant.

Good fresh fish + Good rolls + Fresh Wasabi = I'll be back!

What a great find!
Had the Sushi and Sashimi lunch special.
It was a full plate - nice presentation and some of the best I've had.
Includes soup and salad for $15.
A wide selection of Sashimi, Sushi and other menu items.
I'll be back on my next trip to Phoenix.

Awesome place!
The sushi is EXQUISITE!
Our chef "Kenny" did an awesome job at making our rolls and was very personable and speedy!
Our server was nice too :) The prices are very fair during happy hour!
And we would highly recommend trying this place.. RA is so overrated, support the local!!
Also, the interior decorator did an awesome job!

I've been here twice already and both times I ordered the bento box.
There is a bunch of selections and you choose two of them, in my case I picked the shrimp tempura and sashimi.
I'll include a picture, there's so much food that I barely finish!
Very good.
The service is great too.
The server was very attentive.

Decided to try this new sushi place near home.
I have to say I was very pleased.
Service was very pleasant and prompt.
The sushi menu is extensive and extremely high quality.
If your looking for great sushi in tukee skip Sushi Ken and head to Ginban!

Sushi was delicious and very pretty.
Service was friendly and nice.
Though the music was strange and the place was very quiet I enjoyed myself.
It takes a bit for the sushi to come out but everything tasted amazing.
Volcano roll was delicious.

Awesome sushi, tempura, and the two rolls we had!

I love this place!
Fresh unique rolls that work well together, nice happy hour specials, very friendly customer service, and they are family friendly.
It was really great to see that my 7-year old had kids' bento box options to choose from...usually the reason I always have to skip sushi for dinner because there is nothing on the menu he will eat :/   This happened to be my first visit thanks to the high reviews.
The place was a little small, but very clean and nice.
I came after the typical dinner rush, so there was no wait and the food came out quickly.
Our server was exceptional.
Since they have a lot of roll options, she gave us recommendations - which were all amazing!
Our drinks never went empty and I was really happy with the amount of roll pieces served (and the amount of rice was also perfect).
Oh, and you can have your sushi made with brown rice instead - score!
I am really happy I tried this place and will definitely come back and recommend to others.

Great sushi and reverse happy hour.
Went last night with a group of friends and enjoyed dinner and drinks.
Rock n roll was one of the best and the tuna and other nigri was yum, yum.
Give it whirl next time you're in the neighborhood.

This place has without a doubt the freshest sushi I have ever had in Arizona.
We came in with a table of four on a weekday and received very attentive service.
The atmosphere is much nicer than I expected, and would make a great date place.
We ordered five different rolls; Phoenix, Tiger, Dynamite, Crunchy and Green Lady.
The presentation of the dishes made them almost too beautiful to eat, and it was very apparent the chef here is an experienced sushi master.
The prices of the dishes are also very reasonable, at $10-12 per plate.
The one and only complaint I have is the price of the Sake bombs.
At $13 each, I will not be buying drinks here (unless it's happy hour).

We had take out the other night because it was cold and just wanted to eat at home.
The food was just as fantastic as dining in.
We had a couple of specialty rolls and sashimi, all very fresh and tasty.

After living on Maui for 12 years where we have the best sushi, I'm happy to find a place here for great sushi!!!
We'll be back for sure.

I'm not sure what I'm missing here, but I didn't care for this place.
It had a funny "used oil" smell.
The sushi was just ok, but I could never get over the oily smell of the place.
I ordered the Chirashi dinner.
The sashimi was served on top of the hot rice, in effect cooking it.
When I asked, she said the cook was new.
I'll never come here again, there are other places better in Ahwatukee.

Being so far from the ocean, I've been skeptical of getting sushi.
But I've been craving sushi this last week and after reading the reviews decided to give it a go.
Also decided to go on a Sunday which happens to be happy hour all day!
We got a ton to eat..
The sashimi was amazing, the rolls didn't disappoint, and the special rolls were fantastic.
When the bill came, we were shocked to find it half of what we expected since most of what we ordered was on happy hour.
Everything was fresh and the service was spot on.. Will certainly be back!

Decent sushi and decent prices but horrible service.
The waiter was nice but the manager needs to work on her own service skills.
We waited an hour for our rolls, and they gave us the wrong rolls twice.
They took back the rolls and then we had to wait even longer for the correct rolls - and remember, this happened twice.
How about making your customers feel a little better about the experience and let them have the mistake roll (I'm sure cucumbers and rice doesn't equal a huge profit loss).
Glad we tried it.
Never coming back.
I don't think the table that was next to us will either from what we heard.

My husband and I tend to be pretty picky when it comes to sushi, but we really enjoyed the sushi at Ginban...and the saki selection!
The ambiance was less trendy than we were hoping for, but the sushi we tried was very good, and our server was very helpful and attentive.
Prices weren't too bad either!
While not really a date night type of place, we'll be back for more casual nights out.

Unfriendly staff and very slow service.
Save your money and go somewhere else.
30 mins wait for a roll when it's not even busy is not worth the wait.

Not the best sushi...bad service and pricey.
I wont be coming back.
The rolls were ok but again very pricey.

You know that phrase, 'Don't judge a book by it's cover?
' yeah...that's Ginban.
This spot is such a surprise.
I live in Ahwatukee and have never seen so many sushi restaurants in 1 square mile in my life!
so when this spot opened, I stopped by a few weeks ago out of curiosity.
(the coupon in the mail helped too).
t's GORGEOUS inside.
These folks really take pride in their NEW restaurant.
I mean...you should see the bathroom...
It's the nicest bathroom I have ever seen with floor to ceiling granite tile and one of those fancy sinks you only see in a swanky resort.
We ordered the jalapeno appetizer and a few other items which were all fantastic and well-priced.
The staff was polite and attentive as we dined at about 8pm on a weeknight and of course there were few patrons.
When you want sushi, a fine-dining atmosphere and great service without the Scottsdale prices, go here!

There is no better sushi place anywhere in Ahwatukee!
Ra?
Give me a break!
Overpriced and sterile.
Sakana?
No thanks.
Ginban?
My favorite!
My wife's favorite!
We have only been there a handful of times, but today we decided to make Ginban our "go-to" place.
The sushi is nothing less than amazing.
Live scallop (a featured item), jalapeño yellowtail, tiger roll, takosu (octopus with asparagus)...all so very fresh and excellently prepared!
The sashimi is awesome and the oysters (Hamahama and Kumamoto) will leave the most spectacular essence of ocean lingering on your taste buds!
The people next to us at the sushi bar today got a teriyaki chicken that was almost like all the best parts of a sizzling plate of fajitas: sizzling (goes without saying) and the smell was wonderful!
The Sushi Chefs are masters.
Kenny, the Head Chef, is personable and takes great pride in his preparations.
Vivian, the Owner/Manager is eager to please and very proud of her establishment.
She also has given us the best recommendations to try new items that we might not have been so ready to order on our own.
Stepping out of our sushi comfort zone at Ginban has been a most pleasant surprise!
The atmosphere is low-key, quiet and very enjoyable (we have only gone during the late lunch/early afternoon time, which is very much our speed).
The restaurant, itself, is very clean and the design is about as "chic" as Ahwatukee has to offer.
Give it a try.
You won't be disappointed.
(If you have been disappointed, give it another chance, especially if you have the opportunity during non-rush hours.

The sashimi here is of VERY high quality.
Every bite melted in my mouth.
It's probably the best I've had in the area.
But I can't give them 5 stars because after we were seated and we ordered, we waited 2 hours for most of our food to come out and one of our rolls were forgotten until the very end after we were pretty much done eating.
Also saw the waiter give wrong orders to people, and also saw 2 other tables leave because of the wait.
Sigh..
I guess it's worth trying out, but I can't justify being a regular here.

Since my original review I've become a regular here.
The music situation has improved a little bit, but what makes this my 5-star sushi place is definitely just the delicious, quality food.
Whether you're going for fish, shrimp, or sea urchin, the freshness and taste can't be beat in the Ahwatukee area.
Check out their website for happy hour times if you want a real deal, but stop by any time for delicious sushi, sashimi, and saki.
I particularly recommend the sushi bar salad, which is a simple and delicious pairing of cucumber and crab, or any of their roles which include banana tempura, which are all excellent!

This place is a hidden gem.
The quality is far better than most sushi restaurants in the area.
The place is a little unassuming from the outside but the food is outstanding.

It's the best pricing and fresh Sushi Rolls and Sashimi I have tried in Phoenix and Chandler area.
Got the coupon from AZ Chinese Newspaper, and worth to try again with 20% off.
Awesome!

We live so close and keep talking but finally tried!!!!
AMAZING!
So fresh and tasty!
Roger is great and we enjoyed ourselves!
I know why this becomes a local fave place!
I think this will be our once a week eat out spot since I cook daily!
Walking distance!

If you've been going somewhere else for sushi then what the heck are you doing?!
You're going to the wrong place ya big dungus!
Ginban sushi is the place to go and let me tell you why.
I've been here over a dozen times now and that's a lot of times considering I've only been in the area for like 8 months.
Before I came to Phoenix I've been all over the world and I've eaten sushi meats from coast to coast and let me tell you something - I don't know a lot about sushi but I know when I put something in my mouth if it tastes good or not, and that's why I'm writing this review because if you want some sushi meats that you put in your mouth and you like the way it tastes then just come here, what are you waiting around for?!
First let me tell you about the owner, ok?
He's a great guy and he's a sushi master.
The menu has a lot of great sushis on it.
Maybe you want some rolls, right?
Well then what the heck - just get one of the rolls with banana tempura in it and you're gonna love it!
Or maybe you want some fresh fish so just order some fish or ask them what they recommend and he'll give you the best that he recommends.
I don't know why I have to explain this to you, just do it already.
Or maybe you're a guy and you're like "Oh I don't want some sushi because I like cooked food" ok then big man, just order off of the kitchen menu and they'll bring you some sushi meats cooked and some rice and some tempura shrimp or whatever you order, it doesn't matter because it's all good.
Ok finally maybe you're here already and you're looking at Yelp because it's time for desert.
And maybe you're at Ginban with your special lady and it's a romantic evening, so you want to know how to close things our and seal the deal (Ladies this is a good place to take your man also if you want him to know that you're the boss and you wear the pants when it comes to picking where to eat and you're not going to settle for Wendy's or Taco Bell anymore) so just listen to me and do what I tell you: order the mango salad, and a peach saki for desert, and share it.
The Mango Salad isn't on the menu and I hope the owner doesn't get pissed about me saying it, but order it anyway.
I don't know how much is costs all I know is that it's real sushi (like maybe it's crab salad and tuna salad inside of a mango wrap) and it's delicious and it's real food, not some fru-fru desert that a gypsy tries to sell you when it's checkout time at an Italian restaurant.
And the peach saki is the perfect sweet way to end the meal so that when you give that goodnight kiss you taste like peach and not like whatever else you ate, and just have a good time, ok?
Because it's a great place to eat some sushi.
Stop going somewhere else you're wasting your money and you look like a big dringus!
Look at the pictures that's actually what the food looks like and it tastes as good as it looks!

This place is a gem for sushi.
I've been twice and both times I've left with a happy sushi face.
The first time we explored the menu just to gauge this place.
Our second visit, we ordered the $75 omakase placing our dining experience in the hands of the chef.
For three hungry guys - one of which was a stomachless 17 year old - we were not disappointed and barely finished the final two rolls.
Overall, we received four tasty rolls and a nice assortment of sashimi and sushi.
The white fish was soft and creamy.
The yellowtail amazing.
The tuna was.. well .. tuna.
I'm not a big fan of tuna and prefer the more adventurous fish like snapper, flounder or mackerel.
This place has, from what I can tell, two sushi chefs and a cook in the back preparing hot foods.
The front house staff are friendly but at busy times are flummoxed.
When the place gets busy, and it does around 8:30 because of the happy hour, the chefs and staff get backed up.
My biggest complaint are the customers; they're the raised on Chili's, TGIF, Bennigan's and Applebees kind of customers who come unglued when their food doesn't hit their table 14 minutes after they placed their order.
So my advice to those impatient families that roll in with their ravenous teenagers ... because kids eating sushi is cool ya know ... order a few bowls of edamame and relax.
Put down you're damn smartphones and have a conversation with each other.
Before you know it, you're wonderful sushi which you'll never appreciate how good it really is, will be on your table before you know it.
Oh, and the hipster who got all drama queen mad because they forgot his fork for his "fried rice" .. you're a moron.

I enjoyed Ginban Sushi a great deal though I've only been there once.
I split some nigiri, some sashimi, and a Spicy Girl Roll with another person and I enjoyed it all.
The sashimi & nigiri was fresh, the Spicy Girl Roll was delicious, and another fabulous part of the dinner was the price.
Having eaten in many of the sushi restaurants in the Chandler area, I can say that most are not as good and twice the price.
The only reason I gave this place 4 stars was the unimpressive sake menu and the unpleasant service experience.
Our server knew nothing about sake and when I asked her which Specialty Roll she would recommend, she stated that she disliked raw fish and didn't really eat sushi.
I'm rather sure that my mouth hung open for a few seconds after hearing that from a waitress in a sushi restaurant.
All in all, I'd return to Ginban Sushi because I liked the sushi and it didn't break the bank.

The sushi here was super fresh and every roll we had was amazing!
Tried the spicy girl, rocky ii (with the mango, our favorite).
Also had the sashimi, which did not disappoint.
Drinks were reasonably priced.
Wait staff was very nice and friendly.
Only negative is the ambiance is kind of boring, very open with not a lot of privacy if you are looking for a date night.
If they would spice up the decor a bit I would give them 5 stars.
Would return!

The sushi was delicious!!
Especially the pikachu roll.
It had banana in it but it turned out really good!!!
The crunchy roll was soo crunchy and so delicious!!!
The service was amazing and show of pride while working.
It was amazing and I really hope to return!!

Wow this place blew me away.
To start the atmosphere is great.
Its very modern with low lights and great ambiant lighting, even our order had a blue LED light placed in the ice which was very cool.
Even the windows are blacked out to help set the mood.
The menu is full and there are pleanty of options.
My wife and i love a mix of sushi and sashimi so we went with the love boat for 2; it was wonderful.
Another in group ordered a bento box that looked amazing.
All in all the food was great and the setting definatly added to the experience.
I would definatly suggest this place and will be returning.

Wonderful quality sushi/sashimi here!
It was very fresh and the presentation is beautiful!
I adored their Pink Lady Roll.
The prices are very fair for the quality of food we enjoyed.
The restaurant is sleek, modern, and clean.
The service is slow, but let the staff was friendly.
The only complaint I have is that when the waitress accidentally spilled/dropped plates and soy sauce all down my back as she took our dishes, the manager didn't swing by our table.
The waitress offered to treat us to dessert, but we were stuffed.
It would have been nice to get a discount or even just a "are you ok?
" from the manager though.
Despite this small snafu,  we'll be back.

The sushi is good.
We were here for reverse happy hour on a Saturday night.
It's wasn't busy maybe 4 other tables beside ours.
Service slow, food slow to come out and it's pricey considering it's reverse happy hour.

This place left a lot to be desired.
We chose this place because of its great reviews.
We went on Mother's day and was sad to see that they decided not to do their happy hour because of this.
The rolls we got were okay but nothing spectacular, and the atmosphere was pleasant.
The staff was kind and quick, which was about the only plus side.
Long story short... we are going to stick with Mido as our regular spot.

5 stars for quality and freshness.
Been here 3 times and have always liked their food.
I don't think I would be back just bc the last time I came, the restaurant was full; instead of telling me they were full and behind, they took me in.
There were only 2 sushi chefs and 3 waiters and the table were full.
All of the restaurants that I've been to, they would tell me how long the wait would be so that I have a choice to leave or to wait.
This place happily took my party in and it took them 2 hours to complete my order.
I feel like I get each order every half hour.
No food is worth that kind of waiting time.

I found myself here because I purchased a Groupon...oddly enough, it is right next to the grocery store I frequent every week, and yet I never noticed it.
Sometimes I go to  the grocery store to buy sushi rolls, oblivious that I am walking past a sushi restaurant.
That is  because from the outside, it looks like nothing.
At least nothing safe.
The windows are completely black.
I had some buyers remorse once I saw the outside.
But, as the saying goes, "you can't judge a book by it's cover" because the inside provided the atmosphere I was expecting, down to the fish tank.
I loved the menu.
If you love raw fish, you too will love this menu.
Our dinner was pretty cliche, with miso soup, caterpillar roll, spicy tuna roll, and saki bombers.
At the end, we ordered mochi ice cream, which was totally foreign to me.
I am still confused about this item...it is basically ice cream that is covered in chewy candy, like a soft gummy bear (or an Airhead is a better description, if you are familiar with candy).
It reminds me of the time I put chocolate ice cream on my baked potato.
The ice cream absorbed into the potato, leaving me a chocolate potato (and hey, don't judge, if you ever dipped a french fry into a Wendy's Frostie, you know what I am talking about).
Anyway, my point -- some things are just texturally an odd pairing, even when they  taste good.
But, the whole thing was covered in whipped cream and drizzled in chocolate sauce.....so, whatever, I'd eat it again.

I agree with Eric L. Blew me away too.
It's so good.
The sashimi is something I dream about now and the Yaki udon chicken.
Also the staff is very accommodating.
I have been there multiple times now and it's always great.

Ginban has become our go-to family sushi spot in A-town...it's excellent...only thing holding this pace back is inconsistent service.
The place is modern and stylish, especially considering the strip mall location.
The sushi bar is attractive and functional.
There are TVs strategically placed around the restaurant, which is perfect if you want to catch snippets of the Blackhawks playoff match out of the corner of your eye while pretending to give your family your full attention.
The food is outstanding.
The salmon sashimi is fresh and delicious and the yellowtail is among the best I've tasted.
I'm not a big roll fan, but the family really likes theirs; especially the Tiger Roll and the Eel Avocado roll.
The Unagi is really good as well.
I've also tried the chicken teriyaki, which was good and tastefully presented but not life-changing.
The beer selection is just fine.
The usual Japanese staples plus one or two nice surprises (Dog Fish Head 60 Minute IPA, I think!).
Could be served colder, but whatever.
I get that handcrafted sushi can take a while, but they need to get it together.
Orders come out at odd times, like last night all three courses of my dinner were served long before the rest of the family received even their first morsel  of delicious raw fish.
There is also the occasional mistake, like the time we received ahi sashimi instead of salmon, but these things happen.
One thing that would really help would be if the servers could kick up their attentiveness.
They always avoid you like you've got SARS during these awkward long waits.
Invariably we want another beer or to add to our sushi order, but there is no one to be found...or even anyone willing to make eye-contact!
Of course, during a grown-up dinner with epic quantities of sake bombers they should take their sweet-damn-time bringing the fish.
Ultimately, we still love this place despite its flaws.
The sushi is worth the wait and we have resolved to plan ahead more, but a little better service would mean a lot regardless.

Very friendly staff and great sushi.
I recommend the spicy girl roll.
A very nice find while I was traveling.

Fancy little mom/pop sushi resturant and bar that feels like a trendy franchise.
Excellent ombiance and food!
Would have rated 5 Stars if the greeting staff and overall service was a little better.
The hostess/manager was kind of rude and could've smiled and been nicer.

This will be very first review on yelp and it is very deserving of my praise.
This is a small business, with a small staff, but they are passionate about serving the vey best sushi possible.
I always have the sushi bar salad and the yellowtail sashimi there, but I also love the ninja jalapenos, the ginban roll, the caterpillar roll, the tuna, the salmon, the eel, and the fact that they have banana in some of their rolls, which is way more awesome than I expected.
I love their saki's too and I always get a peach saki and mango salad when I'm feeling like desert.
If that sounds at all interesting to you, you have to try it, it's an amazing combination.

I love this place!
They have creative rolls and a pretty good happy hour.
It is a little pricey, but I do find that they have better quality than others!

Food is great.
It's a shame the service can't keep up.
After waiting 40 minutes for an order of sashimi, we were told we wouldn't be getting it because they ran out of yellowtail.
Why they didn't tell us that as soon as they noticed?
Instead, we had to inquire twice.
the first time about 25min in.
When we were told, 'oh yes your order is next.
' Then, we asked after another 10min.
This time there was a huddled discussion between the manager and chef and we were told they had just run out.
But when we saw them bring out more for other diners, I had to yelp about it.
Even worse was the terrible "customer service" from the manager.
Our server never showed up again.
They put mayo on items we requested they didn't.
All in all, the food was good when receive as ordered but it wasn't enough to make up for the inadequate service.

This review is for Saturday July 5th.
We have been reading the reviews and didn't believe them--- Great sushi in this location???
Cant be.
Alas, the rolls, sashimi, children's bento box were all very fresh, tasty, not chewy nor fishy smell.
Service was excellent, my water was filled three times!
Reasonably priced and not teeny bopperized like Ra Sushi.
The ONLY small complaint, no milk for my six year old.
I guess  that would taste gross anyway.

