These girls knew EXACLLY what to do to enhance all my best features and make me feel amazing !
They drive to you , supply everything and Know their stuff!
Can't wait till next time I need hair and makeup!
I recommend the airbrush!

Chikis is just THE BEST no one else touch my hair.
A ti quien te peina?

Great gals who not only help you getting ready for a special occasion, but give you helpful tips of how to look your best!

What an amazing experience.
It was a wedding party event.
The ladies we're just amazing.
we all look so beautiful.
They honestly made me look 10 years younger.

We found this awesome crew through The Knot.
They came to our hotel and helped all of us ladies look wonderful for my best friend's wedding.
The bride looks stunning with the most gorgeous makeup and hair.
The stylists are professional and very skilled.
The prices are great too!
I definitely recommend.
Love it!

My sister was getting married here in Las Vegas and we decided to all get our makeup/hair done for this special event!
The lady's that came were amazing.
If you didn't like something they fixed it, if you need ideas they had them!
I would 100% recommend them to anyone.
Amazing lady's and thank you for making me look beautiful!

I couldn't be happier with my sister's choice in two amazing artists!
Being from out of town it's so difficult to find people you can trust with your appearance - I now have been transformed into a 20s starlet!
Thank you ladies for taking so much time, for being so engaging and for all the suggestions that we never would have thought of!!

Let me just start by saying Esther and Celeste are amazing!
I got married just this last weekend in Vegas and still wanted to keep things traditional and had a full wedding party.
I found pink hare through their great reviews ok the knot and boy did they exceed my expectations!
Esther and Celeste showed up on time never rushed and pumped out 6 women in just under 6 hours with enough time to put the finishing touches on!
They were amazing, like girlfriends.
Come on ladies this is your big day, the last things you need to awkwardness in your room!
At the end you almost want to ask them to be on of your bridesmaids!!!
I felt like the most beautiful bride that night.
My hair and makeup looking amazing and came out awesome in pictures!
Exactly what I dreamed!
Oh and it stayed!
Never smudged or melted!
They have many incentives and felt it was extremely reasonable for the services included!
A serious recommend to all your beauty needs in Vegas!
Thanks again Esther and Celeste!
I felt like a million bucks!

