Super fast!
I came at 3:35pm on a Tuesday and was done in 15 minutes.
Have your payment in hand because it really is that fast.
Receipt is your certificate of testing.
You can pay your registration online after that.
If you prefer, you can take the certificate  to the AAA office and get the registration and sticker right away for a $7 fee.
I'm happy that I don't have to think about it any more!

The last time I went though $30 that fast I was sitting at a Black Jack table in Las Vegas, split a pair of aces against a dealer's five, and still managed to lose the hand.
The website showed that the waiting time for an emissions test at this location at 1pm on a Tuesday would be four minutes.
I honestly don't think it that long.
I pulled up to the gate, pressed the button for a ticket, and drove straight into the garage.
The guy stuck some sort of an outlet under the dash of my car, looked at the gas tank, charged me $27.75, gave me a certificate stating that my car passed, and sent me on my way.
The second they give you that certificate you can go to servicearizona.com and finish your license plate renewal.
While I think it's ludicrous that a five year old car needs an emissions check (which is not what this review is about), at least it was as painless of a process as possible.

Hello,  I pulled into this ADEQ on Deer Valley  on 3/6/14 and was not very happy with their service.
The inspector was #M15 3 - 5525 he asked me to step out of the vehicle or jump over to the passenger side.
Which I felt was very odd of him - then he asked me to step out of the car and walk over to the booth with a sliding glass door.
When he jumped into my car he did not tell me to leave the keys so he came in the booth to ask me for it.
Then he yelled out the amount that I would need to pay, for the emission.
I looked in my purse and realized that I had left my id and my credit cards in my other purse.
I had already written the check and then he said did I have a credit card I told him no that I had left my credit card in the same purse.
I proceeded to walk to my car as he clicked on the system that I had no means to pay the emission so the emissions was rejected.
Then as I was leaving he shouted come back when you have money.
I thought that was really not necessary for him to tell me since it was already established when the emission was refused.
He seemed very unconcerned and detached from the realty of life's circumstances.
I forgot my wallet not that I don't have money!

