The North Bridge Brasserie is part of the Scotsman Hotel - a beautiful, period building that is impressive from the outside, and even more so in the inside when you get lost wandering from the main brasserie, all slick dark wood, to the reception, past some regal looking marble stairs, and then are led down an darkish corridor to a hidden, room that suddenly open up into brightness, light, pastel colours, creams and pink lillies on the table - a room that is reserved specifically for afternoon tea.
I have something of a Victoriana fetish.
After reading "A Little Princess" when I was 8, I wanted to be the little princess.
After reading "The Secret Garden" I used to hope and pray I would find a secret door in our old walled garden leading to a hidden garden.
Whilst it was an age that wasn't kind to women, I still have fantasies of dressing up in period dresses, with a morning dress for breakfast in the morning room, a going out dress with umbrella and hat for a stroll in the garden, and then a lighter frock that matches the colours of the upholstery in the afternoon tea room.
That last paragraph wasn't essential to this review, but it gives some context to why I was so enamoured with afternoon tea at the North Bridge Brasserie.
The hidden room you can only be led to for your afternoon tea is a delight, and the setting and service is definitely the closest to the old-fashioned style of afternoon tea anywhere I've found in Edinburgh.
Many places do afternoon tea, offering the three tiered cake stand with scones, cake, sandwiches and tea.
But that's just the food.
What the North Bridge Brasserie offered was the whole experience.
THey set up a table for 12 people and took all our orders, accomodating gluten free, vegetarian and no-fish.
They then brought us all our afternoon delights.
Rather than putting everything on individual, or between two, cake stands, they brought out all the sandwiches, then all the scones, then all the cakes.
This was more practical, although did take away from the lovely feeling of 'all my food on one cake stand' slightly.
I had the gluten free option, shared with Claire L. The sandwiches, well - you couldn't tell the difference between the gluten free bread and regular.
THe scones, whilst slightly smaller than the regular scones, were equally delicious and you couldn't tell they were gluten free.
I can't really complain about the size of the scones, as there was so much food we got several doggie bags to take home after.
6 finger sandwiches each, a huge scone, and at least 5 or 6 mini cakes which were all very rich.
On the gluten free cake stand there was the 'dime bar cake' made with almonds (Claire L tells me you can buy this in from supermarkets and at Ikea), a white fudge, chocolate truffle, cranachan, chocolate brownie, mini meringue with lemon curd... A lot of cakes!
I was envious at the lack of carrot cake, and wonder if they could add more 'sponge like' gluten free options to the gluten free cake stand, using gluten free flour.
But again, I can't complain as it was all lovely.
The tea itself was really the only less-than-lovely exprience.
Many people ordered earl grey, myself included.
It was very weak, no matter how long we let it brew, and was distinctly lacking the earl grey flavour.
It was just...weak all over.
There is nothing more pleasurable than a sip of scented, bergamot earl grey tea followed by a bite of a scone lathered in clotted cream and jam.
It is afternoon tea after all, with the emphasis on the tea.
So the fact that this tea was perhaps stale and lacking flavour was a bit sad, and was a noticeable drop in standard, given the rest of it was all exquisite.
However, I would definitely return and perhaps get a regular, stronger tea.
This would be my highest recommendation for afternoon tea in the city.
It's central (a 2 minute walk from Waverely Train Station), in a gorgeous building fitting to the tradition, and in a beautiful room with light, open windows, with delicious, home-made food and very attentive, kind service.
£16.95 per person for the regular afternoon tea, and £20.95 for a glass of prosecco.
Rather splendid.

* Note: The Scotsman Hotel has the same review as I was unaware that North Bridge Brasserie is part of the hotel.
*  This is a great venue for many occasions, this occasion was an afternoon tea with some Yelpers in one of the function rooms.
It was a nice big banquet table set up and we were brought to the room by one of the bartenders.
We were then handed to the very capable hands of a function manager - she took our coats and  sat us down.
we were sat on a table with full linen and (porcelain?
) crockery.
Our water glasses were promptly filled.
Once we all sat down she placed the napkin and took our tea orders.
They had a full complement of loose teas.
I went for the famous Scotsman breakfast and an additional Jasmine green tea.
These are served in full sized classic teapots and strainers.
She also fully explained the delight that were served to us - after ensuring that there were any dietary requirements.
Scones, clotted cream, sliders, bon bons, profiteroles, soldier cut crust-less sandwiches with salmon cucumber, egg, ham, cheese and also some flap jacks and carrot cakes.
The acoustics of the room allowed for a conversation to be followed from all over the table without getting too loud., although the level of conversation topics was at times a bit questionable, but that cannot be attributed to the Scotsman :o)  I had a wonderful time and relay enjoyed the visit.
This is something i would be proud to take my mum to when she visits Edinburgh!

The North Bridge Brasserie is the restaurant within the Scotsman hotel, so if you are thinking of tea at the Scotsman, this is where you'll end up.
It's a bit confusing, but none-the-less delicious, regardless of what you call it!
We had afternoon tea here, and it was all delicious and well-served.
The sandwiches are what you would usually expect - egg salad, chives and sour cream and cucumber, ham with mustard, and something else that I can't remember but was definitely Scottish.
The scones were delicious, and made even better so with jam and clotted cream.
But honestly, what isn't better with jam and clotted cream?
(I can hear my doctor wince as I write that sentence, but hey, it's a holiday, right?).
We made a reservation in advance, but on the day we were there at 16:00 it wasn't particularly busy.
The teas were excellent and the service was great.
They indulged us with group photos, were accomodating to our particular requests, and overall made for a delightful afternoon tea experience.

I'd booked her for afternoon tea, and then on the day my drive shaft decided it didn't want to drive any more so snapped in half.
North Bridge were really decent about the minute cancellation, so I re-booked for here a couple of weeks back.
One thing I hate about going to Edinburgh is the stairs, but North Bridge has a secret street level entrance just outside Waverley Station.
You need to get buzzed in so I felt like I'd passed some kind of test when I was allowed in.
Then there's an elevator to take you up the four stories to the level where afternoon tea is served (it's the street entrance off North Bridge, which gives you an idea of how ridiculous Edinburgh is.
No wonder I get lost every time I go there).
The afternoon dining area is pretty nice although definitely has the feel of a hotel restaurant.
The tables are a bit too cramped for four ladies afternoon tea-ing at the same time.
For £19.95 per person you get a tower of treats between two people including all the usual suspects - sandwiches, desserts, scones and tea or coffee.
I opted for a gluten free option and was pretty impressed at the selection - it all looked pretty delicious.
The sandwiches were nice (although egg mayo sandwiches should be outlawed) but I was let down by the scone which was a little rock-like and hard to eat.
The desserts on the top were pretty lovely and I liked the lemon posset the most.
Service was fine, and the place wasn't particularly noisy.
I guess I just left with a little bit of a meh feeling about the food and wouldn't rush to return as it just wasn't the amazing afternoon tea experience I'd hoped for.

