I just moved here from Philly and popped into a few different bike shops to try and find my new NV spot.
I was having my Cannondale shipped out and wanted to find a shop to not only put it together, but also give me some guidance on trails, groups and desert advice.
After a few shops were condescending or flakey, I found myself at McGhies.
The second we walked in, we were approached.
I think his name was Kyle- he was not only super helpful, he was relaxed and not your average bike snob.
They built my bike in a just a few hours, didn't try and upsell me on anything and Roxana gave me a great fit.
My boyfriend is going back to get a bike next week because of their welcoming attitude, knowledge and vibe.
Thank guys!

As a newbie road cyclist, I need a number of things to make my rides more fun.
Like, clothes.
I don't have any cold weather items such as gloves, tights, and a jacket.
Since I was near this McGhie's, I decided to check it out.
The shop is brand new -- clean, bright, large -- and had a decent, but not huge, selection of cycling apparel.
The very nice salesperson (Jayme, I believe was his name) was super patient and affable as he showed me different jackets and accessories.
He even looked up the items online to confirm specific fabric content.
In the end, I bought a lovely Castelli jacket, perfect for keeping me warm while looking like I know what I'm doing on my bike!

This spot is pretty nice and so close by.
We stopped by to shop for a snowboard jacket.
The gentlemen that worked there is very friendly and super helpful.
They also carry many functional snowboard gloves.
Prices are hefty, but that comes with the quality of the items that they sell.
My eyes also scanned all the bikes and parts that they offer, which I will have to revisit.
Though I walked out not buying anything, I will definitely return after I do my review of the most suited snowboard jacket for myself.

Amazing place!
Picked up my snowboard, boots, and bindings from here.
The guy that helped me was extremely knowledgable and helpful.

I bought a bike on Craigslist (Trek Madone 5.2) a few days earlier in Los Angeles.
When I rode the bike for the first time I was in serious pain.
I thought I bought the wrong size.
Jayme help with my fit and did a great job.
We didn't do the Guru fit but I can't image it being any better.
Thanks for the help and I will be back!

The husband and I wanted to find a new activity to enjoy together.
Well, we have the perfect weather here to get a decent pair of bikes.
Before walking in, we weren't sure what to expect but I kept my fingers crossed!
Immediately walking through the door we were greeted by Jim.
We told him we weren't the most experienced in buying bikes and didn't know what to look for.
He was so informative and helpful.
Plus he didn't try to sell us something we weren't in the market for.
They can get pretty pricey.
I didn't realize the new innovations they have made since my last bike purchase.
We test rode some of their models in the store.
Since I'm so short, I needed the smallest frame for an adult bike they make.
They didn't have any there in the store so he had no problem ordering it for me.
After the order, they were available to pick up only 2 days later!
Wow!
With the purchase, you get 10% off an item, free flat tire fix and free tune up within a year of purchase.
Did I know that the brake cables loosen within a year?
Nope but it's going to be adjusted for free!
Needless to say there is great customer service here.
I would recommend them to anyone.

So, I had a horrible experience with McGhies that I had to write about because I want others to know what could possibly happen to them.
I have a Trek 5.2 road bike that was involved in a recall with the front brake.
Trek required the affected bikes be taken to an authorized dealer to have the brake fixed.
Since I had been to McGhies many times in the past and purchased thousands of dollars worth of stuff from them I thought that would be a good place to have the warranty work done.
When I dropped of the bike for the warranty work they said that they had not sold bikes involved in the recall.
I told them that I purchased the bike at a store out of state and then that is when the questioning began.
(Guess they didn't want to deal with a bike they did not originally sell) They were rude (Jayme) and began taking pictures of the serial number and questioning me about where I got the bike and when I purchased it etc.
They looked up the serial number and found that indeed my bike was a recalled bike.
After about an hour of this they wrote a repair order and said that they would let me know what Trek said.
Two weeks later and having not heard from them I asked Trek if they could just send me the new part.
Trek said they would find out what was going on with my replacement part.
When Trek responded they said the part had been delivered to McGhies a week prior.
I called McGhies and they said that they did have the part.
I took the bike in and when I picked up the bike they said the brake cable was bad and showed me how the cable had unraveled all the way to the ferrule and they had to replace it.
The teflon coated Jagwire cable I had on my bike was practically new and they replaced it with a stock Shimano cable.
They then charged me for a new brake cable even though the bike was in under a warranty recall.
$5.40 for a Shimano cable!
Most expensive cable I have ever purchased.
To do the warranty work they didn't even need to pull the cable.
Not sure why they did.
Not only that but they put greasy finger prints all over the bike and messed with the adjustment of the rear brake which now does not brake correctly.
They put oil on the brakes which is dripping all over.
I don't know what else they messed with but they should never have touched anything other than the recalled part.
I will never go back to any McGhies location.
I would rather walk then deal with them again.

My problem was not with the cost or time but the rude and unprofessional manner the staff treated me with.
Having said that, I appreciate the offer to make things right.

Was shopping around to get a mountain bike for myself since my BF has one and he really wanted me to join him.
We had stopped at a few other places before pulling off the freeway to take a look here.
I was rather hesitant even looking since i am not the most coordinated person on the earth, so i wasnt really feeling comfortable at any of the other places we had stopped at because the sales guys didnt make me feel that way... make sense?
When we got here, i was a little stand off-ish like before, but then JR came up to help and honestly was the first guy i came across that night that i was able to actually talk with and feel more open to the idea.
We went on the test ride and he didnt rush me, let me go for however long i wanted and really told me how to adjust the gears and how and when to use them.
I walked out of that place with a bike that i really liked, even my BF said it was a good bike!!!
Took it out for its first ride last night and i will admit.... i have a lot to get used to... but i totally see myself on it a lot in the near future and back at this store also!

I was flying into Las Vegas for a week and wanted to rent a hybrid bike to go riding with my dad.
I found McGhie's, and wanted to rent from the Henderson store, since it was closer to my hotel and Lake Meade.
But their hybrid bike rentals are handled by another location.
So, I contacted the store and found it wasn't a problem!
The arranged for the bike to be delivered to their Henderson store.
I arrived in Henderson and was met by some very pleasant staff who helped me get fitted on the bike, passed over a helmet, and I was off.
I had a great week riding around Las Vegas, Lake Meade, etc., and returned the bike.
Equally easy return and the pleasant and helpful staff had me on my way in minutes.
Thank you for a great rental experience.
I'll be back again, I'm sure!

