Hands down these guys have the best al pastor taco I've eaten in Las Vegas.
We can quibble about texture, moisture, seasonings, and toppings, but I cannot believe that anyone is doing it better than Taco Tijuana.
They've been open for about a week and today was the first chance I go to stop in and see what Taco Tijuana (TT) is all about.
When you walk in things are a bit confusing.
There was only one other family when we arrived, but we had a time trying to figure out where to go to order.
That is not a negative.
Just an observation.
What seemed a bit confusing to me, could easily be a specific method for keeping the taco ordering flow moving smoothly when they get busy.
A sweet employee can to our aide and chatted with us while we were deciding and ordering.
Like many places they have a few different stations.
The gentleman at the pastor station offered us a sample and I stayed there and ordered the rest of my meal.
Can we have a moment of silence for the al pastor?
The tortillas are homemade and soft from oil and heat if the grill.
The meat itself was succulent and delightfully seasoned (ancho chilies?
cumin?
) and had a bit of char still on the edges.
If you haven't had an al pastor taco, it's a distant cousin to to Lebanese shwarma--both use the vertical spit.
The Mexican version consists of pork cooked with pineapple to bring out the sweetness in the meat.
At TT they top the taco with a dab if salsa and some light green sauce.
Was it a thin guacamole?
I honestly don't know.
It had a hint of cilantro and chile.
But with the ingredients combined, that taco hit every note.
It's been a while since I had tacos in Tijuana.
But TT has captured the soul that I remember in a small bite.
The suadero taco was well prepared.
It's a tougher piece of meat, but you wouldn't know it from the taco at TT.
Their meat was moist and very tender.
It lacked a bit of flavor (which the meat generally has), but TT wisely adds a different topping to this taco.
They added a thinner, spicier salsa atop the suadero.
It was a lovely bite.
The asada taco was not extraordinary, but it was nice enough.The meat was nicely seasoned and it was topped with a simple, fresh salsa.
The staff was kind and added extra meat (without us asking) to a skimpy looking taco.
In addition, they gave us roasted peppers and onions for free.
I don't expect that to last long.
In short, this place was delicious.
I cannot wait to go back.

Really good adobada tacos really close to tacos el gordo ones .. Fresh meat fresh sauce and tortillas !
Really good place I will come back soon !
They had other options in the menu for those who like lengua buche and all those things !
Go try it !

Is it tasty?!?
Is it scrumptious!?!
Is it CRUNCHABLE!?!
Score another point for the EASTCYDE Precious!
So Mikey Elite tells me of a new taco joint on EASTCYDE Trop.
I'll pho'ks with it.
Turns out to be a brand new spot.
Three weeks old and kill'n it.
We are already looking at the marinated pork on the spit.
The young lady immediately gives us a sample of the goods.
Probably the most flavorful marinated pork I've had in Vegas and the most greaziest.
I wish I had the appetite that day to eat a whole bunch, but I had eaten earlier.
My great friend buys me three and they were devoured soon after.
The place has a simple, but clean setup.
A lot of Mexican street fare taco joints are popping up in the valley which is great for the taco head in you.
Haha Mikey C!!!
It's getting hot, so that brick and mortar and AC is looking very accommodating.
Combo that with dem tacos and you got a happy customer.
I think the only thing missing is that Orange Bang to set dem tacos off.
Great food!
Great place!
Great customer service!
EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!

Taco Tijuana!
You put up a great fight in the Al Pastor competition across Vegas!
They serve it a little differently here...in longer thick slices packed with tons of flavor and a bit of oily greasy goodness!
It is one of my favorites I have tried so far!
Phone pic of the food :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-tijuana-las-vegas?select=EGGX6jC6xsVX50rcKs2Xfg#EGGX6jC6xsVX50rcKs2Xfg  Too bad the rest of the meats didn't hold their own though IMO.
The chorizo is served somewhat dry like Gordo...not much juices or fat going on.
The asada was good just like the lengua, but we have had better around town.
I think their salsa here needs a little extra love!
It's a little more bland than I would prefer.
Service was friendly, and the bang for your buck is good...$2 for pretty much any taco seems like the going rate, and the amount given is fair.
And since it is a brick and mortar place, it is more comfortable to eat at compared to a taco truck, with clean tables, highchairs, and the like.
The al pastor is easily worth the drive!
Give it a try and see for yourself!
I believe they are open till 1am most nights!

Is it possible to give 5 stars to a taqueria on my first visit?
HELLZ YEAH!!!!
We drove pass this place on our way to Taco Taco.
After our A-OK visit, we back tracked and decided to give Taco Tijuana a go.
Immediately as we step inside, The HOSTESS starts explaining the menu items to us...Cool!?
We step up to peruse the menu board, and the other two cooks start offering suggestions!?
I'm thinking WOW, what service!?
Any time I see an Al pastor/Adobada Carousel, that immediately becomes one taco choice, Don't forget to request it with pineapple!
Another favorite of mine is crispity, crunchity tripas, so I request it extra crispy, along with a lengua.
Wifey was quite stuffed from our previous stop, so she just got a cheese quesadilla.
The best way I can describe this set up is a condensed set up of El Gordo.
They don't have a salsa bar, just limes and radishes but I'm sure they can hook you up with salsa upon request.
The grilled chiles and scallions are complimentary which goes well with the tacos, and they're pretty generous with the meats here.
The Lengua was topped with a salsa verde which was very soft, tender, and tasty.
The Adobada was very flavorful and is way better than Gordo's IMO....The Tripa was served with salsa rojo and so perfectly crispy, that gave me the "Exorcist Effect" (You know, where Linda Blair's eyes roll to the back of her head?
) that's how great that first bite was, and I was happy to find my new favorite taco de tripa in town!
Stellar service until the end-they delivered our order to us, got more napkins for us check on us  periodically and even emptied our trays for us...absolutely some of the best service ever.Cannot wait to return!.....
GET  THE TRIPA TACO EXTRA CRISPY....YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!ALOHA!!!!
YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(97/100) "New Taco Sheriff In Town"

Better than Taco Taco and Tacos El Gordo?
I don't think so!
Taco Taco has much better Al Pastor and tortillas.
Taco Tijuana is extremely generous with their meat unlike TEG where they are a little stingy.
But quality counts more than quantity and I feel that Taco Tijuana is one rung down from the top two places.
Probably deserves a solid 3.5 star rating.
Taco Taco is still #1.
BTW, MUCHAS GRACIAS to whomever wrote these two magic words here on Yelp; "bien doradito" has changed my life so much for the better.

I stopped by this place randomly.. All I have to say they are close or even better than tijuana tacos.
I had a Carne asada, tripas, and buche, meat is flavored and juicy.
two thumbs up on this one.
i soooooo recommend this place.

After driving past Tacos Tijuana almost every day, my girlfriend and I decided to stop in and try the food and I must say, we were happy we did.
The food was very good (Tacos de Adobada, Tacos de Asada and Tacos de Sesos).
Service from ALL of the staff was excellent!
Denise, Mike and Benjamin were awesome.
Mike made us feel welcome with a warm greeting and inquired about our visit.
Benjamin and Denise helped us decide what to eat with no hesitation as well as providing us with a welcome greeting upon our first step into the restaurant.
We WILL be back!
Thanks guys.

Taco Tijuana, you have made me a firm believer that not all El Pastor is created equal.
On my first visit I tried the El Pastor, Cabeza, and Lengua tacos.
Man the tenderness and flavor of all three meats were good down to the last bite!
The El Pastor had tons of flavor and it still had the juices to it.
A little greasy but isn't that what gives it its juicy flavor?
All their tacos are 2 bucks except for one which is 2.25.
I think its either the Cabeza or Lengua.
Another plus is that they ask you if you want grilled chiles and green onions to go with your tacos.
Hell yeah!
Why would you say no to such grilled goodness?
Also don't forget about asking for a little slice of pineapple to add to your Pastor Tacos.
Gives it that little bit of sweet kick to it.
As for their extra fixins, well all they have are cut up limes and sliced radishes.
I was hoping they would have more options like onions, cilantro, and salsa along with pickled jalapenos and carrots.
Im sure for the salsa you can ask for some on the side.
This is probably the only area where they lose the one star because there are other places where you get all these readily accessible.
Service is something worth mentioning.
From the moment you walk in you are greeted with a "Hola!
Buenos Tardes/Noches!
" If you just so happen to eat there, they usually come around asking if everything is ok and grab your empty tray of garbage to put away if you are done.
These little things that they do actually go a long way in regards to remembering a pleasant experience.
Some tidbits: From memory I recall them having about 8 booths inside and a couple tables outside, so at really busy times you might not be able to even sit down to eat.
Their two bathrooms are singular, meaning you can only have one gal and guy occupying them at one time.
For their drinks you have Pepsi products, Tamarindo, Jamaica, Horchata, and Pina.
Im wondering why they don't have Orange Bang.
The hours they are open are not quite established yet and its obvious for they don't have anything on their doors to indicate this.
For now what they have told me is that they open everyday at 10 am and close at 2 am on Friday and Saturday nights.
I recommend that you give them a call before heading out there the other days if you are out and about late so you don't make a wasted trip.
So overall, TT you will win the battle with Arby's next door most days because I do happen to like a roast beef sandwich every now and then.
But to most people, El Pastor will beat out roast beef any day and I don't blame them.

Opened 15 days ago...food and service are amazing....tripa(tripe) tacos are the best.
And you can see for yourself as they will offer you a sample of any meat selection offered.
I will say that if you enjoy crispy tripa you will have to ask.
First time here this type of taco was amazing but the second time around the tripa was not crispy so we thought maybe we need to remind them that we would like it crispy, so we ordered a couple more EXTRA crispy we told the gentleman and he confirmed our order.
Unfortunately they were still not crispy but instead kind of chewy.
Since I know the first time was perfect I will continue to come back again besides the services is like no other!

What!?
Another good food place in my old hood.
Man.
A swear this area is getting a lot foodier ever since I moved from there.
Ok so do you really want me to compare Taco Tijuana and Taco Taco!?
Or how about Tacos El Gordo, notice how I still haven't written my review for Tacos El Gordo I'll get to it eventually.
Taco Tijuana setup shop in the former Farm Basket place it is a small place.
I came here one night and well the parking lot was DARK, not well lit at all and hard to see parking lines.
The best lit parking is next to the bus stop.
There's a couple tables and chairs outside to enjoy your tacos on a nice cool night or if you want during those 100+ degree days.
When I came there was another only one other person eating which ended up being an employee.
There were 2 ladies tending the cashier and a handful of guys in the kitchen area.
The guy at the counter was pretty friendly and so was the one cashier that rang me up.
Having already eaten at another taco place earlier I still had room for more and wanted to try something different.
Looked at the menu and asked about 2 items that just looked different to me, I don't speak Spanish so it was pretty easy, just ask for something I've never ordered.
I asked about the adobada and he pointed to the layers of pork meat on spit.
My response was "Oh cool I'll have that.
" I'm so confused now I needed to Google it and I'm still confused, all good as long as it taste good.
For my second taco I just asked if they had a shoulder and how it was.
I ended up ordering it.
So my two orders were Taco De Adobada and Taco De Suadero http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-tijuana-las-vegas?select=2Yf2rbXK2qiaTDXpn4ZjFA#eFPW_eaFgixHKQKHNrkFbA both were very delicious, tender, topped with cilantro, onion, and their own sauce.
No pineapple but I guess you have to ask for it.
It also came with some freshly hot of the grill green onions and pepper.
After placing my order the cashier rang me up, she asked if I wanted to cup for soda and I said no.
Well she gave me a cup and I paid thinking it was a cup for water.
After looking at the receipt I noticed that I was charged for the soda, I just took the cup proceeded to the drink dispenser.
On my way to the drink dispenser I noticed the condiment area being pretty disappointing so I skipped it.
The drinks varied from your regular soda to Mexican drinks.
Not going to lie I do prefer these tacos by themselves, the way they were served to me, versus the other new taco spot down the road but as a whole I like the other guys more cause like those AT&T commercials MORE IS BETTER.
Both places make good tacos though and I'd eat at both so it's just a matter of what I feel like eating at the time.

Just came here a few days ago.
I was expecting a lot better.
I wish the rating score would also do 1/2 points because if it did this review would be a 3.5.
I ordered 2 tacos de adobada (spicy pork), 1 tongue, and 1 tripe.
I ordered my tacos with everything which is cilantro, onion and salsa.
The adobada tacos were good.
I was not a huge fan of the tortillas.
They somewhat have a flavor that regular tacos do not have, not even tacos in Mexico.
The tongue taco was ok.
The tongue was just not too flavorful (probably not seasoned enough with salt).
The tripe taco made me disappointed.
The tortilla to this taco was warm because they had just warmed it up but the tripe was kind of cold :( which was sad because these are my favorite tacos.
The color of the lard was white with clearly shows also that the tripe was cold.
My tacos came with grilled onions and peppers.
These were good.
Up to now, the best tacos in Las Vegas are still the ones on Lamb and Bonanza.
Las Taquizas.
I am trying different tacos in Vegas to see if I find any better but so far those are the best.
If I am ever in the area, and really wanted tacos, I would give this place another chance.

Lunch yesterday was a stop at Taco Tijuana.
The service is great.
The chef offered Eric R. a sample of the adobada.
He explained what everything was.
Eric R. ordered a mula with flour tortillas and suadero, and a cabeza taco.
The mula is like a tortilla sandwich with cheese and meat, so a deconstructed quesadilla of sorts, and comes with choice or corn or flour tortillas.
I ordered a lengua taco and a lengua sope.
The sope is like a corn cake that is stuffed with the meat, and here topped with a crispy corn chip.
The chef insisted we take an adobado taco con pina on the house, which was very nice but he did that only after I told him I do not eat pork.
Eric R. ate it.
There are radishes and limes but no salsa bar.
The lengua was delicious.
I have a hard time disliking any lengua taco in general, and this was very tasty.
The sope was great too - for me it was a fork-and-knife situation because it was very thick but too wide to lift up and bite.
Eric R. enjoyed his cabeza ("tastes like suadero" he said) and his mula.
He was so full but ate the adobada too.
We were only there for like 15 minutes but we smelled like burnt meat the rest of the day.
It was in my hair and my clothes, and same with my hubs - it was like we went to a local casino and smelled like smoke in a way.
Because of this affliction and the lack of a salsa bar, I knocked off a star.
Good food and great service, so enjoy!

Al pastor and carne asada are awesome.

This recently opened Mexican restaurant has received lots of love on the internet.
We ordered 4 adobada (marinated pork) street tacos that were finished with crema, cilantro, pineapple and a spicy red salsa.
The tacos were generously filled with thick slices of slightly fatty meat.
It proved to be a more convenient alternative to our beloved Tacos el Gordo.

( I think I'm the last customer)  The tacos al pastor are loaded, I think they need a tad bit more seasoning,  tripas between soft and crunchy .... too bad they close at 1am

The staff is wonderful, patient and outgoing every time I go.
The carne asada is sliced thin and the helpings are huge.
Love this place!

As few have posted already, their Al Pastor is ace.
Went in out of the blue on the way to Arby's -___- but seeing as how the building used to house my favorite nacho spot in the city (super burrito) I decided to return to this weird shack of a building.
I am so glad I did, their Tacos Al Pastor combined with the sauce they put in the taco is so ridiculously good, I'd compare it to Tacos El Gordo.
I love you weird shack of deliciousness and I hope this business stays open.

"Simple food cooked with fresh ingredients and passion, is sometimes the best food you can find" FOOD: My husband and I had 4 Al Pastor and after a free testing of Buche also had 4 of those.
The meats tasted great, they were hot to the touch and juicy as if just recently cooked.
The tortillas were also soft but not to the point were they would break with the heavy weight of the meats and toppings.
The salsas, both the red and green were very tasty, not too hot not to mild.
The mulas, which we had never had before are actually an upgrade from a regular quesadilla, which we loved!
The addition of melted cheese along with the meats and fresh guacamole made them a wonderful experience.
SERVICE: Service was exceptional, not only did they explain every cut of meat but offered a free tasting so we knew what we were ordering.
Yes, there are other Tijuana Style tacos out there, but the personal service and attention to detail made this one our best experiences yet.
SITTING AREA: I agree with the other reviewer, sitting may be an issue during peak times, but we were there at approximately 6pm on Thursday and we had a table with no issues.
PRICE: You can not beat a total bill of under $20 dollars for 8 tacos, 2 mulas and two free-refill drinks, to include Aguas Frescas if you choose, amongst the variety of sodas.
You can definitely bring the family for a great time and they will be full!
My only concern is that as with other "recently opened" places they will change in time, cut on the servings, forget about the customer service and raise their prices....unfortunately we have seen it too many times with both restaurants and grocery stores.
As for now, you have new faithful customers who will pass on the great experience to others!

Checked out Taco Tijuana again!
After my review on Yelp, management said that the old chorizo WAS store bought, and that's why it was not as flavorful and dry.
So they invited us back to give the new recipe a whirl!
The new chorizo definitely has more flavor...more spices in it, and more taste.
The consistency is still a bit on the dry side, but the seasoning makes it taste great :)  The Al Pastor didn't pack the same punch though...but still good!
It is still a bit oily/greasy compared to most, but that's a good thing!
Still a great place to get your taco fix!

As a Southern California Mexican, my expectations on Mexican fast food are through the roof.
This place didn't just meet my expectations, it exceeded them.
I'll start with the service.
The man in charge, I wish I had his name, was so kind and showed a real passion for his business.
He didn't just sit there annoyed at my European friends being unaware of what half the menu meant.
He explained every choice enthusiastically, and offered up suggestions that they'd be sure to love.
The food was top notch.
I was shocked, really.
The carne asada muleta exploded with flavor.
The beef was incredibly juicy.
The al pastor was nuts, slow roasting, and cut right off the bone similar to brazilian style birria.
All this for very reasonable prices.
I'd go back again anytime I find myself near the area.
If you live nearby, GO!

Went to Taco Tijuana on a Saturday afternoon.
The staff couldn't have been more friendly, very helpful in deciding which tacos to try.
I had the carne asada, adobada, and suadero.
Oh, and when I had eaten the adobada, I had to order another.
It was the clear winner.
Taco Tijuana doesn't have the usual salsa bar that most taco joints have, but they make the tacos with specific toppings, rather than just the onion/cilantro topping.
I loved this, I was more than happy to trust them with how to dress the tacos.
The carne was a little lacking in flavor for my tastes, but that doesn't mean I didn't care for it.
But, as noted above, the adobada was fantastic.
Tender with some good spice from the sauces.
The tacos are packed full, each bite has an abundance of toppings.
When I return, it will be a challenge not to order a bunch of adobada and nothing else....

The menu is all in Spanish.
I don't speak Spanish even though I'm hispanic.
While that sucks, this place doesn't.
Get the pork taco!!
Well, any taco is great.
This review is short, go there...NOW!

This place was totally amazing!
I couldn't understand anything on the menu, but the owner was behing the counter and ready to help.
We found this place on yelp while in town on vacation.
We didn't want Margaritaville to be our Mexican dining exoerience while in town, and I'm so glad we found this place!
Only about 10 minutes off the strip and totally worth the drive.
The owner is from Tijuana and this is how they do it there!
Try the pork in anyway that they serve it.
Its amazing!
Mexican soda's are really awesome as well!

If u love real mexican style street tacos with flavor this is yur place...their quesadilla de asada and pastor tacos are the real deal...yur mouth will water when savoring these delicious treats with meats...if ever in vegas this place is a must!

Ooooh yeah.
Just recovered from my $7 food-gasm.
This place is that good!
If my waistline could handle it, I'd eat here every day.
I love this place.
Their Adobada (al Pastor) tacos are the best, ask them with the grilled pina (pineapple).
But I love their carne asada tacos and their grilled cebollos (green onions, trust me, these are like crack).
The place itself is clean, but moreso set up for to-go orders.
You can watch the cooks prepare the tacos in front of you.
Everyone is always nice.
It is authentic, and caters more to the hispanic population that lives nearby.
Lengua and tripes, anyone?
All in all, I've visited probably a hundred taquerias in my life and at least a few dozen in Las Vegas, and Taco Tijuana is the best from recent memory.
5+ stars.

When I crave Mexican food, the flavors of their perfectly cooked meat and the freshness of their homemade tortillas is EXACTLY what I'm looking for.
They don't get skimpy with their meat, they don't waste time with beans or rice, they'll let you sample any of the meats before you order them, and they gladly explain what everything is for the unfortunate people like myself who don't speak Spanish.
I eat here at least once a month, and I eat the same thing every time, pork sopes with everything on it.
DELICIOUS!

Had there moolas yesterday.
Excellent, will drive here to get them again, the al pastor was dripping with flavor.

We ordered 4 adobada (pork marinated in red chili sauce with vinegar and various spices) street tacos and a soda.
Each taco included a generous quantity of lean meat, crema and cilantro.
This time we tried our tacos with and without the spicy salsa and ended up enjoying both.
We took a pass on the grilled scallions and peppers that were offered.
We found the staff to be uniformly friendly and helpful.
The restaurant seems to be struggling for business, but the tacos compare favorably to the city's best.

This place rocks....
Finally a real Mexican hole in the wall type place with real good food.

I went here with my dad on our way through Vegas.
Soon after we walked in we were greeted by the manager (?
) and he walked us through the simple menu in Spanish.
We went with Aldobadas and Lengua.
Both were very good, but my favorite was the Aldobadas with the pineapple slice.
The place looks too have opened recently.
It's small inside, simply decorated with bright colors.
The food kitchen is open so you could watch everything being made.
Taco prices were mostly 2$ ea.
The meat seemed good quality.
They are on the small side so expect to order 2 or more.

Everyone that works here is so nice!
Best tacos in Las Vegas my family and I will most definitely be going back again and again

Friendly service, but smaller selection & less flavor than Tacos y Taco down the street.

White Boy approved tasty Mexican treat!
5 Caliente Peppers!
The Al Pastor tacos are oh so delicious.
This street taco restaurant is friendly, fun and clean.
Drove through from the Hoover Dam trying to avoid traffic.
Worth including in your plans.

This place is awesome!
The staff greets you right away & seem real genuine!
They explained all the menu choices & even offered us some samples of the meat choices.
Very nice staff - excellent food - I'm craving this place right now - back to Vegas real soon!!!
Pinball Hall of Fame + Tacos Tijuana = Heaven :)))) See you soon!

The food was decent.
$2 a taco.
The other Yelp reviewa made this place sound 10x better than it was.
Being from the LA area this is no Taco Llama or Titos.

I was greeted as soon as I walked in, everyone was so nice and made me feel welcome!
That's a big plus!
Not to mention the tacos are to die for.
I've been to Tacos el Gordo and Taco y Taco, but I like Taco Tijuana so much better!
I had the adobada or al pastor tacos with everything.
The avocado creama and pineapple slice on them makes the marinade on the al pastor really come to life!
I ordered a burrito to go and can't wait to crack into it for lunch!!
If you're looking for great authentic tacos.
Taco Tijuana is the place!
I'll be a returning customer from now on!

A couple weeks ago, I took the wifey to Tacos El Gordo and got her hooked on al pastor.
Ever since then, she's wanting to try more and more taco spots with me.
Yeah, I know...awesome, right?!
Taco Tijuana came up on Talk a while back and we decided to hit it up.
It's a small joint located right off Eastern & Trop.
I imagine it gets busy in here at times and much like TEG, you might have trouble finding a seat during their peak times.
I ordered a couple adobada tacos and an asada taco.
The asada had great flavor and was spicier than most I've tried, but it was slightly dry.
I came here mainly for the adobada though and that's where the money's at.
It's a bit greasier then I'm used to but I think that only adds to the overall taco goodness.
It is extremely moist and tender, a bit spicier than most and like the asada, these guys really pack some meat on for $2!
About the only thing I didn't like about it was the pineapple.
I dig the pineapple sweetness with the spicy pork but if you look at the picture, they kinda just slap a big square stick of it on the taco.
I prefer the smaller chunks but I'm sure that can be requested.
They also have really great customer service.
Everyone was friendly and the restaurant was organized and clean.
The lack of a salsa bar is a bit disappointing but since the tacos were on point, it's not a huge deal.
If you're in the area, Taco Tijuana is definitely worth a stop!

The people here are so awesome.
We ordered and we were served right away.
There was enough meat in the carne asada tacos to make an extra taco!
Plus it had guacamole that other places charge extra for.
They are open late on the weekends too.
Great for that after party stop.
I will be back.

Not only some of the best food I've had in Las Vegas, but also the healthiest.
There's no deep frying going on here my friends.
The best Mexican food I've ever eaten in my life, and I'm from south Texas!
Being a local, I eat here as much as I can.
The tortillas are homemade right in front of you, the meat is cooked here, the salsa is amazing, my favorite are the cabesa tacos, which is meat of the head of the cow, which if you know anything about beef, that's where the most tender and flavorful juicy meat is.
I always buy at least 6.
No preservatives, no BS, just outstanding quality service, and some of the best food I've ever eaten.
Hands down.
No casino in vegas or any restaurant in vegas beats these tacos.
If you want to jizz in your pants, get $10 (because that's all you'll need to get full) and head over there and enjoy.

ONE AND ONLY TACO STOP We have experienced all the different Taquerias in the L V valley and as far as we are concerned the tacos here are "EL MEJOR SUPREMO"!!
In addition the staff is unbelievably friendly and the prices are hard to beat!

My wife and I stopped in after seeing a show and shared an order of (4) adobada street tacos and a soda.
These tacos are consistently good.
The staff has always been very friendly.
I was allowed to use a restaurant.com certificate though the restaurant has dropped out of the program.

This is the place for tacos!
Let me begin by saying being i'm an L.A native, this place reminds me of the taco restaurants from back home.
Their tacos "al pastor" are definitely worth trying.
They do have a taco plate meal which consists of; a plate of meat (depending on choice) that is accompanied by onions, cilantro, and about 5-6 tortillas, therefore you can create/ serve yourself your own tacos as you eat.
Their staff is very courteous and helpful.
I would definitely be returning to this restaurant upon my future visits to Vegas!

Would not honor my Restaurant.com coupon.
Poor customer service.
I came here with a measly $5 restaurant.com coupon, in order to be redeemed one had to purchase $7.50 worth of food, which shouldn't be a problem because each taco here costs $2+.
The girl ringing me up got her (what I assume to be) boss/owner/whatever on the phone and although I can only pick up a few words of Spanish here and there I knew what was going down.
After much consternation on her part (and by the cook) they decided they would not honor my coupon.
Why?
Because, and I quote, "They've been taking money from us.".
Whom?
Restaurant.com?
Well yes, I would assume so because they probably get a cut.
I pointed out there's no expiry date, but they were not impressed.
I've never had this happen to me before with a Restaurant.com coupon, but I've assumed it could happen.
Here's the thing though, I've had Restaurant.com coupons expire before.
The website alerts you to the fact the owner has stopped accepting the coupons and allows you to exchange your coupon for another.
Obviously Taco Tijuana just decided to stop honoring the coupons without telling Restaurant.com, which, in my mind is very bad form.
Especially for those that had already purchased the coupon with intention to buy eventually.
If it expires, or you don't want people coming in to use it - than just say so, don't leave people out in the lurch.
Also - here's another issue, if you have a customer that has a coupon from a reliable source, with no expiry date, shouldn't you just honor the coupon in order to keep a customer and save face?
I would.
In fact, I know a lot of very good establishments that would.
Especially when the price you would be eating was only $10.95 (minus $5) which bring us to a whopping $5.95 they would have had to just let go in order to honor my non-expired coupon.
That being said what I ordered and subsequently paid full price for, even though all I really wanted to do was ditch my order and go down the street to Taco y Taco.
2 Adobada Tacos 2 Lengua Tacos 1 "Especial" Quesadilla 1 Orange Jarittos  The adobada tacos were good, but definitely could have used more meat.
Spices were on point, but way too much freaking cilantro and onions.
Lengua was okay.
I've never had it before, so I'd be interested to see what it's like somewhere else before I make my final call on if I actually enjoy eating cow tongue tacos.
The especial quesadilla was disappointing.
Hardly any cheese at all, and mostly meat.
I asked for carne asada in it.
The carne asada was really spicy - like everything here.
You do not really need any salsas with these tacos because they are pre-seasoned to the spicy side.
There is no salsa bar.
They grill up onions/peppers for you and you get that with your order  Customer Service - 1 Star Food - 2 Stars Restaurant/Ambiance - 1 Star  Overall - I'll be taking my taco business back to Taco y Taco from here on out.

I'm visiting from Los Angeles and yelped Mexican cuisine while driving on tropicana.
This small hide out is very clean, cordial and overall appetizing.
I had the pork tacos, I didn't get crazy with the set plate options.
They have a guacamole sauce that seals the $2 deal!
Give it a try!

this place is good....but Tacos el Gordo is better :/

Best tacos in Las Vegas.
And I've tried quite a few.
While El Gordo is the big name joint, I think Taco Tijuana is better for two reasons.
One is freshness: for some reason El Gordo's taste a little old, while Taco Tijuana is always juicy and tender and amazing.
They have the same style and menu, so the nuance of preparation is key.
The second is portion.
Taco Tijuana tacos are MUCH larger, bursting with more meat, than their competition.
I was disappointed by the skinny taco I got at El Gordo last time.
You get double your money at this place, so it's become my go to, and I figured it was time I wrote them a much due review.
The staff is friendly as well.
Al Pastor, Cabeza, Lengua, and Buche are my favorites, in that order.

Started off at the outdoor swapmeet and is now a nice little restaurant.
Good quality food and restaurant is in the same style as el gordo.
Good if you want to avoid the crowds that's always at el gord

I decided to come here after driving past it so many times.
The first thing I noticed was their dull menu, no creativity what so ever.
I'm a graphic designer so for me precentation means a lot.
Anyway, I ordered a tripa and an al pastor.
I was the only one there, and it took them a good five minutes to prepare them.
Not only that, they messed up my order, they gave me a cabeza instead of tripa.
Very disappointed.
If I ever come back I'll know what to expect.

I stopped here because another reviewer mentioned the tacos were "authentic.
" I'm from Austin and have traveled down to and eaten in Mexico, and I've never had such a greasy mess of a taco.
Mexican food doesn't need to give you a heart attack to be good.
The polite, fast service and very clean tables redeem it one star, but I'd certainly look elsewhere for authentic Mexican tacos.

I stopped in for a quick bite , after seeing so many great reviews , I was having dinner a little later that evening , so it was just a quick snack to keep me tide over , I walked in and was greeted promptly by the cashier and kitchen staff , I ordered a quesidilla with adobada , and omg !!
The meat was a perfect balance of crispy pieces and juicy tender perfectly marinaded chunks of pork bliss !!
The quesidilla was made with slices of Mexican cheese and topped with a wonderful salsa that wasn't too spicy or weak !
It was also served with big chunks of grilled onions and a roasted chile !!
Flavor wise it needed nothing !!
The entire staff was very friendly , which goes a long way , not like taco y taco or la famosa Jose , both which are down the street & which I love their food but their service is spotty at best .
There is a small salsa bar area , which looks like it has cut limes and marinated carrots / onions but no salsas that I seen ,but as I said it needed none !!
I would frequent this place more if they had carnitas , which I didn't see on menu ??
But maybe they do have ??
The menu is mostly tacos , with many meat varieties , they do have burritos , nachos as well , but that is pretty much it I'm sure their tacos are the stars which I definetly will go back and try !

DELISH!!!
Great tacos.
Carne Asada and Al Pastor are delicious!!!
They also serve the grilled onions and peppers.
Everything is always fresh and the staff are super friendly.
It's a perfect little taco joint.
Once word of mouth spreads, this place will be BUSY!!!
I prefer it to the popular chain Tacos El Gordo.
The meat at Tacos Tijuana is tastier.

I read the reviews on yelp on this place a lot of people seemed to of liked this place.
First off the lady making my food wasn't wearing GLOVES i should of left right then and there absolutely ridiculous anyways ...
I ordered the pastor and I did not like it I didn't even finish it.
Ie never had pastor all I new was that it marinated meat I was expecting something awesome and I'll I got was the regular meat you get on the fries you order at tacos el Gordo .
The cilantro on the pastor wa ridiculous , cilantro is way to over powering and really it was the cilantro that killed the pastor and the whole disappointment of the whole dish .
I will not be returning and will not recommend this place to anyone .
Sorry  but tacos el Gordo still has my win

I'm so glad I tried this place.
Everything is fresh made and the prices are great.
The set up reminds me of Tacos El Gordo.
They offer asada, al pastor, lengua, buche and sosa tacos, burritos and sopas.
It's worth a stop by if your looking for tacos.
This location was a Farm Basket years ago (right behind Arbys).
PROS: Buche taco             Al Pastor taco             Lengua taco  CONS: Not much atmosphere inside.

Wow..
These tacos are one of the best Ive had.
Asada, alpastor, you name it.
I even tried the tripes and not a fan of this meat, but damm it was good.
Highly recommend this spot.. By the way, the service was also fast.

I've been eating these tacos at their location at the swap meet for years and it's soooo good!
I've been waiting for them to open up another location!
So happy they did!
Al pastor is better than TEG ( if you know tacos, you know what I'm referencing) everything I've had is bomb

