They do not do a bad job, they just do not listen to and can have some confusion about pricing.
Be very specific what you do not want trimmed and about the price.
I had Krysten argue the price another groomer quoted to me.
I am not sure who the owner was, but it was very awkward, when I mentioned that I was told I got a deal even though other local groomers charge much less for the same servic

We have taken our dog Abby here several times over the past year and a half.
They have always been very professional and do a great job with our cocker spaniel, Abby sometimes gets nervous around people and other dogs, but they really do a good job of keeping her calm and making her feel comfortable.
We have never had a problem with the price or any confusion with the quote and finished price..  We love Dolittles and highly recommended them.

I have been taking my Shihtzu, Charlie to Danielle since I got him.
She does a super, great job on him.
I took pictures in with me to show her what look I was hoping to get on Charlie and when I picked him up, he looked perfect!
Sometimes taking pictures can help avoid any confusion on what kind of cut you are looking for.
The only reason I gave four stars instead of five is for their hours.
I wish they had more convenient hours.
I would recommend this groomer.

Krystal at Dolittles is the only groomer that we will take our dog to.
All the groomers at the pet spa are always friendly and the facility itself is always clean and well kept.
We have a 130 lb.
great pyrenees and Krystal is amazing with him.
He is very difficult to deal with from time to time and she always makes him look great.
His grooming only takes  about 4 hours and they are very flexible with with pick up and drop offs.
They have excellent accommodations for Very Large dogs.

Have taken my 18 month old Goldendoodle Chesney here probably 8 times at this point.
Chesney is a large dog with a ton of curly hair.
We have always been pleased with the service here and when there was a minor issue during one of the appointments the owner was fantastic and couldn't have handled the situation any better.
Definitely give her a try.

