I found my favorite Mexican food finally.
Went here Friday night and came back Saturday for lunch.
I told the manager that I'd see him tomorrow.

Went here today and got the pork burrito.
The burrito was mostly beans and rice and hardly any pork.
My burrito was really bland and had no flavor except for a little sweet bite of pineapple every once in awhile.
If I am going to spend 7 dollars on a burrito I will go up the street to Chipotle, at least that has flavor.
I got their Brushfire salsa which has a flavor I don't care for (kind of plastic flavor).
The girl taking the order was really nice and the fact they just opened I gave them 2 stars.
I know sometimes it takes a little while to find your footing.
Hopefully they will invest in some seasoning or at best some salt.

EXCELLENT TACOS!!
My first vist, this place is friendly and the food was great.
They even have a fountain outside that keeps the atmosphere under the tent cool.
Good location next to a Coffee shop that has great coffee and the help speaks great english and doesn't get mad becuase you're white.
Drive thru so yea I love this place already!

Stopped in for a bite while visiting family.
The tacos are a good size and the meats are well seasoned and tasty.
The star of the show though was the empenada tapas and spicy mayo!
They were bursting with flavor and generously stuffed!
Service is great and food came out quick too!

Muy delicioso!
I've driven thru several times and each visit has left me happier than the last.
Brushfire offers a wide selection of tacos, each with specialized toppings.
I swoon for the adobado pork, which includes juicy bits of pineapple, spicy peppers, and cotija cheese in a flour tortilla.
If you want corn tortillas instead, ask.
Other tacos include chicken, carne asada, shrimp, and veggie, which has roasted peppers, red potatoes, mushrooms, and other bits.
Tacos can also be upgraded to burritos, bowls, or added to a flight.
Flights include your entree, fresh chips and your choice of five fresh salsas, a tapas and drink...and they not only have coke zero, they also have decent unsweetened iced tea.
Tapas options seem smaller recently, but are still crunchy bliss.
I love the shrimp, like the croquetas and empanadas, and haven't tried the roasted potatoes.
Service is speedy and super friendly.
This is a eat in the car sort of place, so ask for extra napkins and just relax.
You may just want to drive thru again for churros or flan.

