HMMMM, how should I begin a Review of this type......Oh yea, THIS KICKED ASS!
For One Price you get picked up at destination close to your place of residence then shuttled to three or more LOCAL Breweries all over the city where the Brew Masters are waiting to chat and sample you on all of their latest Craft Creations.
NEED MORE?
Ok, you also get lunch or dinner depending on the tour!
If you have ever eaten at any of the breweries in town you know the food is quite tasty so this is a BIG PLUS after all of the beer sampling.
THE BEST PART?
*It's all included!
The company owner John Alvarado and his drivers are friendly and knowledgeable, the shuttle buses are clean and orderly, the destinations are Carefully Chosen for Quality and when you plan on enjoying your evening with a few pints, nothing beats a designated driver.
Truly a Blast and Well Worth the Spend.
ARIZONA BREWERY TOURS ROCKS!
5 BIG TASTY STARS!

It was a pleasure working with the team at AZ Brewery Tours.
I reserved a private tour for a birthday celebration and John graciously put up with multitudes of emails from me during the planning and organizing, loaded me up with all of the info I needed, promptly responded to all of my questions, and set up an online link where my friends could reserve their seats on the tour which made my life much easier.
They accommodated my multiple pick-up locations and helped us map out the day to best suit our group.
Everything went off without a hitch.
We enjoyed all three stops - the staff at each were ready for us and fun to work with and the beer was delicious everywhere we went.
The only thing I would say is it went by too fast!
(Not that we needed more drinking time, however!
) The team on our bus was great, too!
All of our friends who were a part of the day reported to me that they had a great time.

AZ Brewery Tours is simply the BEST brewery tour in the state!
I spoke with John Alvarado (owner and tour guide extraordinaire) before buying my tickets.
He was great to speak with on the phone and followed up via e-mail to let me know when tickets would be available.
Since I work at a brewery in Indianapolis I was beyond excited for our tour and the day of I receive a phone call from John alerting me that me and my brother were the only two to purchase tickets that day and he gave me the option of rescheduling or going on a tour for two!
Since we were only in Phoenix that one day we went with just John and it was great!
First of all, John personally knows all the brewers and brewery staff, which really helps you feel welcomed and at home when you walk into the breweries.
John is beyond knowledgeable of beer talk and general conversation having traveled to many places (including a small town in Indiana where we bonded over the best fried chicken in the Midwest!
)  The tour was the perfect mix of tasting, meeting brewers, conversing and eating a wonderful meal.
That's right you get a full meal and pint on this trip in addition to all the amazing tastings.
Please don't balk at the price of this tour because it is all worth it.
This is an exemplary tour for beer geeks, those with slight knowledge and interest in brewing and the general fun-goer!
Cheers and enjoy :)

Truly such a wonderful experience.
I purchased this tour for my boyfriend and his dad for Christmas.
John the owner was so quick to get back to me and answer any questions I had.
I bought a Arizona Brewery Tours shirt from John as well.
Such amazing customer service!
My boyfriend and his dad went on the tour today.
They visited North Mountain Brewing, OHSO and Four Peaks Production Facility.
Both couldn't stop talking about what a great time they had.
They loved all the beer and the meal provided at one of the breweries.
Even more they were impressed with the customer service and knowledge of the owner of Arizona Brewery Tours John Alvarado.
They walked away from this tour with a great deal of knowledge about the breweries and beer.
Both of them would go again ANYDAY!
We even started talking about planning a private tour with a group of friends.
The price is unbelievable for this unforgettable experience.
I would recommend Arizona Brewery Tours to everyone who enjoys great beer and a fun experience!

