I LOVE the Balkan Bakery!
Easily the best bread products in Phoenix, produced on site every morning - so get in there early before they are sold out.
They are also now offering morning - lunchtime foods and sit in tables.

This guy makes the best stuff.
I love the Bureks!
Our fav is the spinach!
French bread is wonderful.
Do get there early.

what an amazing bakery!
and such a friendly family.

I didn't know they moved, but I passed their new location and thought, "oh another balkan bakery".
I showed up the following week and saw the friendly face of one of the workers (i think he may be the owner) and got a (i forget it's name), filo dough stuffed with spinach and feta cheese.
It's delicious.
That is one of the only things I really get here.
Sometimes i get the kisra which is a small boomerang shaped salty bread.
Really well priced and freshly baked, and obviously delicious bread.
Come back?
yes i do often.

Since moving here 8 years ago I've been trying to find a good bread bakery.
So glad I stopped by.
Daily fresh baked loafs of bread.
Not a big selection and that's so they don't have to cut corners.
Price is quite reasonable!
Half of what I expected to pay!
The cream puffs were amazing.
The salted bread stick (I think it's called Kafta) is incredibly soft and wonderful.
I'm headed home to cut a fat slice of my dark rye WITH NO CARAWAY SEEDS!
:)   I will be headed back for the balaclava soon soon soon

I'm glad I yelped.. Been looking for a good bakery for a while.
Must visit if you love fresh baked goods.
Really enjoyed their bread and cream puffs..

Get there early or call to reserve bread because they run out quickly.
I was there at 4pm and they were sold out of almost everything.

They have these hot pastries with a flaky croissant like crust that are stuffed with cheese, cheese and spinach, beef, or beef and potato that are AWESOME.
They also have different kinds of sweet desserts like tiramisu, baklava, cream puffs, and whatever the baker felt like making that day.
The rolls and pretzels are also fresh and tasty.
They also now serve coffee which I look forward to trying.
This is a family owned business and they are very friendly and do not judge you no matter how many sweets you buy.
They also will take the time to tell you what is in the different items and give you recommendations.
My recommendation is you try this place out.
Great service, good food, and reasonable prices.
They have made me a regular customer.

My family and I have been going to Balkan Bakery for two years now and its a great place for fresh baked bread.
Jay is always so helpful and nice.
They do run out of bread early, so get there fast.

The have a great selection of bread, desserts, and to accompany them, coffee.
The menu isn't huge but the few items they have are good.
The coffee (I had the cappuccino) was okay, nothing special.
The spinach burek (bread filled with spinach and cheese) was fantastic and so was the keks torta (chocolate coffee cake).
The service was excellent and the pricing was fair.
The place is pretty small but they have some seating outside if the seating inside is full.

