Came in for a deluxe pedicure while my car was at My Auto next door.
The pedicure included a scrub and a minty wrap that was tingly and refreshing.
I don't know that my feet have ever smelt so good.
My pedicurist, Kingston, also gave a fantastic foot massage.
PROS:  Everyone spoke English!
You'll never have a problem letting your manicurist know exactly what you want.
They even spoke English to each other so you know they aren't gossiping about your caveman feet.
Staff was really friendly.
They maintained good conversation when they were able.
Massage chairs here are much nicer than other nail salons I've been to.
Lots of options for tilting the chair and different types of pressure.
CONS: Pricy!
$60 before tip for a pedicure with French tip gels.
That's more than the alignment I had done!!
Would I be back?
Probably if I made more money.

Ivy does a wonderful job.
I first had a delightful pedicure and then went back the next week for my first gel manicure.
Highly satisfied.
Ivy is thorough and gentle.
Everything is clean and shiny.
Highly recommend.

If you were to encounter me in a public restroom while I was in the adjoining stall, you could easily mistake me for a velociraptor.
A velociraptor wearing flip flops.
That is what I bring to the pedicure table.
In addition to that fine quality, I am squirmy and I find pedicures uncomfortable.
Eventually, my dinosaur feet get particularly scaly and I seek professional help.
That critical moment arrived today.
So today is the day I tried out the Nail Bar.
So, before I get all critical and judgey, let me first say that fixing up gross feet all day has got to be a trying profession and kudos.
If you are a Justin Bieber fan, you'll love this place.
And by that I quite literally mean that there is a poster of Justin Bieber on the wall.
I'm not fervently pro or anti-Bieber, but I thought it was a little odd.
To sum up the atmosphere: I felt like I had been pinned to my daughters Facebook wall.
They were also quite excited to up-sell me gel polish.
In order for it to be worth $20 more, nail polish needs to be so amazing that I can use it to make me young enough to care about Justin Bieber.
But whatever, it was a slow day so the up-sell attempt is forgiven.
On to the nitty gritty of de-raptorzing my gross feet: The place was clean and the instruments were sanitized.
I also was not being manhandled, which is something I appreciate because when it comes to my feet I don't like it rough.
Overall the actual pedicure was done very well and was only minimally uncomfortable.
The polish was executed flawlessly.
The guy didn't try to have a conversation with me after he realized I wasn't interested.
The best part about it was the smell of all the potions and foot stuff!
Even the towels they used smelled freaking amazing!
Also, the guy seemed genuinely interested in not burning me with the towel, making sure the water wasn't too hot and making sure the polish wasn't smeared.
In other words, he gave a crap that his work didn't look terrible and that my discomfort was minimized.
Maybe next time I will let them up-sell me since obviously they are interested in the actual outcome of my claw-to-foot transition.
On the way out I payed and was surprised when I realized there was no way for me to tip.
Not only was this the case, but he hadn't told me I should run it a certain way if I wanted to tip!
SO.
AWKWARD.
They are losing a star for that.
I can forgive up-selling and the Bieber-abilia, but tips are industry standard!
Work it out so I don't feel like a jerk!

Friendly staff.
Reasonable prices.
Great services.
So glad I finally found a nail salon where they listen to what I want!

Nail Bar is a great nail salon.
I stumbled cross Ivy a few years ago and  I'm spoiled by her expertise, professionalism and especially her friendliness.
Nail Bar is extremely clean.
The utensils come in sterilized packages which they open in front of you.
The prices are reasonable.
I truly adore this salon!
Manager Shaun is so personable and has done such a great job with this salon.
Highly recommend.

I've lived in Vegas for 8 months & I have finally found a place that I'm 110% happy with!!
Ivy is AMAZING, listened to exactly what I wanted & gave me just that!
Everyone is so friendly here, very clean facility & my nails are absolutely PERFECT!!
The best part has to be their variety of gel polish colors, I already know what color I'm getting next time!

Love this place.
Finally a clean Salon.
Ivy was great with my nails,  I asked for a hard gel layer before applying my gel polish for more durability.
My pedicure was okay nothing dreamy but not bad in any way.
Gel toes and pedicure and gel nails was 80$  Good price.

Too bad i had to give a star but this place is the worst and maybe it's not the place but the technician wasn't  good at all.
If I'm paying my money then the service should match the price.
I think the lady next to me had better service than me.
Never will they get my money again.
This place is high as hell.

I walked in as a reg customer not telling them I was back because the manager contacted me but I must say I was very impressed.
My pedicure was great.
This time was way better than the first time.
The first time I got a deluxe service and this time was the basic and it was on point.
This may be my new nail spot.
I can kill 2 birds with one stone.
Get my car wash across the parking lot while I get my feet done.

I am sitting here getting my feet scrubbed, back pummeled and then asked, would I like a small glass of white or red wine?
I'm not in a casino salon.
They don't even do this in casino salons.
The last time I was here was two days ago.
Fabulous full set, almond shaped and gorgeous with the most gel colors I've seen in one place.
Shawn knows what the heck he's doing and why he does it that way.
That's very refreshing, to be able to give hands and feet over to someone who essentially is saying, don't worry about these.
I'm going to fix them.
My feet needed the attention now and this is the best massage chair ever.
It's not the wine talking, promise.
I'm going to melt now.
All the girls here are sweethearts too.
Now to convince them to add facials to the menu and I won't need to go anywhere else period!

My favorite place now ever!
Amazing gel acrylics !
Lots of selection, nice staff, ohhhh and wine!

I truly have a fear of nail salons, which I why I have been following my manicurist around town and paying fluctuating prices.
Relying on Yelp once again, I decided to give this salon a try and also to book an appointment with Ivy; I'm soooooo glad that I did.
This nail salon is super clean and are reasonably prices.
$35 for a gel manicure and $25 for a pedicure.
I opted to try the jello pedicure, which was pretty awesome.
Next time I will elect for a regular pedicure since I'm on a mission to save money.
I am not use to having many options for gel colors.
This salon has around 400 gel colors, there is a color for everyone.
I am so happy that I found a clean salon so close to my home.

I'm not sure if I caught a bad day or what happened exactly.
I went in on a Friday afternoon, 06/06/2014, to have a full set and a pedicure.
The woman who did my full set did an absolutely terrible job.
She complained to me about not being allowed to eat lunch and put on my acrylics poorly in less than 15 minutes so that she could go eat.
In less than 3 days all of my nails were lifting and chipped.
My cuticles were neither trimmed nor softened.
The nails are uneven.
Seriously shoddy work.
The pedicure ended up looking fine, however she did cut me twice.
When I called the following Monday to see if someone else could fix my nails, I was told that unless they could not be sure that I had not done something myself to lift the nails.
I would be charged for a normal fill and fix.
I will never go to this salon again.
UPDATE: the manager contacted me via yelp yesterday to try to fix the problem.
Due to that I have upped my rating to 2 stars.
I will, however, not be returning.
I'm not comfortable with someone who is upset with me going at my hands with a dremel.

This place is awesome!
Amazing customer service, very polite and gentle technicians- never have I had an experience like this before!
I def plan on coming here on a regular basis!

I just moved from Henderson and wanted a close by place for a pedicure.
Glad I called in an appointment because while the place is big they are understaffed.
2 other girls walked in behind me and had to wait 10 min for their appointment and had at least 2 people changing around to work on them   The hot towel massage is a joke.
For 35 at my old place you got a hot stone massage too.
I didn't like how this company didn t have a menu to choose your pedicure there was only one advertised and jello in the water didn't seem worth 45 for.
I wanted a cute anchor on my toe.
Had a design I thought was simplistic.
He did the colors out of order and the design came out as a Pinterest fail in my opinion.
At least it was only 5 extra for the design.
Also there are not a lot of colors to choose from.
A lot of tier colors are the cheap ones that chip easily.
The main guy working on my was chatty but I couldn't understand him well.
The best thing was they showed the soccer game.
I'll be trying other nail places up North before I just drive the 40 min to my old place

I went to ivy for my gel mani I love the way it looks and took her time, and have great massage at the end!

This is my #1 nail salon.
Everyone here is so professional and talented.
All they want is for you to be comfortable and happy with your nails.
I get asked all the time, "I love your nails, where do you get them done?
" And I always send them here.
This is the Best salon in town, and I have been to quite a few of them.
I've been going here since they opened, and I will always go here.
What ever I ask for, they can do.
If you are looking for a great salon, this is the place!

This is the second time I've been here and I am even more disappointed than the first time.
First visit, I got a simple pink and white fill.
The white tips were uneven, but I didn't notice until I got home.
I went for my second visit yesterday and tried another nail artist this time.
I got a fill, gel design, and eyebrow wax.
First of all, If you're going to paint over white tips, you should file them off first.
I can see them through my pink gel polish.
Second, I got a chevron design on my middle nail and it looks like a joke (uneven and thin).
Third, she filed my thumbs at uneven lengths.
Fourth, my ring fingers were supposed to be silver glitter and you can still see the white peaking through as well.
The gel also started peeling right after I left.
AND lastly, she basically waxed off most of my eyebrows.
They are terribly thin and look horrible.
I WILL NOT be coming back here.
The only nice thing I have to say about this place is that the entire staff is very nice and sweet, but their work is terrible.

