Best gym in Vegas!
Bodysport has the best INDOOR boot camp.
Huge facility with awesome trainers.
Lots of private trainers bring their clients to Bodysport too.
the Revolution circuit training classes are my favorite.
Working out with these guys is always fun and challenging.
I HIGHLY recommend training, taking a class or just coming here to get your workout on.
They have a kids room hangout too I have been working out there since January and absolutely love it.
No more LVAC for me...

I love Bodysport Fitness (especially owner/trainer Mel Fabros).
I've trained for over 10 years and have been to a lot of clubs and worked out with several trainers when I first got to Vegas and none of them held a candle to Mel.
Mel is the BEST and Bodysport is a great gym for training.
It's a convenient location with tons of parking and the package deals for training are priced very reasonably unlike training at a major club but a big enough business to be able to take credit cards and give personal attention to clients which is nice.
The gym is always super clean, the bathrooms are nice, there is water and snacks for purchase, a nice big screen TV near the cardio machines and it's never packed so you won't wait for a machine if you want to come do cardio before or after your workout and I hear the boot camp is great.
I think it's an added bonus for parents that he has a kids room and an added bonus for the other clients that they have this room to keep the kids safe and not out on the gym floor which can be a problem in some smaller personal training gyms.

I love everyone at bodysport- they are like family!
I've been attending boot camp for about 7 months and have increased my strength, loss pant sizes, and been able to compete in fitness competitions/ races all because of the trainers there.
If you're looking for a good workout- come to bodysport!

Since I've trained with Mel, my life has literally changed for the better.
I am a diabetic with high blood and I was on a lot of medications including insulin shots.
I've dropped my insulin intake by more than half and only take 2 out of the 6 meds I used to take.
Mel introduced me to a great diet/meal plan and an excercise regimen.
He has always encouraged me to keep fit and I've adopted a great healthy lifestyle and has been helping others as well.
Bottom line is if you are training under Mel and his team, you can't go wrong.
He and his staff are very knowledgable and also live what they preach.

Locally owned and operated.
It's very clean and I love having a trainer that motivates me.
Mel the owner is also a trainer and takes pride in his clients physique.
He will even give you a meal plan with the price he charges for training.
He's very reasonably priced and makes anyone smile with his positive spirit.
I love this gym and the personal touch and feel I get while going there.
It's primarily trainer based and he also does group classes or boot camps as well.
A win win for anyone looking for a great gym with just as good of a trainer.
Kudos to Bodysport!

Bodysport was offering a boot camp class 4th of July to benefit the fallen officers for $10 so I decided to check it out.
I went in not really knowing what to expect and having no idea what the facility was like.
Behind every door is a surprise.
When I first  entered the area consisted of basic gym equipment, cardio and weight machines.
But that leads in a larger type warehouse space with a turf area, free weights, squat rack, bars, etc.
The outside space consist of two more areas of turf.
Bear crawls were done on one and battle ropes on the other on this particular day.
The trainer for the 90 minute class was primarily Mel but Megan assisted and also participated in the class with us.
It was a challenging workout but they offered modifications for all fitness levels.
We started inside with a warm-up with a light jog and a series of lunges, push ups, plyometric jumps, abs, burpees, etc.
Then we moved outside where stations were set up which included bear crawls, step ups, battle ropes, sledgehammer/tire, more plyometric work.
Both trainers were excellent and this is one of the cleanest gyms I've been in.
I can only speak to the one workout I did here but based on the equipment present and Mel's training knowledge I would imagine their classes are always varied and most of all fun to take!

