Best nail salon EVER!
I do not and will not go anywhere else!
Clean, fairly priced, friendly, accommodating, and full of talent!

This place is extremely sanitary and professional.
Very soothing and relaxing as they play light classical music and do not have a bunch of TVs around the spa.
I only get pedicures, this is the only place I go for that service.
The staff is always very sweet and extremely thorough and meticulous when I'm having my pedicure service as they always do such an amazing job.
If I cant get in every couple of weeks my pedicure literally lasts a month.
I recommend Encore Nail and Spa to all my friends and clients.
Even though I do not have any nail services ( acrylics) , when I am  having my pedicure service I always hear compliments from the clients who are having this service done.

Me and cousin are here from California, for spring training and wanted to get our nails done so we decided to come here, it was a very good decision!
They are really friendly, sanitary, reasonably priced and do very good work.
I would highly recommend this nail salon

I'm not big on writing reviews so I'll keep it short; great job, nice people and will definitely be back to get my fill.

This place was great!
It was very inexpensive for everything they included.
The chairs were FANTASTIC and the ladies did a very good job.
I noticed that quite a few of the other patrons were regulars, always a good sign.
There were not as many nail polish colors as I have seen at other places, they also tried to up sell you on every thing but regardless, I will certainly be back.
I recommend making an appointment, as the wait was a bit long.
Overall it was a very good experience.

This was my first time there and I had a great experience.
I got a fill with gel polish and it was only $25!!!
They are very friendly and the salon is very clean.
I will for sure be back.

The worst pedicure I have ever had.
Their $20 pedicure hot stone massage is a joke!
When the nail tech scrubbed my food with the pumice scrubber, she completely skipped my heels!
She only did the bottom of my feet which are soft and missed the most important part.
When it came to the massage, all she did was briskly put lotion on my leg and squeezed my toe, there was not massaging at all!
Then when it came to the hot stones, she briskly rubbed them on my foot but still, no massage!
It was so fast and NOT  relaxing one bit.
It was not crowded and there was only 1 person waiting for a pedicure.
I was done before the woman sitting next to me who started way before I did!
There were also 5 nail techs so honestly, there was no reason to rush because they were staffed an only 1 person waiting!
I am not really sure what I paid for, I will never go back to this joke of a salon and suggest that if you want a relaxing experience and to actually get your moneys worth, go somewhere else.

Amazing Job!!!
My daughter and two nieces got acrylic nails with designs and they all turned out great!
Took 2 hrs and 15 minutes for 3 acrylic sets, 2 pedicures and 2 gel manicures.
Very friendly and reasonable.

