I've used these same guys for probably 10 (small and large/personal and business) moving jobs for over a decade since they all worked at another company together.
I have no problem recommending them.
I'm not exaggerating when I say that I always get a "thank you" or "those guys were the best" note from everyone I've referred them to over the years.
They are great guys, on time, they work hard, they take the time to wrap and protect your stuff so it isn't damaged, and they just obviously are working for the next job you're giving them - not just the one they are working at the time.
5 stars all the way!

I've used these guys, not once but twice.
What does that tell you?
And yes, I'd use them again.
Great work.
Diligent.
Attentive to both detail and time.
Very fairly priced.
I'd give them 10 stars but the scale won't let me.
:-)

These guy hooked it up.
He had me ready to go and on schedule.
His guys were great, responsive and considerate to my possessions.
We packed 2 1/2.trucks front to back and handled it in one day.
What a relief to have a competent moving company handle my move.
Highly recommended!

Awesome moving service!!!
These guys are pros.
They moved us in (7/5/13) and I can't rave enough about them!
First off, they came prepared for everything.
Plastic wrapping to keep drawers from flying open, furniture blankets, tools to take off knobs or whatnots that could get damaged, tall boxes for pillows and couch cushions... you name it they had it!
The four guys were coordinated to a tee.
Their communication skills with each other as to taking things up or down stairs was impeccable.
I've hired movers who naturally injured themselves and our property by not having simple communication skills.
They were phenomenal on making sure the walls and door frames weren't damaged.
So much so they had a door frame protector (a blanket with clips, basically)!
For the amount of work they did, and as fast as they moved us in, their pricing is extremely fair for four guys, well worth it.
In our case, they moved us from a 2-story 3000 sq ft house to a 3-story 3000 sq ft house.
When I called to make the appointment, I told Chris to just have them put everything on the 2nd floor.
These guys were determined to move everything where it belonged regardless!
My husband stayed downstairs and I stayed upstairs, and they'd ask which box or furniture went where up or down they'd go!
At the end, I gave them some beer, we chatted... just really cool, down to earth, hard working guys.
Apparently, these guys also moved in our neighbors as well.
I hope more of our new neighbors (American West Homes - Bridgewater) use these guys!!
I'm going to call them again tomorrow and ask if they have a sign to put in our front yard!

Awesome!
Steve and John were exceptional movers; they were on time, professional, and most importantly they took care of my furniture!
They didn't bang or break anything and I didn't have to follow them around making faces ;) praying they wouldn't  scratch my stuff or get anything dirty.
They are efficient, fast, hardworking and I will use this company from now on, as well as refer friends and family to them.
Definitely the best experience I have had with any moving company.
I already used their services twice.
Although I haven't met the owner, I have gathered that he is a good business man.
He provides great customer service over the phone; Christopher set up my moves, he is nice, flexible, helpful, and professional over the phone.
:-)   Great company!

LOVE this moving company.
They got me moved into my new apartment (which is on the third floor) with no hassles!
I never used a moving company in Las Vegas and I know that I'll never use another one.
They are fast, efficient, and extremely friendly.
You definitely cannot go wrong with this moving company.
I can't say enough nice things about them!

Unbelievably awesome movers!!!
We went from a 2400 square foot , 3-1/2 car single story to a 2100 square foot two story in 4 hours flat!
Fun and dedicated crew--especially Steve and John.
I had always used Warren's Homework in the past, but no more.
Christopher Moving is the only company I would even consider in the future.

Great company to deal with from the fist phone call to the final handshake of completion.
Crew that moved my wife and I were friendly and worked their butts off.
All of our furniture was handled with care and arrived at our new house without any problems.

Excellent movers.
Quick, professional, and on-time.
I have always used movers, and have used numerous companies in Vegas (some good, some awful) and they were great.
These guys charge the same rates as the budget movers, but provide the same service as the high end (i.e.
$$$$) companies.
I hopefully won't have to move again anytime soon, but would definitely use Christopher Moving again!

These guys are fantastic!!!
I will call them for every move and make sure my family & friends call them and no one else!!
I just can't say enough about Chris, Steve, Jon & Anthony.
The professionalism, the courtesy & the way things got done surpassed all my expectations!
All stress of moving went right out the door with the first item moved!!
If you are planning a move, do yourself a huge favor and call Chris right away!!

These guys are awesome, I had a short notice job and they did everything to squeeze in a convenient time for me.
They were helpful and had a good attitude even though the job was a tough 3 story one.
I highly recommend these guys.
The prices aren't bad either!

Great experience!
Just bought my first house by myself and was tight on budget yet wanted someone professional since I am by myself.
There is a two hour minimum for services which is common so I decided to move as much as I could from my upstairs apartment to my house in my two door civic... Needless to say, I couldn't move much in the 8+ trips I made...
I mentioned to the guys that I was tight on budget and was trying to stay within the 2 hour mark so I wanted just the furniture moved but watching how quick and careful they were, I had them move a lot more than just furniture.
Definitely took a little more than the two hours but they only charged me for two.
Awesome customer service and definitely made accommodations for my situation.
Would recommend them to anyone in the Vegas area!

The owner came to my house to provide an estimate, so I was pretty confident his estimate would be accurate.
He quoted 3 guys packing and moving, but on the move day, 5 guys (including the owner) showed up.
They hustled the entire day but were very careful with all the furniture.
They hooked up the washer and dryer and frig, moved a frig out to the garage and a washer/dryer back to my old house.
Very professional.
Definitely recommended.

I recently used Christopher Moving, and it was probably the best part of my moving experience.
I was moving out of my house, putting most of my things into storage.
These folks showed up early, brought extra guys, and got it all done quickly and efficiently.
They anticipated any issues and were all extremely nice and helpful.
I will definitely use their services again.

Was so happy with my move today.
The guys were professional, friendly and very efficient.
I had used a different company very recently and was completely disappointed, then a friend recommended Christopher Moving.
I was so satisfied with the team.
Also, I felt that the price was great for all of the work they did.
I would strongly recommend them and will definitely use them for my next move.

I don't get why these guys get a 5 star.
I can even get them to return my phone call to schedule a quote.
Very unprofessional.

Excellent - Came on time, wrapped all of our stuff.
Even let us use boxes to pack our clothes in.
Very Professional.
Will use again for the next move.

I can't recommend these guys enough.
Everyone from Jeanette in the office to the team of 3 guys that came out to move all my stuff across town was absolutely wonderful!
Moved my entire house from Rhodes Ranch to Green Valley in 2 hours!
They were even able to get my king-sized bed from my upstairs out of the house without having to go over the balcony!
If you ever need to move, you should totally go with Christopher Movers!

I made an online reservation request.
They followed up with an email and a phone call to go over particulars.
We set the date and time.
They called me the day before the move to give me the crew leader's name and phone in case anything came up.
Steve showed up 5 minutes earlier than the time established with Jon and Kam.
We had done all the packing, so they had our 2 BR 2nd story condo loaded up within 45 minutes.
Very careful and pointed out scratches and loose parts so we concurred on what damage already existed.
We made an intermittent stop to drop off a BR set with a family member whose house was on the way to our destination.
They offloaded into my garage and made sure we still had ample access.
They completed their tasks within the 2-hour minimum time frame at $134 per hour for three guys.
I can't say enough good about these guys.
I would definitely recommend Christopher Moving to anyone who needs to make a local move.
And the best part was they all spoke English, so communication went well.

What can I say that the other have not?
Fast, and I mean FAST.
2,300sq ft 4br home loaded in 1 1/2 hours.
Unloaded in about half that time.
Great crew.
Went the extra mile from start to finish.
NO damage and not a second wasted.
This is the first time I have ever used movers because of horror stories told to me as a wee tike.
I have to say, Christopher Moving is probably one of my top ten best inventions EVER!!
Use them!
You get a down to earth crew, including some great banter and a crazy Russian!
Doesn't get better than that!

"Captain" John and "Crewmen" Matt and Cameron were sent to help facilitate our move.
From a 2000 sq ft 3 story home in Mountains Edge , to a 4000 sq ft 2 story home across town in Whitney ... My family and I knew it would be quite a task for just a normal moving day.
Let's just say they completely stepped in and got it completed in less than 3 hours!!
Our experience has left us feeling like we can only be "Faithful" to these guys and no one else!!
Our first contact with Christopher Moving came after reading all the grand Yelp reviews, from that, I thought what could it hurt to add another "Great" review?
From the first phone call to the wrap-up of the move;  I would like to say that our experience was definitely worth taking the time to write an additional review.
Our "Captain" John came in right away to coordinate the move and route his crewmen in the right direction.
They were PROMPT!, PROFESSIONAL!
and were always On-The-Move!
As much as I dread moving, Christopher Moving took all our worries away and left my family and I completely satisfied with our results.
If anyone is looking for a great moving company with very reasonable rates, this is the place to call!

Highly recommend these guys!
Prompt and professional!
Chris has a Cali vibe that may make some question their abilities but don't worry, these guys are pros!!!
Great crew, Steve knows his stuff and will make sure the work goes quickly and he is a top notch moving lead man!
Highly recommended!

I have never used movers before; BEST decision I ever made!
Jeannette in the office was very knowledgeable and helpful.
There was a little bit of a mix up, but she handled it and got everything scheduled for me.
The movers (John, Cameron & Anthony) were FANTASTIC!
They handled everything very carefully, were fast and funny!
It actually seemed like they were having a good time.
I have to give them extra props for the unloading when we got to the new house.
When we arrived at the new house it was NOT ready for move-in.
Contractors were still doing work and the cleaning crew had just arrived and started cleaning.
John and the guys were happy to start unloading everything into the garage.They moved things from the garage to the house as the rooms were cleaned and ready.
They even smiled and were cordial when a nasty neighbor suddenly appeared SCREAMING that it was the end of the flipping world just because the truck was barely sticking out into her driveway.
I would definitely use them again and absolutely recommend then to ANYONE who needs moving services.
Worth every penny!!

These guys were awesome.
I have horrible moving karma and this is the first move for me that went well in years.
Great guys, good prices.
I highly recommend.

I used Christopher's to move this month and was more than pleased.
They were so efficient I could barely keep up with them.
They even had an Extra man but because I had only paid for two they did not charge me.
They made sure everything was put together that I needed and took some time to help me knowing I was by myself.
THANK YOU AGAIN!

Really great moving company!
The guys were right on time,  extremely professional and polite.
They were also very efficient, they worked quickly and didnt try to drag the time out to charge more.
I would definitely recommend these guys,  this is the only positive experience I've ever had with a moving company.
These are the guys to use!

These guys are amazing!
They sent over 3 men yesterday and they did a great job!
The moving company that provided the trailer seriously miscalculated the amount of trailer space we needed but these three guys from Christopher Moving got absolutely everything they could into the truck.
I don't think there was even room left for a pencil!
They were pleasant and fun to be around.
I highly recommend them.
We have to have another truck load and I discovered they do a door to door moving where they send a team over.....pack and load and then take off from the beginning location, drive to the next location (even across country) and unload for you.
You would not be disappointed should you need their services!
Highly Recommended.

This experience couldn't have gone any better.
Showed up ten minutes early so after paperwork and explanations we were starting on time.
These guys hustled for the whole 3 hours.
We had a one bedroom condo with an attached garage moving into a single story house.
Incredibly polite and courteous.
Very respectful of certain items that i felt needed some extra attention (i.e.
a custom picture frame).
Nothing was damaged in move, which is what a lot of people normally complain about with movers.
At drop off boxes were not put in middle of the house but in the rooms listed on the box and if there wasn't one they asked (bonus).
I was asked how i wanted furniture set up in rooms so that we would not have to move it later.
I can see why they come so highly rated.

Jason, Marvin, and Alfino from Christopher moving did an excellent job of moving me today.
They were as fast as they could be given the job I gave them.
My stuff was loaded from truck to storage in way under an hour and I have a healthy two bedroom home (filled a 10x20 storage space).
When part of my bed couldn't fit the tight turn of the stairs, they lowered it from the second floor.
They were fun, fair and fast!
I've dealt with moving companies many times over the past 6 years and they far exceeded my expectations.
They also spoke English which made communication a lot easier than my last endeavor.Highly recommend these guys!
They work extremely well together.
I hired them because of yelp and wasn't disappointed, obviously.

Absolutely AWESOME moving company, and a perfect experience in moving our office to a new location.
The office staff was professional and courteous.
They emailed a confirmation and made sure they had all of the necessary information.
The movers arrived at the designated location EXACTLY on time, which put them ahead of the game from the start.
They loaded things up quickly and efficiently and did the same thing at the back end.
The only downside is that I was unable to leave a tip on my credit card (perhaps because it was a business account) and I didn't have cash on me.
I felt horribly that I was unable to tip them, because they truly did a fantastic job.
Prices were extremely fair and I would absolutely, without question, use them again!

Awesome moving company.
I had a far move and a stop at a second place yet they did it all in 2.5 hours.
There was no secret cost and the movers were prompt and on time  When I need to move again I know exactly who I will call!

Thus company is reliable and easy to work with and I have to say the best and most convenient part of my move.
I had several delays spanning about 2 weeks with painters and contractors preping the house to move in in which I had to reschedule my move dates several times and they (Anne Chris and company) could not have been more helpfull.
When the crew got here to move (forgot the names of all but Anthony sorry guys) they were prompt clean and precise.
Being a do it yourself guy I had never used movers before but seeing the care they took with my  my and my wife's furniture I will only use this company for any move from now on.
I would recommend this company to anyone including family.

I must say these guys are really great.
Jason and Melvin were awesome.
Got the job done today within the time anticipated.
Highly recommended!!

Thank you yelpers!
From the first phone call to the end when the guys finished this company was excellent.
John and the guys were great.
Friendly,  prompt, professional and overall a great experience.
This was my first time hiring movers and thank goodness all the horror stories did not apply to Christopher Moving.
Loaded up an 1800 sq ft home drove from southeast to northwest and unloaded and put everything where it went!
Will definitely use these guys again!

