Ordered take out, had the Pad Thai, and the Duck Curry.
Duck curry was good, Pad Thai was a bit below average.
Will probably order again because it's close, but there are better places like Siam  My daughter and I call the place "Thai-Hop"

I was so excited as this place was "remodeling" an old iHop building to open this Thai restaurant.
My wife and son ate there tonight and brought me one of my favorite dishes, Thai Beef Salad.
When done right, its awesome.
Unfortunately here it was NOT DONE RIGHT.
The menus ays it has "rice powder" on it, but mine came with the strangest bits of what tasted like burnt broken rice.
It was AWFUL.
My wife and son also did not enjoy their meals.
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND PASS THIS ONE BY!
Oh, and BTW THAI LOTUS, DO YOU REALLY THINK ANYONE BELIEVES YOUR TWO 5 STAR REVIEWS, ONE DAY APART From "Wes J" & Greg L"?
SAD

Very good food and service.
I will probably dine there once a week for a while now.
Great meals.

I got the spicy basil noodles $8.95 and spring rolls.
$2.95  What I liked- Lots of decent veggies Good amount of meat Excellent service Yummy cheap spring rolls Fresh basil  What I disliked- Beef was chewy Noodles were overdone and very oily.
Happy enough with what I paid with a 20% off coupon, I think I would have been disappointed if I paid full price.
The girl was very very nice that gave us our food.
I will continue to drive to Yupha's in Tempe, or Sa Bai's on Indian School for my Thai fix.

My husband and I went to dinner on Father's Day.
It was very quiet in the restaurant.
The construction must be keeping people away.
People should overlook the construction because this is a neighborhood restaurant that needs to stay.
We had Panang Curry with chicken, Spicy Sweet basil with Beef, and Pad See Ew with pork.
Presentation was lovely and spiced to perfection!
Next time, we will order HOT because Medium was not quite hot enough for us.
Our other favorite place was Thai Rama, but this is closer and just as good.
The decor/interior is nicer here too.
Try it out.
I bet you'll like it.
A friend told me that the Chicken Larb is terrific.
I'll be trying that next time for sure.
Come on neighbors, keep this place going through the construction period.
I would hate to see it go.

Wonderful dinner there this evening.
I asked for the "best thing on the menu" and was directed to the Pumpkin Curry - definitely was a great choice!
I have not seen that on a menu in ages!
Appetizer of soup was fantastic as well - though I don't recall the Thai name, it was "Tom..." the one without coconut milk in order to reduce the calories a bit.
TASTY!
Staff is friendly, food is good, atmosphere is relaxing and enjoyable.
I live very close and see me returning here time and time again.
DO NOT BE PUT OFF BY THE LIGHTRAIL CONSTRUCTION... we need more places like this on the 19th ave corridor, so I encourage all to give this place a shot.

Pass, we only tried it because it is closer than the place on Camelback.
Tried it a couple times, won't try again.
1st, the don't accept American Express (easy to add to a merchant account, rates lower than Visa/MC rewards cards to process) and the girl said "It is company policy".
When I suggested they add it she said "company policy.
It is right here on the togo menu".
We ordered extra peanut sauce and cucumbers with the chicken saute.
She took the order (June 28, 2013 4:30pm) but did NOT include the extra sauce we paid for.
The garlic chicken: Very dry, no real sauce, cheap cuts of chicken with grizzle.
The place still looks like a pancake house, difficult to get to, no atmosphere, no friendly servers (our server did not know the menu, she said we have to tell her the item number not the name).
We are giving up.
Tried the red curry and the yellow curry, both a waste of money without flavor.
We are going to go back to the one on 15th ave and Camelback that we have visited for 10 years.

Absolutely love this place!
Great food, presentation, and friendly staff at a great price.
Best Thai food in the valley!

Very friendly, polite service.
I tend to get my meal to go, its quick and easy.
I tend to get the Pad Thai and ask for it with vegetables instead of chicken or shrimp.
Be sure to show your Valley Metro "Metro Max" card, it's 10% off your meal.
Plus you're supporting local business during the 19th Avenue Northwest light rail expansion!

we decided to visit Thai lotus late on a Friday night and had a decent experience.
they didn't seem upset that we showed up 30 minutes before closing which i was nervous about.
they were just happy we were there.
we live near 19 ave and Glendale and will most likely return if we are craving Thai food and aren't downtown, as i prefer Thai basil.
the server was obviously quite green but very sweet.
the owner, as others have mentioned, was extremely kind and excited to talk with us.
she told us the same things that other reviewers mentioned and asked us to tell our friends to go in since the construction was creating a bit of a challenge.
she gave us a coupon for a free appetizer for next time.
i ordered the pumpkin curry out of curiosity and after reading a review that said the medium wasn't hot enough i decided to order it HOT.
i typically have very high tolerance of heat but, unfortunately, my curry was inedibly hot.
the owner offered to remake it for me but i tolerated as much as i could and took the rest home.
eating it the next day was no easier.
i also ordered peanut sauce on the side and, although it costs $1 extra, i will do that again when we return.
it was delicious.
my husband ordered the spicy basil noodles with HOT spiciness and felt the heat was just right and enjoyed his meal.
we also ordered Thai sausage after some encouragement from our server and enjoyed that quite a lot!
I've actually been thinking about it lately and craving the flavor.

Came here on a Monday at 7:30 pm and it was closed.
It was supposed to be open until 9 pm.
Yes, there is construction but it is unacceptable to close early without some notification.
Just lost 2 customers...will NEVER come back.

The Papaya Salad, Pumpkin Curry and Silver Noodle Pad Thai are delicious although the pumpkin could have been cut in smaller pieces.
We will be going there again to eat or for take out.
Don't let the light rail construction get in your way of trying this restaurant.
If you like Thai food, you WILL love the food here.
I can't wait to try some of the different items that my "go to" Thai restaurant didn't have on their menu.

Had some pretty good Thai food here.
The people who work here are just the sweetest.
The pad thai had lots of flavor and nuts.
I think I got the lunch special, so the soup was included.
It was a vegetable cabbage thing and it rocked my russian socks(we love our beets and cabbage).
The coconut ice cream  was sooooo good.
I don't know if they make it or if it's from safeway, I don't care..so freakin' good.

Really solid place for food.
Fresh, not greasy and very flavorful also.
Great prices.

I had Thai Lotus for dinner tonight.
I ordered the chicken panang curry with brown rice and the crab rangoon.
I wish i could give them a better rating, especially since the panang curry was amazing, but the rangoon was very oily, as if the friers weren't hot enough like they had just been turned on.
Plus they lacked flavor.
It seemed more like cottage cheese inside in both flavor and consistency, plus the crab flavor did really come though either.
I will be back, but will probably wait til a busier night.

This is the second Thai restaurant in my area that I have tried, and I have to say the food here was much better, the pumpkin curry was great as was the garlic chicken.
I will definitely be ordering from here again.
And they deliver!

Wow!
So happy to have an EXCELLENT Thai restaurant so close to home!
Didn't know what to expect when entering this restaurant which opened in the old iHop building on 19th Ave, but we were greeted so warmly by all the staff.
The menu is nicely varied.
We had the chicken tom yum soup (hot!
) and tofu green curry (hot!
) and spicy beef noodles (medium hot).
Both dishes were excellent.
The prices are very reasonable and the food was delicious.
We plan on going back many times and hope this place makes a go of it.
Can't wait to try more dishes!

Good food.
Atmosphere is lacking but a nice little addition to an area with very little to offer in the way of restaurants.

Thai Lotus offers a GREAT BIG Menu with LOTS of to choose from and they are open SEVEN DAYS a week for lunch and dinner.
Also did I say they offer PUMPKIN?
Two pumpkin dishes the day I was there.
My husband tried the Spicy Basil Duck, it was prepared reasonably well.
For my taste it could have used more basil but was good.
I decided to try one of the specials it was Spicy PUMPKIN Basil, Cashew, Egg, and Vegetables with Chicken.
You pick mild medium or hot and I picked hot and it was just right for me I'd say 6-7 out of 10 for spicy heat.
The chicken in the dish was cooked reasonably well.
Egg was cooked in the sauce instead of being fried on top.
In this dish the pumpkin was cooked well and the dish had a nice variety of vegetables in it in a tasty sauce with the typical flavors.
The road to Thai Lotus looks closed but it isn't and you can get threw or you can pass the intersection and pull into Tacos Atoyac and you will find parking for Thai Lotus as you pull threw.
3.75 stars rounded up for the service and really great menu.

There are not many Thai restaurants in the uptown area so when my husband stumbled across this place we figured we would give it a shot.
We were pleasantly surprised.
The red curry with tofu was delicious with just the right amount of spice as was the pad Thai.
The owner, a Thai woman, was incredibly nice and passionate about her business.
We are glad they are in the neighborhood and will definitely go back.

Absolutely DELICIOUS!
The owners are very sweet and have put together an extensive menu, including Pumpkin Curry, which happens to be my favorite!
It was well-balanced with the perfect amount of spice and big chunks of pumpkin.
The owner was so sweet she gave me a Thai Lotus, which is kind of like an Italian Soda -- it was fantastic!
I'll definitely be heading back in there soon!

This is a very good restaurant.
The service was excellent, the facility clean, and the entrees were generous and tasty.
We enjoyed the vegetarian soup and yellow curry with chicken.
There was a lot of chicken in the curry.
The menu is large and has good choices for vegetarians.
The "hotness" to their food was just right--medium was hot, but not tear producing.
The prices were quite reasonable too.

Amazing service, food, & decor.
Best Thai food in the hood!!
Check it out & thank me later.
Spring rolls, Yellow Curry & Pad Thai were top-notch!

I ordered the red curry hot.
It was very hot!!
Be sure to check your mouth before.
The staff is super nice very south east Asia very inclusive.
Get ready for family talk

Great, amazing food!
I've ordered delivery from them probably 5/6 times now and just discovered them prob not even a month ago.
1 thing I order every time is their mussels on the appetizer menu i love seeing the spices ect in the "finished" product.
The delivery gentlemen are great as well so polite and bring my dinner in a igloo cooler/ container to keep it warm....I love trying "independent"restaurants and this one definitely gets a 5 star because the consistency of the quality of food I've ordered in the last month!

I'm so glad we tried Thai Lotus, they have such great food!
We arrived early enough for happy hour and got some crispy wontons as an appetizer, they were perfectly fried and very flavorful.
The shrimp and pineapple curry and the pepper steak were both on point.
Service was great!
There were so many things on the menu we wanted to try, we will definitely be back!

A great, family-owned place that goes out of its way to please guests.
This is our go-to spot for carryout Thai or a quiet meal with the fam.
One of the owners, Dang, always goes above and beyond.
The food is always fresh and tasty.
I love supporting local businesses and highly recommend checking them out!

Heading home to LA, the concierge at the Arizona Biltmore recommended this local Thai place.
We tried the Thai toast, Tom Kha soup and green curry.
All were very good and fresh.
We can see why the locals patronize Thai Lotus.
Dang the owner served us and what delightful with good service  too:)

This is a nice little Thai place that moved in when IHOP moved out.
They have a great selection of curry flavors and preparation which is diverse.
The aroma is enticing and the service is attentive.
The coconut ice cream is delicious.
Too bad it still kind of looks like an IHOP and it is amongst the turmoil of the light rail.

Yum!!!!
Great service great food!!
The owners are so sweet they accommodated my son and his special request.
Food came quickly and is the best I have found here in Phoenix.
Highly recommended, clean environment however the women's bathroom needs ventilation.

I really enjoyed the food!
Ordered the Pad Thai (medium) and it was pretty hot anything beyond medium and I wouldn't be able to taste my food.
They played soothing music that made me want to get a massage.
The reason for the four rating and not five is due to following:  After getting our food we were not acknowledged nor were our drinks filled.
They past by several times and we tried to grab their attention and they kept walking by.
After finishing our food they did not come to our table for about 15 minutes.
Other than that everything was good jus lacking on the service side.

Fabulous foods and service.
Everything we had was cooked to perfection.
My sister in law had a salad that was so fresh I thought the lettuce was picked just before it hit the table.
My mother in law had the special of the day which had a pumpkin sauce that was to die for.
I had the spicy sweet basil veggie plate with tofu and it was outstanding.
Will definitely be back!

After a second visit I feel Thai Lotus is still good enough to satisfy your Thai Cravings with their Great Big Menu and many assorted specials, seafood dishes you just don't get at most places.
This time I tried the Pumpkin Curry with Chicken.
Every different Thai Place puts their own spin on this dish.
The Variation I had was thin and more like Red Curry with less coconut and thinner.
I liked that threw out the dish were chunks of pumpkin It was still tasty.
I also liked how they made the dish colorful with the vegetables but the chicken in this dish was too dry for me to give a four star Yelp review as I'm not a fan of dry chicken no matter what kind of restaurant I'm in.
My husband had the Basil Noodles with beef.
The dish had a nice flavors and the heat levels in both dishes were  good for us but the beef was dry and chewy.
Service was pleasant and efficient.

What a great ran place .. We love the staff & food.
I've eaten at every Thai restaurant around the valley and this place is my fav fav.
The owners are always so nice to is when we dine in..
Thanks for opening your doors :)

I order delivery from here all the time--they're quick, everything has been delicious, and the delivery people are always so sweet.
Today I had the Glass Noodle entree with tofu and the Spring Rolls.
I've had a few of their appetizers, soups, curry entrees, and teas--all have been great!

Pleasantly surprised!
The staff here makes you want to keep coming back.
They are very friendly and attentive.
It's not very busy most days so parking is a breeze.
It makes up for all the construction on 19th ave. the red curry and pumpkin dishes are quite the treat and a guilt free option.
We also tried crab puffs that have plenty of meat and not just cream cheese.
This place is a great hidden little gem!

I discovered this place a few weeks ago and have ordered from here now a few times while my kitchen is out of order during a remodel.
Their food is excellent and the delivery SUPER FAST.
pumpkin curry was good, chicken satay, panang curry..rice, won ton...yep, good food.
:-)  Only one issue and that is there were no eating utensils or napkins provided.
The first time I didn't say anything; 2nd time I placed order using online service and specifically asked for these items.
Arrived without them.
I told the delivery lady and she was SO nice....I told  her that I didn't have a kitchen and need those items, but that I could borrow some from neighbor this time.
She was so incredible...I told it was okay, she left and then before I even got settled was back and brought me utensils, plates, bowls!!
I was so impressed.
She went over/beyond and I appreciated it.

I am in love with this place.
The food is fast, delicious, and the staff are friendly.
My mom and I love to visit whenever we can and have never been dissatisfied.
We've sat in a few times and recently walked to place an order to go- it was fast!
Not immediate of course, but we weren't sitting around for half an hour.
The construction on 19th is a bit of a pain but it is completely worth it.

food was amazing had the pad thai chicken lunch special , pot stickers and the best desert i have had in a long time sweet mango sweet rice rice and coconut icecream big enough to share for 2

I've ordered delivery from here multiple times.
Not only is the delivery quick, it is delicious and delivered by the owners.
I have ordered multiple dishes from here including the pad thai, tom kha soup, yellow curry, thai iced tea, and sticky rice with coconut ice cream.
I have yet to be disappointed with this restaurant.
I have not been to the actual location yet but definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for some great thai food in Phoenix.

Hmmm such a high stars I'm not sure why , flavor is bland sorry I love authentic or Americanized Thai food but this place I can't give more than 2 :( service is good but I'm rating on the food.

Well....up until tonight I was very happy with this restaurant.
TONIGHT just before closing i ordered home delivery online.
40 minutes later I still do not have my food.
I look up my order status and it shows that my order is due to arrive TOMORROW MORNING.
I contacted 24/7 and the chat person and asked why there was not a warning or notice before i ordered....they insisted that the restaurant closed at 830p and that I had ordered at 955p.
I had to copy the restaurants hours showing they were open until 9 and prove to this chat person that it was only after 9 p.m. at the time I was chatting...this "kim" chat person ARGUED WITH ME and told me that I needed to check my clocks!!!!
Can you believe that.
At any rate...I sent the copied conversation to 24/7 email and the restaurant.
So...over an hour wasted ordering and waiting for a meal that is not coming and dealing with some chat crud.
I am hungry and cranky.
Another warning...if you use that online delivery service 24/7 and pay with card/paypal...it can take 5 days to get your money back.

I've been looking for a Thai restaurant like this in Phoenix!
It's family run & the prices/dishes are spot on and not pretentious.
Lots of vegetarian options, and service was outstanding!

It's alright...only ordered from here because my favorite Thai place is closed for repairs.
To start with it's lacking in flavor, I hate when places just pour chili sauce on something, it's so one dimensional and not what I expect from Thai food at all.
I ordered medium for 2 dishes and hot for my third.
It was a big disappointment, all three were the same heat and it barely brushed mild on the heat scale.
Delivery was quick, although if you order through eat24 expect to tip ahead or with cash (I like to tip once I get the food based on service so I didn't like this).
They have a large menu selection, but I do feel they have lost touch with traditional flavors, and I probably won't be ordering from them again.

