I hired Nieto Landscaping for a one time clean up and then monthly maintenance.
The one time clean up is a joke.
What a mess.
After trimming the bushes they blew all the debris into the grass and all over the rocks.
I have one huge bush that I wanted trimmed back a lot.
They hacked it to pieces.
They didn't touch the weeds that were in the rocks in the backyard.
After complaining to Manuel he apologized and said he would send a whole different team over.
The same team showed up said the bush was as good as it was going to get.
When I pointed the grass that was growing in the desert landscape they got the hoe and pulled it but left it in the yard!!!!
Manuel said our yard would be "pristine".
It looks worse now that it has ever looked.
Had to go and get weed killer and spray it myself.
Paid $150 for this.
Needless to say we have cancelled any future service with this company.
Please if you are thinking about using them Run Run Run.

Paid $150 for a one-time clean up.
They spent about 30 minutes here, just weed-whacked down everything and then blew it onto the sidewalk.
I'll have to go out and sweep the dust off the sidewalks.
There are even still weeds in the cracks of my driveway and front porch.
Wish I had given the money to a neighborhood kid, they would have done the same thing.

BEWARE!!
This business is extraordinarily shady.
I used their biweekly lawn service for the majority of this summer (2013).
I was extremely unsatisfied because they allowed my lawn to get totally overgrown with weeds and lawn disease that left it looking absolutely horrible.
Before it was time to put in my winter lawn I decided to cancel my service with them which is where things got really bad.
I called several times and and left multiple voicemails informing them of my cancellation.
I never received any form of return call or confirmation however they stopped charging my credit card and I stopped receiving mail from them and they stopped servicing my property so I thought things were done.
This was at the end of October.
Today (December 13th) I received a call, voicemail and text message from them asking me to contact them.
When I did I was told that I was past due on my bill and had not made a payment since October.
When I told them that was because I cancelled my service they denied ever receiving any calls or voicemails.
Most importantly they claimed to have serviced my property 3 times in the month of November.
This was an absolute a blatant lie.
I had hired another lawn company whom had done all work on my property.
Nieto Landscaping had NOT been on my property whatsoever in the month of November.
They also claimed to have mailed me numerous letters about being past due.
This was also a lie.
When I asked them to provide proof they were unable to do so.
I am sure I am not done with this fight yet but word to the wise.
Stay away from these people.

AVOID THIS COMPANY.
I hired Nieto Landscaping after being dissatisfied with my former landscapers.
They regularly put business cards in my door, and I decided to give them a try.
I own a rental home which requires yard maintenance as well as my residence.
I paid $250 for each property's initial cleanup and agreed to a monthly maintenance of $60 for each home.
While a cursory cleanup was done of my home, the rental has been completely neglected and i have received regular complaint letters from the HOA in that neighborhood.
The most recent inspection of the rental showed the front yard in shambles.
Weeds are overflowing in the grass, the rock yard is covered in weeds, and the shrubbery is overgrown.
It's almost as if no one has shown up in months.
(My bad for not following up on the work, of course).
I had previously called the company regarding weed growth in my residence, to no avail.
On the last visit, the crew spent all of ten minutes on the job here, and I had to verbally advise the foreman that the weeds were to be removed and all shrubbery was to be trimmed.
Needless to say, they're out.
We're hiring another landscaper to repair the neglect on the rental home and hopefully reestablish regular service.
And next time I have to go through this, I'll check Yelp!
reviews, obviously.
Don't bother with this outfit.

I contacted Nieto's after being disappointed with the initial service of a highly rated landscaping company.
I left them a voice mail on a Friday night and they contacted me the very next day and said they could provide me with a quote in a couple of hours if that worked for me.
I was pleasantly surprised by their quick response.
They said they would arrive between 12:00pm - 1:00pm.
They showed up around 1:15pm which wasn't too inconvenient.
The man who gave me the quote was very kind, thorough and friendly.
He gave me a very reasonable quote and said they could complete the work on Monday between 9:00am - 12:00pm.
His men came out between that time and did an exceptional job.
I was very happy with the work.
I called them back because I wanted to know if pesticides were used and they said they would call me back shortly.
I never heard from them after that, I'm sure they just forgot.
I would certainly use them again and would have given 5 stars had they been a little more responsive in the end.

Called and got a quote the same day.
Crew came out the next day and did a great job!
Price wasn't too bad either!

Nieto landscaping is horrible and inconsiderate.
The were working on my neighbor's front yard and they blew all the leaves and dirt in my clean lawn.
When I went outside and told them to clean it up since they ruined my lawn.
They finished their work and left without cleaning their mess up.
They didn't even apologize.
They are rude.
Please don't give them business until they learn good manners.
We have a yard work service also but he doesn't blow dirt from our yard to other people's and call it a job done.

