He is the only guy that answers his phone.
If you want immediate attention call him, the rest are in Hawaii.

Great service, great price, great work and a quick response time.
What else can you ask for?
I highly recommend Chavez LawnCare.

I used Omar for a front yard remodel.
I had a bunch of stuff removed, fresh rock put in and new plants added.
I reached out to him via his website late at night and had a response the next day.
He came out promptly and quoted a very resonable price.
He was very knowledgeable about the HOA rules in our area and was very helpful recommending the proper plants for the look we wanted.
He kept in touch via email and everything was finished up in less tgan a week.
I highly recommend him for any landscape work you need.

Responsive and professional.
Called Omar on Sat, he scheduled quote for front yard clean up on Mon morning.
Arrived as he said he would.
His demeanor & quote sold me.
Will definitely call again.

I had him fix the front of my house and he did a decent job.
Then I gave the assignment to do my entire backyard.
To my utter disappointment it's 80% clover.
He gave an absolute assurance that this will not happen.
Don't waste your money get a real professional company.

Omar does great work, I had him do work to my front yard and it looks amazing.
The pricing is great and he was monthly keeping up my landscaping he is very courteous, and always keeping in contact to ensure we still need his services.
Very professional would recommend him to all of my friends

I found Chavez LawnCare via Yelp when I moved here - and I am so thankful!!
Omar and his crew (family owned and operated) are amazing!
Not only are they professional, but very patient.
I had to have my backyard completely designed and called in Omar and some other companies - and Omar came in at the best design and price.
The work is phenomenal - he is very knowledgeable on irrigation and plants and trees.
The work was done quickly and they are very clean and neat.
I can not say enough.

