Yes, I'm biased.
Let's just get that out of the way right away.
I've been going to Electric Chair since before my first son was born (he's 20, BTW).
They actually moved away for a while, but now they're baaacckkk!
They're in the shop they were in before they moved to Eastern.
Which means they are on Green Valley and Horizon Ridge behind the gas station.
Great people, they're a Paul Mitchell shop, and they're a small, local business.
And Darren is very precise with my chin-length 'do.
Love ya!

Loved having my hair done by Molly here.
I followed Molly to this salon in July and had my hair done here 3 times before I had to move from the area (boo!).
It is a small salon, but very personal, and the staff was always friendly.
I highly recommend Molly Lynch for color--especially if you want something a little different.
She dyed me a perfect, ultra light red that garnered compliments from the Vegas valley to Portland and Seattle, and finally, Alaska!
:)  She knows her stuff!
I will miss her and our chats!

Had a facial with Yvonne and she was amazing!
Must get the full facial with extractions because she definitely works on your face!
She uses natural products as well so that's a plus!
I also had a haircut by Elaine and I will definitely come back just because of her!
The cut and the color was just perfect !

Just happened to stop into this place and wow what a great find.
Unlike other salons I didn't feel pressured into products or feel like I didn't fit in.
It was comfortable and clean.
Everyone was really nice.
I was a walk in and I got in right away.
I ended up with Ashley.
I knew I needed a haircut but had no idea how to explain what I wanted.
Ashley was just what every one wants, it was like she read my mind.
My hair came out perfect!
I'll be going back there next time I need a hair cut.
If you are sick of super fancy posh feeling salons but know you're not willing to roll the dice at Great Clips this is the perfect in between.
I'm so glad I found this place.

I'm so glad I was able to be squeezed in last minute here.
With kids, it's hard to find the time to take care of myself.
Making a hair appointment weeks in advance and not having to cancel it the morning of because of some daycare issue is a great feat for me.
I was in desperate need of a cut and looked around on yelp to find anyone available.
I've been in Las Vegas for 10 years but have had a really hard time finding the perfect stylist to go back to.
I called and was able to get an appointment within an hour.
It's a cute little salon.
Not too many stations.
Not overwhelmed with retail items.
Clean and nicely decorated.
I got there and was met by Judy, the owner.
She was wonderful.
Personable and pleasant.
She gave me the initial consult then off to the shampoo bowl where I got the most relaxing shampoo/scalp massage.
I could've sat there forever.
I just needed a couple inches trimmed to get my hair healthy to grow out and left it in her hands.
She gave me a perfect cut and styled it beautifully.
I loved it so much that it I had to go home and make plans instead of staying in so I didn't waste it.
Lol.
I will definitely be going back.
I got lots of compliments and passed out a couple of her business cards to friends.
Thank you so much Judy!

Love this place!
It's a great Henderson find that needs to be more well known!
Came in as a walk-in and was made at home right away!
I was paired with Gianna, and she has the hands of a god!!
Or goddess I should say... Just making a trip to get your hair shampooed by her is a must!
She gave me exactly what I wanted even though I was very nervous as I was going from long to short hair for the summer and also wanting to add some subtle ombré.
She was very gentle on my head (because I'm a big baby when it comes to the scalp) and her ombré technique was exactly what I wanted.
I didn't walk out looking like I dipped my ends in a bucket of bleach, because we've all seen plenty of those.
I will definitely be back and recommend anyone who is in need of actually getting what they want at a salon!

