PROS:   - Cheap for its location (near the strip, but barely within walking distance, better off hailing a cab out front).
- Smoke-Free and Casino Free - a (relatively) quiet place to retreat to after a crazy night on the strip.
- Family friendly (if that's a pro for you - personally do not prefer the abundance of children, but they didn't bother us either)  - Air conditioning (once you get it started) works like a champ and is not too loud.
- Decent sized room (for the money) with a refrigerator and mini kitchenette area separate from the bathroom.
Nice sized vanity/dressing area also separate from the bathroom.
- Free Parking  CONS:  - Check-in took forever.
There were only 2 couples in line in front of us, yet we stood there for a good 20+ minutes.
They had only one woman who knew what she was doing (Skip, and she was awesome!
) and actually checking people in,  while some other guy (manager?
relative of the owner?
) buzzed around her and even jumped in to "help" and messed things up.
While we were standing there, someone who'd just checked in came back to say they had been checked into a dirty room, so that took even longer.
- You may walk in on someone or have someone walk in on you.
Remember that guy buzzing around?
He  jumped in during check-in and issued us a room key while she was finishing the computer work.
...a room key for a different room than she had checked us into.
Luckily we had read the reviews on the travel agent's site and seen that several people had this same problem and actually walked in on people, so we were on guard and caught this, and Skip fixed it for us before walking away from the counter.
We kept the deadbolt locked the entire time we were in the room in case they issued our keys to someone else later.
- The cleanliness is iffy.
Our bedding and towels were clean and crisp, but the floor was not vacuumed (as evidenced by the remnants of orange crackers crushed into the carpet from the previous occupants), walls were dirty.
- The parking is not in a covered or secured lot.
CONCLUSION: This was a clean(ish), safe place to stay for pretty cheap, and other than the delayed checkin, we had no problems.
I've been in some MUCH WORSE hotels in Vegas for this price (bugs and nasty stains), so relatively speaking,  it could have been worse.
Would I stay here again?
Not if I could afford it.
But if it's all I could afford and it was a trip out of necessity, I would probably do it again.
I understand the hotel is under new management and that may be the source of the service/cleanliness problems we encountered, maybe they haven't figured it out yet... Hopefully they'll get it together because in theory a cheap smoke free hotel near the strip would be a great place to stay.

DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT stay here.
It is nasty, I feel bad for the staff because they know this hotel is about to be condemned!
Got a suite, at first was like, hmm it is nice, once that glamor wore off, reality set in, there is black mold in the bathroom, hair all over the floor, smells like cat litter, bed bugs, bed bugs, bed bugs!!!!!
I called Amex immediately and they are removing the charges, I checked the f**k out and am heading else where.
At 158 a night, you don't get what you paid for, I wouldn't even stay here for free!!!!
If I could give no stars I would!
Oh and don't go in the pool, I learned the hard way, I have a red rash all over my body and just read that it was closed down because it was a health hazard!
WTF!
If you are hungry, just look under the bed, you'll find some moldy cheese and a bloody tampon!
So glad I am out of this sh*t hole!
DO NOT STAY HERE, EVEN IF IT IS FREE!

If only I could give it no stars!
I have a small group of friends and we get together once a year.
We've been staying at this hotel for the last eight years.
It's never been an awesome place but for the cost and location we felt that we got good value out of the joint.
NOT anymore!
I have no idea what the new owners is thinking but I think he/she is cutting corners and the cheapness is making for a truly unpleasant stay.
The rooms have cleanliness issues.
The hot tub is never hot.
They have a 'free' breakfast but it's beyond barebones and not remotely good.
How do you make waffles sour!?
The new owners have removed things like tissue boxes to save on costs.
The toilet paper has a very sand like feeling.
Bring your own soap and shampoo because IF you are lucky enough to get some in the room it's beyond crappy.
Our toilet flooded and the first floor flooded on another day.
They do not cool the halls.
If you are on any floor but the first in the main building you are walking into a sauna.
The staff at the desk is for the most part very slow (Skip is the exception).
And on an on.
For the kind of services you get now this hotel is very overpriced.
You can find better for less.
Save your money.

check in took forever but i was able to wait in pool or watch cable in the dinning area.
the rooms were HOT with Ac on and no trach ben waa in the room so i had to call it in, i also had to place $100 deposit on each room!!
eww!
also the pool area had no toels and when i asked for sum they never came!!
anyhow the breakfest was so yummy that gets 4 stars!

Worst hotel experience EVER... And I stay at quite a few.
I would also give this place 0 stars if I could.
Took two hours to check in six people... lost reservations galore... three of those six people came back to report that their rooms were still dirty...  woman at the front desk was working alone and had to handle a long line and two phones ringing off the hook, and could not prioritize.
I finally just bailed, called another hotel around the corner, and was checked in and in a very clean, comfortable suite in 10 minutes.
Don't waste your time or money with this one.

Rooms are not really clean and very old.
Price is cheap but compared to what you get it's to expensive.
9 channels on the TV???
Crazy?

Please do not stay here.
First day here, I had to wait almost 3 hours for maintenance to unclog my tub.
I called the front desk several times and the lady claimed they only hand one guy available.when the maintenance guy arrives , he advises they had a few guys staffed.
I requested toilet paper, which never came.
My friend had to go down to the storage area where they keep it  to get it.
The only positives on this place is its location,  and cost.

Ahemmm, I was a regular at Ramada inn before it became this place.
If u want to pay to be treated like the trash u throw out go there.
They have become so cheap, no coffee maker, microwave, worn out towels!!
I always bring my own but I do have a certain level of expectation when it comes to comfort!
The breakfast is not nutritionally sound, and if u expect to be received well...turn around and kick rocks!
So sorry for my bluntness (sike) If u expect to be around for awhile take a lesson from the people you brought out they had it right.....and to the people at the front desk your job will no longer exsist if no one wants to deal with u.
That being said everyone have a good day or evening and know your worth!

I will never stayed this hotel.
When we checked in, they did over booking.
We were waiting for 30 minute and they found another room.
They did not apologized first time and just said you can not stay here and need to find another place.
Also they mentioned over booking was happened sometimes.
And we can not guarantee any reservation.
So if you made reservation, you might not be able to stay here!

I initially thought of giving it 2 stars and already I feel like I am too generous with the rating.
I'd give it one star because of the super affordable rate and the other is for the free continental breakfast, which I should add is very nice compared to places who offer "breakfast" when they are actually offering junk food (cookies, bagels, donuts, and/or fruits)...not really what I would consider breakfast.
Anyway, service at check in took about 20 minutes, but definitely felt like a lot longer than that because of the long line that was building up.
Not only was the service slow, but also unwelcoming.
Finding the room was a bit confusing because the hotel is split between two buildings.
If we hadn't asked them how to get there they probably wouldn't have told us themselves.
Even after all of that we were still somewhat happy with the hotel because it was such a good deal.
First night went by without a hitch.
Or so we thought.
The next morning my brother complained that he had felt itchy as evidenced by a few bites on his forearms and his leg.
We were worried, but eventually shrugged it off thinking that it could have been some skin allergic reaction.
The next morning, my other brother had said that he had gotten some bites, too.
He also said he remembered killing what he thought was a bug.
After showing us the bug he had killed, we were convinced of our suspicion.
BED BUGS!!
We looked around the bed, on the headboard, and under the sheets and sure enough we easily found 5 bed bugs.
We took pictures and took video of the incident.
Upon check out, we had told them of the incident.
We asked for the manager and we were told that because it was the weekend, there was no manager on duty and that he'd be in on Tuesday (it was a Sunday when we checked out).
The horrified hotel employee didn't even bother to look at the photos and the video.
Instead, she advised us to call on Tuesday when the manager would be in.
What legit lodging establishment does not have a manager just because it's the weekend!?!
I'm definitely not checking into this hotel again for the following reasons: 1) BED BUGS!!
2) poor front desk customer service 3) hotel policy of not having a manager during the weekends...

Be honest with yourself... you're looking into this place cos it's cheap, AND CHEAP IS WHAT YOU'LL GET!
Do not expect any type of service!
Some of the phones don't even have a "call front desk" button, and it's impossible to figure out how to reach them...  Our first room wasn't even cleaned!
There were ants on the counter, trash still in the trash bin, and stains on the blanket.
The clock hadn't been changed for daylight saving's, so you knew that the food in the fridge was there for at least a week!
(NASTY!
)  We complained and got moved to another room.
This one obviously had been cleaned (we could actually see vacuum marks on the floor this time) but there were still stains on the blanket.
Service is really bad.
When we asked for extra towels, the front desk said "they'd take a note of it" and hung ONE on our door handle an hour later without knocking to let us know or anything.
Our second room had more channels than the first one (weird.. but we lucked out?
Haha)  All in all:  1.
This place could be used for a murder scene from CSI, no joke 2.
Some rooms are na-aaa-aaaaasty!
Cabs won't drive you here  But pros.... 1.
You don't have to walk through a huge lobby to get to your room.
When you're coming home from a night of partying, YOURE COMING HOME!
This place is dirt cheap!
Can't decide if I want to give this place 1 or 2 stars.
I guess they'll get two, since I had a really really fun time at Vegas....... but they weren't the reason for it............
I don't know.
Eh!

Save your money!
I paid $100/night  for a tiny, filthy, gross room!
Check in alone took over 2 hours!
The little girls at the front desk have no clue what they're doing and they're extremely rude!
The building is ghetto looking and the pool is not in working condition.
Check in to the super eight!
DO NOT STAY HERE!

Maybe I'm just a simple gal...
I don't expect much in Vegas!
If I wanna go balls to the wall crazy I usually dont expect the place I sleep to be any luxury of the weekend...   so you wanna fridge to cool your chasers, some hangers to hang  your hooker dress on and a comfy bed to rest up before the turn up... you found it!
Luke warm free breakfast too??
HELL YAS!
Shuttle van thats takes you anywhere on the strip... you betcha!
Only a 15 minute walk to the strip so you can swing them arms and get your exersise in too!
I enjoyed my stay and will come again!

By far worst hotel I've ever stayed at .... front desk lady cristina is rude unprofessional and not knowledgeable at all!!!

You get what you paid for.
I spent one night here, room was decent, well lit, king size bed was a plus.
Came with your own mini fridge too!
What I didn't like: some of the paint in the bathroom starting to peel off (again, you get what you paid for), and how they charge you for a "late check out" (check-out is at 11 am; 15$ charge for a late check out at 2pm).
I booked this room for 33$ through a third party website, then they add another 10$ resort fee when you check out.
At least I got free wifi..

This hotel raises several questions.
Questions like: "Why is the hotel called "Fortune" when it neither costs a fortune to stay here nor does it have any level of value?
"  As well as: "Why is there a small yellow stain on the bottom of my comforter?
"  However I digress.
The hotel is a very unpleasant place.
The people at the front desk are very unfriendly.
They made us wait half an hour just to check in.
During that time I got to see the lady at the desk get upset with people with accents because she doesn't understand them, tell people all the rooms are dirty, whine to the other worker about all of us customers, and chew out a guy on the phone.
Once we finally for our room keys I noticed some of the features of this fine establishment.
Wrinkly lumpy blankets, a strange yellow stain on the comforter, a FLATSCREEN TV....that doesn't work and free wifi (from the ramada next door because it's faster than the wifi in the hotel I'm actually in.
)  All in all I give this hotel 1 star.
And a verbal demotion to MOtel.
Eric, out.

This place was decent -- as long as all you need is a place to sleep in Vegas, this place'll do just fine.
It's super affordable, and I honestly don't understand the people who expect 5-star luxury at bottom of the barrel prices.
Seriously, folks.
If you want to pay Motel 6 prices, don't come in expecting the Bellagio.
The room itself was fine -- it was warm when we came in, but the air conditioner worked fine to cool the room down.
The bed was comfy enough, and there were extra pillows.
The bathroom has a hair dryer and an iron/ironing board.
The room also had a sink and a mini fridge.
They also have a shuttle van service that'll drive you to the Strip -- that was convenient.
They don't offer pick up services from the Strip back to the hotel, though.
Their complimentary breakfast was honestly really sad -- the apple juice and orange juice weren't even real fruit juice.
The hashbrowns were soggy, and the cereal (raisin bran and fruit loops) were a bit stale.
Thank goodness for the Eggo waffles and the toaster!
Yeah, it's free, but if you want a good meal, I'd go elsewhere for breakfast.
I'll dock them a star because their website presents the lobby/building as this grand, bright space.
It's not.
The lobby is honestly pretty sad-looking in person.
It's a bit run-down.
And the hallways that take you to your room are stuffy and hot.
They also had some of the roughest, thinnest bath towels I've ever experienced.
The front desk isn't the most expedient -- they seemed friendly but sort of incompetent.
Bottom line is that this place did the job when I had a 2-day, 1-night stay in Vegas and needed a place to crash, shower and nap.

Stay away from this place!
Bad management and charging you for items not normally charged in any hotel!
I am here now and it is miserable!
Too bad there is  no Zero star option!

This is probably the last place that anyone would want to stay in Vegas.
Our other reservations fell through and we had to scramble to get this place on a holiday weekend.
The carpets are filthy and stained.
Was kinda scared to sleep in the bed, but we managed and got out super early the next morning.

Big, clean room for $29/night 1/2 mile from the strip is nothing to complain about.
They also offer shuttles until 10pm to the MGM, Venetian, and another casino I can't remember.
If you care about wrinkles in your bedspread, don't go here.
If you care about things that actually matter, like cleanliness and price, this is a decent and very affordable option.
Room was very clean, pool was clean, linens were all clean.
The lobby and indoor areas aren't as fancy as the photos, but it's a good place to crash after a night out or laze around in the A/C during the sweltering heat of the day.
Right around the corner from the center of the strip about a 1/2 mile from the Flamingo Rd/Las Vegas Blvd intersection.
Cleanliness: 9/10 Convenience: 10/10 Price: 10/10

This hotel was advertised on a third party website as a 2.5 star.
This is probably a 1 star hotel.
Rooms with strange paints, broken tile, in the bathroom and broken fountain in the pool.
If you want to stay in 1-star, then this is probably your hotel but do not expect a 2.5 star as it is advertised.
They also charge a resort fee which I think is not justified.

The only word to really describe this stay is "bummer.
"   Arrived 20 mins before the 3pm check in time and was told the room was ready but it would cost $20 for the "early" check in, at the rate of $1 per minute.
Bummer... so we sat and waited 20 mins and then returned to the desk to check in at 3pm.
I wonder what the hotel gained from this situation?
On our second day we called for more towels,  and were told no problem.
Waited an hour and no towels came so we called again and again were told they would be right over.
They still never came.
Bummer.
Called again on the third day and finally got more towels but no full sized bath towels like our first set, they were all hand towels and wash cloths.
Weird..
I enjoyed the pool one afternoon but the rack marked "pool towels" was empty, must be an overall shortage.
They have a bar in the lobby that has a walk up window that opens to the pool area, it seemed like it would be a nice set up to order drinks from the pool, but of the 4 days we were there it was never open including the weekend.
Bummer.
They advertise free wifi but it didn't work even though we tried to connect all 4 days of our stay.
Bummer..
I didn't have high expectations for our stay, I mean we chose this hotel because it was the least expensive option within a half mile of the strip.
But pretty much every interaction with the staff or attempted use of the features was a dissapointment.
I will say though that the shuttle to the strip was nice.
It only runs until 10pm and you have to find your own way back.
And the in room refrigerator was nice to have too.
However one of the 2 phones in our room did not work,  the rooms are still outfitted with old tube tvs and our shower curtain was attached to the curtain rod via a clothing hanger...?!?
A ok place if you need to find somewhere to sleep on a budget, but we will actively try to avoid this hotel in the future.

I created a Yelp account just so I could write this review.
For starters, I usually stay in affordable/cheaper hotels.
I am pretty chill when it comes to my hotel room.
I want clean bed linens, zero bugs, and I'm good.
That being said, I booked this hotel for a weekend trip to Vegas, $50 dollars a night.
My mother, and my in-laws also had a room here, and their experience was just fine.
After we arrived, I walked into my non-smoking room and was overtaken with the smell of smoke - so strong that I had to leave the room to catch my breath.
Fine, I understand, people don't always follow the -no smoking- policy in their non-smoking rooms.
However, housekeeping should have noticed the overpowering smell when they cleaned the room.
In any case, I was able to get another room on the same floor, so no problem.
My new room smelled like hamster bedding and the tiles in the bathroom were cracked, but I figured at this point I was just being overly picky, when normally this wouldn't be an issue.
Everything else appeared just fine, so we dropped off our luggage and headed out.
That night as I was getting into bed, I noticed a dead bug on the corner of the bed.
Annoyed, but trying to not make a huge deal, I got a tissue and threw it away.
Just to be safe, I decided to check the rest of the bed.
I pulled up my pillow to find, what looked like a huge eye shadow smudge.
A closer look revealed weird, tiny, squiggly black bugs.
AGH!
So then I lifted up the last two pillows to find an even larger dead bug stuck to the last pillow.
I felt like, even at a low monetary rate, this kind of thing was unacceptable.
So I called the front desk and spoke with a woman, who was nice, but seemed unconcerned that I found a good number of dead bugs in my bed.
She told me that housekeeping was closed so she would move me into another building.
I explained to her that I was staying with family and I did not want to leave the floor I was currently on, let alone, the building.
She said she would see what she could do.
About 5 minutes later, a man came to the door and handed me some folded sheets.
I ripped off the dirty sheets and set aside the pillows.
I unfolded the new sheets to find 1 fitted sheet that was not big enough to fit the bed, and one loose sheet.
No new pillowcases, for 3 bug covered pillows!
Look, I understand that I didn't pay for a luxury hotel.
And I get that sometimes these things happen.
However, I feel like even the lower end hotels should have pride in their establishment.
And I certainly feel like having bugs in the bed warrants a certain level of concerned behavior - in order to prevent situations where the customer reviews their stay ONLY because it was not as pleasant as it could have been.
Upon check out, another woman I spoke to apologized for what happened.
It wasn't her fault, I know.
She let me file a complaint, and I was told I would hear from management.
That was a week ago.

