This is the record shop I go to whenever I'm in town visiting Vegas.
They have a lot of records I have a hard time finding and at great prices.
They are very helpful and friendly too!

I only recently found this shop tucked away across from UNLV.
There's an awesome selection of used records in great condition.
I was able to pick up some records I hadn't seen elsewhere for a good price.
Any vinyl appreciators should stop by and spend some time looking through the racks.

Huge selection from everything from Frank Sinatra to big hair bands.
The prices are great as well.
I definently will be back in the near future.

Moondog is a perfect compliment to the other Las Vegas record stores - some are all about new, trendy stuff, others are full of great $2-$10 used stuff - this one is about different stuff that you can't seem to find at any of the other shops.
If you're into jam bands, punk or metal, go here first.
The owner is knowledgable and friendly to everyone.
His prices are fair, but worth an extra couple bucks because you'd otherwise have to pay shipping to get your grubby hands on the stuff he's got.

Moondog is one of the better record stores in town.
The owner is cool, they have good prices and a good selection.
The best stuff is on the wall but the bins are full of good stuff too!

I don't often write anything other than restaurant reviews but I just finished picking up some vinyl so I thought I'd share my experience.
As another helper eloquently stated, moondog is a wonderful compliment to some of the other record stores in town.
Clean and well organized and no new to shuffle through 50 cent Foghat records to find the good stuff.
Smaller selection than Zia but Moondog seems to have handle on rare and harder to find record without the hassle of having them shipped from Belgium on discogs.com The owner was very friendly and helpful naturally he knew his selection well an was quick to point me in the right direction.
He didn't even judge me when that direction was to the Beverly Hills cop soundtrack.
Kudos Moondog... And Harold fatermayer

Limited in discs but loaded in vinyl and featuring a well culled selection at excellent prices it should go without saying that Moondog will never replace my love for Used Kids in Columbus but in a city with so many big box stores and glitzy overpriced options there is something charming about a place like this - a fact that given its close proximity to my place of work will undoubtedly lead to repeat business.

Great spot to find a wide variety of records, and most other things music related!
They also have guitars and amps, and everything is priced fairly.
The owner is friendly and always helpful to answer any questions you may have.
I mostly enjoy that they have records old and new.
You're bound to find entertainment when you walk through the door!

Moondog Records is fantastic.
There is a wide variety and the prices vary.
I often go to other record shops only to find that what I am looking for is sold out.
I just purchased Power Slave.
I was given a discount for mentioning finding the shop on Yelp.
The gentleman behind the counter was also friendly.
I will definitely come back.

There are two great places in town for vinyl and this is one of them.
The guy who runs the place is really nice and super helpful.
He posts items on Facebook and has even been nice enough to hold LPs for us.
The selection is pretty good.
It's centrally located near UNLV which is cool.
Some of the prices are a little high but I totally support local businesses.
The quality of their merchandise is great.

In town on business and found time to rush over to MoonDog (I travel a lot for work and try to go to 1 local record store in every city I visit) and was happily surprised about this record store gem.
The excellent customer service is also a plus side.
Owner helped me by finding me some Prince and Bowie (both colored vinyl!!!).
Will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.

You love the vinyl hunt right?
Then go here, great selection and the owner should be the poster child for hospitality.
He Knows every record in the store.
Also sells guitars!

well-curated selection.
no deep discounts to be had, but if i was looking for a specific record, i'd think of stopping here first.
unfortunately a small classical collection.
as others have mentioned, there are guitars for sale along the back wall!

Was in Vegas and decided to check out a couple local record stores.
Found some good vinyl, and the owner was helpful.
Will return again when in town.

I am in Vegas on business and decided to hit a couple of the shops in town.
Took a cab to Moondog and was very happy with the selection.
They have a few rare gems mixed in with everything at very affordable prices.
I walked away with an original press of "Give Me Convenience Or Give Me Death" by Dead Kennedys for $25.00 and an out of print New Found Glory 7" for $9.00.
These two records would have cost me $200 at Wax Trax in Vegas.
Visit Moondog Records first, Zia Records second, and avoid Wax Trax unless you have three to four hours to kill.

