new location out front of Outlet mall.
It is Roberto's not the best not the work just plain "a ok"  update  This location  sucks.
The smell in this place is horrible, I went in today and ordered a bacon breakfast burrito...it was OK but they charged me $5 for it..I thought it was a special price on Tuesday...I guess not at this location, I am OK paying $5 for a breakfast burrito but this thing wasn't worth $3.
plus the smell oh my was it bad.

In town on vacation and wanted to get some good tacos.
Being from St Louis we dont have the variety of mexican that is available in Vegas.
We really liked the food at this location, carna asada tacos with guac and pice were VERY good and fish tacos a close second.You can get a good meal affordibly and they are open 24 hrs

The best Roberto's Taco Shop..!

We walked to Roberto's this morning at about 2 am, in search of good Mexican food.
We are from Texas and are sick and tired of all this Baja style food out here, we wanted something a little more like Mexico City.
Well, we found it here!
We both loved our food.
I had a chile relleno, chicken enchilada, chicken taco, beans, rice, and churro.
He had chile relleno, tamale, beans, rice, and churro.
Everything was very flavorful, just the way we like it.
The verde sauce was good (very hot!
), did not try the red salsa just because they usually all taste the same anyway...
I'm a verde kind of girl.
The ONLY complaint we have is that my husband's tamale soaked up all the grease belonging to the chile relleno, so it ended up tasting like a plain-ish enchilada.
My chile was on the side in its own package, so all the grease and goodness stayed where it belonged.
(And if you're getting grossed out reading about grease, that's how real Mexican food should be, FYI.
Eat it in moderation and you're perfectly fine.
We like to eat but we are not fat.
)  The meal made my husband sweat, which means it was good and spicy, just the way he likes it.
He is the one that declared it to be 4 out of 5 stars.
I liked having the scallions, radishes, and cucumber on the side.
Nice touch at the condiment bar!
Everything was cooked up nice and fresh, plenty of cheese on everything that needed cheese, no skimping.
The churros were fantastic, reminded us of the churros at the State Fair of Texas, which are literally like tasting Mexico.
Very delicious.
I love that they don't just offer Horchata like everyone else, they also had 3 other fresh juices to choose from, plus the bottled Jarritos which are always good.
Everything made for good leftovers as well.
Definitely priced well for the amount of food you get and the presentation.
And if you're worried about spicyness, don't worry.
I don't like spicy but my husband does, and we were both very satisfied.
It's all in knowing how to use your condiments wisely.

This is my favorite Roberto's location :) the  service is awesome .
I always ask for my green onions to be grilled and they do it without hesitation .
Their salsa bar is always clean and there tacos are delicious!
I love coming for the Wednesday chicken taco special.
California burrito is bomb too!
The atmosphere isn't too welcoming but whatevs I come for the food

The best Roberto's Taco Shop..!

Mmmm...Wednesday is chicken taco day.
Only 99 cents!

This is our favorite Roberto's.
Food here is excellent, the place is always clean and the people who work here are great.
2 complaints, that don't amount to much - if you eat in, the music is too loud, and the bells on the door ear-splitting if someone really swings it.
If you are taking food home, no worries.

Roberto's can be found pretty much throughout LV.
The food is excellent and well priced.
What makes this place even more awesome is the fact that it's open 24hrs.
We need this in California.
During this specific visit I ordered a chicken chimichanga which came with R&B.
The portions were so huge that I couldn't even finish it.
More importantly the taste was really good and I tried to finish but just did not have the room.
I ended up finishing the rest of the chimi R&B later and it held up well despite being in the fridge for 6 hours.

I been going to this Roberto since it opened.
The quality and size keeps getting worse.
It's right by my house.
I actually drive to another one further away to get better and more Mexican food.
New fan of Donny Tortas now

I'm really enjoying my lunch here.
Carne asada burrito platter rocks!
Nice Mexican music in the background, very clean here too.
Beans are kinda bland but everything else is tasty.

Being from SoCal, I'm a bit of a Mexican food snob.
Taco shops are on every corner and most are really good.
I have been craving good mxn food in Vegas but still looking.
This Robertos had a good tortilla and the hot sauce was alright, but the carne wasn't what I hoped.
More like boiled steak that was sitting around with little flavor or seasoning.
Service was decent and overall just OK.  May try again and get something else

I have only been to this location so I can't review what the other location are like.
I love this place.
They are friendly, fast, and willing to make changes and substitutions.
The price is good, higher than Taco Bell or Del Taco but the food is always much better.
I love the carne asada fries and beef tacos.
You get a lot of food for the price so that is a good thing.

