Sarah's Garden did the flowers for my wedding and they turned out absolutely gorgeous!
Sarah was really nice and easy to work with and she took the time to understand the feeling and vibe of my wedding, the venue, the colors, and the kinds of flowers I liked.
She then took my opinions and put together a wonderful visual inspiration board to double check she understood what we talked about.
As a diy bride, it was a little hard for me to let someone else be in charge of doing something as important as the flowers but I really had no reason to worry...Sarah really knows what she is doing!
The day of the wedding she dropped off our flowers to two different locations which was a great help.
Our bouquets were absolutely amazing and helped make the day all that better!

The moment I met Sarah I knew I was in good hands.
She did all of my flower arrangements for my wedding and they were absolutely beautiful.
I let her creativity flow with no expectations (which I think everyone should do) she is a true artist who is proffessional and affordable.
If you are looking for the best florist in town look no further!
So pleased with her work can't say it enough

When looking for a florist, I did not have to search very far.
A friend who had been in a wedding in which Sarah had worked recommended her to me and after meeting with her in person it was an easy choice.
Sarah is personable, professional, and incredible when it comes to floral arrangements.
She created beautiful bouquets and boutonnieres for my wedding that were fresh and complimented often by guests.
They were exactly what I wanted.
She was easy to communicate with throughout the planning process and helped us set up for the ceremony even though she didn't have to.
An added bonus, she is extremely affordable - flowers can be a huge cost to the wedding, and I had even considered not having any because of the cost, but Sarah is affordable and you definitely get top quality results for your money.
I would recommend Sarah and her services to every valley bride.

Sarah was wonderful to work with!
We did most, if not all, of our talking through email since I live in NYC and our wedding was in Gilbert.
Sarah was affordable and her flowers are beyond beautiful.
I had sunflowers and purple tulips and they were fresh, clean, and perfect.
I got so many compliments on my flowers.
I also love the pinterest board she does, it was very helpful seeing what she was thinking - although hers were better than the board =)

