Recently opened, they served wonderful Asian cuisine, Great Taste and very good service.
It's a small restaurant nested on the NW Corner of Arizona Ave and Ray Rd.
Our favorite is the XO Seafood Fried Rice, the fish dishes are also wonderful.
Definitely one of my favorites if not the best Asian/Chinese restaurant in East Valley.

I was at this restaurant a couple days ago, and it was just amazing!
First of all, the waitress was very nice and friendly.
I ordered the Orange Chicken as well as the Walnut Shrimp.
Both dishes came very fresh and hot.
The Orange Chicken suprised me; it was very crispy and not soggy like most other Chinese restaurants.
The Walnut Shrimp is one of the bestsellers, and on the first bite, I could tell I will be ordering this again.
Overall, the service as well as the food was truly amazing, and it's nice to know that we now have a delicious Chinese restaurant in Phoenix, and I will definitely be coming back.

Came here because they left a flyer on our front door, that is not usually a tactic that impresses me, but after reviewing the menu I was intrigued.
When we walked in we were the only customers there which can be a bad sign but it is their "grand opening" time so we decided to stay.
Owner/chef very politely offered us a table, we sat, we enjoyed, we will come again.
Started with crab puffs (light, crispy, delicious), then on to the salted fish & chicken fried rice (simple but yummy), and even though they have an extensive menu we special ordered noodles (tasty and perfectly spicy).
We were impressed with the nice service & wish them great success!

The best Chinese we've found since moving to the valley!!!
Duck fried rice very different and full of flavor!
Hong Kong style Beef Brisket also very Good!!

They deliver!
Was home on a Saturday afternoon and was looking for something local that could deliver and found this place.
We ordered the spicy orange chicken, crab puffs and Hong Kong style curry beef brisket.
We were quoted 30 min for delivery, they showed up in 20.
The chicken was very tasty was all white meat with no weird chewy pieces.
The curry beef was amazing, very good flavor with fresh veggies.
The crab puffs were of course great, it's kind of hard to mess up deep fried cream cheese stuffed awesomeness.
We will definitely be back try what else they have to offer.

Wow - great find!
This place just opened about half a year ago (according to the waitress) and it's definitely a pleasant surprise.
I ordered the braised beef soup (I love brothy soup) and it had the hearty flavor of a beef stew but it wasn't thick and it was a bit spicy.
Awesome combination.
It was a *tad* on the salty side but it didn't deter me from eating the whole thing.
Also ordered the cashew chicken - chicken was cooked well with a garlicky sauce.
This did not rock my world as much as the beef soup - definitely great Asian comfort food.
Note - it's located in a shopping plaza that is not what you would consider posh.
And the sign out front says "Chinese Food" - looks like a regular hole in the wall Chinese joint but it's got some colorful art in the restaurant.
One other thing I have to mention is that it's VERY clean.
It's nice to see them meticulously clean the tables and seats after each patron instead of just wiping it with a wet cloth haphazardly.
The wait staff was also very friendly.
You can tell they really care.

I've got to help keep the trend of these awesome reviews going!
We decided to go here for lunch with the recommendation of a friend plus the Yelp reviews and we're glad we did.
The atmosphere was lovely.
It's a small place with bright orange walls and colorful lanterns.
It was clean too.
The staff was friendly and very willing to answer questions about the dishes.
The food was very good!
We shared some orange chicken and Cantonese fried noodles with bbq pork.
We also had two pork egg rolls.
Our only complaint was the egg rolls.
We were expecting hearty egg rolls with lots of pork.
What we got was very tiny egg rolls and that didn't seem to have any pork in them at all.
Its possible they accidentally gave us spring rolls.
They were still tasty though.
Even though we live all the way in Maricopa (ugh...) we'll still make sure we come back.
It'll probably become our go-to place for some Asian dishes.

Friendly, fast and delicious!
I'm so glad I checked this place out last week.
Food was cooked perfectly and the staff are super friendly.
My only complaint is no sweet and sour came with my crab puffs.
I did take out so it might be something you have to ask for.
Crab puff were still some of the best I've had.
This is my new spot for Asian cuisine :)

This is a cute little oriental restaurant in a small strip mall.
Attractive colors and decorations and a specials of the day white board written in Chinese.
The friendly waitress (the only waitress)  translated it for us after we had ordered, they sounded good.
The place was well kept, clean, I would say spotless but it is just a few months old.
It was close to 6pm on a Wednesday and 2 other tables were occupied by orientals.
Thank goodness it was relatively quiet because service is rather slow.
This was truly a mom and pop operation, with pop doing all of the cooking.
We ordered an appetizer, House Pepper Calamari.
It was listed as spicy but had very little heat to it.
The squid was well cooked, crunchy batter, tender and tasty interior, but it was extremely salty.
Next we had a small Spicy Orange Chicken, again almost no heat to it, but tender breast meat enrobed in a light and crispy batter covered with a nice sauce.
A good sized portion.
It would have been very good if it were spicy.
I guess great for Americanized palettes.
Also ordered was Crispy Walnut Shrimp, with plump well cooked shrimp in a tasty mayo based sauce with candied walnuts.
This was a 5 star dish!
I have taken away a star for the long wait to get our food after it was ordered, the lack of spice in their spicy dishes,  and the over salting of the squid.
We will come back and give them another try.

Oh the lady that took my order over the phone was super nice!!
This place must be awesome....
It pains me to give a bad review considering the customer service and delivery speed were both superb.
The food, on the other hand, was terrible.
We ordered crab puffs, chicken fried rice, and general tsos spicy chicken on fried rice.
The general tsos chicken was not spicy at all - despite the fact that I asked for extra spicy.
The chicken was soggy and bland -- clearly it had been sitting around and not fresh.
Instead of fried rice, I received white rice (sadly this was the best part of the meal).
The veggies were also soggy and clearly not fresh.
My wife had the chicken fried rice and very rarely does she give a negative review, but even she said it was her least favorite yet.
I noticed she had to put extra soy sauce on to enjoy it.
The crab puffs did not have enough filling, but had a nice crisp to it.
This item felt a bit overpriced for the amount of filling you get.
The sweet and sour was satisfactory though.
Overall this is your typical, hole-in-a-wall, low quality, cheap Chinese food that most people allow to pass as decent Chinese food.
The only reason I did not give a one star review is because they had excellent customer service, the prices are lower than most Chinese joints, and they delivered quickly - though that's likely because the food is not fresh.
My search for great Chinese food in AZ continues...
SIGH

This was a very nice surprise.
I usually don't have much faith in chinese delivery, but my husband really wanted it.
I got the Thai chilli shrimp and he got the orange chicken.
They made the shrimp and broccoli without sauce for my four year old son (which he gobbled down).
I didn't care for the fried rice that came with my combo, but the rest of it was delicious.
If you're a spicy food fan you might want to get out your sriracha, as the spice level is a bit tame.
It was also delivered quicker than we expected and everyone was very friendly.
I can be a bit awkward on the phone, but the woman who took my order was very nice and patient.
The guy who brought it was also very nice.
We will absolutely be getting delivery from these guys again.

Great food; I really enjoyed it.
I had the orange chicken and the beef lo mein.
The large pieces of all white meat chicken were very lightly breaded, which was perfect.
Most places seem to over-coat their chicken.
Great, not too sweet flavor, but not at all spicy like the menu claims, so don't worry.
The beef lo mein had tender lean beef, perfect texture, not waxy like at some places.
As others have mentioned, don't come here for the fried rice.
Although, like normal rice, it's bland and featureless, it makes a good combo with the orange chicken.
I just wouldn't want it as an entree.
The pork egg rolls are also skinny and lightly filled.
If it weren't for those gripes, this would have been an easy 5 star review.
Everything else I had was amazing.
But in my mind everything has to be perfect to get 5 stars.
Final note: if you really need your Chinese to be super spicy, then just don't come here.
But don't give it 1 or 2 star rating because your Chinese food didn't peel the skin off the inside of your mouth.
Most people are human beings and just enjoy good, flavorful Chinese food.
If you need more than that, keep a bit of habanero pepper on hand or something.
So word of advice, many things on the menu have a hot pepper next to them showing that they are spicy but they aren't.
Just really good, quality flavor.

I ordered sesame chicken and walnut shrimp, egg drop soup, crab puffs and an egg roll.
The walnut shrimp was pretty good.
It was the best part of the dinner.
The egg roll was not too bad.
Unfortunately, that is the only good to report.
The food was barely warm when it arrived.
The crab puffs were terrible and bland.
It was the worst sesame chicken I have ever eaten.
Although the egg roll was good, I have a feeling it was previously frozen.
I have smoked cigars bigger than the egg roll.
The egg drop soup was full of carrots and peas.
Pretty poor excuse for egg drop soup in my opinion.
I don't think I will order from them again in the future.
There are better places in the area.

I ordered the Satay Kway Teow which wasn't terrible but it was bland.
I used the salt and pepper with some soy sauce to give it some flavor.
My boyfriend got the Thai Spicy Shrimp soup and I did not like it.
The flavor was confusing and it just didn't taste good.
However the owner was super nice and attentive so I feel bad for leaving a bad review.. Maybe it was just what we ordered?
But I was not satisfied with our dinner and it was a waste of our money.

So glad to find a new Hong Kong Chinese restaurant!
The chef used to work at a 5 stars restaurant in Hong Kong.
The family just started their restaurant in this humble small location.
I had their beef tomatoes soup for lunch and now coming back for dinner.
I can tell their soup use real broth and no msg.
Unlike other Chinese restaurants, Hong Kong Chinese Food doesn't over season their food with salt and keeping it healthier : )  there are some reviews here that complain the taste being blank, for me it is a plus knowing less chemicals are in my food : ) You can always put more salt and soy source on your own.

If I could add an extra star, I would.
I have never eaten in the restaurant, but I have ordered delivery several times.
I am a creature of habit so I usually always order the Hong Kong Noodle Soup and the crab puffs because they are delicious- but tonight I changed it up a bit.
On the recommendation of the sweet lady on the phone, I order the Indonesian fried rice.
It was unbelievably flavorful and had a nice kick to it.
I also ordered the braised beef stew and it was THE best soup I have ever had in my life!
I cannot even find the words to tell you how amazing this soup is!
I work right across the street at the apartment complex and I will be recommending this to all my residents and coworkers.
Don't miss out on this gem!

I really appreciate being able to find authentic flavors for Chinese food when in Chandler.
I found this place based on Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed!
The place is not fancy- but it is bright, cheery, and clean and DEFINITELY locally owned.
Gotta love that!
The owner was very friendly and personable.
I told her I drank a lot of water and she promptly left me a whole pitcher to replenish myself- which of course makes me very happy!
Now to the food- the menu has a good selection between American Chinese and authentic Chinese food.
They also have a special Hong Kong menu which I think I will try when I'm in the area.
I ordered the Hong Kong style beef brisket curry and I was not disappointed!
Just the right creaminess with a hint of cocunut milk- with huge chunks of beef brisket.
Portion size plenty for two people to share.
It was down right delicious.
I wish there were more people eating with me so I could have ordered more dishes to share and sample.
If you live in the area and you're Asian or love authentic Asian food, this is a hidden gem!

I have been to this place time many times here are the dishes that I recommend: good for sharing: garlic shrimp, marinated duck, egg plant with pork.
Good for going alone: any fried rice, any noodle soup but I particularly love beef tomatoes noodle soup.

Come Check out this place :)  Very decent food if you if you are looking for HK/asian style food.
I thik they are like Asian Cafe in mesa but with less asian variety for the moment.
They have the typical HK cafe kind of food, like wonton noodles, beef chow fun, duck lo mien, rice plates.
They also have the very typical dishes you can order in restaurants here like peking pork chop, walnut shrimp, singapore fried mei fun, various kinds of hot pot.
They also do some pretty interesting dishes, U can usually see those on their daily boards or special boards in addition to their menu.
Most of the dish ordering items are good for sharing.
if you are in a smaller group, definitely do their rice plates, or noodle soup or fried noodle items for individual  I have also tried their lunch special of mapo tofu, its americanized, but since its lunch special, thats understandable, still it was tasty and a decent size lunch portion for the price.
No complains there.
I don't judge a dish based on its cooking style, if its a good american chinese dish, it is a good american chinese dish.
Of course if you use the asian taste for mapo tofu, its gonna look like an utter fail due to the fried tofu and slightly sweet chilli sauce, but they are two different thing okay.
Do come here to try their unique dishes like chao chow duck and garlic shrimp.
I will get some chow fun and lo mein to go one evening and see if they do a good job with those ;)

Adore the family that owns it.
I love the cashew chicken and the crab puffs are amazing.
Give this place a shot and I am sure you will keep their number saved in your contacts !

Nice people that work there.
Kitchen seemed very clean.
Food was pretty good but portion for price paid was way way off.
Food did seem a bit oily also.
I kinda halfheartedly recommend it.

I'm apparently the only one who did not think was very good.
General Tso's chicken let me down.

I absolutely love this place we order delivery all the time.
The service is always fast and the food is always great.
The Thai-tea is really good too.
I am glad they moved in so close to me.
Going to have to visit the restaurant sometime.

Not sure why this place got such high ratings.
I love pan fried noodles so we ordered Chicken Cantonese Chow Mein.
The chicken was slimy and the veggies were obviously past their prime, the sauce tasted bottled.
We also had crab puffs which were good but I didn't see any crab and the dipping sauce also seemed bottled and goopy.
I much prefer the chicken pan fried noodles and pot stickers from C-fu.
We will not be back.

Wow!
We found this place on Yelp when another nearby restaurant was closed.
We will be back for sure.
We had the crab puffs, the Indonesian fried rice and the braised beef in curry.
Everything was excellent.
The braised beef in curry was incredibly tender and tasty.

Delicious food!
Dishes come with white or fried rice and everything tastes delicious.
I personally got the ma pao tofu and chow fun.

Ordered delivery tonight.
Took an hour to deliver, which I guess is normal...
However it was such a disappointment once I took my first bite (I was starving mind you, so normally the first bite of anything always tastes delicious) I was very disappointed.
I ordered the Teriyaki chicken combo, the egg roll was very tasteless, the rice was just as bad and the teriyaki chicken was quite honestly ...
Gross!
I was amazed this place gets such high reviews, I've had way better Chinese at other establishments.

