First time at this group of hotels.
Pretty new, only one in UK, another to open in Edinburgh and one in London.
Rooms not very big but great price and location for a weekend in Edinburgh.
Rooms clean, comfortable, good shower and free wifi!

This is a fairly new property I think.
It is a German company and has most of the amenities you would want.
It is priced on the budget minded side so it won't break your bank.
Location is really good.
Near the Royal Mile and Waverley station without being too noisy.
Very easy to walk to everything we wanted to do.
Has WiFi but we did have to re-log in every day.

gute lage im stadtzentrum.
shoppingmeile und sehenswürdigkeiten, sowie gute pubs in laufweite.
das hotel ist neu, gut gepflegt und hat bemühtes/nettes personal.
ideal für einen kurztrip nach edinburgh.
längere aufenthalte eher nicht, da die zimmer recht klein sind.

Had Continental style breakfast here a short distance from Waverley Station as I had half hour before a train home and wanted to try somewhere new.
Motel1One is nearby and a easy two minute walk, slightly uphill towards the castle from the station.
On entry it's modern, cosy has tons of cool yet bright pastel and mochilato colours to accommodate your cold wintertime self.
Wooden floors, warm rugs, sheepskins on the sofas, slate walls and oak barrelled tables, with slight distinct Scottish themes due to their tartan furnished accessories completes the feel.
I sat in One Lounge, had tea and food self served for well under £10, you know bran, meats cheese and croissant that sort of stuff.
With a copy of local newspaper in hand I really needed to eat, stay warm and access wifi, the reasons I came in.
Some hotels in the city give you access to wifi if your a paying guest, but repeated attempts to access their wifi even with staff help, eventually gave access but in German.
On going to reception again for additional help the staff were great got the correct website for me, but still no luck.
Hmmm, by the time this was all done I came back to cold tea and didn't really have time now to finish a second cup of hot Earl Grey, so sorry to staff for removing an almost full cup of tea.
Great place though nice breakfast and funky decor especially the plasma tv displaying a roasting log fire in reception, but sadly for me no easy access to wifi when badly required.
Maybe next time I will endeavour to try food against technology!

Well, i like the idea of Motel One.
Always in the center of the city, somehow modern design, good beds.
No fancy unnecessary stuff.
All of this is true for this motel one in Edinburgh.
Perfectly located even if it's hard to discover.
Breakfast is ok, but not more.
Service is friendly.
No twin rooms available..

