This is where I had my most recent hair cut.
The hair stylist there Alex, is very talented!
She is also very friendly and has reasonable pricing.
Alex also does spray tans, which sounds interesting!!!
Great location on the Westside, in Boca Park.
Upscale...

I went here and Alex did a fantastic job with my extensions she blended them perfectly to my medium length hair.
She was the best price and did the best job.
The hair she uses so nice and it's real hair.
Very easy to manage too!
She also does spray tanning which I plan to do soon!!

I went today and I have to say I'm really happy with my tan so far.
Alex did a fantastic job with helping me determine the appropriate natural color and she made me feel super comfortable completely nude!
Its always interesting but you can tell this isnt anything out of the ordinary.
She dried me and powdered me to make sure everything was even.
We joked about coloring in 6pack abs but shes great with contouring.
I got my tan a few hours ago and I was super worried on my way home about it melting off because I was sweating all over.
Im back at the office and I have checked everywhere and i had to blot a little bit but overall I'm super happy with it.
Its a great color-- I've already received multiple compliments about it.
Ill update with how long it lasts, and proper care!
Love this place :) OH yes!
and Alex does mention when you make a reservation its a little tricky to find.
On the right side of the plaza up the stairs and down a hall.
Ask for specifics!

Best spray tan I have ever had!
I have had a ton of spray tans in my life, and this by far surpassed all of the others.
Professional,organized, and customized.
Incredible scents so the spray tan doesn't smell, shimmer to give it a flawless glow, and the powder to keep it from being sticky are the little things that make this the best place to go.
Not only do you get all of the extra little things, but the price is perfect: $40.
Seriously can't get any better than this.

I found Alex by using Groupon and Yelp.
I am from the Bay Area in CA and was visiting for a wedding that I was in here in Vegas.
I needed a tan and called Alex.
I had some concerns as I am 30 weeks pregnant.
My time was very limited due to pre wedding events but Alex found time to fit me into her busy schedule as well and went above and beyond to answer all my questions and concerns and make sure I was prepared for my appointment.
I've only done a spray tan once in a booth years ago and hated the orangish look that comes along with it.
My customized tan by Alex was not only a perfect color but I got a lot of compliments on it as well.
I was so satisfied with the friendliness and professionalism by Alex that I tipped her the difference of what I paid for the Groupon and what the actual price for the tan was.
I visit Begas at least a couple times a year and look forward to visiting even more so just to visit Alex.
I only wish she would move to Cali!

Alex is wonderful!
I just had a spray tan and she is so friendly, professional, and thorough.
I've done every kind of spray tan: spray booth, custom spray, DIY from a can.
I can honestly say I have never had someone as detailed as Alex!
I just love her and will definitely be back!!

Open your mind, your pores and your heart for the best Professionally applied spray tan process in the Las Vegas Area.
Alex is not only a true Cosomotologist offering the services of much larger Beauty Salons.
This is no strip mall tanning parlor.
Your personal experience with Alex will be like having a personal Chef do a specialized event for you.
Great Groupon voucher as well to get you acquainted with her exclusively person services.
She is on our A list as she will be joining yours.

Soooo glad I found Alex at Studio Bronze.
Amazing spray tan and hair!!
She does an awesome job and doesn't charge an arm and a leg!

Just got a spray tan today.
Felt super comfortable with Alex.
My tan came out super even and the exact color I wanted.
I'm extremely happy with the results and the price: $30 if you have a student ID.

Alex is great!!!
I've come to her many times for all my high school dances and she has done my hair for about a year.
Her tans are great, and she is awesome at hair.
She's the best I've found for an ombré.. She knows the right way to create one!!
Alex always works around my schedule & always squeezes me in.
She is so reasonable with her prices for the work she does.
I recommend her to anyone who needs a great tan and someone to take care of their hair!

Studio Bronze is the best!!
Order less and doesn't feel heavy, AT ALL!!!
Such a natural coating and bronze, no one even knows!!
#perfection !!!!
I was intimidated to go in and she made me feel comfortable...She is the best!

I loved my most recent spray tan from Alex at Studio Bronze!
Being new to town I have been Yelping just about everything.
I saw the great reviews and photos with Studio Bronze so I decided to give it a try.
When I made my appointment Alex was able to get me the same day.
She was very accommodating and made me feel very comfortable.
The solution Alex uses is the best I've seen.
There is no funky smell, no orange tint and it lasted 11 days without getting blotchy.
Once I decided to exfoliate, I removed it so easily.
I won't go any where else!

