I used Lex Bergan Photography when we were in the area visiting family for a themed photoshoot with my two year old daughter.
I had a general idea that I wanted her in our favorite sports team cheer outfit and Lex took it from there!
She had so many fantastic ideas for making the Photos look amazing.
My daughter is not quick to warm up to new people, but Lex quickly made her feel comfortable and she actually enjoyed having her picture taken (very unusual!
) Lex makes the situation very natural.
Not posed and stiff like those places in the mall.
If you want pictures that look like the best version of your family and not those awkward family photos then definitely go to this photographer.
I can't say enough good things!

So far we've used Lex 3 times for pictures, and each time they have been amazing.
My 4 year old is a bit shy but her personality shone through in all of her pictures.
We actually just did my sons 1 year pictures this past weekend, and I cannot wait to see the proofs!
Totally recommend her!

We used Lex Bergan for our family photos.
The pictures where amazing!
I love all of them.
She was really good at giving direction to get the best picture without that jcpenny posed look for our family picture and she got amazing candid pics of all of us just being ourselves.
Her prices are great and she established rapport with my girls (5 and 22 months) almost immediately.
The most amazing part is she got my oldest daughter not to have that fake posey smile in every picture and got her to smile naturally when she realized the camera was on her instead of posing.
I cannot say enough great things about Lex and her photography!
She's amazing!

Lex was awesome.
She was very accommodating for schedule and location.
She was on-time and stayed until we were all pleased with the photos taken.
Having two kids (6/3) can be very challenging as parents and even more so for a photographer.
Lex spent a lot of personal time with them which made the pictures very natural looking.
She had some great ideas for locations, outfits and type of poses that would show us off the "best".
Why go to a big box store and get pictures taken from a 16 year-old with a few cheesy backgrounds?
And then they attempt to upgrade you for everything?
Lex gives you one price and a few options to best suit your needs.
At the end, you're going to want all the pictures because you'll look that good.

My Family consists of 3 Jack Russells, I wanted someone who had the patience for them, Lex was absolutely wonderful!
I am set for life now...
I was so nervous but she made me feel at ease & all of my ''kids'' loved her, which is unusual for one of them  so I knew we were in good hands..
I feel she went out of her way for us, she is definitely a people person!!!
I  highly recommend her if you are looking for a down to Earth fun person...  Thanx sooo much!!

