Gilroy pizza is a garlic cheesy pizza topped with sausage, pepperoni, tomato add red pepper and jalapeño for spice.
Happy hour you get a 16" pizza half price.
Regularly $17.99.
Steal!!!
Plus along with Happy Hour, any alcohol, I mean any is half off.
Round of shots please!
They also have a monthly menu so don't forget to check that out.
Sweet potato curly fries however were far from curly though.
its ok, no biggie.
Tonight they had a special promotion for a sample of some cinnamon tequila, not for me, but who ain't down for some free liquor.
I must say this is the cleanest PTs I've been too.
It doesn't stink of old carpet.
Nicely decorated with plenty of room to just chill with your group.
Pool tables, a jukebox, TVs to watch the game and our waitress was awesome!

Best PT's I've been to in town!
Like the other PT's, this location serves up the same drinks and food as the other bars.
Happy hour, pizza, and pretty decent draft selection all like the other spots.
However, what sets this place apart is the tavern itself.
This place used to be a Roadrunner but recently got bought out.
As a result, this place is unlike any other other PT's in town.
The tavern is HUGE, nice large patio with fire pits as you enter in, plenty of dinning and bar space and a bowling alley!
The bowling alley is nice feature unique to this location, I call it Flintstones bowling as you use a small bowling ball to knock down pins attached to ropes.
There are 2 lanes and it adds a nice touch to the place.
There is a nice western feel to this PT's, alot of cow hides and cowboy decor around the place.
This probably the cleanest PT's in town, no dirty carpet or cigarette stench.
Food/drink wise its the same as the other bars, so if your on the south side, this the PT's you need czech out.

Here is your standard Vegas chain bar with the table top gambling and the generic beer on tap.
They play great music, have comfortable chairs and booths if the bar isn't your place and it's clean.
A friend and I met there for a beer and my friend went to the bar and ordered.
Instead of being given a choice of beer sizes they filled up the biggest glass they had and put it down before we could object.
It would have been nice to have a choice, but not that big of a thing since we didn't mind.
There is also very little service if you don't sit at the bar.
We got checked on once in the hour and a half we were there.
I guess with that huge beer they figured we wouldn't need anything for awhile.
The really, really negative is that the bathrooms are total rest stop quality.
They are filthy, (classy) people have written all over the walls, toilet paper and paper towels everywhere.
It's just gross.
I would highly recommend you avoid those if you go here.
It's not someplace I would go back to again, but I can see the appeal.
I think.

Spencer is the best!!
He knows exactly what I want when I walk in the door.
I always bring new people to the bar and treats them like they've been coming in forever.
Foods great, drinks are great and so is the staff :) the PTs on Maryland is the spot to be

Waitresses take far too long to bring drinks And also too long to bring back the check.
She had to ask her manager to help her because they messed up my party's check.

Had two bad experiences here with waitresses taking way too long with my drinks.
The last visit I counted 38 minutes before I decided to grab the check at the bar.
Seating is great and there's a lot of space for an event but if you want your drinks order at the bar.
Seems like they're focusing on their food menu more than anything else.
3 stars only because before all the advertising this was an awesome hangout where the drinks were coming.
No one should be left thirsty.
No one!

Stopped in for a quick beer since my brother's plane was delayed an hour .
and was pleasantly surprised .
even though I was an out-of-towner, and everyone there appeared to just have gotten off work .
I was treated like a local.
The bartender was attentive and kept track of my needs .
even taking time to strike up a conversation.
The beer was super cold .
super big .
and cheap.
Good thing I had to go and get my brother .
otherwise this could have been a really bad night .
because those beers were going down way to easy.
Definitely on my shall return list .
just that .
next time I will spend a little more time here.

A friend and I like to stop in here after work.
I love the ridiculous decor with the high back bright colored chairs amongst the longhorns and fake cow hide booths.
The food is the same as most other PT'S I've been to.
I usually get the boneless bucket with twister fries.
The bourbon flavor is my go to however I sometimes change it up with Asian bbq or maple hot.
I also recommend the bikini wrap if you're looking for a lighter fare.
This place has a beautiful outdoor patio with a fire pit.
I'd give it another star but some ares seem a little run down.
The one time I asked for cheese sauce with my fries, it seemed as though it was from the bottom of the can and had been sitting all day.
Other than those minor things, this is always a go to after work.
Proximity to 215 doesn't hurt either!

