Ahhhh food so good!
But it takes forever to cook it!
But Atleast I know it's not being microwaved and served in 3min.
So it's worth the wait!

This place just opened in this area, and i was excited and looked forward to what they are famous for, their wings.
I ordered 50 wings, they were ready in less than 10 minutes, and didn't taste well.
The wings were soggy, seemed microwaved and for 50 wings, ranch given was not enough.
Hopefully going forward they can improve the service and food.

Tried the 2 things most recommended by the girl who answered.
Pizza and some Pastrami sandwich.
The pizza was doughy and very bland and the sandwich was stuffed full of dy pastrami on what tasted like stale bread.
This is last resort food at its finest.
I hear the wings are good, maybe thats the only thing worth getting.

The chicken wings were awesome!
And the hotdog was great for the price.
It came with fries for only $3.50.
Great for the price.
Used the wing meat the next day for a crostini topped with a red bellpepper gouda and meat from the leftovers!
It was a good meal at a reasonable price!

I was excited when I saw this place was opening because its closer than Marcia's Long Wongs which is where my family and I usually go.
I put in our usual order and was very disappointed!
Everything thing tasted "soggy".
The wings were not very good and the fries were soft, soggy and not very good at all.
I'm not giving them a 3 star or higher because I think they have a lot of improving to do.

I have eaten here twice now and both times the food was very good.
I had the steak sandwich,  my son had the patty melt and I have also tried one of their hot dogs before.
The fries and the onion rings were both fresh and tasty.
Maybe I just have gotten lucky,  but I have nothing bad to say.

I've eaten here about 6-7 times.
On a few occasions they can be reasonable.
But far too often the wings taste like left overs which were microwaved from the previous day.
Quality is not important to this restaurant.

