I usually never write a review on Yelp, but this product was so horrible I had to.
I live in Tempe on Mill.
I went to the new GiGi's on Mill ave. Now, I LOVE cupcakes.
I walked in, overwhelmed by the flavor options and asked for a sample.
No.
Ok.
I ordered the Kentucky Bourbon.
$4 for the cupcake.
The packaging was pretty.
And the pros end there.
Where to begin....
The frosting was disgustingly sweet but with no taste.
It tasted like  glue mixed with powdered sugar.
There was also a massive amount of frosting.
Scraped the frosting off and proceeded to eat the cake.
It was rock hard on the outside, almost like it was a few days old and then oily on the inside.
So much oil in fact that I had it all over my hands.
The cake was dense and heavy.
I decided to call it quits and pitched it.
I went to the lady at the counter, disappointing and said "You really should offer samples.
I just paid $4 for something which was inedible," and began to politely explain why the product was not good.
She looked angry, emotionally distraught and as if she was about to cry.
Finally she said, "Ok".
Ok?
That's how you handle customer service?
Not only does GIGis sell a horrible product, they have a horrible business if that is how they treat their customers.
Any normal restaurant would say, "I am sorry to hear that, I will let the manager know.
"  I will never be returning even though I live one block away and will tell my friends and family the same.
STAY AWAY.

My experience at the store was quite good, except for the cupcakes.
The service was good and friendly, the store was neat and attractive, and generally it was a good experience.
The one (and only, as far as my experience went) major problem with the store, every cupcake was laughably overfrosted (which is characteristic of Gigi's corporate cupcake recipes, I have come to discover).
No one in their right mind orders three inches of flavored butter cream frosting on top of an inch and a half of cupcake.
If they had cupcakes a normal person might enjoy, I would probably go there regularly.
The cake itself was slightly oily, but definitely moist and on par with any cupcake shop I have been to.
It was reasonably priced for a boutique cupcake shop as well.
With its current selection of frosting with a side of cupcake, however, I don't think I would go back nor recommend it to friends.
I feel bad giving it such a low rating, as it is a franchise, and I think everything that the franchise owner was doing was right.
It was just a bad approach to cupcakes taken by Gigi's corporate.
And presentation and atmosphere must take a back seat to an inferior product.
Edit: After consultation with friends and family, I have discovered there is a large community of people who enjoy massively over frosted cupcakes.
Surprisingly, that community extends beyond age six as well.
I have therefore, in deference to this deviant community, increased my rating to 4 stars.
It is not my cup of tea, but I suspect some people would enjoy a trip to Gigi's.

If you're looking for a gourmet cupcake in Tempe, this is the place.
It's a little expensive, but it's that kind of store, so no big surprise.
I agree with the other reviewers that there is a lot of frosting (almost the same height as the cupcake itself), but it's heavenly if you like frosting and get a flavor you like.
I had a strawberry cupcake (the one with the strawberry butter cream frosting, not the strawberry cream cheese frosting) and the mojito flavored ones.
I really loved the strawberry one.
It was very light, frosting and all.
The mojito one was so-so.
Hard chunks of lime rind and wayyyyyyyy too much mint flavor in the frosting and cake.
It should be renamed mint.
A friend had the cookie dough one and said both the cake and frosting tasted like actual cookie dough.
She said it was amazing.
All their cupcakes are beautifully decorated, which is nice, especially if you're getting one as a present for someone else.
Some times the people in the store (employees, owners or other customers) can be very pushy, which is a major turn off.
But I haven't had that experience every time I've been there.
The Tempe location is supposed to be getting some frozen yogurt added to their menu options soon.
That may help those who need to mellow out so much frosting.
I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a little sweet fix and are in the Mill district.

HANDS DOWN.... To much FROSTING.
I mean there is a limit.
I love frosting but the tiny cupcake and mounds of frosting just don't work for me.
Sorry.
I am a sprinkles person.
I prefer the taste and portioning much better.

I went to Gigi's on a Wednesday.
I often walk past this place because I rarely see many customers there.
I was glad I finally decided to stop in.
I tried the Sopapilla cupcake.
The recipe is a great idea and was executed well.
As a point of reference, I'd rate MY Dad's Favorite Cupcakes (similar style cupcake) at four stars.
Here are reasons why I was satisfied with my experience  1.
Finally, a cupcake vendor on Mill!
Why other places do not sell cupcakes is beyond me.
Haters and owners of other confectionaries* take note.
If you think you can do better, by all means, put your money where your mouth is.
Frosting with a purpose - this is a specific type of cupcake, where the main feature is the frosting.
So if you are looking for a muffin with glaze on it, go elsewhere.
However, if you are looking for a fun, flavorful crown of creamy goodness with a small bit of cake underneath, try Gigi's.
I was happy with the consistency of the frosting.
Selection - the variety is interesting and creative.
The menu looks interesting.
I'm looking forward to returning 4.
Frozen yogurt - much better than the previous occupant.
The peanut butter flavor I sampled was divine.
I was not so happy with the prices, lack of smaller-sized cake options, and slight dryness of the cake.
* I often suspect that the people who post the worst reviews, type in obnoxious ALL-CAPS-OMG, and have no photos on their profiles, are competitors, jaded lovers, or some other non genuine sort.
Real reviewers review the restaurant based on what that place intends to offer, not what you think should be on the menu.
Yeah I'm talking about you, fake Yelper, Felper, or what have you.
If you are a genuine Yelper and indeed hate the place, then that's okay.

Their frozen yogurt is surprisingly adequate, considering the cupcake chain primarily deals with, well, cupcakes.
I personally find the cupcakes to have far too much frosting that overpowers the flavor of the cake.
However, I've found the Apple Pie cupcake to be quite tolerable.

So the cupcakes looked beautiful.
We walked in and they had about ten flavors artfully displayed.
The had a bananas foster cupcake on display with a big metal sign stuck in it saying "bananas foster".
I ordered it and the girl promptly yanked the metal pole out and handed me my cupcake.
I couldn't believe I didn't get a fresh one, just the display one with the sign stuck in it.
It was good, except for the crust that had obviously built from a day of being displayed.
If they were out of fresh ones then I would have been happy to have been informed to order a different kind.
I wish I could offer a more positive experience but I feel like they blatantly didn't care about the quality of their product.

I did not enjoy my cupcake like I should have, although it was beautifully presented.
I tried the birthday cake cupcake and it was just average, nothing special about it.
I definitely want to give some more stars but it didn't satisfy my sweet tooth in any way.
I am a dessert guru but this is not the place, cake is dr-dr-dry.
Maybe next time I would try one of the chocolate cupcakes, if I go back.

Nasty , dont waist your money.
Tried the carmel chocolate chip blonde .. the frosting was was too sweet and the cupcake was so dry.
Save your 4 bucks and walk down to Ritas!

This place has the most beautiful not to mention, delectable treats!
I was only a big fan of Sprinkles until coming here.
They are right up there with the big dogs!
Yummy!

Stopped in at Gigi's cupcakes today while walking around the Tempe Arts festival.
There were 5 or 6 flavors available, and just a few of those flavors at that.
I tried the wedding cake just because none of the other flavors looked good.
My daughters got red velvet and princess.
It was okay.
The frosting was really sweet and tasty but the actual cake was a little dry and reminded me of store bought.
I wasn't too impressed with the presentation   Everything was just so so.
I will not be rushing back.
Plus, they did not have any sort of chocolate in their selection!!
What the heck is that about?!?

I came here the other day on a whim because some friends and I were craving some cupcakes and we always see this place on our way to school.
We had to wait a bit for it to open because it as 10:45 and it opened at 11:00, but whatever.
We just sat in the Starbucks a few doors down until it opened up.
I got the cupcake of the day, I believe it was raspberry peach or something, and my friends got carrot cake and lemon.
I don't know they both seemed to enjoy their cupcakes, but for me it was way too sweet.
I prefer a rich and moist cupcake over one that tastes like straight up sugar.
Lots of them also looked like they had too much frosting.
That is mainly the reason I chose the one I did.
It looked as if it had the least amount of frosting on it.
I wasn't too impressed with the selection.
They had a few flavors, but not as many as I've seen in other cupcake places.
The last thing I was annoyed with was their cupcakes are not made fresh at their location, they ship them in from another one so once they are out, they are out.
And if you come at the end of the day ,you are getting old ones from the morning.
Not like other places where they ill keep baking throughout the day.

OMG!
The stuffed cookies.. makes you want to cry in shame because you know you have to eat the whole thing.
I also tried the Bourbon /Chocolate cupcake and was very impressed with the flavor.
Cake was moist, frosting just right, and the bits in the cake made for a moist and chewy texture.
I will be back !

Delicious delicious cupcakes.
The cookie dough frosting is the best thing mankind has ever made!
I love the selection of flavors.
The are large so bring a friend to split with you.
Some people complain about too much frosting - this is simply not something to complain about.
Some say they are too difficult to eat - use a fork or spoon.
You are indulging in a cupcake, it's not a quick grab on the go snack, sit down and enjoy it.
I've tried lots of nearby bakeries and Gigi's cupcakes are the best is town.

Stopped in around 5pm for a cupcake on a Saturday.
The cashier was not very friendly, and seemed annoyed to have to answer questions.
The cupcake was not fresh, tasted like it was at least 3 days old.
The gigantic mound of icing on top did not disguise that stale taste either.
Won't be back and wouldn't recommend.
Booooooo

