Karl and his staff were so helpful.
I came in without an appointment, he ordered my tires, and had them installed by the end if the day.
What a professional!

5 Starz all the way!!!
Customer service and car service.
And that's a lot coming from me.
Don't believe me, check out all my other reviews.
I don't play!
I tip my hat off to Bobby the mechanic because in the end, he is the one that got my truck in tip top shape.
Also to Ken the floater, Carl the Manager and Robert.
These guys are amazing!
I just got here 3 weeks ago from Colorado and my Goodyear in Colorado did not do me justice.
I think they did their best but the shop is full of young 20 somethings who couldn't get the job done.
I had gotten new tires with the old Goodyear back in October, 3 wheel alignments in less than 8 months & shocks and struts.
All that and my truck swayed back and forth, shuck out of control at only 40 mph and honestly just felt like it was just going to fall apart.
Ken got me a great discount on a new set of Silent Armors because my old ones were lemons (which caused all the problems), Carl has a heart and took care of me like I was family and they got me on the road and now my 2006 Pathfinder drives like new!!!
I won't be going to anyone else in Vegas to take care of my baby and neither should you!

Very good customer service, Carl the manager was super friendly, was in and out in 20 min

5 stars!!
Very nice guys!
I will be coming back anytime I need anything done to my car!

Karl and his team fixed my flat tire 30 minutes before closing.
Great service and no charge!
It's so surprising to have a place willing to do this service for free, presumably to build goodwill for a future purchase.
I will definitively consider them when it is time for new tires!
Thanks Karl!

I went passed three other tire shops to go out of my way for this one to buy 4 tires.First of all, Matt answered the phone with such a lively and chipper attitude that I felt good heading down.
Second, he greeted me with a smile and walked me through all of my options with clarity and patience.
He set proper time expectations but was done way before expected.
His team went above and beyond by add air to my spare tire at my request.
Absolutely worth the trip!

I needed an oil change, a place that's reliable and affordable auto service shop.
I gave it a shot, it wasn't bad, and staff were very friendly that's a plus.
The only thing I didn't like was waiting.
Took an hr an half or so to change my oil.
I mean it was busy so..it's all good other than that it's a good shop.
Its also very neat and clean as well.
Definitely will go back again.
Better than Wal-Mart I would say.
Its cheaper too.

Moved from the east coast and failed smog inspection for o2 sensors.
Was given an estimate and a ride to the nearest shopping center, after being picked up was told o2 sensor was rusted in but they were determined to satisfy me, apologizing and keeping informed as to the status of my vehicle.
Although unable to repair my SUV that day Matt, the counter man who kept me informed and entertained all day,told me they were getting a special tool and again apologized.
Day 2, they were unable to remove my sensor so sent my truck out to their personal exhaust mechanic's shop.
Finally, success.
When my truck was ready I told them I was going to call a taxi.
Karl, the shop manager, who is awesome, told me not to worry about a taxi sent one of his mechanics to my house to pick me up.
Received my bill, not only did they stay true to their estimate, there wasn't an up charge for the exhaust shop.
Will I return, ABSOLUTELY!

My family wanted to take a small mini trip to Logandale and I needed my oil changed.
Every shop in proximity had over an hour wait time.
This shop wasn't too far from me so I called and they said there wasn't a wait time so I drove right over.
Matt was very friendly and I was in and out in 45 minutes.
He said I should get my tires replaced but that I still had a few months before they give out.
He wasn't pushy about trying to sell me tires or getting other things done to the car.
I liked that.
I will be back for another oil change and for my new tires since I did browse around and he gave me the best price.
Overall great customer service over the phone and in person.

Amazing service here.
Came in because of the yelp reviews and left feeling extremely grateful for the lengths they went for me.
I came in on a Sunday, traveled last minute from California and was leaving during the middle of the night Early monday am.
I knew I needed an oil change, so I came in.
I asked them to rotate my tires and they did and found two of my tires were really damaged.
They showed me the damage and I agreed I needed to buy new ones.
They didnt have the ones I needed in stock and being that Monday was a holiday, they were saying Tuesday was the soonest they could have them.
I told them my situation and they immediatley got on the phone w other shops.
They didnt think they could do it, as all others were sold out also and it was Sunday(most shops were closed) They tried one other option (which was farther away then they would have liked) and went to get them for me.
They went above and beyond to make sure my drive home in the middle of the night was safe.
Definitely give this place your biz, they appreciate it and show you with how they take your cars needs seriously!

Went to three auto shop already but this one is the most out standing.
First, Matt the front desk guy is prior military so he will answer your question straight no BS!
The waiting time is so fast that actually im not done writting this review and my tire replacement is already done.
Dont forget to ask for military discount if u r in the service.

I called Karl to set up an appointment for an oil change.
The crew completed the oil change, rotated and balanced my tires and did a quick inspection on tires and fluids.
I was in and out in about an hour.
I used the Yelp $75 for $50 promo.
I would come here again for oil changes and other minor auto maintenance needs again.
Thanks Karl and Jason!

Fantastic customer service.
I would recommend these guys to anyone and Carl the manager is awesome.

