First impressions are great in their first hour of business.
Super cool, totally radical atmosphere, dude.
Very Pacific Beach style motif.
Walls adorned with surf and skate gear photos and lamps.
Lots of surf gear sponsorship hung around in here.
Ordered a spicy and mild fish taco and both were equally flavorful and delicious.
Brown rice was done right and their Cajun beans were not bad at all.
Of course everything was kicked up a notch when I squeezed my lime wedge on everything.
Everything came as expected and enjoyed my meal in the outdoor seating area.
Look forward to come back in the near future and patronize their full service bar.
Thanks Wahoo for the opening day schwag!

When I was a college student at UC Irvine, my wife (then girlfriendat the time) and I loved to go to any of the 3 Wahoos locations we lived near.
I always went with the Kahuna grande - a fish taco, three tasty taquitos (chicken, pork, beef or fish, my fav).
Fast forward about 15 years and about 500 miles and the legit surfer grub we used to nosh on has found its way to the desert!
I was so stoked when the Westside Rainbow location opened up, but to be completely honest, that location felt like any other Vegas bar and grill.
The new Horizon Ridge location, however, delivers all the origibal tastes, vibe and ambience of good ol' Irvine and Newport Beach digs.
For a second I felt like I was a twenty year-old in college again until my old man belly knocked my salsa over...haha its a little far for me, but I was told the GV location opens in 6 months!
SWEET!

I was really excited to see that Wahoo's was finally coming to Henderson.
Besides PT's, it is the only cool bar and restaurant close enough without going all the way into Vegas.
We walk though the doors and overhear and Taking Back Sunday playing on the radio.
That made me super excited.
The decor is cool with a skate/surf socal vibe.
The line was out the door which I expected from a newly opened business.
We decided to sit  in the bar area to avoid the line, but no one was paying attention and we didn't get any type of recognition for about 15 minutes.
Not even a glass of water or a, "We'll be right with you".
Finally, a server noticed us and took our orders.
We got our food and it was delicious, but the wait was pretty disheartening.
With more time, though, I think they'll work out the kinks.

My first time there today and it was great!!
good food drinks and SERVICE!!
finally a nice place with GREAT servers!!
We will be back again and again and again!!

This new location was filthy when I went.
The fish tasted odd like it had turned.
I will not be back.

When I first walked in it seemed like a clean, decent place.
The menu doesn't state that brown rice is extra compared to white.
Nick was walking around talking on his cellphone the whole time even while serving us our food.
The waitresses need to wear longer shorts.
They were disgustingly short.
I don't want to look at another girls butt cheeks while eating my lunch.
The food was okay, would probably only come back for the Kahlua pork.
But other than that, I will probably not visit again.

AMAZING fresh fish tacos, HUGE burritos, beautiful bar, awesome beer selection & GREAT service-I'm stoked to get a Wahoos in my own backyard-the ambiance & fresh food makes me feel like I'm back home in So Cal!
Great job!

Have gone twice now and both times my wife's tacos were cold!!!
First time she ordered carne asada and what is supposed to be fresh cooked sure looked per-packaged and as i said before the meat was cold.
we sent it back and it was back so fast I don't think they even had time to close the microwave door.
The second trip she decided to try the fish tacos and first bite in the fish is cold.
how tough is it to send out hot food

Good atmosphere but ordered the first  two drinks off the drink menu and was told they were out.
The Corona Margarita was good and we ordered a few.
Our meal came out and was not prepared the way we requested and was served with plastic silverware.
Other tables had regular utensils and other employees were using real utensils as well.
Was kind of a disappointment.
Waitress also didn't know the hours of operation and suggested the wings as the best menu item as opposed to tacos, which seemed odd.
We made the most of the time we were there but I'm not sure that we would return again.

Tried my first burrito and it was better than I expected- carnitas.
I really liked the veggies in the burrito- broccoli, onion, red pepper.
The hot sauce was very good too.
I think the veggies are a California thing, but it works.
The gaming area and bar is separate, as smoking is permitted there.
They had a $10 slot credit for earning 10 points promo, which Golden Gaming also does.
Wahoo's has their own slot club, and I hope they do more promos and/or gaming events.

I have been to many Wahoos in Cali, Hawaii and here in Vegas.
I went tonight because it is right down the street from my house, and the food was great as always.
I sat in the bar because, I often am by myself.
I am a horrible looking person and no one ever wants to eat with me and my wife travels for work.
LOL.
The experience was completely ruined by the people who smoke in the bar area while people are eating, and they go unchallenged.
There were two guys next to me playing Golden Tee and every time they wanted a smoke they had the decency to step outside.
Someone take a stand at this place and tell people that you can't smoke.
THEY WILL GET OVER IT, TRUST ME.
I waited so long for you to open.
California is a big place and people just go outside, they got use to it.
Make a cool little place out back where they can go in the alley and smoke.
They can watch the kids skateboard in the drain ditch.
Why let them ruin the experience for the rest of us.
I will come back at some point soon, but if there are smokers in the bar.
I am done.
back to Faustos.

It was our first time here, since this location just opened.
We loved the carnitas.
The Wahoo salad with carnitas and and the carnitas taco were both really good.
We went primarily for the fish tacos, and they were just ok.
The two biggest issues that we had that warranted only two stars is first, they charge for their salsa!
What?
You have to tell them what salsas you want when ordering and they charge for them!
Really?!
How do you serve Mexican food and CHARGE for salsa!?!?
That seemed Crazy to us!
The second issue was minor but annoying, we ordered a kids meal and the cup they gave us for the kids meal didn't have a lid to fit it!
The adult cups had lids!
Needless to say, we had a couple spills...and you have to ask for napkins, ugh!

Had a shrimp taco and a mushroom taco, both very good.
Food came out reasonably fast and the price was fair.
Will definitely return.

First off...
The food is good.
It's not amazing or anything to rave about, but what you get for the amount you pay is good.
I think some of the staff needs to be replaced.
We got a kid who didn't have a clue what he was doing.
He kept getting distracted when we were ordering and kept repeating himself over and over.
As for the atmosphere...
It's okay.
The decorations are action sport themed.
Unfortunately the music is way too loud.
I like music as much as anyone, but when I'm in a restaurant, I like to talk with the other people in my party.
I could never bring my parents or grandparents here.
It would be impossible to have a conversation with them.
Overall, I'd say Wahoo's is just OK.  Not great, not terrible.
Maybe turn the music down and get employees who can pay attention and maybe I'll revisit this review down the road.

I am right in the middle about this place.
I really liked the atmosphere, even though it was really hot because of the position of the sun about 5pm.
The bartenders are friendly and great with their service.
But my husband and I didn't really like the food.
Their chicken quesidilla was good (hard to mess up) and the bean burritos were good (another hard thing to mess up).
But the carne asada was some of the worst meat I've ever had!
The meat was tough and had no flavor.
The grilled fish tacos were OK....not spectacular like I expected from a place that is known for their fish tacos.
Happy hour is from 3-7 and they have specials on beer and appetizers.
It's definitely worth checking out.

I was really looking forward to going to Wahoos since it has opened.
The parking lot is always full and it looks like a hip place.
I was really disappointed.
I ordered a chicken tortilla soup which tasted like a can of Campbell's vegetable soup with tortillas added on top.
It had large chunks of chicken that did not taste that great.
We also ordered chips and salsa.
Chips were stale!
I ordered 2 taco plate with white rice and white beans.
The rice and beans were not bad.
I got a fish taco and a carnitas taco.
I was expecting great fish tacos from Wahoos but that was not the case.
The carnitas tacos was better but I would prefer Rubios, Chipotle, or Cafe Rio.
The food at these places is 10 times better.
My wife ordered black beans with her tacos she said they were not cooked all the way and were a bit hard.
We definitely will not be going back.

First time at the new location.
Food was just as fabulous as the other locations in Vegas.
Service was great and we were checked on regularly.
The Carnitas tacos are my favorite.
Next time looking forward to sit in the bar area to enjoy the beautiful view of the city!

Not at all impressed.
Food is mediocre at best.
No salsa bar.
Ordered carne asada tacos, tortilla soup & Maui onion rings.
All MEH.
Tacos were not fresh tasting, meat was bland, onion rings were greasy and tortilla soup was ok.
Being a fan of Cafe Rio and Baja Fresh, this place pales in comparison.
Such a shame that it occupies such a great space in this mall.

Heaven forbid you don't smoke and would like to enjoy your food in the bar area and have a beer.
For a California chain, the experience is nothing like "non smoking California".
That being said, this is my second visit to this location and millionth time at a Wahoos.
I did go into the bar to get a beer and take it back to my table, but when I got it back into the "smoke free room", I noticed after my first taste that the mug was completely cracked at the top.
I asked for a bar manager so i didn't have to go back into the smoke and he brought me another beer with an explanation of how the temperature variation from the dishwasher to the freezer can crack a mug.
Thanks Mr. Science.
(Next beer is on us maybe?
PLEEEZE not even an attempt at an offer).
After my food came with my chips and thimble sized salsa, I asked for another salsa so I could finish my chips.
(I had tacos too) the girl left, came back and said.
"Oh, salsa is 0.38.
" Really??
38 cents??
I had such high hopes for this location.
Even after I am done eating today I am suppose to order something to bring home to my son.
I am honestly going to drive in the complete opposite direction and go to Faustos and get him something.
I honestly don't think that this Wahoos will ever get another dime, or 38 cents out of me.

The food was alright, I guess.
Nothing too great about it but not horrible either.
My wife had the Fish Tacos and she's a huge fish tacos fan.
She said they weren't really that great.
I had a Chicken Bowl and was pretty disappointed to get chicken, beans, and rice.
That's it.
Apparently you have to pay extra if you want anything else.
There was no salsa, sour cream, lettuce, veggies, nothing.
I really don't like when restaurants make you pay for all that extra stuff.
Especially when you're a fast-ish food Mexican restaurant.
At least, I think it's a Mexican restaurant.
It's hard to tell with "cajun" beans and Mr. Lee's sauce.
Doesn't make much sense.
Pretty sure I don't need to go back and pay $7.99 for a "bowl" with only three things inside it.
But on the plus side they have happy hour from 3-7 for half priced beers.
Wish they had mor local stuff on tap though.

Was so excited to see a new eatery open nearby.
Have been here twice- both times it took awhile to get to the front of the line to order & both times our food came 30 minutes after ordering.
The food was decent- chips & salsa were kind of disappointing.
Spicy chicken enchiladas with spicy green sauce were delicious & my husband's burrito could feed 2.
Portions were huge!
Had to flag down cocktail server to order $2 ice cold beers- love that!
I really want this place to do well- get an additional cocktail server & deliver the food a little faster & things would be greatly improved.
Wish you could just order bottled beer @ the register!
I could see this place doing great if they can work out a few kinks.

Quirky mix of Mexican/Brazilian with an island twist on the menu here.
From classic burritos to a Kalua Pig bowl.
I was happy to see Tofu, veggies, mushrooms and  vegetarian fillings as part of your options when you go to make your meal.
First impression didn't really start off on the right foot though.
We walked in and didn't know if we were supposed to order or wait to be seated.
Walked around to the cashier working behind the counter and stood there till we were able to catch her attention and ask for help.
That's when another employee came out from the back and walked us back to the entryway and walked us thru the menu.
From there all staff was helpful and friendly throughout our visit.
I ended up picking the taco/burrito combo.
My choice fillings were Tofu and Shrimp.
Both had a polynesian marinade.
It's like shoyu with pineapple juice.
It was sweet and went well on the fillings I had.
I didn't really like the shrimp though.
Too rubbery texture for me.
Portion wise, it was adequate and prices are reasonable most combos were under $10 .
Combo platter came with beans and/or rice too.
The cajun style beans wasn't too spicy .
Also our server offered both red and green sauces for our dishes.
The green sauce was what I remember most.
Creamy but light, fresh, and just slightly spicy.
Cilantro was prominent ingredient in it.
I asked our server what else was used and was informed fat free mayo!
Nice!
They stick to the theme of healthier and fresh foods.
Atmosphere, well once you get past the narrow entryway where everyone crowds around to read the menu (hence the line out the door) it's bright and airy.
The dining area is beach themed and the vibe is pretty chill and laid back.
Seating  in main dining area has booths lining one wall, several tables everywhere else.
It's family friendly .
The bar is in a separate area which has the partial view of the valley.
It's a nice set up.
I'll more than likely be back in this part of the restaurant since my neighbor friends are bar flies and like to just hang out for drinks and appys for happy hour or for a light lunch in the main dining area.
That's about it.

It was good, a step up from Rubios.
It's still a fast food restaurant, and for some reason people expect more.
I wasn't disappointed.
I recommend the "Bajaladas" that's what I ordered.
Chill out people!

Loved the decor of the place.
Loved the bar being off to the side and closed off so adults can have their privacy.
The front staff was very nice.
Liked the selection of some of the drink choices.
I had the shrimp bowl with white rice.
It was good, the shrimp was tasty.
It was a little bland for me.
It would be nice a salsa bar, but the wait staff brought me some mild salsa.
My boss ordered a fish taco/enchilado combo which they messed up the order and brought him two tacos.
He didn't return it and just ate it.
The chips were fresh and the salsa was good.
I will try it again and see how I like it.
I did like what I had and love the fact that someone finally took this spot and I hope they can get things figured out.
We need better choices to dine in the 89002/89015 area.

This was my first time there.
I was meeting a new group of friends for drinks and enjoying myself even though the a/c was out in the restaurant.
I could deal with that because we had an awesome waitress, Lori.
The bar "Manager"...an old cranky guy, kept giving me dirty looks because I guess I was blocking the walk way of some servers with where my seat was.
He complained to Lori and I gladly moved.
I was disturbed by his looks but I let it go but I am very perceptive.
About 20 minutes later, all power goes out.
We try and pay our tabs with our debit cards since none of us have cash and the machine isn't working.
He (mean old bar manager) then says get money out of the ATM there.
It of course isn't working.
We ask if he would comp our $9 tab and our other friend had $30 cash on a $48 tab.
The manager then grabbed the checks crumpled them in his hands and said "yes fine!
Whatever!
" I will never go back to this place.
If you don't like your job....find another.
Lori was great though.
I have no idea about the food...so you are on your own there but service is much more important to me.

Always great service !

First impressions are everything...and ours was not favorable.
Menu board in the entrance was odd and confusing.
Person who finally helped  us figure it out was a welcome sight.
Food arrived relatively quickly, but was barely warm.
Best item was the black beans.
Floors were sticky, and two out of the three women's bathroom stalls were out of order (not good at 5 pm on a Friday evening).
We are not likely to return anytime soon.

I wavered on two or three stars, finally going with that third star due to the carnitas tacos with the green sauce.
Other than that we were not that impressed.
The nachos were just stale chips with melted cheese and taste straight from the microwave.
The Carne asada that was on the bowl meal was really tough and flavorless.
Was anticipating more, bummer cause I really wanted to love this place!!
I must add that the staff in this place is great!

Order usually not right.
Food cold.
Hopefully they can work out the kinks.

The quality of the food here teeters on the line between low end dine-in and just quick fast food- the "I'm so hungry, I'll eat anything and it'll taste good anyway" kind.
The fish tacos are good.
The fish is well seasoned and fresh.
The cabbage gives the tacos good flavor.
Anything that makes this place stand out?
No not really.
But if you're hunger and looking for a place to sit down, this place will fill your tummy.
I wouldn't have eaten here if it wasn't down the street from my friend's house.

This was the third time my fiance and I have been here and we are never going back.
Service has never been good.
We have always gone to the bar.
They are super friendly but when it ucomes to giving you service they are way under par.
Food is decent and very good priced but after this last time where I had to send back my meal because it was too cold and took forever to even get them to ask us what we wanted to eat, I cannot give them another chance.
Also had to constantly flag the bartender down for a new beer.
But the final straw was the fact that we gambled about $70 between the 2 of us we only got 2 beers comped.
As someone in the service industry and works as a cocktail server and has bartended, I know what the proper comp system is.
Had no compensation for having to wait at least 15 min for my new meal as well.. We've had problems the last 2 times as well but tried to give them a chance since they are new (and very close to home) but not after this time.
So sad:(

Finally they opened this place up in Henderson on Horizon & 95 and this place is awesome.
No matter what your taste, meat eater, vegetarian, they have something for you.
The food is awesome, the drinks are plentiful and the staff is very friendly.
We used to stop at this place on Rainbow & 215 and it is great that they finally have one on this side of town.
If you have never been, you need to go.
The food is great, the prices are right and they also have gaming and a bar for the drinkers and players.
This place is a must to try at least twice....

Not my style.
Maybe others find this food appealing, I found it had bland appearance and flavors, and very little for the cost.
I ordered Teriyaki Steak and Rice, passed on the beans, because the combo wasn't appealing.
Meat tasted like it had flowers on it, not sure if it was Jasmine Rice?
Either way very weird.
Hubby ordered a smothered burrito, left him hungry.
Place was clean but pretty empty for a Saturday night, there is a bar maybe with casino?
Not sure.
Which is blocked off so you won't be exposed to smoking.

We saw this place being built and were excited to see it.
We don't have many restaurant choices out here in Hendertucky.
We went there after a week of them opening which was probably too soon.
The girl taking the order was very pleasant and she made sure the order was correct.
Her trainer was right behind her keeping an eye on her for accuracy.
I had the fish tacos which were good.
They kids enjoyed their quesadillas too.
My GF, her meal came out wrong twice.
The owner came out and entertained the kids by giving them stickers to stick someplace on the wall.
We were waiting for him to say something about the meal being made wrong but he never did.
It was pretty busy and everyone was still trying to figure out their jobs with it just opening.
Maybe the info didn't get to him, who knows.
We will be back after its been open a while and hopefully have a better experience.

I walked in with my wife for lunch Sunday at 12:30, there was a couple in front of us who asked 100 questions about the food  to the counter girl where you place your order, she had no answers as she kept going back and forth to the kitchen.
Needless to say we stood there for 26 minutes with numerous employees noticing we were standing there but no one said hi, welcome , can I help you.
You'd think the counter girl would ask them to step aside and take our order or get someone else to help us or but instead just ignored.
Very disappointing and where's the mgr ?
You only get one chance to make a lasting impression and I got it , not fast food, not sit down , so I'm really not sure.
We left and the fish tacos at Tommy Bahamas are the bomb!

Absolute GARBAGE!
This place was a total let down.
The food lacked flavor and seemed like it had all been canned or frozen.
Nothing seemed fresh.
The service was slow and the employees appeared as though they had 10 years left of indentured servitude.

This review is for the food not the service (I placed an order for pickup).
It was simple and quick to order my meal over the phone.
I arrived about 15 minutes later and it was ready for me.
There was a slight problem with the bill but nothing major.
I ordered a bowl with Ono, Cajun style with brown rice and black beans.
It was absolutely delicious - the portion was too big for me but I'm not complaining.
The fish was juicy, flaky and just a little spicy.
This is definitely a go-to place for me now, I just hope the service inside doesn't disappoint.

Great food!!
Awesome staff!
Super fun environment!!!!
Nikki rocks!!!
My husband and I love the burritos!!!
So good!
The gaming bar is always lively and fun.
It is a great place to hang with friends, have some beers, and watch some football.
Their outdoor patio is gonna be a nice spot to relax in the fall and spring months, when the weather is nice.
I would recommend Wahoo's Tacos highly.
Food is delicious, staff is laid back and friendly, restaurant is clean and comfortable.
Love this place!

I've never yelped before and decided with the latest experience I had at Wahoos I had too!!
My good friends LOVE this place and RAVE about everything about Wahoos (they are from Cali).
My friend and I went in the other night to feed our kids and have a cocktail close to home.
Since we had our kids we decided to do them a favor and sit on the patio so we wouldn't disturb the customers inside (keep in mind it was 100 degrees outside too).
The kids had to go to the bathroom once or twice, refill there drinks, they got our order wrong, etc.
All of these required us to go back inside.
We got a very bad attitude from the young hostess and dirty looks, she even TOLD one of my kids to keep the door closed.
Its not our fault when you open your door its stays open.
She could have easily came and closed it or asked in a different way.
Seriously the attitude was horrible and then the food came and it was just as bad..
I will say this though, the cheese nachos were good :).
Anyway, I will never return back to this restaurant and don't appreciate the treatment we got, if you have kids and want good food don't waste your time or money going to Wahoos on Horizon!

Service sucks!
Bar area is a smoke filled room with worse service then the food area...what a let down.
Great location for something good.
Just NOT THIS.
Ugh...hoping for a good place to open in this area soon.
FINISHING my review 8-29-2013 I went back cause a friend said his buddy runs the place.
MISTAKE AGAIN.
I WILL NOT RETURN.
POOR POOR BAR SERVICE & "dining area" haha more like a middle school lunch room.
They really need to get rid of the front area where YOU STAND and wait to order.They should put tables in and hire actual wait staff!

Fish and shrimp tacos here were out of this world, and the blonde bartender ( I'm forgetting her name at the moment ) was EXCELLENT.. so sweet and pretty and funny!
My mom and I enjoy visiting often

Went here on a fundraiser night for my sons school.
Big mistake!
Food took quite a while to come out and was disappointing.
The tacos were not at all what I was expecting.
My sons did like their food so that's why the 3 stars.
Me, I will get my fish tacos elsewhere.

Fish tacos are good, but nothing exciting.
First few bites of the Maui bowl was ok then the rest of the meat was very tough.
Seems it's a place to hang out and have a beer at the bar.
The view at night is nice from the bar, but the food is not all that.
The place is missing something, it's trying, but it's missing....

Wahoo's is a mediocre.
No salsa bar like Ruibio's or Baja Fresh, and they charge for each little side of salsa.
What kind of taco shop/mexican food place nickle and dimes you for salsa?
Fish is dry and flavorless so it needs to be drowned in salsa to be enjoyed.
Best thing about this place is the location and view from the bar, go to have a beer but eat somewhere else.
Can't recommend.

I hadn't heard of Wahoo's before we walked in here.
Someone later had mentioned it was a chain.
That's ok...
I still wanted to try it.
We didn't know how their restaurant worked as far as sitting and ordering or order before you sit.
Well, you order before you sit down and they bring it out to you.
We decided to split the Outer Reef Burrito and the Nachos with cajun chicken.
The burrito... eh.
It was ok but I wouldn't run back to have another one.
I think I had better tasting burritos from Taco Bell.
Bummer.
The nachos were pretty good.
The cajun chicken on top had a great flavor with their blends of melted cheese.
The service was good too!
The cashier was friendly but didn't understand a few of my questions.
Oh well.
The waitstaff who brought out the food and cleared the plates were great!
Very courteous and polite.
I just wish the food was memorable.
It was fine but I probably won't hurry back to be a 'regular' here.

This place is fantastic.
After a long week of work, $2 Pacifico's and $2 tacos are a good way to spend an off night...great view of the valley, fire pit outside which is perfect this time of year...this is the type of place that needs to be supported out here if we locals want to have anywhere near home to go to!

My husband & I went to try Wahoo's as we were excited for a new restaurant to open!
He ordered from sh tacos, I had some sort of smothered chicken burrito, & we got a quesadilla for our daughter.
The quesadilla was the best tasting food item we ordered.
The food was bland & my chicken tasted like canned chicken, just not very good.
Oh well.

I really wanted to like this place, I really did.
We each got 3 tacos each & the Fish/meat were ice cold on all of them.
The tortillas were also cold & probably came straight from the bag to our plates.
Really BAD!!!
I will not be back!!!!

I've never heard of Wahoo's Tacos before up until I recently visited my boyfriend's house deep in Henderson.
Sadly, I haven't tried them out until I went to Huntington Beach, LA but I am extremely glad that I did!
Ever since that day on the beach, I've gone to Wahoo's Tacos at least 2-3 times a week because it is just amazing!
I'm a foodie so whenever I try/like something, I get addicted very quick!
I would highly recommend to stop by!
$2 Original Tacos are my absolute favorite!
Nothing too fancy or too simple, but it's entirely worth it.
They come with lime, pico de gallo and an extra tortilla.
Makes everything worth while including the (unfortunately) long wait times!
If you're looking for a splash of that Cali lifestyle, Wahoo's will give it to you ;)

A socal fave!
Simple, clean food.

So I've been a big fan of Wahoo's from the beginning...
But they've recently have gone downhill in service.
They completely messed up my order and overcharged me.
After asking numerous times for them to switch the channel to the game (in which they agreed to multiple times that they would), they simply kept putting it off, despite us being the only customers in the room on a Saturday afternoon.
The channel never got changed despite being there over an hour.
This place has fallen big time from when it first opened.
I was so excited for it to move closer to me, but now I don't know if we're going to ever go back.

The worst service, rhe rude cashier should have been sent to retraining, never will return to such abuse.
Waited for over 45 minutes for food to arrive.
When we wanted names od people in charge, Cory claimed she was stupid and  nobody was her boss.

This review is of the Henderson, NV store.
The fish tacos were quite good but my complaint is the dirty restaurant eating area.
We got there 2 hours after they opened on a Sunday and there was 1 couple  eating.
We moved to 3 booths and could not not find a clean one.
The floors under the booths were slippery and loaded with crumbs.
After moving to our second table we finally settled in.
For a restaurant to get this dirty in 2 hours means it wasn't cleaned the night before.

I didn't care for this place.
Frankly I think it's overrated and a little pricey for what you get.
The service was meh.
I liked that they have outdoor seating which is great for people with a dog but overall I think this place isn't great.
The food was somewhat tasty but I've had better for less.

Awful, overpriced, tasteless.
My kid ordered "nachos" & got 35 stale tortilla chips with a bit of shredded cheese sprinkled on top & melted.
Taquitos were overcooked & tough.
Fish bowl had dried out fish on top.
Desserts are served in cellophane.
How did this place become a chain?

The food was not good!
The fish had a chicken texture.
The Cajun flavoring was say to spicy.
The service over all was ok.  And the rice was good.
This place is overrated.

I really enjoyed this place.
The service was actually very good & friendly.
I did not enter the bar section, but decided to stay in the restaurant area.
The staff working there did not keep bothering me every 10 seconds, like most places, and that deserves an A+.
The food was superb & well priced.
Also, it was nice to eat out as a family (of 3) for under $30 and know that it's on the healthier side.
For the second time now, this place has been a good night out.
I like the vibe and the promptness of the kitchen.
You'll definitely see me again!

I'm thinking some of the bad reviews may be from evening visits?
We typically come in for lunch and the service is always very friendly and attentive.
However, went in for dinner one night and there is a huge difference - evening crew needs some definite customer service training and the food was poor quality as well.
But, the good stuff we love:  Chicken tacos - delicious!
Traditional street taco style, plenty of meat, great sauces (green sauce needs a bit more flavor) Chicken enchilada - my FAVE!
The red sauce is fabulous!
The salsa (pico de gallo style) is always fresh and chips have always been fresh and crispy Maui Bowl - very good teriyaki, not oversauced   The not-so-good:  I ordered chicken tortilla soup hoping for a Mexican-style tortilla soup but instead got a bowl of what could have been Progresso chicken noodle with some tortilla strips on top.
No taste, definitely not what I had in mind for "tortilla soup" - very disappointing.
The choices of rice and beans is a little weird - plain white or brown rice and either black beans or Cajun beans.
My husband enjoys these options and the portions are generous and always cooked well, but I always opt for ala carte because none of those really appeal to me.
Some of the items are a little pricey - for instance, the Wahoo's Salad is a very bare bones, basic salad for almost $8.
But my ala carte enchilada with chips and salsa for under $5...I could eat that every day.

Tasteless guacamole and salsa.
Rubios is much better!

VERY good!
The food is SO tasty!
It's a wee bit pricey, but YUM!
Think Chipotle or Qdoba and kick it up a notch.
The food quality is HIGH; you get what you pay for, but $30 for lunch for two with no drinks is a little much for a daily driver.
But I will go back.
Delish!
Get the cajun fish bowl.
OMG!

My husband and I got shrimp and fish tacos.
They were bland, nothing special.
I don't understand what the hype is about.

I love wahoos!!
The fish tacos are great I wanted to order something new off the menu since the fish tacos were what I've always ordered.
I called in an order for the first time.
I ordered the Maui bowl (steak, rice, & beans.
) my fiancée ordered the chicken Maui bowl.
I ordered extra teriyaki sauce in case it needed it.
When I went to pick it up, the girl at the register was nice but the guy (teenager) who took my order smarted off to me when I asked for more teriyaki sauce.
(Just so you employees of wahoos know, the customers can HEAR what you're saying in the kitchen.
) Lol *SMH* anyway, when I checked the food this is what I got... (See pic) the steak was dry, plain, and NOTHING I would even pay for.
Once I saw the food I asked for MORE teriyaki because I KNEW it would need it!
The rice was hard.
Not like uncooked hard, more like it'd been sitting out-kinda hard.
I was so hungry I didn't care tho I didn't eat very much of it & my fiancées was the same only he said the chicken tasted better than the steak.
I've been to wahoos in the day, the vibe is so different and the service is much better.
I wonder if the Maui bowl would've been better too but I know I'm not ordering it again!
Still love the fish tacos & ONLY ordering that AND only in the day when day staff is there!

I'm torn because they have such a great bar, but the service is terrible.
How do you not notice customers walking in when your standing right there chatting with friends?
15 minutes before service is why probably why your not earning many tips, just an fyi.

Good food and quick.
Very kid friendly.
The bar has an incredible view of Vegas and an outside patio.

Good tacos, love the brown rice option.
Nice place for a cold beer - the wait staff, Tre was especially welcoming and friendly - greeted us at the door.
For that type of customer service we'll be back!

So this place used to be a steak joint, and as a vegetarian, I never really had a reason to pay it any mind.
But the Wahoo's has been here for a little while, and let me tell you, I am quite glad it has!
Does henderson lack a decent Mexican restaurant?
No.
But trying to find a decently clean late night bar that's not a PT's that also serves some great vegetarian options at a very competitive price can be an exercise in futility.
$3 pacificos all the time.
I got the "Outer Reef" vegetarian burrito, which, for ~$5 was very satisfactory.
I'd get it again, but I'd probably ask for less rice and more beans.
The view at night is wonderful as well!
The addition of outdoor seating and a few couches around a fire really make for a pleasant experience.
Would definitely recommend!

We stopped in after hanging out with some friends in the area.
The bar staff was great.
Gene was a very happy go lucky guy and made us rookies feel like long time bar flies after a few minutes.
Drinks were made very good and service was great.
Food was just ok but better than your average bar food like pizza and wings.
If I'm in the area again I would stop back by and grab a few cold ones.
Thanks y'all.

Now lets just say that I have most of the café Rio recipes and I am very well versed in the way the food is prepared from beginning to end.
However, Wahoo's was a real treat, Their food really captures the essence of Mexican seafood without all of the extra steps, its simple yet delicious.
The only reason for the 4 stars is The food took a little longer then I expected and there was only one server working.

The bartenders at Wahoos are awesome.
However the management stinks.
They have gone through several managers and have made a lot of changes.
They took out golden tee and added slot machines.
They said they want the bar to be more gaming so basically screw the locals who drink a shit load and just want a place to hang out.
They are also taking out the caseda seating on the patio.
I guess it's time to go to another bar.
Too bad because this was a great local place to unwind and enjoy some nice company.

Love the food, lots of healthy options and love that kids can take in their Halloween candy for a free kid's meal.
We usually sit in the restaurant section with our toddler.
Cashiers have never been friendly.
We have been there probably 10 times now for the food.
They don't even greet you.
They are always rushing us through even if no one is behind us and if we ask a question they either don't know or have told us, "look at the menu".
One time I just asked what was in the guac.
The cashier didn't know.
We love the atmosphere too:)

It's been a long time since I've been to a Wahoos.
Cajun fish taco plate is tasty but too much watery salsa on the tacos.
I had to use a fork because the tortilla fell apart.
But good healthy food!

Actually more like 2.5 stars .... We arrived on a Saturday early evening.
Being somewhat unfamiliar with their menu we stopped at the large menu board posted in the entrance way.
The cashier noticed us right away and came over to explain the menu .
Her attitude was a bit overbearing and although she was extremely confident in her knowledge of the menu , it just came off as an " in your face" performance not a sincere desire to help guests.
After she spent 5 minutes telling us what she liked.
We finally got to order.
I had the fish taco combo  which is 2 fish tacos , rice , beans and some chips and salsa.
She asked us what we wanted to drink , she mentioned a bunch of beers and we expressed our desire to get a beer on tap.
She informed us that we would have to go to the bar area to order that.
So we finished the food order and went into the bar area to order our drinks .
There was a large patio area out side so we chose to sit out there ( the bar was full of smoke and although it is a surfer, ocean themed place it was a typical sports bar on the inside ) very smokey and lots of people yelling at tv screens ....
The food arrived and the appearance and presentation of the food was very good , colorful plate with the food neatly placed and full of bright salsa colors.
I had ordered the Cajun version of the fish taco.
It appeared to be lightly battered with a spicy Cajun rub, serves along with some lettuce and salsa on a soft corn tortilla .
It was served with brown rice and black beans , again...
Seemed fresh but the flavor was just ok  Biting into it  , the taste was ok, and everything seemed fresh.
I kept finding myself adding salt or pepper for flavor....I finally ended up putting more salsa on it.
Honestly for a place with the name " Fish Tacos" In it's name you would think that the fish taco would be epic ..
But honestly it was just ok....
I was raised in southern Texas and have travelled to California , Mexico , the Caribbean , Hawaii and all over Asia ...I've had tons of different versions of the " fish taco" and wahoos is just , well..
It's just ok.
Locally you can get a better fish taco at zabas , or even the American style restaurant Claim Jumper.
Break down of scoring max is 5 pt  Dining area appearance 4 Wait staff 3 Bar area 2 Ticket time 4 Restroom 2 Food taste flavor and presentation 3 Location 2 ( Henderson location)

We went here for an early dinner on a Thursday.
Thought we try it out since it's only minutes from our house.
The menu was alright, the prices on the food are reasonable.
We ordered the shrimp bowl with brown rice with beans & two shrimp tacos with rice and beans as well.
We sat down a table with booth seating, and noticed that no one had cleaned off the table.
As for the drinks, we had ice water, ordered Corona and the skinny long island ice tea from a waitress who had walked by.
When I was about to drink the long island, I noticed a big chip on the inside of my glass.
So I waited until another staff member came by and I told her about the glass, she took it from me and returned with a new clean glass & drink.
The food was okay in flavor, it wasn't delicious.
I don't think we're going to come back...only because a few minutes after we ate, both our stomachs were acting up...it's a sign that the food was not as fresh as it looks.
:( The good thing about Wahoo's - the staff members are very friendly and the atmosphere reminds me of Hawaii & Cali.

I love this place, its super laid back and the food is very decent and super fast.
The bartenders are very nice, and fun.
We have also won a couple times on the machines there.

Went here for the first time.
Not impressed.
Decor is kinda cool, but food is not that great.
It's a basic bean and cheese kind of Mexican place.
We ordered guac and sour cream as well ( which we paid extra for) and never got it.
The kids chair didn't have a working buckle and they gave my kiddo a heavy glass plate.
Unfortunately, we won't be going back here.

May be my new favorite place to come with the hubby!
I love the grilled fish tacos with citrus slaw and white rice and cajun beans.
The hubby gets the outer reef burrito wet with red sauce.
I also enjoy the coconut breeze cocktail and he loves that they have Guinness on tap.
Love this place for a quick bite and place to chill!

If you want a solid meal for cheap, this is probably the place for you.
Not too expensive, the meals are decent, and the service is quick.
I've only had an issue here once, and it was corrected immediately by the manager.
The black beans are cooked to perfection every time, and I love the Polynesian shrimp tacos.
If you are more of a no-tortilla person, you can also go with the bowls which provide you more bang for your buck (in my opinion).
The carnitas tacos are pretty good too, but eat them promptly, or they turn soggy.
The service is that of a quick service Restaraunt.
It's nothing to write home about, but the employees are nice enough.
If you ask for something, and they aren't busy, they are pretty on top of it.
I've only noticed a drop in service if the place is packed.

I went with my sister and my boyfriend for lunch today.
It was our first time there.
The staff was friendly and answered the question we had about the menu.
My sister ordered a fish taco with rice and beans, while my boyfriend and I both ordered Cajun chicken nacho.
They came with lots of cheese and beans, but not too much chicken.
Overall they were delicious.
I would definitely go back.

