My family and I had dinner at Phoenix Public Market Cafe last night.
The food was phenomal, as always, and the atmosphere was very urban and chic.
We ordered several items off the menu and shared amongst ourselves.
The burger and the Del Real sandwich tied for tops on our list, followed closely by the open-faced peanut butter sandwich and the salmon with black beans.
To top it off, they have several pastry items and signature drinks to help wash it all down.
The combination of the bar, patio, bakery, dining area and farmers market will keep Phoenix Public Market Cafe busy for a very long time.
Aaron Chamberlin and company hit a home run with St. Francis, but they knocked it out of the stadium with Phoenix Public Market Cafe!!!
I look forward to many more meals and frosty beverages at this wonderful establishment.

This is a fantastic local, downtown watering hole and exactly what we needed.
It's a rustic space that still retains much of the market grocery charm but with phenomenal touches from Aaron, Lee, and team.
The patio is not too crowded and seated nicely, perfect for dinner or drinks with friends.
The flow is also fantastic as you can either head directly to the bar or browse the market on your way to the counter to order.
We had a limited menu tonight for opening night.
That being said, we both enjoyed our meals thoroughly.
The AZ burger (& fries) was delicious and the chino salad was good and refreshing (though I'm not a noodles in my salad person, but I wanted a salad).
Both with a farmer's cup in hand (pimms drink - yum!
) and I was giddy as a schoolchild over the self serve water station with sparkling and still options.
I want to go back right now for the sparkling water on tap alone!
We each also had a smores cookie for dessert.
It captures the graham crackeriness of a smores and chocolate chunks and chewy texture without marshmallows.
It was an interesting (and delicious) interpretation.
I was also eyeing the snickerdoodles.
I'll be back for those.
We were sent away with a couple corn cookies to try (at Aaron's insistence).
THe husband is currently a fan (description: sugar cookie, but like cornbread, but not; it's really good), I'm skeptical of most things with corn.
We'll certainly be back and are excited to see the rest of the menu and make this our local hangout.

Absolutely what downtown needed, and in the perfect location.
The food, staff, and crowd was wonderful!
High fives to all who made this happen!
Excited to come back for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Well done, Aaron et al.
Hope the bar will serve a great moscow mule at some point.

I'm excited anytime something new opens up downtown, especially when it's a local business!
Cafe is a great environment (felt almost chic farmhouse) that utilizes the space it's in brilliantly.
The service was top notch, and ran surprisingly smooth for having just opened.
Our bartender/ barista, Allister was very outgoing, attentive, and helpful.
He helped us navigate the menu and also let us know that in the future the menu would be much more expansive!
Can't wait to come back for a breakfast!

Went in for breakfast but stayed for a few cocktails as well - the farmer's cup is highly recommended!
Nice atmosphere, delicious food, easy to find parking (covered too!
), & a very attentive staff.
Frittata is great for folks on a diet (read: I could have used a few more bites) while the flanched flarney garney is quite hardy (too good to stop, but  you should anyway).
No free refills on the coffee but otherwise a great breakfast/cocktail hour.
Will go back, hopefully soon!

I was disappointed with the new Phoenix Public Market Cafe.
Our food was good, we ordered a chicken bbq sandwich and a burger, neither come with a side.
Overall, I feel that it was over priced and over hyped.
I am sad because Phoenix Public Market used to be one of my favorite places in Phoenix.

First timer there.
Went for breakfast, it has much to be desired.
House coffee had grounds in it, nothing very good in taste.
Breakfast was over priced, two eggs two pieces of bacon and a small slice of bread, over $8.
Granted it's downtown and it should cost that much.
I wanted it too be better.
Side note; the morning our party went they were preparing chicken in wood burning stove, our entire group left smelling of a campfire.
Some like it, some don't.

I'd go back to try the breakfast, but I wasn't overwhelmed by the food the first time we went.
We got our order to go, so I can't comment on the drinks either!
We shared a Roosevelt Row bagel and the Del Real sandwich.
I would definitely get the Roosevelt Row bagel again, it was delicious and refreshing.
The Del Real, however, was gigantic and there was way too much bread for my taste.
I do love that they have a lot of vegetarian options so I'll give it another try!
I guess I had pretty high expectations.
The inside is adorable and the servers all seemed friendly too.

I am a total food critic; do it right, make it unique, and charge a fair price and you will win me over as a repeat customer.....
Unfortunately, Phoenix Public Market Cafe fell short today when I stopped in for lunch.
I ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich.
Was served a single sandwich about 15 min later on a large dinner plate...no side.
The roll was the highlight of the otherwise "OK " sandwich.
$10.95 was over priced for too little, "can get it anywhere" food.
A better sandwich with a side for less is served more quickly at many other downtown eateries.
My friend ordered salad and soup.
Again a very small portion of salad at a price about 3 dollars higher than other downtown eateries.
The wait staff were fairly friendly (though I was never asked  how my sandwich was) but obviously unpolished.
The salads and soup were delivered with the server's thumbs buried in the bowls - GROSS.
Also observed the cashier handling money then putting unwrapped straws into drinks without washing his hands in between.
The bakery case was full or over-sized delicious cookies, but I decided to skip after observing the other food handling issues.
The place has only been open a short while and at lunchtime was fairly busy; unfortunately indoor seating was insufficient so not everyone could find seating indoors on a 98 degree day.
In short, small portions of  "nothing special" food at prices about 3 to 4 dollars per person too expensive and some kitchen/management execution issues (too slow and unsanitary food handling) that need resolved.
I would highly recommend you choose one of the many other downtown eateries for your lunch or brown-bag it.

Just stopped in this morning for some breakfast, and I have to say that Aaron and his team have truly outdone themselves!
I used to shop here when it was the little grocery store, and the way they redid the space is SEXY!
I just love all the space and brightness, the brick walls and the wood elements.
I got a tour of the kitchen, which is huge!
The rotisserie (while I don't eat the birds) is sweet, and it gives the cafe a really delicious smell.
You have the option of going up to the counter and ordering or they have a full service coffee bar.
They also serve up beers and wine on tap for the full "bar" experience.
Breakfast is served from 7am-3pm and lunch/dinner is served from 11am-10pm.
For brekkie, I had the Chickpea Pancakes!!!
They were very good, topped with roasted pecans, bananas and agave.
I paired that with a nice cup of Cartel coffee and chowed the eff down.
In addition to the food and drinks, they also have a little section of wares in the middle of the cafe.
I saw some great stuff (books, soaps, wine bottles turned into drinking glasses, bow ties, etc.
)  I like how they have incorporated little bits of St. Francis to their menu, including: the baguettes, the rice bowl and the Del Real sandwich.
The menu has lots of rustic/farm-to-table/fresh items on there, and I can't wait to come back all of the time!!
They just opened recently, but I would HIGHLY recommend getting your backsides down as soon as possible, because they are sure to blow up soon.

I went here today for a belated Mother's Day Lunch and loved every minute of it.
My mom ordered the egg white frittata with a side of potatoes and I ordered the rice bowl and added chicken.
The ambiance is very warm and inviting, it reminded me a lot like Portland (my old hood).
The servers were very friendly and helpful.
I will definitely  be back for breakfast,lunch,dinner,coffee, and desert.

I hope this trade area really supports this gem.
I LOVE the design and the food was very high quality.
Server was a little overwhelmed with the menu and seemed to need some more training on the food items, but he mad up for it with personality.
4 stars only because I have yet to try the morning menu.
Keep up the great work, I will spread the word.
BTW The Pork Confit sandwich rivals the Pig Rig at their sister restaurant!!

I went to the new Cafe last weekend just to get coffee, so I don't yet have any insight on their food quality.
They use Cartel coffee, so clearly the coffee is good.
The latte that I had was alright, but not the most skillfully made latte I have ever had.
The restaurant itself is very cute.
I love what they did with the space, it has a very nice feeling with the stained concrete floors, brick walls, and general funky feeling.
I like that they still sell some local products, kind of an homage to the old public market and the pastries look tasty.
I will definitely have to come here to try the food in the near future.
I'm glad we have a new place in the neighborhood!

I really expected better.
I have been waiting almost a year for something to fill the market space.
I loved the phoenix market and was so sad when they lost their grant.
They had the most amazing breakfast foods at an affordable price.
I had great hopes when I found out that St. Francis was opening the public market cafe.
I went this weekend.
My friend and I had the breakfast sandwich and another friend had the fritatta.
First of all it was overpriced.
The sandwich came out on a HUGE plate.
You could have fit 4 sandwiches on this large white plate but all that sat on it was my sandwich.
Not so much as a piece of parsley to garnish and make necessary the enormous plate.
My friends fritata was way late because oatmeal came out instead of a fritatta.
And instead of instantly rectifying the situation the server asked more than once if we were sure the oatmeal had not been ordered!
The bread looked spectacular but in reality it was not grilled/toasted/or warmed in any way and had the texture of stale bread.
The sandwich lacked any real flavor and had to be doused in hot sauce.
Now I love hot sauce but when I pay 10 bucks at a counter for a sandwich and a can of soda I expect that I won't NEED to use it.
My friend who ordered the fritatta also had to douse it in hot sauce.
I kind of expected a lot more.
I have a lot of breakfast options in downtown/midtown phoenix.
I even have multiple options right at the market.
Unless they get a handle on the food at the new cafe I won't be making this a regular event after the market.

Was really excited about this place when we saw it was opened.
What a mess.
The overall problem, as others have noted on here, is that it has so many concepts, it's confusing.
For instance, I'm still not sure if I order at the pastry counter if I want to sit at the bar (is this a bar?
a fastfood restaurant?).
Anyway, my wife and I went for lunch.
Arrived around 11:30 and were greeted at the door by a guy explaining how to order (which was much appreciated).
Ordering still was pretty chaotic.
At the end of it, we were left to carry our number, my beer, my wife's iced tea, a to-go cookie, and a plated cupcake without a tray.
I was worried about dropping stuff, because it's a big space and I didn't have the best grip on my beer.
Then we hit the second problem: there was no inside seating because all the inside tables, including the six-top picnic tables, were taken up with single people working on laptops (so is this a coffee shop?).
The only open inside tables were a couple of tree stump looking things with low benches and a patio chaise lounge.
So we went outside on a day when it was 93 out and we'd just walked five blocks.
Which is fine, I mean I don't like eating outside in Phoenix because of how hot it is, and I certainly don't think my wife and I would have ordered a hamburger and a chile verde potpie if we had known we were going to be outdoors.
Anyway, so we sit down.
There are as few tables outdoors as indoors, because most of the outdoor seating is taken up by a long picnic table being used by a guy on a laptop again and a couple of benches in front of the fireplace that no one was using (again, is this place supposed to be a bar?).
Our food comes out.
We had already decided, hot and annoyed as we were, that if the food was good, we'd be willing to overlook everything else.
It wasn't good.
My burger was fine, although the brioche bun was either based on a terrible recipe or, more likely, a day old roll, as it was very stale and tasted old.
Additionally, the bun was about an inch bigger than the burger, so I had to eat through all that stale bread to get to the patie.
The chile verde potpie my wife had was less disappointing but still not good.
The pork was well cooked and very tender, but the chile verde was very clearly red and heavily seasoned with chili powder.
While there were some chopped green chiles floating in the mix, it mostly tasted like Easterner's idea of chili that has been cooked in a crock pot all day.
Which isn't to say it was bad, far from it.
This was very good chili, but don't call it chile verde if it isn't made out of green chiles, onions, and pork.
Again, it's not that the dish is bad, it's just not what my wife wanted or thought she was getting.
Also because we were both so hot from our walk and sitting on the porch (in the sun, I might add), we didn't finish our meal.
We never got water, nor did we ever see where we were supposed to get it.
I'm guessing from other reviews that I'm supposed to get my own water, but given that we barely made it to our table as it is, I'm not sure how that would have happened.
All told, the food wasn't fresh or prepared as described, most of the seating was taken up by coffee shop patrons, and the experience was confusing.
I think most of the problems with this place result from it trying to be a coffee shop AND a bar AND a restaurant, while not being particularly good at any of them.
Moreover, there are much better coffee shops, bars, and restaurants downtown.
That said, I think some of these problems could be fixed by better seating arrangements and clear signage.
Also, I think the owners should seriously consider ditching the confusing counter service and just run the space as a normal restaurant.

My third time here and I really enjoy this place.
I've had dinner once and breakfast twice.
The granola, yogurt and fresh fruit is delicious.
Fruit is fresh and tasty with a good balance of yogurt and granola.
The oatmeal risotto needs a bit more flavor.
A little too bland for my liking.
I can't place my finger on it but the coffee section is a disconnect for me.
Order food at the front, go stand on the other side of restaurant for your coffee.
The coffee is fabulous.
The staff is friendly but some appear to be very overwhelmed but that's the growing pains of a new restaurant no matter where and no matter how long the owner has been in business.
I like it and will continue to come back.
I love the small retail section and I always buy something from that area.
It's all made locally.

Brought my mom to the market and decided to stop in for breakfast for the first time.
The staff was very friendly and helpful.
Good strong coffee.
Will definitely go back for breakfast or lunch since I'm a regular at the market

What a delightful place to spend some time!
Comfy, warm, sweet...
I just really, really liked it.
We went here for dinner over the weekend and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
My boyfriend had the lentil soup and salad with rotisserie chicken; I ordered the salmon with market vegetables (broccoli, cauliflower, and carrots).
We were both very pleased with our meals.
The vegetables were fresh and flavorful and my salmon was wonderfully seasoned and cooked to near perfection.
I'm looking forward to returning... maybe for breakfast next time!

I am a new fan of this place - really close to my apartment, and I love how it is adjacent to the farmer's market so you can be a part of the "scene" down there.
I was sad to see the Public Market Grocery store go, but this restaurant has done an excellent job of keeping the integrity of the building intact.
I may even like this remodel better than the old one.
The exposed wood ceiling is beautiful.
The patio is gorgeous.
And the reclaimed wood tables and low-slung benches in the dining area make you want to sit down and stay awhile.
There are free water spigots for regular and sparkling water, a nice touch,  However, I feel the food still has work to do.
I was not very impressed with my egg sandwich at breakfast.
I specifically asked if there was anything aside from guacamole, cheese, bacon and egg on the sandwich.
The cashier replied "No, nothing else".
Well, I get the sandwich and the guacamole has onions in it.
I hate onions.
Onions are my nemesis.
So, I have to awkwardly and messily scrape all the guacamole off my sandwich and put it back together.
Also, the cheese was not melted onto the sandwich.
It was just cold, grated cheese atop the egg.
I found that a bit odd.
If they can iron out the kinks with the food, which I have heard that they are trying to do (including adding new items to menu soon), then I think this place could be 5 stars.

This place has great potential.
Only being open for 2 weeks or so, they certainly need some workflow tweaks.
During breakfast, they forgot to give us our order number, which fouled up getting our coffee timely.
I had to approach the barista to ask where our coffee was.
His reply was that there were 2 tables with the same order number and he decided to keep the coffees at the station until we claimed it.
The coffee then had a taste like it had been burnt.
I had also asked the barista  if they had a high chair.
I watched him look for a second and then get distracted.
I had to walk around the entire place to find where they were located and found it myself.
The food, however, was pretty good.
I had the "devils mess", which was eggs to order with local chorizo, veggies in the eggs, and a piece of sourdough toast.
No side, which was disappointing and was still hungry.
As previously mentioned....it was really good food!
I would give it a 4 for food but a 2.5 for portions and service.
I really hope they work on a couple of things because I'd like to come back and try dinner soon.
There are just too many good places in town to go somewhere and be even a little disappointed.

I really like what they've done here.
Although I came in here for a takeaway lunch I would love to come back some afternoon for a beer or glass of wine.
I hope they add to the menu because it could have benefited from a few more items.
I decided on the  burger which was WAY too much bun (but the fries were OK).
I wanted something warm so I did not take enough time to take a look at what salads and other pre-prepared items they had in the cooler.
I waited for more than 5 minutes before I was acknowledged and my order taken......this was late afternoon so the place was not crowded.
The man who took my order also was not familiar with how to ring me up so I think that once the staff is more experienced and perhaps the service fine tuned I'm sure this aspect of the business will be ship shape.
So while I wasn't wowed with my experience I'll definitely give these guys another try.
Since the bar area is nice (and you can't screw up beer unless it's Natural Ice) I know I'm at least bound to enjoy knocking back a few here!

What's not to love about local organic community sustainable fresh everything wrapped into one downtown chill vibe spot?!
Yup ... Now if they would just get those BikeForce delivery service guys to deliver to my place in downtown my life would be complete!!!!
:) You guys rock #dtphx in every way.
Welcome to the cool hood!

The worst muffin I have ever ordered and the priciest also.
Charging $3.79 for a freakin stale, dry, no taste muffin is basically robbery.
How is it possible that there is no quality control tasting this baking disaster?
Amy probably can do better than this joke of a "Seasonal" muffin.
The seasonal was blackberry, but there was maybe one blackberry total present.
I broke it in half to share and the thing fell apart after 1 bite leaving a mess and with just crumbs I couldn't really return the thing.
Seriously, if you read this and still get a muffin.
your an idiot.

From the folks that brought you St. Francis.
A quick Friday lunch was on the agenda.
Public Market Cafe was new and seemed interesting.
Unlike St. Francis, you ordered at the counter and the food is brought out to you.
The menu is interesting, but not overwhelming big.
We opted for the Del Real Sandwich and the Roosevelt Row Bagel.
Both were brought out promptly and done very well.
The Del Real had a subtle sweetness to it.
The bagel was a two different tastes.
Guacamole on one side and hummus on the other.
The decor resembles that of St. Francis.
A bit utilitarian and semi-industrial.
That said, the place was comfortable.
We did not check it out, but there is a bar you can sit at as well.

We love St. Francis.
We're regulars there, and when we heard about the new place, we went to give it a try.
We liked the vibe and the location is fine for us -- we're about five minutes away.
Should be a popular place on First Fridays!
Nice menu, free seltzer water on tap, and you pay up front and they bring your meal to the table.
It's a good start.
But there were a few things wrong, at least in our first attempt.
I'll go back, because I know this place is still working out the kinks.
First off, I'm allergic to eggs, and I told them that at the order counter (but admittedly, the conversation was more about the mayonnaise in the coleslaw).
They served my pulled pork with an egg bun, unfortunately.
The sandwich is about $10, so it's pricey to have as the only thing on the plate.
Should be fries with it at that price.
One of us got a great looking baked sweet potato that really was consumed quickly.
Another person ordered a salad, and it came with a whole lot of ingredients that weren't listed in the menu.
It had to go back a couple of times -- they really need to either make it the way it is listed on the menu, or advise those who order that it has a few "bonus items" included ("The Chino," $10.50).
The atmosphere is nice and the management is, like St. Francis, very accommodating.
I can't give this particular $40 investment anything more than two stars, but I'll be back because I like their potential and the owners were so successful elsewhere that they ought to be able to fix these issues.
(And to St. Francis folks, please, please, please .
Don't put eggs in your buns, or at least offer an alternative, because you do this at both restaurants.
Good fresh bakery items don't have to have eggs.

We had a nice breakfast here.
Everything was well done and the market was going on outside.
Happy to have it in the neighborhood.
Excited to come back for happy hour.

A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!
My husband and I were ecstatic when we found out about the "Cafe".
We dine often at the St. Francis, therefore we knew that Chef Aaron Chamberlin would do an excellent job with this new venture.
If you go for breakfast the "Chick Pea Pancake" is a must and if you find yourself wanting something light and tasty for lunch then "The Chino" will be an excellent choice.
A nice plus is the free seltzer water on tap !
Our friends who live downtown are very thrilled to have a new fun place to stop in for a quick bite.
This cafe should do very well and a nice addition for the downtown neighbors.
Congratulations Chef Chamberlin & company !

Wasn't impressed.
We came here one Saturday evening and the place was dead for the most part.
We both ordered some drinks, burgers and a ceasar salad to split.
Everything was good, but nothing to rave about, and it was very empty which seemed weird for a Saturday night.
I'm a big fan of St. Francis so I really expected more.
I think I'd like to come back for breakfast when they have the farmers market happening and give it another try.

Tasty drinks good food and great staff what's not to like!
The Lee Trevino is excellent !

What a great place!!!
Verde pot pie, black bean soup and a wonderful sweet potato with a little chili/lime/coriander thing going on.
Plus, sparkling water on tap right next to the still water spigot for no charge- nice touch!
Lovely patio, great servers and generally nice vibe.
So nice to get cool dining options downtown.

All of there food is delicious and sooo healthy

This place is awesome.
This place is perfect for college students.
I was able to sit there and finish up some assignments - there is free wifi, get down on some coffee (They even brew cartel coffee!
), and enjoy some great food!
Located right by TAYLOR PLACE and DOWNTOWN ASU campus & it's just a short walk from Roosevelt row for FIRST FRIDAYS.
The location is prime.
FOOD:  Their vegetables are ultra ultra fresh and their ingredients are all great quality.
They get their stuff from the neighboring farmers market and you can taste the difference in the food when compared to other places.
The chicken is just tempting you as you walk in as they have them rotating in the over right by the cash registers.
I had that, some garlic mashed potatoes and a sweet potato - my life changed.
DRINKS: They have some really nice selections available on draft and they have good deals on margaritas and sangrias available by pitcher.
I have to say - nothing compares.
Freshly squeezed juices and real fruit - none of this margarita mix BS.
SERVICE/STAFF:  The service was exceptional.
They made sure I had everything I needed when they brought me my order.
The managers and the owners are really nice people.
The layout of the cafe creates a sense of wonder for first time visitors because there is a bar/coffee station, cash registers straight ahead, people eating, yet no servers.
They did a good job at explaining the restaurant concept, what they are going for, etc.
If you sit at the bar, you can get FULL SERVICE.
Otherwise you can grab a menu, order at the register, grab a number and sit down - they'll bring it to you.
Pretty neat.
Give this place a try.
You WILL NOT be disappointed.
A nice mom and pop shop that should get more support and credit for sure!

Wonderful place for breakfast downtown.
The breakfast sammy (see photo) was more heavenly than I thought it could be.
I don't know how those eggs were so fluffy, the bread was so great, and the cheese was so rich, but it was amazing.
My suggestion: get it and split it with a friend.
Neither of us could eat more than half.
Also, the atmosphere is just perfect for a Phoenix morning.
I'm eager to go back and try more!

This place is great!
Great food and a awesome and friendly staff.

I am impressed.
Especially with the coffee.
The cold brew I had was better than they even make in house at Cartel (public market uses Cartel beans).
I was expecting it to be like any other restaurant coffee: mildly drinkable.
However, I actually asked for an extra cup without ice to take home for the next morning.
The burger was astounding, the open face almond butter+apples+jam sandwich was perfection.
It's a place I'd like to go for a cocktail with my friends at night, but also I place I can imagine spending time in the afternoon studying (they have outlets at every table!!).
A great addition to downtown phoenix.

I was there for lunch yesterday 7/2/2013 and had th emost amazing experience.
We normally go for lunch pretty frequently and I have had nothing but awesome food.
i am obssessed with the chicken salad sandwhich and then the Chino salad in that order.
I haven't had a bad dessert and I have yet to drink there but that's to come for sure.
We go in and oorder and it's packed for lunch.
My colleauge and I sit outside, which wasn't too bad for the first 20 minutes and I notice that my food hadn't arrived yet.
Just as I was thinking about it , Cory the manager comes out to tell me that they are comping my food.
He said that the wait was completely unacceptable and basically that's not how they roll.
The truth of the matter is, I would have waited another 20 minutes for that sandwhich.
It really made my day to have that happen.
It feels like such a rare occassion that people go out of their way and it's nice when to see.

We visited here for breakfast two weekends ago and am a fan of a few things.
Love the ample, covered, free parking just to the west and we were immediately greeted when we walked in.
Loved the decor of the place and the menu was up behind the cash registers where you order your food.
I didn't catch his name but throughout our entire breakfast, this guy, a taller, light haired gentleman, took care of us explaining the ordering process and refilling my tea.
The cashier was friendly and both the Prickly Pear ice tea and iced coffee were good.
I ordered the Flanched Flarney Garney.
The sandwich sounded really similar to the Commuter sandwich I order at La Grande Orange and I was excited to find some competition since it's one of my favorite breakfast sandwiches on the planet.
We opted to sit outside since there weren't any open tables and it was cutely decorated with misters full blast.
A quick trip inside though to add some creamer to the iced coffee, we opted to go back inside and sit at the bar and enjoy the AC.
Our food arrived shortly and the scrambled egg was big!
I'm not sure what kind of bun it was on but sadly, it didn't have as much character as the LGO english muffin and the rest was subpar as well.
Don't get me wrong, it was good, but nothing compared to the Commuter.
Would I get it again?
No.
Will I be back?
Yes.
I'm just a little less excited to head back and try other breakfast offerings since the menu seemed limited.
My fiancé did enjoy his but he wasn't overly vocal about it, which means he wouldn't get it again either.
I will say their side of new potatoes was the best thing we ate there.
Also, while we were there, we saw an entire stack, minus one bite, of their chickpea pancakes left on a table.
That can't be a good sign!
Well go back for dinner sometime and try a few more things and hopefully fair better because I think this place has a lot of potential.

The Phoenix Public Market Café is a definite "must visit" for lunch if you find yourself in the Downtown Phoenix area.
I've already visited 3 times within the past month and each time I was not disappointed.
The Market Café is located off of Central on Pierce in a recently renovated space that once housed the Phoenix Public Market grocery store.
But instead of talking about the history, let's talk about my experience at the Market Café.
During my first visit, I did a quick overview of their menu and ordered the AZ Burger just to play it safe.
The AZ Burger came with green chile, lettuce, cheddar, and their house dressing.
The burger was cooked well and the bread that holds all the goodness together is great.
I was not disappointed with the burger or the service during my first visit.
For my second visit, I decided to try something else and ordered the grilled cheese which is served on toasted multi-grain bread with sharp cheddar cheese.
You're probably reading this and thinking that I could have made the same thing at home.
You're right!
However, what makes this grilled cheese awesome is the bread.
Even though the bread is toasted, it remained a little soft and warm in the middle while the crust had a nice toast to it.
In addition to the sandwich, I ordered a side of fries that also didn't disappoint.
They were lightly salted and still a tad soft when they were plated and served.
My second visit was a success.
Can the Phoenix Public Market Café go three for three?
You bet they can!
I went back for a third visit and ordered the fries again but this time I ordered the chicken salad sandwich which is served with basil, pine nuts, arugula, and tomatoes all found between two slices of 9-grain bread.
This sandwich packs some amazing flavor and some texture thanks to the bread they used.
Whomever the Market Café is using as their baker, they should do everything in their power not to lose him/her.
To date, my experiences at the Market Café have been positive thanks to the great food and service.
Aaron Chamberlin has done an amazing job with the space and also brought a wonderful yet simple menu to the Downtown Phoenix area.
By the way, If you have specific dietary needs (i.e.
vegetarian, vegan, gluten free, dairy free), then this is a place you can visit and find something that suits your needs as well.
If you are a supporter of local and enjoy good food, be sure to visit the Market Café at the Phoenix Public Market.

We were heading downtown on the lightrail to a D-Backs game and decided to go early and try Sunday brunch at this little cafe just a mile or so north of the stadium.
We were greeted by super-friendly servers and were instantly charmed by the decor and set-up.
The dining room was full so we sat on the patio.
We placed our order at the counter and didn't have to wait more than a few minutes for our drinks.
I tried the Melon Mojito- YUM!
Our food arrived rather promptly as well and my frittata was delicious as was my boyfriend's pulled pork sandwich.
Great service, great food, cute atmosphere.
I definitely recommend this place for brunch or lunch!

I met up with two of my besties today for brekkie and had, quite frankly, low expectations based on some things I'd heard.
Well, I was pleasantly surprised on a variety of levels.
First of all, my old buddy Mike was manning the coffee bar and made me a kick-ass cup of cold pressed coffee with agave syrup in it.
It was delish!
I had some reservations about the menu but we all found something yummy that pleased the palate.
I had the granola, creme fraiche, and fruit...my only quibble there was too much tasteless watermelon and not enough berries along with way too little granola, especially for the price.
It was enjoyable overall...not quite a "destination" joint based on the menu but it has good wait staff and a cool vibe inside.
So, how to get another couple of stars?
1.  offer specials and/or "locals-only" deals.
2.  offer more items on the menu for breakfast 3.  put the lemon aioli on the menu for the potatoes  Fancy food combinations aside, value and taste will keep folks coming in regularly.

I stumbled across this gem when I was walking to my car from Matt's big breakfast!
I took a second to stop by and check things out.
Very cool setup inside.
Bar Ardenato the right.
Large sitting area to the left.
Down the middle is the line to order area with side tables that offer house items to purchase.
The menu is extensive!
Good breakfast options and lunch items.
I definitely recommend the AZ Burger with fries!
There fries are SO Good!!!!
Great setup with excellent service!

At last I have found a restaurant with lip smacking peanut butter cookies in the Valley and I have looked!
Just the kind my Mother, a gourmet cook, would have put in front of me!
If for nothing else than these cookies,  the Phoenix Public Market would get five stars.
As it goes the pork sandwich was very good as was the gazpacho soup with melon balls, a very nice touch.
A nice fennel salad on the side made for a nice over all impression on my taste buds!
Go to this restaurant for an interesting meal and good service.
You'll enjoy it.

I have been back to the Cafe several times since my last review (the place is right next to my house!
), and I must say, I like this place...a lot.
I have tried their lentil soup (very good sweet to savory ratio with the coconut milk), rotisserie chicken (very moist), sweet potato (cooked well, didn't love the butter), French silk pie (ohhhh soooo chocolatey and rich...definitely my fave dessert here), the blondie (a little too sweet, but the BF likes it), and the chocolate stout cake (this is actually one I didn't like...the cake is kind of dry and the frosting is too buttery...not my fave).
Also, I went to the elite event here and sampled some delicious food, but I noticed the wonderful porcetta sandwich we got to try isn't on their menu!
That needs to be added stat!
We also got to try a delicious ice cream sandwich with corn cookies, which tasted like harder and sweeter cornbreads....it was pretty bomb.
Further, I tried their Farmer's cup drink (several times even :-P) and it is one of the most delicious drinks I have had in a long time....I love that it is both a little fresh from the cucumber, sweet from the lemonade, and spicy from the basil and pepper.
I'll definitely be back (in fact, planning on going tonight for happy hour, which is 3 to close all summer...awesome!).
PS They have a special right now where you can get any sandwich and a beer for 8$ on nights when there are D Backs home games....pretty sweet deal.

I first tried this during a recent Yelp event and a couple fellow Yelpers and I came back for happy hour and dinner.
I just love the feel of this place; bright, wide open and different areas to sit.
Their happy hour is daily, 3-close, $5 cocktails and mini pitchers.
I enjoyed my bar drinks.
I also ordered the soft pretzel with cheese dip ($3).
It was okay but I think what made it lackluster was the lukewarm dip.
Disappointing.
I really enjoyed my pork chile pot pie ($9.50).
Both of my friends ordered this too!
Mine had a lot of pork in it, my friend did not have hardly any, so that seemed inconsistent.
Other than that, I still enjoyed everything.
It is a great addition to the area.

When the D-Backs have a home game, PPMC offers a sweet deal: $8 for any sandwich or burger and a premium draft beer.
You heard me right, ladies and gentlemen--only eight bucks!
Just mention the special and it's all yours.
I ordered the AZ burger, medium rare.
It's topped with grilled peppers and they nailed the med-rare.
I can't remember what beer I drank (it was a new addition; I wasn't too drunk).
What a great deal!
Go, D-Backs!

Best happy hours!
3pm - close!
How fantastic is that?!
I'm not the greatest at ordering food that is not straight forward, so i ordered a chop salad and a mint/cucumber cocktail.
At first, i wasn't too sure if i liked it or not.
But since i didn't stop to take a sip until i cleared my plate, i must have loved my salad.
Then my drink was gone.
I don't know what happened.
It was just all so good.
Everything was fresh with as much local ingredients that they could fit in.
We went back for happy hour again today.
Both visits we had an enjoyable time talking with the staff working the bar.
Really looking forward to having a new hangout in the neighborhood.

I remember the old public market grocery and café, St. Francis' restauranteurs have truly revitalized it and created a cool and ultra hip space for sipping and dining.
First of all, killer happy hour from 3pm - close which allows you to imbibe some of the smartest crafted cocktails - Lee Trevino is my personal fave and most of the bartenders and gives nice kick of spice that I miss from often overly sweet one note cocktails.
The local beers on tap change every so often.
along with the awesome happy hour, it offers a great indoor/ outdoor bar which allows you to take advantage of the solid 7 hour happy hour no matter the weather.
Also, breakfast served until 3pm.
Hallelujah!
This place became clutch after one of those mornings where we didn't wake up for a proper brunch time but still wanted some perfectly cooked eggs and home fries.
The Flanched Flarney Garney spectacularly pairs eggs, bacon, avocado, and all the other fixings into a huge, delectable, and deviously delicious breakfast sandwich.
The regular menu is pretty varied and can please vegetarians and vegans alike and I have only had the sandwiches which seem to satisfy and are served with a kosher pickle and a summer slice of watermelon which means if you want side you have to add them on for an extra cost.
One thing that St. Francis' folk have done excellently in executing this revamp is creating a perfectly hip industrial yet warm and inviting space.
The different levels of seating options,create an urban rustic feel make for a great place to catch up with friends, take a date, lunch with parents, or just hang solo at the bar.
The outdoor with the fireplace will definitely become a highly desired spot for wine sipping during the colder months.
One thing is the whole organization of ordering food/ beverages.
The place makes it slightly confusing in how to get your full service of food and drink.
If you seat at the bar you can get both but if you plan to seat yourself somewhere else you must order separately and deal with paying on separate checks.
If there were some way to iron out that process this place would be almost perfect.

Few yelpers and I went to Happy Hour at Phoenix Public Market Cafe.
The soft pretzels and cheese plate was really good.
They only make a certain amount so you may not be able to get it on some days.
All of us ordered the pork chili pot pie for dinner.
I got my pot pie first, and ended up only having two pieces of pork in the pie.
My pie consist mostly of onions and sauce, hardly any meat.
It was really spicy and needed a small topping of lettuce, tomatoes and maybe guac to cut the heat.
Our waiter asked how we liked it, and I mentioned that mine hardly had any meat in it.
He said "you must of gotten the last bunch before they started making more" ..um that's not a good excuse especially if I'm paying $9.50 for it plus drinks.
I like the fact they start happy hour at 3 pm till close plus they are open early for breakfast.
It's a good place to try downtown and it's owned by the same individual as St. Francis.
It seems to attract an older crowd and families with young kids.

Love this New Cafe :-) Great design, Amazing Food, Awesome atmosphere!!!!
Pancakes are Amazing!
Pot pie is Spicy but super tasty, Sandwiches are Delightful!

This is a great place to kick back and relax with friends or by yourself, in the downtown area.
The food and drinks are good, as are the prices.
In addition to the main dining and bar area, there is a nice patio for (semi-)al fresco dining or imbibing, The staff provides efficient and friendly service and - for me a big plus in the summer - there's covered parking, except during the times when the farmer's market takes up the covered parking spaces.

It's a cute cafe with a great location in downtown.
Parking can be a bit of a beast depending on what's going on at the Market, but there's always a space to be found if you're patient.
It's a welcoming atmosphere and I love the flowers for sale.
The food is very good.
The group I went with all ordered something different and tried each other's items.
The pork chili pot pie is the way to go, it's got a good taste and consistency of spice to it.
The Flanched Flarney Garney (egg sandwich) was good, but it would be amazing if they would change the bread from a hamburger bun to toast.
It was way to bready with the bun, I ended up eating the sandwich sans bun.
Check in with yelp and get a free cookie.
I got a s'more cookie.
It was absolutely delicious and stole the show for the meal.

Well, this is not a "5" star like it's sister St. Francis, but really close.
The atmosphere is great.
Long picnic tables with low lighting and you counter order.
The food was ok, just not as mouth watering at St. Francis.
It was also a bummer that kids did not eat for free.
I would also like to see a few more items on the menu.
The s'more cookie we got for free with our Yelp check in was super tasty.

Love the vibe here, but the food was a little disappointing.
This used to be the old Public Market Grocery Store, but after the store closed, the owners of St Francis restored it as an all day café serving farm to table foods.
The concept is great and the restaurant itself has a great neighborhood feel to it.
I went here with a date for dinner on a Tuesday and the place was way busier than we expected.
They have a great patio in back so we sat out there and people watched.
I ordered the grilled cheese.
One question.
Where was the cheese?
The bread was very hearty, but I could barely taste a lick of the white cheddar in there.
Also got a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon and it was super cold.
I understand it's hard to keep wine at the right temperature during Phoenix summers, but they didn't need to refrigerate it that much.
My date got the Caesar salad and generally liked it.
She LOVED the Farmer's Cup cocktail.
I was tempted to grab one their displayed pastries, but took a pass this time around.
I'll be back to try again (probably for breakfast instead), but I hope they step up their game a bit next time.
The setting of the restaurant and the freshness of the ingredients are such that they should be able to make this concept work.

I only came for drinks, but WOW did they do a GREAT job with this place!
The decor is very urban and updated, but not pretentious at all!
I had a melon mojito that was awesome, and a red sangria that was very good as well.
The service was on point, prices right and location perfect!
Next time, I'll check out the food on the menu.

Limited breakfast menu, but what they have looks delicious.
I ordered the Devil's Mess and the New Potatoes.
More than enough food for one person - in fact, the New Potatoes order can be shared.
What makes this place different from other spots in the area is the covered parking.
Yes, free parking is unique for the area - throw in covered lot and it gets an extra half star just for that.
If you're from Phoenix and endure summers here you understand.

Fritata is good and the chick pea pancakes are amazing...
However, this place has a little insect problem (flies) very annoying!
And their system of giving you a number and then bringing  your food to you is an absolute mess, both times Ive been here for breakfast I have been given the wrong things or not  given what I ordered at all.
Employees seem very confused about who ordered what.
I'll def come back because I enjoy the food, but they lost a star from me because the fly situation is gross and annoying

Okay so I have to admit I was originally extremely unimpressed.
My brother brought home the chopped salad as well as the caesar and some pancakes over the weekend and they were alright but I expected more.
The cucumber and pickled onion side salad is delicious but messy people beware!
This is a messy persons worst night mare and upon ordering you are asking to just ruin a piece of your clothing..
Still worth it though!
Anyways I got in to the cafe today with Cole and we shared the del real sandwich with a cinnamon role.
The sandwich will definitely be my go to from here on out.
No complaints on the cinnamon role either.
They heat the pre made pastry up and top it with cream cheese frosting, yum!
Definitely go in soon and redeem your free cookie but tip: stay away from double chocolate and stick to the vegan peanut banana !

Great drinks at happy hour and tasty vegan options!
Breakfast potatoes can be made vegan and there are plenty of vegan sides and even some pastries.

Went in for dinner and had the chopped mediterranean salad and it was not what I was expecting.
The salad came with garbanzo beans but it was 70% garbanzo beans on mine.
A friend also chose the chopped mediterranean salad and her portion of garbanzo was maybe 20%.
I really wanted to send my salad back but was left to eat it after waiting almost 15 minutes for our waiter to make an appearance only to disappear within seconds.
He eventually returned 10 minutes later and it was too late.
The restaurant was pretty empty when we were seated which leads me to believe the waiter was watching the NBA finals on tv instead of servicing his tables.
Nice bar and outside area, service need a a little polishing, and food needs a little work as well.
Not saying I won't be back but ill give it a year.

I've eaten here 4 times now and the food has always been tasty.
I love the pancakes and there is a great veggie sandwich, it's huge so it can be shared otherwise be prepared for leftovers.
I love that they have sparkling water, my favorite.
It's a little noisy at times and an espresso is 4 bucks but other than that a good place for a tasty meal.

Love this place!
Amazing menu, great drinks, super friendly staff, great location and just all around great vibe to this place.
We'll definitely add this to our regular rotation...guess we're not the only ones though as this place gets pretty busy.

Came here last Saturday morning for breakfast before visiting the farmers market.
After I wasn't overly impressed with my breakfast before (See previous review), I asked the guy at the counter what else he could recommend.
Low and behold he suggested the chickpea pancakes for $8!
I decided to give them a shot.
We took a seat outside under the misters and waited for our food.
All the staff is very helpful and I still think its a great patio!
Our food arrived a short time later and the two pancakes looked good!
A little skimpy on the pecan's (no more than 6 chopped up) and banana's (maybe half a banana?
) on the top and a small cup for the syrup on the side.
The flavor was good and I was excited at the notion that they were probably healthier than your standard flour pancakes.
We're they the best pancakes, no but they were good and a solid choice.

This is a great place in Downtown Phoenix.
Went in for lunch and ordered their Pot Pie.
It was by far one of the best I have ever eaten.
Good flavor and just spicy enough.
Great atmosphere and the staff are very friendly and attentive.
Nice outside patio area as well.
This is a great place to ride your bike to if you live in the Central Phoenix area.
Plenty of bike rack space in front.

A friend and I came here for lunch during the week and I loved the laid back yet on spot service we received.
I love that you order from the counter and then seat yourself.
The ambience of the building is very open, urban, hip, and raw with the exposed ceiling beams.
I loved the neighborhood, community feeling mixed in with the urban, raw look of the materials used.
I had a pot pie that was amazing!!!
It was hearty, filling, and totally hit the spot.
I love having a meal that is filling and hearty but doesn't leave me feeling so full that I feel like I'm walking around with a brick in my stomach.
The side of Garlic Mashed Potatoes I had were equally amazing as the pot pie.
I loved that the potatoes were made fresh, and not overly buttered and salted.
I came here the other morning for coffee before heading over to the amazing Phoenix Public Market on Saturday's and was not only very happy with my coffee that I had, but I must say one of the gentlemen working the bar was very easy on the eyes.
Just saying!!!
Love getting great service, from great looking people too!

I have dropped in for a pastry and coffee, lounged around for breakfast, and even savored a happy hour at Phoenix Marketplace.
Always encountered Friendly service and fantastic eats!
My new fave dwntwn spot

I don't think I give 5 stars often but on the items we ordered, they deserve 5 stars.
Ordered the salmon which was pan seared crispy on one side, and rare plus on the inside.
It was seriously one of those unique times when a restaurant just cooked a piece of salmon perfectly.
We also had the green chile pork pot pie.
Crust was good, crispy and doughy and very comforting.
The green chile sauce was very flavorful and tasty as well.
I had their house chardonnay which was pretty affordable.
It's a coffee house/hipster vibe so it's casual and also a place you can eat and just hang out as well.
They have a great drink selection (including craft cocktails), I didn't try the cocktails but they all looked good.
Also a full selection of coffee as well.
Convenient to the downtown area and a great alternative to some of the more expensive and probably not good restaurants in downtown.
Also got a free cookie for yelp check-in!
Peanut butter was great but so is the smore cookie!

Stopped in for lunch.
Odd set up.
Counter service unless you sit at the bar... Community seating.
Distinct menu.
I had the avocado hummus bagel (Roosevelt row).
It was good and perked my curiosity to come back and try some other oddity on the menu.

Took over 20 mins to get a bagel served.
Upon arrival, there was barely enough cream cheese for half of the bagel!
Too bad  as this was my first AND last experience here!

I'm slowly becoming more and more of a fan this place.
Came here on a random Monday morning after I'd been craving pancakes and wanted a healthier choice.
This time I got more pecans and the pancakes really hit the spot.
Since they are so big, I was only able to eat one.
I found out from the girl who cleared our table though that you are able to order a half order of the pancakes!
Yay!
Score for a $4 breakfast!
In addition, I'd been having a mad craving for a cinnamon roll for the past few weeks and I was surprised when I walked in and saw them in the display case.
I of course had to order one, diet be damned!
It was fairly good sized and pretty good, definitely taking care of my craving!

Great customer service and really good healthy food.
Me and my family ate here after a stop at the science center, we walked a few blocks and relaxed and it was a great atmosphere.
My daughter is 3 and she loved the 9 grain grilled cheese.
We will definitely be back

Despite its imperfections, I have to hand it to Yelp.
Without it, I would never have noticed the Farm Cup on the menu and even if I had, would never have ordered it.
It is right up there with the most delicious cocktail I've ever had (a jalapeno mojito at House at Secret Garden).
It's rimmed in salt & pepper and has fresh basil and cucumbers in it.
It's slightly sweet and pleasingly sour and absolutely refreshing and delicious.
I had the soup-of-the-day--pumpkin, which was sublime.
The green chile burger was very good.
Hubby's pulled pork sandwich was very good.
Baked sweet potato had a yummy relish on it that was unexpected and very tasty.
I did find that the menu is quite limited.
I ordered the burger mainly because I couldn't find anything else I really wanted... except the salmon, but at $18 it seemed quite overpriced.
The place has a "cool" vibe and some interesting items in the small market area.
Due to the large warehouse design, it was noisy.
I will definitely return for the Farm Cup and hopefully catch some interesting daily special items.

I am coming around to the Phoenix Public Market Cafe.
My first review was in response to a bad breakfast experience but the lunches and dinners are far superior that their breakfast.
The green chili pot pie is awesome.
The pesto chicken salad looks amazing, I wish I had been able to try it before I gave up meat again!
In addition, the baked goods are very good.
I love all of the local vendors that are being represented.

Had a very good experience today at the Café for lunch.
Their black bean soup is great and, moving here from Miami, that says something!
Ordered the Burger, it was great and had wonderful spices and sauce.
The staff was as friendly and helpful as could be.
Very pleasant environment.
Will definitely return.

My 1st visit was delightful.
Service: friendly and responsive; my request  to split the 1/2-chicken meal with a friend was readily acquiesced.
Food: flavorful, delicious, promptly served.
Although I found the broccoli bland, the chicken, garlic mashed potatoes and beet salad broke the flavor barrier.
I only wish I had had room for one of their inviting desserts.

I was waiting and waiting and waiting .
.so when they finally did re-open I was so busy with work that it took me a while before I had the opportunity to actually try the new Cafe at Phoenix Public Market.
I think I had it so blown-up in my mind that it was going to be good, or even great  that I .
oh, what the heck, I don't want to lie about it .
.it was fantastic!
I ordered the Mediterranean Salad and it was enormous.
I tried and tried, but I just could not finish it all.
Not for lack of trying believe me .
and I always save room for dessert.
But .
This time I had to buy my dessert from the bakery case and take it home with me.
A very large chocolatey-fudgie cookie.
And, believe me that was a "snack" worth waiting for that evening.
My only disappointment was the cinnamon roll that I bought for breakfast.
It looked beautiful, but a secondary spice that overpowered the cinnamon made it a disappointment.
It was a good roll, just not a great cinnamon roll.
My advice is to take out the "other" spice and maybe add a few pecans .
and whatever you do leave off the sugar icing.
A little cream cheese icing would have gone a lot further to help me finish off my breakfast coffee!
I did not try the Cafe coffee, since it was a steaming day .
next time.
Oh, yes, I will be back to try some of the other goodies on the menu.
Perhaps the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie, or the Roosevelt Row Bagel, or one of their great sounding housemade soups - Southwest black bean, lentil curry coconut soup, or their beans & rice bowl.
Hunger is overtaking me .
do you know where the car keys are?

Really fantastic place.
Service could use improvement thus the lack of one star.
I don't understand anyone's desire to get breakfast anywhere else.
Why spend $ on a national chain when you can get bacon eggs and toast here for under $7 WHILE supporting a local business.
Delicious coffee too.

Phoenix Public Market: where Fresh, Local Conversation and food meet.
While I have only been here a small handful of times, I can see this quickly becoming my go-to hangout AND chow down venue.
First, let me note that the atmosphere alone for those of us who like casual, urban settings - you will find great solice in this wonderful downtown gem.
I sit here with my Iced Chai, and my Devils Mess (A fantastic mess of eggs, farm veg, local made chorizo, and a crunchy slab of home made 9 grain) and my trusty laptop, I have NEVER felt more relaxed in a Downtown cafe.
While it is a very nice, hip feeling place chanalling what I'd like to call a slice of Portland in Phoenix, I do not feel the posh annoying stares of Hipsters, and Buisness men.
I feel like I belong here, which I think is what they are going for.
There is a lovely mix of community seating, and tables - the outdoor seating if truly beautiful - although I have yet to sit out there.
Phoenix Public Market Cafe' has combined Urban, Industrial, and Classic Downtown Charm all into one place - AND I AM HOOKED.
I find myself invested in the sucess of this place.
I really do hope downtown is good for them, I feel they will thrive in this location - being a very short half a block walk from ASU downtown campus.
Now to get to the part we all love - THE FOOD.
Again as stated previous, I got a Iced Chai and The Devils Mess.
The Chai was some of the best I have ever had, and I do consider myself a bit of a Chai snob - It's the only drink I ever buy from a coffee shop or restaurant.
This was creamy, but not to sweet and did quench your thirst.
PERFECT CHAI BLISS.
The Eggs were really something special, fluffy, but the cilantro and hot peppers added the perfect complement.
The 9 grain was fresh, you could tell it had been made this morning, and was crunchy from grilling on the flat-top.
All around some of the BEST breakfast I've had in Downtown Phoenix.
I WILL BE BACK VERY VERY SOON!

A casual energetic urban center with a MOSTLY health focused menu unless you notice all the baked goods.
They do slow wood roasted meats on a rotisserie.
You order at the counter get handed a number find your seat and they run your order out to you unless you just go for the grab and go section.
Also a small amount of mostly local goods including books and nick knacks and some grains.
I tried a salad called Public Market Vegetables.
It was a mix of marinated, steamed and raw vegetables and went for the add on chicken up charge.
It was a very fresh tasting salad with a stunning mix of vegetables of different textures.
Carrot ribbons and spiral crisp carrot spaghetti, sprouts, fresh dill, spinach leaves and marinated cauliflower, broccoli and other vegetables.
The white meat chicken seemed poached and was very fresh.
For me this salad had too much acid in the dressing or maybe just combined with the marinated vegetables for me but I still thought it was a very above average salad.
My husband loved the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie.
The pork was tender with a really perfect spice level and all that tasty sauce just melted into the crust like butter.
They have all kinds of seating here.
Sofas tables with chairs and bench tables.
The restrooms are unisex.
Your silverware is in a bin on your table and you have to hope little kids didn't play with your utensils before you used them.

This is a nice welcome change to the choices of restaurants for the Downtown Phoenix ASU campus.
I've been quite a few times during busy times during lunch and off times such as 2/3 pm.
I've had the bagel sandwich, Del Rio, a couple of salads, and the rice bowl.
All have been pretty good.
The Del Rio sandwich sometimes has lacked all the ingredients listed on the menu.
The bagel sandwich (one bagel with hummus and the other with guacamole) is huge.
It is not good leftover though.
The rice bowl has an interesting taste and is pretty filling.
I've ordered side vegetables which are tasty.
The baked goods have been hit or miss.
The dark chocolate cookie looked good but had no flavor whatsoever.
The carrot cake cookie sandwich was very good though.
The service is sometimes good, sometimes really rude.
The cashiers are sometimes rude.
Sometimes they are nice.
The last few times I went, the cashiers act like I'm annoying them by just being there and ordering food.
Almost every time I've been, something has been left off my order.
The last time something was missing, the guy brought it and just slammed it down on the table.
Thanks!

Really cosy and innovative place.
Lentil curry coconut soup was amazing..worth a visit.

Been here three times and have really come to enjoy it.
Very cool design, food has never been a disappointment, and the beer list is good and features some locals.
When the weather is right, the outdoor patio is very enjoyable and gives a bit of seclusion from downtown.
The only thing I wouldn't mind seeing improved is the service, or at least getting a better understanding of the service setup.
Unless you're sitting at the bar, it's order at the register and they bring it to you.
If you're at the bar, you get a bit more service.
Not a huge deal, and it makes sense now that I've been a few times, but I could see it being confusing.
I'm glad to see this space seeming to do well and look forward to being back.
Besides, the video of the plants growing is really interesting and a fun way to reconnect with nature in an urban environment.

Stopped in for breakfast with my boyfriend.
He did not like his orange juice because he's never had fresh squeezed and thought it was too pulpy and not sweet enough but I thought it was great.
He did, however love the super crispy bacon and his giant bagel with cream cheese.
I had toast with cranberry jam, very different and delicious, and the fried new potatoes may be the best potatoes ever.
Unbelievable.
The.giant cookie I got free was delicious too.

Nothing like being swept away in an open space among strangers.
not sure if that even makes sense.
what makes sense, however, is the fact that Phoenix Public Market Café i posses a super chill vibe coupled with good, fresh food.
almost felt as if I was not in Phoenix as the open, airy and relaxed space will do anyone good.
was a great setting for a first date!

Phoenix public market cafe   We went to the farmers market on sat.
Stopped in the cafe for coffee but when we saw the menu and the food being brought out, we decided to have breakfast.
I had the frittata which was awesome , huge full of fresh veggies.
My husband had the breakfast sandwich, he loved every bite of it.
We will be back even though we live in Glendale for lunch or dinner.
I want to try everything on the menu especially the pork pot pie and the black bean soup.
It gets crazy busy and it is a bit of a wait for your food but so worth it.
The waitresses couldn't have been nicer.
You won't be sorry if you go there.
It is a darling homey atmosphere.

Our first meal in Phoenix.
we just landed and picked up the rental car.
The first thing we did was to Yelped food.
Anytime I see public market in the results it is usually a safe bet.
Right we were.
A great funky spot Burgers sandwiches baked goods coffee, Oh my.
it was so good it was our first and on the way home our last stop...

I am absolutely in love with this place.
If you are looking for a spot to chill, maybe put your earbuds in and work a little, or catch up with some friends - this is your place.
Owned by the same guy who owns St Francis, it's a classy place to grab a beer or a coffee.
The bathrooms are dope too.
Nothing super special, but unique and fitting.
They pay attention to detail.
The only reason I give it four stars instead if 5 is for their menu.
I wish there were seasonal specials.
I realize it probably keeps costs down to not invent new specials but even like a flatbread?
The 18$ roasted salmon plate just doesn't fit here.
I come frequently and the menu seems stagnant.
Don't get me wrong the food is uh-mazing.
Everything we've had is great.
The Mediterranean and the chino salads are great.
My fiancé loves the pork chile verde pot pie and the grilled cheese is total comfort food (I suggest adding tomato or avocado).
If you haven't stopped by this gem in downtown I highly recommend it!

This is becoming one of my favorite spots to hang out in downtown Phoenix.
Firstly, all of the workers here are friendly.
Secondly, the food is great (My favorites are the AZ burger, Chicken salad sandwich, or the pulled pork sandwich).
Thirdly, they have one of the best happy hours in town.
3pm-close you can get half priced cocktails, wine, and for 5 dollars you can get a pitcher of beer, which is perfect for hanging out with a friend.
Their selection isn't incredible, but everything they have is good.
Do yourself a favor and give it a try!

My friend and I had lunch here and had a wonderful time.
He had the Roosevelt bagel and a vegan oatmeal banana cookie.
I had the black bean soup.
The food was so fresh and the environment was so inviting.
We sat on the patio and enjoyed the mild sunny day.
One thing I loved about this place is when you get a water, you have the option to get regular or carbonated water.
I love sparkling water so this made me really happy.

I'm done eating and I thought I would put down a few thoughts and questions.
The space is great the look, fixtures the bar and counter are all done well I love the view of the kitchen.
We came for a late breakfast , oatmeal was good we wished all the accompaniments had come separately oatmeal is a dish we think a lot of people might have their own special mix for.
I had a standard eggs, bacon, potato, toast.
I asked for a extra egg it never showed up but my girlfriend order one egg scrambled on the side an I'm pretty sure my extra egg over easy made it in to her frying pan.
I don't get the counter service,  a number of places around town have it.
How much do I tip and how much are your servers getting paid?
What do I do if I feel that my visit was inadequate ?
It seemed you were over staffed yet I didn't get the quality attention I expect.
A waiter needs the tips at the end to stay motivated.
I'm a waiter and I would hate having to run food here and not know from looking at the ticket who ordered which item, auction every plate of food at a table is bad service.
Your staff Is great they are friendly and comfortable with their roles, If any thing they could get pushed to work harder and make a few more bucks  with tips and hourly I hope your FOH staff is averaging $20 per hour

Oat risotto is amazing!
Perfect balance of oatmeal, nut medley, and fresh fruit.
Topped off with a pair of fresh danishes and an almond milk latte...
Eaten outside in the sun...
Perfect welcome to Phoenix!

I love this place!
I have been to numerous places with the same business plan in mind, but what makes this place EXCEPTIONAL is their service!
Who doesn't love friendly hello from the cashier?
I was craving breakfast so I had the Rooster Booster!
It came out in a timely manner and was exactly as I would have expected it.
I am looking forward to coming back for happy hour now that I work in the neighborhood!

I love this place.
Great food, excellent servers, awesome indoor/outdoor architecture.
Phoenix Public Market has it going on.
Except for one thing.
What is UP with the beer selection?
The obsession with high gravity IPA's, Hefe's, or sweet dark beers-- at Phoenix Public Market & elsewhere-- is so tired.
In an era & in a neighborhood where there are lots of tap selections like this, why not diversify and have an intelligent, crisp pilsner on line?
I'm not talking Bud or Stella (blech...), but something like Polestar, 4 Peaks Poppin Pils, Firestone Pivo (2013 GABF gold medal winner), or one of about a dozen other delicious crafts available?
Or, an awesome german pilsner (Spaten?
Lowenbrau?).
I find it quite mystifying.
Whoever makes the beer selection, pretty please expand the Market's palette & swap out a line or two... make an intelligent selection or two of delicious pilsners and you'll sell TONS more beer, I so guarantee it!
Thirsty, with my fingers crossed...

The Lee Trevino cocktail is yummy!
The veggies and garlic mashed potatoes are to LIVE FOR!

First time today at PPMC.
Loved the layout of the cafe.
Warm, welcoming and casual.
Great menu to choose from.
The food lived up to its promise that had the front of the house not been a total disaster, I would have given 4.5 stars.
Regrettably, once the food left the kitchen, it seemed like the staff did not know what to do with it.
Several if our items just sat there waiting to be picked up.
Items were missed and even though the staff was very courteous in making amends, the experience was ruined.

I had the pork pot pie and it was AMAZING!
Also had the cranberry Mojito which was great as well

Solid option for food, ambiance and free wi-fi + add character with an indoor & outdoor space that oozes comfortable cool.
Steel cut oats risotto was a solid way to start the day.

Fantastic, not expensive, Beans and rice are on point

Food is good and the bar is fun to sit at.
Can be a little crowded sometimes.
I highly recommend the pretzels.
They are delicious and so warm!
They are great to snack on in the winter with a beer.
The service is very good and friendly.

Beautiful space, but the experience--particularly the service--was a letdown for this St. Francis fan.
Service on the Tuesday we visited with a party of 6 was painfully slow despite a quiet dinner crowd.
Our server repeatedly pointed out that he didn't know much about the menu because he usually works at St. Francis.
He was pleasant but distracted, forgetful, and uninformative.
They were out of pot pies even though the place was virtually empty and "the computer said" they had two left according to our server.
The prime rib special was cooked perfectly, but under-seasoned.
Might try again for a weekday lunch, since that's when this place should really shine, but I'll stick with St. Francis for dinner.

I absolutely LOVE the Phoenix Public Market Café.
In fact so much, that I am now a regular, and visit it pretty much every Saturday.
Breakfast: Hands down, we love the Devil's Mess: Chorizo, Eggs, peppers, and Cilantro.
Filling, and priced unreasonably low at $6.50.
My little brother calls them "Fire Eggs" and talks about them all week long.
The pastries are all pretty delicious: one of our new favorites is an appetizer of their version of a pop tart.
Heated up, its perfect to share for the table.
Also, the cinnamon rolls are very tasty.
Beverages: Coffee is from Cartel, and juice is fresh squeezed in house.
Décor: Lovely modern, GREAT space!
They also have several AZ items to sell- keeping it local.
Lunch: I've seen several roasted meats cooking on the spit, and the smell is heavenly.
We hope to be back during lunch to check out the menu.
If you haven't been down yet- you owe it to yourself to check it out!
PS: The patio is Heated AND dog friendly.

This place is our new favorite spot.
On Saturdays after perusing the Phoenix farmer's market in the parking lot next door, we come here for brunch.
This place used to be a little market & cafe but they really did a great job reconstructing it.
The patio area has sleek, long wooden benches and tables along with a fireplace and a bar area.
And, it's dog-friendly!
I have dined here a few times and haven't been disappointed.
I've tried the pesto frittata, beans & rice bowl, the open-faced veggie melt and the vegetarian Del Real sandwich (my favorite veggie sandwich everrrr).
My boyfriend LOVES their Flanched Flarney Garney sandwich filled with bacon, eggs and avocado.
Their bread is fantastic and you can take home a loaf, too.
They have a fantastic happy hour that we've been meaning to take advantage of.
It's every day from 3-close and their five rotating draft selections look great.
Oh, and their coffee is divine.
Great food, generous portions, lovely ambiance, perfect patio and a friendly staff.
We're hooked.

I absolutely fell in love with this place !!
It's super cute and the staff is amazing !
The pancakes are to die for !
Best pancakes I've ever had !
It's a MUST GO !!!

Very modern looking place.
I Like the chicken sandwich I had.
The lemonade was perfect.
Didn't taste like concentrate as usual.
Service was sweet and informative.
The girl seemed to know what she was talking about whenever asked about the menu.
They were pretty quick at bringing our food out as well.
We had arrived just before the lunch rush hour flowed in.
Over all...an excellent lunch time experience.

They have some amazing pastries here.
Right now they have the most amazing strawberry pop tart.
It is definitely worth getting.
It's not overly sweet which was the best part.
Hats off to the chef!

Came here only for drinks, the kitchen was already closed.
Great atmosphere and location, the staff are friendly and easy to get along with!
Had a great time.
Will definitely return to this cafe for some lunch and happy hour before a game downtown.

First time a guest and I went to PPMC, we ordered from the counter and sat at the bar.
We were immediately scolded for ordering at the counter and taking a seat at the bar.
Apparently, one must be seated at the bar to order if you are to be seated there.
So I went back solo today....sat at the bar.
I chose one of only a few seats available.
There were some used plates and glasses on the bar at my place that the previous patron had just left.
I asked the bartender if it was OK that I sat there.
He assured me that he would clear the plates/glasses and get me started.
10 minutes later, nothing...no eye contact, no clearing of the old crap and no acknowledgement that I was there.
Subsequently, I left.
Ordering nothing and having no professional service.
This place is cool....the ambiance is great...but honestly, the service SUCKS.
There are many places I could chose from in that vicinity that has stellar service AND food/drinks.
So I chose to go to one of those instead.
It is a shame that a bartender cannot multi-task and an establishment is void of customer service.
Come on PPMC....get it together!
I don't think I will come back.
Lux, Rumbar.
and a host of other establishments puts short pants on your service.
You may "look" good, but if cannot deliver, I'm out.
I will say that the brandy spiked sangria (which we had during our first visit) is extraordinary.
Try it.....unfortunately, I'll go down the street to Carly's for their own version and get some proper service.

Favorite neighborhood spot.
Aaron Chamberlain really wowed me with his new restaurant.
I love how he and his team renovated the space but kept true to the community as well as the name and the feel.
The food is delicious, breakfast favorites are the Devils Mess, Flarney Garney and Frittata.
For lunch, the Chino salad or grilled cheese are excellent.
For dinner, my boyfriend loves the pot pie and when decide to splurge, their roast chicken is so flavorful and moist.
I also like their sweet potatoes and island bowl wih fresh blanched veggies, aioli and nori.
Yum.
Okay I'm drooling.
The best part about this place in my opinion is that it's easy, the service is great, there are so many options for people with different eating styles that I feel comfortable bringing most anyone from my parents, to friends, to a visitor to show them a place that represents the heart of Phoenix.

Such a cute restaurant!
Went there for breakfast - good coffee and their new potatoes were amazing.

DW and I were just walking around DT from the underwhelming Phoenix Festival of the Arts when we came across this place.
Stopped in for a draft with pretzels and jalapeno cheese sauce.
The sauce was tasty but the pretzels were overdone.
Service was attentive and food selections were different enough to warrant some epicurean exploring on future visits.

This place is amazing, the staff is friendly and helpful and the food is spectacular!!
When I'm downtown I try to come here as much as possible!
Also if you wanna get a drink, the Farmers Cup is to die for!

Hip and relaxed, without breaking the bank.
We'll be back.

Delicious!

My husband and I had an early Sunday and decided to try Phx Public Market.
It was a horrible.
They were not ready for early customers; we sat at the bar and had to ask if they were serving drinks after 15 mins no one even said hello.
Our waitress/order taker forgot what I ordered (her one job).
We got the Churchill is was subpar I do not recommend this place especially early on the morning.

Absolutely great food with local ingredients and not too expensive for what it is.
I would recommend the rice bowl, soups, pretzels, and especially the sandwiches because the bread is amazing.
Absolutely great.
Great little place with outdoor seating and funky indoor seating.
Fantastic food, great joint.

Visited this place the evening of Sunday, December 22nd.
We arrived a little after 9pm.
My friend and I sat at the bar excited to have a couple drinks and enjoy what seemed to be a really fabulous ambiance.
We sat down, took off our coats, got comfy and got ready to order drinks.
It was at this point the bartender said they were closed.
We looked around and the guys next to us at the bar had shiny new and full pints.
We told the bartender that it was only 9:05pm and all he said was sorry and shrugged his shoulders.
Not sure what we did to piss him off (if we did) but sheesh that was shitty!
Plan to tell everyone I know and I'll make sure to never go there again.
May not even go to Food Truck Fridays anymore either...

Not only am I impressed with the food and location, I'm impressed with the employees.
And no, I'm not personal friends with any of them.
:)  I have been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and had great experiences every time!
I especially love the salmon.
It was amazing.
But what really stood out is the genuine people that work there.
One morning, a handicapped man that appeared to be a regular was talking to an employee.
Although she was busy with the restaurant, she took the time to talk to this man that needed help.
She was very patient and kind despite the hectic restaurant.
Very impressive.
Felt like a legit local restaurant.
I will continue to be back and bring my friends.

So much fun!

Had to add on that we had a delicious green Chile burger and the pretzels and cheese are divine!

This is a really interesting place to get a quick bite or something sweet to eat.
I love that it's a local business and right next to the Phoenix Public Market.
In terms of quality of food, things here are great.
The menu is simple, but done well and local ingredients and artisans are showcased here.
The only two downsides I have experienced in my several visits, are the inconsistencies when it comes to their coffee bar - the drinks I've had just weren't very good, and when you go at night when seating is required, it feels really disorganized.
All in all, I would recommend that you give this place a try - I feel like they could work out those little kinks and be a really great local place to enjoy some great meals and interesting cocktails.
Try the Farmer's Cup and the Chicken Salad Sandwich.
Both are fantastic!

What a great little spot in Downtown Phoenix.
We were just passing through and thanks to Yelp, we found this gem.
The food was fantastic: eggs, pancakes and the corn cookie was heavenly.
Will definitely be back.

I loved that it was relaxed enough we could sit with our dog on the cozy padded seating in front of a beautiful fireplace and enjoy our ridiculously delicious sandwich ( porkchetta).
If you are a gingerbread enthusiast...which I am....their dark,moist gingerbread topped with molasses, candied ginger slices, figs, and currants was delectable and will definitely bring me back in the future!
Easily the best meal I've had in months.

A great gem in DT Phoenix with fresh market fare, wood burning rotisserie chicken, pork, & prime rib.
Freshly baked food intoxicate the dining room with yummy comfort.
Seasonal, fresh, creative menu, helpful and eager staff.
Make sure to order the rotisserie chicken with yummy hand cut fries.

It is easy and quick to order and the food is great.
The environment is good for starting conversations and my BF and I enjoyed the time there.

The Del Real Sandwich was well-proportioned and had a rather full and rich flavor for a vegetarian sandwich.
However, I quickly became jaded with it by the second half.
The Angelhair Pasta was appropriately spicy and the Southwest Black Bean Soup was adequate.
All in all, the ingredients were fresh, the preparation of the food was on point, and the service was quick.
The restaurant itself has a rustic meet urban look.

Service could have been better but the food was delish!
So good that it warrants a second visit!

Absolutely amazing in every way!!
That burger is too damn insane and too damn delicious.
I swear I inhaled it in 2 seconds.
The jalapeño burger.
Get it!
Great staff too and awesome atmosphere

I went here for coffee on a Sunday morning.
This place is amazing the coffee was a strong and great.
Every single staff member that i came in contact with was fantastic.
I can not wait to try this place for breakfast or lunch.
My only complaint there is not enough seating.

I love everything about this concept.
It is remarkably adorable inside and has a great outdoor area too, not to mention it is home to food truck Friday - best day of the week!
The food is pretty good as well.
I love love the fresh and uniquely blended juices and the fact that it is all local.
The owners of St. Francis killed it!

With an environment Similar to one of Seattle or Portland, phoenix public market cafe has unmatched vibe to rest of the cafe/restaurant in the valley of the sun.
The place has its pros and cons to it, but overall if in the neighborhood definitely try it out.
The AZ burger is quite phenomenal, green chilies and a medium cooked burger goes quite delicious with either a iced coffee and a cold pint of Deschutes.

Stopped by here for lunch.
Got the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie.
Savory, scrumptuous, complex.
Sorta like a chicken pot pie, but with a twist.
Also got the fresh orange juice, which was on point.
The ambience is probably the best part, it's open market style.
Felt like being in Portland or something.

Great food!
Great service!
I will go back!

Love the atmosphere.
What a cool find.
Too bad about the loooong wait for food.
We heard they were dog friendly so we had lunch here on New Years Day after going to the dog park downtown.
We placed a food order and we were warned that the wait for food was around 30 minutes.
Which was fine by us.
We picked up a pastry to hold us over and I ordered a bloody mary.
Ordering a cocktail can be kind of confusing.
You can either go to the bar separately to order one, or order one at the food counter like I did.
But then I had to go to the bar and tell the bartender that I ordered a bloody mary, and give him my table number.
I guess they go by the honors system.
The self seating system can be a little chaotic, and you may have to wait around for people to leave.
Many people park themselves at a table and stay for what seems like hours.
The patio is dog friendly and the staff is very accommodating with dogs, but be warned that it is a little cramped and may not be suitable for larger breeds.
We polished off our decadent chocolate filled croissant.
It was perfect.
My bloody mary was awesome too, brimming with garden goodness.
My only complaint is they are damn expensive.
$9.
Kind of ridiculous for a mid day cocktail.
The 30 minute wait turned into a 45 minute wait.
The staff apologized profusely for the delay.
I guess the kitchen got slammed unexpectedly.
Luckily we had the day off and no where else to go, so we didn't mind too much.
My hubby and I both had the egg sandwich, but mine without bacon.
It was scrumptious.
Every ingredient was top notch.
My only complaint about the sandwich is that on the menu it said it has avocado when actually it is guacamole.
The problem with this guacamole is that it was full of raw onion.
I DESPISE raw onion.
If I would have know I would have skipped the guac.
May sound finicky but I scraped off every piece of onion off the sandwich before I ate it.
We also shared a side of breakfast potatoes which were cooked perfectly.
Crispy on the outside, tender on the inside.
Yum.
The staff is helpful, warm, and a lot of fun.
Even with the raw onion issue, the expensive bloody mary, and the long wait for food, the exceptional service and yummy food made up for the shortcomings.
We look forward to our next visit and can't wait to sample the rest of the menu.

Love LOVE this place.
You will too!
Same owner that owns St. Francis on Camelback.
Two tips:  1.
Why wait an hour at Matt's Big Breakfast if you can get an even better breakfast here with no wait (yes, I have had every menu item!).
While the lunch and dinner menu has at least one item that will wow you, so too will the homemade desserts!
Order at the counter and then find a place to sit.
The beautiful food will somehow find you.

After craving a late breakfast, I sat at the bar and ordered the Rooster Booster.
This meal consists of 2 eggs any style, bacon, toast, and potatoes.
I inquired if I could alter this by subbing chorizo instead of bacon and replacing the toast with their farm vegetables, which was braised turnips and Swiss chard that day.
The bartender was very nice and said it should be no problem at all.
My plate arrived not long after and it was overflowing with foodporn.
Even the guy who brought it to me from the kitchen said, "Here you go, that looks *really* good!
" And let me say, this meal was EXACTLY what I was looking for.
I fully regret not taking a picture of the beautiful and colorful bounty.
I crave vegetables (morning, noon, and night) and breakfasts often fall extremely short of them.
The turnips and chard were unbelievably good and tied everything together wonderfully.
I pleasantly surprised when receiving the bill to discover that I was not charged for adding farm vegetables.
Super score!
If you are looking for organic, local food in a relaxed and comfortable environment, look no further and support this terrific cafe!

OK - to preface everything - I sincerely like the food at this place.
I like the space itself, indoors and out, and want to support local restaurants, farmers, artisans, etc.
For the most part, I am docking this place down for terrible service and a terrible service model for food that isn't cheap.
The fact of the matter is that this place operates on a Pei-Wei type service model.
Order at the front, tip (for service you don't receive) and your food is brought out to you and you are never talked to again.
Fill your own water.
Wait, you want another drink, well go get it yourself from the bar.
However, what seems to be the service exception is the bar.
Which is why I like to sit at the bar.
You're supposed to have service because you are paying after you eat.
But - you see, I have been here probably 5 times in the past 4 weeks.
Out of those times, I would say 4 of them I or my friends have had to flag down the bartender or the server (not sure if they are really supposed to be servers, because they don't ask how your food is, or provide much service other than delivering the food) in the restaurant for an item.
And  I mean chase a bartender/server down to get a drink when there is no one at the bar.
The seats at the bar weren't always filled, and bartenders aren't stressed with orders, just dawdling and not paying attention to customers at all.
Cleaning the espresso machine, making lemon twists, making orange juice, not paying any attention to what is going on with their customers.
Each time I have been seated at a bar, the bartender has never proactively ever asked me what I would like to drink, nor have they asked if I would like a refill.
Same goes for the restaurant - seated at a table - our food took 25-30 mins to come out, (fries 5 mins after the burger) and after it came out, the server was nowhere to be found.
(But again, are they really servers?
Are they supposed to provide service?
) All we needed was some extra silverware and some extra ketchup.
(Fries only come with one little cup of ketchup) Once we saw her, I ordered a new drink - and that took another 15-20 minutes to come out, at which time, I was close to finished with my food.
Overall, when the food comes out, it is good.
However, the burger is $10 and doesn't include fries ($3 and ask for them extra crispy)... and remember... no service.
So I am conflicted - if I want a good burger and no service, I might as well go to Five Guys (cheaper and better) or it's this place's sister restaurant St. Francis, where I can pay about the same price for burger and fries and have a server.
Finally, the local wares.
Yes!
I want to support local - I'm not sure who is doing the pricing on these items.
A cotton grocery bag with a screen print of the logo - $14?
That is nuts!
I can get one at Fresh and Easy for $.99.
Again, I get the local thing.
But appropriate pricing is also relevant.
A 2.2 lb bag of flour for $9?
I would pay around $5 - because it's local, but $9?
When the pricing is so drastically different than what you can get at the grocery store ($2.49 for 5 lbs of flour) it does a disservice to local producers as the price is so disproportionate its somewhat unaffordable to buy local.
(And 2.2 lbs of flour isn't going to last long.
)   I would definitely encourage you to try this out (and the market next door).
It's definitely worth a look.
Just don't expect any service.

Great service and food.
Definitely will be coming back for the delicious burger for lunch

Randomly went here during my emergency trip to Phoenix and ordered quinoa salas.
It was amazing and helped with my stress at the time.
Had a good time here.

Great service today!
I definitely recommend The Hulk fresh squeezed juice!
Delish!
Lots if friendly staff here today!

In the mood for a great dessert?
COME HERE!!!!
Had a wonderful late lunch here the other week.
We tried the BBQ pork and the AB&J.
BOTH DELIGHTFUL!!!
I have been craving it ever since!
We also got a couple of baked goods A couple for there, a couple to take home.
We tried the chocolate cream pie (I think that's what it was called)...
PURE HEAVEN!!!!!
Creamy chocolate filling on top of caramel, nestled in a crumbly sweet and salty chocolate shell, topped with some type of amazing whipped sweet creme.
WOW!
A MUST TRY!
We loved it so much that we ended up being 5 total to take home and share with people.
I also took home a pecan sandie cookie, a chocolate cream filled sandwich cookie, and a homemade pop tart.
ALL WERE TO DIE FOR!!!
That stuff barely lasted the weekend!
We loved this place so much that we are HIGHLY considering make a grab-n-go station at our upcoming wedding out of their delicious sweet treats.
You must tell people of this wonderful wonderful place!

This cafe is brilliantly designed and the food is fabulous.
You go up to the tills to order but its table service from there.
The refillable water and lemon   especially lovely and refreshing in the heat.
I had the pulled bbq pork burgers which was delicious served with a quarter of a pickle and a slice of watermelon.
Lovely atmosphere along with the brilliant food and service.

Ya, I know, another update.
I had to write about how much I love this place's happy hour.
It is 3-close everyday.
You heard me, everyday!
Amazing.
I have been here a whole bunch for happy hour including before the rehearsal dinner with a large group for my wedding, a friend's birthday, and new years eve.
You can't beat it, pitchers and cocktails for 5$.
The service here is a little inconsistent...there is a guy who works the bar who seems to space out and doesn't acknowledge your existence...not cool, but the girl who works behind the bar with the 'hawk is awesome!
Funny, great at making drinks, and friendly.
I am still in love with the farmer's cup and get that every time.
I have also had their special white sangria, which is delicious, the marg  (which is good, but strooong), and the red sangria, which is good but the farmer's cup prevails as my favorite (can't beat the sweet/sour/fresh/spicy combo and the salt and pepper rim).
I recently was introduced to their pretzels and cheese sauce.... oh my goodness that stuff is wonderful.
The cheese sauce is spectacular...
I can eat it with a spoon (and I have).
It is so flavorful, kind of oniony and creamy and delicious...
I can't even describe it, you just need to go taste it.
It comes with two soft pretzels that are the perfect consistency and come out hot and ohhh so good.
Go there.
Get it.
Thank me later.
PS what happened to the porcetta sandwich from the Yelp event?
Put it on the menu guys, it is so awesome, the world must taste it.
K thanks.
Also, if you all were open later than 10, I would come out... just sayin.
pps I brought home a strawberry 'poptart' and ate it tonight (a day later) and it was ridiculously good...
So flaky and delicious, just the right amount of sweet... Yummmm.

If you live in the vicinity of the PPMC....I supremely envy your the blessing of your proximity.
Simply put: if you enjoy delicious food, don't wait for Wednesday/Saturday to roll around.
Celebrate your taste buds!
Go forth, and fill .
your .
face!
I popped over for Saturday morning breakfast.
I opted for the full service bar, though you may order at the counter and seat yourself (later in the day they have patio seating near a woodstove!).
At 7am it was easy to get a seat, but I had been warned that Saturday is their busiest day - so be wary of late brunch rush.
Each of their breakfast offerings were tempting, but I was captivated by the Evans-Churchill.
Two poached eggs over market-fresh veg sauteed in agave + pesto, dressing up a foundation of quinoa.
Vegan/gluten-friendly and all for $10.25.
A cup of Cartel coffee (so delicious it needs not cream nor sugar!
), and my Evans-Churchill + a side of potatoes ($4 for 4 baby-fist sized potats!
) - I was in heaven.
Sunshine, excellent indie-rock buzzing through the room, a video loop of reaching and growing radishes over the course of 42 days, and did I mention the flavor explosion in my mouth?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
While I was absolutely busting at the seems, my eyes were still hungry for more more MORE of the menu!
Freshly squeezed juices offer the perfect compliment to the full bar offerings.
So SOOOO many plates: Eat the Rainbow (steamed and raw veg with a variety of sauces), Chicpea Pancakes (with banana and almond), House Pretzels (with jalapeno cheese sauce) - the list goes on, and is ever-evolving, revolving with the seasons.
And for checking in on Yelp, I got to take a cookie (a scrumptious pecan sandie) for the road!
The PPMC is one of those places that when you leave, you look longingly over your shoulder and whisper like Harry Potter, "I'm not going home, not really.
"  The tip top crown of my brief Western adventure, and so much to warm a polar vortex heart.
I will return to AZ, if only for another breakfast in the sunlit table tops of the PPMC.

Breakfast, lunch or dinner - you can't go wrong at this urban relaxed hangout downtown.
It's open -- we've frequently shared benches and tables with other patrons and the location has patio seating.
The Phoenix Public Market Cafe supports local farmers and vendors.
For breakfast - I've had the Devil's Mess - eggs, fresh veggies, chorizo and chiles and the Fresh fruit with Oatmeal and Yogurt.
Both are delishish!
Any of their sandwiches are fatastic as well!
Plenty of free parking available as well!

I love the food, it is amazing.
Small, quaint, great cocktails.
Terrible terrible service during dinner.
We had a person come to our table 5 minutes after sitting down to get us menus and tell us our server would be right with us.
Then another girl came and gave us water and while we started asking questions about food she said she didn't know anything about the menu and our server would be right with us.
Ok?
Then our server finally shows up, we order and food takes 20 minutes.
With two small children this wait was long but we know how to entertain our kids so it wasn't the end of the world.
We are never disappointed with our food here but this is the second time we've dined here for dinner and I just think they need more ambitious people to serve food.
They have no desire to "serve" anyone.

We ended up here after we failed at eating at Matts Big Breakfast.
Thank goodness!
As I walked up to the door, there are bicycles parked out front and vegetables growing beneath the windows.
My kind of place!
This is a "walk up and order" joint which usually gives me anxiety as I feel rushed into a decision.
There was a "calm" about the room that made me feel at ease.
The kids got pastries which were heavenly!!!
I wish I would have gotten one.
The egg dish I hair (frittata) was ok but nothing special.
The service here is AMAZING.
We were checked in on several times and in a very genuine and non-obstructive way.
Would definitely recommend.

The mettle of a restaurant is measured by how the staff reacts when they mess up.
In my case, after waiting 28 minutes for poached eggs, I went up to the counter to ask where my order was.
I was asked to wait a few more minutes, so I questioned whether my order was even started (these are poached eggs after all).
My question was met with lots of attitude from Nicole, who was unapologetic and informed me that it "takes time" to sautee the vegetables (spinach LOL) that come with my eggs.
A little dumbfounded, I waited for an apology, a gesture of regret, an attempt to make it right, but that's apparently beyond the customer service capabilities of this place.
So I requested my money back, went home, and had eggs ready in 90 seconds.

Great food Only one problem I don't like is that they put the silverware in a tin in the center of the tables.
People cough, and talk over it which makes it not sanitary.

Three words:  Salted Caramel Macaroon.
The food was distinctive, atmosphere hip and fun, service fine but the glittery, indulgent simple dessert was damn near perfection.
In case you missed it, Salted Caramel Macaroon.

Great fresh bloody mary's!
Food was very good, and the atmosphere has a a lot of energy.

A group of friends came here for National Margarita Day.
We had guacamole, ceviche and a couple of margaritas.
The guacamole was mediocre, ceviche a little bland and the margaritas were just right.
The service was extremely slow and it took them a couple of times to get our order right.

Amazing food, atmosphere , drinks...
Even if you do not live close by, it is for sure worth a drive!

Phoenix Public Market combines many things a man like me loves: Fresh produce, non-processed food, all with a localized impact.
I rarely eat at chain restaurants these days because of the high quality dishes local spots like Phoenix Public turns out.
PPMC is right at the top of my Local Eats list and is a perfect spot for a lazy Saturday or Sunday morning.
SO... lets delve into it a bit deeper, shall we?
~The Good~ Besides featuring local produce, meats and others in their menu, they also feature local items in a small shop in the center of the store.
From the very beginning, the owners made it very clear this is a spot by Phoenicians, and for Phoenicians.
I take pride in having my own place that features the best of my home, and boy are the dishes delightful, to say the least.
The layout of this spot is trendy inside.
You can pick a table or even snag the bench seating in the far corner of the restaurant.
They have comparable seating along the bar area to sit and drink at.
You may not notice it, but there is ample room out back flush with bench seating and a blown out wall where the bar extends out further.
As for food, the breakfast is to die for.
I have tried numerous options, but the simplest item on the menu, Steel Cut Oats Risotto ($7.25) is my favorite.
There is more than enough oats for 3-4 sittings in this bowl, which filled me up in about 5 minutes.
My father opted for the Rooster Booster ($6.75) which he devoured along with a side of Crispy New Potatoes ($2.50).
For lunch, my personal favorite is The Rachel ($8.50).
This sandwich offers the eater a slice of roasted turkey, sauerkraut & coleslaw, all melted together on sourdough with Swiss cheese and dressed with a light and slightly sweet house dressing.
The sides they offer all the way to the right of their big board are plentiful, and I chose a huge heaping bowl of broccoli which was sautéed lightly in butter.
This added to my meal substantially and I was left finishing my dish...barely.
Every meal here is properly portioned, and you get your money's worth in quality and freshness.
Really quick, the Happy Hour for drinks is superb; cocktails are made fresh on the spot for $5 each and taste delicious.
The bartenders sling really good drinks here guys, you can come here anytime for food, but it's also a perfect treat for Happy Hour!
~The Bad~ I can't think of anything bad... the portions you get aren't huge.
We as a society are used to huge portions for small prices.
Issue is, you are probably not getting your money's worth at such restaurants.
Here you get what you paid for.
Lines can be long at certain times of the day, especially for breakfast.
So please plan your trip accordingly.
They also do not have any rum drinks on the menu, so for my fellow rum lovers, we are SOL when it comes to the bar.
It does give you a chance to try something different...but still that's disappointing.
~The Downlow~ Overall this is the quintessential 5 star spot.
They are trendy and hip, the location is stellar, the community involvement is top notch, their farmers market is a fun added touch, and most of all: their food is AMAZING!
All of those reasons add up to 5 stars, and a very happy Jefe.
I suggest this over most breakfast eateries in Phoenix.
Come an enjoy, you won't be dissapointed!

I always enjoy coming to the Market Cafe.
The staff is always really friendly and I love how they have happy hour every day from 3-close.
HH includes $5 pitchers of beer and $5 cocktails.
Last night was the first time I had dinner at the Cafe.
Normally when I come it is either for HH or for breakfast.
Well I had the Rachel sandwich that had coleslaw, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, house dressing, melted on sourdough.
WOW, that sandwich was amazing.
I'm glad I finally had dinner here.
I definitely be coming back to try something different.
Also my favorite cocktail drink is the Lee Trevino and my favorite breakfast item is The Rooster Booster.
If you have not been to the Phoenix Public Market Café you are totally missing out.
So, when you are in the downtown area and wanting something to eat or drink.
You should totally come here.

After much thought of where we'd brunch amidst the breakfast oasis of options that Phoenix has to offer, I decided upon Phoenix Public Market Café.
It was a lazy Sunday around 11:30am, I had time to kill and I was prepared to wait in line.
To my surprise, there were only two people in front of me!
Wait, what I am I supposed to order?
The menu had many salivating options and I was one of those people who just couldn't decide right away.
To add to my mental food frenzy, Phoenix is no longer my home and I only return every couple of years so I had to make a good choice.
Thankfully, my girlfriend, a regular at PPMC, came to my rescue and recommended the pork chile verde pot pie.
The pork chile verde pot pie was an excellent choice!
It was delicious and had the most flaky and buttery crust ever!
Pot pies are one of my many guilty food indulgences and this was definitely one of my favorites!
The portion size was generous and I did not finish, but maybe it is because I also ate a side of bacon, a lemon and pistachio macaron, and a yummy, large peanut butter cookie sandwich with my meal!
What can I say, I'm only in Phoenix every once in a while!
The service at PPMC is friendly and prompt and the ambiance is casual, inviting, and hip.
I love the market meets café idea.
The outdoor area had picnic style seating and fresh flowers adorned each table.
It was a cheerful atmosphere for a wonderful brunch in the beautiful Phoenix sun.
My next visit to Arizona, I will surely return to Phoenix Public Market Café and dine again!

Well, just left full and happy on an AZ Burger (beef burger with green chiles) and the pulled pork sandwich.
Both were good-sized and flavorful on a good-quality bun.
Delicious, cold seedless globe grapes as a garnish.
We also each had a pastry, and thought they were quite good.
A great spot for brunch or lunch.

This place has delicious food with a unique menu.
Great for breakfast, brunch or lunch.
Really nice, trendy atmosphere with a outdoor seating, heaters and a fire pit.
It also has the best latte I've ever had in Phoenix, and as an Australian, that's a big deal!

Every time I come to Phoenix, I feel as if I have found my go-to lunch spot but Phoenix Public Market Cafe has set the bar too high.
First off, awesome decor and interior design.
They allow their customers to choose how casual or proper they'd like to be with their picnic bench style, coffee table and bench or regular table arrangements.
A seating arrangement for every soul and mood.
I liked the barbed wire bathroom art too - very ranchero.
Food: lentil and cocunut milk soup was awesome if you want a vegetarian version of Thai Tom Kha soup.
Regardless of weather, soup always warms the soul.
I also ordered The Rachel and that was another great sandwich with their delicious rotisserie chicken.
Swiss cheese, red cabbage and that Russian sauce is always a great mix but then add some sourdough and I am sold.
As a bread snob, I loved the sourdough and its toasted perfection.
A++ for a great lunch under $10-15

Everyone is going to be talking about this place soon enough if they are not already.
I got the El Diablo Burger at one of the trucks.
One of the best burgers I've ever had - BUT... it was slightly undercooked for my liking.
Visit now before you have to fight the lines.

Very cool place!
Fresh ingredients and awesome bread really makes their sandwiches delicious.
I decided to go with the Rachael and I was not disappointed, I can't wait to go back!

If you want to get the squirts, order their frittata (which sucked BTW - bland, very little pesto sauce, veggies, hidden by a mound of bitter greens.
I couldn't tell if I was eating a salad on an omelette or the other way around).
The cafe latte was good, but small for a 'regular' sized coffee.
I was hoping to have a filling breakfast, butt, in the next several hours, everything came back out...

Do they not do counter service anymore?
My wife and I come here 2-3 times a week for breakfast/lunch.
We always sit at the counter and get service from the bartender.
Today we say at the counter for a good 5 minutes while the two girls behind the bar refused to even make eye contact with us.
The restaurant was slow, so I can't believe they were just too busy to acknowledge us.
I finally got up and ordered our breakfasts from the main counter.
If the counter service aspect of the place has been removed, maybe give us a heads up?
Or, if your counter staff just can't handle 4 people at the bar at once, maybe it's time for a staffing adjustment.

I'm so disappointed in this place I had to write this review right away.
I came here this evening for happy hour.
I saw they had woodchuck on draft for $5 a pitcher and I just had to check it out!
I came with my friend and it took us 17 minutes to be seated!
Not too horrible if it was busy, however it wasn't busy.
The problem was that there was a sign that says wait to be seated, then the bartender said it was all open seating, then after sitting at the tall table next to the bar we were told by the host it wasn't open for seating THEN he clocked out and never actually seated us so as soon as 2 stools opened at the bar we just sat there since no one came back for us.
Seating issue figured out.
Yay!
On to chips and salsa... We ordered chips and salsa which took 29 minutes to come out.
I felt like we were being punked or something.
Even the nice ladies next to us mentioned to the bartender that we were still awaiting our chips.
Btw the salsa and guac was mediocre at best.
After all of this we weren't even interested in ordering an entree.
I had my eye on the pot pie but they were out of it anyway.
To sum it all up, if you are going to sit at the bar and are only interested in the happy hour specials, great!
If you want good service, go elsewhere.

I went in for breakfast this morning and ordered poached eggs- over hard (yolk cooked through).
We waited for a LONG time and when the food came the eggs were very runny.
I pointed this out and was offered hard boiled eggs, as apparently they were unwilling to bring me eggs the way I ordered them.
What I got was HORRIBLE!
I was given 2 freezing cold hard boiled eggs that had obviously been sitting in their refrigerator for some time.
This is unacceptable.
I was clearly not happy but was dismissed.
I would never go back to this place - EVER!

Seriously OBSESSED with this place!
So glad I ventured over to this gem instead of the typical restaurants on campus.
I looove the ambiance.
Food takes slightly longer to come out but being fresh and local I think it is worth it.
The carrot ginger soup is amazing.
They have great macaroons, grilled cheese, fresh cut fries, it's all wonderful!

We came downtown for Food Truck Friday today to try and grab some lunch.
Unfortunately, when we got there, a lack of cash (poor planning), indecision, long lines and extreme hunger lead us to head to PPM where we could pay with a card and get served more quickly.
Now I wish I wouldn't have been so hangry (hungry +angry) and had waited for a Short Leash hotdog.
We walked a few yards to PPM and I stepped up and asked for a chino salad.
The dude taking our order said they were in the case behind me.
I thought it was weird that they would sell you already made salads when there were fresh sandwiches coming from the kitchen but I had never been so I assumed this was just the way they operated.
We sat out on the patio which I'll admit was nice and shaded.
Phoenix is amazing in March and the weather was perfect.
I opened up the salad and notice there is a huge pile of red bell pepper in the middle which wasn't listed as an ingredient on the menu.
Not a big deal, really, but I happen to dislike bell pepper quite a bit.
I just pulled them out and that was that.
Again, not a deal breaker, but a little annoying.
On the other hand, cashews (which WERE listed on the menu) were practically nonexistent.
I think I found 3 pieces?
Cashew are likely the most expensive item to purchase in the salad and thus, drive up the price of the salad overall.
Very annoying.
On the whole, this salad was plain, boring and could be made a thousand times better at home.
To add insult to injury, TWO people eating next to us order the same salad, but it was brought to them fresh, in a bowl, and one woman even had spinach added to her salad, which I didn't even know was an option.
I can't speak to the number of ingredients in their food or the taste, but it was definitely fresh made and from the kitchen, not kept in a fridge and made ahead of time.
Now, I realized that part of the issue was my ignorance to the way this place works so I didn't complain to anyone.
I don't think I was treated poorly intentionally, but even if my salad HAD been given to me from the kitchen, I would have remained disappointed with the quality being what is was.
I feel doubtful about going back which sucks because I really wanted to like this place and my food :(

I stopped by this place with some friends and had a coffee at the bar (it was lunch and a work day or yes, a beer would have been ordered) and was just impressed with the set-up and the quality of the operations.
Yes, as some have noted, it does seem like it can be a bit busy but the food looked great and I look forward to coming back for say dinner, one evening, and getting a better feel for the quality of the service and the food.
I do like that the beers on tap were all micro-brews (begone though foul progeny of InBev!
), and included beers from several local breweries and at least one beer, when I was there, from the Lost Abbey.
I also noticed that in the liquor selection was bottle of copper city bourbon from Arizona Distilling company, which is made about two blocks from my house in Tempe, and the coffee being served was from Cartel, a local coffee chain and roaster.
In short, when you come and buy food and drinks here, you are not only supporting a local restaurant but also a number of other local creators of quality food and drink.
So far I'm a fan and look forward to seeing if a return visit will bring me into the five star category.

Great food and experience.
Fresh ingredients from local sources.
I recommend eating out on the patio

we were visiting phoenix and stayed downtown and went to yelp to help find somewhere for breakfast.
The best reviews were for Matt's big breakfast but the wait looked ridiculous so we went back to this place.
It was good food, reasonably priced and very quick service.
Will definitely eat there again on next weekend trip to phoenix.

The menu looks small but there are so many possible combinations you can come up with.
The baked goods are always stellar so save room for a treat.
Breakfast is served until 3pm and Happy Hour is 3pm to close.
For Breakfast I like the Rooster Booster or the Flanched Flarney Garney just depends on my mood.
For lunch or dinner it's the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich, their delicous fries and Farmer's Cup always make me happy.
I always intend to Eat The Rainbow however the intoxicating smell of slow roasting meat always changes my mind.
This is a go to spot for fresh and local food; and you can't really go wrong with anything you choose.

Super yummy!!!!!
I had the breakfast burrito.
It was so good the tortilla was homemade and almost like a puff pastry consistency.
If I lived in phx this would be a regular stop for me.

Ordered wood fired rotisserie chicken.
It was gold, tasteless and smeared with BBQ sauce - sent it back!

What a spectacularly neat place.
I first visited with a long, leisurely lunch right when they opened.
Very recently I stopped in during the hustle bustle of a busy Saturday night.
This place is popular with good reason!
It's fun!
Right, and the killer HH has absolutely nothing to do with it.
[whistling, whistling, whistling.
] 3pm to Close.
E v e r y d a y.
Do you like beer?
Five bucks will buy you a pitcher.
[Give me a moment before I continue.
] Pints are four bucks.
Cocktails are five.
And wine, [oh geez], house wine is five bucks.
The layout of the space is mixed, with bar top seating, couches, tables and outdoor space.
If you'd like to sit at a table, be sure you walk to the *back* of the restaurant (where the pastries are) to see the hostess.
We totally goofed and misunderstood this crucial tidbit of information.
Serena, our bomb-diggity-server, came to the rescue by buying a pitcher and (!
) some cookies!
(We had been reseated, met a number of different servers and misplaced on the line queue.
Totally our fault for misunderstanding which counter the sign up front referred to.
We walked towards the bar, and a hostess seated us at a reserved table.
)  None of that matters.
We had an awesome time!
Cookies!
Beer!
And really good burgers.
The AZ Burger with Green Chile was delivered as requested with pinkness.
Can't wait to go back!
The only issue will be is the wait time.
I can't imagine wanting to leave.
Meh :)  Oh!
Also, this place is kid friendly, with plenty of toys available for the tykes to make friends with.
Oh!
Oh!
Plenty of parking is available.
Over and out.

Really debated giving this four stars, but I'll stick with three.
Had lunch here with my parents before they headed off to Oregon, and I suggested this place because I had always wanted to try it and it is close to my office.
Got the Rachel sandwich which was very good.
I got a side of broccoli as well.
This is going to sound super weird, but the broccoli was reallyyyy good!
No idea what they put on it, but it tasted like lemon and butter with a tad bit of salt maybe.
It was perfectly cooked too.
My parents seemed like they enjoyed their food.
Everything was very healthy but still tasty.
This is one of those places that seems consistently good, and an all around go-to lunch spot if you're in the area.
Would I go out of my way to go here (I live in Tempe)?
No necessarily.
Though I do want to try their breakfast one weekend morning!
My main complaint and reason for three stars was their espresso.
I ordered a shot, and it had to be the worst shot of espresso I have ever had.
Very Very bitter (and not in the good way that espresso is supposed to be).
Though I did just return from Europe several months ago, so many my standards are still too high?
Anyway, I'd steer clear of their coffee.
Normally I don't think something like this would be a big deal, but I love coffee with every ounce in me.
And a bad espresso is no bueno in my book.

I've been looking forward to trying this place for a long time, sadly disappointed.
The food itself is ok, but the portions are very small.
I had the Devils Mess which is billed as eggs, farm veggies, schreiners chorizo and chiles.
What I received was a couple of scrambled eggs a piece of spinach and a couple strips of chile with a slice of cold half buttered stale bread.
No fruit, potatoes or sides came with it.
I brought four college kids and all ended up going back for pastries to fill up.

I love this place!
It's great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and has a good vibe.
Sure, it might be a bit $$ for some sandwiches, but I don't mind because I know they keep it local, in season, and I've had nothing but good service here.
There is indoor and outdoor seating (with misters outside so get it in before the temps hit 100's) with a mix of long family style benches, regular seating, and bar seating.
There are a few items for sale here, including some local olive oils and knick knacks, nothing like the old Public Market used to be, but I think that's why this place is far more successful than before.
My favorites include the Del Real sandwich, the lentil curry coconut soup (a mouthful to say, but damn tasty), and the Mediterranean Salad.
It's a solid spots for your crazy vegan, gluten, dairy free friend.
Also, always ask about the special of the day.
I've had some amazing sandwiches from some crazy pork belly to mozzarella flat breads.
The pork chile verde pot pie is also tasty, but can sell out quick some days.
Happy hour starts at 3PM every day and doesn't end until the places closes.
That my friends, is how every happy hour should be!
$5 house wines, $5 pitchers of select beers on tap (seasonal rotation) and $3 well drinks.
I believe there are also some $5 cocktails as well.
Basically, come after a long crappy day, get buzzed, eat solid food and enjoy yourself.
Expect a crowd a lunch, there aren't many non-shit places downtown to grab a bite to eat, so they office drones come out in herds.
Food truck Friday's are awesome, yes it can get hot as hell in the summer, but it's Arizona, go get a popsicle from a vendor and sit under the tent/run back to your airconditioned car.
Wednesday nights and Saturday mornings host farmers market which is great.
Ask for Leigh as your waiter, he's hysterical, gives great recommendations for booze and has some stories about the Galapagos.

Good coffee good music but pretty busy so service was a little slow.
If you have the time to just hang out, this is a cool space.
Free covered parking and a free cookie if you check in with yelp!

Lazy staff.
Barista complained to me once that she had to walk around the bar to bring me a drink.
Seriously?
There's 8 customers in the place, they were super slow on a weekday morning and she's bitching that she had to walk around the bar to do her job?
Quality of this place is going down.
Fast.

Fun lunch on the way home from Phoenix Sky Harbor.
Great place for a really good sandwich and craft beer.
Loved the decor and feel of the place.
The ambience made me feel like i was back in Seattle -- without the rain, grey skies and a restaurant full of black fleece jackets.
I'm not a huge fan of ordering at a counter ... my only complaint.

Good coffee, great atmosphere, in a wonderful location downtown.
The breakfast dishes they create are some of the best in the city.
I know this place has desires to bring people together and create community, and I believe they are doing this.
You have to try The Devil's Mess.

I went with a few co-workers for happy hour last week.
This was my second time at the Cafe and I was excited to check out the happy hour specials.
We arrived around 5:00pm and were seated outside promptly.
However, it took almost 20 minutes for a waiter to come to our table, and this was after waiving our hands several times trying to get a waiter's attention.
The happy hour specials are pretty good - $5 drafts, cocktails, and wine.
I stuck with Orange Blossom to go with my pulled pork sandwich.
The sandwich was good, although a bit small for the hefty price (almost $10 with no sides).
During our three hours at the Cafe, we constantly had to flag down our waiter when we needed drink refills.
I love the food, drink selection, and atmosphere of the Cafe.
Its location is perfect.
But the service leaves much to be desired, and the food menu could use a few more options.
But overall, this is one of my favorite hangout spots in downtown Phoenix.

Went here for brunch with a friend.
Immediately upon walking in I loved the atmosphere.
Very few choices on the breakfast menu but the food was good.
The coffee was great and they probably have the best bagels I've ever had!!!
Oh and make sure you try a corn cookie!

Perk: Discount for ASU students who show their ID.
Perk 2: Free sparkling water + lemon = delicious.
Fav eats: Breakfast burrito (not the largest, but definitely the cheapest breakfast option), oatmeal risotto (so!
good!
), seasonal pumpkin soup (autumn) or Roosevelt Row bagel (lunchy-breakfast.
) The coconut curry soup is also really good, and my dad really loves the green chile pot pie.
The atmosphere is pretty sweet.
Large tables are great for groups of people or large amounts of homework, small tables for small groups, and a nice outdoor patio with heaters and a fireplace in the winter.
The bar brews Cartel coffee if you only feel like studying with a cup of coffee, but you will probably get weird stares from servers if you're doing homework there past 6 pm.
The only funky thing is that at 6 pm it goes from a walk-up ordering system to a sit-down ordering system.
So if you plan on loitering to drink coffee/munch on things/do homework, plan on leaving before 6.

Well, I used to love this place until they put on the insane high speed AIR TURBINES on the patio and bar and make claims they can't go off.
WTF!?
It's unbearable.

I've been here probably 40 times in the past year.
I've never loved the dinner food; but breakfast is great and happy hour is fantastic!
The long tables are also good for meetings.
However, tonight was the end.
I sat at a table of six and those of us who arrived late were never served.
Eventually, I got a drink at the bar....
But then left.
I'm typing this review from where I went to eat instead.
Refusing to acknowledge patrons is inexcusable.

I liked the atmosphere but the noise level was not good at all.
The food was not that good either and it took 1 3/4 hours from the time we were seated until we paid our bill.
The service is really bad.
It took 20 minutes to get a glass of water.
Our waiter kept forgetting that we were even there.
He would walk by with water but it was evidently for another table that arrived after us.
We did not receive our food for an hour.
Not a place I will go back to.
They may have good happy hour prices on drinks but its not for me.
They need a new kitchen staff and at least one new waiter.
I ordered the pot pie that was very crisp and even burnt on one side.
I don't see why all the good reviews unless people like spending their time in this place without getting much service.
The only thing good was the atmosphere (other than the noise level) and the hostess.

It's pretty good.
The food is fresh and has the impression that it's healthier for you.
I've been there a handful of times- the pastries are a must.
The pop tart is so good.
Can't go wrong with puff pastry.
I've had The Rachel, the turkey sandwich.
It's good but nothing I would probably have a second time for the price it's at.
I'm a poor college student and the food at the Phoenix Public Market Cafe is a little pricey for what you're getting, but that's because I love happy hour and that's when I eat majority of my meals- when good food is a little cheaper.

4.5 stars........... what a cozy and friendly joint this is.
It has been on my list for months now and yesterday was the perfect opportunity.
I had 1/2 of their breakfast sandwich and 1/2 of their green chile burger, along with my free Nutter Butter for dessert (I love it when business give us a little something for checking in with yelp).
The breakfast sandwich (Flanched Flarney Garney) was just delicious.
The avocado specifically was spot on and totally made the sandwich.
The AZ burger was well cooked, but completely under-seasoned and bland.
I hoped the chiles would help, but they just weren't enough.
I had a pitcher (don't let the name fool you, this is basically two pints worth) of Orange Blossom beer and one of the Farmer's Cup cocktails - both were delicious.
To top it all off, their homemade Nutter Butter cookie was just outstanding.
The light and fluffy peanut crème in the middle was melt in your mouth-tastic.
I will have to come back during the open air market, I really like the vibe and atmosphere here - totally coming back!

Place is great to look at and part of a creative revival of several older downtown Phoenix buildings turned eateries/bars.
Crowd was a mixed type but leaned towards upwardly mobile hipsters?
Some decent craft beers on tap, some wine offered as well.
Really great cocktails.
Menu is fairly vast and diverse, I settled on the pretzels (delish with creamy cheese sauce) and the fried chicken (not so great).
Servers and helpers were beyond friendly yet completely disorganized this night, but I was in a good mood and opted not to make their lives miserable.
Plus they acknowledged every error and forgetful act and we received a majority of the meal for nothing.
Big props for that.
Overall I'll be back.
Love the environment and cool folks, but the jury is still out on the food overall for me.

I've been here multiple times and I have never been anything but impressed with service and staff.
I've tried so many of their entrees and they all have been great.
A few of my favorites are the Rice Bowl and Phoenix Burger.
I have friends who visit and the first thing we do is go get them a burger.

I know, I know, I know... another update.
I needed to update my review to update their new happy hour rules...
I went here a week ago, same old happy hour, then went again Sat night.... it has now changed.
The only cocktails that are 5$ for happy hour are the lee travino and the sangria.... booo.
I would prefer they limit the time of happy hour and include all of the signature drinks (read: their sister restaurant St Francis' model).
I can't see spending 8$ a pop for my fave drink here (the farmer's cup) since it is small, not very boozy, and very inconsistent from bartender to bartender.
I was willing to risk that it wouldn't be such a good one depending on who was working for the 5$, but not for 8.
Additionally, the beers available on happy hour are limited to two as well.
This doesn't make sense to me... is there really that big a difference from beer to beer in cost?
This WAS my go to place in downtown Phoenix.... probably won't be anymore.
If I were this cafe, I'd revamp the happy hour so it follows suit with their sister restaurant.
PS the strawberry poptart and cheesy pretzels are still good.

One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix.
Every time I come here with my fiancé the food is fantastic.
This time around we split a BBQ sandwich and the burger.
The burger was incredibly delicious with a great kick of heat from the peppers on top.
The BBQ was delicious and very well balanced.
We also split an order of the fries that were out of bounds.
This is a great place to go for a date, take friends from out of town, or get a meal where the chef clearly cares about what they serve.
If you are in Phoenix and haven't tried this place yet do yourself a favor and check it out.
We can't wait to get back and try more things on the menu, because all the baked goods look amazing.
5 stars well earned!

Stopped in yesterday for a quick breakfast bite at the recommendation of a friend.
The place was crazy busy.
There were people everywhere.
Lots of movement.
The service was expedient.
The breakfast burrito wonderful.
The orange juice, meh.
I will definitely return..

Pork chile verde pot pie and baked sweet potato (served with chile lime butter)...5 Stars  The Chino salad (cabbage, cashews, chicken, rice noodles, ginger soy vinaigrette)...4 Stars (Yummy but vinaigrette could have been a skosh-bit sweeter)  Check-in on the handy-dandy YELP app and get rewarded with a yummy macaron cookie??
6 Stars....(so it balances to 5).
We got a lavender (color, not flavor) macaron.
It was exquisitely tasty.
We arrived here after walking around downtown, catching a movie and a 10 minute debate over where to have dinner, since one of us was famished and the other...peckish.
Off in the near distance we see a bright red sign beckoning us to come hither...the sign read (NO!
not literally, that would be impressive, but we will probably never fully know or comprehend the literacy of the sign) "CAFE".
Alas, this is no mere cafe.
This is a place where delicious things happen.

This place is so cute!
I dig that their menu is unique and they own it!
It was just full of things that I would not think to combine, yet they taste and worked well together.
I tried the Chick Pea Pancakes: chick pea, olive oil pancakes topped with bananas and pecans served w/agave syrup (very very sweet but tasty!
) The pancakes definitely needed the agave syrup as they would have been dry without it but the flavor of the total pancake package was delicious!
Cookie with Yelp check-in was awesome, I got the nutter-butter type cookie (i am not sure if that was the actual name.
) It was a recommendation, I typically don't go for peanut butter type cookies but this one is a winner!
I also tasted the "Devil's Mess" which was eggs, spinach, chorizo, chiles and onions...for those of us that are pansies when it comes to spice you may want to stay away from this item, it was pretty spicy per my taste buds.
Cool market cafe scene, interesting people watching and great food.
I like this place, and am definitely a fan!

The Porchetta sandwich is delicious!
Try the green chile burger and make sure to save room for dessert!
The staff is fun and friendly.
Get there early if you want to try the Porchetta on Fridays or Saturdays!

Super chill with warm, friendly staff.
I had a great discussion about the difference between a macaron and macaroon with the bartendress, who apparently had just competed in a local bartending competition.
Great aesthetic with an indoor and outdoor seating area.
You can sidle up to the bar from outside as well.
A nice selection of beers and wines with a full bar, plus espresso.
I had a sandwich that was quite good.
It was a Rachel (Reuben with turkey instead of pastrami or corned beef).
The bread was super thick, so it was a mouthful and a half.
I was more than satisfied with the portion.
I also had a cookie because you got a free one with a Yelp checkin, not the macaron.
It was delicious.
I would go back here on a nice day fo'sho.

Awesome location and incredible, attentive staff.
Had the rotisserie chicken and the wife had the Caesar salad.
Both were delicious and we will definitely return for future lunch meals.

The green chili burger was insanely good.
Also, happy hour specials are decent and take place for a good amount of time.
The rice bowl is a little strange because the veggies come out raw.
It's delicious, but I would have preferred to know about the raw veg beforehand (it should be in the menu).
Service was really great here.

My fiance and I really didn't enjoy our food too much, but the service here blew us away.
The guy who took our order literally told me not to order The Rachel.
I thought it sounded good.
I should have listened to him.
My fiance had a small issue with her Rice Bowl order, and when she told someone, they immediately brought out an extra side, and gave us a $5 coupon to return.
I honestly would have given this place a 3, but their service is outstanding.
They also have a nice patio and I'm sure most of their food and drinks are good.

20% student discount for any student.
THE RACHEL ($8.95) - rotisserie turkey, coleslaw, sauerkraut, swiss cheese, house dressing, melted on sourdough  - all flavors blended well together that each bite was enjoyable - turkey wasn't too dry - quite small for the price, nonetheless would recommend!
CORN COOKIE ($1.25) - FREE cookie with Yelp check-in - weird taste; too gritty and not much flavor - would not say I'm a fan  ENVIRONMENT: hipster feel.
embraces community eating and definitely does have a market appeal.
There is a coffee bar to one side of the place.
The patio is perfect for those cool summer nights or when it's happy hour.
Great place to catch up with people.
SERVICE: staff members were friendly.
Food for take-out was prepared quickly.
Had no issues with applying the student discount and Yelp check-in on one transaction.
Great place to grab a sandwich or come to after work.
The environment is very chill and open to making new friends.
The food is solid, and there is a great variety that something is there for everyone.
I would come back and recommend it to anyone looking for a casual quality sit-down cafe...with booze.

Went here for lunch while passing through Phoenix during vacation and loved it!
I ordered the AB&J and carrot soup while my girlfriend ordered the chicken quesadilla happy hour special.
Both were great.
My almond butter and jelly sandwich was excellent and much better than the simple name suggests while the soup was rustic and tangy and a perfect compliment.
The chicken quesadilla was solid and great with the craft brews they have.
The bar had tasty cocktails as well with my girlfriend trying the gin and watermelon special.
Overall a great lunch spot and would highly recommend.

The server forgot to bring something I asked for and never bothered to acknowledge us after we got our food.
We spent about $30 and still left hungry.
DO NOT GO HERE AND EXPECT TO LEAVE FULL .
I did not feel I got my money's worth.
It was my first and last time there.
My servers name was Michael with the pink nails

Nice, hipster, downtown ambiance :) I had a burger and beer at the bar and I would definitely come back for that!

The good:  Nice atmosphere, delicious food, fresh ingredients and lovely dessert.
The bad: slow service and our waiter was a bit absent-minded, but nice enough.

Upon walking in, I really wanted to like this place.
It's got that local hipster vibe that is cool without bordering on pretentious.
But I must admit, it didn't really do anything for me.
One of the main reasons we decided to go there was because my husband wanted the pot pie... and they were out.
:(    I got the Del Real sandwich and it was tasty enough, but nothing special.
I got a free cookie for checking in on Yelp which was cool but my "homemade" Oreo was on the odd side.
Given the foodie landscape that is quickly developing in Phoenix, I probably won't come back here as there are so many places I love and so many places I have yet to experience.

Good urban food ( pulled pork is really good and so is the az burger), good atmosphere

My husband and I stopped in here for a late afternoon lunch on Sunday, and really enjoyed ourselves.
My soup and salad were fresh and excellent - exactly what I needed after eating bar fare the previous night!
And my husband's sandwich and fries were delicious as well.
Everything just seemed so light and fresh - I can't wait to go back.

I'm in love, seriously.
I had the best breakfast in years.
It was really simple, just eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast but all the ingredients were fresh and it really hit the spot.
My partner ordered the frittata, which was also excellent.
It was too hot to sit outside.
I can't wait until the weather cools down so that we can sit on the patio.
I think we may even be able to bring our dog on the patio...I am so happy that more good restaurants are opening in Central Phoenix.
Living down here gets better and better.

Adorable and delicious!
Fresh juice to the full bar and great happy hour..
Cute and delicious baked goods and yummy fresh ingredients!

I've been coming to this ever since they reopened into the Cafe it is today.
It is an awesome place to hang out with great food and people.
I love the cafe and bar especially.
The Espresso is good and that Nitro beer is great!
: - )

My husband and I stopped in last night for a quick bite before a movie.
We had about an hour before the movie started.
Upon walking in I had a good feeling -- the atmosphere was good, music good.
I'd been before for breakfast and didn't have a bad time.
We sat and waited for our server for what felt like a long time.
When she finally arrived, we ordered drinks and sandwiches.
She up-sold us on sharing an order of fries.
We had told our server upon ordering that we were trying to make a movie.
Drinks took too long to arrive and that was about the last time we saw our server.
Someone else brought out our sandwiches and it seemed to take too long for two simple sandwiches.
Our fries didn't arrive with sandwiches.
We were halfway through those sandwiches before the fries arrived--they clearly forgot them and gave us fries from another table, causing them to have to wait as well.
Original server still never returned and never asked us if we wanted another drink.
After eating, server finally returned and we reminded her about the movie and requested the check.
Took a bit, but she dropped it off and never returned.
We finally went to the counter in the front and asked to pay.
We were told only our server could close us out and the girl at the counter had to find our server.
More waiting.
Finally server appeared, said she hoped she didn't make us miss our movie (so she remembered we were trying to get a movie), but never really apologized for basically going MIA.
Food was great.
Atmosphere was great.
Location is great.
Service is seriously lacking in both attention and basic professionalism.
The problems with service negatively impacted our experience and I'd think twice before stopping here again because of that.
We don't need to spend money to be ignored--there are lots of places who have their service down.
I really want to like this place and I'll probably give it another shot at some point, but I think the Phoenix Public Market Cafe needs to realize it's not enough to be hip and cool, if you treat the customers like an afterthought no one will want to come back.
We made it to the movie, but just barely in time.

I enjoyed the food truck Wednesday and visiting the merchant booths with the band in the background.
Afterwards we popped inside to have a few drinks.
Their desserts are very scrumptious as well.

I had the Arizona Burger, which is a delicious, juicy green chile burger on a brioche bun.
It came with a crunchy pickle spear and a slice of watermelon.
I also tried some of their sparkling pomegranate juice  (yum).
The service was friendly and fast.
The atmosphere is open and very relaxing.

No ESPN despite the DirectTV dish.
No World Cup.
Told owner.
Hoping they add ESPN.
Great food and drink though.
Lovely patio.

I was downtown for a few meetings and thought I would grab a quick bit in between meetings.
My first stop was closed on Mondays so I thought I would try something new.
Walking in it was a very relaxed atmosphere, you walk up to the counter to order.
I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, and a white chocolate macaroon.
The sandwich was AMAZING!
I enjoyed every bit and even got a little dad as I got to the last bit.
It was really creamy, with mustard in the mix, which I personally love.
The mix of textures was pleasant.
When I ordered the amazing young man, (I didn't catch his name) told me to give my macaroon a minute to adjust to room temperature for a better crack and flavor, I am so glad I listened!
I am absolutely pleased with my experience and would recommend it to anyone.
The fact that I paid up front to start made getting in and out in time for my meeting extremely easy!
I will absolutely come back.

Very slow service and meh food.
Not a good first impression.
Definitely will not be coming back.

If I could this place no stars, I would.
I've been there only once before and it was good, service and food were good.
This time, we had a long day at work and wanted to relax and try something different.
Should have went with my gut as gone to Turf, where I'm writing this review from.
The bartender was friendly enough when we sat down, but that was the end of that.
We put on our order and wait.
Waited.
Then waited some more.
All the while, Our waitress/the bartender couldn't care less that we had gone about 15 minutes without our water glasses being filled up.
Wasn't until we asked her for more that we got it.
But even after we got our refills, still no food for another 10 minutes.
How long does is take to make a salad an a burger?
Even in a locally-grown ingredient establishment.
When I finally got my salad, I took a few bites and was extremely disappointed.
The mix of tastes left me with the thought of turpentine.
I know cabbage is bitter, but holy cow.
I've never tastes cabbage like that.
Or maybe it was the ginger.
Whatever it was, it was horrible.
I barely took a few bites until I couldn't do it more.
The Chino salad was the wrong choice.
I pretty much had it with the place by then.
I didn't say anything because I was over it at that point and just wanted to get the hell out of there.
We didn't even pay with her.
Got a 20% discount as an ASU student though.
Just about the only good thing about this ordeal.
Sucks since I like buying local.
Oh well.
Never again.

Ambiance: hip and modern with a lot of wood accents.
Most of the tables are communal with benches but a solo diner can eat at their large bar that looks out to the patio.
Food: solo lunch today around 11 on a Tuesday.
Their beans and rice was very tasty.
Brown rice and black beans in sort of a Cuban style in decent sized bowl.
They add avocado, and salsa, and a bit of cilantro.
I asked them to hold the feta.
Portion was an ideal size-- not too big.
Lime slice was a good addition.
That and a drink was about $11.
Rating: I'm not giving them a five because this was a quick lunch but I would definitely come back and tell my friends so I can try more dishes.
Friendly staff, good food, decent prices.

I've been here twice, once for happy hour with my husband and loved their selection of drinks.
Today I came for lunch with a 3 year old, I had the Roosevelt Row Bagel which was so simple and delicious with the homemade hummus and smashed avocado, just the right amount of sprouts, very thinly sliced onion and tomatoes?
red peppers?
It was delicious and came with a slice of watermelon and a pickle.
The (very adventurous) 3 year old had the curried coconut lentil soup and while he was more interested in the free corn cookie we got for checking in on Yelp (also delicious) he actually seemed to like it quite a bit.
I snagged a bite and it was pretty good!
The coconut and the curry balanced eachother well, nothing was too overwhelming.
The only downside was the lack of indoor seating.
Luckily the patio was shady and had misters.
I will definitely be back to try some more of the menu!

I've never been to this place and had good service.
During the day, you order at the counter and seat yourself, which I don't mind.
But I always have to wait WAY too long, and often don't get what I happened to order (this happened today, when I ordered a large latte, got a regular, which is tiny BTW, and when I asked about it I was made to feel like I had made the mistake, instead of someone just offering to fix it).
During the evening, you are waited on, but both times I've been here for dinner, it has been nearly impossible to get food, drink, and bill in a timely manner.
My other gripe is that the food is overpriced.
I like some of the food (the pretzel appetizer is awesome), but most of it is smaller than you'd expect (e.g., the asian chicken salad) and definitely more than you'd like to pay for it.
It's too bad, because it's near my house and I love the concept and decor.
Alas, for coffee I love Lola and Giant about 1,000 times more, and there is obviously better food nearby.

