So great to have neighborhood people with a great BBQ joint.
The food was awesome, the brisket sooo tender and tasty, love the baked beans and the homemade chocolate cookies to top it off!
Highly recommend it if your looking for homemade BBQ with love!

Way.
This BBQ is absolutely perfect.
Not cloyingly sweet or fakey-smoked, this is the real deal for great, cared-for barbeque.
Picked up the "Whole Lotta Love" with pork, chicken, BBQ beans and green chile mac 'n cheese for dinner on my way home from work tonight - my husband, always judiciously guarded in his praise, said, "I don't know how they could have done it any better than this!".
(For context, I'm a little jealous.
)   And a local restaurant that home-cooks with organic and locally-grown ingredients?
My advocacy and taste buds are blissed-out.

Just finished a delicious meal of pulled pork, brisket and ribs.
The meat was incredible and everything smelled so good.
I wanted to pull my car over and eat it all.
I would definitely come here again.

I'm a fan of supporting local businesses so I've been eyeing this place since it opened.
We decided to try it tonight for dinner & we were not disappointed.
The ambiance is a bit lacking but the food & friendly service more than compensate for that!
We ordered 2 of the "sampler" meals: one had all the different meats & came with cornbread.
We added a side of coleslaw.
All of the meats were super tender & juicy, not too saucy.
The coleslaw is made mayo free & is not your typical slaw.
I wasn't a fan but my boyfriend loved it!
It has kale, broccoli, cabbage, etc.
The owner brought us samples of most of the sides to let us try before choosing.
The southwest creamed corn was one of my favs but I opted for the bbq beans & macaroni with my meal.
My platter was 2 ribs, 2 meats, 2 sides.
Both came with cornbread (with a twist).
It looks like the bread is baked into a loaf then sliced & grilled - so tasty!
My son ordered the rib kids meal with fries.
All kids meals are served with an organic all natural juice pouch.
The prices are in line with your typical bbq joint but I'm most impressed that the food is homemade.
We had a chance to chat with the owner & he shared a bit of his vision with us.
He said he's trying to create something unique in the area to break up the monotony of burgers, Mexican, and pizza available while keeping in mind food allergies that have become more & more common.
The rubs/spices are MSG free & the sauce is made with brown sugar, no corn syrup or colorings.
Overall we really enjoyed this place & will definitely be back!
You won't be disappointed.

Not only really good BBQ, but a FULL menu of AWESOME BBQ / western FOOD!!
By 'food' i mean actual food, not all the chemical filled BS you get served everywhere else in this state.
I talked to the owner for a few & he's a good guy.
He is committed to serving natural & organic food that not only tastes AMAZING, but is actually good for your body as well.
He picked this location not because it would be good for his pockets, but because the neighborhood he grew up in needs a healthy alternative.
Healthy BBQ?
YEP, and it's GLORIOUS!
I had the spicy pulled pork sandwich combo.
The pork was amazing, the bun was perfect for that type of sandwich, & the fries were amazing too.
VERY well seasoned.
I also tired their lemonade.
...came out of the kitchen in a pitcher & tasted like my grandma made it.
SO good!
Service was very good too.
I read the reviews mentioning a lack of ambiance, and to be honest, it was a little plain inside.
BUT, it was very clean & after trying their FOOD, I'm happy they put most of the effort in to their food.
The tables are solid, the seating is not cramped, & there's plenty of room for large groups.
For a start-up restaurant, he did it right.
Go try their food, you'll be back again & again.

Very good, I had the sampler sliders with cole slaw.
Meat was tender and had a little kick to it.
I will be going again.

We drive by this place a couple of times per week and decided to stop by after reading the positive reviews on Yelp.
The owners of the restaurant are very nice people and told us their story.
The food is cooked fresh daily and they buy fresh, local ingredients.
We ordered the Pulled Chicken, Rib Tips, Cole Slaw, BBQ Beans, and Mac & Cheese to have dinner at home.
They allowed us to sample the BBQ Beans and Mac & Cheese.
WOW!
I must say, my wife, my daughter, and myself were pleasantly surprised by the taste!
They were awesome!
We arrived home and tasted the Pulled Chicken, Rib Tips, Cole Slaw and Corn Bread.
The seasoning and taste were really good.
This is some of the best BBQ we've had in a long time.
They gave us their special spread for the Corn Bread and it was very good.
We'll be eating here a couple of times per week!

Had the chance to stop here for lunch today.
The owner is very cool and showed me the goods cooking in the kitchen.
I felt like Guy from the food network!
Everything was fresh and the beef brisket sandwich was delicious!
Highly recommended!

Owner is a great guy.
I had the pulled pork sandwich it was okay but the bbq sauce seemed a bit to spicy.
I will go back and try something else.

Darn good potato salad.
Best potato salad ever!
Onion rings were awesome too.
Downside is that they were out of a lot things when we went in, like beans and chicken.
We had the pork which was good, The ribs were a little fatty though.
Barbecue sauce was good.
It's all a little on the spicy side so if you don't mind spicy barbecue.
Additionally,  they need a window cleaner and a couple big photos to detract from the paint color.
But I think this place has a great potential if they can keep it stocked so the customers are happy.

Loved: The interesting Cole Slaw and the potato saled.
Cool ingredients and a lighter dressing.
Liked:  The owner's attitude and the pride he clearly has in his food.
You can tell he is living out his dream.
The BBQ chicken and the Pulled Pork are in this category as well.
Room for Improvement:  They should add a third sauce that is less spicy than their regular sauce.
Good flavor just too hot to get a good amount on the meat to enjoy.
Also, it would be nice to see some meat options that arent shredded like sliced pork and brisket, or maybe a half chicken.
A cold beer would be nice too, so a liquor license would help.
Or maybe they could encourage brown bagging?

Food and service were both fantastic!
Hubby and I will be back.
Love that it's so close and don't have to drive all the way to Gilbert for great BBQ!
Had the pull pork, brisket, creamed corn and yummy Mac and cheese!

I've driven by this place many times, finally decided to try it out .Excellent BBQ, had the brisket delicious.
Make sure you upgrade your side to the bacon cheese fries, homemade and tasty.

Wow...these ribs are obviously a labor of love.
Extremely meaty...super tender and moist.
Great spice to the rub.
This is a small store...your classic local spot and clearly the owners passionate.
The ribs are 5 star...the only reason the whole rating is not 5 star is the fries, while perfectly seasoned and hand cut, were not crisp...onion rings and coleslaw were outstanding though.
Will be one of my regular spots from now on

Best BBQ I've ever put in my piehole!
I had the pulled pork sandwich and I didn't even bother with the sauces he brought to our table.
It was moist and JUICY and scrumptious.
I also had the cheesy bacon french fries, which were yummy and a little zingy.
My husband had ribs and they literally fell off the bone, also very moist and flavorful.
He also had the sausage which he said was *REALLY* good.
His sides were BBQ beans which he said were the best he's ever had and also had the green chile mac & cheese...and it was even better than MY OWN.
I could have seriously made a meal out of it and stole half of his.
It's just a little hole in the wall type of place, but the owner is SUPER nice and fun to talk to.
We can't wait to go back and try their cornbread, which they ran out of.
Apparently it's so yummy, that someone came in and bought two of the three loaves they made that day!

best BBQ I have had in my life!!!!!!!
i have tried everything on the menu and I loved it all.....and gained 10 pounds

The BF and I stopped in here after seeing the ratings on yelp.
We're from LA so aren't familiar with the area, but were very happy to have found this place.
Had the pulled pork with cream of corn and cole slaw - both sides unconventional but very tasty!
The original spice isn't very spicy at all, so don't know what that one reviewer is complaining about.
The owner was super nice and friendly.
Not only did he allow our dogs (a pit/lab and a retriever/lab) to hang out in the patio while we ate, he even was kind enough to give us some treats for them!
Super friendly guy.
Heard he's getting beer in the place soon too, so look out for that.
And they do events!
Will definitely be visiting again when I'm back on town.

Another great take out dinner from HEK Yeah.
Love the brisket and their cole slaw is amazing!
I'm so glad we live so close to your restaurant!

Food takes quite a while to come out :\   small small portions for a bbq place and quite pricey.
The similar place i have been to definitely crush this place in taste and quantity.
If you are craving bbq and don't want to go to a sit down place and you are in the area, sure why not.
Support the mom and pops.
But it isn't a first on my list.

I wanted to try this place based on the reviews posted on yelp.
It looked like it would be a good place for some BBQ, and sure enough it was.
To start the owner gave is a few samples of the sides to try out.
The BBQ beans and Cream orn were both excellent.
I decided to go with the sampler for the main meal.
A wise choice on my part, being that every single meat product was on that plate of awesomeness.
I also got 3 sides including BBQ Beans, Green Chile Mac and Fries.
Don't worry people I had a few friends to assist in eating all the food.
My compadres got a main dish themselves I'm sure of equal awesomeness.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone because who doesn't love local flavor and good eats!
Thanks Hek Yeah BBQ!!!
I will surely be back to explore other items from your menu.

Great food!
A true local business.
Walk in hungry, walk out bursting!!!
Love it.
Also used their catering and the entire party was raving about the BBQ.
Highly recommend for just about any occasion!

Excellent food.
Nice owners.
Service a bit slow, but worth the wait.
Coleslaw outstanding, cornbread very good, and the links very good.
Ask for mustard sauce.

4.25  Pros:  good meat  good flavor pork good hand cut fries good lemonade sauces were good awesome staff (family owned and run)   Cons:  location is meh size of pulled pork (meat) the bun was meh the price is a bit much  While I say the price was a bit much you def get quality over quantity here.
The homemade aspect of everything they do shows.

A definite hidden GEM!
Loved this place!
Owner and his wife there and run it.
All stuff made from scratch.
Uses the healthiest ingredients he can find and he will tell you them if you have any allergies.
Makes his own BBQ sauces.
Had the special, a half beef and half pulled pork burger.
Fries were hand cut.
Awesomely seasoned.
Definitely worth your while to find this place as it's kind of in no-mans's land (Cave Creek south of Greenway).
But worth the trip!

This place is a hidden gem!
It's a family run/owned (husband and wife) restaurant and I believe everything is organic and local.
The pulled pork is superb!
It's super moist and has the perfect amount of BBQ sauce.
I also tried the potato salad and green chile Mac which were awesome.
The owners are very friendly and laid back.
The place needs a major decor makeover as they have random tables and chairs and wall art they probably got from grandmas basement.
This place could use some major marketing as I would hate for this place to fail.
There aren't many place like this in north Phoenix let alone in the neighborhood of cave creek and greenway.
Try this place and spread the word because this place is too good and the owners work too hard for this place to fail.

My new favorite BBQ in phoenix.
The sides put it over the competition.
Really crunchy and very lightly dressed coleslaw and baked beans with texture and flavor.

Pretty tasty bbq for sure, but the service was pretty slow (but did seem like they also had a catering gig at the same time).
Tender pork, good flavor and a sauce with gentle spice.
Good fries, the Mac and Cheese was just ok thou.
Good review on the coleslaw from table mate.
The sweet sauce seems to have more spice vs. their original.
We'll be back for sure to a nice family owned place.

As a transplanted Texan I've been looking for good BBQ for years!
At long last,  I've found it!
It's my new go to place!

In the area from Northern California and wanted a good BBQ.
Not familiar with the area, did a quick Google check and found this spot.
I look for local places when I travel as they tend to be pretty good and this was no exception.
Had the 1 meat plate which was the perfect serving size for a late dinner; pulled brisket with cole-slaw & bbq beans.
Meat done just right (delicious), cole-slaw uniquely constructed with kale, broccoli, and pumpkin seeds along with the usual ingredients (delicious) and the beans were as good as any I've had (delicious) ... definitely made in house.
The owner was very friendly and you could tell that this is his passion.
If you want fancy decor and standard fare, this is not your place.
This is for folks who enjoy good, quality food created pretty much from scratch, a friendly vibe, and a reasonable price.
I'll be back when I am in town.

We stopped into this place for dinner tonight and were super impressed!
Everything is made from scratch, fresh and delicious!
I ordered the smoked brisket and hubby ordered the pull pork.
Both were delicious!
I was especially impressed with their cole slaw as it was not your typical mayo based, bad for you disaster.
Actually tasted very healthy!
We sat on the patio with our puppy and the owner gave her a smoked shoulder to chew.
She devoured it!
Wen we were leaving he brought her a big of frozen bones to take home!
How nice!
We will be back!
Had a yummy meal!

Loved the food here!
For once I was able to eat BBQ and not go into a food coma feeling disgusting with myself from heavy foods.
This place has all non-hormone meat and local/organic produce.
The food is not so heavy either.
For instance the cole slaw has grape seed oil and kale in it instead of only cabbage, mayonnaise and other fatty ingredients.
The slaw was light and refreshing.
The BBQ beans had some black beans in there and the mac and cheese was not overloaded.
Good quality ingredients gave a delicious meal that actually gave me energy instead of slowing me down.
Yum!

I have eaten here a few times, and when the subject of moving the weekly Car meet I attend was brought up - I thought of HEK Yeah first.
We all showed up at ~7:00 PM, 12 people and cars.
This place closes at 8pm, but the owner Kenny stayed open later than usual to accommodate us.
He even personally provided the "wait staff" and waited on us (usually this is a walk to the counter to order place.
)  The food was awesome, and there was that moment of silence in the entire group that only comes when eating really, really good food.
Not many places would be happy to have a large group of car people take up their lot, stay after close, and have the owner be the waiter - but that was not true here!
Kenny was friendly, joked around with us, and put up with the group without a single complaint!
I had the pulled brisket sandwich and southwest cream corn - and it was flavorful, nicely portioned, and fairly priced.
I don't see what other reviewers are complaining about as "expensive" here, the food here is well priced and fair proportioned.
It is cheaper than my now second favorite BBQ place, and cheaper than most sit-down chains.

This was VERY good barbecue!
We split the "you can have it all" so that we could try all the meats and everything is cooked perfectly.
All their meats are juicy, flavorful, and tender.
I highly recommend and will be going back for sure!

Wow let me start with that !!!!!
The ribs are amazing I mean tender juicy and the flavor really stand out.
I've got to say that I will be back very soon.
If  you want in on a quietly kept secret this is it.
Don't let the outside fool ya because the fries the coleslaw and that delicious sweet tea are worth trying just once I promise you won't be disappointed.
Please just give them a try.

Don't come here for the service or ambiance.
Come here if you want great flavors and really good bbq.
The pulled pork is quite amazing and I'm not a pork fan.
The beef brisket is really good but my favorite is all the sides.
I love their green chili mac n cheese, baked beans, and coleslaw.
The coleslaw is not usual.
It has kale and raisins in it.
Very good!
The cons of this place is service can be slow and food can take a little longer to be served but this place is family owned and ran.
So with a little patience in mind it's worth a trip to check out this hole in the wall bbq place!

Went here today to pick up some lunch.
The owner was very friendly and gave me some recommendations since I had never been before.
I got the pulled pork, shredded chicken, BBQ beans, and green beans with slivered almonds.
All of it was delicious.
The beans had a nice kick to them.
I definitely recommend this place because they are a family run business, and the food is great.

Meh.
BBQ should not be bland; my pulled pork sandwich was.
And lukewarm.
Hopefully it was a fluke; I won't be back.

Food was great and the meat was perfect.
Only reason it didn't get 5 stars was the portion size for the family meal was a bit small and we ran out if food and sides.

The food was fantastic.
The meat was very lean and the fries were nice and crispy.
The service was a little slow but everyone we dealt with was extremely friendly.

Came here with a person with Celiac disease.
Everything is gluten free.
The coleslaw is hearty and interesting .
The iced tea is strong.
The ribs are perfect.
Service is slow, but staff is charming.
Worth the wait!
Highly recommend.

Very casual, very much a dive, warmer inside than outside @ 88 degrees, music playing in the background friendly staff, EXCELLENT BBQ and GREAT potato salad and fries!
With that being said 3 pulled pork sandwiches, 3 sides, 3 drinks for 35.02 not including tip I'll let you decide?

Great food.
This area needs more BBQ and this restaurant is gong to fill this need.
Hubby and I both got pulled pork sandwiches.
Sides were coleslaw, potato salad, beans, veggie of the day or green chili Mac and cheese.
Family owned.
Stop by and check it out.

HEK yah!
After one visit I am sold.
The quality of the food and the overall  taste were fantastic.
It was a hit with the whole family.
The kids meals were a bit too spicy, but my guess is that you can ask for the fries, for example, to have less pepper.
They even had a good gluten free bun for my pulled pork sandwich!!
The service was excellent.
Local, family owned flavor, as well.

Have been looking for a good BBQ joint for a long time.
The Wife, son and his wife and I went in to try the place out.
Sat at the table for about 15 min before someone came over to take the drink order (there were two other tables being used).
About another 15min the drinks arrived (one was in a soda bottle and NOT opened).
About another 15min went by and no one came to take our order.
I went to the counter, with the unopened bottle, and told the person behind the counter that I would like to pay for the two drinks and that we were leaving.
He tried to charge me over $8 for the two drinks.
I pointed out that I was returning the unopened bottle.
The price came down to $4.09.
I paid the bill and left.
At no time was I asked why were leaving or was told that they were sorry for the experience.
Truly shameful service.
I normally give places two tries but I am not so sure about this place.

Wandered in about 30 mins before they closed and was greeted with a warm welcome and slow blues on the radio.
Felt immediately comfortable.
Add this place to the Cave Creek Rd list of "divey on the outside and great food on the inside" spots.
One guy running the show cooking, taking orders and answering the phone but he was friendly and welcoming.
Pulled chicken sandwich had a smokey flavor I didn't expect and it was very welcome.
Vegetable of the day was sauteed brussels sprouts with almond and bacon.
Killed 2 huge mason jar lemonades.
I want to give this place 4 1/2 stars.
Drawbacks - no lunch specials on the weekend; no beer menu (he told me he's working on the liquor license) but also not byob; weird hours - closed at 8 on Friday and Saturday night and closed Sunday at 4.
Those changes would probably make it 5 stars.

Really good BBQ!!!
The BBQ beans and coleslaw were so good!
Got to try the ghost BBQ sauce if you like spicy.

Hek yeah this place is 1 minute from my house.
I just ate there and have to say the best pulled pork I've ever had.
I ordered online and did take out.
While I was there they had me try their Ghost Pepper sauce, fantastic.
I also had the fries which were also very good.
We definitely be returning and telling all my friends about it.

The food is awesome but the delay is too long.
We waited 30 minutes from the time we ordered to get three BBQ sandwiches.

The food here rocks!!!
Don't know what they're saying about the bad service the owner is real cool guy!!!
Pulled pork with coleslaw on top and fries one of the best lunch love having a long time and I rarely pork!!!
I highly recommend this place if you're wanting a good lunch or you want some catering for a party.

