Unbelievable!
The bamboo roll is probably one of the best rolls in Madison.
Great service, fresh sushi, and super reasonable prices!
I highly recommend this place!
Not to mention the fried Oreos were so great...

I came in with no expectations because trying a new sushi place is always risky - and left completely satisfied!
I had the Spicy Tuna roll - which was to die for, the Bamboo roll basically changed my life, and we finished off the meal with some delectable deep fried Oreos topped with whip cream and drizzled with chocolate!
Best sushi place in the campus area hands down !!!

Don't waste your time.
I had VERY low expectations prior to ordering from here, but I wanted to try something new.
I was hoping, at the very least, a place with "express" in the name would deliver quickly, and I was willing to sacrifice quality for speed.
It took over an hour for the food to arrive.
The california roll and spicy tuna were worse than grocery store quality, and smaller to boot.
I understand that you won't get the best quality sushi via delivery, but Takara, Osaka House, and Edo all deliver for comparable prices, comparable delivery time, and way higher quality sushi with more acceptable portions.

The food and service are great!
Their menu prices are really low and affordable, that I was quite surprised on how the quality of the food would be.
The "Mango Lover" is my favorite roll and the combination hibachi has very tender, juicy meat.
Also, I had to try the fried Oreos that kept being mentioned, I found them AMAZING!

Ok, so I have never written a review for yelp, but after seeing what some people wrote here about sushi express, I felt it was my duty to express my opinion (no pun intended.
)  For the past few years, I had gone to Osaka House and various other sushi places in downtown madison/the west side, and always have had good sushi (however, I was not a fan of T. Sushi)  When Sushi Express first opened, I was slightly skeptical because the prices were so low; only after trying it was I proven wrong.
Sushi Express probably has some of the best cheap-price sushi in madison, especially it's shrimp tempura, avocado rolls, and even the California rolls are amazing (its about $1-$3 cheaper than buying it at fresh market too, and 5x better.
) Their selection is large and still expanding, and they even have really awesome desserts like fried cheesecake, which I have heard is amazing.
I have also never had a problem with delivery, and it has never taken more than 10 min for my order

First and foremost, this is not an expensive, top of the line sushi place, so if that's what you're looking for best to search elsewhere.
But this place is a pretty amazing, on-a-college-budget sushi place.
I've only ever ordered out from here so I can't say much about eating in the restaurant itself but - step one: ordering online was easy-breezy.
Delivery right in the time window (30 minutes, hooray!
) Pretty decent sushi selection.
I had one of the house rolls, the Out of Control, which was awesome, and an Alaska roll and a spicy tuna roll, which was very spicy (excellent).
I'm a stickler for fresh avocado and this avocado was nice and green so that was a major plus.
All very tasty, again not like a 15$ roll quality but still good quality and tasted fresh.
Neatly packaged.
Great sizes.
The boyfriend had a chicken teriyaki bento box with fried rice and he absolutely loved it.
The only reason I'm not giving this whole thing five stars is that the chicken, while very good, could have used a good amount more of the teriyaki sauce.
In all, I'll be back.
Great prices, delicious food, excellent service, and fast delivery (if you're looking for delivery time).

Let's get one thing straight: I am not rating this restaurant on the same scale that I would rate established Madison Sushi restaurants such as RED or Muramoto.
My husband was working and I wanted to spare the embarrassment of going to a restaurant by myself on a Saturday night.
Sushi Express had sent me a pamphlet and I was feeling adventurous (but clearly not adventurous enough to leave my house).
After reading previous Yelp reviews, I hesitatingly decided to order some delivery and I am glad I did.
I got the "Any Two Roll" special with a tuna roll and a Philadelphia roll.
I also got an additional dynamite roll.
Delivery was faster than other reviews made it out to be (which is surprising considering it was dinner time on a Saturday during student move-in weekend).
The sushi was pretty much what you would expect.
Not excellent.
Not bad.
The rolls were kind of small, but I felt satisfied and could even leave some pieces in the fridge for my husband to eat later.
Basically, if you want GOOD sushi, get your butt to a sit-down restaurant.
If you have a craving and don't want to put on a bra or something other than sweatpants, you really won't be disappointed.
...I seriously hope this review doesn't make me seem like I've given up on life.

Ordered online on a Sunday evening and delivery took an hour and 10 minutes... Had to even call and check on order.
I consider myself a crab rangoon afficiando - these tasted like fish - assume they use the same deep fryer... And came with no sweet/sour sauce.
Sushi was decent and only reason it got more than 1 star...
Still nothing to write home about.
Chicken in the chicken teriyaki was 70% meat, 30% unedible tendons...
Disappointing dinner, although the dog was happy since there were lots of leftovers.

Hey, this ain't Jiro Dreams of Sushi.
Then again, for the price, I find the quality to be staggering.
In terms of my experience, Sushi Express has served me some of the best rolls i've ever had in a Sushi restaurant, rivaling some of Chicago's most popular neighborhood joints.
I love how they grind the salmon and tuna in their hand rolls and maki....as well, most Spicy rolls have a dusting of panko inside giving that extra addictive texture.
The spider roll is my all-time favorite and they do it really well.
On a side note, I'm always surprised at how good my wife's sweet-potato tempura rolls look.
All in all, if you love sushi, but just aren't willing to spend endless amounts on it, this spot is fantastic.
Highly recommended for your casual and consistent sushi dining.

The food was good and I would recommend the rolls But the appetizers should come out before you are done eating the rolls

I was actually astonished at how yummy my sushi was from Sushi Express.
I ordered their 3 roll combo delivered to my apartment last night and it got here within 45 minutes.
The cold rolls were still cold and my warm roll was warm, impressive!
I had the spicy tuna roll, which is really good.
They put crispy tempura bits into it which really gave it something extra.
The Philadelphia roll was also yummy.
One of my all time favorites will always be the shrimp tempura roll, and this one did not disappoint.
I loved it so much I almost ordered some again the next day!
Really, really good food and really, really cheap!

I was terrified to try this place, because the name "Sushi Express" does not imply a great deal of quality.
However, I was pleasantly surprised!
Almost always delicious.
I would encourage people to try their delivery service.
Fairly consistent.
If you are using their delivery, don't go crazy.
Simple rolls like the spicy tuna is hard to mess up.
I tried a specialty roll over delivery and paid for it dearly.

Good, but not great sushi.
However, the prices are amazing and the service is fast.
I'm a regular customer.
It's a really great place for college students who don't have a lot of money to spend but want to have sushi.

I ordered the spicy salmon roll, tuna roll, and eel roll for sushi and the chicken teriyaki.
The actual tuna and salmon seems to be minced up, not a filet.
Nothing was in the rolls except the rice and protein.
I had assumed there would be some avocado or cucumber of some sort mixed in but nope.
Don't get me wrong, it definitely filled the sushi void in my stomach but now I know why this place is less expensive than the others.
The chicken teriyaki was bad.
Simply bad.
It had no flavor and tasted like it was steamed and then sautéed with some sort of dark flavorless sauce.
The fried rice was made the same.
I mean, come on!
Can we get some sort of flavor with my food.
I don't care if it's a flavor I wouldn't care for as long as it's a flavor.
It's as Sushi Express was afraid of offending people's taste buds so they decided to go with no flavors.
Stick with the mall food such as sarku's for chicken teriyaki.
Ugh, can't believe I needed to add salt to every bite.
Avoid this place if you can help it.

Clearly a Chinese restaurant serving sushi.
It was filling and decent, but not what I would call "good sushi".
This restaurant (unsurprisingly) targets college students.
It could use a good cleaning.
On the bright side it was inexpensive.
I would not go back.

I love this place, and they have some of the best prices on their sushi in town, especially when you use the "any two" or "any three" option.
I only ever get sushi here, and I'm pleasantly surprised each time I order something new.
It's not 5-star sushi, and if you expect that, well, it's your own fault.
I think the sushi is good, and order from Sushi Express regularly.
It's one of my favorites.
I recommend it to anyone who is looking for good sushi that's not super expensive.
I prefer it over most of the other sushi places in town.

