These guys are great Ken and the guys worked very hard at getting me in for an oil change with no appointment .
Why I was there they found a nail in the tire they fixed for free even though I didn't buy my tires from them.
They are very honest and treated me with the up most respect.
Something you don't see from auto shops anymore!
I recommend these guys for all your car needs.
thanks a lot Superior Goodyear .

Great shop.
Ran over a screw and wound up with a flat.
Brought my car in without an appt and it was fixed and back on the road in less than hour.
Great job.

Drove in for quick oil change.
They are always fast and friendly.
No push to buy but do a thoroug inspection and advise me of up coming problems.

Honest, fast and thorough auto service.
We were on the family vacation heading home from the Grand Canyon by way of LV.
The short of it: our radio started working funny then all of a sudden our car wouldn't start on its own- needed a jump start.
No idea how they are related other than electrical.
After researching on the internet, Goodyear auto service and tire center seemed like the best place to go: national warranty.
So if there is a problem (thinking the worst) we will be covered when we get home.
We pull in, loaded car, family and all on our way to the hotel, with no appointment at 5:00pm and it's busy inside.
This could be ugly.
The manager tells me not to worry, gets the info and calls the assistant manager over.
The assistant manager walks out to the car and pulls it up to the service bay and starts rolling up his sleeves.
He grabs a machine and one of the mechanics.
They test the alternator and put in a new battery in less than 30 minutes.
They proceed to tell me the alternator works great and we shouldn't have any problems.
We are on our way and meet our friends for dinner and a show all on time.
Thank you for the great service guys.

I left extremely satisfied even though the news they gave me wasn't ideal.
I dealt with Ken, who I believe is the manager.
His and his technician's customer service and expertise were second to none--this kind of thing is unheard of in this field.
I manage a hotel and am thoroughly impressed with the service at this facility.
I will refer friends and clients to them before anyone else.

Worst customer service I had in a while.extremely long waiting times for something that should not take more than 20 minutes .employees eating drinking and smoking while working on your car that's not only unsafe but a waste of time.I rather go to.
A smaller shop from now on .

Got a quote for tires over the phone .
I had the work performed.
Sales person quoted me with full package with road hazard.
After work was done he charged me a additional 40 dollars for warranty.
Don't fall for the bait and switch.
My four 58 dollar tires cost me 400 going out the door.

We were in desperate need of breaks & tires!!
Ken & Corey took extra time with us to explain our options to ensure a perfect match for our mini cooper.
We are extremely pleased with their service and professionalism.
Thanks again, we'll be back!

