Had awesome service at affordable price!
I have just purchased a new (used) vehicle and went in for an oil change.
Paid around 60.00 for oil change 3 wipers, rotated my tires and topped of all my fluids!
All around good experience from the new Goodyear team.
I highly recommend to all my friends and family.
Good job guys

Had a tire that kept losing air.
Took it in, they found the nail that had pierced the tire, explained why it couldn't be patched, and gave me a quick price on a new one.
Work was done in about fifteen minutes with no appointment.
No attempts to upsell or come up with other work that might need to be done.

How could I bestow less than five stars?
We got back from 18 days out of the country, in the midst of the deep freeze in Las Vegas, and although our Chrysler 200 started right up in the garage, the low tire light also immediately came on.
The warning light indicated that both front tires were very low, and the two rears needed to be filled, as well.
So, no big deal, right?
Just go to a nearby gas station and fill them with some air.
"Wrong!
" I realized just as I began to head that way for this very purpose.
For, these tires require nitrogen.
But then I remembered that just a few buildings down was the Goodyear store that likely had nitrogen.
And, it did--even with a pump that could be dialed to the exact tire pressure desired.
Better yet, I was not charged anything for this valuable commodity, and a technician filled and recapped each tire with generous amounts of nitrogen--all to an unknown but likely future customer!

Saw Ed today at Superior Tire on Losee.
He tried to charge me an extra $100 that was not disclosed when ordering - to re-program the tire sensors.
He also tried to tell me that fee would be waived if I bought the tires directly from them and not tirebuyer.com - He also tried to tell me my car was all wheel drive (not true) and the 2 tires I didn't replace were dangerously bald (they are not) and needed to also be replaced.
Basically he tried to do everything he could to fleece me and get me to spend hundreds more than I needed to.
I took the tires to Discount Tire nearby and they were very helpful, honest, and a fraction of the cost.
AVOID SUPERIOR TIRE they are crooked.

They were quick with my oil change.
Paula was very patient and friendly.
I'm from San Diego and wasn't sure where to go and they took care of me!
Thank you (:

Took my Audi A6 here to get a oil change and some fluids flushed...
The staff were very polite... Had me in and out... Not a long wait at all... And definitely affordable... Wayyyyy better than the dealership prices and they used all the same quality products my car requires...
I love this place!

Thank you,Shane Ely

Took my car here for a wheel alignment and they were very courteous and helpful.
They didn't try selling me something I didn't need and the car was done as the time they had promised.
Went online and printed out a $10 off coupon that they honored as well.
Definitely would recommend this location to friends and family!!
Excellent customer service.

I read the reviews and called to make an appointment.
The gentleman who answered the phone was friendly and told me to come in anytime and they'd take care of me.
I went straight there and received excellent care!
I had an oil change and tire rotation.
They gave me a great price on the oil change and let me know my tires need to be replace.
I told them I'd wait and they didn't hastle me at all!
I felt no pressure to get any extras which makes me want to go back here.
I didn't feel like I was being scammed.
My husbands air went out in his car and I told him to take it there and again, he received excellent service.
I'm calling to order my tires and have an allignment today and am happy to have found a place I can depend on.
You can't go wrong with this company.

I left the same review on Google+ but I wanted to spread the word.
I was driving through LV and noticed my two front tires were showing metal on the sides.
I happened to stop at this Goodyear location and Lee was phenomenal.
I got two new tires quickly and got the best price based on online price comparisons.
I only wish this was my local shop because I would be getting ALL of my car needs taken care of here.
Lee was so great and the shop was so fast!
Thank you!

