The people that own this place are some of the nicest people I've met in this town.
The food was incredible too; especially the spring rolls.

This place is brand new with a nice comfortable atmosphere and I was told they are still working on the menu and it will be shortened because it's way too long.
My first choice was discontinued from the menu so I went with what they call Com Ga Nuong.
It was described as marinated grilled chicken with Ginger, Lemongrass, Shallots, and Garlic.
It sounds really good.
I've had this similar dish at a few other Vietnamese Places so I was expecting a different presentation.
But the number one thing that bothered me about the dish was the lack of the flavors mentioned in the description.
This dish at Pho Viet only was garnished with 2 pieces of cucumber and two tomato slices and it did come with a large portion of rice and a very mild fish sauce with very finely shredded carrots in the fish sauce.
I also did sample the beef and meatball Pho.
To me it was less flavorful than others I've tried but not awful and just OK.
Both meals were hot and fresh served in a timely manner.
If you are in the area you should put them on your rotation and see what you think.
The owners are very welcoming to criticism as I did mention the lack of flavor to them in the chicken dish.
2.5 rounded up for welcoming criticism.

My first 5 star review!
This place has the best pho I've ever had.
Not best in AZ, best ever!
along with Really big vietnamese portions.
totally legit if you ask me   the staff is fast and efficient which is  what i look for in a restaurant  we ordered spring rolls and everyone got pho.
however the vietnamese iced coffee was something newer that was introduces to me here it too was delicious.
this was our first time  at (Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant) because it's a newer family establishment that just opened last week but i have a feeling the owners and staff-will be seeing me as a regular just for pho.
did i also mention its authentic and cheap in price!
which calls for perfect lunch with friends and family  on any given day.
the best part of my experience is the owners checked to see how everything was which never really happens in most family restaurants that ive been to...  keep up the great service !!!!

Great service.
The egg rolls were good except they only gave us one piece of lettuce for two egg rolls.
I got the pho tai which would've been much better if the soup wasn't so salty.
I also ordered a strawberry Boba but the Boba wasn't thoroughly cooked which is disappointing.
I'm hoping they will improve because this place is close to my house and I'd love to become a regular.

Let me start of by saying that my "last meal" if i was ever on death row would be Pho.
I love the stuff.
Now that i said that, I had the best bowl of Pho i have ever had in the united states here.
Period.
I had the bowl with everything in it, I believe it is the first option under the Pho menu there.
Everything about the bowl was perfect.
The broth, noodles, the exact perfect ratio of the flank, tripe etc.
The staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming which is something i havent experienced a lot in places like this.
I had at least 5 or 6 people walk up to me making sure i was taken care of.
Absolutely everyone working there were all smiles.
Now if that werent enough the prices are incredible.
My bowl was HEARTY.
I can put down some Pho, and the portion had me completely stuffed.
And it was like 8 bucks.
Incredible bang for your buck.
I would recommend this place to anybody and everybody.
Absolutely go out of your way to come here.
I not only intend to be back, but i can see myself very easily being a regular here.
Incredible food, incredible price, incredible staff.
And they serve beer.
10/10

The Thai Tea is amazing as well as the Tara Bobba..this place has only been open since 5/16/13 and I feel like it has been open for longer Peter & Maggie are very friendly and go out of their way to make your experience a good one.

If this is the same Pho place that was here quite a while ago, and is now again open, and owned by the same mom & pop, it is fantastic!
I really need to go there again.
It's far from me, but worth every bit.
I shall expand my review after revisiting.

Holy Smokes this place is GOOD!
No, it is freaking AWESOME!
I am a HUGE pho fan, and eat it practically once a week.
I noticed this place was opening and came across the yelp reviews.
So I decided it was worth a try.
For one, the place is aesthetically pleasing.
It doesn't look like a shop that was transported from Vietnam, like the usual place with small tables, cheap/poor decorations, and looks run down.
This place is clean yet traditional.
I ordered the shrimp spring rolls, which I've had in different states all over the U.S.
These were the best.
My BF who isn't die hard about the rolls ate one and said they were amazing.
And he travels to Guam, Hawaii, and lots of other places.
I got the Pho, and it was the best I've ever had.
Fresh, the broth was delicious and really carried the flavors of the star anise.
It was SO good, I just went yesterday and want to go back today!
I also got a Taro Boba, which i've been obsessed with since I lived in Hawaii.
Nobody here, in my neighborhood, has been able to make an amazing boba.
Again, my BF drank half of mine and he doesn't even like boba!
SOOOO GOOD!
*The only thing I could see them improving is maybe adding a TV in their little bar area.
And that's just a personal preference.
Their food is AMAZING.
The staff and owners are really nice.
I couldn't understand one of the waiters but he was still very nice.

Pho Viet is by far the best Pho restaurant I have ever been to.
I ordered the #12 Pho with everything.
I also ordered the Fried Rice with chicken and beef.
I wanted to order a little of everything on the menu because each plate was so amazing I could only imagine how everything else must taste.
The food was absolutely delicious and the staff was extremely friendly.
Especially the owners and their son Peter.
I'm not one to usually write reviews but I just had to tell everyone how amazing this place is.
It was as if I was dining on the food of the gods... that's how good it was.
I live an hour from Pho Viet and I will gladly make this drive more often to dine in this heavenly place.

Excellent new restaurant.
Only had Pho a couple of times, this was by far the best.
- Great portions, decadent flavoring, affordable prices, euphoric/speedy customer service and a modern/pleasant atmosphere.
I will definitely be returning in the near future.

Best Vietnamese Restaurant north of Camelback in Arizona.
It's better than Pho Avina, Angelina's, Viet Kitchen and Pholicious.
The have a wide variety of items to choose from that you would only find in Southern California.
It may seem pricey, but it's comparable to other Vietnamese Restaurants in the area and they do give you a good amount of food.
Everything tastes fresh, looks good, and smoothies are creamy (avocado=yum)!
Orders were taken quickly and accurately.
It's a new place and I do enjoy the cleanliness, decors and their authentic Vietnamese music.

This is the best pho I've had in the valley.
Being a vegetarian, I called ahead to make sure they would be able to accommodate my needs.
They made me a completely vegetarian pho - which was absolutely out of this world, soul-warming, face-glowing, asian soul phood (see what i did there?
) phonomenal.
The vegetarian spring rolls were very fresh, high quality, and my avocado smoothie had actual chunks of avocado in it.
Aside from the food the service was excellent, they were very eager to please, and the space itself is extremely clean, nicely decorated, and not what you would expect from the outside.
My boyfriend, who had never tried pho, is now a convert and we will absolutely be back.
Probably later this week.

This is a very welcome addition to the Asian dining scene in the Valley.
The food is excellent, as is the service and the atmosphere.
The portions are generous, so I thought I would be bringing some part of the meal to take home.
But because the food was so good, I ended up finishing everything.
I love that this restaurant has dishes with the great flavors and great prices I've come to expect from my favorite Vietnamese restaurants, but the nice location and the  casual, modern relaxed atmosphere sets this apart from the others.

was apprehensive about this place seeing as how ive gone to the same place for pho for almost ten years.
All of my fears where wiped away as soon as i walked in the door.
The establishment is very very clean unlike alot of other strip mall pho spots ive been to.
The staff is more than helpfull and extremely friendly but to top it off the Pho is out of this world AWESOME!!!
I cant recomend this place enough!

I have been eating "pho" noodle soups now since 1985.
Mainly all over Garden Grove Orange County California where the Pho phenomenon seems to have started.
The way to judge a good bowl of Pho is by the broth.
Most Pho has good broth.
But rarely do they have great memorable broths.
Most people add some shiracha hot sauce and hoisen into the broth.
Here it is not really  needed.
This is the one of the best broths I have ever tried.
Why would you want to mask these incredible flavors?
The chef will come out and greet you, he is eager to tell you about the merits of "his" broth.
Pho  Viet has great broth as the base, with noodles fresh and properly cooked.
The basil and vegetables are  another way to judge  Pho.
When you are served pho soup, you will be presented with a plate of fresh basil, sprouts, greens, and maybe some other vegetable in which you will immediately break apart and add to the soup to intensify the flavors of the Pho.
Here, the basil is so fresh!
Many of the Pho soup variations have meats that most Americans are not comfortable eating such as tendons, tripe, etc , etc, you can order it without all of this such as just beef or chicken.
Pho soup is not really about the meats anyway.
It is all about the tasty broth and  rice noodles.
The basil here is so fresh and fragrant it is as if it was picked minutes ago.
The sprouts are fresh and crisp.
MMMMM, great Pho!
The other day my friend had the chicken with lemongrass and ginger.
The taste was great.
You will also get a nice bowl of that heavenly soup broth with your meal.
We both ordered the fresh spring rolls which had even more of that great fresh basil.
As for service, this seems to be a family owned restaurant.
I believe it may be ran by a brother and sister team.
They will treat you like family.
Need I say more?
For all those peoples who are not familiar with Vietnamese restaurants and have always wanted to try, come here.
You will be yet anther "pho" convert.
It has been opened for a few weeks now, I hope the chef keeps the "fresh" vision for years and years to come!
P.s.
If you feel unconfortable with chopsticks, just ask.
They will bring you silverware.

A new top of the Pho list for me.
30 Flavors of Boba for starters sold me right out the gates.
I had the Lychee Boba and it was bomb.
Also ordered the crispy egg roll which was much bigger than normal which is a plus hopefully they keep them that size it's well worth the value.
Full of flavor and very crispy.
Last but not least the Pho....
The broth was clear like it should be also very nice flavor before even adding all my sauces and herbs.
Overall this place is awesome and it's close to work so I see myself here at least bi-weekly.
They have only been open 3 weeks so far so I am sure it's going to get busier soon as it is the best around this area.

As soon as I figure out exactly what #56 on the extensive menu was beyond "chicken, rice, and crispy pickled vegetables" I'll tell you - but I can tell you now the name doesn't do it justice.
The food was delicious and in decent but not overwhelming quantity.
Service was attentive, solicitous, and friendly, and the dining area well-spaced, clean and appealing with a few well-placed nods to the orient, but not overdone, down to the low-key Viet pop music in the background.
And the price for this lovely plate of food in this very pleasant, friendly, family-run eatery: an amazing $7.99.
I have to mention the red rice that came with the meal.
Expecting only the ordinary white sticky rice, this was a surprise, and a most pleasant one.
It was moist, reddish-orange in color, and full of satisfying flavor of it's own sufficient that we asked the staff what was in it.
We never got a definitive answer but whatever it is/was - it was not the traditional pile of tasteless stuck together white rice one might expect, and especially at so modest a price for so good a meal.
As stated above, the dining room is clean and attractive and the tables well-spaced, un-crowded.
Service could not have been friendlier or more attentive, though the attention lavished on us may have partly been a factor of our being the only customers at the odd dining time of 4:30 on a Sunday afternoon.
I don't know Vietnamese food very well at all, but I know what I like and Pho Viet did a wonderful job of providing it this afternoon.
I will be back to try more of the very affordable menu and enjoy the good service as well.

I first found out about this new vietnamese restaurant on the yelp app for "hot new businesses" and I wanted to try the place out after seeing the facebook pictures and reading other early yelp reviews.
When I first walked in, immediately recognize that this wasn't your typical "pho shop" and enjoyed the modern decor for a change of view, the waiters greeted us with smiles and the owners were very nice!
Everyone was helpful in every single way possible A+ for customer service; that alone will encourage me to want to repeat business.
I had the springrolls and bo luc lac and both were very delicious - I only wish that they have a more like peanut buttery sauce for the springrolls but their sauce for it was good too!
my mom had bun bo hue and she enjoyed that very much as well as talking to everyone there LOL   Though I haven't tried the pho yet, I'm itching to go back and try when I'm in the area for sure :)

This place is awesome!
This one blows Pho Avina out of the water.
The service is great, the place is clean, and the food is wonderful.
They have a great selection of Boba smoothies for a hot day.
The Pho broth had nice flavor and they don't skimp on noodles or meat.
I am from the Sedona area and try to make a point to stop for Pho when I am in Phoenix since it isn't something I can find locally.
I will definitely be back.

The Pho here is very good and they give you a great amount of it for the price they charge.
We tried the egg rolls as well and they're very good.
The thing that I was bothered with was the Cripsy butter garlic chicken wings that we ordered.
On there website they have a picture of this dish and it shows 6 wings on there and they charge $5.99 for them, which seems a bit much for me already.
$1 per wing?!
So we went and ordered them anyway and asked the waiter how many per order and he told us 5 in one order.
But when they came out, there was only 4 in the plate and I had to ask them why.
So he went back in the kitchen and asked the cook, and he came back and said that the cook gave us only 4 because one of the wings were a bit bigger (but to me they were just all regular size wings you get at the bar) So we ended up getting only 4 wings for $6+tax.
Ridiculous!

The first thing I think of when someone tells me there's a Vietnamese restaurant I think hmmm, is the place going to be clean?
since a lot of the Vietnamese restaurants around town are dives.
To my surprise, this restaurant not only newly opened, is open, spacious, CLEAN and well decorated in a modern theme.
The menu is extensive with the basic pho choice of rice noodles or egg noodles.
I decided to try their shrimp paste, pork chop, Vietnamese meat loaf over rice plate and a drink consisting of condensed milk, raw egg, and club soda.
I was a bit queasy to try the drink but wanted something different~ as it turned out, the drink is tasty~ a bit like liquid custard.
I think it would taste even better with a bit of salt sprinkled in to enhance the flavor.
I have to laugh though since none of the other wait staff, including the owner has tried this drink even though it's on the menu!
The rice plate was good.
Everything tasty.
Only bit of turn off was the pork chop came out really greasy.
Had a layer of oil on both sides that I had to sop off with a couple of napkins.
The wait staff were friendly, so friendly in fact that they waved and hollered out good bye to me without giving me the check.
Lol.
Good thing I'm a honest customer and told them I had not paid yet!
Overall, a very enjoyable experience.
Good location~ I hope they do well!!

Great new Pho place, have been here twice now, service was good food was delicious had the chicken Pho and chow fun both were very fresh and tasty with large portion size.
We will be back to try more..

Went there this weekend for the first time.
The thought of soup on a warm, 120 degree day did not sound like a great idea, so we opted for rolls and a noodle dish.
I am brand new to Vietnamese food, so the menu was pretty intimidating to a newbie.
However, Maggie and Peter did a GREAT job explaining things to us while keeping our waters filled!
Very friendly, VERY CLEAN, food was yummy.
Please give this new restaurant a try and be sure to introduce yourself to Maggie and Peter..Super nice folks.
I wish them luck!!
Welcome to AZ.

Just went for dinner.
Food was ok. Spring rolls were alright, could of used more flavors.
The pho was okay.
I felt that the pho broth was too fatty.
This flavor to me ruined the taste of the pho, especially towards the bottom of the bowl.
Also bathrooms on each side of the restaurant were a bit confusing.

Once again, Yelp helped us pick a winner.
Hubby was craving Pho, and FYI he is the big Pho expert in our house.
I just go along.
We were tired of Viet Kitchen, so I was excited to see a brand new Pho place not too far away.
Man oh man, so clean, modern, friendly,  5 stars just for being a pleasant environment.
But the proof was in the Pho and hubby was very very happy.
Boba was great.
Service excellent.
Menu is really extensive, so I was happy to have so many other choices.
lemongrass shrimp rice plate was nicely spicy, a little skimpy on actual shrimp, but the veggies tasted better anyway.
Congrats to owners for opening and hope all goes very well.
p.s.
43rd Ave and Bell is starting to be THE place to go for great food  (Here, Yen Sushi, and Mi Comida, BOOM, done!

I can't say enough about this place.
Staff is friendly, the place is beautiful and the food is mighty tasty.
I am never steered wrong when I want to try a new item and even though this place has only been open for a short time, I feel like they are family.
They get to know you and what you order as well as remember what you have ordered (and liked) in the past.
They are VERY attentive and want to ensure that you have a great experience.
Do you have a question?
Ask away!
I keep coming back because it's like a home away from home...without the curfew.

Where do I start????
I had a Daddy Daughter lunch date with my 9 month old and I was craving some good Vietnamese.
It's a little hard to find its in a plaza tucked in on the end.
I was greeted immediately by a nice man and he found a nice table where I could park my stroller on the end.
This place is spotless!
I was thrilled that usually means the kitchen is clean too.
So I ordered the lunch special a regular sized bowl beef and meatball noodle soup with an egg roll and a Pepsi for 10.00 bucks.
I was feeling like a fatty so ordered the butter garlic crispy chicken wings as an appetizer.
I finished it all!!!
it was hot , fresh and Flavor bomb central.
The staff was so attentive and friendly.....I was recently introduced to Vietnamese coffee with sweetened condensed milk so I ordered some and it was a great way to finish the meal.
Definitely a great lunch spot and date spot too.
I'm afraid that this place is going to be found by all lovers of Vietnamese and no longer be a Hidden Gem.....go you will be glad you did!

Sad that I have to write my disappointed update.
1) I always order the same thing #13 which is $7.49.
Today I went in for the first time in maybe 2 weeks.
I noticed that they got larger bowls.
Their last bowls barely fit the soup.
Upon checkout, I was charged $8.49 per bowl (I went with my BF).
The man who checked me out said we charge you $1.00 more because the bowl is bigger.
I never asked for a bigger bowl, I was just given it.
How can you charge more to people than what the menu states?
Not good.
2) I say ok fine, and pay.
My total was $23.17 for 2 bowls & a boba.
I handed the man $25.45 and he gave me back $1.
63?!?!?!
I said UM this is not my correct change.
It should be $2 plus change.
The man said oh sorry my mistake and gave me 4 quarters, and a one dollar bill.
THEN as I'm putting my change in my purse, the man took the $1 bill off the counter & put it in a tip jar behind the counter or something.
I thought he was crazy.
I had already left a $5 tip on the table.
I looked at my boyfriend and said mmmm, nope.
Maggie & her brother are really nice, but won't be coming back for awhile after this poor experience.
=( So super disappointed by this.
I felt kinda cheated...

So........................
I've been told that the best way to judge a Vietnamese restaurant, especially its pho, is by the broth.
Specifically the pho bo, tai, nam, chin ,gan ( beef broth )....etc, etc.
This place is OFF THE CHAIN!!!!!!
I've had several places that do pho very well, but hands down this is my favorite place.
I found out about it after a month or so of it opening and I'm really glad i did.
Great cozy atmosphere, everyone is SUPER nice,  especially Maggie ).
:-)   This is a MUST GO for anyone in the area, and if you aren't in the area....... get in your preferred method of transportation and GET THERE, like ASAP!
Happy dining at Pho Viet

I really, really liked this place.
It was big, clean and in a good location in regards to where I work.
The people were really friendly and greeted you right away.
I ordered the Chicken Pho and it was amazing!
The broth had a great flavor and really hit the spot.
They give you a lot of fixings (bean sprouts, jalapenos, etc).
I also tried the egg rolls and they were pretty good.
I am a fan and will return to try some of their other items!

Found this in my rear view mirror as I was leaving the parking lot.
Turned around and went in to pick up a to go order of Pho.
The place is very new and very clean.
The staff was very friendly.
Pho was excellent.
Plastic wrapped spring rolls rolls were off putting and did not taste fresh.
Edit 4/29/14 So after two visits since my first review, the springs rolls have been fresh and great tasting.
Upping to 5 stars.

So Glad they were open late !!
Yum

HOLY PHO-CKEN SHIZZ PARTY PEOPLE!
I love this place!
Not only was the food OUTSTANDING but the people running the joint were awesome.
My daughter loves Pho Ga so I took her and my wife here last night for dinner.
We had originally planned on going to Nam Sao (our go to joint) but found it closed for remodeling.
Fate had intervened.
Just to get the pho out of the way, my daughter and wife both loved their Pho Ga.
I on the other hand absolutely LOVED the Com Dac Biet combo plate.
Every bite was amazing.
The grilled pork and chicken had that familiar Vietnamese smokey grilled taste.
The shrimp was cooked perfectly.
The broken rice perfect and the side of clear soup I got was out of this world.
My favorite thing on the plate, the shrimp paste and the meatloaf.
This is the perfect meal.
You cant go wrong here.
I will be back, again and again...

First visit: staff very loud  in communicating with each other.
Food was good but dry had to use soup to try to bring some moisture to rice , chicken and egg rolls.
May give it another try

I live right near this place and I watched as it got ready to open.
I love Vietnamese food so I was pretty anxious to try it.
I was not disappointed.
The staff was very friendly.
The food was fresh and delicious.
The place was kept very clean.
There are a couple of other Vietnamese restaurants in the immediate area but they are nowhere near as good as this one.

The pho was good!
It was my first time having pho and it had a strong clove flavor(a spice) i don't particularly like clove so it was hard for me to love the pho.
I don't know know if it taste like that everywhere but i will ask next time i decide to have it somewhere else.
If it wasn't for that particular taste i would have loved it .

Good atmosphere and clean.
If you are looking for authentic pho this is not the place.
Veg was not as fresh as it should be, soup had very little flavor for the broth and combo bowl was very small (disappointing).

Diverse menu, happy staff, colorful ambience.
Will return again!
Pho tai is excellent with great broth flavor.

We tried this out tonight, and are completely impressed by every part of the experience.
I got the noodle soup with the beef and it was phenomenal.
The beef is cut extremely lean, no fat whatsoever on the meat, and the broth was rich and delicious.
My wife got a chicken, noodle and vegetable plate (don't remember exactly what it was called) and the portion was so large that it could have fed both of us.
The service was great, the turn around for the food was quick, and I can't wait to go back.

Stopped in here after searching Yelp on my way home.
My hunger was getting the best of me.
I had the dinner special - a bowl of soup, spring roll and tea.
the rice paper wrapped spring roll was rather nice and refreshing.
I liked it so much I bought two more to take home for lunch the next day.
The soup (noodle with beef) was OK.
I added on extra noodles (though i did not think it looked like extra noodles).
It was just an ok bowl of soup.
Service was attentive and friendly.
I think I will be back to see if it is better (per the yelpers) the second time.

This is the closest Vietnamese place near my workplace, so it works for me when I'm craving pho.
I usually order the spring rolls and rare beef pho, they use cucumber slices in the spring rolls (which I don't particularly care for) but everything else still tastes pretty good.
I like the service and I'll definitely continue ordering here.

Cleanest and greatest viet places I have ate at... Love it definitely will be coming back

Rad place, great food, service was awesome and made us laugh....if ur wanting and dam good bowl of Pho its a most!!

This place is simply amazing.
This shrimp fried rice is addicting and the soup is phenomenal.
Me and my husband have decided to make it our new Vietnamese restaurant.
Why not check out next door to for a great massage.
We did both!

A cure for the first time.
The people are very pleasant, helpful, and very courteous.
The food was absolutely delicious.
We are definitely coming back.

3.5 stars.
My new favorite pho place in Arizona!
My parents house is only 20 minutes away from Little Saigon in Cali so I've always had my pick of good Pho.
This place is pretty darn good, beats my usual pho spot, Pho Thanh in Phoenix.
The broth is very flavorful and they have a good assortment of Vietnamese dishes.
Prices are standard for this area.
Normally I get the rare beef with flank or brisket, but I got it with just flank this time.
Flank was more fat than meat so not sure if I'll get this here again.
Maybe they just didn't have much meat today.
Last time I got the rare beef with brisket, that was tasty .
Regular size bowl is plenty of food, I usually can't finish it all.
Got the Banh Xeo  today and though it was very flavorful and packed with shrimp, sprouts and onions, it was undercooked in some areas :( We've ordered the spring rolls before to go and they were good.
My favorite thing here though is their Lychee smoothie, its soooo good.
They must put ice cream in it or something, its amazingly creamy and flavorful.
I know they have many flavors but I always have to order this when I'm here!
Big, clean restaurant, fast service, nice decor.
Will definitely be back!

This place has good food and friendly service.
Dont let the outside fool with you.
definitely a place I would go back to you.
there is a variety on the menu that I still need to taste

I was initially looking forward to visiting this Vietnamese restaurant because of the high ratings on Yelp.
The interior gave a modern feel as the red, black, and light wood décor was spaciously arranged with slow natural lighting coming through the windows.
The Com Ga Nuong ($7.50) came with pieces of chicken grilled to perfection.
It was marinated with ginger, lemongrass, shallot, garlic, and served with pickled veggies and steamed rice.
The chicken was moist and juicy, but the flavors on the marinade and pickled veggies were faint.
The dish had promise, but the flavors were kept too safe and failed to stand out.
The dish also came with a bowl of over-salted soup which I could not finish.
The server kept asking me if I wanted to order something else.
Feeling pressured, I ordered the Taro Boba ($3.99) since he said it would be made with real taro.
The quality of the boba was decent at best, but the drink was made with powder instead of fresh taro.
I then turned to the female server to inquire about the drink.
She said they don't have fresh taro in the restaurant and that the drink was made with powder.
Moments later, the sever came back to reassure the drink was made with real ingredient.
I was visibly upset by then, so the server went outside for a few minutes before returning to my table to say, "We grind up real taro into powder so it can be mixed into the drink.
" Since I make boba drinks at home, I can guarantee you that such practice is not only unusual, but this guy must be delusional or in the midst of a cover up.
The owner of the restaurant noticed that I was extremely dissatisfied about being lied to, but did not address the issue to intervene.
The second server was at fault too since she did not comp the drink or bring it to the ownership's attention.
I told her, "I wouldn't have ordered this drink if I know it's not made with real taro.
"  I have been eating taro since childhood so I can distinguish those that are artificially made.
To insist that they were telling the truth, after the second server had already admitted to the error, earned them a zero star for 1) up selling their customers, 2) dishonesty, 3) lack of intervention and apology to fraud, 4) indifferent ownership.
I would never come back to support this business and encourage the public to do the same.

Really good food.
I ordered soup and an a dinner entrée.
The soup could have been dinner.

The Pho is good and the service is great.
They are always friendly, welcoming, and quick, even when busy.
I get much more meat in my pho at this place than I have anywhere else.
The inside is clean and modern.

I've been to plenty of pho restaurants in the valley and this is by far the best one!
the service is fast and friendly (especially Maggie) and the food is out of this world.
I highly recommend this place

Great place to get your pho fix.
The prices are decent and they also sell the Vietnamese pancake.
If you're craving Chinese wonton soup try the me noodles.

I read about this place when it appeared in a ROTD (Review Of The Day)  So this is my first visit.
I didn't know what to expect however I was excited to try this establishment because I love soup especially this time of year.
There is nothing like a bowl of pho on a cold day.
In addition it isn't that far from where I live.
I must say I'm quite impressed with this place.
As you might know from reading my reviews I rarely give a restaurant a 5 rating.
To get a 5 the food & service must be over the top.
It must have that " Wow factor" and Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant has that wow factor.
First off when my wife & I walked in we were  immediately greeted by the owner Nghi and our waiter Hong with a resounding "Happy New Year".
The place wasn't busy so we were seated right away.
While my wife went to get my glasses that I left at our house I ordered our drinks (Root beer for Carol and hot tea for me).
The first thing that impressed me with the tea it was made with real tea leaves instead of the tea being in bags.
I then ordered us an appetizer of Cha Gio Eggrolls (Crispy rolls filled with pork, shrimp, crab meat served with vegetables).
I asked our waiter Hong what he recommended since this was our first visit here.
He suggested the Pho Tai.
When Carol got back and tasted the Cha Gio Egg roll she raved about how tasty the egg roll was.
I told her Hong suggested we get the Pho Tai (PHO noodle soup with sliced rare tender beef).
We both ordered the Pho Tai.
Carol  and I usually see eye to eye on most things taste-wise (food, music, etc.,) so I wasn't surprised she loved the food here especially the Pho.
All I can say is the Pho here is awesome.
The Pho broth was tasty and fresh and while at first glance the portions didn't look that big, the Pho was extremely filling.
The beef in the Pho was tender In terms of taste, the Pho was delicious!
Plenty of noodles, fresh basil, bean sprouts and jalapenos and lime on the side.
This even before you add Sriracha Sauce or Hoisin Sauce to the broth.
The broth was just the right amount with a like amount of meat.
The soup was actually good (not watered down) I was so full by the time I finished eating.
If you want to leave a restaurant with a full belly and a smile on your face this is the place to be.
I can definitely see myself becoming a regular here.
They have a huge variety of Pho in addition to an extensive menu of Vietnamese dishes so the Pho is just one of the things that makes you want to come back.
To finish off my meal I got a Lychee smoothly.
It was outstanding.
Plus they give you a large straw so you can slurp down every delicious drop.
FOOD: Everything was cooked to perfection I thought my mouth was having a PHO party.
The Pho was so flavorful the broth warmed my belly with delight.
It was soooooooooooooooooooooo good.
AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior.
SERVICE: I KID YOU NOT, there are Vietnamese restaurants out there providing excellent customer service.
And Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant is one of them.
CONCLUSION: Hungry?
Do you like Vietnamese food?
Of course you do, who doesn't like pho, right?
This place is nice & clean and plenty of parking.
The service was excellent and the food came out pretty fast.
The staff also seemed very nice.
The décor was awesome and the prices were good too.
What else do you want from a restaurant.
I will be returning here to try their other delicacies!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%   ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?
********************  5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH

Went to this place once!
They just open and I had a bad service.
The server did not remember 2 order of mine and when he brought my bowl of Pho he messed it up.
He did ask me if I ever had Vietnamese food before ( i was insulted when he said that).
Well I am ASIAN and i had plenty of Vietnamese food.
Especially when I use to live around Westminster and garden grove.
The Pho was okay I would recommend to reduce the amount of cinnamon put in the broth.

My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this establishment while looking for a cure to our PHO desire.
We recently moved to the opposite side of town so didn't have a particular place...until now.
Friendly, laid back atmosphere, good food, fair prices has made this our new Viet place.
The hot green tea I ordered was great and freshly made, as a vegetarian I recommend the vegetarian spring rolls (#3)

I do not know much about Vietnamese food, I have been to Vietnamese restaurants only 3 times.
But my friend at work treated me to lunch for my birthday and I was craving a soup, so I looked for pho and found this place.
It was easy to find and with plenty of parking.
Everyone in there was super friendly and nice.
Great service and very accommodating.
I think I had #16 (PHO soup w/sliced rare tender beef, flank, tendon, tripe) and it was outstanding.
My friend had pho with chicken, shrimp and extra veggies.
I cannot speak about drinks because we had only water, but I am looking forward to go back and try the milk coffee.
: )

I told you I wanted to become a regular here so here I am again with my wife.
Immediately upon entering Nghi (the owner) thanked me for my review and welcomed us back.
Other than the gal behind the counter who was there during our last visit  everyone there was all different.
None of which introduced themselves.
I must say I was a slightly disappointed about this.
That being said I must admit ALL of them were extremely attentive and helpful.
Especially (I'll call her the gal behind the counter since I don't know her name).
We started off with an appetizer of Cha Gio Egg rolls.
We both totally enjoyed them.
In fact this is the second time we ordered them.
Anyway after (the gal behind the counter) made several suggestions we finally ordered the Cha Gio eggrolls again.
For our entrees my wife Carol got root beer then ordered Bun Thit  Nuong (Grilled pork , egg roll, lettuce, mint, bean sprouts.
She moderately liked it.
But thought it was just OK. She enjoyed the Pho much better.
I ordered hot tea and for entrée I ordered the Com Thit Nuong, Bi, Cha, Tau Hu Ky (Grilled Pork, Vietnamese meatloaf, shrimp paste over steamed rice.
Like my wife Carol I thought it was OK but liked the Pho much better.
After my meal I got a Mocha smoothie with Boba.
I didn't like the Boba all that well so next time I'll just skip it.
FOOD: Everything was fine but not my favorite dishes .
I liked the Pho much better.
AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior.
SERVICE: Outstanding.
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.
This restaurant is spotless.
The prices are excellent.
What else do you want from a restaurant.
I will be returning here to try their other delicacies!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%   ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?
********************  5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH

This is a great, family run business with yummy pho!
You should definitely try them out!
Spring rolls and phone dac biet are d'lish!

First time here and we really enjoyed our Pho and boba!
My honey is pretty critical about Pho and he enjoyed it, said it was better than his Mom's!
Now that is saying something!
I ordered the Chicken Pho and taro boba, both were perfect!
We also ordered the summer and spring rolls that were delicious as well!
We will definitely be back!

the food is terrific!
maggie waited on us and she is just adorable and friendly.
we've tried a few other pho places around town and this is the best, our new placw for pho

Great service and great food.
Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for great food and people!

I have a few favorite go to pho spots, but i decided to try this because it was the closest to me.
That being said i'm glad i did.
I loved that you could really taste the clove in the pho, some places have started to get bland with their flavoring but this was on point.
The egg rolls were as good as the ones from my favorite spot too.
Our waitress was really cool and my son asked if we could start coming to this one so enough said.
The only reason i gave it 4 stars was because i'm use to the cheaper prices at my spot and bigger bowls but don't let that stop you from coming the FOOD IS GREAT and worth it!
we'll be back!

The pho was delicious, spring rolls, and egg rolls.
The waitress was friendly had a nice atmosphere.

Food is probably a 3.5 but I'm rounding up to support my people's small businesses.
I ordered a rice dish and it had pretty authentic flavors but the thit nuong (grilled pork) was too dry.
I love Vietnamese egg meatloaf (cha) and the little piece I had was good but not warmed up enough.
The bi (shredded pork skin) was very good and reminded  me of home.
I had a sample of the pho broth and thought it had too much anise flavor without the depth of the meat bones.
Not sure if I'd eat pho if I came back but there are other dishes that looked good like banh xeo and papaya salad with liver and beef jerky, which i haven't been able to find anywhere else in AZ!
Prices are also a little more than I'd except from a Viet restaurant.

This place has very delicious, aromatic, authentic pho.
Regretfully, the prices and the portions of the soups offered do not honestly reflet the generosity you may find at an heirloom Vietnamese restaurant.
The staff is wonderful and the atmosphere is clean and modern.
(IE: There isn't an old lady sitting in the corner reading a Vietnamese newspaper swatting flies) A potential 5/5 restaurant once they offer some sort of compromise on the pricing and/or portions of the pho they serve.
Need a more affordable place with munificent portions?
Look no further than Da Vang or Pho Thanh...

My wife & I have eaten here several times  since our first visit.
Each time I have tried something different.
My wife Carol gets her favorite PHO Soup.
But I must say it is the PHO and the spectacular service that keeps us coming back again and again.
Each time we bring new people who haven't tried Pho Viet Restaurant yet and they all liked it a lot.
FOOD: PHO is delicious.
AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior.
SERVICE: Outstanding.
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.
This restaurant is spotless.
The prices are excellent.
What else do you want from a restaurant.
I will be returning here to try their other delicacies!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%  ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?
********************  5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH

I have no idea what I ordered but it was meat broth and veggies.
The meat was supposed to be meatballs but was more of a sausage.
The veggies were all good and te broth was awesome after adding it all together.
The staff was really cool, checking on me and refilling waters etc.
I liked it but and still scared....  PS great for a head cold!

I have been here 5 times in the past 3 weeks.
The food is spectacular and the service is wonderful.
Peter recommends a dish and every time is better than the last.
The coffee is so good that I dream about it.
I recommend this to everyone!!!
:-)

My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our first experience at Pho Viet today.
For starters, our waitress was so friendly she made us immediately feel comfortable.
We were both able to get the 10 dollar combo special, which comes with a bowl of Pho, a  spring roll or egg roll, and a drink.
The spring rolls were so fresh, the best I've had anywhere.
I ordered number 31, Pho Ga, which is Pho soup with tender chicken.
The broth was so tasty, seasoned perfectly.
My husband got number 30 Pho Tom, PHO soup with premium shrimp.
It had so many pieces of actual shrimp, we were both so surprised!
We will definitely be going back soon!

Really considerate and friendly servers/family and a vast menu that never leaves me bored or wanting more.
Plus, you can get a bowl of their Pho, a Spring Roll/or Egg roll, and a drink for $10 which is more than enough for one person.
This restaurant reminds me of home in Orange County and I will definitely be back again.

Let me start by saying, I love this place!!
We found it by accident when they were having their grand opening.
It's one of my favorite places to stop for lunch on Friday after a busy week!
We always start with Goi Cuon, steamed shrimp, pork and vegetable spring rolls.
They are wrapped in rice paper and served with peanut sauce.
I could eat these all day!
There are many choices on the menu.
The pho is very good and flavorful!
One of our favorites is #59, Com Dac Biet.
It has shrimp, pork, chicken, shrimp paste, Vietnamese meatloaf and a few other things.
The food is fresh.
Portion sizes are good.
The service is excellent.
Everyone remembers us from previous visits, and they always make us feel welcome.
Look and feel inside is clean and modern.
Highly recommend!
And while you're there, don't forget to try a tiger beer!

Quality quality & quality !!!
We love it, always fresh, always clean, service is always fast & friendly!
Everything we've tried here is sure above 4 starts!
I also really sensitive comes to seasonings, not having any problem at all !
We are happy happy & happy !

I'm really happy we stopped here for lunch.
Food was pretty good.
Had to have some boba drink.
I recommend that definitely.

Came here tonight for the first time, I loved that it was so clean, the staff very friendly, the food delicious!!!!
Definitely will be back!!!
So glad I live up the street and won't have to travel so far for my addiction of spring rolls and peanut sauce!!
The shrimp pho was delicious!
Portions were good, prices I felt were good, my husband and son both enjoyed it and they aren't really fans of this type of food and they both loved it!

My buddy and I came this place after attempting to go to another Vietnamese restaurant, Nam Sao and found out it was closed due to fire.
When we walked in the first thing I noticed was how clean it was.
Some places I have been look dingy and have an off smell.
Not this place.
I ordered a rice vermicelli bowl with grilled pork, pork skin and egg rolls.
We ordered spring rolls to share and my buddy got a bowl of pho.
My friend was so impressed he told me to taste the broth.
It was amazing!
Layers of flavors and you could taste the herbs and spices.
I decided then and there it would be the next thing I would order there.
And while I was craving the bun, I was regretting not getting the pho.
However, my dish was great.
The pork was grilled perfectly.
Some places seem to have a real problem overcooking pork when it's thin and grilled.
The egg rolls were very flavorful as well.
My friend has already recommended this place to some friends and I'm dying to go back.

Friendly spot with a TV and great food!
Prices aren't bad and the seating is nice and comfortable.
The menu is hard to understand because it's not

Love this place for pho!!
best service and best food!

Saw this on yelp while looking for boba smoothies,great choice.had spring rolls,grilled pork sandwhich and smoothies.everything was very good,can't wait to try more things on the menu.

I just had lunch at Pho Viet and I always order my favorite dish which is Co'm Chien or fried rice with jumbo prawns and chicken.
You can get whatever meat you want in your friend rice and that's the best part about Pho Viet!
Also check out their new t-shirt design.
The grey shirt made me laugh.
It is the trend that every Pho restaurant in the world or this country must design their funny Pho shirt now.
Pho Ga!
I love it!!!
There are new items such as Vietnamese sandwiches on the menu besides Pho and Bobba that you can try but I always go back to my favorite fried rice to the first day that I tasted it when I first worked at Pho Viet during their Grand Opening.
Great Vietnamese food, great memories, great family and friends at the restaurant.
Say hello to all of the family at Pho Viet when you see them!
It doesn't matter who you are.
They are the friendliest and the best to make you feel right at home.

The Pho and spring rolls are my favorite.
I stumbled on this place as it's close to my home, and really like it.
Nice open atmosphere, friendly service.

I need to travel to AZ more often just to eat Vietnamese food.
Was on my way to the airport and it was early so I saw this place and decided to drop by.
I got the Bun Bo Hue and the sausage spring rolls.
I'm so happy that there are still some vietnamese places that would use deep bowls not the wide shallow bowls!!!!
My Bun Bo Hue had the pork hock and the sausage spring rolls were refreshing.
I went to the airport very happy ;)

15 STARS!!!!!!
Birthday dinner, AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best Vietnamese food and customer service in Arizona.
The Spousal Unit tried a Com Dac plate tonight and loved it.
I foresee many, many more lovely evenings at Pho Viet.
Did I mention I love the peoplez running this joint?
Hell yeahzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!

Since PHO's menu is so extensive I can always try some thing differed  to eat and that is always mouth watering bowl of PHO that is guaranteed  to  satisfy .
Especially when suggested by the son of the owner.
Every suggestion by him has be short of amazing.
YES were hooked on this place,  yes were regulars, there, yes we know every one there.
and yes this is out favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town.
Peter the owners son ha even made suggestions to try different n00dles to replace the ones that cone with them and all I can say is each time he does the soup gets better ad better!
FOOD: PHO is delicious.
AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern.
Exceptionally clean.
Bathrooms are very clean,.SERVICE: Outstanding.
Everyone is very attentive, providing  excellent customer service.
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.
This restaurant is spotless.
The prices are excellent.
What else do you want from a restaurant.
I will be returning here to try their other delicacies!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%                        *********** What does my OVERALL rating mean?
**************  5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH

Just got take out.....Awesome!
!!!
If you have not tried Vietnamese food, try this place.
The inside is very clean and the service is great.
They accidentally gave me 2 large soups but said not to worry they did not charge for it.
Highly recommended

Excellent Spring Rolls and Excellent Pho.
I had the Pho with little bits of everything.
They had Soda Chanh as well.
Got some Viet Iced Coffee to go and enjoyed every last drop.
Spring rolls were very delicious, their peanut sauce needed a little hoisen added as it wasn't as good as most places, not saying it was bad, but I have had better.
The pho broth was very good, they didn't have jalapenos to add to my soup, but it was not a problem.
The meat was tender, maybe a little lacking, I would have preferred more meat, maybe next time I will ask for extra meat.
Bonus note, they take AMEX!

SUMMER IN AZ IS COMING.
YOU'LL REGRET NOT TRYING THE BOBA HERE.
I have enjoyed a great bowl of pho here a few times.
The many times I do come in is because I am addicted to the boba smoothies.
But lets start with the Pho.
Food: I am the type of person who probably loves the broth more than everything else and being a native Californian we have many gear pho House.
The broth here was excellent.
It just mixed and sat well in my belly.
Chicken and beef plates were grilled and marinated just right.
Egg rolls were the 2nd best I've ever eaten.
(I've had MANY egg rolls in these 26 years of life)  Boba: This is separate from food due to it being a gift to mankind.
I've tried 6 different flavors, all great but all time favorites: 1) mango 2)coconut Boba, as you first sip, she captures you with her smooth, ice cold texture, then the boba create a game changer from drink to food, as the perfect combo is there.. Then comes the silky smooth milk taste of mango to pull you back in....
Customer service and decor: awesome!
The smell is the first thing to hit you when you walk in.. Its just so dang fresh.
I am always greeted and feel like I'm at a friends House when I go there.

Went in with my BFF last week for our first visit .
We each ordered beef pho.
She had the number 13 Pho tai (?
) and I had 12 I forget the name but was the beef pho with tripe tendon beef and meatball.
My friend is more the 'connoisseur' of pho.
Really tunes in to the broth flavors wherever we go.
Says if its more fishy or weak.
She said this was in her top 2 faves.
I basically just say if i like something or not and i did love it.
she said it was a tie with Angelina's.
Pho Viet's  broth was so flavorful and even though it was 117 degrees outside, we just wanted to drink it!
We also ordered their #8 appetizer crispy butter garlic wings.
The order came out to us quite Non-crispy and were actually raw in the middle.
The busboy took them from us right away apologizing and as we were waiting I believe it was the manager that came out to again apologize and ask if we wanted anything else while we waited for new wings.
(Very handsome BTW).
We didn't , and when our server brought the new wings they were incredibly delicious.
Nice and crispy , not sure what the spices/seasoning was but it was potentially addictive .
Taking a long shot guess but Asian 5-spice?
We will for sure be back for the wings and  venture around the menu!

So I'm always on the look out for good Pho.
It's one of my staples when it comes to food.
I visited this place as it's near my work.
I walked in and was instantly greeted by a staff member that seated me at one of the tables which had a number on it.
I assume it's for waiting purposes.
I asked for a tea, and was surprised when I got a green tea.
it was very tasty though, so no complaints there.
After about ten minutes, my pho showed up, and it was decent.
The broth was a little bit less flavorful than I'm used to, however it was still tasty.
They offered a full list of usual Pho ingredients and the pricing was inexpensive.
I can say with certainty that I will be back!

Went back again today.
I got the pho with rare beef, tendon, tripe and beef balls.
It was so good.
My soup was suppose to also have brisket and flank but I told them to hold it.
With me holding the two other proteins, I thought I would get more other proteins but I didn't.
oh well, it was still good maybe I should ask next time.
I also got the shredded pork with pork skin spring rolls, the skin was tough to eat so I will stick with my pork sausage spring rolls.

I love the options they had here, they don't skimp you on noodles or meat.
I got one of the special pho's and it was amazing.
I kept pulling out different meats all the time.
I am really glad there is a pho place like this around me and I don't have to travel down to tempe/mesa anymore.
Sandwich is good, the bread to toppings ratio could be better (less bread would be good).
Didn't try and spring rolls when i was there, next time i will.
Also they have hilarious shirts.

Ordered the Pho Gha.
Broth could have used a little more complexity in flavor but the table ready condiment selection added some zazz.
I would return.

They have awesome Pho Thai here at very reasonable prices.
The thin slices of beef aren't fatty either!
The staff is very friendly every time I come here as well.
If you are in the mood for Pho Thai, I'd definitely recommend this place.
One of the best I've found in the valley so far.

Massive menu.
Great pho and a lot of other options- including great little apps.
The lunch crowd files in and almost fills the place up.
We will certainly be back with our brood!

My boyfriends parents treated us to dinner here Saturday night.
This was my first time  eating at a Vietnamese restaurant.
While I looked over the menu I gawked at how many options there were!
There are over 100 different combos to choose from.
I ordered the # 74, Grilled shrimp, grilled chicken, shredded pork & pork skin, and Vietnamese meatloaf over steamed rice.
My food was very tasty.
Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy what they ordered as well which ranged from Pho soups, to something with lemongrass, and these cute little coffees.
They also had a few different sauces on the tables to choose from like hot, duck, sircha, etc.
which were very good.
I also discovered what boba slushies were!
I had no idea these tasted so good.
I am hooked.
The servers were very nice and the atmosphere was very peaceful.
I do plan on visiting again in the near future.

I love Vietnamese food.
Today, I come with my bf who didnt like Vietnamese food, but he is crazy on it now!!
(Thanks!!!!
)  Really love the Pho, and rice dishes.
I'm gonna visit again soon.

My first impression of the place is, it's visually clean and spacious with great interior decor.
The service was quite nice but lacking here and there.
For example, I ordered a Soda Xi Muoi (Plum Soda) but there was no taste of the soda at all.
When I asked one of the server if she might have given me a Chanh Xi Muoi (Plum Lemonade) instead because I couldn't taste any soda in my drink, she immediately said it was definitely the correct order.
Now, I honestly could care less if they had given the wrong order or if the soda was left out too long and lost all of its bubble.
What bothered me is that after voicing out my concern, there wasn't any offers to remake the drink or any attempts to double check if it was the correct drink.
As for the taste of the food, i'd give it 2.5 stars.
Bun bo hue: lacked flavor and smell Nem nuong: okay though more meat wouldve been better Chicken pho: a bit bland, though i must say, the noodle's texture was great.
I absolutely would not recommend the smoothies.
I understand that most viet restaurants do use powder in their smoothies but for a strawberry smoothie to taste like toothpaste..
I honestly cannot defend it no matter how hard i try.

Been there 5 or 6 times.
Food is very good, place is always clean, and staff is friendly.
Just a nice little family owned restaurant.
I highly recommend.

I had high expectations for this place because it has high ratings.
My hu tieu dac biet was just okay.
I came here with 3 other people and everyone else thought the food sub par as well.
They give a lot of noodles which is a plus, but the soup was tasted heavily of msg and they skimp on the meats and veggies.
There were not a lot of people there (probably cause it was 2pm).
We got seated quickly and service was good.
Overall it was an okay experience, but I think I prefer the Vietnamese restaurant inside Lee Lee Asian supermarket!

Pho Viet has quickly become one of my favorite spots to eat at.
I love their pho the most, but their bahn mi is great too.
Their mocha and taro boba are the best options in my opinion.
Their service is also excellent.
They have some of the most friendly servers in the business.

