Great person to deal business with.
Very reasonable rates and does a good job.
Nice and knowledgeable.
Honest and sincere and recommend to those that need a handyman!

Doug is great!
Very professional and handy at everything I've ever asked him to do.
He's a great help to me and I plan to keep using him :)

Very professional and exceptionally responsive.
Working with handyman services was a pleasant experience.
Upon my call he made time to address a major water leak in the sprinkler system within a day.
He is very competitively priced and provided feedback as he progressed as well as when complete.
As an out of town homeowner with a rental property he is my first and top choice for maintenance issues.
Doug provides outstanding service and comes with my highest recommendation.

Doug was excellent!
I called on Saturday evening around 5pm to schedule an appointment for early Sunday morning.
He wasn't available but said he would see what he could do.
Sent me the contact information for an associate of his that handles his overflow.
The associate was Ken and he was just as friendly and professional as Doug.
He showed up on time and quoted us a good price.
Will definitely use again!

Great communication, very kind and respectful, got the job done well and came the same day.
Didn't know we had to paid to pay for our own materials and the job ended up being $30 more than originally priced.
That being said I would definitely call them again and trust them to take the time to do a good job

Doug Cacciola fixed my broken shower diverter and tub spout.
I bought all the parts, so his bill was just labor and saved me some bucks.
Took 20 minutes and he brought all the tools he needed.
Even cleaned a hairball out of the drain for me, lol.
Doug seems real chill like a hippy dude, and he's my Go-To Guy when I get in over my head on house projects.
:-)

Not great.
Spilled paint on my carpet, slow work and didn't clean up very well after job.

Doug was excellent!
Definitely a handyman.
I called a few different places to get estimates on some work that had to be done around the house.
One company wanted to delegate out and run up the price for almost every little thing, but not Doug.
He came, talked about each issue and got it done himself.
Doug was efficient in communicating, scheduling us in to get it done and doing the job in a timely manner.
He's nice, and we were able to joke around and enjoy having him work on the house.
Doug went the extra mile in getting us the parts we needed, and helping us make the right decisions on how to fix things.
We will be using him again and keep his number saved as he is our go to handyman now.
Thanks Doug!

I called Doug yesterday and he was able to come out today to change the kitchen faucet.
He was very friendly and did the job quick.
Doug also changed a recessed lighting that refused to come out for us.
He charged less than half of what Lowe's wanted to charge for the labor.

I called Doug about a busted doorjamb, among other things, and he connected me to his associate, Ken.
Ken was available the very next day and arrived at the scheduled time.
The price was fair, he was very thorough with his work, and the job was done fast.
Excellent handyman, this is who I'll be going to from now on.

Doug has worked for me for about 4-5 years, doing A LOT OF WORK.
Now that his business has grown, I asked him for a bid on my backyard the last week of May, which I wanted to have completed around the 15 of June, give or take a few days longer if necessary.
After sending several reminder emails asking for the quote, TODAY I get an email that he is too busy to do it!
One week before I wanted it done!
So much for customers that always gave him work and sent referrals.

I call Doug and he send his Co worker Ken, he did a very good job and fast the most important is he  gave me a very good price.
I'm very happy with his work.

