This fairly new establishment has sprouted in various locations on the strip.
Aside from the usual gourmet jelly beans, chocolate, and other candies, they also have a mini bar where you can order dessert cocktails.
I believe one of the other locations is actually a full bar/club.
Our son who has a very big sweet tooth saw the candy display and made a run into the store.
$16.98/pound for candy in a duck bag, $3 for Unicorn lollipop.
The cupcakes looked good but there were no prices and were pretty small so we opted out.
Service was cheerful.
Very convenient if you are just out to buy sweets and do not have time to run into the area drugstores.

Stopped in to grab something to bring home to the little one on my way out of town.
I can never come home empty handed.
The lady who helped me was very nice and helpful.
Five stars for her.
I got a t-shirt and a lollipop.
I had no idea that the lollipop was $25 until I had already bought it.
Pretty fancy lollipop, but damn!!!
$25?
Oh well, I guess I should have paid more attention.
The lollipop might not be worth it, but my little girl is.

The food was so blah.
So what if they offer a huge 42 oz root beer float.
It costs $22 and is just a rootbeer float.

Meh.
Sugar is sugar and you can get that anywhere.
This place is a pretty nice set up, but you're crazy if you spend $14/oz for candy.
That's insane!!
It's a friendly atmosphere and that's about it.
The girls at the door give you a candy sample.
That's your best bet for a decent bite of candy from this store without spending a tank of gas money for some bites of candy

I'm a sucker for souvenir cups, so I had to get this sugar factory fishbowl!
It was bout $40 bucks, but the drink got me tipsy so I think it was worth it.
I got the Lollipop Passion which had a beautiful presentation, although it wasnt smoking like Ive seen in some other pictures, still cool.
I would want to try the other drinks, they all looked festive and fun!

Have always had the be at experience here while in Vegas.
The dinner menu has a lot of options.
I like the decor and intimate lighting.
Huge Candy cocktail was deliciousness!
Best to make reservations here.
Weekend nights they have a dj and play a good mix!

I LOVE THIS PLACE!
I walked in with my VIP love and she was promptly greeted by the girls who work there, they had this awesome lipstick all patterned in different things, ones girls lipstick had a pink cheetah pattern and the others looked like they were sprinkled with tiny candies!
It's like Willy Wonka's factory, but better!
The colors are bright, the candy is live!
The BEST coffee around, it's ILY coffee maybe it's the barista who worked her magic.
The staff is friendly, this place is colorful!
If you go to the Sugar Factory candy bar inside the mall (there is a store inside the mall and one on the outside before you enter the mall), you can get really great drinks!!
P.S This is how you must order your coffee: Med size 3 pumps of caramel sauce-not syrup 2 pkts of sugar=1scoop oh and a little  WHOLE MILK   I don't know what any of that means all I know is that's how it was ordered by my coffee expert & that's how it taste BEST!

My wife and I stopped to grab some cookies after dinner.
The manager informed us that they cookies were not fresh and actually gave them to us for free.
That made our day.
They really stand behind their desserts.
We will continue to patronize this location.
The staff is very friendly.

After walking by here several times I really wanted to have one of those amazing looking milkshakes.
I got the fluffer nutter, because I love peanut butter and chocolate together.
I watched the lady make the milkshake.
I saw her pull out the gallon of D milk and I thought "great, this is super fattening.
"  I saw her pull out the jar of Skippy peanut butter and I thouht "great, this is something I could have made at home.
"    It came in a plastic cup that looked smaller than the pictures and there were no Reese's Peanut Butter Cup bits on the top like in the picture.
I didn't say anyting but I was pretty disappointed it did not live up to the picture and description for a $9 milkshake.

