Attended the soft opening 5/17/2013.
Someone spent some money on this place.
Beautiful decor, it looked like everything was new.
Comfortable sitting areas with over-sized couches, plenty of bar space but this night was so packed it was impossible to get a seat at the bar.
Cannot comment on the drinks as the lines were too long and we did not want to stand in them.
I was surprised they did not have any wait staff mingling around to take drink orders.
The only staff we saw was some guy that opened the front door for us and a handful of bartenders behind the bar.
The small staff they did have were slow to remove dirty glassware and it seemed to pile up.
Twice in an hour I saw empty glasses knocked over and break all over the brand new flooring.
They had music playing but they had it turned down so low you could not really hear it.
Parking was difficult because one cannot really tell what parking is the bar parking and what parking is the building behind it.
There were signs posted that talked about authorized parking only so I worried my car was going to be towed.
Stacy's definitely has the potential to be a great.
I hope the owners will keep their eyes on the details.

Nice place!
Very good drink specials.
Music could stand to be a little louder just for the fun factor.
I think they were having some music player issues but I am sure they will get that all figured out.
I have been here a few times and I really like it!

I don't go to bars anymore, so I'm not going to lower my stars just for that reason.
I don't know what Fosters was like, what everyone kept talking about that this place was before a long time ago, but this bar had a nice ambiance.
It has a church motif with a large cathedral like "window" that changed colors over the dance floor and cool "medieval" like "flame" lighting and faux lit candles.
There were plush leather couches in a cozy side area which I liked, but it wasn't removed enough to make it easy to converse without having to raise your voice.
Besides the noise level of what is basically a one-room bar, I didn't like the smoke machine as I kept thinking my contacts were dirty and it made talking even worse (I'm a little hoarse this morning).
But then again, I don't do bars, so overall this place was well done in terms of design and would be a great place to go to in a group.
The bartender was easy to get to and my drink was made very strong.
Thumbs up.

We came in Friday night to relax a bit and catch up.. we thought the place was great!
( My friends did mention the bar was cleaner then most in the city )  We enjoyed great drinks and flattering lighting.
Although Stacy was not behind the bar that night, the staff did a good job with the service.
The crowd was pretty damm attractive, which is always a good thing.... We'll be back..that's for sure!!

I really like this place but the drinks aren't very strong if you know what I mean.
I'm a light weight when it comes to cocktails.
I had a 7&7 and then a Long Island and felt a little buzz not much.
The place is amazing inside the music needs a little work, DJ needs to pay more attention to the crowd and less to what he likes.
But the DJ is a 10000 times better the DJ Tsunami at Charlie's who truly sucks.

Pretty cool space and something different, which Phoenix needs desperately.
I have been here a couple of times and here are a few things that I have noticed.
The bar staff can be hit or miss.
I have been there when Ron is working and he pays the best attention to all of his customers.
But this past Saturday I was there around 12:30pm, the bar had about 3 people working and it took them a while to get to us.
I also had to tell the bartender 3 times what I had ordered.
The MUSIC...It looks like some people commented earlier that the music was too low but the 2 times I have been there the music has been so LOUD.
This place is not a huge space so the music really shouldn't have to be that loud.
I love the idea of this place being a space where you can go and dance but when you can't hear your friends when you go to hangout them maybe it can be worked on.
I am gonna try it out a couple more times because like all new places, it takes time to iron out the kinks!

Awesome!
Awesome!
Awesome!
The bartenders were friendly, the customers were friendly, the bathroom is unbelievable wicked cool - the best bathroom I have ever seen.
My hubby and I went with another couple friend of ours.
I have frequented bars that Stacy has worked at for a number of years and was excited to see his new adventure.
(very well deserved after all these years)  The décor makes you feel like you are inside a castle, like you are a princess.
The ceilings are incredibly high with stained glass windows about the building.
The lighting is fabulous and flattering and the fresh flowers on the bar are a very nice touch.
They have a patio outside where you can smoke but can't take drinks just yet.
We were there on a Wednesday, which apparently is 2 for 1 night.
Score for us!
Our friends said, "oh, just leave the leftovers in the car.
We are only going to be here for one.
"  Yeaaa......I grabbed the leftovers (which the bartender put in a fridge for us - awesome!
) and we proceeded to stay for quite a few (my hubby was driving so no drinky drinky for him).
We had a blast with everyone who was there.
Our friends can't wait to go back.
Wish we didn't live 20+ miles away.
Now the bathroom.
It's like you are just walking into another room.
It is a unisex bathroom with plenty of stalls and urinals around the corner.
The lighting is not sparse, not plentiful, just enough.
The concept and the design is what makes it the most incredible bathroom.
Seriously!
They also do this charity shot thing that I thought was a brilliant idea.
Every month they donate $$ from a specific house shot towards a different charity.
We had two of the Voice Puckers - SoCo, Apple Pucker and Cran.
They were $3 each but $1 went to the charity.
Great idea!
Can't wait to get back.
We will definitely make it a point to stop in whenever we are in the area.

LOVE it!!
Stacy was always an awesome bartender at Bar One and having his own place just brought him to another level.
The prices were good and they have TITO'S vodka.
The only thing I don't like is I don't live within walking distance anymore!!!
There is a dance floor but we were only there for happy hour.
We did have the couches reserved for a birthday party which was a nice touch.
Get your butts down there!

What a lovely bar!
I love all the decor and the attention to detail, beautiful floral arrangements, comfy seating, bartenders are friendly, its very inviting.
We came in on a Thursday night ready to dance but it was country night so we finished our drinks and left.
While we were there the owner, Stacy came around and introduced himself, he seemed very nice and it's obvious he cares about his bar.
Wednesday's sound like the best night to come.
Great drink specials and top 40 music.
We'll be back!

I am still keeping my rating at 4 stars because I really like this place.
I am just updating my review because the last 5 or 6 times in I have been disappointed by the bartenders.
The drinks have been mediocre and they have not been that friendly.
I don't mind waiting for a drink if I have to on a busy night but if I have to wait I do expect my drink to be good and the bartender to be nice.
I know there are always kinks to work out in the first year of business so I am going to continue to support this establishment.
The one thing that has been consistent is the owner.
Stacey is always very friendly when we come in.
It is still a nice fun place!

Great Bar!!!
Friendly staff, delicious drinks and amazing ambiance.
Stacey's is a wonderful place to relax and just be yourself!!
Chris the bartender was also fantastic!

Stacy Rocks,     He pours great drinks that are affordable and has the best personality ever.
I promise you if you check this bar out you will be super happy :)  Great staff, affordable drinks, and a smile to go with it.....what else would you want??

It's a cool place, come check it out you won't be disappointed with the cocktails.
but the bartender is not as attentive if I like them to be he can't change the music and anyway it seems like it's preset from the homeowner which is pretty lame so Tuesdays they need to have better music.
or at least if it's not busy which it was not that the bartender maybe could take a couple of requests not an all-night thing but maybe one or two just to give me in a better mood.

Let me just say that I love yelp!!!
Here we are in Scottsdale AZ and want to find a great Gay and Lesbian Bar... After looking at Yelp reviews we settled on Stacy's @ Melrose.
The bar is the perfect size.
So festive with Halloween decorations and the the vibe is awesome.
Omg love the restrooms...
Someone should have thought of that in LA and SF bars... As lesbians we felt welcomed and enjoyed the delicious Mojitos!
We were so impressed we wanted to find Stacy and thank him for such a fantastic bar.
Several drinks in...
Guess who finds us...?
Stacy himself thanking us for coming in and saying how this bar is for everyone.
What a personable and wonderful guy!!!
After short conversation we found out that both of us had lost out moms in 2012... Then when we told him the happy news about my partner and I getting married he bought us shots.
So 2 gals from SF and 1 from Austin here loving his bar... You locals are lucky would kill to have this as my neighborhood bar!!!
And the music is really awesome too!!!
That is the cherry on top!!

It's cool to have the owner himself (Stacy) come over and say hello goodbye and thank you for coming never had that happen before anybody going to,

"It's a Great night for cocktails"  Really cool decorations for Halloween fun fun  It's a cool place, come check it out you won't be disappointed.
Popped in the other night the outside smoking patios almost complete now.

It's a cool place, come check it out you won't be disappointed always a good time good service good drinks great atmosphere like going to church.

Even on a Friday night it was easy to get to the bar and grab a drink.
This bar has plenty of room to move around, dance, have a conversation out on the patio.
It has the feel of a neighborhood bar.
Drink prices were very reasonable and the DJ was very good and very nice.
He came outside and introduced himself (Cullen) and asked if we were having a good night - it was definitely a great night.
If you're in Phoenix looking for a great gay bar, Stacy's is a place you should consider.

This place is excellent, friendly staff amazing owner, clean and very pretty.
Fun all week and great sounding karaoke with a fun host.

A remodel on an old spot done right!!
This place is just great!
I'm so glad Stacy took over this place.
Please keep it up!
Fast & Friendly!
Love this place

They would get 5 stars but they need to be making their Mojitos all the time so that I could get them, they stop making it at 8 but while I was there, nobody was ordering at the bar and the bartenders were just standing there.

This is a great bar, not too busy, but enough people to have a good time.
The music is excellent for my dance moves and the drinks are cheap.
There's lots of space to sit down too and a stage on the dance floor if you're into that.
Just a warning, this is a gay bar so be aware and dance your bum off!

Very very very nice relaxing space!!!!!
I might just have a new hangout :-) Best of luck STACY!!

Back again to update my review.
I just wanted to bump up to four stars because I feel like Stacy's has improved.
I am seeing a lot more consistency on the drinks and Stacy is always nice as can be!

I met Stacy at an event 6 months ago.
He was amazed I never was in his bar.
I insisted I would go the next week and was I surprised.
I have only lived here for 1 year but my family used to live here for many years and I was out a lot.
Loved the atmosphere immediately, friendly people, friendly staff, great set up.
Huge outdoor patio, amazing unisex bathroom, great drinks, great dance floor.
Stacy came running up to me, remembered me and said "told you that you would like it".
Apparently he has a huge following from working in many venues prior and has the personality that makes people want to be around him.
I have been back many times since.

I am a night owl, i party in some of the hottest gay clubs in the country, mainly WEHO (west hollywood) and New York.
I have been to a lot of the local gay bars in PHX, and this is the BEST so far.
I was so very please to be greeted by a polite courteous door man.
then to walk into a mini nightclub that looks like its str8 out of hollywood was very refreshing.
Nice sound, friendly staff, tasteful decor,  The only thing i did not care for was the dance lights, (although far better then anything else out here) the laser kept blinding me while drinking at a table with friends.
(i would love to see this place with moving head lights)    Make sure to check this place out if your in the area.

Way better now that it is Stacie's!
Stacy is very friendly and welcoming !!
They are friendly and gave great customer service!

If you're into goth music, this club is for you.
Now that they have different owners, the drinks are cheaper and made well.

Finally Stacy got his bar and he has made it fabulous.
I love the bar, I love Stacey.
Thank goodness the Melrose is keeping up the gayborhood in nice fashion.
There is a large patio, dance floor, bar area and seating lounge.
Everyone is welcome, it's a friendly atmosphere.
The place is a success.
Thanks Stacy, we love ya!
Well and you know, if you've lived in Phoenix for quite sometime, some of you may remember that this was once a bar called Fosters back in the day.
Well if you stop into Stacy's you just may get a drink served to you by the man himself, Mr. J.
Foster.

Love this place!
The owner is a blast!
Cant wait to go back!

I must say for gay bars in Phoenix it's pretty slim pickins but Stacy's @ melrose is holding it's own.
I do hope everyman and their brother make Stacy's a staple in their Phoenix nightlife bar hopping.
Stacy's usually has a good crowd and everyone seems to be friendly and not too clickish.
The decor is pretty amazing with a medieval theme throughout.
The patio out back is lacking a little uniqueness but it's there waiting for some $ I'm guessing to become amazing.
Oh and please leave the girls at home it's a gay bar.
Now I don't know about you but I'm gay because I like men and that's what I go to a gay bar for, THE MEN!

