Great coffee, great atmosphere, good prices, wifi available, drive thru... All you can want from a coffee shop.
Conveniently located right in front of the CSN Charleston campus also.

Oh Wow !
AMAZING customer service!
This is the magic hole in the wall spot you've been looking for.
The prices are unbeatable for the quality  A+

I know everyone loves their Starbucks, but this place is great!
Yummy morning goodies and the coffee is wonderful.
Will be back again :)

Pretty cool price, a mocha frappy is only 3.70, pretty good deal, free wifi, next to csn...  Price is way cheaper than starbucks, coffee taste pretty good, high quality ingredients.
They offer a variety of interesting desert.

Surcharge on card transactions under $5.
Was given a pastry that was somehow dry and frozen solid at the same time.
Didn't order coffee because the choices are pretty boring.
I love a good non-Starbucks joint, but this isn't it.

Wake up coffee cafe is one of those places where you'd never quite expect its interior from what it looks like on the outside.
That's a compliment!
A bunch of us from school dashed here for lunch to be greeted with the soothing aroma of freshly made pastries.
My Iraqi and Syrian girlfriends suggested to keep the desserts for later with a useful tip about Armenian specialty desserts.
Apparently they're hard to resist.
But first, we needed to find out what the owner's ethnicity was since he had an accent.
In the meantime, we got ourselves our main courses - roast beef wrap for me and hot water.
With every bite, the taste of onions, swirls of hummus, tomatoes and juicy roast beef oozed with flavor.
And brace yourselves people, eating that pita-like bread will be messy but it's worth every crumb that falls to your lap!
Stuffed, we walked back up to the counter and asked the owner the question we've been itching to ask.
Moment he said he was Armenian, we got ourselves a crepe, cheesecake filled red velvet cupcake, and a fruit tart.
No turning back!
They were the bomb and even better, they were cheap compared to the prices offered at novelty cafés.
Most of the sweets were below $3 and the crepe cost us roughly $5 which wasn't considering it fed 4 people.
Students at csn will enjoy a 10% discount.
There's free wifi and whatever's on the menu can be customized according to your need.
Just be a little patient.
They've been running for only 5 months and are still getting a hang of efficiency.
All because they're focusing well on quality first and that's a great start.
You don't have to be a student to enjoy the low prices since they're already low to begin with.
Coming back here very soon!

This place is amazing, they have different of kinds of pastry.
Unbelievable pastries that I never seen.
Tests really.
I would recommend this place to any one who is looking for good coffee,tea and good pastries

This place is really great, has many kind of pastries and a lot of collections.
I would recommend this place to all those who has good taste for pastries and coffee/ tea.
I really like this place.

Great place, great coffee, and free wifi!
Need I add more?
Oh yes I do, the customer service is spectacular.

This place has really good coffee and pastries.
They have lunch options like quiches and little pizzas too!
Also, you get a 10% discount if you're a student.
It's also very quaint and smells nice.

Truly a hidden gem!
It's difficult to notice, as the entrance is fairly small and hidden by distractions of the vacant next door space and the ever popular Tropical Smoothie.
When you first walk in there's an initial shock of what you see vs expectation.
It's like walking into Narnia of cafés!
Spacious and yet cozy, beautifully decorated with modern/Classic feel with a hint of magic; pleasant to the eye and yet not overwhelming.
Such a wide variety of pastries, my mouth waters just from thinking back.
Every time I am there, I try a new one!
So far I loved most of them.
Same goes for drinks.
Nice variety, and definitely good quality!
You must try their wraps!
So fresh and delicious!
Never thought hummus on a wrap could make such a huge difference in flavor!
Bottom line, I highly recommend to give this place a try!

I love finding cute little cafés with wifi, cozy seating and decor, and tasty food: it's like a trifecta!
There is also a drive thru for convenience, and the hours are crazy long: 6am to 9pm most days.
But if you use the drive thru, you might be missing out on the phenomenal selection of breakfast and lunch pastries, cookies, wraps, crepes, and quiches!
If you're on a diet though, maybe the drive thru keeps you away from temptation.
Service is friendly, teachers and students get a 10% discount!
and the dining area has a tv!
an aquarium!
AND a chess board.
I might just camp out here all weekend.

I believe this is an Armenian cafe!
Don't be fooled, it looks like a "To-Go" kind of place--it's actually really cozy inside; and rather large !
The prices of food are not bad at all; we actually loved how cheap everything was.
The coffee wasn't bad at all, anything coffee is pretty okay; I can't say the same for the Thai Tea Latte--it wasn't very flavorful.
The desserts were cheap and good also!
Although, they were a bit cold which hardened some of the cakes that we ate and took away flavor.
The pizza they heated up for us was actually pretty tasty.
You just can't go wrong with pizza :) Another great item was the quiche.
Mmmmmm.
The quiche is a great breakfast item for the road!
They are a bit slow at preparing stuff, but I'm sure that will pick up once they get rolling with heavier crowds!
The service is really good and the people working there are extremely nice ;) It's always a plus when you have a good experience!!!
Don't pass this cafe by for an early morning coffee!

Amazing coffee!!
You can't go wrong with danesi.
Staff is extremely friendly and attentive to your needs.
Birds nest is a must have!

Hands down best coffee joint ever.
It was the best drive thru experience me and my friend met the owners husband and wife and they were the nicest people I have encountered , they asked us about every detail of our order to perfect it.
Completely awesome food and service.
They have organics which is dope and they have so much more than coffee.
Honestly best place to wake up too.

Items Selected: Fig Strudel Bird's Nest Pastry Chocolate Chip Blondie Walnut Roll Cannoli Baklava Phyllo Napoleon Honeymoon Cake Baba Rum  Having driven past the small Charleston storefront daily for nearly five months it was finally this Saturday that I decided to stop in at Wake Up Coffee Café, the husband-and-wife owned Armenian bakery greeting myself and a pair of local police officers with hot beverages and breakfast savorires alongside a tempting display of cakes, cookies, and pastries ranging several continents and cultures.
Allowing the cops to go first as I browsed the options with the enviable task of spending a $20 gift certificate I was immediately taken aback by the low prices displayed below each item and fortunately en route to a brief morning meeting my selections ran a nine item gamut, the total bill a mere $21.45 and only a soggy cannoli and overly sweet baba proving anything less than impressive.
Admittedly a touch slow in service as the owner tended to both the café and drive-thru it was with a warm fig strudel that my Wake Up tasting began and with shattering layers around sweet fruit my hopes for the rest soared, the boxed options experienced two hours later with much sharing and praise from my two colleagues but the glut of the bounty left to me.
Trending light to rich alongside bold coffee both the macaroon-crisp walnut roll and reinterpreted napoleon offered serious textural contrast overlying mild flavors while traditional takes on the chocolate chip strewn blondie and dense baklava rivaled the city's best - a sentiment I can only assume to be true of the novel cream-meets-crunch Bird's Nest and a condensed milk sweetened graham and walnut butter "Honeymoon Cake" similar to the more appropriately titled "Dream" Cake at Manan.

Cozy little cafe Prices are good and wow the mocha crappy is amazing.
And their cannolis are bomb

I had the apple strudel with a white chocolate mocha and both were very delicious.
This place is family owned and usually I see the same two people when I come in.
I found it funny when I saw that they had a drive-thru window.
I could say that their espresso seems to be a higher quality in taste than Starbucks.

Such a great little cafe.
I love the decor and the tiramisu is delicious.
Its very comfortable and the people make you feel so welcome.
I'm definitely coming back!

The more I come to this place for coffee.
The more I love it.
They always know how to make the perfect coffee.

