YEAH, a Raising Cane's closer to me!
Exciting news!
Today was the grand opening for this location.
I have been counting down the days to the opening for about a month now.
I swung by today to check it out and I was pleasantly surprised.
The building itself is beautiful.
Well designed and makes the neighboring places look old in comparison.
The inside is the usual motif of all of the other Raising Cane's and looks great.
Now the important part!
The food!
I got The Box Combo and was happy as usual with my lovely lunch.
Everything tasted great and was up to the normal standards of the other Cane's I have visited.
Nothing super special, but exactly what you want when you go to Cane's.
The staff was also great as well.
Everyone was super happy and welcoming.
Everyone seemed to still be figuring out running the place, but they made up for it by being so pleasant to talk to and deal with.
On a side note, if you visit Raising Cane's regularly, sign up for their loyalty card.
They will send you lots of freebies and free Boxes through the year.
It's free, so you might as well save some moolah!

Decent chicken fingers, decent fries, good toast, good sauce, and good cole slaw.
Nothing particularly spectacular, and IMO a nearby rival chicken fingers place has more flavorful chicken and better fries.
Still, the location itself is bright, clean, and friendly.

I'm so excited that there is finally a Cane's near my house.
I went about a week after it opened around 11PM and there was nobody in line at the drive-thru.
Service was outstanding.
The kids that work here were enthused and made conversation with me.
Probably their first jobs or something because they seemed excited lol.
Everyone was cool though and the food was hot and fresh.
Cane's overall has gotten stingy with their fries.
I'm not too happy about that.
Toast could've been crispier but that's okay.
I'm happy there's finally one in my area.
Welcome!

No words to describe this yummy food!!
If I could eat it everyday, I would!
I am completely obsessed!

I came here one night after work to pick up food for dinner for me and my Honey, I was a little off-put because the line was so long but I DESPERATELY wanted Cane's so I bit the bullet.
SO GLAD I CAME TO THIS LOCATION!
i pulled to the first window and the Girl and i had some small talk about our work days and that she had a few hours left but it was busy so it was going by fast.
the second window girl was so bubbly and nice, & gave me extra ketchup when i asked without a fuss or fret.
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE IS AWESOME!
I work in customer service so I know how hard it is to be nice and bubbly after working a full shift while your job is slammed and these employees are awesome.
I might have just gotten lucky and got the great people but even so, they were great, I unfortunately cant remember their names to give them direct kudos.
and the food was great.
cane's food is always super yummy.

Drive thru line was not moving at all.
Left to In N Out.
There were at least 10 cars in line and the parking lot was otherwise empty

Canes customer service is outstanding!
All their employees are super friendly and outgoing!
Even though they are always busy they keep their customer service #1 and food is always fresh!
I live in CA and I def always try to stop by when I can because its delish!!!
Their raising canes sauce is so good!
I always order extra!!!
Stopping at Canes is a must!!

It's crazy a place with such a simple menu and its main focus being chicken fingers could be so delicious, but it is!
The chicken fingers here are fresh, never frozen.
I ordered the "3 Finger Combo" priced at $5.99 and it included 3 chicken fingers, fries, texas toast, cane's sauce and a drink.
The fingers had a great flavor and paired well with the cane's sauce.
The texas toast was delicious and tasted great in the cane's sauce too!
The fries were not that great.
I'm not usually a fan of crinkle-cut fries anyway however these were kind of too crunchy outside and too dry inside.
My hubby had the "Sandwich Combo" also priced at $5.99 that came with 3 chicken fingers, lettuce, fries, cane's sauce, a kaiser roll and drink.
He assembled the sandwich to his liking and said he really enjoyed it, but he wasn't a fan of the fries either.
One thing I wonder is why there isn't an option for spicy chicken fingers on the menu?
Maybe one day I hope!
For my drink I had the sweet tea and let me tell you... it's addicting!
The sweet tea is brewed fresh and goes so nicely with the chicken!
As with most Raising Cane's in town, the drive-thru can be long.
It's basically similar to waiting in a In-N-Out Burger drive-thru.
Since they are making everything fresh, I don't mind waiting.
The cashier was very friendly and told me about the Caniac Club where you can earn rewards with each visit.
Next time you are at a Raising Cane's just ask for a card!
Once you have your card, go online and register it and get a free "Box Combo" just for signing up!
The box combo includes everything I had in my 3 finger combo, but you get the addition of 1 more chicken finger and a side of coleslaw.
Score!
They also offer a kids meal as well "Tailgates" which are party packs of either 25, 50, 75 or 100 chicken fingers that come with sauce.

Chicken fingers, crinkle-cut fries, coleslaw and toast, that's the menu.
The fingers were good, larger than the ones at Guthrie's.
The fries were good, the toast was so-so, coleslaw (I don't like coleslaw, so I'm not one to judge, my coworkers say it's good)  The staff was great, I actually thought they were overstaffed (it's hard to tell, the kitchen was full of people, but they do catering, so some of the people might be there to support that).
Anyway, it made for a great customer experience.
They greeted me when I arrived.
The girl who took my order, delivered my food to the table when it was ready and asked if I needed anything.
The other counter girl was out cleaning tables, stopped by my table, asked how everything was, we talked a bit, she offered to refill my drink.
Again, the staff here was great.
I typically don't give 4 stars to fast food, the service here was over the top, they deserve it.
I will definitely go there again.
I can't believe the difference in customer service, between two stores of the same business.
By comparison, the Cane's at Decatur and Charleston, act as though they are doing you a favor to take your order, yell your name when it's ready, so you can go and get it and I have never had anyone ask if everything is alright, let alone offer to refill my drink.
That location would get 2 stars.

OK. Raising Cane's is just about one of my favorite places to eat at.
Way back, years ago when I lived in TN, there was a place called Sawyer's.
The owners readily admitted that they were blatantly ripping-off another restaurant (from FL, I believe).
I think they were talking about Zaxby's, but having never eaten at one, I can't be certain.
But the point is, copycat or not, they had insanely good, near-addictive food.
Then, after it was sold off, the quality took an immediate nosedive and Sawyer's closed down.
A place called Wishbone's stepped-in, opening several locations within a couple of years.
I also knew the guys who owned this place and they also readily admitted to copying Sawyer's, right down to the dipping sauce, but these guys were kind of the slimy, slumlord types and, while pretty good at first, their corner-cutting and blasé attitude quickly manifested itself in pretty crappy food and I couldn't bring myself to eat there anymore.
Then, I moved to ATL and found a burger joint called Canyons that also, while not what they were trying to be known for, had amazing (fresh, hand-breaded) chicken fingers, crinkle fries and that awesome sauce on their menu.
The burgers were quite good, but they just couldn't compare to that chicken.
Then I was banished to Carson City for far too long and nearly forgot how (if done properly) wonderful something as simple as fried chicken fingers could be.
Then, I moved to Las Vegas and discovered Raising Cane's!
Hallelujah!
This place does it just right, freshly-made chicken, crisp, hot crinkle fries, that delicious dipping sauce and a glorious side of Texas toast!
(Like with the other places, they also serve cole slaw, but that's just not my thing.
) Everything is so simple, but so perfect.
I'd eat here everyday if I could.
The food is unfalteringly-fresh and tasty and the staff have always been extremely friendly to us.
Yeah, maybe it's just fast-food fried chicken, but it is really, really good fast-food fried chicken...and exactly what I've been looking for for a long, long time now.
I'm so glad I found this place.

I've never had an issue at this Canes, great drive thru staff and my order is always on point.
Great Job at this establishment

I went to the store right after the new location opened.
Upon walking in, and up to the counter the employee was very abrupt and slightly rude.
This store does not excel at customer service.
I then placed my order and they told me they would bring it to my table when it was ready.
After waiting for 15 minutes I went back up to the counter and my food was there and ready, and they just told me "sorry, we forgot".
By this time the chicken was slighly colder than I would have liked and when talking to the manger, she did not offer to re make the chicken and get it fresh, she simply apologized and sent me on my way.
The entire experience was not a pleasent one, and I do not visit this location for Raising Canes.
I go up the the Centennial location.

Great and quick service and HOT fresh food!
Definitely will come back here again.
Great fries and very clean dining area.

Really enjoyed this place.
I've been to one other Cane's in Northern Colorado, and that one did not even compare.
This location was CLEAN.
I was so impressed to see an employee cleaning after every table emptied, and the best thing about it...they cleaned using paper towels instead of a nasty rag that's been used over and over.
Awesome!
We split the Caniac.
Six tenders, fries, Cole slaw and garlic toast.
Plenty for us.
Everything was hot and tasted fresh.
Some people do not like their Cane sauce, especially for fries, so it was nice that they provided two self serve pumps of ketchup.
Great experience.

Well.
I must say.
I'm disappointed.
Tried this place for the first time since moving to Nevada after hearing it was good for a quick stop.
Waiting quite a while in line and this very energetic fellow (Nathan) took my order.
When I got to the window, the girl was very dry and lacked personality.
Ordered 2 sprites to go with, got sprite and coke even after correcting them 3 times.
Service was slow, food was dry and didn't taste that great, bread was soggy.
Sorry Caines, you don't get my recommendation.
I'll give you guys a second chance sometime, but it'll be a while.

This has to be the best fast food chicken fingers - what makes it is their sauce tomatoey with just the right fried chicken spices.
The fries are crinkly and crispy too!

Still some good chicken fingers!
This Raising Cane's is about the same distance in the opposite direction as the one we usually go to from our house.
Funny enough, this one is right near an In-N-Out too!
Smart real estate I say, place yourself near an establishment that has a guaranteed customer base!
If you like burgers and fries, you might like fingers and fries as well!
This location is pretty consistent with any other Raising Cane's I've visited.
Same type of building, same type of décor, lots of red, lots of memorabilia, and lots of pics of dogs!
Although at the one we frequent more I do enjoy that Chuck Norris poster, always gives me a chuckle.
Come on, when Chuck Norris does a push up...he's actually pushing the earth down??
Yeah, very Zen!
Food, at least in my experience is consistent as well.
I usually stick with the Caniac Combo to share with the wifey - sub out coleslaw with an extra Texas Toast.
Six chicken fingers, large fries, toast, two Cane's Sauce, and a large drink?
Not much color for your diet, but damn near finger lickin' good!
The best way to enjoy Raising Cane's is dining in.
You can tell if you get the freshest food made in the freshest oil.
Fingers and fries will be crisp but not greasy, and the Texas Toast will have a nice crunchy crust.
Dip all this goodness in Cane's Sauce and hot sauce!
If you take Cane's to go you can sometimes get disappointed because the steam in your box can cause the fingers and fries to go soggy, and get your toast wet.
I've had it before to go and it's just not the same!
If possible do dine in!
Gotta love a place that serves Coca-Cola.
But even better, sweet tea!
Raising Cane's makes some decent non-alcoholic southern comfort in a cup.
I like to mix half sweet tea with half unsweet tea.
Not too sweet, and also saves on some empty calories.
Because when eating at Raising Cane's we all should be watching our figure!
Service was speedy and polite.
Our order was done and ready in about five minutes.
I'll be back as long as they keep up the quality of food, service, and of course the Coca-Cola!

This spot is really simple but crazy good.
I luv a good piece of chicken and the strips they do here are crispy and tender and the sauce is like crack!
The fries r crispy krinkle cut like DT and great esp.
with sauce.
Cole slaw is simple better with some sauce.
The toast is buttery and is a great contrast to the  whole meal.
Finish it up with the homemade sweet tea and thats one meal!
The only question u should have is how many do i get?
Answer: always more.. Or can I have more sauce!
I do not recommend takeout tho everything gets a lil soft.

I just love Raising Cane's.
They may not have much to offer but what they do have they do right.
Their chicken fingers are insane.
The sauce is even better.
The cole slaw is a classic style creamy slaw.
The sweet tea is the best this side of the Mississppi.
The texas toast is light and fluffy with the perfect buttery toast marks.
You really can't go wrong.
I usally get a Box Combo which is four fingers, cole slaw, fries, toast and a drink.
It is just the right amount of food and an OK price.
Maybe a little much when you consider it is just simple finger food but still worth it once you taste everything.
As a little tip, try the sauce on the fries.
I think that is even better than the sauce on the fingers.
An interesting little note, Cane's is a strong supporter of the community.
As I understand it, each store has a charity they donate too.
Some times even an entire days profit.
That is pretty cool.
As if their food wasn't good enough they give you this reason to support them as they support so many others.

everytime I come this weekend and its clean and I love the bathroom it smells like candy and the water is warm great customer service quick

This location is the best in Las Vegas.
The manager Brent is super cool and extremely helpful.
The staff is so nice and they give you a warm welcome as soon as you walk in.
The food and cleanliness of the place has never let me down.
Food is always delicious and my order is always correct and the place is constantly being cleaned.
I love coming here.

