I just happened to come across their new location on 215 and Sunset and decided to check it out.
I was pleasantly greeted by the owner when I walked in.
Their bakery was not fully stocked and operating yet so I tried one of their salads - the very berry salad was one of the tastiest and freshest salads I've had.
Love all the flavors including the strawberries and the goat cheese was really creamy yet not overpowering.
I also love that everything they make is organic and preservative free.
A bit pricey but I think it's worth it considering that it's so delicious.
I came back again today and ordered their bacon and egg pie (like a quiche) and it didn't disappoint.
My only gripe was that the slice could've been a little bit more generous.
Definitely will return again and maybe try their breakfast menu.

noticed the new business listing of Layers on Yelp.
It's almost the midpoint between the gym and the new house so why not take a peak after my morning work out.
The lay out is nothing like the related Layers in Green Valley - meaning, no seating, no display cases.
The server advised me this location is where they cook for both places.
I wanted to get a few baked items to take on the road so i didn't look at the hanging boards listing the breakfast and lunch items.
I noticed slim pickin's for the baked goods sitting on some shelving - purchased :  banana chocolate chip bread - nice banana and chocolate chip taste.
strange - the bread felt dense yet the bread was a little on the dry side.
Still, great flavor.
White chocolate chip/Rasberry Bar - delicious !
The raspberry filling tasted great !
Oatmeal with i believe caramel and chocolate chips - decent.
Moist, dense but not quite sure it all melded together.
I'll definitely try again - hope they have a larger baked goods selection.
Pics attached

This place is wonderful!
Everything is organic, and all home made.
They even make their own dressings!
I had the spring house salad with chicken, and my husband had the egg salad sandwich.
Both were delicious.
The sandwich came with a side of cole slaw.
It was the best cole slaw I've ever had in my life.
(I actually don''t really even like cole slaw!
)  The goodies looked delicious, but I figured we could come back to try those.
The owner was very informative and personable.
She just had great energy- one of those people that you want to just be around.
I wish they had more seating- and they just might- if they can get enough business to buy the space next door.
So go in there and try it!
There's no way you won't like it!

When you are a fairly new business, you should never turn away a customer if you leave the door unlocked after closing time.
Just popped in there to see what they had and I realized after I opened the door that it was after their business hours.
When they looked at me funny I said "oh are you closed" "yeah we're closed" was the reply.
Won't be going back there to rate the food.
Too bad, looked like a cute little place.
Should have at least let me come in to see what they had.

I had one of the best cupcakes EVER at the other Layers location, so I was excited to have this new location closer to my work.
On my initial visit, I was disappointed when I walked in and saw very little as far as baked sweets.
I ended up getting a chicken salad wrap.
I personally did not care for the curried mayo, and unfortunately the sandwich can not be made without it.
The service was friendly and the portion was good sized.
I found the prices a little high, over $9 for a wrap which came with a small salad that was just greens and a couple slices of strawberry (I will say that the made-in-house dressing was excellent).
This did not stop me from making another visit a couple months later.
On my second visit I had the cafe croissant, which is a turkey, bacon and cheddar cheese sandwich on, you guessed it, a croissant.
This was an excellent sandwich, everything tasted fresh and the flavors complimented each other well.
Again it was over $9 for the sandwich and side salad, but it was a very filling meal.
I hope that Layers is someday able to expand and offer up more baked goods at this location.
I can not rate a business that calls itself a 'Bakery Cafe' more than 3 stars when the multiple times I have gone in for delicious sweet baked goods have left me disappointed.

Yummy!
Gluten free food!
Just as good as the Henderson location.

I'm so happy we have a Layers in Summerlin!
They made 12 dozen cookies for our company Rebel Reading Challenge student celebration.
The butter cookies were custom designed as books with "Read!
" on them in glitter icing.
They made this happen with only 3 day notice and were absolutely delicious.

