These guys are great.
unfortunately the staff changes so much due to the environment but other than that I've always gotten great service from here.

I was not happy with my experience today.
I got picked up at the auto repair shop and driven to the Enterprise store.
At the store I was quoted a daily rate higher than they had said the night before on the phone.
(Also quoted without the taxes so it was another $7 higher than expected at checkout.
)  When I declined the expensive insurance coverage the girl tried again to sell it by explaining how my own coverage was lacking.
Again I declined, but she seemed to think I was offended and said "Its my job, its not meant to be offensive.
"  I wasn't offended, I know they're on commission.
She noted the gas level at 3/8 but I didn't bother to check it myself.
I returned the car after driving home, to work and to a gas station after work on the way back to Enterprise.
I noticed the gas gauge was now at 1/2 tank but I put in 1.1 gallons, $3.75, because I'd driven less than 30 miles.
At the store the same girl said she was going outside to check the mileage, came back in and wanted me to bring the gas level up to 3/8 again.
When I told her I'd driven under 30 miles she said she'd "take car of it this time.
"  I think I got one smile from her when she had picked me up in the morning and nothing but a blank face after that.
She wasn't rude but I was uncomfortable with how I was treated.
The other counter person was a very nice guy but a 3rd worker kept making bad jokes and when he drove me back to the repair shop his body odor was kinda noticeable.
But it was very hot and I think he was the outside worker.
Overall it wasn't horrible service but I took the time to write this because I didn't like having my word questioned about the gas mileage.
I wont use that store again.

When I got to town I looked online for a rental car because I had taken the train here.
I decided to go with Enterprise.
My daughter recommended the office at Alma School and Broadway because she had used them in the past so I entered that location as my choice  The website said that they had free pick up and drop off so I called them up and asked for a ride over there, which is only about a mile north.
They said they would have to call me back when someone was going to head over.
I had an appointment an hour and a half later which was plenty of time.
I NEVER heard back from them.
I finally called THIS location about a mile south of me, explained the situation which at this point I only had maybe half an hour to get to my appointment.
This location on Baseline was very understanding and very efficient.
They sent someone over within 15 minutes, zooming me down to the office, had me fill out the paperwork quickly and I was on my way in a Dodge Avenger to my appointment which fortunately wasn't very far.
So if you need a rental car with a pickup, call this location on Baseline.
Even though I had a car reserved at the Broadway location and had called for a ride, they never, ever called or came to my location to get me.
They lost out on what is now an over three month rental.
When it turned out I was going to be here for over a week this office switched me to a monthly rate which I have been on since I got here .
I noticed they didn't have very good reviews and I mention that to the manager, Dustin.
He told me he had just become the manager 2 weeks earlier and that things were improving, which I can totally concur with.
I've been in a couple times to renew the car for my  extended visit and have encountered nothing but cheerfulness, helpfulness and efficiency on each visit.
They have kept in good communication, calling to remind me when I need to go in.
When my credit card expired and I had to get a new one they were patient and waited a day or two to charge me.
If I encounter any problems when I turn the car in I will update this but so far, all is good!

Great location, excellent employees and nice cars.

