First time here and loved it!
They did a great job, attended to me quickly, and were very polite!
The facility is very clean and sanitary.
I will be back.

Came here for a gel manicure a few months ago.
Tammy did a great job and the manicure lasted almost two weeks (normal for me-I have never had a gel manicure last more than 12 days without starting to chip or peel).
She listened to what I wanted and did an awesome job unlike many other places!

Very disappointed.
Uneven, lopsided, sloppy nails.
Glue all over my fingers.
Will not be visiting again and tempted to return and ask for my $40 back.

They always have great service.
I have tried other salons and they just never compare.
Ji is awesome!!!
I have been going to him for years.
They have the best massage chairs and lots of selection of nail tips and gel colors.
You must try this place!!!
You won't go anywhere else.

Honestly for a pretty and simple gel manicure I go to lisa.
I have bad OCD so if my nails don't look great after a service I'll never go back.
Lisa is amazing she always leaves my nails looking even and we'll manicured.
Other than that I have observed some of the other technicians not being friendly and really rushed.
I am a supervisor and know how important it is to manage your time efficiently, but when you have a person in front of you, you should remain calm.
Also, some of the younger girls at the front desk can come off a bit as rude.
Customer service experience can definitely improve.
I recommended one of my coworkers to polished and she absolutely hated the services.
She said her technician made no attempt to small talk and just chatted with the girl next to him the whole time.
She was pissed because he acted like she was just a pair of hands he was working on.
She was expecting a better experience for the price.
She'll never be back and I'll never recommend anyone else.
They should up their game and should make the pricing info on their website more detailed.
Just saying!
I'll stick around only for Lisa.

Got a gel manicure and had a short amount of time-quick, normal pricing, laid back atmosphere.
Their gel selection was nice and large giving me ample selection choices.
I would definitely go there again!

Ask for Peter!
Definitely coming back to see him, he does your nails exactly to your liking!

Was my first time here.
I got a Simple paint on toes, white tip.
Had a Nice guy, he was Quick & very easy.
Highly recommend to others.
Clean spot.
A+++++

Gone here for pedicures and white tips with gel polish and love everything.
Been other places and nothing compares to here.
I will only come here from here on out!

I've been coming to Nailand for about a year now.
They're always super-accommodating, have a huge selection of gel polish, and just do a really great job.
The pedicure chairs are very comfy and the salon is neat and clean.
Ask for Tammy; she's the best!

I walked in and got a pedi, staff were nice especially the two women.
The place is cozy, however I guess it's spring that's why it was quite hot.
Anyway, it's awesome they have a wide selection of polish!
These chairs with back massage available is so cool!
Price is reasonable, I got a basic pedicure at $20.
If I'm not mistaken, some staff can speak Mandarin.
Cool!
Will definitely be back.

Disappointing ...
Came in for a pedicure and left with a drippy polish job and bruises on my legs .
Idk what the guys name was but I said "ouch" more than once when he's was "massaging" my legs .
I told him it was way too rough...
It was painful actually.
2 days later I have a huge bruise on my leg..
I'm going into the salon today to talk to the manager...
Very upsetting to have bruises from a massage.
Stay away from this place or at least stay away from the male manicurist.
Giving it 2 stars instead of 1 because the place was clean, no appt necessary, the prices are cheap and I may have had a better experience with a different manicurist,

There is no other person in town that does nails like Peter!
I travel 30 minutes to get there and I will keep going there.
I have never had any other person do my nails here but I'm sure the other nail techs are ok.

