Delicious food, Nice combination of Mediterranean, Indian /Pakistani Food.
Low prices, clean restaurant and good customer service.

The chicken seekh kabob is very moist, tender and absolutely delicious.
The mint chutney is very rich and flavorful.
I also tried the chicken karahi which is so yummy.
The prize is very cheap and reasonable.
Plus, the staff is friendly!

so nice.........halal food on the strip.........un believable...specially their chicken carrahi is awesome

My husband and I split a #7 combo (both beef) and dined in.
We had our 1 year old with us, and no high chair was in sight.
I even asked the lady who was cleaning up the dining area, and she said 'one minute' and then never did anything.
So, we had a 1 year old boy trying to walk around, climb down from the booth, etc.
I was less than pleased..
The guy at the front counter who took our order and brought us our food was kind.
Our kabobs were a good size and came with a side salad, rice, and bread.
Everything was pretty tasty.
The bread was super hot and fresh.
He also gave us a bottle of this green, slightly spicy sauce with our food which was awesome.
I gave 3 stars because I was so annoyed over the fact that they blatantly disregarded our need for a high chair.
Even if they didn't have one, a staff member could have at least let us know.
And it's a little pricey for the amount of food you get.

Kabob N More is a casual restaurant that serves fresh, made to order Indian and Pakastani food for reasonable prices (meals starting at $6.99).
The meat is halal for those that have dietary restrictions.
One of the owners told me the restaurant has only been open 4mos.
I ordered a very tasty Chana ki Daal, which is a vegetarian curry stew made with garbanzo-like beans.
I ordered it with rice and naan and it also came with a small salad and raita (yogurt sauce).
The serving was huge and could've fed two people.
The salad didn't have much dressing or lemon juice so I just added the raita to it and that did the trick.
Overall, I was really happy to have found this place.
I was also happy to see they had a sink in the eating area to wash your hands.
It must seem weird to some but I often hate having to go to a dirty restroom to wash my hands, especially for food that is usually eaten with your hands.
And, just to be complete, here are a couple of downsides of this place: 1) there was a TV or stereo in each room that was playing it's own music, so that was a bit distracting 2) the interior looked a bit plain and unfinished in the decor but the place is still new so I imagine this is only temporary 3) the food is served on styrofoam, it would be nice if they used something more earth-friendly

Not a bad place.
The food serving size is average.
I got a seekh kebab and a beef kebab (something like boti or tikka?).
Both were flavorful but not much food, for $12.99.
I guess its expensive because it is halal, but that does not mean anything to me.
I can't give more than 2 stars because it is not a great value; the service is just OK, my order came out wrong the first time around so I was annoyed because I was hungry and it took over 15 mins.
; AND the food is too spicy.
I love spicy food.
I know I can take a lot of heat, and know enough about Scoville units.
This place, while the food is flavorful with exotic tastes and spices, makes their food too spicy to be beyond what normal people expect.
I can give 3 stars but that would mean I am saying it is good and just right.
The food is good and flavorful, BUT too spicy, so in good conscience I cannot give it a 3 star rating and then people will think it's great then get their tongues burned.
AND they refill drinks for a buck more, and no water offered.

This place was horrid.
The two guys were arguing with one another as we walked in, thus ignoring us for a while.
There was tons of dirt and trash under the tables that one of the employees began sweeping everywhere.
I can't believe this all happened.
Never again for me.

This place is the worst place I have been to in a while.
It seems like the guy that was handling cash was trying to make money off of us for every little thing.
The signs all on the strip and everywhere in the front clearly has a meal that includes rice and salad in the picture for 6.99 but the guy said that they don't do that any more.
And on top of the that they added an extra dollar charge inside.
So why do you guys still have the sign up?!
The meals on the menu have "all the kabobs come with sides" and yet the guy wants to charge us more for sides.
They have a outdated menu which they do not honor.
The customer service is horrible.
It's pretty much no service or the bare minimum to get the customers money.
I do no recommend coming to this place at all.

Where to begin...
I am a long time yelp user, but I have never written a review before now.
This place is so bad that I had to sign up just so I can give it one star.
I wish I could give it zero.
It took almost an hr to get the food and although they say it's made fresh, it was definitely not worth the hr wait.
The cashier guy even tried to rip us off by adding extra charges for items that are advertised on their menu to come with the dish.
when confronted he just quickly gave us $1 (suppose to be $1.49) to shut us up and had the audacity to expect a tip.
Very poor customer service and food was below average and highly overpriced.
The rant could continue, but I'll leave it with this warning: the taco place next door is amazing, and even though the line is intimidating GO THERE.
AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS

If you want to meet a rude cashier n  staff go visit this place.
food is very lame n tasteless .

Really yummy kebab.
Really nice people and great service.
It was a nice place to sit after a long morning at the Las Vegas convention center.
Only a 15 minute walk each away from the convention center or a five dollar cab ride.

This is the worst restaurant I have EVER been to.
I would give it negative stars if it was possible.
Very unprofessional, food was horrible, and overall experience was horrible.
I would avoid this place at all costs.
I would eat dirt before I eat at this place again.

Excellent food, reasonable price, quick service, neat and clean, and its HALAL.
What else you want.

Owner very friendly.
food very good and not expensive, I tried their chicken pizza and the dough was just amazing.
I will definitely come back again and will recommend this place.

Worst food ever!!!
The service is terrible and the food is awful!!
We ordered the beef kebab and what we got was a dry too salty beef, 2 spoon of dry and old rice and 3 leaf of salad.
Worst middle eastern food I ever got!

BAD SERVICE.
Is it possible to give negative stars?
My family and I came in for lunch and the owner was very rude.
When I asked a question about the menu, he had a bad attitude.
He raised his voice at me when I told him I didnt receive the plate of rice I ordered.
The food was not good We ordered pizza, kabobs, salad, chicken tikka masala.
And another chicken dish.
No one like their food.
I would never come back here again and hope I  can save someone  from a horrible experience.
Go somewhere else!

We were walking back to the hotel and decided just to stop and try some place.
This is a small restaurant.
There were a few people in there so we decided to try it.
We ended up ordering a chicken pizza, go figure.
It took almost 30 minutes!!
The pizza turned out to be ok.
The owner/person at the cash register was really rude though.
He didn't seem to care and was like he was bothered that we couldn't decide what we wanted.
I didn't try any of the other food, we ended up taking the pizza to go.
The food wasn't that great where I would put up with the owner's rudeness.
I would rather give my money to someone who actually wants my business

