We went here today for their "soft opening", since we work next door to the restaurant.
100% of the proceeds today went to St. Mary's Food Bank.
What an incredible idea to get your staff trained and get people talking about your place!
We were greeted and seated within the first 3 minutes of entering the restaurant.
Our waitresses (one was in training, and one was here from San Diego to help) were at our table very quickly and ready to tell us all about the place.
Very friendly and helpful service!
We were happy to listen as they told us that Snooze likes to use local ingredients, which was a huge plus!
They have a great variety of food items to choose from...I went with the Spuds Deluxe, which was a huge pile of hashbrowns cooked perfectly and topped with cheeses, scallions and two "mixings" of your choice.
I chose wild mushrooms and bacon.
Delicious!
My coworkers enjoyed the pancake of the day (strawberry shortcake) and the breakfast burrito.
I tasted both and they were amazing.
ESPECIALLY the burrito.
It was HUGE and tasty.
The prices are also reasonable.
I'll save giving it a 5 star review until the hype wears off and they are open for awhile, but I have a feeling it's going to go nowhere but up.
Very impressed.
We will definitely go here again.
Probably quite often!

Thank you SNOOZE!
Food was delicious and service was fantastic!
Atmosphere nails it with fun, light, bright, airy, retro with perfect combination of booths, tables and bar.
Pineapple upside side down pancake was yummy and not too sweet, classic Ham Benedict with shaved hickory ham,perfectly poached eggs and hollandaise will bring us back again and again!

Fantastic new restaurant!
Great selection of breakfast items: I had the pancake flight where you pick three pancake flavors.
I chose cinnamon roll, pineapple upside down cake and sweet potato!
The servers are friendly and very quick, in spite of the fact that this place is always busy.
This location is big; although there were many people here, there was no wait.
I will definitely come back to Snooze.
My whole family was in shock over how delicious their breakfast was.
Incredible food, pleasant servers and no wait!
Another plus: the sinks in the bathroom are cool and unique!
Definitely try this place out.

Everything about Snooze is fantastic.
My 10-year-old is super-picky and even he said his blueberry pancake was "very, very delicious.
" They served fresh-squeezed apple cider with his kid's meal!
My chilaquile Benedict was amazing, but even better was the fact that you can mix and match!
So, I had half chilaquile and half Havana Benny- best breakfast ever!
We don't eat meat, but they offer substitutes and the waitress suggested avocado with the Havana Benny- great combination!
There are just so many wonderful choices on the menu- it is tough to decide!
Phoenix, you are so fortunate to have a Snooze!

even though it is nice to have a new eatery in the neighborhood...and we wish them good luck..they need to work on the food.. nice waitress but she was even embarrassed....took forever for order to arrive and not all in party were served at the same time...food was tasteless...hashbrowns just bronw on outside..raw on inside..other foods cheese was burned...sandwich tasteless..not sure what ingredients the chef used in that ruben but it was a gagger...  waitress tried to resolve with chef but no relief was offered...businesses are built on return customers and referrals..but I don't see us returning there or making positive referrals..sorry  UPDATE: Others in the party contacted the restaurant.
The management/owners?
contacted her .
They were very receptive to the comments and critique and our concerns and wanted to make it right.
People in our party will try the new place again (ON THE HOUSE) and hope that event was just a fluke.
Hope the new restaurant continues to try and improve service and food.

This is the next hit restaurant.
It will pass up LGO as the place to be.
The atmosphere is reminiscent of yesteryear's neighborhood diner, but with a hip accent and novel menu.
The breakfast burrito is legit and the pancake specials will keep you coming back.
I can't remember ever not being able to finish my breakfast but this one beat me.
More important- it is a fantastic tasting meal.
Highly recommend and can't wait to go back.

Love the setting and the fresh new way eggs and pancakes are presented.
Options galore... You won't be disappointed!

I love cute, hip breakfast places and snooze is definitely working in bring a cute hip breakfast spot, even if it's not quite there yet.
Cool decor.
Awesome patio and open-air bar seating.
Good selection of mimosas and bloody Mary's ($6-8 each).
Food looked good, even though we didn't order anything.
Good location at the old Town and country mall, but I wish it were closer to central.
Staff was friendly, but definitely still working out the kinks.
We had quite a wait for two mimosas and a beer.
Overall, I'm giving Snooze the benefit if the doubt and I will definitely be back to sample the menu.
Ps, I don't know if it will ever make it to five star status since it's part if a CA/CO chain.

We were excited to try a new independent restaurant in the neighborhood, but we ended up a bit disappointed.
We we understanding of the wait on a holiday weekend, but it took nearly 45 minutes to get our food once we ordered.
Good news....we did enjoy the food once it arrived.
The management handled the situation very well, because of this we will likely try them again, but there seem to be a lot of bugs to work out!

Had the pancake flight which was amazing.
My favorite was the sweet potato pancake.
They have the most amazing Benedict's yum.
Try the Bella Bella it's to die for with prociutto and balsamic reduction.
Definitely best Benedict in town!

This new breakfast restaurant from Colorado is awe...some...
I was super impressed, and the husband was too.
I almost don't want to tell anyone because I don't want to have to wait for hours to eat here (ha.).
So, to start, the restaurant is decorated cutely, definitely not reminiscent of the souper salad or whatever that was there before.
We sat down and read the story of their coffee...I guess the owner went to Guatemala and personally picked out the coffee they use....pretty cool stuff, also was tasty.
Then our waitress came by to see if we were ready, I told her I was between two things, and she said, oh well that's great because we order half and half anything for the same price....I was flabbergasted.
What?!?!
Yup.
You can get half pancakes half tacos or two different types of benedict or half french toast half benedict or whatever.....that is the coolest thing ever!!!!
I love variety, so this kinda rocked my socks.
I ended up ordering half harvest bene and half chilaquiles bene.
The husband got the pineapple upside down pancakes (PS you can get flights of pancakes...3 different types....ahhhh!).
The harvest bene was good, had a goat cheese polenta cake, leeks, other fresh veg...with a perfectly poached egg and hollandaise.
As good as that was, the chilaquiles was Ah mazing!
Delicious roasted beef barbacoa, spicy tomato pico, another perfectly poached egg and a cheddar hollandaise....it was heaven on a plate.
Even the potatoes were good (and I'm not a huge breakfast potato fan).
The husband loved his pineapple pancakes....he said they were the best pancakes he's had in town...to quote him 'these pancakes were better than any I had on any Hawaiian island.
' I will definitely be back and if it's consistently this good, it will be a five star for sure.

So I've stood in line for an hour before to eat at the Denver location of Snooze.
I was so excited to learn that they were coming to Phoenix (and appear to be planning on opening another location in the Valley as well).
Finally got to go today and was not disappointed!
As others have mentioned, you can get half orders of meals in order to try a couple different things.
I think that's pretty amazing in itself.
Their pancakes are creative and incredible.
Today's pancake of the day was white chocolate cherry and oh my lord, it was sensational.
If you order food that isn't pancakes, you can also order a small pancake of your choice to have on the side so as to sample it without ordering a huge one.
The staff was genuine and appreciative of our business.
The waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to answer every question we had.
She had informed the manager that we had been to the Denver location and the manager came over to welcome us and chat a bit.
We felt like VIP's during our very first trip to this location!
I honestly can't recommend this place enough.
I missed it so much after moving back from Denver and I can honestly say that I'll be a regular at Snooze.
I'm going to bring as many people as I can too.
Everyone should experience this place.

My first time eating at Snooze was in San Diego - a highlight of that vacation - so I was beyond excited to see them land in Phoenix, too!
The menu is genius, really there is something for every taste.
I'm a savory breakfast foods fan, but the pineapple upside down or blueberry danish pancake could change my mind again and again.

If you are looking for a healthy breakfast spot, this is the place.
Food was amazing, portions were very large and the service was great.
If you get there before 9 on the weekend, there is no waiting either.
This place has only been open for a short time but you can't tell my the line of folks waiting for a table.

I love a good breakfast and double points for having a great environment including the music (i.e.
Snow Patrol, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Metric) playing.
I had the Sam I am Sandwich on the pretzel bread (don't want to think about the calories) that comes with a spicy hollandaise- D-lish!
the soy latte was really great as well  will definitely be frequenting this place

Just back from my first visit to Snooze.. First let me start off with the good.
Nice job on the physical part of the restaurant.
It looks very cute and trendy.
You could never tell the space used to be a "Souper Salads" location.
My one suggestion is for the half walls in the back section.
I was dining solo and seated next to the half wall.
It makes you feel like you are hidden in a box.
In my opinion, it would be better if it was a little shorter so you could see over it to watch the rest of the restaurant.
Service--my server today was "server queen" (what is up with the corny names?
) She was friendly, but not exactly helpful.
I had done my homework by reading here at yelp before visiting.
I made sure to mention right away that I was a "first timer", and her only response was to give me more time to look over the menu.
I witnessed another waitress give her table a good menu tour.
When server queen came back for my order, I mentioned that I couldn't decide between something "eggy" or something sweet.
She then mentioned the half and half option.
( I already knew about it, but was waiting to see if she would mention it).
I ordered a half portion of eggs benedict and a half portion of the pineapple upside down pancakes.
Food--After a reasonable amount of time, my food arrived.
There were two plates, one with the pancake, and another with the bene and hashbrowns.
The food runner even mentioned to be careful because the bene plate was warm.
It looked great.
I cut into the benedict--the poached egg was cooked perfect---firm white and soft, runny yolk.
Unfortunately, the whole benedict was barely warm--same for the hashbrowns.
The menu stated it had a "smoked cheddar hollandaise".
If there was any smoke or cheddar flavor, it was undetectable.
It was a very good hollandaise, just lacking the afore mentioned flavors.
Next, I tried the pineapple upside down pancake.
The menu for this quoted "Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes Buttermilk pancakes with caramelized pineapple chunks, housemade vanilla crème anglaise and cinnamon butter".
It had sounded decadent to a sweettooth fanatic.
Again, the flavors were very good, but the pineapple chunks were not caramelized at all.
Their pale yellow color appeared to be straight out of the can.
When Server Queen came back to check on things, I asked her if she wanted honest feedback to which she said yes.
I mentioned these things to her (temperature of the bene plate and lack of caramelization) and told her I just wanted to let her know so she could make her manager aware.
While I did see the manager walking thru the restaurant several times, I did not see her stop by and/or talk to any customers at any time.
Needless to say, I did not get a visit to apologize anything.
When my check arrived, there was nothing done to make up for the short comings.
I did not voice my concerns to get something discounted, but as a restaurant manager, I would want to know of anything wrong so I could hopefully fix the problem.
I paid my bill (just over $15 with tip for a single breakfast.
) I don't mind paying that much, but I do expect some acknowledgement when I voice a concern.
As I was leaving, there was the manager and 3-4 employees standing at the front cash stand talking, and not one stopped their conversation to acknowledge my departure and/or say "thanks, come again"..  Bottom line--I will return because this place has definite potential.
They just need to work out some more of the kinks and work on the customer service.
PS..
I looked all over their website to try to find a link to email the company directly, but couldn't find any  place for comments or a link to email them.

Retro meets modern twist on breakfast...where to start..
I arrived at 6.45, not realizing they open at 7am on the weekends, but the hostess was kind enough to open the doors early (which they did not have to do, even tho it was an unusual 35 degrees here in AZ)..I was actually going to have coffee & normally do not but it was an early morning.
Needless to say I did NOT have the coffee because as soon as I saw they offered loose leaf tea - sold...outside if a tea/coffee shop, how many restaurants offer loose leaf tea?...I also had AJ and was pleasantly surprised again that they brought unfiltered apple juice (bonus points in my book)...Withiut going into more detail than I already have, they have a variety of breakfast items but the specialty is pancakes even offering a custom variety order of 3 (thus u can get 3 different flavored pancakes), they didn't have banana pancakes on the menu, a bit bummed as I relayed that to the waitress but plenty of others to choose from...however after settling on a blueberry Danish pancake, the cook came out with a banana pancake drizzled with chocolate, caramel & powdered sugar!
- extremely shocked and amazed that they made me A special pancake, which ease note that their "large" size pancakes are a meal in themselves-Delicious!
You can also place HALF orders on almost any item on the menu, as I had a half order of the "neat" fen echo toast which was even better than the pancake....along with two eggs over easy and some rye toast, I always want more than I can eat....along with an extremely friendly, happy and informative wait staff, not overly or underly attentive...my only criticism is that I wish this place was closer to chandler!

I so wanted to fall in love with the cuteness of this place but unfortunately I walked out pissed off & underwhelmed.
First off, 30-45 min wait.. Not worth it.
They might give you complimentary coffee but then they charge you on your bill $5!!!
The server said I had the coffee at my table?!
Yeah, I just poured a cup!!!!
While I waited, why wouldn't I bring it to my table?
Who charges 2.50 a cup anyway?
Coffee is free refills at Overeasy ( best bkfst) .
Dried up chicken sausage and blueberry Danish pancakes was very underwhelming.
Will not be returning.

Ok...four of us for breakfast, on a busy Saturday morning.
Our server was pleasant.
Beverage orders were delivered quickly, breakfast orders were placed.
Three of our plates arrived.
The fourth "is coming right out".
Our server came by to ask how everything was..."fine, but we are still missing the fourth dish".
She did not seem concerned nor did she apologize.
The hostess/floor manager came to say that the order was coming out shortly.
She did apologize for the delay.
The fourth item finally arrived about 10 to 15 minutes after the first plates were delivered.
The up side was that the food was very good and they comped the delayed fourth plate.
The down side is the lack of concern shown by the server and that we had to ask for coffee refills.

Not real impressed.
When you go here don't be hungry.
By the time you get your food, you will be.
Once our food came it was cold.
I watched 2 women near us waiting for their food as long as we did.
They screwed up their order 3 times.
On the bright side the tea was good except they over charged us for it.
This was my 2nd time here.
Doubt there will be a third

Good - I like the decor.
The staff seated us quickly.
The menu has some very tasty items.
Bad - no paper towels in the men's restrooms.
Makes a person wonder about the staff hygiene issues...
Asked for a straw with my water & got a condescending "we try to conserve" from the server.
She never produced the straw...had ask another staff member & he produced them with them in his bare hands.
Gross!
Coffee was good but could have enjoyed more without all of the coffee grinds at the bottom of my cup...grr!
Mentioned it to my server...only got a apology.
Any manger will tell that coffee should have been comped...  Sausage was cold.
While portions were adequate, it didn't make up for the poor service.

In town on business.
Happened across Snooze - an AM eatery.
They do breakfast right.
Had the hot chocolate.
Their own brew.
Out of this world.
Then had the pancake of the day a wild southwest concoction I never dreamed would work.
It was a buttermilk base pancake with bacon covered with a maple syrup infused with roasted jalepenos then drizzled with cream cheese drizzle.
Unbelievable!
My server Chelsea was awesome.
Great start to a great day.
The breakfast only concept reminded me of Eggs and Things inWaikiki.
Why serve anything other than breakfast?
Will make it a planned destination when I return to Phoenix area

The Sandwhich I Am is amazing!
Hash browns are addicting!
Get the pancake flight.
Great service and awesome decor.
This is a HUGE plus for our neighborhood.
Will continue to go back

So, Snooze, huh?
First of all, as much as I love my mornings, I have an equal and dedicated love with the "snooze" button.
So, immediately, all I can think is "I can relate..."!
The atmosphere is absolutely perfect.
Adorable and authentic.
Diverse and yet coordinated and well put together.
The energy is consistent.
As in, the host was as personable and upbeat as the server without overdoing it... Because let's be honest here, there's a line between authentic "radness" and "I'm full of shit and trying way too hard to be perky for a good tip" radness.
And let's talk about how great it is, that although there's a wait, you can walk right in to a complimentary cup of their fresh brewed Guatemalan coffee!!
Now, I like my coffee untainted by sugars and creamers and the verdict is clear...
They clearly drink this stuff in heaven.
Our wait wasn't too painful.
A little longer than I necessarily expected, given the size of the crowd.
However, it being a new restaurant and such a pleasure to be inside of, the table turnover wasn't as quick as some other places in Phoenix, i.e.
"Matts Big Breakfast", that keeps you coming back because the food is phenomenal, but is so small that once you're done eating, it's time to dash before you get a rash on your arm from rubbing elbows with the folks at the table next to yours.
Anyway, THE FOOD!
Because it's all about the food, right?
Oh.
My.
God.
I am a true junkie when it comes to French Toast and it's the first thing I try everywhere I go for breakfast, if of course they offer it.
Not only does "Snooze" offer it, but they offer TWO variations of it, which I'm not sure I have ever seen anywhere else before, aside from your chains like IHOP etc.
The "OMG French Toast", stuffed with marscapone and topped with cinnamon, strawberries, vanilla, and...
Wait for it...
Coconut!..
Which almost threw me off from ordering it, because I'm generally not a fan, but I went for it.
And I'm so glad that I did!!
!This stuff is appropriately named, because there are TRULY no other words.
Absolutely fantastic.!!
Now, unfortunately, my 5th star was lost because the food did take a little longer than I think it should ever take for food to come out and it was a little soggy as if it may have been sitting on the line a tad bit longer than it should've been.
I'm not going to say it was cold, because it wasn't.
However, it wasn't as warm as I would've liked for it to be.
Again, all of this is still MINIMAL for a brand new place just getting it's feet on the ground.
Yes, I've applied for a serving position at this spot.
But, to be fair, this review isn't ONLY because I'm hoping like hell that they will hire me, but because this is a WONDERFUL addition to Central Phoenix for breakfast and brunch.
I will have to check out their lunch menu as well in order to post a review about that aspect, but overall, aside from Matt's which has been in my own humble opinion, the best breakfast ONLY joint in Phoenix for years and Windsor's breakfast/brunch on weekends, Snooze is quickly behind and I have a feeling, is going to DOMINATE the morning scene sooner than later.
Now it's time to head home and snooze... Saturday "after breakfast naptime".

We stopped in this morning for breakfast to find a beautiful restaurant with friendly staff.
We were seated immediately and offered menus.
The menu is what you might expect for a breakfast place, but what caught my eye was the Ham Benedict, served with two English muffins topped with shaved hickory smoked ham, perfectly poached Niman Ranch Cage Free Eggs and smoked cheddar hollandaise.
As much as I love egg Benedict I almost hate to order it as it mostly gets served with a day old english muffins and gloopy hollandaise.
Not at Snooze, the muffin was perfectly fresh and buttery, poached egg cooked to perfection and the hollandaise was delicious.
I am Not sure what is up with the mixed reviews here, but I am sure if Snooze is not to your liking, you will always be welcomed at Denny's.
Snooze is a welcome addition to the Town and Country Shopping Center.

Went an a Sunday at 10:30am We had a large group (10) people, so it took over an hour to seat us.
I expected this, so not a negative, just providing some insight.
They seated half our group, then the other half about 10 minutes later.
Complimentary coffee while waiting is nice and the option to order a Bloody Mary or Mimosa, also a plus.
I consider most breakfast joints very similar, so I'll go over the highlights  of this new venture:  Host and other staff were friendly.
Manager type person seating a couple at the counter where I was waiting on a couple of Blood Mary cocktails, not so friendly.
They could add a sign at the end of counter that says "walk up drink orders" and probably help out everyone.
Breakfast cocktail selection was very good as well.
We tried the Gazpacho Bloody with pepper vodka and it was very tasty.
Great and varied menu.
Creative offerings and the food itself was very good!
We tried a number of things.
The highlights included the Pancake flight, allowing you to mix and match three different pancakes.
Breakfast Pot Pie was delicious and filling.
They also had some tasty options for our non carnivore friend as well.
Regarding the comment about no paper towels in the bathroom.
The faucet has a built in Dyson Blade air hand dryer.
The only downside is if you are not familiar with this device you would benefit from reading the "how-to" they have posted right next to the sink.
Although I can certainly empathize that the last thing one might want to do on a Sunday morning breakfast is have to read instructions on how to dry one's hands!
:)  All and all, good experience, great food.
Would I go back?
Yes.

The food here is extraordinary.
I had the chilaquiles benedict and they were swoon worthy.
I did not give it 5 stars because the noise level in the restaurant is painful.
I have slight hearing loss (as do many of us) and the ambient noise is magnified and conversation is impossible.
If noise is not an issue for you, I am sure you will give it 5 stars.

Went on Sunday at 8:30.
There was a line up for tables on the inside.
They asked if we would like to go outside.
They had heaters going and it was most pleasant on the patio.
As others have mentioned, the ambient noise in the main restaurant is loud.
It was much quieter on the patio.
The background music was a bit loud.
We asked one of the servers to lower the level which they were most happy to do so.
Now....to the food!
I had the breakfast burrito.
I think one of these would be enough for THREE people.
It was huge!
Enough for breakfast for the next two days.
The wait staff were very attentive, refilling our coffee numerous times.
I was impressed that the food runner came out with our plates and without asking, placed all the orders correctly.
No asking who gets this.
Will definitely go back again!

After waiting for 30 mins for a table and another 40 for food we left when we were told It would be awhile for our food because the kitchen was so backed up.
Many employees talking to customers but apparently none who can cook.
None of the tables around us had food.
Don't go unless you have a few hours to wait for a couple eggs.

All breakfast-focused eateries has to be compared to Matt's Big Breakfast, and Snooze is a worthy contender.
Snooze just opened and is really popular.
We suffered through a 45 minute wait for two.
Gave them my cell phone saying they would text me when a table was ready.
This works better than the buzzer system because it give us range to explore Town & Contry Shopping Center.
I settled on the tasty Breakfast Pot Pie with a cup-shape of hash browns.
Yes, a cup   Every other hash brown I had was low and float like a pancake.
Snooze's hash brown was in the shape of a small bowl.
Whatever the shape, it was good!
Snooze is busy, slow (in service)  and loud.
Still, I like this place.
They have a number of menu items I would like to try when I return.
To get to five stars, tighten up the service (which was slow) and find a way to lighten up on the noise and we got something pretty special here.

Great place!
Fun atmosphere, fresh and local when available!
Made the breakfast tacos vegan and they were awesome!
Have tried to go back and the wait has kept us away but hoping to go back once the buzz has calmed.
Yum!

I am always up for a good breakfast place and Snooze AM Eatery is no exception.
They've been open for about three weeks now, and they are definitely doing something right.
Luckily, when I went by with a colleague on Friday morning, we just missed the rush; there was only a few minute wait to get seated at around 9:30am.
The name "Snooze," may conjure up the image of someone sleeping in, but the staff at this place is high energy and full of smiles.
The hostess, server, and all of the staff we encountered were super friendly.
The atmosphere is bright and cheery -- clean too.
Our coffee and water were constantly being refilled and our food arrived pretty quickly after we ordered as well.
I had an omelette with egg whites, spinach, mushroom and jack cheese with tomatoes and multi-grain toast.
I know, I know... boring but healthy and made just right.
I was a happy camper.
My dining companion had the Upstream Benny.
We also shared a side of the signature "Sweet Potato Pancake.
"  Mmmmmmmm - I highly recommend it!
I don't know that I'd go wait in line to eat at Snooze on the weekend, but I totally recommend it as a weekday option.
I noticed they have plenty of bar seating - a nice option for anyone that may be dining solo.
Seeing that this is their 9th location (they've got several in Colorado and California), I have a feeling this place will do just fine and I look forward to returning sometime soon!

Ok, just back from my second visit.
After my first visit and review, I received/exchanged a few emails with the manager.
It appears that she/they are very open to feedback and interested in improving.
Kudos for that.
I was offered a few meal on my next visit, which I declined.
I wasn't looking for freebies, instead wanted to help this place improve and prosper.
Guess what !
On this visit, almost all of my prior critiques had been addressed/fixed.
My server this time was Britt (no cutesy fake names).
She immediately asked if it was my first visit at Snooze and this location in particular.
I asked if the Corned Beef Hash was available in a half order.
She seemed a little stumped, but instead of a direct yes/no answer, she asked if I wanted one egg or two and if I wanted toast.
(I asked for one egg and no toast).
I also ordered a half order of the carrot cake pancakes.
After a very short wait, my food came out.
It was a large portion of hash, with one soft poached egg (exactly as ordered).
So many places seem to have trouble getting soft poached eggs, but here it was perfect.
Firm white, and completely soft, runny yolk.
All nice and hot.
The corned beef hash was some of the best I have ever had.
Nicely shredded potatoes mixed with pulled corned beef.
Obviously fresh-made and not some prefab, out of the package stuff..
The carrot cake pancake was delish as well.
It was like eating that piece of carrot cake for breakfast...I almost convinced myself it was a daily helping of vegetables.
And best of all, the food all came out hot...
I got to the restaurant just before 9am.
As I was seated, I noticed two female managers just finishing up what appeared to be a manager meeting over breakfast.
They were just finishing up, and got up shortly after I was seated.
I did not see either one of them again until just as I was finishing up.
At that point, one of the managers delivered a pancake flight to the table next to me.
Other than that, no "table visits" were witnessed, even though the restaurant was full.
The good news is that If a table visit had been made, the only  critique offered would have been "Good job, things are great"..  As I was eating, my server did a couple of "check backs" and offered soda refills (I don't do coffee).
When she brought the check, I noticed that instead of a "half order charge" for the hash, I was charged for a side of hash and a side of one egg.
Not  a big deal, but IMHO, the server should have stated up front that while it wasn't available as a "halfsie", it could be ordered as sides..I am not sure if my side of hash was the same portion as a full order or if it was less/ more.
Quick credit card processing by Britt completed the dining experience.
On my way out, the cashier/hostess genuinely thanked me for my visit.
After two visits, Snooze has now moved up to one of my favorite breakfast places.

Very close to a five star, but need to visit again to truly give it five stars.
Food that came out was all big, and truly gorgeous.
Everyone enjoyed their meal.
The breakfast pot pie is awesome and they offer great mix and match options so you can enjoy the menu.
Service was polite and responsive.

I am so HAPPY they opened one up in AZ!!
When I lived in Denver this was the spot to go to!
Since its so good, the wait is pretty long.
They have an awesome system down which they text you when your table is ready!
Good thing Nordstrom Rack and all the other places are around the restaurant so you can go shopping!
There is FREE water and coffee in the back which I LOVE!
It's like getting free bread or chips and salsa when you go to a dinner restaurant!
You can't go wrong with anything on their menu!
**EXCITED**

I was very excited about this opening as i've been to their Denver location a few times.
It did not dissapoint!
We went on opening day and the food and service we great!
I'm fairly picky so I stuck with the plain'ol and it was perfect!
My friends swear by their more adventurous pancakes so if you're into experimenting i've heard they're delicious.

My boyfriend and I gave Snooze a shot this morning.
We decided to eat at the bar, which was a great choice because the bartender was insanely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu items.
My boyfriend ordered the Neat French Toast, which he scarfed down happily.
I ordered a soy latte and the Late Harvest Benny.
WOW.
The benedict was nontraditional with polenta as the base rather than an english muffin.
It had creamy hollandaise, swiss chard, goat cheese, and pine nut bread crumbs sprinkled on top.
When I gave my boyfriend a bite of it, he thought it was so tasty that he ate half of my meal because he couldn't put his fork down!
It's rare to find a breakfast joint with good food and good service, so we were pleasantly surprised to see top-notch service and delicious food at Snooze.
The most wonderful thing about this restaurant is the QUALITY of the food.
All of the meats are free-range, the eggs are cage-free, the coffee is through a partnership, the chai (Bhakti) is from Colorado, and the beers are local craft brews.
They even have nontraditional quality liquors, and hot sauce from Colorado, too.
Again, it's rare to find a restaurant that cares about the source of its food, so I love that Snooze is eco-friendly and environmentally conscious.
We will definitely be back for more!

Just as wonderful as your Denver location, but bigger.
A good 20 minute wait early on a Saturday morning, which I thought was appropriate.
Great hash browns, and that trio of pancakes cannot be beat.
I tried the blueberry, the tropicalada, and the sweet potato pancakes.
Unbelievable!
And when your server says you can have breakfast any old way you want it, they mean it.
Décor is kitschy and cute, the place is spanking clean too.
Don't dilly-dally about, run and grab yourself some breakfast at Snooze.

Great breakfast food.
Got the Snooze Spuds (a plate of hashbrowns and cheese with your choice of add-ins) and the daily Banana Fosters pancake on the side.
I didn't realize the pancake would be so HUGE!
But everything was really good and the service was great.
Go with a hearty appetite if you want to try more than one thing.

Waited way too long for our food to come, 40-45 minutes.
Food was good, great menu choices, but the bill was not correct.
Added costs that the waitress could not explain, just that 'that is what the computer came up with'.
Really?
Adjusted it which took another 5-10 minutes but still wasn't right.
I'll do Butterfields or Over Easy over this place.

Brunch brunch brunchhhhhhhhhh.
Came here with my family that's from cali.
11 people!!!
35 minute wait.
Ahhh... and 45 minutes for our food to come out.
My uncle was fighting with our waiter, idk the whole story, but we got a gift card and $15 off.
:)  Cute layout, great atmosphere.
I like the round booth chairs.
Idk if they're snowflakes or jacks around the place.
:))   Snooze breakfast burrito ;; vegetarian btw :))) yummmyyyyyy, the sauce was phenomenal.
Highly recommended  Three pancake flights ; any choice you want.
My nephew got the carrot cake, chocolate and blueberries pancake.
He loved it.
French toast neat ;; it was okay.
Kinda sweet for me.
OMG French toast ;; omggggggg

recently decided to try a new breakfast place and Snooze was the choice.
What a surprising and delicious find.
Went with my boyfriend and a friend, and there was an error in my order, before i even noticed they had brought me my plate, just a few minutes later than the other two and had not charged me for it.
Service was amazing and food was delicious, this is definitely a place i encourage to try and you will love it.

In my top 3 best ever breakfasts!
Amazing!
Had the Bella Bella Benny and 3 pancakes: sweet potato, pineapple upside down, and blueberry.
The tangy balsamic dressing and prosciutto were incredible on the Benny.
Hands down best pancakes EVER!
You have to try.

Visited for the second time this morning, and food was just as good as the first time.
So far, we've tried six dishes and all have been excellent.
The house made sausage is great, the corned beef hash is out of this world, and even though I'm not much of a pancake fan, the sweet potato and carrot cake pancakes were excellent as well.
Service earned them the fifth star; on both visits we've been served by Chelsea and she has done a spectacular job--even offered me a roadie for my coffee on our first visit before Christmas.
Looking forward to making Snooze a regular player in our weekend breakfast rotation!

We walked to Snooze from home with our dog this am to try it for the first time.
My wife was VERY excited and had been talking about it for weeks.
Although they were busy, we left our name and they asked for a cell# in order to text us when our table was ready.
What a great idea and why isn't everyone doing this???
The hostess said about ten minutes and was spot on.
We sat on the patio where our dog was not only welcomed but doted on and brought fresh water.
I love anyplace that loves my pooch!
Onto breakfast!
The menu is different, very different.
Be prepared to expand your breakfast horizons and I mean that in a most awesome way!
If I were going to say anything at all negative about this place (which I'm not) it would be the "coffee narrative".
The coffee, while good, is not worthy of the two page slightly pretentious story of how it came to be on our table.
So...I had a sweet potato pancake with pecans and caramel syrup that was like revisiting Thanksgiving only better, and two totally different, totally awesome versions of eggs Benedict.
My wife had two other versions of the Benedict and we literally wiped the plates.
I'd be here all day describing them so you'll just have to go and try it.
We will definitely be back!

Looking for a great breakfast in Phoenix, Snooze is it.
The pancakes are thick and delicious.
The hash browns perfect and not greasy.
Eggs fresh and cooked perfectly.
Most of the staff are excellent.
Snooze you will not even be bothered by the wait.

The food is a 4 star, bordering on 5.
Gluten free pancakes of all varieties, which is awesome.
Decor and cleanliness, 5 stars.
However, it is so loud in here, it's almost unbearable.
The music was loud, so people were talking louder....uuuggghh.
I'm here for breakfast, not to feel like I'm at a bar.
Speaking of drinks, the soda was gross, completely flat and I never got a new one, I had to get iced tea instead.
That should be a simple fix, but apparently not.
Service was slow, but the waitress was very nice.
I've been to the one in Denver multiple times, so I was very excited when it came here.
I'll give it a few months before I come back so they can work out the kinks.

After a 30 min wait to b seated and another 30 min till served, long wait for  the worst breakfast I'v ever had.
Ordered the Breakfast Tacos added a Pabalano pepper,got a jalapeño cut in half   raw with seeds, not warm not roasted not Pabalano .
No sauce in the Tacos like the menu described, condiments delivered with empty ketchup bottle, asked for replacement never got it , had to get up and find it myself.Food is not at all special.
I did speak to the management, took my meal off the bill, offered a gift card,I declined as this is not a place I will try again.

I took a chance even though this was our 1st meal of 2014, but after reading all the other glowing reviews and viewing the menu I couldn't resist.
I'm soo glad because this was hands down the best breakfast we have ever had!
I'm not going to get too descriptive but instead state that in every category they score 5 out of 5 stars!

Chilaquiles- 8/10 Breakfast pie - 7/10 Sweet potato pancakes- 9/10 Burrito - 7/10 (it's hugeee) Men's bathroom 8/10 (small, but clean.. Also they have a baby changer, soooo get to it dads!
) Women's bathroom-  (I couldn't get it, I'm man) Overall great place.

Amazing addition to the Biltmore area!
This is the best breakfast place around (get here early to avoid a long wait, especially on  the weekends).
But to fill the void of waiting, Snooze so kindly enough has complimentary coffee from Guatemala for the customers waiting.
I have been here numerous times already and everything we tried is delicious.
Highly recommend the pancakes.
The pancakes are light, fluffy, sweet and never get soggy.
OMG French toast is another hit.
Corned beef hash, eggs Benedict, just plain eggs, Juans breakfast tacos would all be ordered again!
Make sure to come on an empty stomach - it's worth it!

The corned beef hash I have been missing since I left Denver is now in PHX!
Made me do a little Irish jump and punch a hole in my wall.
Hey, I'm Irish, I can say that!
Snooze finally made it's way to Phoenix and it didn't take long for the Colorado transplants to find it as well as the breakfast foodies.
Now if we could only get Root Down and Sassafras here.
Now prepare yourself for a 30 to 45 minute wait for a table, but the complimentary coffee does help pass that time.
Whether you are a pancake breakfast glutton or a hung over savory breakfast bum like me Snooze will have everything to get that morning fix.
Service here is just as good as the food.
We had a couple mix ups with drink orders, but that never bothers me.
Take some time and figure out your choice from the large menu, don't worry if you wanted to try a couple things, you'll be back!

Free coffee while you wait!
Food looked and tasted fantastic!

A lot of hoopla from my Denver friends so I had to check it out.
High hopes ends in disappointment.
First issue, unorganized front desk.
Seating people out of check-in order (same size party) makes for a frustrating experience.
Four tables sitting empty for nearly 10 minutes with people waiting  (that never makes sense to me).
From what I could tell, the front desk nedeed "one" person to take control.
In a nutshell, too many employees standing around staring at the iPads.
After a 25 minute wait (we were advised 10-15) we make it to the table and I ordered a glass of cranberry juice.
Whatever you do, don't order it!
When it arrived in a tall glass it was nearly clear with a hint of pink.
I knew at that very moment we had a problem.
I took a sip and as I expected it was watered down and barely resembled cranberry.
Why would you serve this?
I then ordered the Bella Bella which was quite good.
I would definetly recommend it.
So would I visit again?

I waited a good long time to come into snooze (worried about the hungry hoards that have been eagerly awaiting their opening), turns out I had nothing to worry about.
They are located in Town and Country right next to the LA fitness (so you can work off the pancakes I guess).
The coffee is good and served in comfortable large mugs.
Omlettes and savory dishes feature prominently and I haven't ventured into the sweet side of things (yet) as they veered a little into the candy side for me.
I love the décor, very comfortable mid centuryish modern.
Service was chipper, almost a little too chipper for a grouch like me in the morning.
For less chipper minded headed over to Daily Dose across the street, but if you don't mind happy come on over!

My friend who used to live in Denver, where I believe Snooze is based, told me before they opened that the food was wonderful.
Well, she was right.
I can't believe my good fortune that they moved into the Town & Country in my 'hood.
I came after a doctor's appt because I was starving from fasting.
I sat at the bar and was immediately greeted by the friendly bartender.
Another lady saw my bandage from having blood drawn and was considerate enough to ask me if I wanted a piece of toast or something.
I ended up ordering a "flight" of pancakes where you can order 1 of 3 different flavors.
Whoever decided to offer that option is, in my opinion, a brilliant person.
I also love that they have such distinct and interesting pancake options.
I ended up noshing on carrot cake (which ended up being the fave), sweet potato and a "pancake of the day" which had chocolate chips and cherries.
I got a side of the house-made chicken sausage which was amazing.
I'm not sure what herbs they seasoned with but it looks like a pounded, cubed steak.
But it was very moist and not too salty.
I've only been back there another time since and I exercised the half and half option for their "art of hollandaise" items.
Another great option!
I got to try two kinds of but the winner was the Havana Benny.
Here's the description: Shaved Niman Ranch ham and slow roasted pork served over a savory Swiss cheese bread pudding and topped with poached eggs, Dijon hollandaise and diced house pickles.
The ham was really the winning ingredient here but all of it came together nicely.
I noticed this place draws a varying demographic.
I saw families with kids and grandmas like one would see at IHOP.
But I also saw hipsters on the patio and at the bar.
I'm not sure if the place's popularity is at play or because it's new, but weekends, expect an hour wait for brunch.
Otherwise, try to go on a week day.

I'd heard about this restaurant and it's reputation in the mountains.
So when the family all woke up on new year's day, the youngest brother made us all trek down (from the North Valley) to Town & Country's new Snooze.
We were told 30-45 min wait and offered coffee while we waited.
We drank the coffee.
We got bored.
We wandered into Nordstrom Rack.
We tried on clothes,  We shopped,  We bought clothes.
An hour after our initial arrival... we get the text!
We were told a few minutes, you're next, just clearing a table.
10 minutes later, still waiting.
Several tables not being cleared.
Some tables get cleared!
We don't get seated.
Another 10 minutes later, we are seated.
The hostesses did not inspire confidence.
And it shouldn't take any restaurant 10 minutes to clear a table.
Our waitress is lovely.
She's knowledgeable and capable.
I like her.
She explains our options, gives us suggestions, etc.
I do the half benny as does a sister in law.
Many do pancakes, we have a burrito as well, a few pretzel sandwiches and pancakes on the side.
Coffee is good; I ordered grapefruit juice that was very delicious.
Food takes a while, they're clearly attempting to get the hang of things.
Food arrives.
I like the classic benny half but not the mexican version (it's bland).
SIL doesn't like her mexican benny either, but the havana is deemed delicious.
Pancakes are fairly well received though husband and myself think they're too dry and kind of crunchy.
Husband also had Sam I Am sandwich and wasn't a fan.
I would go back to Snooze for the benedicts and the juice.
I think it has potential but it really needs to figure out it's service model and get people moving through faster.
In the meantime, I can have a similar or better brunch faster at other places.
Prices are pretty fair though.
Brunch for 6 split 3 ways as 31 (w/o tip for 2 people).

So far, two brunches here.
And I look forward to adding to that number!
Visit one - with a pescatarian girlfriend.
We each had a coffee (tasty blend - good roast - FRESH!
) and started by splitting the pancake of the day.
I really don't remember what was in/on it...but it was divine.
My friend claimed it was the best pancake of her life - and she's a pancake fiend!
There were a couple of the benedicts that were jumping out at both of us - so we decided to split two of them.
Turns out - Snooze is happy to split up the benedicts for anyone at anytime - so we didn't even have to agree on the two to share.
Since there is so much goodness in each - I am just copying the details from the menu on the ones we had:  "Late Harvest Benny - Wilted Swiss chard, fennel and leeks served atop goat cheese and herb polenta cakes with poached Niman Ranch eggs, cream cheese hollandaise and toasted pine nut crumb.
" and "Upstream Benny - Honey Smoked Salmon tossed with cucumber and corn salsa and served over jalapeno-cream cheese spoonbread, topped with poached Niman Ranch eggs and cream cheese hollandaise" They were both absolutely phenomenal!
Visit two - with a male friend notorious for his appetite and food snobbery.
Since it worked so well the first time - I suggested we split the pancake of the day.
Again - no memory of the crack they addled it with - but I could not stop - and I want to go back and get the daily pancake every day!
I opted for the breakfast pot pie, and he had the sweet potato pancakes.
Both were great - the puff pastry on the breakfast pot pie was absolutely perfectly executed.
The pancakes weren't overly sweet - and the bits of ginger really made the dish shine!
There was a 20-30 minute wait each time - and both visits were intentionally planned to be around the "slower" times.
I truly dislike waiting for a table - but Snooze, you make it so worth it!
See you soon!

Great food and atmosphere.
Reasonable prices.
The pancakes and breakfast pot pie were big hits.
Will definitely go back.

Love this place for the food, the atmosphere, and the service.
Went in hungry for a traditional breakfast, but bailed on that nonsense in a hurry.
They have a bunch of different egg benedict dishes and crazy pancake combinations that we just couldn't resist.
We tried a pancake flight with the sweet potato, blueberry danish, and the swamp monster (Pancake of the Day).
Then we did a combo order of the chilaquile and havana benedicts.
I haven't eaten this much food in a long time, and it was all fantastic.
Elise was our server, and took just superb care of us, including answering my usual string of stupid questions about a new place and its food.
Apparently the little "sparkles" that decorate everything there are called a "compass" and each letter stands for a different thing.
Even the mugs and flatware are quirky, and we loved it all.
We will definitely be back when we finish digesting the breakfast we ate this morning... so maybe three months or so.
Ooof!

Great place for a very tasty but unique breakfast.
I enjoyed it thoroughly!

Snooze!!!
What a fantastic place.
Well worth the wait.
Have been twice in the last three days.
OMG French Toast is very well named.
This morning tried the Pineapple Upside Down Pancake, Carrot Cake Pancake, Sweet Potato Pancake & Chocolate Pancake with Oats and White Chocolate chips.
I CAN'T choose a favorite!
The food rocks and the service is top notch.
My new favorite place!

Love this place!
My husband and I went to the one in Boulder back in October and couldn't wait for this one at the Town and Country shopping center to open.
Being a vegan, I loved that they had options to make my breakfast without meat/dairy.
While my husband loved that he could have whatever his meatlover heart desired.
I have had the tofu scramble with the soyrizo which is delicious!
My husband loves the sausage.
The pancake of the day when we were there the first time was a sticky bun pancake, we ordered one for the table as dessert and I had a couple bites, it was heaven!
There is usually a wait, even during the week.
But they will text you when your table is ready and you can go shopping at Nordstrom Rack right next door or take advantage of the games they have on their patio.
They also have Bloody Mary's and mimosas, and great coffee.
I know I'll be back!
I love a good breakfast spot!

well after a less than favorable review I was promptly contacted by Rebecca from their corporate offices.
she was very interested in what I had to say.
She asked if she bought our next meal would we be willing to try them 1 more time?
Why not...
I'm glad we did.
What a difference.
Britt, our server was outstanding.
The food came out shortly after we ordered.
It was hot and fresh.
Long story short, I will definitely be going back.
Good food and good management.

This place was absolutely fantastic with all of your classic breakfast dishes and flavors as well as their own take on the classics with a unique twist.
Admittedly I am not a breakfast guy, on most days I have to remind myself to have something in the morning, otherwise I would run out of the house without breakfast and not think about food until lunch.
Now I have a place that is making me think about breakfast all of the time!
Snooze is really that good.
A little warning, it is the new place in town, so things are a little unreasonably crazy to get into Snooze, but if you plan it out, it is no big deal and well worth the wait.
For my indoctrination I had the breakfast sandwich because not only do I often not have breakfast, I typically am not drawn to sweet breakfasts.
The sandwich was killer and there are plenty of savory options on the menu for me to have an incredible amount of options the next time I go.
I also tried a bite of my wife's breakfast tacos... WOW!
Killer taste.
Go, give it a try, drink a screwdriver before if you think you might freak out over the wait, but eventually the newness of the place will die down and the wait will be more reasonable.
Those of us who keep it on our radar will be enjoying Snooze for a long time to come.

Great food, warm atmosphere and awesome service.
The green chili on the buro was some of the best I have ever had.

Waited for so long!
But the food is incredible and or server was very sweet and attentive!!
I had the omg French toast and it blew my mind..!!
My girlfriend got the Bella Bella Benny and that was also incredible!
And definitely try the apple juice, You know it's good when you can't see through the glass

We ordered and waited for our food and after two different tables were seated, placed their orders, received their food, paid and left and we still did not have our food yet.
Although when it finally arrived it was really worth the wait!
The name Omg French toast is very fitting as my boyfriend said "oh my god" after the first bite.
The Bella Bella Benny was superb and the apple juice AMAZING.
I was going to give this 4 stars because the wait, but before we left our server brought us a complementary hot chocolate for being so patient and that small gesture really turned by review around!

I'm not exactly unbiased here.
I relocated from Denver.
Year ago and my former residence was next to the Littleton location.
It's not uncommon to have a 30 minute wait Tuesday morning at 10:00am.
I love ALL the Benedict's and infused alcohols make for a fun breakfast too.
The Town and Country location (great choice btw, good culture match) is of the same quality and it shows in the staff.
A must try for foodies and families that like fun, good food and great atmosphere.

I love this place!
Love it.
Breakfast at lunch time.
Yay!
My friends whisked me off without much notice and was so happy with their choice.
This is the cutest darn place!
Booths galore with round tables down the center aisle.
(Best for 4 ppl.
)  After ordering a heavenly cappuccino (it really was that good) I studied the menu.
With so much to talk about I had a hard time picking a meal.
When I spied an entire section with eggs benedict's I focused my energy there.
The very kind server helped my indecisiveness by explaining that my order could consist of 1/2 of anything.
Phew!
I really like eggs so I stayed in the Benny section.
The Bella!
Bella!
Benny spoke volumes to me with prosciutto, Taleggio cheese, topped with a cream cheese hollandaise on a toasted chiabatta.
I had forgotten a balsamic glaze would be sprinkled over the (perfectly gooey egg).
Until now I had *no idea* my palate craved a hint of bitterness on an egg.
Good stuff!
The Upstream Benny is smoked salmon served on a jalapeno-cream cheese spoonbread.
I gotta tell you, I loved the bread!
Salmon is something you can't go wrong with.
Healthy, and quite delicious, when paired with cucumber and corn salsa.
I meant to fork sample my friend's pineapple pancake.
Uh.
Well, I ate an ENTIRE half.
Sweet bejeebers that was divine.
I've never had anything quite that like that.
I can't do justice to explain why.
The pancake was super fluffy, the pineapple made it sweet (of course) and the butter made it dance in my mouth.
HOH.
MY.
GAWD.
The service here is impeccable!
Mercedes was such a gem.
Full of information and oh so patient.
(We were talking too much and maybe taking a hair too long to order.
) Our coffee and waters were constantly refilled and she was overflowing with genuine happiness.
Hurry in to grab a seat kids!
This place is first come first served.
Alas, no reservations.

UH-MAZE-ING is the best adjective to describe this delectable eatery.
While in town visiting, and then reading the reviews regarding this establishment, it became a required stop.
I am a true fan of eggs benedict and this place has a variety of benedict concoctions.
Absolutely delish!
In addition, the carrot cake pancakes make you wanna slap yo mama!
Definitely a must try, you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!

Fun food and staff  My wife and I used to live near the original Snooze in Denver and were fans.
So, my wife was stoked when I surprised her and our girls with a visit to their new location in Phoenix.
She actually hit me and gave me an arm hug.
It's everything I remember... minus the big mural outside.
Snooze is fun, quick (apart from the lines), and high-energy.
The staff is always pleasant while orders hit your table without a lot of waiting, making it easy with kids.
The pancake, waffle, and french toast options are always worth blowing your diet on.
I really enjoy their breakfast tacos with chorizo and a dousing of Tapatio.
Definitely a place to take your spouse and/or family for an enjoyable start to the day.
And the balloon guys was really good with our daughter.
She loves her mermaid.

It's hard for me to give a breakfast place more than 4 stars, because breakfast is breakfast right?
Well, Snooze earns the 5th star because it didn't miss on anything.
The wait was an hour long on Sunday morning, but it's a popular place so can't ding them for that.
The coffee was really good--you can read the long story about how it's from their partner farm in Guatemala or you can just drink and enjoy.
Our group got a variety of breakfast items--French Toast, Corned Beef Hash, traditional Eggs Benedict, Chilaquiles Benedict, Scrambled Eggs.
Our kind server also brought us out a complimentary speciality pancake, which was tasty.
Everything was on point.
The table was silent; everyone was enjoying their meal.
I had the traditional eggs benedict (Ham Benedict III).
The ham was shaved, which I surprisingly liked.
The hollandaise was also light and not overpowering and not too thick.
It's a long wait, but worth it.

Hallelujah, Snooze has come to Phoenix!!!!
As a Denver native, I can only hope to describe to you non-Denverites the culture of Snooze.
It has made all other breakfast places seem dismal.
The quality of food is astounding, the atmosphere is upbeat and trendy and the servers are the friendliest, hippest people you will ever meet.
You will never wait less tan an hour for a table, but the wait has always been worth it.
Snooze Phoenix is no different.
They have captured the essence of the hipster vibe of Denver and brought it to the valley quite nicely.
The food, again will never disappoint.
If you've never been, here are my suggestions:  Always ask what the pancake of the day is.
Always.
Sweet: Pancake Flight with a Pineapple Upside Down Pancake, the Pancake of the Day and a Cinnamon Roll pancake.
Savory: 3 Egg Scramble with hollandaise, avocado and pico de gallo and corn tortillas.
There is nothing but love in my heart for Snooze.
Now, Snooze, please get your booties out to Orange County next!!

Solid 3.5 stars.
The food is good but not worth the,[hour] wait.
Maybe once the "new" wears off the wait will be less.
They also need to reevaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of their seating and dining area.
There is definitely opportunity to maximize and utilize the space better.
Severally tables that could accommodate 4 or more were filled with pairs/couples.
While these particular table-booth hybrids look cool, they are inefficient in terms of seating management.
They do offer coffee for those waiting outside.
[As you enter the door turn right.
It is against the back wall to the right if the bar/counter.
] Unfortunately we discovered this after a trip to Dunkin Donuts for some coffee to tide us over.
Upon checking in they enter your phone number and text you when your table it's ready.
Which is 'good' because with an "45-60 minute wait" you have time to check out neighboring stored in Town & Country Center.
In hind sight we should have gone across the street to Daily Dose Midtown.
The food:  There were 3 of us.
One had the traditional eggs Benedict ( to their credit they have several varieties of benedicts to choose); one had the Potato pile up ( or something like that) and added 2 eggs.
I ordered the pancake flight (choice of 3 pancakes from their regular or daily menu) pineapple upside down cake, carrot cake and the daily special peanut butter and jelly, with a side of bacon.
Like I mentioned at the get go I have no complaints over the food.
The ingredients are quality and prepared well.
As an example, the hollandaise was done well and eggs poached well.
I am not a pancake person but the varieties were too tempting.
No syrup necessary with the toppings unique to each choice.
The pancakes were not  as sweet as I expected, which was a very pleasant surprise.
I can see myself going back eventually.
Although I have put this into the same category that I have Matt's Big Breakfast, good but not worth the wait, and will likely try it again in the summer before 10am.

I ate here yesterday, and it made me sick as a DOG!
I will NEVER eat here again!
To give you some context, I do not have a sensitive stomach; friends often refer to me as having a stomach of the Gods.
I can have bloody mary's for breakfast, chipotle for lunch (with all of their salsas), and indian food for dinner... without so much as a rumble from my tummy.
That being said, I ate one of their new sammies, the name of which escapes me.
But basically, it was a pretzel bun, topped with cheesy eggs, a sausage patty, and cheddar hollondaise sauce... and one of the worst mistakes of my life.
I am still recovering, unable to eat or keep fluids down, but I do seem to be improving slowly.
Before this awful experience, I had eaten at the Snooze in Denver and found it to be a decent breakfast spot with bizarre, overly sweet pancakes.
For that experience, I give them three stars... for this last experience, I give them none (but yelp makes me give at least one).
And getting sick once, is one too many times for me.
This should NEVER happen at ANY resturant.
Will definitely NOT be returning.

All I can say is amazing and a must breakfast stop.
The service was excellent my friend's water was never empty and my coffee mug always tired off.
Our waitress was really nice and explained that even if there isn't a pancake flavor on the menu that if they have the ingredients the chefs will whip it up.
Food was so good.
OMG French toast was amazing covered with strawberries and toasted coconut with cream and caramel sauce.
I live they offer the pancake flight because they have so many yummy sounding pancakes it would be to hard to choose just one to try.
The flight let's you choose 3 flavors.
Definitely will be back need to try out the rest of the menu.
We sat outside on the patio which was nice and they have heaters that you can have them turn on.
Inside looks warm and inviting too.

Oh.my.gosh.
They have a pancake fight!
Unfortunately, I did not indulge in the flight this time around because I'm trying to watch my girlish figure.
But I did have their 3 egg scramble with pulled pork, caramelized onions, and green chile sauce.
It was seriously delicious.
Our server was on-point, and the entire atmosphere of the restaurant was super cute and retro.
You can tell the owners put a lot of emphasis on the details.
One last note: They have a wall of windows on every side of the restaurant with bar seating, and every window opens completely!
So on a nice, sunny 70 degree day it's absolutely beautiful to sit in these areas.
Highly recommended!
If you go on a weekend day or holiday, plan on waiting at least 1 hour for your table - but don't worry, it's worth it!

Great service!
Even offered a sling for my baby's car seat which was awesome!
We ordered the corned beef hash!
Which looked and tasted great!
Would recommend this place to everyone.
Although don't come here on a Saturday for brunch it's very very busy!

FINALLY!!!!!!!
A breakfast place in this center.....I enjoyed my experience from the friendly staff to the delicious food....upscale funk....
The employees seemed excited about Snooze, customers, the food and just everything...
Wait staff knowledgable about the menu and made good suggestions... Because a good cup of coffee can't be beat...I ordered a house coffee... Because basic eggs and potatoes can't be beat..I ordered the 3 eggs and home fries with a side of pico de g....the eggs were a perfect over easy...potatoes delicious with   just the right seasoning....the pico was fresh and delicious....catsup would be insulting the chef...
I will definitely return to try the other tempting dishes on menu....
BRAVO'!!!!!!!!!!

Went around 9:45am this morning with 2 of my great friends.
We all ordered breakfast drinks I had the mule...amazing taste had a hint of bitterness that went well with my HUGE breakfast burrito that came with chorizo, ham,onions,hash browns and green sauce.
My friend got the orange smoothie cocktail and said it tasted like an orange Julius She also had the Huge breakfast burrito with sausage.
The third bestie of our party had the Spicy Bloody Mary and I took a sip of it and it was probably the best BM I've ever had its ratio of tomato juice  spices spot on.
She ordered the flight of pancakes which included 3 different flavors of pancakes She choose Strawberry Cheesecake, chocolate molten lava and caramel apple These were absolutely delish and not overwhelmingly sweet.
I like meat for Breakfast so most likely I will never order the flight but will share a forkful with my kids because , I will be bringing them here soon

Get here before 8 on weekends, or learn to enjoy the waiting list.
Overall, very happy to have this fancy breakfast eatery in the 'hood.
All ingredients were prime, from the coffee to the side of fruit and everything in between.
The interior decor is flawlessly hip-retro, and the table service is more than adequate.
Since time immemorial, breakfast restaurants counted on making money on volume and turnover rather than margin.
But now at the upper end of the breakfast market, it seems they are pushing more to increase margins, as in $9 for 3-ingredient omelette with a side of hashbrowns.
The meats on the side (including very good sausage) are an extra $2.50-$3.50.
So count on, like, $15 for an omelette, a side of bacon, and a cup of coffee.
Throw in a tip and .
well .
did you say you were on an expense account?
Was that what I heard?
You don't come here to save money, but it still counts as a good value.

Went here for a brunch date with a close friend...it was a 20 minute wait but totally worth it!
Any place that offers beer for breakfast is number one in my book!!
Get the brewmosa and you wont be sorry!
Ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict and I never wanted it to end!
It was heaven in my mouth!
Service was good and the atmosphere great.
I loved the mix of music they had going on and it wasnt too loud or too quiet!
Definitely will be back to try some stuffed french toast and a Palomosa!

We ate here today for the first time and quite liked it!
We got to Snooze rather late and yes there was a 30 min wait but the great thing is they offer a text alert when your table is ready!
Super great because Town and Country has really transformed with many great shops and additional restaurants and of course the newish Whole Foods, which I could spend all day in frankly.
So we get the text and dart back to see what awaits.
Great service, fun decorum and yummy food.
I had the Lower East Side and it was a nice switch to eat my lox with goat cheese.
Tasty Toast and just the right amount of food, not too little not too much.
My boyfriend had the Chilaquiles Benedict which was really delicious!
I had several bites and will no doubt order it when we go back.
We also had Mimosas that were equally great with fresh squeezed O.J.
and not too bad on the price since they were quite big.
I will say that the hash browns that D. had were lacking in seasoning but overall everything tasted fresh and we both will be back!
PS.
If the server we had is ever to read this, I was the customer who left you the horribly low tip on the heals of telling you that I hoped you made good money due to so many people hanging out later than you all serve!
I think that my Mimosa had kicked in and I do math like a special person without the booze!
I am truly sorry, I will make up for it when we return and request you!

What a great find in my neighborhood of central Phoenix!
The food is delicious and beautifully presented.
The place is new, aesthetically pleasing and staffed by well-trained people who are pleasant, attentive and friendly.
The trendy decor, however, has nothing to absorb the noise so with the music a bit too loud, the voices are elevated as well and the overall noise level is just too much.
If the food wasn't exceptional, I would write this one off my list.
Maybe a weekday would be better if there are fewer diners!

One of my favorite places I have ever eaten at.
My girlfriend and I ate at a location in Denver 2 years ago.
At that time there was no AZ location...we checked.
When we saw that there was one in Phoenix this morning the only question was how fast can we get there?
This location was just as good as the one in Denver.
The staff was friendly and attentive.
We were sat at the bar and then asked to move over 1 spot each so another couple could sit next to us.
For our trouble (none) the waitress sent us a free pineapple upside down pancake.
We ordered the Benny Goodman (eggs Benedict/lox creation) and the Pot Pie (spin on biscuits and gravy).
Everything was great.
Always busy so be prepared to wait.
I would have no problem waiting for an hour, maybe more.

We decided to give Snooze a try this past Saturday.
I went prepared for an hour plus wait and was pleasantly surprised to find out the wait was only 15 to 20 minutes.
We put our name in and they texted us about 15 minutes later.
On time...great!
We immediately go to the hostess stand and were told our table was being bused and to wait off to the side.
Um...ok...
Ten more minutes go by so I went back up to the hostess stand to see what was going on.
She said that I was going to be seated any minute.
I look at my phone and they had texted me again despite me standing in the exact same place the entire time.
Weird.
Anyway, we are finally seated.
I order a diet coke and the waitress brings me a coke.
No big deal.
I tell her and she brings me a new drink and takes our order.
In the meantime, apparently Snooze VIPs are seated next to us as the manager spent several minutes talking to them and they were even given a free pancake.
Nice.
Good for them.
Not so nice is when they get their food before us even though we were seated ten minutes earlier.
A half hour goes by....still no food.
Our waitress says it will be out "any minute".
More people that were seated after us are getting food and some of them are even done eating by the time ours finally comes out.
I ordered the French toast, which was good but not great.
It was two slices of wonder bread with a strawberry or two on top.
My fiancé got a bowl of hash browns with some cheese on top.
I can't remember what they called it on the menu.
I guess the food was good enough that I would go back if the experience was better.
At this point it's not worth it for me.
We live less than a mile from Snooze and love to go out to breakfast.
Despite the convenient location, I don't think we will be back.

Well, right from the start, the ONLY reason I did not give Snooze a 5 star rating is because or the wait, which was about 30 minutes longer that the hostess guesstimated.
The two of us sat at the bar for brunch yesterday, Sunday.
The attitudes and people skills of this place is off the chain, some of THE BEST that I have experienced.
So after sitting at the bar for maybe 3 minutes already with coffee in my hand, one of the bar tenders, Andy served the people next to us a cocktail and they RAVED about it, so I asked Andy what it was.
His answer while giving us the extra in the shaker to taste was " a little morning Margarita.
"  My answer was that it could very easily turn into an all day BIGGGGG Margarita...soooooooooooooo good with the blood orange juice in it, yum!
We each ordered one.
So for brunch we decided to get 3 plates and graze; Lynne ordered the pancake sampler, (gluten free), I ordered the corn beef hash with sunny side up and also the OMG stuffed french toast, also gluten free as Lynne does not eat gluten.
I had to taste the OMG stuffed french toast first.
I will admit that I was very unsure of what I was going to taste as most of the time when I do taste gluten free bread, it just does NOT appeal to me.
Let me tell you OMG OMG OMG...it was OMG!!!!
My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it.
I then tried mine, the corn beef hash.
I had it cooked crispy.
It was also off the chain, cooked perrrrrrrrfectly!
Next to get the pleasure of my fork was the pineapple pancake on Lynne's pancake sampler.
I have to say that after tasting all three plates, Snooze had a perfect score that day and we will be back very soon.
BTW, the ambiance was great.
The restaurant has great character and it is great for people watching there.
I want another one of those Margaritas!
Simply deeeeeeeeeeelicious!

IN THIS CASE IF YOU SNOOZE YOU DON'T LOSE!
I've been to the Snooze in San Diego a couple times and absolutely loved the place.
In that Yelp review I said I was happy that they didn't have one here in Phoenix.
Cause if they did then I would turn into a fat ass from being there so much.
So when I saw they opened up a Snooze out here I had to go.
This Snooze doesn't look as good or as big as the one in San Diego.
But I came here for the food and the food did not completely disappoint.
What drew me there to begin with was the pineapple upside down pancakes.
I had a pancake flight, which allows you to pick 3 different pancakes.
I got the pineapple upside down, the carrot, and sweet potato pancakes along with the Green Eggs and Hammich.
The sandwich was good, but it wasn't anything great on the same level of the pancakes.
My girlfriend had the Sandwich I am and it was pretty bland.
I ended up being a good boyfriend and switching sandwiches with her since she liked mine.
Her daughter got chocolate chip pancakes.
The reason i couldn't give this Snooze 5 stars is because of the service and the wait time.
We had to wait for about 45 minutes for a table on a Saturday morning.
Now granted it was Saturday and even the Snooze in San Diego you had to wait a while for a table.
But the difference with that one was every seat was packed.
And when they told you that your table was ready, your table was ready.
Here they text you to let you know that your table is ready.
Then we had to wait another 5 minutes for our table to ready.
The Snooze out here looked like it still had quite a bit of room to seat a good portion of people who were waiting to get tables.
We sat on the patio cause it was quicker and they still had a whole other corner that could be used for seating.
For some reason they have a ping pong table taking up that whole area instead.
The other reason is the service.
Our waitress was nice but she was very neglectful, at least to our table anyway.
She brought the chocolate chip pancakes with no syrup.
she didn't come back around to ask us if we wanted anymore water, napkins, or anything else.
I had to get up and grab some hot sauce from the service cart myself.
She was going around to all the other tables around us asking them if they needed anything, going over menu items with other patrons.
The 2 ladies who sat across from us had a dog with them and the dog got better service than us.
Speaking of dogs, i love dogs.
If you want to bring dogs into the restaurant that's all fine and good.
But to have the dog sitting at the table with you while you eat (and not a little dog either) that's a bit much.
Like i said she wasn't mean by any means, but she was not a good waitress.
Will i be back at Snooze?
DUH!
Does a frog bump its ass when he hops?
Of course i will be there again.
The pineapple upside down pancakes are what brought me there and the pancakes are what will keep me coming back.

OMG OMG!
This place is the best!
You walk in and they were rocking some old school MJ first thing in the morning; that was the first plus.
They have these booths that are set up like a circle so everyone gets a comfy  seat ; second plus.
The service is great the waitress was so nice and attentive; third plus.
Then, oh and then, the food....
The breakfast burrito, taking a bite of that will set off every taste bud in your mouth.
The pancakes are good too, not the best I've ever had, but the toppings make up for it.
To top it all off, they have amazing drinks, and it's all really affordable!
Can't wait to go back!

As a regular at the Snooze in Denver, I was geeked to see one opening up in Phoenix because I travel here often.
Echo and her team hit but out of the park with this one!!!!
Excellent food and excellent service!!

Food was mediocre.
Music was nostalgic pop from the 80's mostly.
Fun decor/ atmosphere and friendly service.
However, probably would not return again.

I absolutely LOVED LOVED LOVED this place!!!
Hidden in a strip mall it doesn't look like much from the outside...
Inside though was a different story.
The service was outstanding, the servers were friendly and knowledgable.
My husband ordered the Bankok Bloody Mary.
Amazing!
Their AM drink menu is outstanding.
My husband ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict.
My toes curled in delight.
Amazing.
I had the breakfast burrito and added bacon to it.
The sauce on it was to die for, I mean they brought out the plate and I thought "this thing is huge, no way I'm finishing it".
Well guess what?
I couldn't stop eating.
Will come back here again and if I'm ever in Colorado or San Diego, where their other locations are, I'll go there too.
I am a fan for life.
Oh and what a great menu!
There's something here for everyone.

The wait was fine, it will be about 30 minutes but they will text you when the table is ready.
Both times I went there, I had awesome servers who actually talked with me, and even gave us a free pancake!
Awesome service, food was amazing, holycrap food was awesome.
Always filling and delicious.

I was so happy I finally got to try this place last week when I met up with a group of friends.
I had a great first visit, and now I'm counting the days until a 2nd AZ location opens in downtown Gilbert.
Usually I automatically go for savory breakfast options, but the sweet choices looked so tempting.
I finally handed my menu to my 9 month old dining companion, and she pointed to the benedict section.
The late harvest benny was delicious, and unlike any other benedict I've ever had.
Instead of english muffins, the perfectly poached eggs, goat cheese and swiss chard sat on top of polenta cakes.
The cakes were on the smaller side which made them a nice portion size for me.
Our group loved the hashbrowns on the side because they were very crisp and had plenty of pepper.
One friend got the pancake flight (blueberry, peanut butter and apple), and another got the OMG french toast.
I was hoping to try a bit, but there was barely a morsel left when they were done.
I can't wait to go back although I'll still be torn between the sweet and savory choices.
I checked with the company, and their ranchero and green chili sauces are all vegetarian.

Unbelievable,  one of the best breakfast spots I have ever been too.
Any of their Bennys are amazing.
I had the ham and the beef Benny,  so good!
I will make this a regular spot for me.
Love it!

Snooze is the ONLY breakfast restaurant I know of that has a wait for their bar.
Went to Over Easy instead.
Change your bar wait policy and we'll try your establishment.

Cute, 50's-esqe (as currently manufactured in China) mid-century modern space.
Interesting and inventive pancakes.
Pineapple upside down cake was excellent, sweet potato didn't quite work.
Not too pricey for a breakfast place.
Will try again.

The food is pretty fabulous!
I had the OMG French toast and they really were OMG delicious.
The waitress wasn't particularly friendly or attentive but if all the food is this good, it doesn't matter to me.

This place was a last minute audible, we show up at 9:30a on a Sunday morning and there's a 30 min wait.
I kinda like this as a sign as waiting usually means something worth waiting for.
The systems where they use tablets to text us when the table are ready is revolutionary.
It allows people to hang out by the fountain and converse.
By the time we left at 10:30a it was like an outdoor party broke out in the parking lot.
This place is easily the coolest brunch place in the city and it's not just because of the OMG French Toast and the breakfast burrito (both of which were slamming btw).
It's got a fun space age decor.
The music is peak hour wedding music with the Bee Gees and Michael Jackson.
The coffee comes with a story about how it's hand grown in the mountains of Guatemala.
Big flat screens.
The service is friendly but it's absolutely precise with waiters, runners and bus boys turning tables at record speed.
Some might say it's bordering on douchey (and maybe that's a fair comment) but overall a fun experience and delicious food.

Can't wait to come back!
Luckily, the boyfriend and I had a Wednesday morning off and could come when it's not standing room only.
I ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict which was so delicious.
The hollandaise sauce was spicy goodness!
The boyfriend ordered the hash and I assume it was good considering he cleaned his plate in about 5 minutes.
Will definitely be coming back to sample the Bloody Mary menu!

Perfect breakfast place!
You can't go wrong here!
I couldn't decide which Benedict I wanted and they let me mix and match them.
Delicious!
Mom had the French toast and was kind enough to share a bite.
That was amazing too!!!!
They have great coffee and loose leaf teas (my favorite).
Highly recommend this to anyone.

Great new restaurant addition to Phoenix!
The menu here had a perfect mix of sweet and savory.
Our server mentioned that snooze is known for their pancakes and benedicts.
I'm a huge (HUGE) pancake person but decide to branch out and tried the Late Harvest Benny.
It was delicious, with just the right amount of hollandaise so that I didn't feel too guilty after finishing!
Definitely will be back, if only to try something sweet next!

Not what I was expecting from the typical hipster breakfast joint in the biltmore.
In fact the food was amazing along with a great vintage atmosphere that could be considered a mix from the contemporary 50's with some retro 70's to spice it up.
The price matched the food with everything being made from scratch along with some of the best country gravy I've ever had!
I recommend anyone to go and check out the food, the ambiance, and the very nice ladies that dish you up your food along with great customer service!

I have been to this place 6 times and the first 4 were good and the last 2 were very poor.
The servers are in another world.
We sat for 15 minutes before we received our drinks and another 15 minutes until they took the order.
Food took along time to come out almost cold.
The french toast was dry and tasteless.
Instead of them focusing on opening more places, they need to get the service fixed and improve the food.

I will never push Snooze on a day I'm heading there!!
Watch out for the waiting list but know that it's worth it!!!!!
The food was great!
Not just great!
Even the side of fruit was great!
There was an assorted array of fruit that did not consist of unripe melons!!!
The service was AWESOME!!!!
We had two little girls with us and I would say that I would bring my children back!!!
Thank you Snooze for getting me up early on a Sat!

First of all what a cool and relaxed enviorment to walk into.
We were  greeted and sat promptlty.
The first miss that walked up to the table took our drink order and brought us our drinks as well.
Although there was a bit of a gap in between the drinks and the actual server making it to our table everything was a great start.. it was our first time so it gave us a moment to browse the menu and enjoy our coffee!.
We all ordered seperate plates of different choices.
All were great!
To top it off we shared the caramel apple pancakes!!!
What a pleasant surprise these were.
By far the best pancakes I have ever had!.
The meals were great!
The price was great!
We will with out doubt be back!
Good job guys!!

Love having a new brunch spot, especially with mimosas on tap!
There were a lot of things on the menu that looked good, so I will definitely be back.
I had the breakfast burrito this time with half red/half green sauce.
It was a ton of food, and I could only eat half of it.
The service was great, but there was a long wait to be seated.
There is complimentary coffee while you wait, and they'll text you when your table is ready if you want to wander around Nordstrom Rack.

Too busy for their own good.
We went on a Saturday morning around 8:45 and we were seated in 20 minutes at the bar which was fine.
The problem was that no one took our order or even water for 15 minutes.
We were there 25 minutes and never got our food although people around us arrived later and already had their food.
We left.
The food is supposed to be great.
We will never know.
The employees acted liked they were not trained well and did not know how to keep the flow of people going.

The Good:   The restaurant itself has a fantastic midcentury vibe with lots of open windows and nifty seating.
The menu was packed with so many delicious-sounding choices that I had a difficult time choosing just one.
Fortunately they would let you sub a pancake for your breakfast side so I got to choose two!
The food itself was magical; everything tasted exactly right and the portions were perfect for a filling meal.
The Bad:  First off, we were told there'd be a ~20 minute wait to get in.
I understand and have no big problems waiting at a busy restaurant, I even thought it was pretty whiz-bang that they'd take my number and text me when a table was ready.
Half an hour later my phone was still silent so I checked in and it turns out that the girl had noted my phone number incorrectly.
To her credit she seated us immediately after discovering the mistake.
Once seated one thing became immediately clear: this is a *noisy* restaurant.
There were parties of boisterous, energetic folks whose voices followed suit, and I'm okay dealing with that.
The problem is that the restaurant pumped in loud pop music on top of that, so there wasn't just the din of a busy restaurant but a cacophony of conflicting noises.
If you are hung over or otherwise want a quiet meal this is not the right place for you.
The Manic Pixie Dream Girl (google it) who served us was nice enough, but seemed eager to leave the table every time she engaged us and ended up missing small details like the coffee my dining partner ordered and later cream for that coffee.
Fortunately my dining partner had pre-loaded on complimentary coffee during our too-long wait for the table otherwise violence may have ensued.
The Weird:  While waiting for our table some old guy came walking up with his pot-bellied pig on a leash, the pig wearing a Snooze AM teeshirt.
I don't always expect to see my breakfast before eating it.
TL;DR:  I have a full tummy, but dealt with too much noise and neglect to be satisfied with the meal or the experience.

Not bad... but certainly not great.
There are several great breakfast joints in Phoenix and this is not one.
I've been here 3 times and unfortunately the food seems to be getting worse.
Today my toast was black burnt (not dark brown.. black).
Eggs were supposed to be "over medium" and were barely cooked.
Service is ok - overall friendly staff.
It just seems that this place could and should be so much better.
I don't get the buzz and long weekend waits... it's really not worth it.

Busy breakfast spot with lots of creative and yummy sounding choices from eggs Benedict to breakfast sandwiches, French toast and pancakes.
It's a bright and cheery interior with lots of booths and after 8 am a crowd of people waiting.
We sat at the counter which was nice and enjoyed the almost fresh squeezed OJ while we waited for our food.
I tried the cinnamon roll pancake (sweet concoction of crunchy pecans and caramel topping a large fluffy pancake) that was very good and my wife had the breakfast sandwich which came with crunch hash browns and was more than she could eat.
I'd definitely go back - especially if I'm up early.

I was refereed to this place from a friend and decided to check this place out yesterday.
It was a very nice looking spot but I had my order to go since I was at work.
I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was bomb!
Definitely going to come back.

YUM!
I am huge breakfast fan, and the food is delicious.
The first time I went for a birthday brunch on a Saturday morning, there was a very long wait-I won't deny that it was annoying, but us midtown/Arcadia folks love our bunches!
;) We were told a 90 minute wait (!
) but it was more of a 30 minute wait.
Even then, we did wait quite a bit for the food, plus some of our orders were messed... but, all was made up when we weren't charged for the mistakes PLUS a  $25 gift card!!
All was made right!
Pancakes were delish!!
Second time we went during the week for a brunch/lunch, with no wait.
And friendly service.
Eggs benedict were ahhmazing!
Check it out, but be prepared for the wait on weekends!

Breakfast restaurants are a natural place to start the day.
This one has vibrant colors and a modern decor.
We decided to sit on the patio since the music was loud and my friend couldn't hear with that much background sound.
The full bar provided a ginger beer and vodka drink that was delicious.
Heaters for chilly days are available but today it was not needed given the warm day.
Our brunch was sweet potato pancakes with caramel sauce and walnuts and an eggs benedict over palenta with hash browns.
They arrived a bit late as did the coffee, but the wait and a good stiff drink made the extra time fly by.
Ingredients are fresh and flavors are excellent, this food is exceptional.
Snooze has plenty of young people and a very kind and efficient staff that keeps pace with a constant steady business in the middle of the day.
The location is perfect with a high-end grocery store and a bulk store around the back of the mall.
After the meal you can walk around the renovated mall and shop to your heart's content.

I have been to Snooze 5 times, but have only eaten here twice.
The 3 times I was forced to turn away were because of 60-75 minute wait times.
The food is great and I have been pleased with all of the meals and drinks I have sampled off their menu, but the current trendiness and long wait times make me more likely to choose a different breakfast place in this area.
It's not really justifiable to eat here unless you really have a lot of time on your hands.
Today we waited 35 minutes to be sat and another 40 waiting for food.
Staff was friendly and pleasant and the patio table we sat at was very nice, but, again, it's just a crazy amount of time to devout to breakfast.
If they could find a way to seat and feed people in a more reasonable amount of time, Snooze would be worth WAY more stars.

Snooze is my new favorite breakfast place!
Lots of healthy choices for every liking.
Gluten free, dairy free, vegan.
A little pricey, but the service and quality are awesome!

My fiancé and I dined her frequently when they first opened, but the quality of the good and the service rapidly declined.
Such a disappointment.
I'll choose Luci's any day.

I am so glad I read my email, saw this place and checked it out on here.
I went on a Saturday morning around 9am and it was so packed!
If you go by the bar, they give you whatever bevy you need so your wait isn't awful.
They give you coffee in handle-less mugs and not disposable cups so you know that they care if you stay and not just leave.
Also, they send you a text when your table is almost ready so you can roam around while you wait.
And let me tell you, it is worth the wait.
When you are seated, all the staff great you as they see you and the customer service is great!
The menu may not look like a lot of options but when you read them, you want to try them all!!
Fortunately, you can do some mix and matching so you can try a few dishes at one.
For instance, if you like 2 of their eggs benedicts, you can get one of each!
They have the pancake flight where you can have 3 different delicious pancakes on one plate.
Speaking of which, we ordered the pancake flight that had pineapple upside down, caramel apple and sweet potato.
Listen...I don't even like pancakes like that but these...these were f-ing delicious!!!
They were light, not overly sweet and not too many overspend to over power the dish.
Also, I'm not a big sweet potato/sweet potato pie fan but I'd those sweet potato pancakes all day; they were that good!
We also got (we split the dishes so we can taste everything lol) the 3 egg omelette with chorizo, caramelized onions and jack cheese which came with a little tower of seasoned hash browns.
Those eggs were fluffy and delicious; not runny at all or slightly browned, just perfect.
We also topped it off nicely with the Mmm Mmm Mimosa; tasty and gets you toasty!
Like I said, so glad I went.
Our server Bianca was awesome and I'll definitely promote this place!

My roommate and I decided to try this place for a late brunch on a Saturday.
The wait was about 40-50 minutes but that was something we expected.
Luckily they text you when your table is ready so we did a bit of shopping while we waited.
Our waitress was really nice and attentive despite the morning rush.
I ordered the Ham Benedict III which was absolutely delicious, and my roommate had the Sandwich I Am which was also very tasty.
Both came with hash browns that were amazing!
It was a tiny bit loud, but otherwise a very pleasant atmosphere!
Overall a great experience, I will definitely be back.

Expect to wait 20+ minutes for a table, but the wait is SO worth it!

HOLY PANCAKE.
I came here for the first time on Saturday with my boyfran before taking in the sights of house-hunting around Arcadia.
Like Allie S. says, if we are going to be Arcadia folks, we better start brunching!
Everything here was amazing, but I am going to start with the best thing:   Chocolate Chip Pancake.
I'm kicking myself for not taking a photo, but I guess I just couldn't wait.
The pancake was crispy on top.. like how do I even explain it?..
this is a stretch but it was almost like crème brûlée.
Seriously incredible, best pancake I have ever eaten, and that's saying something.
We also had the ham eggs benedict.
the most classic style, I think it was called Ham Benedict III.
It was also the best benedict I've ever eaten, but not as unique in yumminess as the pancake.
It's not fair to compare a benedict to a pancake, I realize, but still that pancake... anyways,  Finally, we got the Breakfast Pot Pie.
I thought it was kinda weird, but I only had a bite.
Here's my bfs description: "Flaky, like a pot pie.
But not really.
I think I was just way more into the homemade chicken sausage" - which brings me to my next topic,  Homemade Chicken Sausage.
Again, not up my alley AT ALL, but he was in heaven.
That and the fresh squeezed OJ.
He was like "I don't even ask if it's fresh squeezed.
I just order it and if it's not fresh squeezed I know the food is going to be a joke.
" I guess he was right though, because the juice was delish, and the food was oMAHHHGAHHH good.

Unbelievable.
The wait sucked, but obviously that means its fantastic and they have a great system where you check in and you can go shop and they'll text you when your tables about ready so you can do whatever you want or shop while you wait, which theres plenty of in the area.
Best eggs benedict in Phoenix.
It doesn't matter which one you get they're all amazing.
Go here go here go here!!!!

Yum!
Cool atmosphere, great music and delicious food.
I'm not giving it 5 stars because I didn't have anything I couldn't live without, but I would definitely recommend it and will go again.
Liked the Bella Bella Benedict and the sausage gravy best but everything was good.
Subbed a pineapple upside down pancake for toast on one meal and 4 of us shared it as a dessert.
Couldn't imagine eating more than that - it's great, but a lot of sugar.
Bloody Mary's were ok. Oregano's and Carly's still have the best of those in the valley.
You're going to have at least a 30 min wait and maybe closer to an hour or more depending on when you go, so go shopping at My Sisters Closet and they will text you when it's time to head back over.
It's a nice feature since they don't take phone reservations.

This review is based solely on wait times and service:  We've been excited to try Snooze for a few weeks now so decided to have Sunday brunch there today.
The place is cute and I'm glad to see Town & Country getting some love.
The menu is great; the ability to customize is a nice feature, and the full bar is a necessity in this town.
All of these things are favorable.
Breakfast is a big deal in Phoenix and the competition is fierce, with a lot of time-tested favorites within 5 minutes of this place.
We didn't stick around after I stood in a line for 10 minutes only to be told that we would have to wait another 45 minutes to be seated.
Sorry Snooze, this is a deal-breaker for me.
I'm sure you'll find this out as it heats up.
With so many great dining choices in town, the service has to start the minute the customer arrives.
We don't HAVE to wait.
The 10-minute "pre",wait just adds insult to injury.
I really wanted to be knocked out by you but don't think I'll try you again until the service and wait time gets WAY better.

5 stars for the food, 2 stars for the experience.
Average it out to 3.5 and round down to 3 because the bathroom setup annoyed me so much and that's pretty much where Snooze is at.
We live pretty much across the street and had been meaning to try Snooze for a while, and actually tried to go on several occasions but the extreme wait time and my extreme hunger usually led us elsewhere.
But this time we had some shopping to do at Nordstrom Rack and figured we would put our names on the list beforehand and finally see what kind of culinary masterpieces this place is churning out to warrant up to a 2 hour wait time in an area with about a million other brunch options.
We arrived Sunday at around 11:00 AM.
They gave us a 45-60 minute wait time and I was actually impressed with how accurate it was.
We did some shopping at got a couple drinks at Grassroots next door (yes we pre-gamed brunch) and all in all it was fine.
Let it be known that this review is in no way affected by the long wait time to GET a table.
I get that there are only so many places we can all sit in a popular restaurant, and I'm more than happy that they are bringing people to Town & Country which, sidenote, does anyone remember when the only reason you went there was Trader Joe's and My Sister's Closet?
Shit cray.
However, what irked me is once you get inside you kind of realize WHY the table wait is so long, and it's not necessarily because they're popular.
It's because they are SO slow at bringing your food out they appear to have the table turnover of a strip club on Christmas Eve.
Lance and got on the list at 11:19, got our text that our table was ready at 12:11.
By 1:00 we still had not received our food which consisted of eggs benedict, pancakes, and a breakfast burrito.
WHAT exactly was the hold up?
I get that they are busy but isn't that the point of the entry throttle?
Did they just not build a kitchen big enough to serve the restaurant at full capacity?
Because I've been to much bigger restaurants with much more varied menus and waited about half the time as this place, and this is WITHOUT the hour-long long wait to even get seated.
Then I used the bathroom and it all became clear.
Let me paint a picture: The bathroom has two stalls.
It only has one sink.
By putting two stalls in the bathroom, it is implied that Snooze expected that, at least some of the time, they will both be in use, and by only putting one sink it is also expected that, at least some of the time, there will be a line for the sink.
Fine, we'll wait (again).
However...this sink isn't your average hand washing  station.
This is a hand washing AND drying station.
So right after you're done washing your hands, you stand in the exact same spot (you know, the spot where the person behind you that was in the other stall is waiting to wash their hands) and proceed to dry your hands with air dryers that stay on for about 3 seconds and have all the power of a battery operated necklace fan, hereby making it THE MOST INEFFICIENT BATHROOM OF ALL TIME.
If this is how they approach their bathroom, I can only imagine that their kitchen consists of a breakfast burrito station that can only be used once someone is done making waffles, a pancake griddle that doubles as a bacon skillet, and a fry cook who also busses tables and manages the restaurant's Twitter account.
Point being that no breakfast restaurant should take 45+ minutes to make food and there is likely some process improvement that could be put in place to reduce both the food wait AND the table wait, which was the main cause of the 2 star overall experience.
I will say the food was very, very good.
I got the Late Harvest Benny, which is interestingly served on Polenta rather than biscuits.
I love polenta so I was all about it.
I also got a bite of several of the pancake flavors (we split a flight) which were all pretty fantastic.
I know they are new, and if they ever get their shit together enough so there is less than a two hour span between getting on the wait list and paying my bill, I'll definitely come back.
I really hope they do.

Quinoa hot cereal and eggs Benedict were to die for!
Our waitress was so accommodating as she allowed me to combine my eggs benedict with two different kinds as I could not decide between the Bella Bella and the Benny Goodman.
So they gave me one of each so that was great!
Great coffee, great patio seating, and just great food!

I had the OMG french toast, it was beyond amazing.
I would say it is the best to French toast I ever had.
The service , here is excellent .thank you guys for making my morning

Anyone who knows me or reads my reviews knows that I LOVE brunch!!
Snooze is awesome!
I went to get my snowboard waxed across the street and one of the employees suggested this place.
I got a plate with smoked salmon and other delicious things that I can no longer remember but tasted delicious.
They give a lot of food and I had enough for a second meal later that day.
If it weren't a weekday and I didnt have class later, I would have definitely gotten a drink, or two....
They looked delicious!
Instead, I got tomato juice, which I also love.
My friend got their pancakes and we got to try 3 of them.
The sweet potato pancakes tasted like heaven.
i was extremely skeptical and did NOT want to taste them, but am SO glad I did.
We decided that we are definitely coming back and bringing more people so we can get a lot more food and try EVERYTHING.

Pineapple upside down PANCAKES ARE THE BESTEST EVER!!!
I'm from Colorado too, so I know how involved they are with charity and volunteer work in their area.
Great establishment!
I usually do one of two things.
The burrito, so similar to a chimichanga.
The Chilaqiles Benedict are pretty darn good.
This week was national pancake day, so I decided to go to snooze.
They had a portion of their pancake sales going to a hospital charity so I loaded up and went a bit out of my comfort zone.
I ordered the Spud Deluxe and THREE different pancakes ( a portion of each pancake went to a hospital charity) For my pancakes I chose the Velvet(I'm not a chocolate fan but just sounded good) second I chose a banana glaze, walnut, and sweet creme cheese type of pancake( just the sound of the name creme cheese makes me eek cause I am big on cream but it was still good.
) to finish it off as a dessert I made my last pancake are the PINEAPPLE UPSIDE DOWN CAKE.
I love those pancakes.
For my spud deluxe I added Avocado, an egg, and slow roasted pork.
It was both delicious and large in portion.
Being from Colorado I LOVE everything about this place.
An even though there is always a wait, even though they're not as busy as their Colorado locations I still love everything about this place!

It was so nice to have breakfast in Phoenix and not have to wait an hour for a table!
Perhaps there will be a wait once this joint is fully discovered.
Maybe I shouldn't be leaving a review?
Whatever.
I had the Chilaquiles Benedict... so good.
I literally could have licked the plate.
I almost had to take it down to four stars because the waitress was a little TOO attentive.
Then I kinda wondered if that was such a bad thing.
In a day and age when you are lucky if the server would even spit on you if you were on fire, the over-server wins.
That and the place was totally adorable inside.
Oh!
If you aren't a fan of tables with chairs, this place is all booths.
You'll love it.
Go.
Eat.
Be the chubby kid on the playground!

Cinnamon roll pancake = easily one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten...perfect pancake, and I am a pancake fanatic so this is saying something...pretty good service too but be prepared to spend some time there.

LOVE this place.
Delicious.
The downside is that it may become an addiction.
When friends or family come to town this will be my go-to place for breakfast.
The pineapple upside down cakes are beyond belief.
I've been four times, have tried something new each time, and each time thought it was fantastic.
Love the decor and the staff is very courteous and friendly.

Pretty good food, open air atmosphere and good service.
The wait time was about 45 minutes but with plenty of places to shop or window shop why not wait.
Tried their coffee (Guatemalan) which was strong but so good.
Shared some pancakes with a friend, the peanut butter pancake was delicious, the chocolate chip was good too but a bit sweet with the chocolate.
Ordered the pot pie breakfast and it was a egg over easy (your choice really) gravy with sausage over a flaky crispy flour bed, tasted like biscuits & gravy to me.
Hashbrowns were ok, nothing amazing there.
The staff is good, this morning most waitresses were dressed as Disney Characters which was nice.
They have a bar that serves alcohol as well if you need a nice pick me up.

Verde Bloody Mary and the Havana Benny is my perfect breakfast.
If you want to try two different Benny's, you can split an order of two Bennys.
The pancakes are great, especially the cinnamon bun pancake.
A few other good ones were the Samoa (like the girl scout cookie) and the pineapple upside down pancake.
Service is extremely friendly and great, but its EXTREMELY SLOW.
Everytime I've gone we always get bloody mary's and mimosa's and it takes FOREVER.
Then the food takes even longer to get, but you know what??
Its worth the wait.
Expect to be waiting for a table too, each time I've gone its been about 45 min.

Snooze is a-maze-ing!
I have not had a single thing that I didn't even not like a little bit.
The pancakes are to die for.
Get a flight so you can try 3 different kinds.
The OMG French toast is seriously "Oh My Goodness this is delish!
" Each and every one of the Benedict's are a knock out, its so hard to choose they let you get to different kinds on one plate!
The only thing I think could be a little bit improved on is the hash browns they don't wow but it doesn't stop me from enjoying the shit out of them with a perfectly cooked over medium egg on top.
I've yet to try the drinks but I'm sure they won't disappoint!
Snooze is a definite must!

Delicious!
The flight of pancakes was amazing!
I can't wait to go back and try the breakfast pot pie!

I can't believe people wait 90 minutes to eat here.
Maybe it was just an off day but I was disappointed.
Bad service and bad food.
If you can't cook eggs correctly, than you have no business serving breakfast.

We came here a few weeks ago, mid week for breakfast.
First off, it's a restaurant, and the food was absolutely delicious.
Unique menu items and ungigantic portions.
We tried a few different benedict dishes and they even let you substitute different ones.
I am unlikely to return anytime soon though secondary to the terrible experience actually getting a table which allowed us access to said great food.
Briefly, we were told 30 minutes to wait, 45 minutes later they say 'you are next', then proceed to seat four additional parties (same size of our own).
I don't feel that I am entitled to special treatment, but please just be honest with me, otherwise you look incompetent.

Very unique breakfast options that will keep you coming back again and again!
Amazing atmosphere, reasonable prices and a friendly staff make this place the ultimate breakfast eatery.

Oh Snooze how we love thee!!!
Everything was absolutely wonderful!
We waited a while before we got seated however I can see why this place is so popular.
My husband had the "Pancake Flight" where he got the OMG French Toast, Pineapple Pancake and Apple Pie Pancake...
Seriously AMAZING.
I got the simple 3-egg breakfast... EVERYTHING was cooked to perfection.
I highly recommend this place.

Best breakfast we've had in Phoenix for its' price range!
We tried 7 kinds of pancakes with a "Pancake Flight" for each of us, plus a special house pancake called "Sinner's Delight" that blends maple and bacon.
Also gave homage to the Chillaquera Benedict and breakfast tacos, including the house hash browns.
Topped it all off with the Socialist Pig and Rocky Mountain Mule cocktails, along with a cup of their delicious coffee.
Literally everything we had was beyond delicious.
The atmosphere is great, the service is friendly, and the food is fantastic.
Definitely worth the wait!

If you're going to Snooze, get there about an hour before you plan on being hungry.
The wait is crazy.
We have tried to go 2 prior times and was advised of waits in excess of 75 minutes... For eggs!?
Needless to say, we didn't wait.
We arrived today and only had to wait for 35 minutes, which seemed reasonable given the other wait experiences.
We were seated and noticed the decor to be nice and the service to be friendly.
The food was good, albeit smaller portion than I expected for $11.50.
The Bloody Mary was a little blah, nothing special and the coffee was decent.
It was good.
Not great.
I will be back...
Depending on the wait.

Now HERE is were the benny's are at.
Perfectly poached eggs, a killer hollandaise sauce, and enough variety of flavors for you to mix and match.
You get two bennys and hash browns per order.
The portions look small when the plates arrive, but they will definitely fill you up.
Granted, my friend and I also got a plate of pancakes to share along with his own entree.
And our mimosas.
And beermosas (With FRESH OJ, mind you.
I loathe minute maid and concentrate junk).
But it's ok because their prices aren't outrageous like some other bfast spots so you can go ahead and order whatever the heck you want.
The spuds were great although a little carb heavy.
The pancakes have a nice crispy exterior and a smooth fluffy interior.
This probably will be my go-to breakfast joint!
Food is definitely worth the wait.
Just anticipate that when timing your arrival and estimated eat time.
Plus there's nordstrom rack, trader joes, and whole foods for you to peruse while waiting for the text saying your table is almost ready.

Came here for the first time today with my boyfriend & we have to say...this is probably one of our new favorite brunch spots.
First off, wait is ridiculous.
We arrived around 11:00am & wait was about 60-75 mins for 2 people...crazy!
We put our name down & went on some errands.
They'll text you 5 mins before your table is ready.
I got the text, checked in & for some reason waited an additional 20 mins.
Apparently they forgot about us so we asked to be seated at the bar.
To make up for the wait they gave us a free giant caramel apple pie pancake...it was insanely yummy.
I'm not a fan of Apple pie but I would order this pancake again.
For cocktails we ordered the spicy Bloody Mary (with habanero & jalepeno infused vodka) & spicy gazpacho Bloody Mary (with cucumber, garlic & bell pepper infused vodka).
Both were delicious!
As for food, we ordered the chilaquiles Benedict & Bella Bella Benny Benedict (with proscuitto, arugula & balsamic glaze).
Food & flavors were incredible!
Everything on their food & drink menus are unique & there's a good variety of brunch items.
The girls at the bars were super nice & attentive and the restaurant has a cool, hip, trendy vibe/atmosphere.
Would definitely come back to try other brunch items & would recommend it to our friends...just have to keep in mind of the crazy wait time.

This place is awesome!
I've been here twice now and both experiences have been great.
The wait is a little long on the weekends but it's well worth it, as the menu selections are out of this world.
They use free-range eggs, there are lots of vegetarian options, and they have amazing breakfast cocktails.
I highly recommend the breakfast scramble, which you kind of create yourself, as you get to select the fillings.
The tortilla option is tasty (I think they're made in-house).
On top of that, the pancakes are honestly the best I've ever had!
I've only tried the cinnamon roll ones so far but they are so unbelievably delicious - I've never had any pancakes that come close to the ones at Snooze.
Great customer service on top of it all - a fabulous place!

Great food.
Great place to eat!
Want something different?
Eat at Snooze!
Worth the wait time.

I had the Ruben, which was messy but still good.
The wife had the Green Eggs and Hamwich and was worth the trip alone.
Anyone who comes here needs to try it.
Price was average, and service was great.

Good food with a flair!
Solid, friendly service in a hip atmosphere that manages to stretch almost to the edge of being cheesy yet it works.
We will be back when in the area for sure.

WOW!
We got there, and there was a line.
They asked for my cell phone number.
I gave it to them and instantly got an email telling me that I would get another text when my table is ready.
A quick 15 minutes later, the four of us sat.
So many good choices!
I had the pancake flight with my choice of any three of their pancake flavors!
All three were great!
I had chocolate batter with strawberries, blueberry pancakes, and pineapple upside down!
the coffee was also good.
the others with me enjoyed theirs also.
One commented how much they like the weight of the silverware!
don't you hate when the fork weighs less then plastic ware--not here!
My wife said the bathroom was clean but a bit small.
Anyway, this is the first location in AZ.
I will be back, and I.
Highly recommend it if you are nearby.
We drove from ahwatukee and it was worth the drive!
The general manager came from Paradise bakery, and knows how to please guests!
I would have bought a hat or tshirt as a souvenir, but did not see them displayed anywhere!
Oh well, maybe next time!
Snooze AM Eatery!
Only open until 2:30, so enjoy a hearty breakfast!

I blame snooze for making every meal I ate after theirs seem  ho hum.
The flavor of the meal was amazing as was the service, thanks for a great meal.
I had the Benny goodman and a traditional eggs Benedict.
We are going to bookend our trip with another bite from the "snooze" before flying back to Sitka, Alaska.

Quoted 65-75 min on a Sunday, waited 1:45.
Checked in w hostess twice who said were running 12 min behind.
No apology or explanation, she just kept pointing to her ipad.
When checking in the third time we were told they texted us six minutes ago.
No text, hostess wrote the number down wrong.
Hostess never came to find us, even though we'd asked her twice where we were in line.
Do better hostess, it's your job to find us-esp when we've checked in.
You know who we are.
The girl bussing our table was super slow, no sense of urgency whatsoever.
I felt badly for our server, who was walking into a hornets nest.
But then she didn't bring us water for 10min, so that feeling disappeared quickly.
But she was super friendly, so she deserves credit for trying to rescue our experience.
The food arrived fairly quickly but in batches and was not hot.
Can't explain that one.
Egg whites and pineapple upside down pancake were late or forgotten.
The manager never stopped by once, but to their credit we never asked for a deal of any kind either.
We're from Denver and the Snoozes there are much better than what we experienced in Phoenix.
Note: Our family owns a steakhouse and knows what they're doing.
This group failed us.
Especially when a family waits so long.
No accountability for our experience.
Do better.

Good, but not great.
Perhaps a shortage of breakfast spots in the area are contributing to the hype..?
They were consistently busy from 9am to 10:30 am on a Thursday, which I found impressive...
It was spring break though, so maybe that had something to do with it.
On to the food review:  I had a pancake flight and enjoyed em, but was not blown away by them.
The best part of the pancakes were the toppings.
Both the marscapone on the apple, and the caramel sauce and ginger butter on the sweet potato were uber-yummy.
The pineapple upside down and apple pancakes on their own were not impressive.
The sweet potato pancake was good on its own.
The others at my table LoVeD their hashbrowns.
The portion was good and the seasonings were perfect.
The table unanimously HaTeD the bacon.
To say it was crispy is an understatement.
It was about 8 seconds on the grill from being bacon dust.
By the time our server came by, we were wrapping up eating and didn't want to wait for new sides to be made though.
She was nice about it and comp'd the house made chicken sausage I ordered as an apology.
The chicken sausage wasn't anything I would order again.
It was ground chicken, lightly spiced and placed on the griddle under a press ... served up flat as a board!
Not very attractive and only mildly tasty, which improved slightly with salt.
My mom had the breakfast burrito with both red and green sauce.
That was probably the winner at the table and the green sauce was darn good.
Snooze has great coffee and BIG mugs, which was nice cuz as I mentioned, service can be a bit slow w/refills and to check on you.
I'd consider returning if prompted by friends.
Not sure I'd wander that far on my own for breakfast when places like Morning Squeeze are close by and have been unanimously stellar.

Long wait but worth it.
Love the pancake flight.
One of the best breakfast places in the area.

I went to Snooze several months ago, around when it first opened.
I totally spaced on writing a review.
D'oh!
But I remember everything so well, I'll just go ahead and write one anyway.
4 months later.
Gonna be super accurate.
I went here with 2 other friends of mine during peak brunch hour.
i.e., when yo' ass rolls out of bed on a Saturday around 10:30AM.
It was pretty crowded, but we only ended up waiting about 20 minutes or so.
I just stood outside and snapped pictures of their awesome sign.
Such pretty typography + signage (insert nerdy laugh-snort).
Once inside and seated, I became increasingly impressed by their fantastic brand consistency.
Everything felt so...cool and retro.
What the Hell guys, why didn't you hire me as your graphic designer!?
I would've traded my work for food.
Anyway, our orders were promptly taken by extremely friendly staff.
It DID take an overly long time for our food to arrive, but they hadn't been open very long and it was ridiculously busy, so I wasn't too surprised by that.
Once the food came, I snarfed it down and washed food particles away with some delicious mimosas.
I don't have a massive appetite usually, but I felt their dishes were perfectly proportionate.
Just enough food to fill you up, but not too much to put you into a brunch food coma for the rest of the afternoon.
I wish I could recall exactly what I ate, but I'm writing this review 4 months later, so my memory is a bit wonky.
Oh, remember a few sentences ago when I said our food took a while to arrive?
They felt the need to make up for that by gifting us a free pancake that tasted like A FREAKIN' SAMOA.
Yeah, I forgive you.
Like immediately.
Overall, everything was really tasty and appropriately priced.
Staff was genuinely kind and really easy to interact with.
It gave me the opportunity to crack a bunch of cheesy jokes with our server.
I haven't been back since, mostly because I just eat a banana for breakfast when I wake up in the morning.
But next time I get HONGRAY for some brunch, I'll definitely hit this place up.
Plus, I can ride my bicycle there!
Wow dude!
bye

We were very excited to visit the new Snooze in Phoenix with our relatives from Denver.
We arrived on a Sunday morning, at 10 am, and were told that the wait time was 60 to 75 minutes.
TWO HOURS LATER, after checking with the hostess three times after 90 minutes, we were told that we were the next table and that there were only 3 names ahead of us.
I didn't have the heart to ask WHAT that meant!
Obviously, by the time that we were seated, we had decided which items each of us would order.
Between the 8 of us, we each ordered something different to try and get a good cross section of the offerings.
Ok, lets start with the positive.
Our server was excellent.
Ummmmmmmmm, I didn't try the bacon, but it looked fine.
Our booth was comfortable.
Silverware was clean.
Now, the rest of the story.
One would think that with a two hour wait the food should be pretty darn impressive.
Most of the people, who were around us while we were waiting, were also making their first visit to Snooze AM Eatery.
It will be interesting to see how long the hype can keep crowds curious.
I ordered the corn beef hash.
It arrived with 2 cold eggs, over easy, and a pitiful small helping of burnt has browns with less than an ounce of corned beef.
(I've owned my own restaurant for 30 years, it was less then an ounce.
)  I tried 2 bites of each of the pancakes that we had ordered.
The first to see how they were, and the second to make sure that they were actually as bad as I thought after the first bite.
I honestly don't know which was worse, the presentation, or the nasty taste.
They all sounded great on the menu.
Well, they can certainly talk the talk, but they definitely can not walk the walk.
Lets just say that I would not return to this restaurant if it was across the street from my house, with no wait, and it was free.
At 61 years of age, and for someone who has eaten all over the Country, and eats out often, this is by far the worst food that I have ever been served in a restaurant.
P.S.
I know why they call the French Toast, OMG.
It was exactly what I said as I pushed the plate away.

Should you try this place?
Sure.
Is the food good?
I wasn't amazed  Would I come back?
Eh.

We found Snooze back in October in San Diego.
After a great breakfast, we told them they needed to open one in Phoenix... lo and behold, it was already in the works!
We moved two weeks ago to California, but we had been every Saturday since they opened.
Have not had anything I don't like here.
The wifey is gluten intolerant so they have gluten free toast and pancakes she loves.
It's not on the menu, but ask for the cinnamon roll pancake... just do it.
We would get it as an appetizer!
Stop reading and try it.
It is well worth the 45 min - hour wait.

I am only leaving 4 stars because the place is soo damn loud you can't hear your table mates.
The gluten free blueberry pancakes I had were fantastic!!!
Better than Butters....
Which is where I usually go.
Service was good, and waitress was busy, but attentive.
Ambiance of course was loud, but the decor in the place is absolutely right up my alley!!!
Id love one of those round tables and round booths for my own kitchen!!!
Will definitely return!

Yum, yum, yum.
Every weekend the line to get into Snooze is insane.
So, instead I went with some co-workers over the lunch hour.
The atmosphere is great and the overall vibe is very retro, really cool.
Service was great and we even got to sample a free Apricot Pecan pancake.
I had the cinnamon roll pancake and hash-browns and they were Deeeelicious.
I will be back!

First the Bangkok Bloody Mary is one of the best we've had - rivaling Screen Door (Portland) and Hash House a Go-Go (San Diego).
Loved the ability to pick two Hollandaise dishes from the menu and chose the meat/Mexican one and the Benny Goodman (lox).
Both were excellent, as was the toast, sausage and coffee - no mean feat.
A new favorite in Phoenix - in the top few with Farmhouse in Gilbert and Matt's in Phoenix.
Wait staff was very friendly - lots of people came over and so it was fun, but wondering if it's really efficient?
One point off because the free coffee only comes with plastic cups that were recently washed and frankly looked unappetizing.
Paper would be much more sanitary.
Nonetheless we'll be back.

Went for breakfast yesterday.
It was a long wait but they have a full bar, free coffee and plenty of seats for waiting.
I had Mmm..Mmm mimosa and my boyfriend had the spicy Bloody Mary.
I had the scramble bacon and barbacoa and it was delicious.
The other 3 people I was with had Juan's tacos, Bella Bella Benny and the chilaquies (spelling?
) Benny.
It was excellent and I would go back again.

Bangkok Bloody Mary, helping my recovery aches from the CrossFit Open 14.5 workout.
They also let you split your eggs Benedict order so you can end up trying two kinds of their bennies.
Super friendly staff, nice open environment with plenty of fresh air.
Genius!

Waited over an hour for the table.
Food was good but not worth the wait in my opinion.
Did like that they can cater to the gluten free pretty easily.

Ok, Phoenix peeps, there will be a wait if you go peek hours.
I would recommend going before they close or early in the morning.
In addition, after reading the previous reviews, I believe people gave A-Ok reviews based on the wait.
However, if you break it down, this is a BREAKFAST restaurant that specializes in pancakes my taste buds have never tasted in my life.
It is popular and new, therefore, there will be a wait!
I wrote an awesome review about the location in San Diego, and I will say the quality and taste is just the same in Phoenix.
For those that have tasted better pancakes elsewhere, please tell me so I can try them.
On the other hand, their pineapple upside down and caramel apple pancakes are so sweet you think you were eating dessert.
All other pancakes shiver in its presence.
If you want a more thorough review, read up on my San Diego review.
However, they have amazing pancakes with a great selection of your traditional breakfast platters with a twist.
Check in, walk around and shop, enjoy your company, and feast on some great brunch at Snooze!
We will see you again Snooze!

I've been to Snore 5 times now, here in Phoenix.
Alright, it's "Snooze".
I'm not sure I like either name.
Because if I'm "snoozing", why would I be at breakfast?
In fact, I think "BREAK-FAST!
Is a better name than Snooze or Snore.
But I digress...my first visit was to a San Diego Snore location.
and that visit was fast, friendly and delicious!
And accommodating, everything a great breakfast can and should be.
The last two visits were bad and I think they're moving in the wrong direction.
First of all, the servers are a whole bunch less friendly than the hostesses.
In fact, they're kinda aloof.
Worse is slow: last Sunday, I waited almost 25 minutes from order to delivery and everything on my plate was a different temperature: the toast was hot and delicious, the hash browns and eggs, cold...literally cold.
It was replaced and was delicious.
But I dunno, I think you gotta get that right the first time.
Today, I met a friend, she clearly ordered Corned Beef Hash with scrambled eggs and a pancake.
The eggs and pancake showed up alright and the Corned Beef Hash followed a good 12 minutes later.
Never ordered.
Now, I'm not going to pay $15 each for breakfast, featuring poorly prepared food with slow, aloof server/service, (who today was not aloof, but was not really in-tune with waiting tables)...and a smiling hostess.
Not worth it.
Last, someone also pointed out something to me: you notice how breakfast joints, IHOP, Denny's, they always smell like a breakfast joint?
Whether it's the sausage/bacon, I don't know what it is, but they DO have that "breakfasty" smell, and, well, you don't get that at Snooze.
Why is that?

Great service!
Tasty food!
A great place to eat;  I recommend earring here but they do closer early (2:30)

Not a big fan of breakfast food (but the girlfriend is, so we brunch) but I always find something really good here.
Plus they can do just about everything gluten free.
The wait can suck, so go early or on a weekday.
Chairs are a little weird.

My Gluten-Free boyfriend and I first tried Snooze while in San Diego and loved it.
So we were incredibly excited to learn that one opened in the Valley.
We tried to go one weekend, but the wait was too long.
So, we ended up going on a Thursday.
We waited a bit, but I think that's really a testament to the food.
I ordered the corned beef hash.
And guys, it's real corned beef!
Not out of a can, like at most places.
It had a crisp to it and it was so delicious.
My boyfriend loves it because just about everything on the menu can be made gluten-free.
The waitress treated us to a pineapple upside down pancake (gluten-free) and wow.
It was amazing.
I can't wait to come back here.
Yes, there is a wait and I'd stay away from this place on the weekends.
But make time one week day morning.
You won't regret it.

If you love pancakes, you would be in heaven!
they are sooooo moist and flavourful, but the sweetness is just about right.
The pineapple upside down one has sooo much things going on, while not overpowering the pineapple flavour from the pancakes.
The chocolate ones are sooo chocolaty but yet not overly sweet.
The chorizo side is really tasty; mixed their hashbrown with one of their hot sauces was another good option if you choose to go the savory route.
but you can always add a little extra and have the pancakes to come with your savory brunch dish, so you don't have to face the sweet or savory dilemma :D

I've just discovered my new favorite breakfast locale!
I had the bangkok bloody mary and the snooze breakfast burrito.
The bloody mary: It was great!
I love bloody mary's that are spiced with Siracha.
They add crushed red pepper to the rim of the glass.
That was a cool delicious add on.
The breakfast burrito: Wow!
So good.
I will say, that I customized it.
I had them do egg whites, avocado inside, no cheese and sauce on the side.
Tons of moderations and they got everything correct!
The black beans in the burrito are purred which is delicious.
What a great little breakfast place.
Good food, good drinks, good patio.....a win in my book.

We arrived at Snooze for what would be our final meal here AZ before heading back home.
My sister claims this is her favorite breakfast spot in Phoenix--which is a huge recommendation considering every breakfast here has been terrific.
As I perused the menu I noticed they had a nice selection of fancy pancakes and they all sounded terrific.
My Brother-in-law pointed out that they had a thing called the "Pancake Flight" where you can choose any three flavors you want.
Pancake Flight:  Pineapple Upside Down Pancake- I had to get this since it was one of the Yelp Review Highlights, and it was pretty good but didn't live up to the hype.
I actually would've appreciated more Pineapple in it.
While it was good, I doubt I'd order it again.
3*  Molten Chocolate Lava Pancake- This was a little slice of Heaven; it's a chocolate buttermilk pancake with a huge dollop of chocolate custard in the middle and topped with a Tangerine Glaze.
Oh, yeah.. it's as good as it sounds.
4.5*  Pancake of the Day- Snooze features a different Pancake everyday, so be sure to ask your server before making any final decisions.
On the day I was there it was some kind of Salted Caramel/Cinnamon concoction with a dollop of Ancho-Chocolate Custard in the middle.
My jaw dropped as our waitress described it--much as yours did as you read my description.
It was superb, and if you're lucky enough to be there when they feature it you *must* get it.
5*  Chocolate-Peanut Butter- My wife ordered this as a side to her eggs, and it was so massive I had to help her finish it--one of the perks when you're married to a light eater!
It was pretty good, and tasted a lot like a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.
I'm not a huge Reese's fan, but if you are then this should be right up your alley!
3.5*  Coffee- Above-standard Diner Coffee, but nothing special.
They have a whole placard on your table ballyhooing their coffee, but I just didn't get it.
3.5*  Service & Ambiance- Our server was excellent, and I wish I could remember her name and give her credit, but I misplaced the receipt as well.
She was a tall, pretty brunette--you can't miss her.
Snooze is a very clean and modern-looking, but I found some of their decorations to be a bit cloying--especially that huge asterisk logo thingy.
The place also gets very loud, which I don't particularly want first thing in the morning.
Time to invest in some sound dampeners, me thinks.
4.5*-service/2.5*-Ambiance  Value- Standard AZ value of less than $10 for breakfast, but still cheaper than Cali pricing.
4*  Everyone really enjoyed their breakfast here at Snooze; I was tempted to give it a 5th star, but the noise factor was a bit of a turn-off.
I'd still probably say it's a solid 4.5-star breakfast joint, and I'd definitely go again and again if I lived in the area; I'll just try to remember to bring some earplugs next time.

Normally breakfast places are very ho hum, but not this place!
We joined a large group of yelpers for breakfast and I'm in love...with the food that is... they have a pretty eclectic menu of ommelettes, crazy pancakes and several styels of eggs benedict.
I opted for the Havana Benny, think a cuban sandwich but eggs benedict.
The base was this killer swiss bread pudding topped with poached eggs, ham, roated pork, pickeles and this creamy sauce.
Just insanely good.
Wifey was a bore and got a pick three items omellete and some hash browns.
all in all, fantastic food.
I also had a few breakfast cocktails..the Bangkok, which iwas a spicy bloody mary and then a breakfast manhattan...yup you read that right.
think Irish coffee but with bourbon and espresso...stupid good.
Al in all, great place and I cant wait to go back

I came here for the latest get together of the Breakfast Club.
We usually get together on Saturday and not quite so early but this time we had to go Sunday because of other events and went early to beat the crowds.
I didn't know it was a chain.
Of course I had never even heard of it before but I'm glad I did.
We sat outside I think because there were so many of us but it was great weather for it.
I poked my head inside and it was very nice.
Even though there were 14 or 16 of us, I lost count, our server did a great job.
She was always checking on us and refilling drinks.
Sure it took a little while but we were a large group.
I like how they let you mix and match things to create just what you want.
I got the blueberry pancakes and the French toast.
I got the toned down French toast because I'm not a fan of coconut and something else that was on it.
But it was still really good and so where the pancakes.
I saw some good looking Benedicts around the table.
I will have to try one of those next time because this time I was in the mood for pancakes then the French toast sounded really good too.
I had a great time.
Saw some Yelp friends that I feel like I haven't seen in a long time plus I got to sit next to one of my favorite Yelpers the beautiful Cheryl.
I will definitely be back.
I want to try some of the other things on the menu but the pancakes and French toast were great.
I could not even finish the pancakes.
They were huge but so good.
I had to stop myself from eating more.
Shout out to some Yelp friends: Meagan B, it was nice to met your stunt double lol your Mom, and Jennifer O and her husband and the staples of any great Yelp event Jon H. and Amy H. See you guys later.

So yummy!
Good coffee, had a Bananutella pancake and a breakfast taco.
The pablano hollandaise sauce makes the taco.
If you're new to this place, they will do half orders on nearly everything, and make just about everything tailored to taste.
Good service too.
Will be back!

When I go to a fancy breakfast place, I look for reasons to even be there instead of Ihop, Denny's, etc because A - its usually more expensive and B - its hard to improve on eggs over easy and bacon and these places are solid.
I was going to get the breakfast pot pie but from the description it seemed less like a pie, more like a biscuit and gravy dish with a pie crust in place of biscuit.
I'm glad I asked because that's exactly what it was.
So I got the BLT instead.
Yea, it had a fancy pesto mayo on it and some kinda soft cheese but other than that, its your basic BLT and regular bacon (described as soft belly bacon).
It was good, but not good enough that I'd ever order this again.
I tried my friend's 3-ingredient omelet (sausage, cheddar and mushroom) and it was kind of dense and flavorless.
The hash browns are better than I thought they'd be, as they were shredded potatoes in the shape of a cylinder with only the top part crispy and I usually like these fried parts the best.
Nothing really special about them besides the shape.
Really, the only thing I've ever heard people rave about this place is the pancake flight deal so I won't fully dismiss the place til I've tried a pancake.
I probably won't be clamoring to be back anytime soon though.

Quick Summary: We went on a Sunday Morning during a busy time and expected to wait.
They seated us within the predicted time frame and promptly took our orders.
The ambiance is welcoming and bright with large open windows that nicely blend the outdoors with the indoors.
The servers were friendly and the food was great.
I've listed some pros and cons below.
Overall we were very satisfied.
Pros: *Ambiance - Cool retro Jetsons  -like theme.
*Could get coffee and specialty drinks from the bar while waiting to be seated.
*Gluten free pancakes for adults and kids and the kids plates were completely polished off because they loved them so much.
*Excellent fluffy and tasty pancakes.
*3rd Street Chai (aka their Honey Vanilla sweet chai) was really good...so good my wife ordered a second one.
*Orange juice was fresh and delicious.
*Pineapple upside down pancake was great.
*Balloon animals for the kids on this Sunday morning made smiles and gave us something for the kids to take home.
*Friendly servers.
Cons: *Music in restaurant a little too loud for normal conversation and made it hard to hear the server.
*Table Turn Times slow.
Many tables were empty for up to 5 minutes waiting to be bussed after a party left.
Of course, when you're starving, even a few minutes seems like forever.
*Not enough sauce initially on my Strawberry Rhubarb pancakes.
*The strawberry rhubarb pancake only came with a blended sauce and no real strawberries.
Go and enjoy!

First time and it is my new favorite breakfast spot!!!!
I couldn't decide which of their amazing pancakes to try and they have a "flight of pancakes" which you can choose 3- I tried strawberry rhubarb with marscapone cream, blueberry, and sweet potato which has Carmel sauce and pecans- I still can't decide which was my favorite!!
Also the waitress was awesome!!
She brought us a "cake of the day" to try (apple and nuts topped with a cinnamon pastry) which was amazing (salty and sweet) AND when my husband ordered a Bloody Mary, she brought me a complimentary virgin orange snoozius because I'm 9months pregnant and she knew I couldn't have the alcohol.
I will definitely be back and often!!!!

Crazy good!
Now we are crazy full!
Our server Britt was very helpful, responsive and a delightful person.
We had green eggs and hamwich, breakfast burrito,  sammy I am, and flight of pancakes.
Place has a cool vibe and a good pace of service.
Great meal and experience.
Would come back in a heartbeat.

Sadly I'm giving them a 1 star because I sat there for 10 minutes (while writing this review) before walking out!
I realize it was later in the afternoon but to be completely ignored for that long (when the restaurant isn't even busy) is ridiculous!
I love this place back home in CO so when I saw that we had one in PHX I was ecstatic!
I hope they don't treat all their "lunch" hour guests that way!!

It was April's Breakfast Club UYE meet up and the place picked was Snooze AM Eatery, I have say I was pretty excited to try this place out, and before I even got there I knew I wanted the Pineapple Upside-down Pancakes, how good does that sound??
Oh I was so ready to give it a try!
After everyone was seated we all glanced the menu and after looking at all the great things, I was unsure of what to get, everything sounded soo good.
When it came time to order I went with the Chilaquiles Benedict.
I love eggs benedict and when you can get them styled differently that makes me happy.
The Chilaquiles Benedict is barbacoa beef over ranchero sauced tortillas & melted cheese topped with poached eggs & a cream cheesy hollandaise sauce pico de gallo & cotija cheese with a side of hash potatoes.
This dish was visually stunning, and it tasted just as great, very flavourful dish, loved every bite.
Though I didn't get what I originally was wanting, I was not disappointed at all.
I loved my dish and look forward to going back to try some more.

Everything and I mean everything is made from scratch!
French toast is delicious and hash best I've ever had!

Sit at the bar and ask for Andy.
Best service and breakfast in PHX, hands down!
Gluten free eggs Benedict and pancakes available.
This place will get your morning off to a great start :)

I went to Snooze in Denver two and a half years ago and have been dreaming about going back ever since.
I was ecstatic to learn this morning while searching for a place for breakfast that one was here in Phoenix!
It was as fantastic as I remembered.
The OMG French Toast was worthy of my dreams the last couple of years.
Fantastic.
Prepare to wait to get in- but once you're in the service is fast, friendly and fabulous.
Everyone is so friendly.
They do get your number and text you when your table is ready- which is nice- that means you can shop in the surrounding stores or have one person drop in and put your name down and then come back in an hour when your table is ready.

OMG, this place is so so so so so yummy...and there's a line out the door for it on the weekends that I just can't force myself to stand in, otherwise I'd be there more often!
I had one of the eggs bennie and one of their dessert-like pancakes.
So delicious.
Great for kids.
Love the booths!

I should have had the pancakes.
Don't get me wrong.
The omelet I had wasn't bad.
I'm giving the place four stars after all.
The eggs and ingredients tasted fresh.
However; even for three eggs, it was pretty dense and for $9 I think access to more than three fillings (including cheese) without extra charges wouldn't be asking too much.
It did come with hash browns and toast, so that certainly does help justify the price being a dollar or two more than I would like to pay for breakfast.
The orange juice is awesome.
It tasted like the oranges were squeezed to order.
The employees are awesome.
I was alone just trying to get a quality bite to eat while my car was being worked on down the street.
I sat at the bar and the server was quick and efficient handling all the people sitting around.
He also offered everyone at least a water "to-go" as they paid their checks (anyone who had tea or coffee was offered that in a take out cup).
Snooze is bigger, cleaner, and more modern looking than most of the breakfast spots you're probably used to hitting up.
It's certainly worth at least a try.
But next time, I think I'm going to try the pancakes.
Or maybe the french toast.

Lots of creative breakfast and brunch options that taste as good as they sound!
We will be back!

It's breakfast.
Snooze turns it into a special meal.
Great menu, great service, great decor, great everything - except the wait.
I have never been to Snooze - weekend or weekday when I didn't have to wait at least 15 minutes - over an hour on weekends.
But I wait cause it's worth it.
I'm not one for the sweet pancakes though they are delicious.
I love the spuds with lots of fillings and a poached egg on top.
The benedict with the lox is killer good.
Go often - try everything!
I'm only giving four stars cause I hate the wait.

Food was cool and mostly flavorless.
This is our third trip and we won't be coming back.
Denver location is awesome, five star, PHX needs to go for lessons in food prep and customer service.

This is an update to my earlier, less-than-complementary review of Snooze.
I was contacted by them and agreed to give them another try.
I met up today, with a pal, for coffee and catchup The place was quite busy at 10 am on a Tuesday.
I mentioned that to the hostess and asked to be seated in a quiet spot so was taken to the back of the restaurant.
She found a tiny table for 2, which was quite close to a big table of diners.
I asked if we could sit at the table for 4 right next to it and then noticed seating outside, so decided to move out there.
Our hostess was visibly annoyed by that.
Once we settled in, the service and food were fantastic.
My friend had a yummy-looking pancake and I had Rye toast with a side of Salmon.
Our server was very nice about letting us hang out for a good long while.
So, the long and short of Snooze?
GOOD: food, wait staff, pricing, ala carte options, location, parking, super-cute decor and menus.
Could be better: noise levels and the hostess ...both of these are easy fixes with some Emotional Intelligence training.
and some serious sound-dampening efforts.
Our server DID mention that you were working on the wait times.
Still a deal breaker for me but I wish you the very best as you get it figured out.
Again, summer is almost upon us and your business is bound to suffer if you can't vastly reduce those times..
Thank you again for the opportunity to re-review, Snooze.
Keep working those kinks out!

The staff is not only cute and spunky, they are great at their jobs.
I had eggs and hash browns , both of which were perfect.
And I just couldn't resist so I ordered the peanut butter cup pancake and it was, by far, the best pancake I've ever eaten!
I wish we had one of these in Dallas!

Awesome grilled cheese with spinach, arugula, and strawberries salad and a perfect tomato soup.

I went to Snooze with a couple of my friends yesterday and I was blown away with how amazing their food and service was.
I had the "OMG French Toast" and it was delicious!
The syrup they had was scrumptious and it was the best French toast I have ever had!
It was very sweet.
One of my friends had three different types of pancakes and the sweet potato pancakes were to die for.
All of the pancakes were good that she had but that was the highlight.
I also got hash browns and eggs on the side.
The eggs were okay and the hashbrown was delicious!
I was not disappointed with it at all.
So I give snooze 5/5 stars!
It's definitely something to try and enjoy!

Being from Colorado, you would expect me to already know about Snooze.
However, I had never heard about the ones in Denver so this was a surprise.
Really glad we found this place and look forward to visiting the one in my home state soon.
We hit Snooze right after hiking Camelback Mountain so we were starving and ready for a hearty breakfast.
Snooze did NOT disappoint!.
Tara ordered the Huevos Rancheros.
She was convinced that she would need my help to finish it but it was soooo good that she got er done all by herself!
I did get a couple of bites and it rocked!
I ordered an Omelette with chorizo for some extra kick and protein.
Like the Huevos, this dish was amazing as well.
Very tasty and appropriately filling.
Our servers were terrific as well.
One was from Colorado and was the one who enlightened us to the fact that this place got started there.
Not only was she very attentive, she surprised us with the house special pancake as an additional treat!
Like the rest of what we had, it was rock solid!
Next time we're in Denver, I'm hunting another one down!

I had been to Snooze in Boulder, CO and fell in love, so when they opened one here I was shocked!
I love the atmosphere and the staff are always friendly.
I've had the Sandwich I Am, the Breakfast Burrito and the heaping mound of hash browns and cheese that you get to add toppings to ( I chose chorizo and onion).
Every item I have been thoroughly impressed with.
So good.
The only downfall to this place is they need to expand or open more locations because the wait time is ridiculous, even on weekdays.
But, I guess that just shows how good the food is.
Also, a huge disappointment for me is their coffee!
How can you have such delicious food and such terrible coffee?
They even have a great back story to the coffee and it still tastes bad.
The location In boulder had good coffee so I'm not sure where the disconnect is.

What a Gem!
Welcome to Phoenix Snooze!!
I have been hearing about this place for years from my sister who goes to the Denver location whenever she is there.
Once we found out it was here in Phoenix we were ready to go!
I went with her suggestion and ordered a pancake flight.
This is a genius idea and gives you your choice of 3 pancakes of your choosing.
I had their pineapple upside down, apricot buttermilk and a BanaNutella.
They were absolutely fabulous!
I know we are all trying to cut back or avoid carbs these days but this is definitely worth the splurge!
If it makes you feel better, go hike a mountain first then get some delicious pancakes!!
I will be back for sure!

We brunch monthly and have attempted to go to Snooze more than once.
We finally decided breakfast instead of brunch this weekend and it was WELL worth the wait.
We got there at 9am on a Sunday and still had about a 30 minute wait, however, they send you a text when your table is ready - so you are able to actually leave the premises.
The inside is soooooooo freaking adorable, and everyone we encountered was very friendly.
About 10 minutes after we place our order our server arrived with a complimentary Nutella Banana Pancake that was huge and for our table to share.
She just showed up with it!
One of our brunchers is 7 months pregnant, and you would have thought she won the lottery.
I'm not a sweet breakfast person, but this was honestly delish.
Everyone enjoyed their meals, the prices are beyond reasonable, and we all decided we need to make this a regular outing on top of our weekly brunches.
OH and I love that they have so many vegetarian options.
Honestly - so happy they opened in PHX and are just around the corner from my home.

AMAZING!
Love the laid back atmosphere.
The omelet was AMAZING.
Pick your 3 favorite fillers and enjoy!
I chose mushrooms, spinach, and avocado!
Lean mean and green!
Service was quick, friendly, and educated on all their dishes!

I'm a big fan of the Sandwich I Am and the make your own mimosa with grapefruit juice instead of OJ.
It's cute, the food is good and well priced.... and they text you instead of buzz you for the wait, so you can get some grocery (Whole Foods, TJ) or clothes (Nordstrom Rack) shopping done!
They're also great with to-go/pick-up orders (nevermind the jealous looks of people who are waiting outside).

Good atmosphere with great food!
The stuffed French toast was delicious!
Omelette was good with lots to choose from.

The food is fantastic so expect a wait on weekends.
The breakfast burrito is delicious and they have edgy combinations for some of your favorite morning alcoholic beverages.
Check out their Bloody Mary list.

It's ok.
So many good brunch places in Phoenix.
I won't be back.
Long wait yet tables were always empty.
Take to long to seat.
My French toast was not that great.
Maybe someone else will have better luck.

Went here for the first time this weekend and I will definitely be back!
Very cute and open decor with a large friendly staff.
There was a little bit of a wait when we arrived but it was worth it!
From there signature drinks to take on brunch, I think this place is definitely sticking around.
I had just an original mimosa w/oj but they offer many other juices to mix.
For my entree, I opted for the Snooze Spuds Deluxe: A heaping portion of our hash browns, covered with melted cheddar & jack cheese, scallions plus two veggies , meats, or combo of your choice.
(taken directly from their menu) So good and our service was fantastic.
I would eat here every morning if I could!

I LOVE THIS PLACE.
Was introduced to them in Denver where it is a staple for breakfast.
I just moved to Phoenix this weekend and couldn't believe they were here.
I've been here everyday since Friday and will probably hit it one more time for good measure tomorrow.
Everything about this place is great.
Great service, great coffee, fantastic food, good portions, creative dishes, great flavors, cool retro scene.
I travel all the time for work and this is one of my top three breakfast places in the country.
It is a couple of blocks to my office so I'm sure I'll be a quick regular.
Good place to entertain clients as well.

Food was a 4, but the service from Teasha was a little bit sideways (literally) she did not walk past the corner of the table.
I don't think she smiled once.
We were sbout to leave based on her bad attitude.
The gentleman that brought our food was more attentive than Teasha was.
So a bit of advice, if she comes to your table, leave or ask to be seated in another servers section, trust me..

Such a cool retro little place.
The French toast was amazing.
Had a little issue with the hash browns though, mother in law found herself eating a bunch plastic, but the waitress took a couple of dollars off the bill.
Definitely recommend the French toast over the pancakes; best thing on the menu!

Ok, you Phoenix locals, quit hogging the good dining spots.
Snooze AM is the kind of diner that I wish we had back in my hometown.
Solid food, some nice surprises and a edgy decor.
We visited on a Monday morning for breakfast and were greeted by an almost full restaurant.
Finding a spot at the bar we were quickly welcomed by a friendly staff and provided good coffee and a selection of tea.
The menu has some standards, but we were recommended to try their special focus - Benedict.
I thoroughly enjoyed my blend of two different dishes  - one was a barbacoa and the other was a mushroom and asparagus.
Outstanding.
Important to note is that they are willing to accept special requests.
Need a half sized portion?
No problem.
Want to try a split dish?
Do it.
Have an original idea for a dish?
Bring it on.
They are also a brunch place with great options for adult beverages, including Bloody Marys, Beer and Wine on Tap.
So, do yourself a favor, bust in on the locals hiding place and enjoy some great food and a cool dining experience.

This place is a wonderful find!
They have a pancake flight!
How amazing is that?!
I love pancakes & that's the best thing you could give a pancake lover.
I tried the strawberry-rubarb, pineapple upside down & banana Nutella.
They were all delicious!
My husband had the chocolate peanut butter pancake & his was just as good.
Everything tasted wonderful!
It's a must try for breakfast!

I've heard a lot of great things about this place and woke up early enough to go eat breakfast before the morning rush.
We got there at about 7:30am on a Saturday and was quickly greeted by the host and taken to our table.
We ordered the mmm mm mimosa and Bangkok bloody mary.
The mimosa was good and very tart and gave me a nice buzz.
the Bangkok bloody mary was very interesting but had a lingering fish sauce taste that I think most people might not like.
We ordered the OMG french toast and the Reuben and the dishes were pretty amazing!
the french toast was fluffy and soft and very flavorful.
the corned beef was tender and delicious and I loved the soft pretzel bun!
The décor is very cute and welcoming and we will definitely come back again to try their pancakes!

Great food, great environment.
The only things I would consider a negative would be our service wasn't top of the line, but I can forgive them due to the amount of customers in the restaurant.
The other negative would be wait time, but that again I can't fault Snooze, they are just THAT GOOD.

Check this place out for sure.
Excellent service, food, and atmosphere.
I had Juan's tacos and was not disappointed.
I will be back in the near future!

Best breakfast ever.
I have dreams about Snooze breakfast.
It is that good.
I had first tried Snooze in Denver.
Then we moved to Phoenix and found out there was a location here as well.
Best day ever.
The Breakfast Pot Pie.
The Breakfast Tacos.
The French Toast.
Those would be my 3 favorites...in no particular order.
The atmosphere is great.
The food is awesome.
It's a staple!
Do yourself and your belly a favor and just go there already.

Food was great, server was fine but I can't get over the absurdly long wait and rude host staff.
We visited on a Sunday, had a party of two and were told we would have a 35 minute wait.
Try an hour and twenty!
We inquired twice about how much longer it would take and were told that we were the next party of two, only to watch another party of two be seated ahead of us.
When I asked why we couldn't be seated at the booth that had been sitting open for several minutes, I was told that they wouldn't seat us there because we could only have a two top.
Not to mention all three hostesses I encountered were snarky and dismissive.
I am so disappointed, I don't mind waiting for good food but I expect a little respect in return.
Management should review their policies and find some new staff.

This is such a good breakfast/brunch place!
The environment is great, well besides the noise level which is pretty high, the food is amazeballs, and the drinks are also very good!
I went with my family and shared all of our foods with each other.
Some of the foods we got were the burrito, pineapple upside down pancakes, the bananuttella pancakes, the eggs Benedict and some other dishes I forgot!
I wish this place had more TVs though - our group of 6 really wanted to watch a Yankees game and they were unable to grant our request.
Overall, good food, good environment, good servers, and lack of enough TVs to satisfy!

I am obsessed with this place.
I am so glad they are about 25 miles away from my home, otherwise I would be there every weekend.
The wait is a little long once you hit 8 am., however I am "lucky" the twins wake up at 5:30am everyday.
After getting ready and gathering everything we needed we headed out.
We made it just after 7:30 am.
The only sad thing I realized this time is that the balloon twister person does not arrive until 9:00am.
Oh, well.
I am here for the food really.
I almost had a repeat of the first visit, but I decided to try a different pancake this time.
You can make any kind of combos.
So I decided for the Chilaquiles benny and the sweet potato pancakes.
I am torn, I think I almost liked the sweet potato pancake better that the pineapple upside down cake one.
I guess I have to go again to make sure.
The chilaquiles benny were so perfect.
Instead of an english muffin is a tortilla base round, so yummy, with a layer of pulled beef barbacoa, topped with a perfectly poached egg then draped with this creamy spicy sauce.
Sooooo good.
The kids had pancakes and my hubby had a breakfast taco plus the chilaquiles benny.
This time I also enjoyed the blackberry mimosa and the hubby had the am margarita, which was so strong he couldn't finish it.

With a 1-2 hour wait each time I have been there in the mornings on the weekends, I can not give this place 5 stars.
However regardless of the wait, and no reservations by phone accepted, I still continue to keep coming back and waiting because the eggs benedict and pancakes are just that amazing (5 stars!)!
We usually put our name in and run and errand or two until we receive a text informing us our table is almost ready.
The biltmore and a few shopping stores are right there, so you can do a little shopping to bypass time.

All hail the new king!
King of breakfast sandwiches that is - the Sam I Am!
This awesome pretzel roll of love just told any other ordinary breakfast sandwich to beat it!
The sausage on this beauty has just enough kick to keep the taste buds interested!
The flavor combo is what every AM needs.
Bow down breakfast sandwiches!

We decided to check this place out after hearing good things and apparently so did half of Phoenix.
We waited a good 45 minutes before being seated, and even then, it was at the bar.
The food was great and I loved the wide variety of brunch cocktails.
The wait was a big turn off, but everything else was great.

I've eaten at their San Diego location.... great interior design... free coffee while you wait for seating.
Get there early on the weekends to avoid the rush.
Super friendly and fast waiting staff.... the menu has SOO many yummy combinations.
The breakfast burrito is super yummy.
Their coffee is  delicious .... and the pancakes phenomonal.

Very interesting interior, okay savory food, but delicious sweet dishes and coffee!
I went to Snoose this morning for a late brunch with a party of 7.
The wait time for a table on a Saturday was not very long at all, although ultimately we were packed into a single booth.
The service was by far the most disappointing aspect of this visit.
She was not very friendly or attentive to our dining party.
Often our coffee and water glasses would remain empty for extended periods of time.
Not once did she come to our table to ask to see if our food orders were correct of if we needed anything else.
For the food itself, each of the savory dishes ordered were okay at best.
I ordered the breakfast burrito, which was nothing special, but surprisingly spicy.
The group shared a flight of sweet pancakes.
These pancakes were the highlight of the dining experience.
I would highly recommend ordering from the back of the menu when you come in for a visit.

I write this review in the vain hopes that they'll expand to Seattle!.
Having patronized several of their locations in Colorado, I was so excited to see them open up only a few miles from my previous downtown home.
To be honest, I've only ever eaten their Benedict, but it's just that good!
Please, please, please, expand to the Northwest!

A good friend of mine mentioned that I might really like this place.
And I did really like it.
The design is fashion forward.
The menu is creative.
And the service was pretty friendly.
We waited for about 50 minutes, which seems to be on par.
So we started with bloody Mary's, and one blackberry bubbler.
For breakfast we had four entrées at our table.
(See pics.
) The waiter seemed not to know that the kitchen would do tofu scramble subbed for eggs.
I would come back again but I would not wait longer than 20 minutes.

Boom!
Amazing breakfast burrito!
Fresh squeezed OJ!
Yum!
So many things on the menu I wanted to try, too few days in my trip to Phoenix.

I visited this restaurant for the first time yesterday.
I have tried to go several times on the weekend but the wait was always well over an hour.
Overall, the decoration and vibe if the restaurant were nice.
However, the service was very slow.
It took about 25 to 30 minutes to get our food, our waitress barely checked on us, and our drinks stayed empty the majority of the time.
I agree with other reviewers that it appears that their sweeter items may be better than their savory.
We had the Sandwich I Am and the Green Eggs and Hamwich.
The green eggs and hamwich was a good size but not too flavorful and overpowered by the spinach.
The ham on it was tasty.
The other sandwich was average.
We had the side of fruit which was extra and pretty small but okay.
We had a side if hash browns which were good.
They did offer me a beverage to go which was nice.
Overall it was okay but nothing I would wait in line for.
There are better breakfast options within a few blocks of here.

This is a must when visiting Tucson!
Reminds me of South Beach with all the Art Deco flavor.
Pancakes, AWESOME!

First time at Snooze today.
Sunday, 10 AM, place packed but the wait was only a half hour for the six of us.
(As we left, I heard the host say it was an hour and a half wait.
)  Read lots of reviews about bad service but they seem to have fixed that issue.
Our server promptly greeted us, offering menus and drinks.
After we all arrived, our server offered to answer any questions about the menu.
She took our orders, which were: Breakfast Pot Pie, Juan's Breakfast Taco trio, Snooze Spuds Deluxe (2), Breakfast Burrito and Ham Benedict III.
They all looked and smelled wonderful.
My Benedict was excellent: toasty English muffin, lots of chopped ham, poached egg and cheesy hollandaise sauce.
It also came with hash browns.
I asked for them crispy and they were perfect.
The hollandaise was lacking the tang of lemon but was much more savory than normal.
During our meal, a balloon-animal dude was cruising the place, keeping the kids happy.
Give Snooze a try but plan on a wait.
There are some shops nearby, which help pass the wait time.

When I lived in Fort Collins, CO, Snooze was my favorite place for breakfast.
Especially on a morning with that hangover from hell that would always ensue after an evening of raging through the Rio or the Drunken Monkey in Old Town.
Oy vey.
So, you can imagine how ecstatic I was to see them open in Phoenix!
April's Breakfast Club UYE was here.
Monica O. always does a stellar job of hosting these!
Brought Mama B. and Missy F. to experience the fun.
We had 12+ folks in our group, so we sat out on the patio.
Perfect weather for it.
Knew what I was getting before we even arrived: A Pancake Flight!
I got the Apple, Pineapple Upsidedown and Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup.
Hello, Diabetes!
Know that you can order anything half and half for the same price.
So if you're stuck between one of Snooze's killer Eggs Benedict dishes or pancakes ... Live on the edge and indulge in both.
Get here early as this place gets PACKED, and fast.
Welcome to Phoenix, Snooze ...
It's a joy to have a Taste of the (302) and (970) in the (480).

I've said it before and I'll say it again, Snooze has THE BEST SERVICE!!!!
Sitting at the bar having Andy take care of you is a real treat.
He's always smiling and  never too busy to make sure your content with your meal.
An addition to the service the food is delish!!!
I have a gluten allergy and this is hands down my favorite breakfast spot.
I get to enjoy the most amazing eggs Benedict and mouthwatering gf pancakes.
Do yourself a favor and try the gluten free cinnamon roll pancakes.
I promise you won't regret it :)

So delicious!
We've converted everyone we bring here into a snooze fan.
The pancakes are massive and delicious, especially the pineapple upside down and the strawberry rhubarb...oh!
and the sweet potato pancake with ginger butter.
My go to order is-The Breakfast Pot Pie and switch out the toast for a pancake (extra charge, not much though) and it is the best mix of savory and sweet!
Go here!
On a saturday/sunday morning expect an hour wait, but there are shops their like nordstrom rack that you can wonder around while you wait.
Oh!
and they let you have pets out on the patio

Let's start by saying that I am an egg Benedict nerd.
I love nothing more than a perfectly poached egg and a solid hollandaise, any flavor hollandaise for that matter as long as it is rich, creamy, and made from scratch.
Snooze has got it!!
6 different types of Benedict!!
I was in heaven!
My fiancé had the corned beef hash which was more corned beef than hash which I greatly appreciated.
The gazpacho Bloody Mary and Bangkok Bloody Mary were awesome, great house Bloody Mary mix and you call it vodka.
Did I mention that I am a Bloody Mary nerd as well!!
All around solid place.
The atmosphere is retro hip yet still being a very comfortable environment.
I will have many more visits here.
I left one star out for the service.
It was not incredibly attentive but not unfriendly.

My wife and I came here on a Wednesay to have brunch.
This quickly became one of my top choices for brunch in Phoenix or scottsdale.
Still a little too busy for mid week dining, but we were seated in less than 5 minutes.
Egg Benedicts and pancakes are their specialty and you can mix different types.
If you ask for their pancakes they'll bring you one for free.
Overall great experience and highly recommended.

Phenomenal food, incredible service and great vibe.
Loved it so much went back-to-back days on vacation.
Best breakfast around!

Went on a Saturday morning with two very active toddlers.we were seated within 15 minutes and the kids didn't want to go inside since they were entertained with the chalk and toys in the patio.
Server was okay, not rude just seemed a bit overwhelmed.
Our order came out with in a decent time, and the food was dekiciius.
The breakfast burrito was very big that I needed a to go box.
The kids plain pancakes were so fluffy they didnt need extra syrup.
Overall the food was delicious service was okay and we will be back.

So this time was one of the worst times since me and my girlfriend has been here.
Katy (tall light black skinned lady) was really unattentive (from getting back to us about what to order) to the food taking a very long time to come out (mind you we've been here 2 other times, busier, and have gotten our food faster than this.
)   This time they failed us.
BUT Echo saved the day.
She came to our table and sat down, talked to all of us, even took care of our whole bill.
I will give this place 4 stars because of that right there.
Professionalism.
Thanks Echo.
Definitely for those of you reading this review, if you haven't tried this place, come and try it out!

Bangkok Bloody Mary.
Do it.
They are delicious.
After trying and failing to get into Snooze on a weekend, we finally made it on a Tuesday morning.
There was still a little bit of a wait, but we managed to swing a couple seats at the bar where we stayed to eat.
They generally seat the bar as part of the list, but it being a Tuesday and the wait not being very long, the bartender put in a good word and got us some menus.
So here is my first bit of advice: if you want to go here on a weekend, make the time for it.
Don't arrive starving.
The place is regularly packed and on a wait and the food does not come out quickly.
Take your time and enjoy.
I read a lot of great things about the pancakes at Snooze, but when it comes down to it, I am more a savory breakfast type of girl.
I went with the eggs Benedict.
I could not decide between the Chilaquiles Benedict and the Havana Benny, and so it was a very good thing that they do half orders!
The Havana Benny ended up being my favorite; I found the chilaquiles a little bit under spiced for my taste.
The hash browns were delicious, though I think the best thing about them was the presentation.
Overall, the experience was excellent and the bartender went above and beyond to make sure we got the right drinks and the right food.

Long wait, but will worth it.
The staff was very friendly, very nicely decorated.
My mother has celiac disease and I'm gluten intolerant.
They were more than accommodating to our needs.
We got the sweet potato pancakes with a side of bacon.
This was to die for.
I will be back every time I venture out to Phoenix.
There was a forty five minute wait, but there are plenty of shops to fill your time.
Well worth the wait!!!

The eggs Benedict are really good and the best part is you can choose two kinds and get half and half!!
The wait can be long but it's worth it!

So incredibly delish!
Went here on a Saturday with two friends - totally excited for the possibilities of good breakfast!
They had both been to a Snooze before in CO so had talked up the food greatly before we headed out.
I always worry that I'm being oversold and it won't live up to the hype - I was wrong!
Everything was fabulous.
The décor is super cute here - I love anything with a vintage, retro vibe.
Cool colors and the jacks on the wall and the booths.
I liked the outdoor seating and the windows that are always open.
The food - one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.
We three decided to split a few different plates: flight of pancakes, eggs benedict, and breakfast sandwich.
The flight of pancakes is a great idea and perfect for sharing.
We had three different flavors: pineapple upside down, flavor of the day (lemon & blueberry w/oats), and a chocolate decadent masterpiece.
I loved them all equally.
So now I'm left to dream of more visits to Snooze and what fabulous breakfast to try next.
I think I know what I'm doing on Saturday!

I had a great first visit to this breakfast eatery.
I had a cheese potato and ham breakfast.
My buddy had the corned beef hash.
We were both very happy with our meals and our coffee.
I would like to try this place out a couple more times just to make certain before I give it five stars.
As a side note, a famous former Phoenix Sun was also eating here and was kind enough to take a photo with us.

I know this place is quite popular but my breakfast and service were sooooo "meh": The waitress wasn't sure what herbal iced tea was so I ordered herbal tea and a glass of ice.
The tea came with no explanation of what kind it was and it definitely was too strong to be herbal so I didn't drink it.
Never got the glass of ice.
Ordered scrambled eggs, toast, hashbrowns and chicken "sausage ".
The latter was a misshapen patty that I couldn't eat.
I tried two bites and it had an odd flavor so I skipped it.
The eggs and toast were okay but only marmalade for the toast was served with it.
No other options.
Had to wait quite awhile for the check and the place was NOT busy.
My stomach was upset for about three hours afterwards.
Not going back.
Ever.

Amazing food and service!
I had the breakfast burrito and my boyfriend tried the  Chilaquiles Benedict and we both cleared our plates.
Not going to lie, my burrito was pretty good but his dish was even better so I highly recommend that.
It was a small factor but the music choice was also pretty epic.
I'm down to eat breakfast and bob my head to some BiggieBiggieBiggie can't you see.
Unfortunately this place loses a star to its subpar coffee.
If you're paying over $10 a plate you deserve a good cup of coffee.

Delicious.
Worth the wait.
Great place for breakfast or brunch with friends or family.
Fun environment.
I had the Nutella and banana pancakes bacon, eggs, and hash browns.
Friendly staff.
Very clean and great seating areas.

I've never ordered as much food as I did and actually finished it all.
Definitely worth the 40minute wait!
Don't be discouraged just because there's a long wait-that means the food worth eating(: amazing

Snooze is the real-deal breakfast spot.
I'm so happy to have finally made it here, and even happier that it's so close to the Arcadia area.
The corned beef hash was amazing and definitely made in house which is an absolute "must".
The bacon, thick cut and seasoned perfectly.
I came here with my brother and he had a combination of two different eggs benedict (awesome that you can combine two different ones into a single dish) and a pineapple pancake.
Every single part of the meal was fantastic.
To top it off the coffee was served hot and the service was on point with recommendations and timeliness.
Definitely recommend if you can stand to wait at least 10-15 minutes even if it's not a busy weekend morning - this place gets packed quick, and for good reason!

Despite waiting over an hour and half for this breakfast - lunch eatery, it did not put a damper on our appetite.
The staff were great... from the host to the server to the server assistant.
There was a friendly manager that walked throughout the restaurants to make sure each diner were enjoying not only the food but the dining experience.
The retro vibe was super fun!
We ordered the pancake trio (upside-down-pineapple, sweet potato & apple pie) and eggs benedict.
They let us order 1/2 Benny Goodman - smoked salmon & 1/2 Harvest - hearty greens & mushroom.
We felt like we had 5 different dishes.
The food was delicious with great fresh ingredients.
You definitely have to try their pancake of the day.
It's a new flaver every day, and they never repeat it.
Get there early on weekends, but it is worth the wait!

So I braved coming back to Snooze (on a Friday to avoid the weekend brunch crowd) and I have to admit, I actually LOVE the food here.
What comes out of that kitchen is freaking amazing.
I haven't had anything but benedicts, pancakes, and hashbrowns and they are, no exaggeration, the best benedicts, pancakes, and hashbrowns I've ever had anywhere.
Not sure if it was the fact that I was there during the work day on Friday or if my last visit was a complete fluke but my mom and I ordered at 10:44 and got our food (two benedicts) in about 10 minutes, which was a huge improvement from the last time I went (on a Sunday), so I feel I need to upgrade my review based on that experience which was definitely 5 Stars.
Yes there is a wait for a table, because the food is really, really good.
But they are SUPER accurate with their wait times so you should know what you are getting into before putting your name on the list.
Plus there's an amazing Nordstrom Rack next door so in my opinion the wait is more like a welcome invitation to shop.
They text you when your table is almost ready, and there is plenty of stuff to do in Town & Country so it goes by pretty quickly, and as long as the food comes out as quickly as it did last time, the food is totally worth it.

The best breakfast I've ever had.
Everything is cooked to perfection and there is a great vibe and sense of team within the restaurant and it's service.
Anytime I have company I take them here for delicious food and bloody Mary's or mimosas that are to die for.
I would recommend this place to anyone and I can't wait for them to expand because I don't think I'll ever get enough of this place.
Some of my favorites are the pot pie and Juan's tacos.
I always add barbacoa and avacado to the tacos and ask for a side of the green chilli sauce.
Also the OMG French toast is out if this world I always have to get a half order no matter how full I am.
You can customize any order just how you want it without the servers being frustrated.
It is actually encouraged and believe me anything is possible as long as your not in there when they are slammed.
I've had them make me pancakes that have never been on the menu and it was hands down the best pancake of my life.
The only reason this place has 4 start is because of the wait time.
This place is worth the wait and if it wasn't great quality they wouldn't have 1-2 hour waits on the weekends.
If you don't like that then go during the week or later in the day because that is the one thing they cannot control.
I would also recommend sitting at the bar.
You get great service no matter who is behind the bar and every barista that has taken care if me has been extremely personable which ices the cake for my personal experience.

The location is central-ish.
There's plenty of parking & shopping nearby.
The restaurant itself is average.
It's trying to be ~hip & people are responding- there was a 20 min wait at 10 am on a Tuesday.
Although their menu was promising, the food was just alright.
Coffee was weak.
Pancakes were undercooked.
The service was friendly but I won't be coming here again.

Phenomenal.
First time here with my two best friend,  the bloody Mary,  mojito,  Bennies and pancakes so delicious.
I had the Bangkok bloody Mary and Benny Goodman with Cinnamon crunch pancakes,  amazeball!

Great menu and food.
Nice atmosphere once seated.
The only complaint I have with this place is the long lines and no where to sit while waiting in the hot sun  Awesome food and definitely will be back.
Just earlier before the long line starts up..

Three of us headed for Sunday breakfast after good workouts.
Arrived 8am and waited 20 mins.
Joe was our server-outstanding in efficiency, friendly and revisited the table throughout the meal.
Three different breakfasts - breakfast tacos, caprese benedict and quinoa porridge!
All were delicious and right portioned.
Will be back!
Simply worth the wait.

won us over the first girls' brunch we had there.
I am not even a pancake person but you better believe I get a pancake every single time I go.
Don't forget to ask what the pancake of the day is!
They recently revamped their menu..
I know it was recent because I went a week ago and it happened in between then and Saturday morning.
They added a ton of delicious stuff.
I tried the caprese eggs benedict a little worried I made a terrible decision.
Alas, the food came out and I did not make a terrible decision.
The egg was cooked perfectly.
Execution: flawless.
Devour time: 4 min.
The only thing I hate is the wait time but I guess that is a good thing..for them.
Always packed.
They just implemented a new system to let you know your table is ready though; they text you which is great.. You can go walk around the shops while you wait.
Don't forget to try a beermosa.

