The best and most unique pizza around!
Plus, it's extremely affordable!!
Taste and cost...there's nothing like it!

Excellent, loved the mixed olive pizza.
A box of pizza has six "cuts," or slices, and you can put any toppings on any cut that you want -- Ingenious!!
Even better?
A box is only $7.00!
The cheese bread is out of this world, and the pepperoni rolls are delicious too.
Be prepared to enjoy a treat!
The owner is an Air Force vet and the one employee who was working with him was Army, so I know I'm supporting a vet-owned and operated small business.
Great pizza, Mick!

I drove 6 hours to get this pizza.
That's how good it is.
Call me biased (being from Weirton/Ohio Valley) but, The Original DiCarlo's is like no other pizza.
I have lived in California since 1992 and have yet to find any place close to as good as The Original DiCarlo's.
If you live anywhere close to it.
You have to get in there and try it.
This place has a line out the door on the east coast.
I was surprised to see it slow.
To that end....
I notice I could not google it easy.
It is a new shop (only of its kind for thousands of miles) so, I think there is some merit in getting a website w/photos on it.
Plus, the IPhone Siri app does not recognize a DiCarlos Pizza in Litchfield Park, or Phoenix for that matter.
I think that could help this business out tremendously.
Folks need to be able to locate it.
I drove back and forth three times out front of the shopping plaza before I noticed small spot between the tree lines, where you could see the sign high upon the building.
Once you are up close, it is difficult to see the signage due to pillars out front.
There really needs to be a sign out in the street so folks don't blow by it.
Worth the stop.
Try for yourself and you will see what I mean.
I recommend the fold in half and woof it down.
Soooo good!
The pizza is awesome and it should speak for itself so I will shut up now and let you be the judge.

This is absolutely delicious!!
So glad to have a pizza place from back home!!
We will definitely be back soon!

Awesome pizza.
Pepperoni rolls are killer.
Very nice customer service !

It's the best!

We had this pizza last night.
We found it to be very good.
The crust and sauce tasted homemade and delicious, the cheese tasted amazing and of good quality.
Not being from the Ohio area we hadn't had Dicarlos before, so the cheese and toppings being put on after baking seems a bit strange to us-- but seriously it is amazing.
I could eat this pizza everyday.
It always tastes fresh and light and good homemade quality.
They have a Monday football special of an xl pizza (16 slices) for $10.95 and it is a great deal for what you get.
We love the plain cheese.
And if you manage to save some for leftovers, it heats up really well in a skillet for a few minutes.
(And I usually hate leftovers!
) One thing I would mention that can be improved is seating in the restaurant .
The chairs seem rickety and I wouldn't feel comfortable sitting in them for a meal.
They do have a great bar type area for a quick lunch or dinner if you a party of one or two.I highly recommend this pizza place, I know we will be ordering from them several limes per month!

Nice to have a pizza in the square and not the round.
The dough is nice and a hit, the sauce tantalizing.
The toppings are different in the way the cheese and toppings are put on after the pizza is cooked.
It is confusing that you order by the piece instead of by the pizza.
I had to think to hard to figure out how much I needed for 12 people.
A regular order of 2 large is easy, but by the box of 6 just isn't not into my grey matter yet.
Definitely will try again.
We will probably bring it home, and heat it in the oven so the cheese is melted

I'm a Boston area transplant so trying pizza made with provolone and cut in sqaures?
Tried it, loved it, wicked good.
Nothing beats fresh homemade taste no matter where you're from!

Quality Ingredients equal a little more money.
Have you ever heard of the saying " You get what you pay for" This is not a cheap Pizza Hut , Domino's pizza.
This has REAL Provolone cheese.TOP QUALITY SAUCE.
TRY IT, I promise you will love it.
I'm from Weirton, Steubenville area and was so surprised to see them open!

Pizza Rolls are fantastic, the marinara is probably some of the best I have tasted and I cannot put my finger on exactly what makes it so good.
Maybe because the marinara is made fresh and retains a certain "brightness" to it..
The guys working there were very friendly, which seems to be a rarity these days, and the prices are fantastic.

Let me give a true review on my pizza going experience.
Dicarlos Pizza was unlike any pizza I ever had.
It was thin crust and the sauce tasted different and home made.
The cheese was high quality but wasn't completely melted on my pizza.
I was one of two customers and it took about 20 minutes for me to get my 3 cut (box slices) of pizza.
The pepperoni topping I choose to put on top was cold, and seemed to be just tossed on last second.
There was no water cups available so you have to pay for a drink no matter what.
They don't even have cups here.
The taste of the pizza was good but not the best in the area.
I'd prefer others that aren't more than 5 minutes away.
I honestly think this place could get better with some minor fixes.
I'd start with a bit quicker and more polite service.
Maybe if they cooked the pizza with the toppings it would be better as well.
We sat outside and felt ignored, even had to go inside to retrieve our pizza.
Ill check this place out in a few months, but for now I won't be recommending it to other yelpers.

Honestly the food tasted horrible.
It seemed uncooked and all around was just dreadful.
The aftertaste was the worst.
If you are looking for a great pizza try ballpark pizza and subs if you wanna try something different well try at your own peril.
I still have buyers remorse over the cash I spent there.

They have the best pizza in the west valley.
Their pizza is unique and is not like the typical pizza.
They have the best service and personality.
It's an awesome environment.

Just horrible!
The pizza was like the kind they'd serve in a school cafeteria.
The wings tasted as if they'd come right out of a big.
To top it off I paid over $40 for their largest size and dozen wings, might as well have gone to NYPD for those prices but better quality!

Pizza tasted ok, but pizza was cold.
We ordered, we waited, and the pizza came out cold!
How?

Their crust is flaky, crispy yet chewy and soft...imagine that!
The sauce is probably the best ever, fresh not overly seasoned just very refreshing pizza marinara sauce...my kids think I would drink the think sauce plain...lol.
The difference with their pizza is they put the cheese and pepperoni on after it bakes...its really not bad at all.
But I truelly like mine melted and pepperoni cooked a little more...I always take my cheese and pepperoni seperate and then do a quick bake off in oven to get it hot.
But I would eat the other way no problem.
Their Calzones are by far the most decadent rich ones I have had here in the last 19 years....really a delicious item on their menu.
Service is friendly and well you just can't beat'em!
Give them a try...you will be happy!
Hands down, everything on the menu is superb!

Square Slices are for me.
Although this is my first check in to Di Carlo's its not my first time here.
This pizza is amazingly unique because of the unmelted cheese and the warm unbaked toppings.
Trust me it works!
I love that its not a greasy over spiced type pizza.
The best is the flavor of the freshly made sauce.
I could eat the crust and sauce by itself, thats how good it is.
The toppings are really the "cherry on top" so to speak.
The ingredients are fresh and compliment the sauce and crust perfectly.
The crust does not taste like garlic, which in my opinon is a good thing.
It is crunchy but soft enough to fold and eat it New York Style.
I've had many slices of authentic New York pizza, Di Carlo's pizza is in a class all its own.
I like that the bread and sauce taste great together.
The high quality  fresh ingriendients and pizza sauce made from scratch is what sets Di Carlo's Pizza apart from a Dominos or Pizza Hut.
The price is worth the quality.
I will keep coming back, the only draw back is that they only have one location in Arizona, and none in California.

This pizza was awesome !!
It's very unuiqe then other pizza I had, the guy up front explained to me how they prepare the pizza, the cheese being placed on cold, or not melted.
It did take a while, despite not being very busy, but, I'm willing to wait for food like this.
I did notice that they included everybody except EMS on their list of discounts, though.
Don't forget your medics/emts, please !

I visited between lunch and dinner on a weekday.
Unique pizza, I definetly will be back to try other topping combinations.
Had some help setting up my loyalty app while I waited for my slices, after 5 $5 purchases you get 25% off your total order... not bad!
Discounts for military and police... veteran owned businss.
A better choice than the national chain pizza!

OMG OMG OMG!!!
I haven't tasted pizza like this...ever!
It's so much better than Pizza Hut, papa johns and dominos!!
You can just taste the originality.
Just amazing!

OMG, I was on a business trip and stopped at Di Carlo's.
I love love love this pizza...., the crust is amazing and you can easily taste the quality of the sauce.
I travel the country for a living and pizza is my favorite food, I wish they were in my home town of Manassas Virginia and Naples Florida.
I cant wait to have it again....so much better than the chain pizza joints.
10 stars not 5********

Visited last night.
Great pizza, calzone, and favorite lasagna.
Good guys, veterans.
Happy to support them.

Pizza sold by the slice or "cut" as they put it.
Customize every cut of your pizza.
Nice mom & pop type italian eatery on the West side.
The toppings are served room temperature on top of the baked pizza, this makes for a very fresh taste.
It also makes it hard to hide cheap or not fresh toppings, so they don't seam to cary to many of those.

I was in town for the night and fired up Yelp and found this place close to the base.
The reviews said that it was kickass, just not "normal" pizza.
I'm down for a challenge.
So when I rolled in and ordered I was prepared to be amazed.
The guy that took my order told me how their pizza was (topping put on last), however if I wanted the toppings melted and cooked he'd do that for me.
I told him that I wanted the original, he complied.
It takes awhile for that goodness to be baked, however completely worth it.
Some of the best pizza I've ever had.
The crust was flawless, had flavor, and was sicilian style.
The sauced was flavorful without being overpowering.
The pepperoni and provolone cheese were perfect when put on last.
They ever gave me an extra slice for no reason, other than being awesome.
Go here if you want kickass unconventional pizza.
If you want cardboard I heard Pizza Hut might be open.

Really wanted to like this place.
How cool is the concept?
But the sauce just wasn't for us, way to sweet, very very way too sweet.
That being said the wings were good salad was ok and the guys behind the counter were helpful and had good attitudes but I just don't see coming back.

Absolutly the worst pizza my wife and i have ever tried.
We are from chicago and know our pizza.
Crust was the only thing that was NOT bad and it was just average.
Very little sausage and the cheese was bland and not melted.
Way too many peppers on it.
Just plain bad.

I saw this on my search nearby list for for yelp and decided to try it out.
I loved how I could order online and pick it up.
The eat 24 app was a little confusing and by the time I got there is when I finally got the text to come pick up (I left early because they were going to close in the next thirty mins.
) I ordered a serving of wing and the pepperoni rolls.
The rolls were delicious!
Doughy and cheesy and just soft to bite into.
They were a little burnt but still delicious.
I don't remember the wings having an impact though.
I will definitely come here again and try something else.

They call this pizza?
I went in for a slice and it took 30 minutes to make it.
The crust was very good, but they put cold toppings and cold cheese on top.
I am from Chicago and we have some of the best pizza around... Maybe my expectations were too high for this place, I guess anywhere in Arizona for great pizza.
Worst pizza!

Awesome food!
Got to try it.
Crust and sauce are amazing.
Try the Italian sandwich!

Honestly I was hesitant to try the cold toppings, but I was glad I had it.
I have had NY pizza, Chicago pizza and this was totally different.
No grease dripping off the pizza.
Nice change from the norm.

Fantastic lunch combos!
I enjoy going to Di Carlo's.
I usually get the pizza, but I've tasted their pizza rolls, lazanga, calzone and salads and their good also.
If you can eat there for lunch rather than getting your food to go, Di Carlo's offers several awesome lunch specials that always satisfy and the staff is friendly and accomadating.
The lunch specials are a great deal however, my favorite item will always be the pizza rolls.
These pizza rolls are large, made to order, stuffed with pepperoni and provolone cheese and  served with freshly made marinara sauce for dipping.
A four piece order cost only $4.99, can't beat that price.
So if your in the neighborhood, stop by and get an order to go.

