Nice little coffee shop with unlimited soda fountain.
The cold sandiwches and salads will help cool your hot ass down.
FTW.

I just started working at a corporate office in Scottsdale Quarter and tried out C3 on my second week.
I have to say I was not impressed on any level.
Well, that's not entirely true.
The one level that was SUPER impressed about was this.
There is a guy who takes orders and he was amazing.
I waited in line for about 5 minutes and watched as he helped everyone in front of me with all kind of questions, issues, and orders.
and He was hilarious when it was my time to order since it was my first time in the restaurant.
I wish I would have caught his name to give him more kudos.
Other than that though, I could give this place a C-.
We ordered a salad and a sandwich.
My co workers salad arrived probably 20 + minutes after we ordered and my sandwich was nowhere in sight.
After ten more minutes I went in to ask and was told "its coming its coming hold on.
" five minutes later it showed up, soggy and extremely disappointing.
I ate three bites, and decided to call it quits.
My co workers salad looked delicious but I have no idea if it was or not.
Overall, eh.

I've worked in Scottsdale Quarter for 2 years now in one of the offices and I think C3 Kitchen is just what this complex has needed.
Casual place to grab a coffee or sandwich/salad.
I've had a couple of different lunches here and the food has been great, lemon chicken salad particularly good.
Good setting to meet someone for a cup of coffee to discuss business too (Press, a few doors down, is also a good coffee shop, but too small with tables on top of each other to have a private business conversation).

I finally made it here for lunch.
While the decor is modern sterile, the chairs were comfortable and the service was terrific.
Everyone had a smile on their face.
I had the Asian Salad and is was fresh and awesome, I ate it ALL.
The barista made her own "specialty" drink (not on the menu) for my friend and while it was a tad too sweet for me, it was delicious.
She made me a soy chai tea latte.
FABULOUS!
even better than the one I get at Starbucks.
Prices are really good, especially for the area.

Coffee and fresh cookies are great.
The staff is always smiling and I love being able to see the clean kitchen where my food was cooked from scratch.

Since I work in the Scottsdale Quarter/Kierland area, this place has become one of my lunchtime favorites.
Consistently delicious sandwiches and salads served by a staff that always seems to be genuinely upbeat and enjoying what they're doing.
The space itself is clean and modern.
The giant roll up windows are great for the more temperate months and makes it pleasant and comfortable to dine-in and enjoy my lunch break.
Even during the peak of lunch rush, I'm yet to wait more than 5 or so minutes before my food is brought to me.
For as busy and upscale as the Scottsdale Quarter is, this is a nice little lunch joint where the food is well worth the value ($6-$8) and atmosphere is genuinely pleasant.
I'll continue to frequent this spot!

I love eating here.
I work in the Quarter and have lots of options to choose from and I always choose here.
Their food is affordable and always fresh.
I haven't had one thing on the menu I didn't enjoy.
The breads are soft the vegetables are crisp.
Their baked goods are better than most bakeries I've been to.
And best of all the wait staff is always very friendly and helpful.

Great chicken salad sandwich!
I really liked this place.
It's a good stop for a quick lunch or a coffee.
The people there were nice and friendly, and they seemed to keep it clean.
I'll be back.

Absolutely amazing lunch!
Off menu items make an exciting, delicious and legit dine in experience!

fresh ingredients and close to work make this a regular lunch spot .... prices are definitely more expensive than what I normally spend for lunch (usually about $10-12 including a drink) but it's located in Scottsdale Quarters so it's to be expected.
Friendly staff and plenty of seating.

Breakfast burrito and coffee were good.
The interior design is a little austere.
The workers here were friendly and I'll be back once in a while.

This place is great.
The food and customer service is outstanding!
!..A great atmosphere...C3 Kitchen far exceeds  Press Roaster when it comes to taking care of their Customer's and the Coffee...I no longer put up with the attitude coming from the Manager at the Press Roaster (6 doors down)...
I am  so glad I came across  the C3 Kitchen several months ago...You will see the owner ( chef ) of the C3 Kitchen cooking  here often...That says a lot..Quality here is consistent...Everybody here Rocks!!!
Thanks...

We were in Scottsdale for a movie and has an hour to wait.
It was eat now or after the movie.
Eat now won out, now where.
I Yelped and found C3 Kitchen.
The person that took our order was very refreshing.
Very helpful, friendly, and funny.
This place is what I would call trendy in decor.
Pretty much a sandwich shop.
The food is reasonably priced.
There are two roll up garage type doors that can be opened when the weather permits.
When the food came it was good also.
I will go back when I am in the area.

The chicken salad sandwich is my fav here.
They have pretty yummy green tea as well.
The service is fast for everything being freshly made.
Love the setup, it is very open and clean.

So far so good.......I've only had the BLAT, which i loved.
My friend wasn't as impressed as he thought that for $7.95 the meal should've included fries and a soft drink.
I think he also wanted a "Supersize" option.
Oh well, can't please everyone.

We stopped for breakfast on our way to Santa Fe.
The prices are very reasonable and the food, coffee, and tea were all delicious.
All of the eggs, in breakfast burritos and sandwiches, were cooked perfectly.
They have a very nice selection of meats for the breakfast dishes.
Everything was fresh and moist.
We will be back the next time we are in town.

Great food, great service.
The best part is the fact that you can get half a sandwich and a cup of soup or side salad.
The tuna salad sandwich has the perfect blend of flavor without too much mayo.
You can get the breakfast burrito all day, to the happiness of my husband.
I've had that too and it is wonderful.
Never had a bad meal here.
Bonus: The green tea ice tea is amazing!

Great food made to order, quick service even during busy times!
They have a lot of options!

This is a great, quick breakfast spot in The Scottsdale Quarter.
The breakfast sandwiches are tasty.
The smoothies are delicious.
The staff is friendly.
Plus, nothing is too expensive.
If you're around that area and need something quick & good, this is a safe bet.

For a fast, healthy and fairly inexpensive option for lunch at the Scottsdale Quarter, I would say this is the place to eat at.
They have a simple menu as well as fresh baked goods all out on display making it easy to order.
I like the fact that you are not served at this restaurant.
You go up to the register order, pay and wait for your food to be brought to the table.
C3 serves the same food as Chloe's Corner across the street in Kierland.
I often order the salad and sandwich combo which has always been fresh and good.
They now have a frequent customer card that tally's up points every time you purchase something.

Cool little breakfast place in the quarter.
Had their breakfast burrito and it was amazing.
Bacon is also delicious.

We stopped in for breakfast since TruFoods wasn't open yet and would definitely come back again.
You order from the counter, are given a number and take a seat at any table.
We sat outside to people watch in the Scottsdale Quarter.
The yogurt with fresh berries and granola had a cinnamon apple flavor and was delicious.
Also the burrito was choose your own cheese and meat in a spinach wrap--good mild-medium salsa.
Also saw a handful of dog owners eating outside, so it's a pet friendly cafe.

Stopped for breakfast with our kids on a Saturday morning.
The coffee and cinnamon bun were good, the breakfast burrito was so-so.
Overall, not a bad coffee shop.

We went to C3 Kitchen for lunch today.
It is a very modern little cafe type restaurant.
You place your order as you walk in, you are given a number and the food is brought to your table.
The food arrived in a very reasonable amount of time.
I had ordered the sauselito turkey with grilled onions and peppers.
It arrived hot and was delicious.
All the ingredients tasted very fresh.
We will definitely be going back.
A nice place fr a weekend brunch.

Good spot to breakfast.
It's not too expensive, and it delivers what it advertises - good meals at a good price.
Nothing too fancy, just a good simple breakfast spot.

This place has a great location in the Scottsdale quarter.
It is affordable but I felt like they took stuff from a grocery deli and sold it to me?
The salsa was no where near where it needed to be.
The breakfast burrito was a bit small.
The fruit that we ordered was great, however!
It was Fresh but I think the expectation didn't meet reality here.
Inside the restaurant it was a bit dry with no color a bit restrained.
It was a good pit stop and the staff was friendly.
A so so place but I really wasn't impressed.

When I first tried C3 Kitchen, I only had their coffee.
It was delicious and I wanted to try their other menu items.
Luckily, they are located in the Scottsdale Quarter.
You can either park in one of the parking garages or if you are lucky, on the small side street near the restaurant.
Outside the restaurant, they have a few tables/chairs for patio seating.
The inside kind of reminds me of a modern diner - contrasting black and white with some chrome thrown it.
It is very clean looking.
Recently on a weekday, my husband and I came here for a light lunch.
After peering at their menu, which is located on the back wall for easy viewing, I decided on the BLAT sandwich and my husband went for a soup/salad combo.
The soup of the day was a split pea and delicious.
The salad was a little on the small side, but my husband enjoyed it.
The BLAT is your basic bacon, lettuce, tomato sandwich with avocado thrown in.
The bacon is crisp and I really enjoyed my sandwich.
The employees were friendly and patient.
They waited while we made our decisions and quickly brought our food out to us.
Overall, it was a good experience.
I'd definitely go back for lunch.
From reading other reviews, sounds like their breakfast is pretty good too.
I will have to check it out!

Amazing!!!
Everything is so good-- iced coffee, green tea, chicken salad, tuna salad, Italian baguette sandwich, snickerdoodles, inside out brownie cookie.
Omg

I get lunch here to-go on a regular basis.
They have really great healthy salads for reasonable prices unlike the other restaurants in the Quarter.
Service here is quick which makes it a great lunch spot and their staff is always friendly and nice.
My favorites are the Greek Salad which has typical Greek salad ingredients except they add a little more substance with the Israeli cous-cous which keeps me full, and the lemon vinaigrette is fantastic .
I also love their Lemon Chicken Salad with grilled chicken, goat cheese and delicious grilled veggies.
The have fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade which is also delicious but a little on the pricey side.
If you're looking for a casual fast lunch or breakfast spot in the Quarter C3 is a fantastic choice.

Very quaint place.
Friendly staff but it's cafeteria style with full service prices.
Everything on the menu is per item and you need to add everything.
Also you need to get up and get your own drinks  Example.
Eggs came by themselves then i ordered a bagel then i ordered potatoes and 2 strip of bacon  no coffee or drink.
The bill was $15.
Not terrible but not great especially you are not being served.
food was fine nothing outstanding better value at other places.

Great place for a quick simple breakfast or lunch.
Seems like a good place for coffee as well since they sold their own beans.
Came here for a quick lunch.
I just had their Basic Turkey sandwich on multigrain and my husband had their Tuna Salad sandwich.
Surprisingly, both were very good that we left nothing behind.
The sandwiches came with a side of sliced pickles.
I never order tuna salad sandwiches as most places put lots of mayo in it which ends up being soggy and high in calories, but this one was almost dry that you couldn't tell it had mayo.
It had celery in it too so it tasted fresh, healthy and still flavorful.
I would highly recommend getting the Tuna Salad sandwich.
The place was clean and well kept.
If the staff weren't busy ringing up customers, they were cleaning the tables or stocking up supplies.
Not very often when you see a staff cleaning the table with cleaning spray and organizing newspapers and magazines into a neat stack.

Love this place!
Great service and always greeted with a smile.
The chicken salad wrap is da bomb, psssst add bscon !
Go check it out!

