I went to the free class offered during their open house - hands down, THE best workout I've had in years!
After only one workout, it was a no-brainer...I signed up on the spot!
The staff is amazing, Lindsay and Nicola are both so knowledgeable and friendly.
I love that they focus on form and are motivating throughout the entire class!
It's a tough workout, but I always feel so amazing after we're done.
I am officially addicted!

My body has changed so much in a short time, just from doing the kinesis workouts!
The workouts are innovative, effective, and different every single time.
Plus Lindsay gives me nutrition guidance and constant encouragement.
I can't imagine belonging to any other gym!

I got tired of the gym and needed a different workout to get me motivated again.
This class definitely did that for me and then some.
I couldn't believe that after just two weeks of classes I could already see a physical difference!
Sometimes I walked away from the class exhausted from the tough workout and not more than 20 minutes later I had incredible energy!!
This is the best workout I have ever done and totally enjoyavle.
The trainers are really great.
Extremely motivating and push me to do my best every class.
First class is always free....so I highly recommend it at least once!
I promise you won't regret it!

Convenient location.
Flexible class hours.
Trainers keep you busy entire time.
Very personable.
Great guidance on form.
This is a MUST try workout.
You will be addicted.....
Helps with strength, speed, and agility.
I also signed up my son during the summer to help during off season(sports).
Prepare to sweat!

I highly reccommend working out at Kinesis Konnection.
The workouts are fast and effective.
I used my heard rate monitor when I did my first workout and I burned more than 400 calories.
I love the interval style workouts and the focus on strength training.
The classes are small so it is still personal and they will adjust anything to fit your specific fitness abilities.
I am a big fan of TRX workouts and they incorporate those as well!
Definitely check it out!

Great workout, excellent trainers/motivators, very clean facility and a centralized location what more could you ask for!
I tried the free class after a few of my friends' spoke highly of it.
I then purchased a package to supplement my workouts from my other gym.
The workouts are always unique they have never been duplicated and the workouts are tough.
Enjoying the challenge and core strength building!
Best of luck to Lindsay and the entire staff there!
If you have not gone I fully recommend it!

Absolute "nose to toes" workout!
The Kenesis workouts are so effective and will leave you feeling great about what you have accomplished.
Every workout is different which keeps you coming back for more!
I highly recommend spending some time with Lindsay, Kevin and Nicola.
You won't be dissapointed!

