I was at Rio casino playing poker recently and happened to look across the hall and saw what I thought was a mirage.
So I went closer and was surprised to find out a new Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas that no one has talked about yet .
The name is called "Pho Da Nang".
Their menu consists of many popular Vietnamese items, such as Pho, Bun Thit Nuong, rice dishes, etc...   Two things that came to my mind when I was browsing through the menu.
The first thing is I gotta try their Pho and hopefully (very hopefully) that Vegas finally has a good Pho joint.
The second thing that came to my mind was "what the pho with the price".Holy macaroni, their Pho has to better be damn good if they want to charge $15 a bowl + tax.
Almost eveything in their menu ranges from $13 to $15, Normally you would find this prices in the strip, but Rio is like 5 blocks away from Chinatown.
Anyway, I ordered their Pho combo and it came out pretty quick.
The bowl consists of noodle, rare steak, sliced beef shank (what the heck???
beef shank doesn't go with Pho, beef shank normally go with Bun Bo Hue), and soup.
For those that are not familiar with Pho, the combination normally goes with thinly sliced rare round steak, cooked brisket, tripe, tendon.
Did this bowl of Pho pass my taste test?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
The soup was bland and un-flavorful (is this a word?).
I had to put a bunch of fish sauce and hoisin sauce to make it edible.
The thinly sliced steak was tender, but the beef shank tasted fatty and not right for Pho.
Overall, Pho is two stars.
Overall, they better cut down the price or improve the quality if they want to attract local customers.
Since it's so close to Chinatown, I highly doubt they can rely on tourists as their main customers if they don't improve on their food.

Ate here twice because I was staying at the rio and, well, I'm Vietnamese.
Rice dishes are pretty good but stay away from everything else, including the namesake: pho.

I stayed at the Rio & was happy to see a Vietnamese restaurant right next to the registration desk.
We've been there twice so far during our 6- night stay.
We've tried the pork chop rice plate, beef rice plate, & rare beef pho.
All dishes were great!
The pork chops are my favorite.
I want to go back tomorrow to try the chicken rice plate.
I would definitely recommend this place.
$11 per plate with Rewards card   Ample seating at the sports-theater next door

This place sure hit the spot when I was hungry.
$12 (with the players card) for a rice plate seems a bit expensive though.
The wait was excruciating too.
We were the only ones ordering and the food took at least 15 minutes.
I went up at least 3 times to check on the food.
She kepy saying it was not ready yet.
I wonder what the chefs were doing in the back.
I would not come here again because I really dislike the Rio.
It is so far from everything, making one's choices very limited.

The meat is seasoned so wonderfully, especially the beef in the #18!
Kind of pricey considering the amount of food (ordered a rice plate- so scoop of rice and some meat), but of course it's Vegas and everything is more expensive!
First time eating Vietnamese and it was a good introduction :)  Customer service was good- we didn't know what we were doing and when we ordered rice stick plates the hostess told us they were cold dishes, which we didn't want.
She was able to recommend two other dishes similar to what we ordered originally but that were warm dishes served with rice.

Good food, but a bit pricey.
I enjoyed the pho and the fried rolls, which were done just right.

Bun rieu-7/10  Must say best one Ive had so far in Vegas!
It's cheap and taste like home!
Next time I come I shall try something else.
Don't forget to use your rewards card for 1$ off.
Or even better, check to see if it can be completely comp.

Authentic food that is well worth the price.
No msg used and fried rolls are made with rice paper.
The service is excellent!

The food was so wonderful especially the #13 spicy beef sate.
It spiciness of it is just perfect thank you Rio for having a Vietnamese resturant in the casino..

The food is good and so is the portion.
The amount of food you get is about  the same as at other Vietnamese restaurants, so no worries about the portion size.
We ordered the Pho combo (#1 - was decent), Charbroiled pork chop with rice plate (#19 - was good), and Charbroiled chicken rice plate (#20 - was good).
The rice dishes are tasty and authentic tasting.
The  Pho was not bad at all.
Yes, it's pricey but a.You are in Vegas, and b. it's conveniently located in the Rio Hotel for its guests.
Thanks Rio!

Hostess was extremely helpful in choosing a dish.
On her recommendation I ordered #15, which was beef and vermicelli noodles.
Beef was really well seasoned and very tasty.
The sweet and vinegar sauce that came with it was delicious.
There was a salad of sorts under the cold noodles and it was nice to see some fresh veg in a Casino.
I only gave it 3 stars because I have a favorite Pho place in Los Angeles which is much better but this was good and a refreshing change of pace from the usual inexpensive (relatively) Casino meal.

Came to Pho Da Nang after a couple of games of poker with some family.
It is located in Rio Hotel & Casino and it seem decent from the outside.
I wanted to try something new and I do not remember this being here since my last visit.
I guess vietnamese food in Vegas and me do not mix well.
Food Order with Price (rounded to the whole dollar) #19: Charbroiled pork chop with rice plate $12 (Place two orders) #15: Beef with Vermicelli $12 (Place two orders) #22: Ice French Milk $5 #24: The Thai Ice Tea $4  #9: Egg Rolls $7  Grand Total: $64  Customer service here was horrible and results in the reason that this place only get two stars.
A male working who was wearing a uniform that was for a referee at a soccer game took our order.
While another female worker with glasses was busy taken another order on the phone who seem to be in Pho Da Nang uniform.
The person in the referee uniform throwing all sorts of attitudes at us today.
It seem he might have not had any luck at the tables.
The waitress who was busy on the phone when we arrived to take our order gave us a apology earning one star back.
The food it really standard for Vietnamese.
The prices are a little hiked compared to the price in NYC but it a casino and Vegas (Hint: You if are a local you get a discount!
I stayed away from the pho noodles because of the mix reviews from fellow yelpers.
Probably the best thing is the egg rolls number 9.
They are massive compared to the New York City version.
If you are looking for just plan old average vietnamese food with served with a side of FRESH ATTITUDE this is the place to be!
Probably visit again but next time I will tell them to hold the attitude.

***Food options at Rio are very limited and there is not much open during the day; this Vietnamese order-at-the-counter spot (located in Rio's food court) is one of the few places open for lunch; the food here looks less greasy than the deli next door, but the food was below average (the grilled pork had an okay flavor and decent moisture, but it tasted like it was pre-cooked and then simply heated up; the egg rolls had an unappetizing color (no golden brown exterior; a bland, greasy and white deep fried shell)***  I imagine Rio offers free self parking like all the other major hotels and casinos on The Strip.

ate here during superbowl weekend.
had chicken pho.
it was tasteless and bland.
not much chicken, a lot of noodles.
was served with cilantro instead of thai basil.
the bean sprouts were old and brownish.
my friend had a meat dish with rice.
he said it was OK. not a lot of meat.
I was so disappointed cuz I'm crazy about pho.
this was one of the worst I ever had.
would never eat here again.
I can make a better pho at home.

Most expensive bowl of msg laced imitation pho I've ever tasted.
The service and ambiance are good, but the pho, bun bo, mi quang are not so good.
The broth has no flavor, and the noodles are very starchy.
For $11-$13 a bowl, it'd be worth it to take a taxi to Pho So 1 in China Town for some real pho.

line to the order counter...small discount for total rewards cardholders...fried eggs rolls, pho bowls and bun bo hue ordered...pay first and waiting for number on receipt to be called...lengthy wait of over fifteen minutes....self-serve sauce and pick up food back at the counter...find a table to eat....told the bun bo hue was good by the worker, but finding quite bland and meats chewy...noodles quite bloated and overcooked soft....same problem in pho...lacking much flavor and slight bitter taste...finding only the fried egg rolls being pretty good...

A good dinner option at the Rio.
I enjoyed my chicken noodle pho, and my friends enjoyed the bbq pork and pork bahn mi.
Dinner was reasonably priced too especially if you have a Rio card.
I was glad to find this place!

Only heard bad things about this place but was fighting a hangover and you know what that means....time to get my pho on.
Ordered the number 3.
The broth was flavorful but I still added a bit of hoisin sauce.
Because its hoisin sauce duh.
The meet was nice and tender with good flavor.
The bowl was very filling.
But it was a little pricy for pho but then again it is Vegas so whatevs.
Solid choice to get rid of that headache.

dont waste your money here period!

"Meh" at best.
The broth was tasty, meat was scarce, and the cilantro was abundant.
So I guess if you're looking for some good broth with cilantro, this is your place.
Better off going a couple blocks down the street for some real pho.
Seriously though - the cilantro overpowers.
And I think it outweighed the chicken.
Service was nice though.
That's one of my two stars.

This used to be a Chinese restaurant under the name Mahjong, it was really good, I don't know why they changed it to a pho place.
The food was decent, but nothing that really stood out.
I tried the boba and it starts to fall apart, no bueno.
If you're starving and need a quick Asian fix, this will do, until you find something better in Chinatown.

It's actually very tasty.
It's just that most people order the wrong items because it's confusing.
The bun rieu noodle salad with pork or beef with an egg roll is great.
It's number 14 or 15 and listed as rice stick.
Most people don't realize that rice stick means noodle.
The bun rieu is really awesome.
The pho and rolls are not bad.
Too bad the menu is confusing for most people.
I guess it's better to keep the lines low.
Also good is the dim sum place next door.

I gotta admit that this place had pretty good tasting Vietnamese food - however I am just appalled at the prices for the food - honestly would not have tried this place if it wasn't for my picky 5 year old niece.
She's the type that wouldn't eat anything and so when she said she wanted noodle soup - this was the closest place we could take her to because her parents was at the Celine Dion concert and we didn't have a car to take her anywhere else so we were stuck in RIo - which was where they were staying at.
So therefore wouldn't have tried this place at all if it wasn't for her - but in the end she didn't even eat that much.
Well anyways onto the food - we ordered a bowl of rare and well-done beef pho, a grilled chicken rice plate, a grilled pork rice plate and an order of spring roll, two hot tea and one coffee - all this for the outrageous price of $65!!
This isn't a restaurant either - it's more like an express Vietnamese place located inside Rio and shares it's seating and tables with a pizza place and a taco place.
The portions were okay - they weren't exceptionally huge for the price but they didn't skimp either - I guess it was just enough.
Man I have never paid so much for Vietnamese food before - each plate was about 15 dollars - two spring rolls was 5 dollars and the two tea and one hot coffee was 15 dollars.
The food like I said was pretty good tasting though but still pretty expensive right?
Well there wasn't really much service to speak of either - since we ordered and we picked it up ourselves.
Overall this place is good for a quick meal and I guess if you don't mind paying a little more than usual for Vietnamese food then go right for it.

Get a rewards card before you order and you can save $1 on each dish you order!
I had seafood noodle soup and shrimp spring rolls.
The dip was so yummy.
I couldn't get enough of it.
The noodle soup was delicious as well.
Great dining experience.

We wanted something more than a deli after the awesome penn and teller show.
So this was a nice surprise!
They were very nice at the counter and we have never had pho before so don't know what to compare it to.
We got a locals and a total rewards discount so saved like $8.
Yes the meat/seafood was scarce but it was yummy for 11 pm.
Would we go back?
Probably not unless we were at Rio.
But overall good for a late date night spot ;)

