Tchotchkes galore.
Nice change of pace for the neighborhood.
Some creative items, a few old pieces that haven't been altered or modified, several older pieces brought current to the latest trend(s), and some vintage pieces given a new life other than what they were intended.
Got lots of pics, just have to wait to get access to new business on my cell.

If you like repurposed, up-cycled items, vintage treasures and antique gems, this is the store for you!
Thriftiques is absolutely packed with furniture, knickknacks, home decor and hand made jewelry.
This place has a different look and feel to it every time I visit, and there is always something new to see, no matter how many times I look around.
A great mix of nostalgia and new ideas to get your inner decorator inspired!

I love this store!
There is something for everyone here.
Every time I go in it is a new experience.
Love the creative vibe and the repurposed treasures.

I ADORE this store.
Really love it here.
I've found some fabulous furniture pieces here that are really unique.
There is also a lot of selection of home decor items that aren't going to break the bank.
The owner, Julie, is probably the nicest, most helpful person you'll ever meet.
She knows each of my children by name and asks about them every time I come in.
I've recommended this store to quite a few friends and they've had the same great experience.
I highly recommend for anyone looking for unique pieces for their home.

I LOVE this store!!!
Every time I've gone in, I've either taken something home or put something on layaway!!
I even try leaving my purse in the car!!!!
I just go get it!

First of all, I have to walk in and slowly go around the shop scoping out all of the unique, one of a kind items  There are victorian, mid-century, vintage industrial, funky, and interesting finds.
It's hard to take it all in if you're a shop-a-holic like me.
But, I do, I take it  in by walking slowly, examining and pondering each item, trying to figure out if it fits my personality and my own space.
There is a variety of furniture, pillows, art work, quirky storage items, and yes, even jewelry.
And the jewelry is either vintage or hand made.
Gotta love that!
I have purchased something each time I have made a visit.
Okay, I'll tell you!
I bought a great vintage red wooden storage box on wheels, a wonderful art print signed by the artist, (Most people who visit my home comment on the message it give.
)and today, Today I purchased two wooden shutters for my window in the back of my house.
(I'm going for a rustic Mexican courtyard look: the shutters will add sooo much)....can you tell I'm excited with this find?
Well I am!
The price was amazing!
I have gone to various, out of the way places in the East Valley looking for the right shutters, low and behold, Thriftiques had them.
I actually keep thinking about the burlap, pillow with the fun, young looking, turquoise polka dots that I wish I would have bought...maybe tomorrow.
So by now you obviously can tell I love this place and would highly recommend a visit.
Spend time roaming though, it will be so much fun for you!
Good luck and happy shopping!

Love, LOVE LoVe this place!
Cute furniture, very well done.
Owner is very nice and she offers layaway!
Can't beat it!

