I was referred to Dr. Or by a friend in my nursing program.
I highly recommend him because he takes the time to go over all of my health concerns and no complaint was ever too trivial.
He is very thorough in his examinations and spends a lot of time for patient teaching.
This is one of the distinguishing factors that separates him from many other PCPs I've dealt with.
I didn't feel like I was being rushed out for the next patient   His office accepted my school health insurance, which was awesome.
I was only charged a co-pay for each visit.
I also never waited more than 10 mins!
Shocking, right?
Also, I sent my BF to Dr. Or for his Hyperthyroidism and the meds he was prescribed definitely decreased a lot of the symptoms my BF had.
Less than 2 weeks into the treatment and my BF NO longer had palpitations, tremors, & the rapid weight loss!
Dr. Or is great, intelligent and personable!
I would recommend him to anyone!

I've been seeing Dr. Or for over 6 months and I've never been more satisfied every time I see him for a check up or a problem I am having.
I recommend anyone to see Albert for any questions or issues you are having.
He makes you feel comfortable and less stress on any situation you are in.
The best quality I believe he has is that he actually listens to you unlike other doctors that assume and ends up not being the problem.

Dr. Or is the best!
I've been to several clinics in Nevada and none of them compare to the quick and friendly staff here.
Dr. Or was able to see me on short notice and addressed my health concerns in a professional yet personable manner.
He was very thorough and didn't rush me out the door as so many other doctors do.
I highly recommend Dr. Or to everyone I know!

We are a family that don't usually like doctors however we have found Dr. Ram to be very patient and knowledgeable and takes his time to listen to us when we have any questions.
He has helped me at times when the specialist couldn't figure out what was wrong with me.
In my 20+ years of living in Las Vegas i truly feel he is one of the best doctors that has treated me.

Dr. Ram is a genuine, kind and caring professional.
He is knowledgable of recent medical studies which he implements in his practice.
He is up to date with the latest research and has great bedside manners.
He educates his patients and takes his time with them.
His facility is clean and staff professional.
I am so glad he is my family doctor.

Dr. Or is very knowledgeable and caring.
I highly recommend this clinic cuz of the staff and great Doctor!!

Made an appointment on line and received a confirmation.
A couple of hours later received a call telling me that I did not have an appointment even do I had a confirmation.
What kind of customer service is that?
If there is no availability DO NOT CONFIRM the appointment or make it easier DO NOT POST ITMES YOU DON'T HAVE AVAILABLE.
If this is the first impression of the staff don't want to experience it in person.
Don't waste your time

I was referred to (Dr.) Albert Or by a friend.
Albert Or  is very personable, likable and he listens to you.
I did not feel rushed - as you do with others.
He gave me some very good advise and I am very pleased with the outcome.
I would recommend him to anyone.
He very Good.

Dr. Ram is absolutely the BEST Doctor I've had in many years also.
I have been his patient for several years now.
He is extremely smart, professional & gives excellent care.
His expertise is 2nd to none.
I appreciate that Dr. Ram takes the time to listen and explain everything so I can understand exactly what condition I'm dealing with.
He had treated me on several occasions and made my excruciating pain a lot more tolerable with his treatment.
I have always experienced a 5 Star treatment from Dr. Ram and his entire staff which is also friendly and professional.
I also feel very lucky and I am very happy to have Dr. Ram as my treating physician.
I have referred several people to his office and I highly recommend anyone to Dr. Ram's office who is looking for top notch medical care.
Thank You, Dr. Ram for continuing to be my Doctor.

All about the $ here pay before you see anyone.
They double book for appointments so you always wait!
I'm here for weight loss.
If you want to see the Dr. For something different example you hurt your neck or you found a lump on your skin you must pay for a second appt.
The weight loss is a totally different area.
So tuff luck not really sure if they care about your over all Heath here?

I'm writing a review as I sit here in the private room waiting for my doctor.
I checked in for my 3pm appt at 2:45.
It is now 5 and I have yet to see a doctor for a basic physical.
I had to ask after sitting in the waiting room if they had forgotten me only to be called inside and wait for another hour and counting.
No apologies , no communication on status.
I will never go back to this place and would have walked out if i didn't need this done today, I've already wasted so much time.
Seems as though having their patients wait is the norm since reception desk didn't flinch about my concern with the wait.
If you value your time - I wouldn't choose them.
There are too many choices to be wasting your time.
I wouldn't know how to rate the doctors since I have yet to see one.

All this practice seems to care about is the money.
My husband has had a numb hand for 2 months now.
We initially saw the doctor, but he had to go on a trip so we were pawned off onto the emotionless PAs.
We had to switch doctors because we weren't sent to get X-Rays until... a week ago.
He could have permanent damage due to the negligence of this practice.
We wait 5 hours only to see a PA who refuses to acknowledge us as human beings?
It is illegal to have a PA work on a patient without his doctor present.
We were not diagnosed properly.
Although they were well aware that  my husband is a bartender and needs his hand to make an income they continued to brush him off.
The last straw was when my husband was is severe pain last week.
He was out of medication because they refused to give him a refill without paying another copay.
We called them at 5pm ( they are supposed to close at 7) and no one was available to help us.
There was no emergency line and the doctor could not be bothered.
The next day we weren't given a follow up call until 6pm.
Your patient is crippling pain and you don't call them back for 24 hours?
I would stay far away from this practice.
They lack compassion and they are scam artists that pile customers into their office like rats in a cage.

Not sure why this place has such great reviews.
Granted, I've never seen the primary physician, I've only seen Jennifer Relph.
She's great when it comes to her personality and being friendly.
I'm not one for doctors and she makes going to the office a little more enjoyable.
That being said, she's not the sharpest tack in the box.
I went in for a TB test while the Coronado TB fiasco was going on, and had recently gotten a hep a shot in the same arm.
I asked her if that was okay to make sure that it would not interfere with the test results.
What she did next was horrifying... She googled it.
IN FRONT OF ME.
Rather than going outside the room and googling it, because there are two computers outside the room, and coming back in to let me know, she did it right in front of me.
I was horrified.
The next problem with this office is the front desk staff.
Can you say unfriendly?
You can tell they are required to say hi and act friendly, but it is a little more than forced.
They are rude and short with everyone.
The next problem is their billing department.
We were over charged by about $50, and for some reason they try to tell me that it's not there every time that we come in.
We have to fight the billing department for every appointment and they always end up finding out that they were wrong.
I will be finding a new physician to say the least.

From the first phone call I made to the office, I was treated with care.
Very friendly, kind, professional and efficient Front Office Staff, Billing Department, Dr. Albert Or, Nurses and Assistants included.
The entire staff has always treated me warmly and with respect.
Having a private conversation about your medical concerns can be uncomfortable and embarrassing no matter how big or small it may be.
My problems may not seem that important compared to other people, however the staff at FDOGV didn't make me feel like I was wasting their time or they were too busy for me.
They always took the time to answer my questions made me feel at ease as they continue to treat me and help me through the process of regaining my health.
The Front Office gets busy at times however the staff is always patient and friendly.
They always say hello and goodbye, acknowledging me and making me feel more comfortable.
I highly recommend FDOGV and I thank them for everything they do everyday to help people like me.

