Hayla Couture and Alterations is amazing!
Another seamstress had twice messed up the elastic and seams I needed, and the event was that same evening.
I was very worried when I called her, but she immediately invited me to her shop and reassured me she would be able to take care of it.
It was a lot to fix, but she was able to take out and re-do all of the seams needed, attached it perfectly the way I asked, and if that's not enough, she completed it three hours early!
I really felt like she understood and cared about what I needed.
I will definitely be going back for all of my future alterations!

Hayla is amazing!!
I took my bridesmaid dress to her to be altered and it came back perfectly!
I needed my dress hemmed and taken in and she did all of this in a matter of a few days.
My friend also had a "bridal emergency" where her wedding dress wasn't fitting correctly a day before her wedding and Hayla completely helped her fix the problem the same day along with re-doing the mistakes and poor work that the original seamstress did.
I don't know what we would have done without her.
She is so sweet and a true professional.
I will be sending all of my friends and family to her!

I love Hayla !
Not only is she a miracle worker with alterations she is the sweetest woman!
Talk about amazing customer service, she is hard working and genuinely cares about making you happy!
I trust her and her sister Rita ( in chandler) with my pricey gowns and they always go above and beyond!

Hayla is incredible!
She has altered many things for my fiance and I, and everything has turned out perfect.
Recently my fiance purchased a wedding dress from a wedding boutique in Phoenix, and the wedding boutique did a really poor job on the alterations.
We then took my fiance's dress to Hayla, and she knew exactly what my fiance was looking for and what changes needed to be made.
We picked up the dress today, and it looks amazing - she did an awesome job, as the dress fits perfect and is very comfortable.
My fiance loves her dress, and I'm so glad Hayla was able to fix it and give my fiance what she was looking for!
I'd highly recommend Hayla to anyone thinking about tailoring any article of clothing, she really and truly cares about her customers.
For each item we've taken to Hayla, she listens to what we want and works hard to ensure we are satisfied!

Hayla saved my wedding dress!
It came with a lot of problems from the factory and I had brought it to David's Bridal 4 times, each time they didn't fix it completely, until the head seamstress there at David's Bridal told me nothing more could be done "and you're going to have to deal with it" (bumpy layers of fabric on my waist, too small at hips and the collar wasn't even.
)  I took it to Hayla and she said no problem at all!
She figured out the problems with the layers and materials quickly, fixed it by hand and it turned out beautiful!
Hayla really cared how I felt about the dress and her work, and that means so much!
I would definitely recommend Hayla to anyone!

