would not recommend.
I have been having issues with my car since the day I have purchased it.
Hasn't even been two years and I am in the shop almost every month!

While they did assist me in getting a car when I really needed the help, be warned, that assistance does not come cheap.
Now, on to the car.
I was informed that all the cars they sell undergo an inspection to make sure they are worthy enough to be sold.
I have to believe that the level of worthiness is pretty low.
The AC didn't work on the test drive.
They did fix it though, kudos for that...
Within 1 week of getting the car, i found out that brakes are needed all the way around.
Brakes are a consumable so, I guess I'm stuck for that, but a week, really?
The transmission slips, after reading some other reviews, I'm a bit nervous about having them look at it, after all, I bought a car because I need something to drive and they made it VERY clear, NO LOANERS I have had the car 2 days short of a month and I finally got plates(no more getting stopped, YAY!!!).
I know DMV is slow, but a month?
I'm giving 2 stars because, yes I got a car & yes, they did fix the AC  This has been just an overall feeling of the place and the company, most the people themselves have been pretty decent to deal with, but remember, its only been a month...

smart auto I believe is breaking lemon laws and ripping off people like myself.
I'm 22 and had to get a car for work and school so unfortunately I went there and got a 1999 Chevy cavalier.
my car value is $2,000 but they signed me up for $12000.
the car was damaged and instead of fixing it they offer a discount on repair costs.
every time I take it to be fix, it never gets fixed.
I been paying $400 a month for 2 years and still owe over $8000.
I'm stuck in this car due to the amount owed but soon I might have to settle for being in debt because I cannot afford the car.
total rip off.
I need help making sure no one else has to go through the sleepless nights, tear fall, and stress they put me in.

I have never been here however I did get to interact with one of their employees today.
I received a call from them today asking for someone named Charles as they were just speaking with him.
I politely informed the man on the phone that I was sorry but he must have the wrong number.
He continued on asking if he called "insert phone number here.
" I told him yes, that is the number he called.
He proceeded to tell me to tell Charles that next time he shouldn't be so rude and hung up.
Now fortunately for me, I do not know this rude Charles person but still didn't appreciate being told off by a random person over the phone when I clearly apologized and stated that they had the wrong number.
Not that I had ever heard of this place before or am in the market for a car, they definitely made sure I won't be going here for any car buying in the future.

