I have used this groomer for my Yorkie a few times... they are so kind to the dogs and do exactly what you ask for.
I have used a few other groomers around town and I have to say I will be sticking here.

We have used this groomer for a few years now.
Other groomers we used were good, but these ladies are the best.
We have a Westie and a King Charles, and they do a beautiful job on both of them.
We will never change groomers again.
Highly recommended.

Awesome groomers!
They were so nice to my Shih Tzu and treated him very well.
He has sensitive skin and is red after I have taken him to other groomers, but he was perfect this time.
They also listen really well and gave him a cute, even look.
Will definitely be sticking with them.
Also, prices are very reasonable.

I have been going to Top Dog Grooming since the day they opened and we have had the BEST experience with our Morkie.
Everyone that works there is professional, loving, educated and passionate about the animals the are caring for.
I would highly recommend them!

5+++ stars to Marni and her crew!!
I have found the place that I TRUST to leave my furry babys for a bath.
I stayed while they took care of my older dog to help keep him calm.
I watched customer after customer leave happy with beautifully groomed dogs.
They really love what they do and they luv every animal that is on their table.
Thank you!

If I could give this place a million stars I would.
After having to deal with some not so great groomers in the area, and after some research, I saw this place had great reviews.
They were awesome!
I work at 12:30pm, when I explained this, they were able to get me in first thing in the morning, shave my 2 Poms, and get me out at 11am.
They were so sweet to my dogs.
And they did an amazing job.
I am so happy to have finally found a good groomer.

I absolutely love this groomer!
They have been grooming my two pups for a year or so now.
They are so good to them and when I pick my dogs up, they are never stressed or anything.
That means a lot to me.
I know that this groomer is giving my dogs appropriate attention and care while servicing them.
The dogs always always always come out looking great and adorable!
I highly recommend Top Dog Groomers!
A+++

It was my first time here and I was definitely Impressed.
The groomers work and etiquette was lovely.
I usually need the works when it comes to my little schweenie mix.
;) I'm glad I went to her and will most definitely be back!

I won't go anywhere else.
They do a great job and are so accommodating!
I used to have to call and book an appt a week before my dogs can get groomed.
One time, I needed an emergency grooming session and I called 3 places around my area: one was closed (on a Monday), one never answered, and another one told me he wouldn't have groomers until Thursday (because they all went on a vacation together, how do u do business that way?).
I finally called top groomers and they let me bring in my dogs that same hour and I picked them up a few hrs later.
I LOVE that they have availability and I need that type of fast service.

Top dog grooming is the best place I've been too so far.
After my dog had been turned down at other places for being shorter tempered, and I was told that he just needs to be trained more because he's "too aggressive" and a list of other things that are ridiculous, I know not every dog is going to sit there perfectly, and I also know Guinness isn't an angel but if he felt the need to be aggressive there was probably a good reason.
Top dog took Guinness in and he came up to the groomer (I can't remember her name, wonderful woman) he was licking her hand and he jumped up on the wall to say hi.
I've never seen him do that before.
The energy inside was so positive!!
I will NEVER take my dog anywhere else!

