loving it.
Happiness in a cup.

This place rocks.
Great service!
East coast treats here in Vegas!

So great to have a Rita's in Las Vegas!!
Great way to beat the summer heat!

Custard on the bottom, Ice in the middle, Custard on the top; You can't go wrong with the Gelati!
It's fantastic goodness and happiness in a cup.
Can't wait to go back!
Everyone there is really nice and will offer you samples until you start crying trying to figure out which flavor you want.
I freaking love this place :)

My first time ever hearing of Rita's, but I am glad we stopped.
The custard is kind of like soft serve ice cream but creamier (or more eggy, but in a good way).
The staff was very friendly, and the Italian ice is really tasty with loads of revolving fun flavors.
I came here twice in my week visit to Vegas and would for sure come again!

Let me start by saying that Rita's is one of my favorite east coast memories, I absolutely love the cherry ice, unfortunately, the proprietor of this Rita's apparently does not like cherry and has every flavor but.
I mean seriously no cherry ice, but you have Swedish fish, black cherry cheesecake, sour patch(I think)?
I've been in four times now and have been unable to get a cherry ice, they always tell me, "we have cherry most days, you just missed it", really?
It's like a pizza place without pepperoni, or a candy store without chocolate.
I really looked forward to the opening of Rita's, and I'd probably go every week if I could count on getting a cherry ice, but after four misses I don't think I will be returning.
Hopefully they will get with the program and see this negative review for what it is, tough love.

I drove by this place a week ago.
It is in Best in the West (where Cold Stone used to be).
I was beyond excited to finally have a custard place on this side of town.
In the last week I have been 3 times!!
In addition to frozen custard, the also have "ices" as in slush.
And, the flavors are delicious AND scary dead on.
So far I have tried the coconut, s'mores, Swedish fish, cantaloupe, and PB & J.
All of them are amazing!!
You can try samples until you make up your mind.
The frozen custard can be ordered on it's own, as a sundae, as a blendini (their version of a "blizzard" with mix-ins of your choosing).
And, it is SO SO creamy!!
The place is really clean and bright, and the staff is super friendly!
I am happily becoming a regular here.
You should definitely check out Rita's!
!Prices are pretty reasonable.

We had Rita's on the East Coast and I was beyond thrilled to see we were getting one here in Las Vegas.
The staff is friendly and more than willing to explain the concept to first timers.
They will let you sample various flavors of water ice.
I highly recommend the Gelati.
It's layers of fresh water ice and custard.
They have a variety of flavors that change daily.
Definitely a great cool treat here in the hot summer heat.

This place is great!
As an east coaster who grew up on Italian ice in all the pizza joints this place rates!
The girls were quite friendly and patient with all the samples we wanted to try.
They made suggestions for us and for the little one and they were great.
Love the iPhone punch card and pretty easy to use.
The place was nice and clean and it was easy to tell the different flavor options on the board.
I got the Swedish fish and strawberry starburst and they taste exactly like them and were good together.
Tried the banana which was good too as had chunks of banana!
The little one got cotton candy and loved it except her tongue didn't turn blue enough.... Lol Definitely will be going back for more combos!
They now have one in summerlin and one in henderson, now they need one for those of us inbetween!

The frozen custard is thick and creamy, but the italian ice is what makes this place great.
They have new flavors that they try, but the consistency of the italian ice is so refreshing on a hot day.
It's so good, it makes me want to stand outside in the vegas heat just so I can cool off with some of Rita's italian ice.

This is really good stuff.
Italian ice was a great treat for kids and I. I have driven past this place many times and have never noticed it.
The staff where really friendly I will definitely return to try the other flavors.

Tried Rita's for the first time when on a vacation in Philly and I am so happy they have opened a location close to home as this place is the real deal for dessert goodness.
The unique mix of flavors and textures makes you want to come back often.
I love their cream style ices with vanilla custard.
Makes this foodie shed a tear just thinking of going!!!
Update: I tried their Florida Orange ice mixed with coconut ice and topped it off with vanilla custard and oh boy was it good!
Kind of like an ultimate creamsicle!

Good but very pricy!!!
Not worth the cost.
Family of 4 30 bucks!!
Plus there wasnt even enough.
After the small cups were done the kids wanted more.
Maybe thats what the owner has planned.
Really!!
U can take family of 4 to a Resturant and get desert for the same price.
I miss Cold Stone.
The employees were awesome tho!

They serve (Italian) ice, custard and happiness.
Forget Xanax and all those anti-depressants/anti-anxiety meds.
The place is bright and a bit colorful.
They have Disney animated films OST playing in the background.
I got all happy when they played The Little Mermaid's "Kiss the Girl"...my favorite song/scene from my favorite Disney movie!
See, it worked!
It made me happy but didn't solve my ADD.
So about their ice and custard...we got a piña colada  ice with vanilla custard, and a tropical fusion with strawberry custard.
Their custard fits the definition of a true custard.
Piña colada ice was good but I loved the tropical fusion ice.
It's pretty much like POG (pineapple, orange and guava)/four seasons...brings back childhood memories!
There I go with the happiness thing again!
I had my taste buds set on banana ice and chocolate custard though but when we got there, they didn't have it.
They only have about 6 ice flavors.
Plan B tasted good too.
Rita's has been around for years in Philly (I think) so this is not trendy or elitist, just so you know.

Great stop for tasty treats :)  I went with the Gelati, which is a mix of Italian Ice with Custard on the top and bottom!
First visit was the Sour Patch Kids Red Italian Ice and Vanilla Custard.
The Italian ice is very flavorful, and the combination of the vanilla custard was great!
Second visit was much better...tried the Island Fusion with Strawberry Custard.
This tasted like POG (Pineapple, Orange, Guava) and was very good!
The strawberry custard was a bit sweeter, but still went well with the ice.
Cool place to check out with the kids, or kids at heart!
Afraid to ask how much sugar is hiding in these though LOL

What can I say?
OMG!
This place is a true hidden gem.
Tried today for the first time and I am a Rita's fan.
I had the Gelati with Vanilla Custard and Root Beer Italian ice.
D E L I C I O U S.

This is my favorite place for a treat!
The custard is super creamy and delicious!-a very nice compliment to the ice!
Can't wait to go again!

I had a negative, FIRST HAND EXPERIENCE with Rita's Italian Ice on Rainbow Boulevard in Las Vegas.
Rita's Italian Ice is one of those places you hear about by word-of-mouth, so you go there and try it.
But when I decided to experience Rita's myself, I felt like Charlie Brown, running to kick the football, only to be tricked by Lucy when she tugs it away.
What do I mean?
Well, after I enjoyed a nice dinner with a friend, he told me about Rita's, stating how the frozen custard was exceptional.
So, I figured, "what the heck!
-- Let's try it".
When we arrived, the place was packed.
The staff was friendly and the store was clean.
Everything one would expect.
Customers were allowed to try 2-3-4 flavors if they wanted, which impressed me.
Amidst all the sample-mooching, the staff was still respectful and pleasant.
Then I found out why.
This stuff isn't inexpensive, even in comparison to similar frozen yogurt/custard purveyors.
We ordered two "Blendinis" (basically akin to a McFlurry).
They only come in one size.
What we received were two small cups of custard that were filled below the rim.
The custard was whirled into a vortex on the sides of the cups, with a hole straight down to the bottom.
Mind you, the PICTURE of a "Blendini" at Rita's shows a cup OVERFLOWING with product--NOT something UNDER-FILLED and hollow down the center.
Frankly, I felt cheated and frustrated.
The price?
A whopping $10.50!
(for both)...for MAYBE about 8 ounces TOTAL of product between the two Blendini's!
Hell, even Ben & Jerry's only charges about $7.00 for two FULL PINTS of their product!
I could have just gone to McDonald's across the way and ordered a McFlurry for half the cost!
As my friend and I ate our Blendinis, we both agreed that the taste and texture were virtually identical to a McFlurry, anyway.
Sorry, Rita's.
I don't believe your food costs are so high that your prices need to be so exorbitant.
Caveat emptor, I guess.
I probably wouldn't return to Rita's again, unless someone treats me...(lol).
Their product just isn't exceptional enough to overcome the high price point.
But mostly because their products weren't made according to how their advertising displays.
I've since contacted Rita's corporate office and relayed my concerns.
They did respond, but ignored my comments about value & quality.
Instead, they chose to educate me on the process of custard-making and how it differs from ice cream.
But I already knew that, which is why I went to Rita's in the first place!
Oh, Well.
;(  PS:  Two weeks later, I received a hand-addressed letter envelope with no return address.
Enclosed was eleven dollars cash, wrapped in  a blank piece of Rita's notepaper.
I assume that was a refund for my Blendinis (which I never requested).
No gift card to encourage me to try Rita's again, no words on the note paper, no sender's name -- just cash.
Hmmm.
Ok.

So Rita's ice is open yay!!
The person that helped me was very nice and very helpful (I will be coming back for sure).
My boyfriend and I both got mango with vanilla custard!
It was delish !!
It kinda reminded me of Hawaiian shaved ice had a baby with a orange Julius in a great way!!
If you haven't tried it, do it your in for a treat!

Blendinis are u kidding me!!!!
It's 4.99 for small cup that's only half full!!!!
ridiculous!!!

I went last night pretty late, but the girls working took care of us very well!!!
They were super nice and patient with us!
It was our first time there and we had no idea what to get!
They were very helpful and nice!
Thanks guys I will definitely be going back!!!
Keep up the good work!

I've been going to Rita's for 8 years back in New Jersey and now that I've lived in Las Vegas for 5 yrs I've been craving their custard so much so I'm finally in heaven may I suggest having the green apple misto with vanilla custard or the Swedish fish but whatever you chose you won't be disappointed!

Absolutely love this place.
I am a huge fan of Italian ice and their's is the best.
I like that the flavors change so you can constantly try new things.
Would give 5 stars but there is a blonde girl there with glasses that is always rude and acts like she too important to be there.
The rest of the staff is friendly and they make your trips pleasant and fast.

If you were previously an East Coaster then you probably missed that heaven in a cup that we knew as Rita's.
My favorite has always been the gelato with swedish fish but orange, root beer, pear....so many options!
Place is clean, staff is friendly, and it is awesome to have a little reminder of "home" right here in Vegas.

Found this place today, the first day of summer and feel like it's an omen for good times are coming.
I go to Best of the West at least once a month with DSW and Ulta being in the shopping center but I've never seen this place.
It's very well hidden next to a sandwich shop and if i hadn't have missed my normal turn, i would have never found it  I arrived a few minutes before noon but they don't open until noon.
The young lady opened the door for me and welcomed me in anyway.
I told her I had never been there and she explained everything to me and eagerly gave me samples.
I don't eat dairy so the Italian Ice is perfect for me.
I had a Lemon Ice and a Mango Ice and got a Custard for my husband.
Fabulous (said like Oprah) !!!!
Can't wait to go back and try something different next time.

The Italian ice here is unbelievably good.
Made with fresh fruit and with a revolving menu of new flavors, you never know what to expect.
I love the Swedish Fish flavor.
Tonight I had blueberry which had full blueberries in the Italian ice!!!
They also have custard that you can mix together with the ice, but I'm not a big custard fan.
Service is always excellent.
This is my favorite ice cream/dessert spot.

On days where the weather approaches or reaches triple digits, it's always refreshing to have something to try and cool you down.
I work right around the corner from this wonderful place and it took me nearly a year until I tried it.
I'm originally from Orange County, CA and on days where it would be warm or we are looking for late night desserts, I would frequent a place called Joe's Italian Ice.
My girlfriend and I decided to give Rita's a try.
We knew what Italian Ice was already from frequenting our local spot in CA.
Upon walking into Rita's, the menu was nearly identical.
The employees greeted us and must have known we were new to the place because after a moment, she asked if we've been here before.
She explained to us how it works and the varieties and choices we had.
We both settled on the Gelati as it was identical to what we got from our normal spot in CA.
They have about a dozen different options on Italian Ice and about a handful of options of the custard to go with it.
We knew we had high expectations on this place and they met those expectations.
The ice was flavorful and the custard was very smooth and refreshing.
We sat inside and enjoyed ourselves.
Staff kept this location clean and tidy which is always a plus.
I recommend this place to anyone who is up for trying something new.
Wouldn't hurt to have a break from your average run of the mill ice cream shop.

Excellent!
So refreshing on a hot day of 110 today!
Just found this place by accident and is a gem!
Great surprise,  very nice treat and was fun to find something new.
Staff was friendly and very helpful.
Just walked in and we were welcomed with a smile and immediate service.
We related to them that this was our first time here and she explained the menu and sizes, flavors, etc.. Yummy!

