Der Flughafen Edinburgh ist ein internationaler Flughafen 13 km westlich der Stadt Edinburgh in Schottland.
Im Jahr 2009 wurden hier gut neun Millionen Passagiere abgefertigt.
Ursprünglich war er ein Militärflughafen, wird aber seit 1947 als Verkehrsflughafen genutzt.
Er besteht aus zwei asphaltierten Start-/Landebahnen von denen eine derzeit geschlossen ist.
Mehr Infos unter: http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flughafen_Edinburgh

Hinterließ bei uns einen guten Eindruck.
Allerdings waren die Angestellten bei höherem Verkehrsaufkommen schnell überfordert und wurden dann etwas pampig.

Overall an OK airport, some works are being done in the departure area and I am sure this will help a great deal to improve the experience.

I used to find the security staff at Edinburgh Airport laughably rude and inept at social interaction.
They probably think it makes them scary or something.
Bless.
But now?
I'm very confused, due to one particular member of staff at securitypicture this, if you will: Jacket, shoes, watch and belt removed from person and in plastic tray ready to be x-rayed  so far, so standard.
But then, just as I was about to go through the arch, security woman barks: Scarf?
Off.
Cardigan  off(This reveals my fashion-forward second cardigan, or 'undercardi'  you'll all be wearing them next season)  Cardigan?
Off   Socksoff.
Really?
Dinner first though, surely?
Cripes.
I believe some people pay for this sort of thing, y'know.
She slowly assesed me from bottom to top.
I felt naked under her piercing gaze; I nearly was.
But wait just a momentdid my eyes decieve me, or was there a slight smile (very slight  this is Edinburgh Airport security, after all) flickering at the corner of her mouth, a saucy flash in her eye?
The minx!
Was sheflirting?
Did she havea sense of humour?
Well, as you can imagine, I've been rocked to my very foundations.
Did this really happen?
I don't know, I don't knowit's like the end of The Crying Game; everything you thought you knew up till this point must be radically reassesed.
Most disorientating.

Nach der Modernisierung ist der ganze Flughafen etwas übersichtlicher geworden.
Leider läuft dafür jetzt zu den Mietwagen endlos lang.
Aber der Personal ist sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit.

Nicht sehr groß, dafür wirklich schön.
Gute Einkaufsmöglichkeiten und Cafés.
Unkomplizierter Check in und meist freundliches sicherheitspersonal.

Vraiment je suis surpris par cet aéroport qui est moderne, très agréable, avec une zone duty free très riches et beaucoup de point de restaurations.
Pour les locations de voiture une marche de 10 minutes pour les plus lent vous emmène au hub des agences de locations.
Pour restituer votre véhicule pas de problème superbe signalisation au retour sur l'aéroport.

Netter kleiner Flughafen.
Hier bekommt alles, was man auf der Reise durch Schottland an Souvenirs vergessen hat.
Besonders loben möchte ich die ausserordentliche Auswahl an Wihiskeys.
Viele rare Sorten und das oft zum Sonderpreis (in Schottland!!).
Die Gates sind sehr weit aus einander, man sollte mindestens 15min Laufzeit einplanen, wenn man wie wir von Gate 1a fliegt.
Es gabe ansonsten den typischen Mix aus Cafes und Bars, einige Restaurants und einige Fast-Foot Stände.
Nichts aufregendes, aber alles sah sehr gut aus.
Ein wirklich tolles Detail ist, ist das der Flughafen nur 30min von Edinburgh entfernt liegt.
Man muss also nicht 2 Stunden Anreise einplanen!
Die Sicherheitskontrolle war streng!
Hier muss man etwas Zeit einplanen und vorsicht, die Flüssigkeitsmenge werden sehr ernst genommen.
100ml mehr nicht!
Wer nach Schottland fliegt kann ruhig Edinburgh als Flughafen wählen.

DO NOT LIKE.
I appreciate there's some works going on just now, but this airport is a nightmare to get to.
That's not the word I used in the text I sent to my girlfriend as I was in moan and whinge mode, but you get the idea.
The "free" drop off point seems to be a mile away from where you actually need to be; the close drop off point is £1 for 10 minutes!!!
The arrival lounge when I came through it was dirty and in need of a clean, and just flat out bland and cookie cutter.
It would be a one star review, but the post-gate shopping area is quite nicely laid out and the staff are all cheerful, going about their business - plus the view of the Forth Rail Bridge as you're landing is stunning.
I much prefer Glasgow or Prestwick airport, to be honest

Since I have been forced by the shitty London weather to sit here and wait for a delayed flight, it has made me think of how much London effects Edinburgh.
Ok, I won't get all political, but it is vexing.
This airport is small, for a capitol, and lacking in ostentatious glamour, but it is a Damn airport.
It's warm, spacious, clean - it has a cafe and a cat rental.
Er- car rental.
But thanks auto-correct for making that funny.
See!
Edinburgh has a sense of humour.
It's peaceful here too, none of the usual airport stress, which is very Scottish.

