My sister and I came here on 6/1/13, we had Taro snow blended Smoothies with gelatin Boba, it was so yummy delicious.
It is my favorite drink/desert, thanks to my sister who has found this place, it is now my favorite place to go for this type of treat.
I wish they have another location closer to where I live...I would go there everyday!
They also have many others flavors and different type of Boba which they gave out as samples to taste.
All of them are yummy and tasty I would go there again and try all items on their menu.

Despite the simple name, I was impressed of their version shaved ice.
It is located in the food court inside Mekong Plaza.
If you are a fan of Snoh, their shaved ice is between ice and ice cream, still hard to describe it.
The shaving style of the ice looks like noodle.
It's a lot more sweeter and creamy.
My suggestion is putting the toppings on the side.
It is extremely sweet if added in the mix.
First time, we had ordered a plate with taro topped with red beans & condensed milk plus the green tea with green tea mochi & coconut mochi.
We had mentioned to the owner that it was way too sweet.
He came back and said "kids love sweets".
Really?
Who are you trying to target, I guess?
Second time, I tried their flavor of the month Thai tea.
This time I had the topping on the side.
What a difference!
I was able to finished the cup.
According to the owner, they will experiment and have a flavor of the month.
It was great to see all the vendors were opened in the food court.
One thing I did notice is they have fans in front of some of the stations.
It gets pretty warm, good luck on scoring your own fan.

Since my friends kept raving about this new "phenomenon" called shaved snow /snoh, I had no choice but to try it out.
And I did try it for the first time yesterday and thoroughly enjoyed it.
I had the green tea shaved snow topped with red beans (a bit sweet, so I would ask for less red beans next time) and taro topped with an abundance amount of fresh mangos.
There's a variety of Asian inspired toppings for you to select from.
The consistency was pretty smooth.
To me, it was creamy between a mix of ice cream & yogurt.
The shaved snow was not too sweet, just the way I like it.
I opted out of getting condensed milk topped.
Seemed like a general question they asked any shaved snow ordering customer, so if you don't like super sweet stuff, I would opt out.
After sitting in the food court devouring the shaved snow, I came back and purchased an order to go for my sister.
Since it takes about 20 mins for me to get to my sister's place, I asked the lady at the counter if she can put my order in a bag with some ice so it won't melt and she did so without hesitation.
She even double bagged it in case the ice melts...and of course it did.
So nice of her!
I also purchased the mung bean milk tea with grass jelly for my brother-in-law and as picky as the man was, he liked it.

My new obsession.
So delicious!
Just try it!
The service here is so friendly and nice and the portion sizes seem really large too!

We ordered the taro snow with condensed milk, mango, and mochi toppings.
First reaction, the consistency of the snow tasted like there was way too much starch but that may be normal when ordering this flavor.
Other flavors would be worth the try I'm sure so we'll be back someday to try it again.

The only thing I've had here is the coffee, cafe sua da, Viet iced coffee with condensed milk.
Very strong and just the right sweetness and flavor.
Friendly people too.
You can buy a big container of it too, straight, in case you want to see if you can OD on caffeine!

I love this place.
First place I got to really try the real SNOW FLUFF, those the thickness of the snow fluff are inconsistent; they are still delicious!
The owner is a lilmama ;) and she's and the staff were really nice and helpful; the fresh sugarcane drink is bomb as well!

So far, I tried durian smoothie 4 times at this place.
I am addicted!
This is the only place I have been to offers durian smoothie, which can tell you something.
They have All kinds of regular fruits - strawberry, banana, pineapple...
They also have all kinds of  exotic ones - Durian, Leechyee, papaya.
The drink is always made out of fresh and price is very reasonable.
My must-go place every time I visit Mekong Plaza.

YUMMMY and refreshing during this hot weather.
very fluffy and creamy at the same time.
Difference between this place and Snoh is that I CAN ACTUALLY TASTE THE FLAVOR!
Been here about three times so far and its been great so far (:

Good friendly service, they have fresh squeeze sugar cane here !
Good seating area, plenty of seats

IMHO better than Snoh in Phoenix because of the consistency of their snow, and they have larger selection of flavors, toppings, and the same number of glaze.
The prices are a little cheaper $0.50 less.
It's a stall at the Mekong food court that usually plays EDM in the background.
Overall, do love their version of snoh because it's doesn't melt as quick and firmer with more of an ice cream texture.
So, if you're craving a cool treat, stop by and treat yourself to snow goodness!

When it comes to "Snow" dessert, I just couldn't be happier.
I might be the tallest, whitest, most awkward fan of this alien-like Asian dessert.
I can only compare this place to one other "snow" place in town and that is "Snoh.
"  Although very similar, this place is just better.
Their snow is less-tart, more creamy ,and made for my taste buds!
What a unique treat here in AZ.
Although the ambience is kinda yucky being in this little strange Asian strip mall in Mesa, I have to give it 5 stars simply because of the fantastic product  (and the super gorgeous female owner doesn't hurt the cause.
:) )  Tea, Snow, & Coffee....consider me in for life.

I tried the green tea shaved ice with red beans and mango toppings.
The green tea flavor was actually better than Snoh's (the other shaved ice place on Camelback) because the flavor was stronger.
However, the red bean topping was a little weird and the tables in the food court were kinda dirty.
Still a great place to get a refreshing treat in Mesa though!

Reminds me of Vietnamese sugarcane and drinks/desserts found back home in San Jose (that's a good thing!).
They took a while for our drinks to come out though, so minus a star for speed considering there wasn't a line or anything.

Another place that sells snow shaved ice!
They also sell various smoothies, and Vietnamese coffee drinks.
We decided to split a large size strawberry snow.
Each snow comes with 2 free toppings, and if you want a glaze/sauce to go with it, it will be an extra charge.
The toppings include the "popping boba" in multiple flavors, various flavors of mochi, fresh fruit, and chocolate chips just to name a few.
Glaze/sauces included caramel, chocolate, condensed milk, and sesame.
We decided to go with strawberries and coconut mochi as toppings, with chocolate sauce on top.
The large size came as a heaping pile of shaved ice, with a generous amount of toppings and sauce.
It was large enough for 3 of us to share it.
The snow itself is very fluffy and light, like Snoh in Phoenix's shaved ice.
I do prefer Snoh's shaved ice a little better since theirs tastes a little lighter/fluffy snow-like.
This dessert shop is in the Mekong plaza shopping area in the food court.
Our total for the large snow was a little over $6.
Overall a good deal for your money!

Love this place!
Always friendly and they always greet you with a smile, even with my sometimes complex orders.
So many choices and combinations.
My niece's favorite is mango smoothie with popping mango boba, fresh mango and regular boba.
The best thing after dim sum at Mekong Palace.

I've tried a few drinks and shaved snow since my first visit a while back.
Even though it's farther from my house, I like this place over Snoh on Camelback.
Great portions and no frills here.
Snoh acts like it's so trendy/hip with something to prove.
I like the pennywort/mung bean drink, but have to ask for less mung bean because the pasty texture is a little too much for me.

This is an addictive place.
Aside from their great customer service, their product is simply excellent.
I am big fan of their red bean smoothie, Vietnamese coffee, and their snow.
Now, I have a new addiction.
I highly recommend the mocha smoothie.
Not the healthiest thing in the world though.
Of course....it doesn't hurt with all the eye candy either.

I come here just for the pennyworth with mung bean drink.
I've had snow here before.
It was good from what I remember.
The ladies here are friendly.
They speak english well.
There's a screen in front of the register for you to review your order.
The place is clean.
Nice little place in the front entrance.

The four stars is solely for the snow desserts.
I love how they're light, but not too airy, and they're creamier than Snoh's.
I will come back many times for their snow, I hope they get punch cards because I've recently been Asian food/drink crazy and have been spending a lot of money between here and Street down the street (lol).
I would not come here for the green tea, matcha smoothie, or Vietnamese coffee though.
The green tea was wayyy too sweet and had wayy too much boba (which can be a good thing depending on your preference).
The cup was filled about halfway with boba.
The matcha smoothie was so sweet I couldn't even finish it.
The Vietnamese coffee was alright, nothing special, but for over $4 with whipped cream (she didn't tell me it cost $0.50 extra) she literally handed me a cup of ice, with a bit of coffee drizzled through.
You couldn't even squeeze the cup because it was packed with ice, and it literally took me like three big gulps and I was done with the drink..But the mango smoothie was okay, very sweet, but I actually kinda liked it, although it could use less sugar.
So, in a nutshell, I'd just come here for the snow.

I didn't do my research before coming here, and decided to order my standard taro smoothie with boba.
Sadly, there were chunks of taro powder on the bottom and I had to throw out half the drink because it was disgusting.
The boba had the right consistency though, so I probably should've chosen just a regular tea with boba.
After reading all the reviews, I'll only come back for the shaved snow and not any of the drinks  Edit: The Street, on the other hand, delivered a flawless taro smoothie with boba

I ordered the pistachio boba milk tea.
I never had one before and I was a bit intrigued because I love pistachio.
The milk tea was just ok.
It had very little taste of pistachio.
I felt like it was 10% pistachio flavor.
The boba was soft and chewy, and there wasn't enough ice.
The ice melted pretty quickly with the warm boba.

This place has the best durian smoothie I've ever had, real durian is used to make the smoothie instead of powder- it's addictive!
:) We tried the taro smoothie as well and it was good too!
The customer service is outstanding, I have yet to try the shaved ice but I bet it's great as well.

Wanted to try out the shaved snow at this place.
Tried out the Green Tea and loved it.
The texture is definitely unique as I don't think I can say I have had anything like this before.
The boba is good however the milk tea etc.
I think is powdered (bummer).
Overall, the tea & boba is not really unique but decent.
However the big thing about this place is you have to try the shaved snow.

Different   Unique.
Very interesting.
Will return.
Good food.
Nice and clean.
Easy in and out.
Very friendly.
Very helpfully.

Such variety!
I had the pennyworth with mung bean and grass jelly while Mr. W had a three-color dessert.
Both were quite delicious~  While I really wanted to try their snow, I was way too full from dinner to even think about passing such deliciousness through these lips.
A table nearby was devouring a huge plate though and it looked amazing.
Service was super friendly and I like how they had more to offer than the usual boba tea places.
I will definitely be back!

I wanted to love this place I really did.
The fact that they have durian as an option is awesome for people that enjoy it.
Shockingly enough to say (in which I'm still in disbelief) because I Normally don't dislike a whole lot.
Usually texture gripes is my thing at most.
But to say I don't like the taste is just downright mind baffling.
I went with my mom and sister ordered the durian smoothing thinking "this is gonna be so cool and yummy" I tell you now one sip could not make it down without feeling the need to gag.
It wasn't one of those things you can chug either.
Believe me I tried.
The odor just wafts it's way making itself clearly known that this is happening.
All I could think of at this point was Andrew Zimmerman and how he can't even stomach it.
I'm glad it's not just my mom and I.  I thought she would like it as well since she's from the Philippines.
But she just laughed and shook her head probably knowing whys my reaction would be.
I wish I didn't want to try everything but it must be done.
Learned my lesson and on to the next must try's on my list.

Wow!
Amazing coffee, amazing smoothies, amazing everything!
I haven't had the pleasure of trying everything yet, but I'm sure I will...
Came to the market for the first time to buy some ambrosia apples for some cider I'm going to make.
59 cents a pound!
Then a friend had to buy us drinks here.
He created a monster

What a joy to find a boba place in the area!
I'm from an area where boba shops are as abundant as Starbucks.
Plus, a nice cool drink was necessary for my newly transplanted body getting acclimated to the Arizona weather.
Lychee Smoothie with pearls, hit the spot!
Super finely blended Lychee smoothie/slush, but really good cause I saw them using actual Lychee and had chunks of it in my drink.
The only con was that half my boba was the perfect texture and the other half a little on the mushy side.
Cute place, fast service and they have a big menu in terms of flavor!
Price is decent, pretty much the same back in CA.
$3.75  Will be back for more and their shaved snow :-)

Meh ~ Took some friends here to show them what Snow was since they've never had it before and our large taro/green tea was a tad disappointing.
While other Snow's around the valley and in Cali are a bit more airy the Snow here is a bit like Haagen Daaz.
(IE Thick and Creamy) Good in its own way but not what I wanted sadly.
They have cool paper lanterns though that I seem to have deja vu seeing.
@_@ Maybe I've gone to one too many dessert cafes.

This place is my new favorite The shaved snow is Boomb so yummy its fluffy and its in between and ice cream and yogurt!
I took pistachio with granola and boba topping!
loved it and probably with dream about it tonight!
You have to try this place!
!5/5

We stumbled upon this hidden gem wandering around after shopping at Mekong.
I was blown away at how friendly the staff was.
The hardest part was deciding what to order.
I ordered a large mango smoothie with boba and my boyfriend ordered a chai tea with boba.
Both were tasty and we will definitely be back to try the snow.

First time to try this place was yesterday.
Family went grocery shopping and when we came out, I saw the sign, Tea Snow and I was interested to know what it was.
We were headed to eat lunch inside for Dim Sum and after lunch we went to Tea Snow & Coffee and tried it out.
There were alot to choose from the menu: from boba - smoothies - coffee - tea - ice cream..
I had the Pistachio Shaved Ice Cream with Strawberry Mochi & Strawberry Boba.
It was delish!
Would love to go back again!
Went back again to order the same thing except this time instead of small, upgrade to a medium size lol  Pistachio Shaved Ice Cream with Strawberry Mochi & Strawberry Boba

