Amazing food!
Customer service was excellent even with it being so busy on opening day!
Highly recommend Three Cheese Cauliflower soup and Asparagus soup!
Asiago bread was absolutely delish!

I had a feeling Kneader's might be bad since the other Utah-based chains that have come to town haven't been that good (I'm looking at you, Cafe Rio and Cafe Zupas), but Kneader's shows them who's boss of mediocrity!
They have one vegetarian sandwich (not including the grilled cheese), and the veggies are cooked in aus jus!!!
Seriously!
I'm appalled as a vegetarian, and as someone who enjoys the privilege of the sense of taste, I am disgusted by what I ate.
I had my husband try it as well to make sure my taste buds weren't off after abstaining from meat the past few years, but he agreed the aus jus taste was accurate.
My husband's sandwich was also bad.
His skimpy reuben had roast beef in it, not pastrami.
I just couldn't believe my eyes.
The parmesan chips were just regular chips covered in Kraft granulated fakey parmesan that didn't even stick.
Very overpriced at $8.50 each.
To quote Woody Allen, the food was terrible-- and such small portions!

I have loved eating at Kneader's every time we go to Utah now I'm so happy to have them local!
My only complaint is that they aren't closer to me.
I went for lunch during the first week they opened, the staff was amazing and helpful and the food was great!
My kids both had kids combos, my eldest literally drank every last drop of his chicken noodle soup, I ordered the Chicken Ala Mondo salad and my Mom (1st trip for her) ordered the Turkey Bacon Avocado on Focaccia.
We were all impressed, the kids sugar cookies were so good we had to go back and get more.
Next trip there will be for breakfast, can't wait for the french toast!

OVER PRICED!!
$4.78 for a dry -over cooked egg and cheese croissant... the croissant itself was good but can't justify the price or the quality of the whole sandwich - not going out of my way to come back...

I wanna hate this place, I really do.
From the sappy tired "farmhouse" decor on the inside with wall to wall oak to the hoard of "east valleyites" who talked about this place for months before it opened.
I was sure this place was all misplaced hype.
That was until I tried the turkey bacon avocado on their baguette bread.
Hands down best turkey sandwich in town.
Their soups are average at best which negates a fifth star.
But that sandwich, oh that sandwich.

Waited in drive thru line for 10 mins behind 1 car who ordered a single coffee.
When I finally got to the window the girl was moving very slow and not at all apologetic, she handed me the wrong coffee and then took another 2 mins before giving me the right coffee that was so full I couldn't even stick my straw in it without it spilling over.
I asked to talk to a mgr who could care less about what I was telling him...he didn't even apologize!
Prices are the around the same as starbucks and this was the 3rd time I waited so long in line.
I also ordered a cinnamon bun that tasted like butter and was cold.
Soooo not worth the wait...

Their stuffed french toast is the best I have EVER had!
But the service was only mediocre.
Their smoothies are DELISH but slightly over priced for the small size.
I like that they have a drive thru, since the inside line is always long.
I would go again, but maybe before the lunch rush.

No good..sorry Kneaders..you'll never be Paradise Bakery.
Our first visit was so bad and the sandwiches were awful that they gave us two free sandwiches for our next visit and those were just as bad....service is also poor.
Save yourself time and stick with a classic like Paradise Bakery or Flancers.
(Heck.. save yourself a ton of money and just go to Subway in the same shopping center as the quality is about the same).
Kneaders sandwiches are all bread..no meat.

Came here to pick up a friend who works here and ended up getting lunch.
Got the French dip with a frozen hot chocolate and a Napoleon.
Definitely thought the inside was a little kitschy and felt like they were trying to emulate Cracker Barrel's whole general store schtick, but, eh, whatever.
The French dip was good, but it definitely could have done with some extra au jus on the side to soften up the rather stiff (but definitely tasty) bread.
The Napoleon was delicious, but holy crap was my piece huge.
The frozen hot chocolate was perfect for a hot summer day, but I could have done without the slightly gritty texture.
I ended up picking up a couple salted caramel cookies and an ultimate cookie bar on the way out to bring home for the family.
Their overwhelming opinion was that their baked goods are fantastic and well worth another trip over (also, when they say salted caramel, they definitely mean it.
Yum!).
Overall, it wasn't bad, but by no means was it the best sandwich shop/bakery food I've had.
From what I've heard, their breakfast food is better, so I'll definitely have to find the oomph to be a morning person for a day and give them a go.

This place, and Cafe Rio, perfectly embody Utah's contribution to the culinary world.
The formula is simple.
Attractive price point+family friendly atmosphere+casual dining+mounds of calories+super generous portions = a decent week day option.

Went there to try my 1st sandwich today....Chicken pesto panini....it was soggy and ok tasting.
I was really hoping for crunchy bread....Then the chips...Soggy tasting.
I did not try the many desserts they have but they looked good.
However, for over $10 (with an iced green tea which is good) not worth the money.
I could have purchased a sub at Subway with more flavor and for 1/2 the money

Had breakfast with husband there for the first and last time.
Confusing when you enter the front door and no one to help you figure out the route.
My French toast was served stone cold, the fruit cup was mediocre, and my husband had to go up to the counter to get the rest of his order.
It was sitting on the counter and was, of course, cold.
Very very noisy with kids running around the place, kids screaming, and wait staff walking around calling out peoples names..  Not a very friendly place to eat.
All you get with the meal is the entre, everything else is ala carte including coffee and juice.
Quite expensive for what we got.
I would not go back there again.
I had high hopes for this place but a big disappointment.
Save your money.

Try the french toast.
It's amazing.
The pieces are probably 2 inches thick and the size of salad plates.
I could barely finish one piece.
If you can finish it, I'll be incredibly impressed.
4 stars because of price, but otherwise, very nice little place!

This place is on par with every other sandwich chain like it.
I still prefer Wildflower Bread Co, but this is a good place to see the real housewives of Gilbert during the week.

Don't get me wrong - the food is Great, but even when you call in your order and given a time they are still slow...
I"m hoping as they work through the staff and get a few months under their belts the times will improve...

I got the Ruben.
Not bad but not great.
I would go back but only if I was in the area.
I would drive back for their pastries.

First visit today.
Kids had ham and cheese sandwich, and we had a french dip, cream of broccoli soup and the raspberry salad.
Food was tasty.
The sandwich was lacking meat though, very little on it.
The salad portion was also small.
The pricing is average but small portions.
The bread is really good and they give you lots a kinds to choose from.
Ill go again to try the breakfast but not sure Ill spend the money for small portions and small amount of meat on the sandwich.
unique decor, random things for sale

The French toast was amazing and most of the foods are, but it's unacceptable to wait AN HOUR for 2 smoothies and French toast..
I've seen busier restaurants with better service..

Wow, this place was packed at noon!
There was a line almost out the door when I entered.
I browsed through the menu while I waited.
Having eaten at a Kneader's Bakery when I visited the SLC area, I was interested in trying out the sandwiches and baked goods here to see if the AZ location was as good as my previous experience.
I decided on the turkey half sandwich ($4.39) on hazelnut 12 grain, a mint chocolate chip brownie, and a soda.
The half sandwich was very filling, with nicely seasoned roast turkey, fresh lettuce, tomato, and onion, with mayo.
The bread was soft, with large crunchy pieces of hazelnut in it.
The mint chocolate brownie was delicious.
It was thick, fudgey, with a light whipped-cream mint frosting.
Sodas are Coke-based, and there is a self serve fountain.
Definitely a tasty place for a sandwich or baked sweet!

Went for breakfast on a Saturday, the place was packed, not enough seats, and the few table that were open were dirty.
Had the french toast as everyone goes on and on about it, however I thought it to be just ok.
It is about 2 inches thick which makes the middle very dry.
Two others in my party had breakfast sandwiches which were loaded (dripping) with butter/oil.
The prices are reasonable, it was only about $22 for 3 of us.
Not that this is the resturants fault, but parents were letting their children run loose, they were standing in the windows, crawling on the floor, leaning over booths and screaming at other customers.
We did buy a loaf of blueberry/lemon bread that was delicious.
Sorry, but I will not go back here.

Yum!
Great experience but I've only been once.
Ill update this as I go more.
The decor is much nicer than PBC (though I do like that place, too).
The food was good and my little kids liked the kids stuff.

Large brownie cheesecake samples which are awesome.
Packed and very loud, so that threw me off a bit.
Chicken salad had way too much mayonnaise- could be much better.
Croissants were very soft and tasty.
Wonderful selection of desserts.

I would say this place is equivalent to Paradise or Wildflower.
The usual trendy chain food that is a little overpriced.
It was pretty good though, I would go back if I was in the area and had few other options.

Clients wanted me to join them for breakfast on a Saturday morning so of course I wanted to go.
This is a bread place with limited choices for breakfast items but what they really do well here is the French toast.
Set up like a pei Wei style where you order and they bring the food to the table which literally took less than 5 minutes.french toast was excellent and I could only eat one piece, it was extremely filling.
Based on the people in line I would recommend getting here early, it gets extremely busy!

First time I went through Kneaders, my cousin and I just grabbed a Cinnamon Roll which was to die for.
Today I visited again for lunch, and was shocked.
I'm really not a sandwich person, but the half turkey sandwich I got was amazing.
The piece was huge, the Kneaders sauce amazing and the prices were cheaper than most.
Also, ooey gooey bars; yum!

I have never had anything bad here!
Whether you're looking for baked goods, a meal or even just a cup of coffee this is where it's at!
My favorite is the apple bread pudding!
I can't get enough of it!

Went there last night for a quick bite before a meeting I needed to attend.
Have been there before for breakfast which is OK, but I had the French Dip Baguette with a cup of chicken noodle soup and a drink.
The soup and a drink were a combo add for $3.
The sandwich was OK at best.
There was way more bread than meat and it was average tasting.
Nothing seemed super fresh.
The thing that go me was the cup of soup.
Dixie Cup sized portion.
Said it was homemade, but there wasn't really enough soup for me to tell you it was or not.
Close to my house and I pass it often so I guess I'll just need to stick to the cinnamon rolls for breakfast.
Bummer.

Best sandwich in town.
Veggie avocado add turkey and roast beef.
Bread is fresh out the oven.

I've been here a couple times now.
I'd say it's a winner for breakfast and pastries but not so much for anything else.
I've had the crossiant breakfast sandwiches which are delicious, fresh, and warm and fairly large.
For about $6 not a bad deal as it also comes with a side of fresh fruit.
I've also had the French toast that everyone raves about.
It's good.
I wouldn't say the BEST, but it's good for a chain.
Now for lunch, I've had a couple of the turkey sandwiches.
The plus is I do like the fact it's fresh shredded turkey rather than deli meat.
But to me the sandwiches they seemed dry like they were missing something.
Aside from that overpriced!!
You can easily spend $15+ for a sandwich a small side salad and a drink.
I also had their bread pudding which was AWESOME so they seem excel in the baking area.
For lunch I would much rather frequent wildflower or paradise bakery alike.
Their one up is that they have a convenient drive thru!!
What?!
bread pudding on the go??!

Great service and food.
They are always really nice.
Their breakfast is my favorite!
Try their endless French toast it's the best.
I also like their omelets.
The American is my favorite.
There are options for everyone.
A good variety of treats.
Their orange rolls are delicious.
I haven't had something bad here.

They call themselves a bakery and they close at 10pm.
But they ran out of cinnamon rolls at noon and won't be making anymore.
Bummer

French dip on baguette is pretty great, as are most of the soups.
Chicken noodle leaves something to be desired though.
Gorgeous and pretty tasty pastries.
Always super packed for lunch.
Haven't decided though if it's because it actually really good, or if it's just the only mediocre thing in the heart of a culturally and decent-food-deprived-Gilbert and on a busy intersection.
But, if you're near, the only other option is fast good for miles--give it a try.

Went here as a family for dinner.
Looked really nice on the inside.
The line wasn't super long but it took awhile to get our order in.
I would suggest more than 1 person on the cash register.
Also every time we asked for something she would go and check to see if they had it.
We got our food pretty quick after.
The selection wasn't that great food wise, but awesome pastry wise.
I give it a 2 for food and time it took and a 4 for dessert.
Pretty expensive for what you get.

I have visited kneaders 3 times in the past few weeks and in each endeavor had to-go orders.
Would love to comment on how the quality of good they serve is top notch however after repeated incorrect orders I have refused to eat here.
Seems to me this is a direct lack of management having their 15-18 year old hourly employees take as much care for what I order as what a public teacher lectures.
3 strikes and you're out with me and I'll be continuing to take my business to Panera and Paradise Bakery.

Oh my goodness FANTASTIC bread!
If you want any type of bread for sandwiches or today or whatever at home!
We had both the Parmesan bread and the cinnamon bread and both were fantastic.
Will definitely be going back; unfortunately it is just so far away :( we need one in North Phoenix.

I LOVE their turkey, bacon, avocado salad.
One of my favorite lunches on the go.
Also, their cinnamon rolls and cookies are very good.
Sandwiches- meh.
I don't think I would order a sandwich from there ever again.
The drive thru can be annoying because it can take a really long time but every time I go they forget something.
Forks, napkins, the salad dressing, a straw.. Before you drive off make sure you have what you need!

Now, let me preface this by saying that my favorite restaurants are the ones that find ways to make healthy foods taste amazing.
That being said, there wasn't much that was healthy about this place.
Being vegetarian, I ordered the only meatless panini, a Triple Double Melt--which was a ginormous double layer grilled cheese sandwich with 3 layers of French Country Bread and 2 layers of cheese, all grilled in butter (I had them add tomatoes so I'd have some semblance of greenery).
The best part about it was definitely the bread...but it wasn't amazing enough in my opinion to justify all the empty calories and fat.
I also ordered the one vegetarian soup option--which was an artichoke portobello soup.
The soup literally looked and tasted like Thanksgiving gravy; it was thick, gray, and much too creamy with like 3 random chunks of vegetables.
If I had some mashed potatoes, it probably would've been awesome on top...but just not as a soup!
:/   They DO have a rather awesome dessert case filled with all sorts of cakes, cookies, caramel apples, etc.
Since Valentine's Day was approaching, I thought I'd be festive and order a heart-shaped sugar cookie.
Unfortunately, the sugar cookie (while cute) was rather mediocre.
There were lots of other treats that looked yummy though.
In summary, if you're looking to indulge, you'd probably love it here.
Great bread (hence the name Kneader's), lots of beautiful desserts, cute little tchotchkes for sale, and nice staff.
But as someone who tries to eat semi-healthy foods, I felt like my arteries were crying for help when I left.
Don't think I'll be back here for any food but perhaps to buy a cute pastry for a special occasion.

This place is good for lunch...not breakfast!!
Also if your coming for lunch be prepared to wait a while there is always a huge line.
I think this place is over rated..deserts are good and a few of the sandwiched but definitely nothing special.

Wife was sick and wanted some soup.
We had the cheese and broccoli and it was great.
A lot cheaper than Paradise and just as good.

On a rare rainy day, I entered the restaurant craving some soup and a sandwich.
I could have gone through the drive thru but since this was my first time, I wanted to go inside and get the full experience.
At the entrance, cute home décor items were displayed for sale.
A fire was roaring in the middle of the restaurant and felt very cozy inside.
Before ordering, the pastry display is right there with all these beautiful desserts staring at you screaming "eat me!".
Oh I will, don't you worry!
There wasn't a line when I came in but then again it was around 3:30pm on a rainy day.
Samples of their bread were available on the counter, in which I grabbed a slice of the asiago cheese bread.
So good!
I then asked the cashier for recommendations and he said the turkey, bacon and avocado sandwich was the best seller.
I ordered it as a whole sandwich, a cup of corn chowder and a couple desserts (a mint chocolate brownie and a chocolate mousse dessert).
All this and a beverage for $15, not pricey at all.
If we are comparing it to paradise bakery, as many of the other reviews do, this is WAY cheaper!
I wait a few minutes for my food to-go and continued to look around at the items for sale.
I waited maybe 5 minutes and everything was ready to go.
The sandwich was HUGE and looked so yummy.
I couldn't wait to get home and eat.
When I got home, I zapped the soup for 30 seconds just to heat it up again.
The corn chowder was very good, it had sweet corn which gave it a sweet yet savory flavor.
The sandwich was amazing...the focaccia bread was so soft and amazing!
The sandwich contents kept falling out but still a great sandwich and was very filling.
I actually had to wait many hours before trying the desserts.
The mint chocolate brownie was incredible!
I also got the chocolate mousse dessert, which was good but not as good as the brownie.
They have lots of other desserts to choose from as well and am excited to come back and try more!
I have absolutely nothing bad to say about Kneader's.
I am so excited this is not too far away from me and cheaper than other bakeries.
I can't say this place really compares to Paradise Bakery anyways, the food and variety of desserts and concept are very different.
Would totally recommend and will be back!

I won't be "kneading" this place again...
It sounded good, but the sandwiches where pretty disappointing.
I got the turkey and cranberry croissant.
It was rather bland and lacked the gusto that the picture showed.
Oh well.
The staff seemed pretty nice though.
I'm not mad I tried it, I just probably won't be coming back.

I love this place!
Have gone drive through a couple times, the first time they left out half my order but I was happy to park and go in and see their desserts!
Today I met a friend for lunch there at 11:30, we beat the rush!
I had a club sandwich and chocolate chunk cookie....delicious!

I had my first visit here today after trying to come for several months, but they are closed on Sunday which is real annoying.
I ordered a panini and some soup, the soup was ok, served with cold bread and a pad of butter.
The panini had no pesto on it even though it was chicken pesto.
My friend ordered the triple double melt sandwich and it was super greasy.
I am also told the mens bathroom was absolutely disgusting.
I will not be returning to this establishment and will go to my favorite place instead, Wildflower Bread Company.

Amazing fresh sandwiches!
Fast service.
Delicious!
Will be back.

Went here and tried the French dip.
Could not have been more bland!
The prices here are average but are still not worth it.
The portions are large and because it wasnt very good, I wish they were smaller.
Want a good sandwich, see my other reviews!

I want to say food is good.
Please Do Not purchase any retail products!
I purchased a 80$ purse and used it for 1 week and a strap started coming apart.
I took it in a week later and was told all retail sales are final!
Sorry!!!
You can take it and get it fixed.
Wow!

Let me start by saying when they get the order right, their food is excellent!
With that being said 9/10 times the order is wrong!
We live about 1 miles from this location, we used to stop on our way home from work and pick up salads to-go.
EVERY time there is something wrong.
We are NOT picky eaters and usually only ask them to hold the onions, but there is always something wrong with the order.
They forget the dressing, give you the wrong dressing, forget a various item on the salad (cheese, chicken, nuts, etc), forget the bread that each salad comes with.
We've complained to the evening manager on 3 separate occasions, for no other reason but to help correct the issues.
However, we went back again about 2 weeks ago and BAM, same thing!!
Goodbye Kneaders, sad to see you go, especially since our entire neighborhood was excited for your opening, but you just couldn't get it right!!!

love the soups and the sweets!!
and they have drive-thru!
a tad bit expensive and AC is high inside.

After a dinner in east Mesa we decided to go out for coffee and dessert.
We went to kneader's where I had never been.
My wife and friends had been here before and raved on their breads and desserts.
One of our coffee's came out of the thermos cold and had to advise the staff.
They immediately changed it out and made sure we got a hot cup of coffee.
They also came back and gave us a large ice tea which they said was over poured so it was on the house.
We ordered a Napoleon, a bread pudding, a fruit tart and a cheesecake.
The Napoleon was boring to me, the other three desserts were good.
Overall, we had a pleasant experience.

Worst customer service ever.
Drive thru for a simple loaf of bread and they can not get that right.
They askec three times if wanted bread sliced and loudly said no three times.
Bread sliced and when i go into to get what i ordered not so much as a sorry from supposed" manager".
Rather go to a business that puts some effort into customer service.

The bread, the desserts, and baked goods are awesome; reason enough to go back again and again.
Whenever we go, we bring a sliced loaf of asiago cheese bread home.
Sandwiches are good, but pricey.
Everything seems a bit pricey, but it really is quality food.
The staff is great, everyone is nice and helpful.
The wife really loves their smoothies, and that's a good thing!

Went here on a Saturday afternoon and ordered a turkey, avocado and bacon salad.
The boy who took my order asked if it was to go or dine-in, and I said it was for dine-in.
My salad was delivered less than two minutes later in a to-go box, on a plastic serving...bowl?
basket?
Some kind of paper lined thing that made no real sense.
There was apparently no choice of dressing--it came with two containers of ranch.
The salad was okay, but obviously had been pre-made, and had a large piece of extremely wilted and obviously brown of lettuce.
My companion ordered a pannini sandwich also came before she even made it to sit at the table.
The sandwich was just...horrible.
She couldn't eat more than a couple of bites and said it tasted like it had been made earlier in the day, then microwaved to super-heat it before it was tossed on a pannini press to brown it a bit.
The result was an extraordinarily hot, soggy sandwich that was basically inedible.
She asked to see the manager, and when he appeared, she told him her meal was horrible and inedible.
He said he was sorry, and did we want him to have it "remade.
" When she refused, he just said, "Okay, sorry.
" and took the plate away.
No refund was offered or given, nor was she offered a different menu item as compensation, so she basically just had to sit and wait while I finished my meal, with nothing to eat for herself.
Poor customer service and food that was marginal at best.
I will not be returning, and I don't recommend that anyone else does, either.

I have been here several times now and I just not impressed with their sandwiches and soups.
They have very little meat on them and are pricey for what you get.
Their grilled cheese is good but pretty greasy.
Their bread is very good.

If you are looking for a quick, order at the counter, yet amazing breakfast joint, this really is it.
My husband and I come here at least twice a month just for their $5 all you can eat french toast, and their (almost) equally yummy pancakes.
Be prepared for a long line if you arrive close to 11am, which is when breakfast ends and lunch begins.
Sometimes on weekends it is really hard to find a table, and it is an open seating style restaurant.
If you happen to stop by for lunch, the chicken salad on a croissant is really good, and their bakery pies and treats are always freshly made.
My husband usually gets the BLT but I thought it was pretty boring and bland compared to other comparable bakery sandwiches.
Note that they are closed on Sundays, which is disappointing because it's my favorite day to roll out of bed for a late breakfast.

The raspberry cheesecake tarts are out of this world!
I found these guys at the Original Taste event in Scottsdale where I was able to sample a variety of their products and simply fell in love.
They have some of the most delicious breads and pastries that I have ever tasted from any patisserie or bakery.
The staff went out of their way in kindness to myself and my friends and made us all feel very special.
We will be back soon!

It is a great place to eat, the only thing wrong was the soup wasn't very hot, but was yummy!
Was very stuffed when I left there.

Don't waste your time in the drive through.
Saturday afternoon I waited for 5 minutes to order, no one responded.
I had no choice but to stay in line.
When I got to the window no one would even come and speak with me.
The food is good I will say that much.

Kneaders is simply fantastic!
I love Paradise Bakery and I can say very confidently that Kneaders is even better.
From the sandwiches, soup and salad to their mouth watering desserts.
It is impossible to not be delighted with everything on the menu here.
The employees are always friendly and the service is quick as well.
I also liked that the condiment area is always full and the restaurant has always been very clean when we've gone there.
A new favorite for my family.
The only thing I do not like is that they're closed on Sundays!

This place is pretty much the same exact thing as paradise bakery but better quality... Wildflower is a different style and definitely my favorite for a restaurant style sandwhich but this place was good too!
Ordered: Turkey bacon avocado on Crossaint  A little pricey for 10$, w/ no drink.
The turkey was my favorite part... so yummy!

First time here.
A pre-theater trip so we just grabbed a few items including a cinnamon roll, cream cheese brownie, cannoli, and an almond poppy muffin top.
The cannoli was good, crisp with dense cheese cream.
The cinnamon roll was almost as good as homemade.
They offered samples of other products and the sample of the walnut bread was delicious.
I was sad there were not a few more breakfast type items.

The food is still Great... and now it seems like they have worked through most of the timing issues and the register staff now seems to know what they're doing and getting the customers orders processed!

Thought I'd give this place another chance and wish I wouldn't have.
Once again bad service and the food is terrible.
It was dinner time only 4 tables with customers yet there were dirty tables, out of napkins and just dirty.
WILL NOT go back.

Let me start by saying I love there bake goods and most of there food!
There soups are really hit or miss on what's good and I love there homemade chips!
When they are made right.
My one big issue is drive through takes forever for the food even when your the only one in line .
And there weird set up makes for a very cramped space to order inside.
It's not for everyone but it's worth trying when you want bakery food.

