Lots of options for people for people with food allergies.
Everything is gluten free, and they clearly list any other potential allergens on the labels.
They also have quite a few vegan options.
This location serves coffee, although I haven't yet tried it

I just went here and was so amazed, I had to post.
This place opened up near my house, so I finally got a chance to go in.
Not only were the employees super nice and helpful, I was wowed by the selection.
I have to be gluten, peanut, and and dairy free, but I also like to stay soy free as well.
Unless I make it myself, I usually don't eat it...which can be tiring.
This place had such a great selection of items, including gluten, soy, dairy, nut, and egg free items.
I tried a sample of the cinnamon sugar donut.
It was really good.
I almost bought it, but had already settled on chocolate chip cookies and cupcakes.
The owner even let me try a cupcake...crazy!
Both taste great!
Great service, great selection, great food - and they have sandwiches?

They have my all-time favorite bagel.
I eat gluten sadly, but their bagel is still the best, even superior to gluten packed bagels.
Its not too big, not too airy and missing substance, just right.
They are so polite and always express their gratitude for my business.

Love.
This.
Place.
I have been GF for about a year (not by choice).
I was so glad to find them.
Best GF bagels I have tasted, Cheddar Jalapeno specifically.
Recently I got to try some of their Maple Bacon Donuts, in all their mapley-bacony goodness!!
Sandwiches are tasty.
Awelicious bread is really delicious as are their awelicious buns.
I love their cupcakes too!
NUM!
Everything I have tried is wonderful.
Service is always very good.
Several local eateries use their GF foods, like US Egg and Spinato's for example.
More eateries are listed on their website.
Did I mention that I love this place?

A great place to buy baked goods, including a wonderful assortment of bagels and breads, for those with food allergies.
Sandwiches on menu could be improved a little.
Everything I have purchased to use at home has been delicious!

