Sandra is very professional and an outstanding chef and I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a private chef.
Sandra was very flexible and as excited about my very unique request to "Dine in the Dark" for a special occasion as I was.
She designed a delicious menu that hit our palates perfectly with little to no guidance other than a quick review of our wine rack and learning that we are "foodies".
If Sandra had not told me that this was her first experience serving a couple who intentionally could not see and had no prior knowledge of the menu, I would have never known because she was so cognitive of the unique challenges we would be facing by not being able to see.
Sandra was outstanding in her planning and execution and brought everything that was needed.
I am looking forward to working with Sandra again in the very near future.
Maybe for another "Dinner in the Dark"!

I contacted Sandra to be "chef-for-the-day" for my girlfriend's birthday.
Sandra was incredibly responsive.
She worked with me to prepare an excellent all-day menu for the event.
She arrived early and cooked a special breakfast for myself, my girlfriend and her two children.
After breakfast, she worked to prepare lunch, dinner and desserts for the remainder of the day.
She allowed the children to help her bake and decorate the cake.
Sandra is kind and very personable.
THE FOOD WAS AMAZING!!!!!
We were stuffed all day long.
We had enough food for three days.
Sandra helped make it a perfect day!
It is a wonderful thing when you have an idea and you find the ideal person to help you make your dream a reality.
Sandra is that type of person!

Girls weekend and Sandra cooked us an amazing meal!!!
So nice to be pampered every once and a while!

Sandra is amazing.
Book her.
We had the most amazing 50 birthday dinner for friends.
Food is great and she is lovely

*Wonderful* is the only word I can use to describe Sandra's awesome culinary skills!Shrimp risotto with marzipan oil was out of this world!!
Best chef ever.

Hire this lady!
Sandra and her amazing posse catered our wedding.
We had a really modest budget and never once did i have to worry that it wasn't being respected.
Sandra was not only great the day of the event but she was a breeze to communicate with before hand during the coordination and planning of the wedding.
It was really nice to not have to worry about the reliability of our caterer.
We did a tasting with Sandra before we made our final decision on the catering.
She came to our home and made dinner for my husband and i and another couple we invited over.
we made up our minds on the spot.. the food she prepared was not your typical wedding buffet, run of the mill meal... it was delicious.
Our wedding was last saturday and everyone raved about the food.
i've been to big budget shindigs where the food is just "meh".. being able to serve our guests something really enjoyable on a tight budget felt great.
Beyond the food, the service provided was exceptional and her staff was professional and beyond helpful.
I never once worried that our guests didn't have what they needed.
Next time I need a caterer, Im definitely using Sandra.

We hired Sandra for a lovely meal at our rental home in Scottsdale.
The food was phenomenal, the service was lovely, and the chef was fantastic.
The menu was southwestern inspired, and never hit a dull moment.
The quality of the food was amazing, and the effort she put into to the meal was clearly evident in the final product.
She not only was easy to hire, she was on time, and fun to talk to!
Her diligence around the kitchen before and after the meal was fabulous; she even cleaned the dishes!
I would recommend her to anyone looking for a great meal in the Scottsdale AZ area!
Our Menu included:  Passed Appetizers Heirloom Tomato Bruschetta Crostini Chipotle Lime Shrimp Skewers (so tasty!
)  Followed By BLT Salad Pork Belly, Arugula, Chèvre  Lemon Vinaigrette (this was amazing)  Main Four Peaks Beer Braised Beef Short Ribs (food coma inducing!
) Green Chili Tamales, Ranchero Sauce  Dessert Hot Chocolate Fondant (decant, fresh and super tasty!
) Port Wine Reduction, Fresh Berries

If it's possible to add more stars...
I would.
I was a big fan on Sandra via her amazing yelp reviews and when I found out she was catering my friends house warming party I literally was filled with foodie excitement.
Sandra was so professional and tended to the party with ease.
She made empanadas, crab cakes, chicken satay with a peanut sauce, and of course her savory guacamole.
Every bite was so fresh and flavorful.
I was in awe of her culinary skills.
I highly recommend Sandra for any event.
She has raised the bar for any catering service.

