I was fortunate enough to have cool friends in the know and got invited to the soft opening last night.
Very cool place!
The new management team adds yet another revitalizing kick to the downtown scene, and does so without a gaming device on the premises!
I had visited Gold Spike about 2 or 3 months ago, and chatted with friends about the potential.
Thinking more along the lines of a casino refresh, but I think this lends to an even better scene, attracting a fun crowd.
With the great little courtyard area in the back, highlighting a beautiful Air Stream camper setup, some artificial grass, blow up pools and lawn chairs, 2 corn hole games for entertainment (that's bean bag toss for those who just asked the question), 4x6 timber Jenga style blocks that entertain the players and all the spectators, and a live retro jazzy 3 peice band belting out some Sinatra stylings, how could you not have a good time?
Add cocktails and hors d'oeuvres for a perfect setup.
Inside, the whole casino floor has been converted to a plush modern lounge with a great bar, some high top tables, lounge sofas, oversized bean bags, pillows, a huge bed for relaxing with your friends, and lots to do.
Real darts in the back, with some foosball, pool tables, or a giant corn hole game to continue your legume tossing skills whilst getting an upper body workout.
I plan to head back on a Friday or Saturday night and see how the crowd is.
I imagine this falls right in line with the eclectic offerings of all the other fun downtown establishments.

Upon the grand opening of the new and improved Gold Spike, I wanted to check out the Gold Spike Grill, as I've also heard that it's been improved.
Back in the day, I knew the Gold Spike grill offered some really good food at SUPER affordable pricing.
We would order the chicken strips, chicken wings, quesadilla and more at the bar.
All those dishes are about 6-7 dollars.
That hasn't changed, however, the Grill offered more variety of food for you.
The Grill has a retro feel to it.
Must be the lime green color scheme, paired with the rock pillar they have there.
I actually like it.
It's clean and the white chairs/tables make the retro feel pop out.
The staff have definitely improved as well.
Some of them have been there from the old Gold Spike, some are new.
Our server was Kitty and she worked behind the bar counter.
She was super helpful and really took her time to recommend some great dining options.
Another server, Mary was super nice as well.
At one point, I noticed all the servers huddled next to the cash register, counting their tips which was a little turn off, however, they didn't linger around very long.
For our meals, a friend of mine got the omelet for around $7-8.
He's vegetarian so he got mushrooms, tomatoes and avocado in his omelet.
It was DELICIOUS!
The omelet was stuffed with huge slices of avocado, tomatoes and mushrooms and the top had more sliced of avocado.
Really was a huge omelet.
Accompanied with crispy and nicely salted hash browns and toast of your choice.
I got the fully loaded nachos for $6.99, also added chicken for $1.99 more.
I liked it.
Refried beans, queso, chicken, jalapenos, guacamole, salsa and sour cream on the side.
The great thing is that they gave a lot!
I mean, A LOT of food for the price.
My only wish is the queso.
I prefer using cheese you can melt and not runny Velveeta cheese.
Nothing better than Nachos dressed with shredded cheese and then melted under the salamander broiler.
Aside from that, the flavor was good and every ingredient combined, made a great nacho bite!
Listen, you definitely need to check out the new Gold Spike Grill.
This place has a new head Chef who came from Zappos.
Chef James is an amazing guy and really helped to enhance the food in this restaurant.
Along with the average price of food, I think I'll be coming back for years to come!

Stumbled into the Gold Spike this weekend and was blown away by how clean and inviting it is!
Enjoyed a drink at the bar while watching folks playing pool and generally lounging around in a smoke-free environment.
I particularly enjoyed the couch/bed that sports a copy of Fifty Shades of Grey on the nightstand.
I will definitely be coming back--a really nice place to relax and enjoy the downtown scene.

Really delighted with the new Gold Spike!
Great bar, fabulous lounge area, tasty food at the grill, and a nice garden out back!
Oh, and it's open 24 hours and is also non-smoking.
Fabulous.
Added bonus is that the staff are very friendly and I enjoyed a delicious prime rib dinner in the Grill.
I need to eat gluten-free and our server was super helpful and careful to check with the kitchen.
It was endearing and funny too, because our server didn't really know about gluten free requirements, and explained that as they've just reopened and their clientele has changed, they are now getting used to more demanding requests such as gluten free.
In the end all they had to do was remove the au-jus and give me regular, rather than seasoned fries.
It still tasted great and at just $12 was a bargain!!
To top it off, as part of their wide selection of beers they even serve Estrella Damm Daura, which is a Spanish gluten-free beer made with barley but with the gluten removed during the process.
My only gripe is the cost, which at $10 a bottle is a bit much.
I'll be suggesting they stock an American g/f beer instead like Omission; I hope that would allow a cheaper price point!
I'll be back here... a lot!
More on gluten free in Las Vegas:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/

I recently read an article in DTLV about the new Gold Spike and knew I had to check it out.
I had never been in it before, but I can say they did an awesome job.
First of all, all of the staff is super friendly and relaxed, super important if you are inviting people to come over and hang out.
They have a huge ben and gig-ass bean bags to relax on, as well as a foosball table, darts and an area to check out game to play with, like Monopoly, Clue, etc.
The bar area looks nice; I will have to return to try some of their drinks.
There were a ton of people at the bar working on their laptops.
Outside they have a mega Jenga to play with as well as an Airstream camper with a kiddie pool to dip your feet in.
It's getting kind of hot, so ideally you would hang out there in the evening.
I will definitely be back to grab a drink but I also feel like brining a book with me on the weekend and just relaxing.

Ladies and gentlemen, this is the brand spanking new Gold Spike.
Brought to you by The Downtown Project team and Zappos.com.
Since the grand opening, I have been back every single weekend...oh, and to no other location downtown!
That says a lot for me as I get bored with a place.
Nope, not with the Gold Spike.
Let's start off with the ambiance.
This place is a lounging paradise!
Comfortable, over sized lounge chairs everywhere.
They have a HUGE California King (or even bigger) in the middle of the joint, where you can sit down, have some drinks on, or lie on.
They also have high top tables and chairs if you prefer that as well.
You can even bring your laptop and work.
They have free Wifi!!!!
And the greatest thing about the inside?
IT'S SMOKE FREE!!!!
Go outside and they have another lounge area with comfortable couches.
Need more?
They have lounge patio and cushions chairs all around the outside area.
Then, there's the airstream.
It's definitely at conversation starter.
Recently, they installed a large golden statue of a cobra snake.
That was kind of odd.
I think the quirky books, trinkets, decorations and bed set this place apart from other downtown lounges.
The other thing that makes this place rock is the amount things you can do there.
Start with the jukebox and the photo booth by the bar.
Behind the photo booth, you have a couple of dart boards to enjoy with friends.
Then, there's the shuffleboard.
It's inside and super fun.
Next to it is the pool table and a HUGE corn hole game set up.
My favorite game!
You can always check out the board games they have behind the counter as well.
Go outside and there's another huge cornhole along with two normal sized corn hole games.
Lastly, they have the huge sized Jenga blocks.
That has to be the crowd favorite so far.
So much fun, but watch out!
Each block is heavy and will hurt your toes if it gets in the way.
What I appreciate is that within the Grill and the bar, they've kept a lot of the old Gold Spike employees.
I love the fact that they remember you if you frequent there.
Folks like Joe, Will, Jay and Heather behind the bar really makes this place feel like home.
OH, don't worry.
The drinks are really inexpensive as usual!
Trust me.
Such a great update to a downtown favorite.
Hands down, my favorite place at the moment.
I've fallen in love with this place all over again and I'm so happy this place exists downtown.
Come check them out!!

Love love love this place!!
I truly cannot get enough of it.
You can find me here multiple times per week!
I love what the Downtown Project has done to the interior, making if feel like a swanky lounge, yet it also feels like you could kick back and relax.
There are a wide variety of games and activities to be enjoyed inside in addition to the full bar.
The grill is cool, too - they have a veggie sandwich that is absolutely delightful with fresh flavors that truly pop.
A MUST TRY is the Stigl on tap.
It's a grapefruit beer that really tastes like a grapefruit soda - it's perfect for the summertime, yet a little pricey at $9 each.
The outside area is also a treat with giant beer pong, man-sized jenga and a gigantic cornhole set - it's a blast to hang out next to the airstream and listen to a sweet bluegrass band jam.
Man, I love the 'Spike.

No gaming.
No smoking.
No trace of Vegas left in it.
As usual, Downtown Project took a neighborhood staple and ruined it with Tony's San Francisco vision.
We were here on the last night it was a casino, and were disgusted by the flock of Zapponians, all dressed exactly the same (like a cult), playing bad wedding music on the jukebox and having a grand old time celebrating the fact that their Dear Leader was about to put a bunch of people out of a job.
More recently, I literally spent a half-hour attempting to track down ANYONE who wanted to take my money for the Diet Coke I ordered.
A person who values their time would've just walked out (It's 4 cents worth of syrup, for christ's sake), but they've got prominent security everywhere, presumably to keep the old regulars and other characters from the neighborhood out.
We can't have any of those scum in Tony's New Downtown, can we?
For a place backed by a company with an outspoken devotion to "Service," the service here is really atrocious.
Unfortunately, despite all of its flaws, and the fact that I'm basically supporting the Evil Empire destroying downtown by going there, I will probably be back when I get sick of working in my windowless office in The Ogden.
I'll definitely sit at the bar next time, lest they forget about me...again.

This is an amazing hang out spot.
Now that Downtown Project Group has moved in to clear out the gaming, they have turned it into the ultimate lounge.
It is all self contained as well.
With the Grill and bar close by, the guest will never go hungry or thirsty.
Those conveniences leaves me more time to play darts, both kinds of shuffleboard, billiards, the corn hole game, large jenga, board games, or even beer pong in the backyard.
Do you need a place to lounge and red Fifty Shades of Grey?
You are in luck.
The bed, near the bar, has a copy of it and you are more than welcome to get a group of friends to have story time.

I stopped by the other day to meet a friend and I have to say, it's looking pretty good!
It was like stepping into a game room for adults without all the noise.
I like the fact that I did not see any video poker machines anywhere in the hotel.
There were awesome over-sized games everywhere, like a game of Connect Four on the wall.
The decor is pretty fabulous, including a bed, to relax in the middle of the room.
the outside is also fabulous, with a small grassy area and night time live music.
This is not your typical Vegas hotel.
This is going to be a great place to meet up with friends and business associates.

This place is awesome!!
I never have a problem with my food, totally consistent.
Even had a friend who can't have anything gluten, she did the grilled veggies, but had to ask about the vinegrette.
The server and chef were kind enough to check it out!!
Great service, awesome food!
The hot dogs are huge and flavorful, fries to die for, cheesecake i'm in love with.
Can't go wrong with this place!!

This place is freaking awesome.
One stop shop for a guaranteed good night.
I haven't had the opportunity to come here on a weekend night yet but I've come by for a couple of happy hours and it's always a good time!
Cheap drafts, great wells, and solid food.
But the best part are the games and lounging areas!
They have over-sized corn hole, pool tables, outdoor seating, huge bean bag chairs, luxurious couches, huge shuffleboard, life-size connect 4, and during the day it's an open work space!
Seriously, just a fun place to come with friends and/or strangers to have a great night.
I'll be back soon!

Good, cheap food, with a twist.
I liked that most items could be ordered as a wrap or sandwich.
Fries were good.
It wasn't crowded at all and the staff were super nice and fast

Great lunch spot.
Good food.
Great prices.
Breakfast is served all day!
I ordered the Steak and Eggs, which included a 7oz steak, 2 eggs, hashbrowns and toast for $9.99.
The steak was perfectly prepared!
They also have a ton of hot sauces to chose from!
(At least 100) There's something for everyone!

Had a real good time at this adult fun center with two full-size pool tables and a menagerie of assorted games all over with a center bar.
Very roomy atmosphere, a bed in the middle.
Who knows what goes on there?
A fun center for adults.
Cool first date place or place to hang out with your buddies.

Honestly this place is awesome!
We had a blast.
It's a great transition from casino to bar, grill, pool, shuffle board

I think the true upside of this place is that it is FUN!
Giant Jenga, bean bags, connect four ...and to be frank - it is an absolute escape from the loud casino noises.
It simply had an atmosphere that was completely chill.
In Vegas ... there are few choices for an environment that is relaxing ...yet this was just that environment.
I also appreciated the range of ages and ethnicities represented there.
Worth visiting with friends to help with the heavy lifting (in that the Jenga blocks require more than one player...)

Gold Spike isn't what it used to be.
Downtown Project totally gutted the old downtown casino and transformed it into a hipster magnet.
The slot machines, tables, everything is gone.
In its place is now a chill hang out spot complete with cheap drinks, good food and plenty of entertainment.
The lounge areas is what makes a visit to the Spike worth it.
Huge bean bag chairs and comfy couches surround "board" games spread throughout the property.
Giant versions of Connect 4, and Jenga is what everyone raves about.
Overall great atmosphere, total 180 of the old smokey casino that Gold Spike used to be.
Be warned though: more and more people are finding out about GS and its geting packed weekend evenings.

Some friends raved when this business, acquired by Tony Hsieh's Downtown Project, re-opened without the casino but with a bar, large lounge area I guess which is for Downtown Project-bots, and a grill.
The grill is what I was interested in.
My colleague and I went there for lunch.
There were a couple of problems.
I ordered a cheeseburger, my friend a hamburger, both with fries.
It took about 20 minutes to be served, and that's a long time for a greasy spoon type joint to get the food to your table.
Also, my cheeseburger (and the lettuce to go with) was sitting for about five minutes under a heat lamp.
Why it takes longer to cook a hamburger than a cheeseburger, I don't know.
My friend asked for mayo on the side.
The mayo sat under a heat lamp for several minutes.
I asked for the special sauce, which was promoted on the menu but for some reason wasn't on our sandwiches.
The waitron told us there was no "special sauce.
" (Double-checked - it was on the menu, not our burgers, though.
) Also, the menu promoted the Parmesan buns.
There weren't any Parmesan buns that we could discern.
And I also asked for a pickle.
My colleague got a pickle, but I didn't.
I like pickles.
These extraordinary requests sent the diner into some sort of tailspin.
Our waitron was diverted by some complicated stock transactions or some such and couldn't find a pickle, the side of mayo slowly warming under the heat lamps, or the missing special sauce that she says doesn't exist, so I asked another waitron for those items.
Go forward another five minutes, and the replacement waitron delivered a pickle and the side of mayo.
The burgers themselves, cooked medium, were fine, as were the steak fries.
Still, 90 minutes at this place and two screwed up orders - well, one very screwed up order at least - was too much.

Erase whatever preconceived notions you had about the Gold Spike.
I always thought of it as a run down, old casino with a shitty, yet awesome $4.99 steak and egg breakfast.
On Monday night, friends requested that I join them down there and I am extremely grateful I did.
The entire space has been cleaned out and modernly decorated.
I entered a giant man cave.
This is a large, open space with large games everywhere, a back patio, a bar, and a cafe.
It's all non-smoking (which I learned the hard way by lighting up at the bar, but the staff was completely cool about it).
There are several large versions of Connect 4, Shuffleboard, and Bean Bag Toss.
There are several pool tables and a large Jenga game outside.
There is plenty of lounge seating inside and on the back patio.
There is also a little booth were you can borrow board games like Clue, Monopoly, etc.
There are large beds with plush pillows and giant bean bag chairs.
The tables have large books full of art and history.
It's a beautiful and open space.
The best part, all of these games are 100% free.
This place delivers so much fun and happiness.
What a wonderful concept!
Brought to Las Vegas from Zappos.com and the Downtown Project.
The drinks are inexpensive and they offer gluten free and organic bottled beers.
The bar area is the only place in which underage patrons aren't permitted.
Such a great place for those teetering between the 20-21 years of age.
Best of both worlds.
The Gold Spike is a wonderful addition to downtown and offers fun for the whole family without hurting your pocket.
Cannot wait to go back!

How can you not love a place with:   - A Giant Jenga Game -  An  Enormous Connect 4 Game -  A Huge Beer Pong Game (seriously, if the rules applied, you'd die) -  A bed in the middle of the room -  Bean Bag chairs...everywhere (giant ones too)  It's a bar, cafeteria, game zone-- It was crazy fun!!!
...and they have a cooperative co-working environment I plan to check out very soon.
#VegasTech #DowntownProject

FINALLY!
A place where you can hang out grab a beer and not smell secondhand and hear about hitting a royal!
AND ITS DOWNTOWN!
Amazing atmosphere of games and lounging that you wish your backyard and treehouse looked like when you were growing up!
Drink prices are reasonable for downtown and the cafe has a surprisingly fresh menu!

Omg where have I been?!
I have been a long time downtown patron and had no idea this place existed.
Lol, geez.
Thought this place was cool, still don't know if this place is even a hotel or not.
Reminds me of the 3rd floor of Cosmo.
And you know what, it doesn't smell like downtown in here.
It's equipped with a DJ and lots of games to challenge your friends.
I must be faded Because I can't even play tic tac toe.
Lol.
To good times in the heart if downtown!

Go here!
and bring your friends!
this place is amazingly fun.
I've been to Vegas a few times, but I just recently discovered this place on my most recent visit.
When you walk in you are greeted with a much-appreciated whoosh of cold air and the smell of apples (strange, but true, everyone commented on the apple scent).
Inside there are random areas for seating, including a big bed and several huge lovesac bean bag chairs.
Outside there are more seating areas with comfy patio furniture to sit on and watch your friends play giant Jenga or giant beer pong or cornhole.
There is a counter where you can check out board games to play including Operation, Lasers, and Cards Against Humanity.
My only issue is that no one is stationed at the counter and you are supposed to ask your server to bring you a game, but we could never track down a server.... we just ordered drinks from the bar.
They had a live band there that started playing outside at 10 pm.
While I usually love live music, it was a little too loud to still comfortably talk to friends.

I spent about a month and a half in downtown Las Vegas working with the Downtown Project.
Naturally, each and every day was spent at Gold Spike, both in the Grill and Lounge area.
I couldn't say better things.
Both April and Maria are wonderful waitresses.
The food is great and incredibly affordable.
Veggie wrap = a delight.
The grill has a definite different allure than the rest of the place, very retro and diner-y.
I'm not a hot sauce fan, but there's over 100 hot sauces to choose from, which my colleagues loved.
All of the breakfast dishes are awesome as well.
Wifi works great.

This isn't the same Gold Spike as a few months ago...
I'm not going to lie I thought it was the dumbest thing when I heard they were closing the casino and just opening as a bar, I thought "How dare they just waste a gaming license like that" but I gotta say every time i come downtown, I want to come here.
They have a wonderful outdoor area with a giant Jenga, corn hole (both normal and jumbo) and a life sized beer pong which uses a dodge ball and huge trash cans.
Inside they have another big corn hole, shuffle board (both the mini bar version and one that old people play), games you can rent out, darts, Golden Tee, pool and Foosball.
The inside also has a cafe (haven't been), bean bag chairs and other unique sitting areas.
On weekends they have a DJ in the security booth and don't surprised to see Tony Hsish chillin at the bar!
This is a place I try and take everyone, it kinda makes you feel like in college again.
I even took my dad in the early evening and it was quiet just watching SportsCenter at the bar.

Like the atmosphere With the remodel.
Went to see a band on a Friday night very good music.. REALLY REALLY HORRIBLE service inside at the bar two girls that did not have a clue behind the bar..
Very rude and slow 20 minutes for a drink is absurd.
Then when u ask nicely they give u an attitude like its not there problem

I love this place, good food, great place to socialize or sit back with your laptop.
I can't wait to attend a party here.
Classic games, chill atmosphere.
It's hipster nirvana.

A group of us went here my first night in Vegas.
It was a great time and I wish we had something like this where I live.
It's chock full of all kinds of over-sized games.
Inside, there's giant cornhole with what seems like 5 lb beanbags (the first time you throw, you will most certainly come up short, way short), shuffleboard, pool, hop scotch, darts and connect four.
There's also a huge bed and a bunch of giant beanbags for relaxing.
Outside is super chill.
It has sort of an upscale backyard feel to it.
They have a bunch of outdoor seating with live music and even more games which included Jenga, more cornhole and beer pong.
Loved it out there!
The only negative I could come up with is that this place is big, a little too big in my opinion.
Seeing other reviews, I can see why now since it used to be a casino.
I feel like the night I went it had a pretty good amount of people there but since there's just so much space to cover it almost felt kind of empty.
I feel like this environment would benefit in a more intimate space but that's just me.
We still had the best time and I only wish they would've fixed the photo booth for us.
We really wanted to leave with a group shot of all 7 of us crammed in there.

Gold Spike really needs two listings.
One for daytime activities and one for the nightlife.
In the day, it's a blessing for anyone who telecommutes.
Sometimes when you work from home you just need to get out before your house starts feeling like a jail cell.
The free wifi (decent speeds), plenty of outlets and long tables around the bar allow you to spread out and really get some work done.
JAIL BREAK!
In some ways it still feels like my house though.
TV's, good beer, solid tunes and super models.
Fine, I made that last one up.
Added bonus that cafe serves solid food on the cheap and delivers it to your table.
Gold Spike FTW!
At night you can really make use of the outdoor area.
They provide (more) cornhole sets, jumbo Jenga, another bar and often times a band rocking out by a Silver Bullet style trailer.
Def worth a stop next time you're bar hopping downtown.

I had an appointment this morning and decided to go somewhere for breakfast after.
A bit of searching on Yelp helped me decide to go with the Gold Spike Grill.
I've been reading about the changes here since it was purchased by the Downtown Project.
Wow, what a nice place!
What a nice surprise!!
The place is small so I didn't have to search to find the Grill.
It's a bright, almost all white area on the east side of the building.
I opted to sit at the counter.
As I walked through the lobby area, I noticed all the people with their laptops and I soon checked my iPhone for wifi.
Free, fast wifi!
Yes!
The menu isn't very large for breakfast but it's certainly adequate.
As I was looking at the menu, my server, Brittany, brought me coffee and a glass of ice water.
I ordered their 3 egg omelette with any three ingredients you choose from their list.
I got spinach, jalapeño, and cheese.
The omelette comes with hash browns and toast of your choice.
As I was enjoying the wifi and taking photos of the Grill, I noticed the hot sauces that were on the counter.
They have a whole bunch of kinds most of which I've never heard of before.
When my omelette arrived, I chose to put some "Scorned Woman" hot sauce on part of it.
The bottle had a heat level of 8 on it.
I don't know who judges the heat of a hot sauce, but 8 was a bit too high.
But, it was hot and it was a good addition to the omelette.
Service was good and sitting at the counter, one of the cooks looked out after I was eating for awhile and asked how breakfast was.
When I gave him thumbs up, he had a big smile and went back to his work!
This was something I noted from everyone at the Gold Spike.
People had smiles, they were very pleasant, and they were welcoming!
When I left, I spent some time in the "back yard" which would be a great place to bring a drink or sit and spend some time chatting with friends.
There's also an area behind a fence where you can eat outdoors.
Parking is very convenient and free.
Enter from 4th Street between Ogden and Stewart as you head north on 4th.
While the breakfast was nothing exotic, it gets all 5 stars.
This is as good as breakfast gets and the staff is so very pleasant.
Throw in the wifi and you have a great spot!

The boyfriend and I went to meet a large group of friends here to celebrate one of the birthdays in the group.
I wondered what made them choose The Gold Spike, I had been there in the past and it was a decent enough bar, casino lobby but nothing to brag about.
Ha!
They are bragging now!
This place rocks!
Finally a place in town that's not a loud techno dropping, smokey, crowded, expensive hot mess!
LOVED it!
My BF said got your ID ready and I'm thinking why they heck to they need that at the door.
I imagine my eyes where wide open in shock as we stepped through the door.
It's wide open with the bar and the little deli still in tacked but they have removed the slot machines and added random lounge spots with couches, bean bags, large comfy chairs and tall tables as well.
They've added pool tables and over sized games, giant corn hole, yard jenga, giant beer pong, giant connect four and much more!
Outside is an even awesomer, yea I went there, lounge area with more seats and a band and another bar.
I'm sure I missed some of the other features but it was love at first sight.
I love that it was big and there were a lot of people but you wouldn't know, unless you were waiting on drinks at the bar, because you were not bumping into people.
Speaking of the bar, which was busy and pretty slow to get served, I'm not sure pricing, I didn't pay but you could get a pitcher of PBR for $12, not terrible.
There is no smoking inside so you don't go home smelling like an ash tray and have to wash your hair again after you already washed it to go out.
Did I tell you I love this place!
We'll definitely be back soon.

The service is very fast and attentive to everyone's needs.
The menu is varied and everyone, no matter what their dietary restrictions, was able to have a huge meal.
I had the Chili Cheese Dog, and it was huge!
I couldn't even finish the fries that came with it.
That big juicy wiener was so good!
My friend had the prime rib that tasted great, although it did consist of about 30% fat that you couldn't eat.
They were very good about substitutions and were always around for water refills.

One of my top spots downtown when you want to either get some work done during the day (and not have to purchase expensive coffee to sit down), PLUS they have super fast FREE internet so that always makes working better.
At night you can play giant sized games (like giant connect four, beer pong, and jenga).
Check it out!
I can promise you won't be let down.

Reasonably priced with a good diner menu.
We were there on a Saturday night around 9pm and it felt like we were there during a shift change.
The waitress didn't greet us when we arrived and we sat for awhile before I walked up to the cash register to ask for menus.
I had the sliders on Hawaiian rolls and they were overcooked and dry.
We also had a sandwich wrap at the table and that was decent.
I wouldn't recommend this place to be Wow'ed by the food.
Service got better after we finally got our menus.
I'd recommend this place as an alternative to a diner or casual restaurant in a casino.
I like that it's open late and that it's not overpriced.

Your mouth gets treated to amazing import beers and tasty food.
Not the best drink specials but the prices overall are still good.
A lot better than other bars Downtown.
Your hands get treated to a great selection of fun games like oversized darts, oversized corn-hole, and oversized chess.
You can also checkout board games to play with friends or complete strangers.
Your buns get treated to very comfortable seating complete with huge beanbag chairs or even lay down in bed and mingle.
Pretty great place to hang out.
You can do a little work in the daytime with your laptop or do a little work at night with vodka.
Up to you buddy.

So much fun!!!
Like many of the reviews I agree this is like a grown up playground.
Only thing it lacked is 4 square and a tether ball but other than that its got it all.
Service was a little slow but the bar tender apologized immediately and thanked us for our patience.
Decor is fantastic including interconnected handcuffs for the bar chains.
Drinks are averaged price but a better beer selection than many other bars nearby.
Overall I loved it and will be back my next visit to LV!

Had a total make over!
Plenty of space!
In door and out door.
Lots of games!
New favorite place!

3am'ish, nobody to seat us.
A few more minutes we are still standing at the wait to be seated sign.
Still time passes.
Our friend waves down a server, he then points to a just bussed table that has not been reset.
It shall remain that way as I still have a fresh set of utensils from the last table.
We are seated for nearly 15min until we receive menus.
No drink orders taken.
More time passes, then more time.
Then more.
Then our friend gets up walks to the service counter and flags the guy down to take our order.
Waters & food, plus an apology saying it is someone else's section... where is the manager to coordinate the floor?
Then we wait and wait and wait.
Waters come 10 minutes later than the food comes all at once.
Typical bar fare finger food.
Burger fries quesadillas etc.
Nothing to rave about, but the quacamole extra was spoiled.
Chef argued with me.
He claimed it was a fresh premade bag that was dated and he just opened.
Spoiled tastes as spoiled will taste.
Here is the end of the argument, I tasted it before he.
He deemed it good before I did without a lick to his lips.
Apparently his attitude is that labels on boxes and premade product stays good until opened without any check prior to serving it to guests.
Then after this situation of telling me I was wrong he throws up a fresh avocado and says he will make the same batch fresh.
Indeed fresh and a completely different product, but I could have done without the throwing it in my face attitude.
The server pulled no strings nor did anything to placate the situation, basically we were soiled with sporadic and occasional service and a chef who could only read labels and was at best a by the numbers cook who was in dire need of supervision along w his front of the house cohorts.

Went to spend the evening with my daughter and her friends for her birthday- the place looks great,  a lot of fun, oversized games like Jenga and Cornwall.
The outdoor area is set up very nicely with lots of seating available.
the food was good, nothing unique but good bar food.
My only complaint is the service or should I say, the lack of service.
Despite the fact that we had a group of twenty people, we could not get anyone to serve us outside.
We would have ordered more food and drinks but when you wait 45 minutes for a beer it's just not worth the wait.

Such an awesome plae and hidden gem of Las Vegas!!
They have FREE games like shuffleboard, bags/cornhole and giant jenga!
The drinks are reasonable priced!
They have a live band on the weekends most time!
Its a great place to lounge and hang out with friends!
My only complaint is the lack of gambling...if and when this place gets some slot machines or table games Gold Spike is gonna rocking all week long!!!

Don't be fooled by the creepiness of the outside!!
This place is so cute and fun!
Downtown is really coming alive.
Great for locals to enjoy a night out with out the craziness of the strip.
Bar inside and out lots of openness for seating.
Ever want to play shuffle board cruise ship style with out the rocking of the boat, play some giant four square with out having to let kids win or enjoy some giant beer pong well this is your place!!
They even have cool outdoor seating and live bands.
I only didn't give it a 5 because I haven't tried the food yet.
So I guess will just have to keep going back until I remember to try it.

Since its reopening, I has been nothing short of disappointing.
Doucheville USA.
Nothing like vacuous hipsters!
Gone are the days of old Vegas.
Like thanks mr zappos, like, seriously, omg!
I'll be at the huntridge tavern.

Fun place to hang out.
They've got a bunch of oversized games like cornhole, beerpong, and darts.
Prices aren't horrible, but have definitely went up since opening.
Hope they don't turn into another commonwealth, which is way to clubby for downtown.

I'm a fan because of Klinq, and I love the 99 cent beer!
The remodel is OK, but skews way too youthful for my taste.
I had a Chicago dog on a tortilla, which was pretty good.
Had to try it with their hot sauce assortment, but didn't check the numbers on the bottles first.
So a 9 is very hot!
But the hot dog was good, it had lots of peppers & onions.
Love the Airstream in the back.

Cool spot.
"Off the grid" Bring friends.
Cheap drinks.
Cool games - jenga, connect four, shuffle board.
Not that bullshit Vegas strip scene.
They have a "First Friday" crowd every first of the month

Good food, fabulous service IF YOU ARE SERVED BY MARIA.
If not the service is pretty lackluster and might just ruin your experience like it did mine today.

Service was excellent, Mike was our bartender.
The food/menu needs to be worked on.
Ordered the Chicago Hotdog and it fell apart, the hotdog was too large for the bun, messy, the bun should be toasted so that all the juices from the pickles peppers etc don't make it soggy.
The hotdog by itself with the pickles and peppers tasted good.
We will come back but won't order that again.

When I first heard of the Gold Spike, I knew absolutely nothing about it except that it was located downtown.
I imagined this old school smokey casino full of elderly people spending their last pennies in the penny slots, so I was surprised that my friend wanted to go there so badly on Saturday night.
I could not be more incorrect.
The inside is a giant game room with giant sized games that include darts, connect four, corn hole (or bean bags for those of you not from the Midwest), shuffle board, etc.
There is also a bar and what looks like a little restaurant.
Even though it's a giant game room, it still has a swanky feel to it.
Then there's a huge back patio area with more corn hole, a giant Jenga game, and chairs and little fire pits, as well as a stage for bands to play.
It's just such a great and fun atmosphere.
It's relaxing and not at all pretentious.
There's so much to do and the drinks are cheap.
My friends and I were all very excited to have found a new fun spot downtown.
We need more places like this!

Finally a place that celebrates my love of board games!
I love everything about this place... service at the main bar leaves something to be desired...
S.L.O.W., but the work around on that is to just go to another bar.
(Bar near security/DJ Booth isn't full service, but very quick)  This place has so much fun stuff!!!
Shuffleboard (although I'm sad they took out the standing bar shuffleboard game.
I haven't tried playing the floor version, but it looks fun.
Life size Jenga, Large and small Bean bag toss games (cornhole), Life size beer pong..
Seriously giant "red solo cups" fashioned from large trash cans filled with water, using basketballs to make points.
Awesome!
You can check out board games and there's tons of room (couches and chairs) to grab some friends and sit around and play.
There's was a live band playing outside last Saturday.
This place has such a fun vibe.
I didn't really get the the 3D room, but I don't think I'm the target demo for that kind of thing.
There's also an in house cafe.
Decent food for decent prices.
Gold Spike, you are definitely becoming one of my favorite downtown spots!

This place is awesome!
I knew nothing of this place before coming here besides that it was located somewhere downtown.
I also believed they recently remodeled with the help of Zappos!
Inside there is full bar with multiple tvs, a cute little snack shack and a huge lounge area with day beds, trendy bean bags, lounge sofas, the theme of it all is very nice.
What blows this place over the top is all the games!
Life size connect four, life size jenga, sack toss, pool and more!
It was a bit chilly to be outside but they have a beautiful outside patio lounge as well.
Open 24/7!
I definitely will be coming back here with more friends!

This place is a MESS.
So, the concept is great; games everywhere, cool vibe, outdoor area, etc.
Where it fails absolutely is that it turned into a very young 21-ish hipster dump with people screaming like girls, lots of drunken antics (guys throwing other guys over their shoulders, a little sickness on the side) and a staff that has no idea how to control this unwieldy beast.
Let me address first the bar situation.
Sadly understaffed.
Will, the unkempt bartender whose ass crack I saw more than I cared to, was rude, inefficient, dirty looking (I mean, scuzzy) and completely biased toward those he served.
If they don't fire this guy then he's obviously in with the bosses.
Loser.
A girl with a tramp stamp (you can't miss it, it takes up her whole back) behind the bar with her face in the computer for a good solid 20 minutes (that's how long it took us to get a drink and I STILL don't know what she looks like) ignoring everyone at the bar, that she works at, for a living, to do nothing.
Perfect.
Well, that's about it for bartenders on a loud, busy Thursday night.
A bar back that we'd asked to help us get oblivious tramp stamp girl's attention snapped at us like we were filthy animals who'd wandered in for a scrap.
Maybe a little customer service training is in order.
I THINK SO.
On our way outside to the back through the blasting music that was so loud that if you could hear yourself think you would tell yourself to leave, saw a guy passed clean out.
A sonic boom couldn't wake this guy.
Because that's how loud the music was and he was snoring heavily.
Finally make it out to see a bunch of seriously young looking kids screaming about Jenga.
The fabulous band (with a bass player!
) couldn't be heard over the juvenile squeals and blocks crashing of this game that seems fun, but not when you have cool music to listen to.
Priorities are not right here.
We had one great bartender who came over and got us our second drink.
She was sweet and very cool.
I tried to hand her a tip, but she had walked away (??).
I had to call her back.
Pretty sure she's not used to that with this entitled whiny crowd.
Ugh.
I'd die if I had her job.
Or, I'd probably go to jail for back handing some of those kids.
Where were their parents??
Anyway, avoid until this situation fixes itself, it has so much potential.
As of now it's just a joke.
As an aside I'd say to the manangers: if you want to make money it's not by alienating people who have disposable income to spend and allowing the college level brats who make minimum wage to take over.
I'm pretty sure they're costing you as much as you're making, both in keeping the older crowd away and with the serious destruction they looked like they were causing.

This place is SO cool!
I live in Santa Monica, currently known as Silicon Beach, and have worked in the actual Silicon Valley and in San Francisco, yet none of these places, which are teeming with tech employees and entrepreneurs who work remotely, has come around to the brilliant idea of opening a free, welcoming space for those who work remotely to use free wifi, outlets, and plenty of seating in exchange for the use of a full bar and full food menu, with some cool party games thrown in for good measure.
Instead I'm constantly being guilted out of staying in a coffee shop too late or fighting with someone for the ONE outlet in a restaurant.
Why don't more people realize that if you make people comfortable while they're working, they're going to want to stay and spend money?
That's what Drew A and I did when we had a work sesh here on a weekday afternoon - we got beers, some nibbles, had a meeting, then closed things off with a rousing game of giant cornhole.
While we were there a group was using the projector for a screening of an independent documentary.
This is the kind of community centered business that I want to see more of!
From what I hear it gets pretty lively at night... the fact that it stays open late at night is another brilliant aspect of this fun and casual all purpose space.
Please, bring this to California - I'll be forever grateful!

I was excited too finally come downtown check out another part of new downtown.
I  heard about it from friends about Gold Spike lot has changed over and totally different vibe from the crowd too the look.
One that say that FAN of!
I understand talk about diversity in crowds literally 20's, 30;s, and be nice 40++.
It makes for not only good place too people watch but good way reflect on life?
Maybe.
End about drinking, hanging out, enjoying life.
Gold Spike is great spot too do it.
The oversize board games.
I played connect four with group of friends hanging out for birthday celebration.
Only negative thing say is dam not enough yellow disks.
Make sure Red or win early then later.
Other games shuffleboard, bean bag toss, and big fifty shades of gray bed chill on.
Dartboards, and couple nice pool tables.
If bar game looking for sure Gold Spike had them all in regular or oversize fashion.
If the place is packed you might have too wait but for the most part no one hogging the games.
We played made sure let other people get their connect four on.
If games get boring they have dj spinning music inside and outside you have live band playing (we were there for few hours so heard two different bands).
The outside patio area is pretty cool.
I like the set up with small outdoor lounge area in one corner then have couch and comfy chairs kick back hear the band outside.
They have heaters outside too.
Between the inside and outside.
It kind of interesting that almost little sections that see groups just hanging out talking stories and enjoying life.
Gold Spike is good time.
Sure its nice diversity in downtown from maybe more classy downtown bars and has personality all its own.
One that would recommend check out once or make part of any bar crawl downtown style!!

The first time I came here was just to get a quick bite after a late night of hanging out at the Gold Spike.
I ordered the French Toast and was absolutely blown away!
It was a combination of perfect bread and very tasty cinnamon batter.
One of the best parts of this place is the prices.
Most items are under $10 which is awesome because there is nothing I love more than a good value!
I had a burger which was OK, but the steak fries on the side were perfect.
My last visit I re-ordered the French Toast and got two pancakes for $2 on the side.
I was once again surprised with the size of them and how tasty they were.
I asked our server what batter they used because I was blown away.
For the price, I would much rather have a stack of these than at eat.
There is no doubt I will be back and no doubt that I will continue to crave their French Toast!

Came here at 2am after a night out.
Ordered the chicken and waffles.
Everything was great and the server was attentive.

Great bar with everything you could ask for, plus fun over-sized games and good music!
Inside the lounge is fun and inviting, outside the party is always going with fun bands and games.
Great crowd & always a good time.
GREAT for bigger groups, too!

So they took out all their gaming and relaunched themselves as a lounge.
I'm not quite sure what happened to the hotel rooms and what they are used as now.
I came during the evening to check it out.
It was really busy, really loud and lots of dumb drunken antics.
There's a DJ playing and you can play too : shuffleboards, darts, billiards, board games, cornhole, etc.
The plus is there's lots of space and abundant seating and couch beds to lounge on.
There's outdoor areas as well with chairs and lawn games.
If you want something to eat, they have a diner in there.
It's not much quiet since it opens up into the great room where everything is happening.
I'm sure I've missed more than it has to offer since it's a big place and I didn't go exploring more once me and my friends found a table.
I heard it's open during day and is a far different vibe.
It's relaxed and quiet since it can attract the laptop set who need alternate place to work or study.
I think that's more my speed.
I don't know if it's always that crowded, but it was a little too crowded for my taste with some rowdy people.
It was good people watching though.
Where else can I find a hipster in a suit sitting there zoned out with one shoe off?

I agree this place has a great vibe and concept but it is a mess worst service ever such a shame!

My favorite place to work during the week when I want to get out of the office.
They have plenty of spots to plug in and free wifi.
The background music can be challenging if you have conference calls, but that's a mild inconvenience.
In the evening it turns into a great place to watch a football/basketball game, meet friends for a drink or just hang out.
This is an awesome addition to Las Vegas and the downtown vibe.

This is a really strange place.
It's an open lobby area with a bar on one side and a large open area on the other with a bed, bean bags, high table tops and various other low couches.
There are games peppered throughout this open area and young hipsters everywhere.
Never have I seen so many twenty year-olds gathered in one big place like this before!
There's a DJ table with loud music playing but this isn't a place suited for dancing I don't think.
If you are in your 20s you'll probably have a great time here just to hang out or to meet new friends.
I ran into a few very cute and young 20(s) year old guys who stared at me with a way-too-friendly smile.
Sorry little ones but I'm an old lady even if I might not look it.

If I had to sum up this place in one word: Random.
I came here for the first time on a Friday night.
It was a good mix of young and middle-aged, locals and non-locals.
There is so much going on here.
You go in, get a drink from the bar, and partake in whatever floats your boat.
There's live music going on in the backyard, along with some games like life-sized beer pong, corn hole, life-sized Jenga, etc.
Inside you'll find a foosball table, pool, darts, shuffleboard, connect four and many other games that I may have missed.
Boytoy was right when he said this place is like an adult daycare.

I am in love with this place!
I work downtown and walk all over for lunch.
A co-worker told me to check this place out and I can't stop talking about it now.
Dragged another co-worker with me for lunch and was even more impressed.
It's really hard to find lunch for under $10 down here but they have it and it's delicious.
We split the philly and the chicken sandwich, got steak fries and onion stacks.
Very good!
They also have a wall of hotsauces from all over we tried out.
All of this while playing connect four at our table.
Saw lots of people with laptops or just chilling in the lovesacs taking a break.
If you haven't been to the Gold Spike since the renovations, you are missing a gem of downtown.

I have yet to be disappointed with the food our service here.
They've never been busy and the staff is friendly.
Prices are very reasonable and the portions are generous.
The spot is very diner-like.
I've made this a regular spot!

I really wanted to give this place 5 stars.
It has the making of a new epic downtown hangout.
The prices are good in the restaurant and at the bar.
But service is slow and not very professional.
My drink was so strong that I could barely drink it.
But two rounds of drinks and beers rang in at.
37$ and our dinner was 19.98 for two so maybe that's the trade off.
The atmosphere is pretty great,  indoor/outdoor games  both large size and regular size which you can check our for FREE just use your licence to hold the game.
We played corn hole,  life size beer pong and Jenga love that there is finally a place to hang out and you don't have to gamble.
There is no gambling licence here.
All games are free.
My biggest complaint besides service is that it's not maintained well at all,  I feel like this Palace in the next year is going to be a dive.
It's very unfortunate as so much money went into the building and the potential is amazing but if someone doesn't come in a clean up its going to need a new remodel ASAP.
The women's bathrooms could already use it,  the out door patio heaters,  trim, booth seats in the restaurant and general cleanliness.
The downtown grand next.
Door is a great.
Example of a quality simple reno and they maintain the quality.
We will go back,  we did have a great time with great.
Company.
We did like that we could just hang out and it wasn't a club.
The indoor and outdoor options are awesome.
Fire pits out side and a mini "ice rink"  skating is, 10$ I would not bother.
The idea is great but synthetic ice does not make for a very smooth or graceful skate.
Parking is limited but there is free valet next.
Door at Downtown Grand.
Go have fun.

Always a good place to visit when I'm in Vegas.
The place starts getting pack around 11-12 at night on Friday and Saturday.
The vibe is pretty chill and they usually have a Dj playing.
There's always fun games to do with your friends.
The giant beer pong cups, giant jenga, checkers, etc.
There's a lot of beer and drink selections as well.
Not a lot on the tap but a good amount to get your drink on.
Drinks are pretty cheap compared to the other bars in Vegas.

This is by far my favorite hang out in town!
The atmosphere here is amazing no smoking in side no gaming fun and friendly I've meet so many cool people here.
Looking forward to inviting more friends to check it out.

Been to Gold Spike several times last night was the first time we ate there.I've found it had to find Vegan food options in Vegas and was surprised to see several on their menu.
The portabella sandwich was so yummy!
All of my friends that ate as well were super happy with there food.
They also have a huge collection of hot sauces which my man was stoked to try.
Looking forward to eating there again soon!
Thanks Gold Spike Grill

When you think of a lounge, you think of a place with a dancefloor, right?
Not so at Gold Spike.
Board games are the name of the game here, along with a diner, shuffleboard tables, and a wall of hot sauce.
It's different, but that is by no means bad.

This place is a pretty cool place to chill.
They've converted the old casino into a bar/lounge where you can come hang, grab some drinks and play games.
Inside, they have comfy couches, beds and bean bag chairs you can sit/lay on, as well as tables and stools in the bar area.
Drinks here are pretty cheap (most shots and beers were 5-6 bucks), although it gets crowded so you may have to wait a while during the busy evenings.
There's also a restaurant/cafe in the back, where the food is pretty good, although I've only tried it once.
They have darts, foosball, bags/cornhole, giant connect four and pool inside that you can play.
They also have board games that you can check out to play.
The DJ played mostly hip hop and top 40 music.
There is also an outdoor patio area that includes a stage where a live band usually plays on weekend evenings, an ice skating rink for winter and a small bar and snack/concessions area.
The band was pretty good and the sound was excellent for a small set up.
I've been here a few times and have had a great time.
It's a cool place to chill during the evenings or watch sports during a Sunday.

Zappos party HQ.
They've got a great bar, tons of life size games (connect 4, corn hole etc.
) and late night food.
Awesome place to stop by when you're Downtown LV.

This place is like my worst nightmare.
I had an open mind coming here, even though I kinda knew the jist of this place was a lounge/bar with board games.
I hate board games.
In fact, I loathe them.
This was like being stuck on a cruise ship and the only thing to do is board games.
My Jameson & Ginger Ale tasted like toilet water ( I assume it was the ginger ale from the gun) and the bartender was less than friendly.
Not to mention, the parking lot was a joke, literally 30 spaces, maybe.
One way only, so getting in and out was a delight.
I never want to come here again.

Service a little on the slower (and understaffed) side, but other than that, I am a fan.
Great spot to unwind after a day with great happy hour specials and decent food.
I'll be back!

Ok this place is super COOOOL!!!
Fun atmosphere, games, connect 4, pool, hacky sack and outside area WITH AN ICE RINK!!

Ruben has been wanting to check the improved Gold Spike out for a while, but I've been hesitant - what was there to see?
Well, I was wrong!
It turns out I've been to Gold Spike during a Superhero Pub Crawl a couple years ago.
The only thing recognizable now was the bar!
What used to be a casino is now comfortable Love Sacs, modern furniture and decor, a bed, and various games.
It's quite the transformation.
After admiring the area, Ruben and I settled down for a few games of Tic Tac Toe with a large version set on one of the tables.
As we continued to venture, we discovered shuffleboard (deck version), cornhole, billiards, life-size connect four, and more.
We also played a game of connect four, which we really enjoyed!
Another neat feature is an art installation by Miguel Rodriguez.
You peer through curtained slots while sitting at a "bar" and it's neon paint and objects against a black backdrop.
You may also be able to go inside?
The best part of this newly renovated Gold Spike is definitely the "Backyard" as they've coined it.
Complete with synthetic grass, patio furniture, fire pits, additional cornhole games, life-size jenga, life-size beer pong, bullet trailer, and "Cold Spike," their ice skating rink.
Admission is $10 and skate rentals are $5, but I read that this is an all-day price like The Cosmopolitan.
The rink looked nice and it's large compared to the others in town, however, I heard that it's not really ice!
Which makes sense why they haven't shut it down yet and have no plans on closing it for the season until they figure out their next move (the attendant shared that it's possibly being converted into a roller rink).
The furniture was rather dirty, so I didn't take the chance of sitting down, but we really enjoyed a game of life-size jenga!
Make sure you wear shoes or run quickly when it falls!
Overall, really cool place to chill with friends and grab a couple drinks.
The only mood killer was the smell!!
It reeks of bad bathroom freshener that was trying really hard to mask (rather than eliminate) odors, but failed miserably.
It was hard to stay inside for a long period of time and you could still smell it while in the Backyard as well, though not as bad.

Hi Gold Spike.
I'm a native downtowner and your establishment seems to put a bad taste in my mouth every time I set foot in it.
Get your staff in check.
I've eaten at your diner many times since you've reopened.
Never to be acknowledged in order to be seated- and wind up seating myself and my friends at the bar inside the diner after a solid amount of waiting time and attempting eye contact with a server.
Then STILL get no menu.
It's like everyone who works here is overwhelmed- and that's YOUR fault not your employees.
Especially **** over at the bar.
He's in a very bad mood and not really trying hard to hide it.
You suck.
I seriously hate the gold spike ever since you guys took over.
Major Bummer.
Heard you pay the bands well though.
Too bad I don't even want to watch my friends play when you book them because it's such a college frat underemployed hipster nightmare!
Every time All the time!!!!

i love how such a cool and fun spot was built in the space of one of Downtown Vegas' original hotel/casinos.
80's and 90's kids' childhood nostalgia meets vice of current age at Gold Spike.
daybeds, love sac beanbags, and lounge chairs to relax at.
a DJ spinning current and 90's dance hits.
life-size Connect 4, dartboards, pool tables, bean bag toss.
board games and card games you can check out and play with your party back at one of the tabes.
and that's just the inside.
outside, there's a life-size Jenga and life-size beer pong, as well as an ice-skating rink (no idea if it's a permanent fixture or just something for the wintertime).
more patio furniture, firepits, and heatlamps.
even a band that plays live music.
the crowd is great here.
the drinks are delicious, and you don't have to fight through a mass of people just go get an order in.
you can forget (and enjoy) that you're not at one of the night clubs which are filled to capacity with all the bachelor/bachelorette parties or the 21st birthday celebrants or the young and crazy college kids that don't know how to hold their alcohol.
you don't have to get on some sort of guestlist where the guy-girl ratio has to be a certain way.
you're not waiting in line for hours or paying an exorbitant cover charge.
you're not restricted to a small portion of the club's total space because you want to dance to some grooves.
the Downtown Vegas revival looks bright with attractions like Gold Spike, the Container Park, Insert Coin(s), etc.
-civilities.

I meannnnnn.
Anyone who knows me knows this is my favorite spot in DTLV.
Love the decor (couches + beds + bean bags), the space (it a converted hotel lobby), the price of drinks (sangria, well drinks), the music (both inside and out), the crowd, and the games (everything from life-size jenga to shuffleboard to cornhole)!
You can literally bring anyone here and everyone will find something to like about it.
We even got hooked up with coffee on a cold night @ the Diner!
Used to be a hidden gem, but now becoming pretty popular.
Still love it.

Fun place with lots of indoor and outdoor space!
Pros: tons of fun games (giant beer pong, cornhole, giant jenga, darts), indoor space is very open, heat lamps and fire pits all over outside so it stays pretty warm even when it's cool out, live band outside, indoor and outdoor bars  Cons: there were 2 dart boards inside but there was only 1 set of darts, outdoor area gets pretty crowded, this place is pretty large but there's only 4 girls bathrooms and the door was missing on one so the line gets loooong   If you're in the downtown area, this place is definitely worth checking out.

Wow Tater!
One of the best mixologist down town!!
If you're down town you have to stop by,  you won't be disappointed!
Perfect Atmosphere, great food and service!

Most memorable stop of the night.
I love how there is no gambling just drinking, music, games, and super cool places to chill.
They also have an outdoor area with fire pits to relax with friends or listen to a band play.
GOOD TIMES

I woulda never expected a place like this in Sin City.
In fact, if it weren't for a friend we wouldn't of known of this place.
Super relax, place is similar to a lounge.
Open area, large bar, ice rink (say waaaa'?
), fire pits throughout the back area, life size Janga... Man, I can really dig this place.
Gold Spike also has their own parking lot so that's a plus.
I know where I'll be next time I visit.

This was a really fun place!!
I think that it is awesome that something like this is in Las Vegas.
Instead of a casino, this has been completely re-done into a fun lounge/playhouse for adults.
There are so many fun things here- Life sized Connect Four, huge beanbag toss, shuffleboard on the inside.
Lots of beanbag chairs and seating areas are pretty plentiful.
There's no waitress service, but there is a big bar and a few mini-bars around.
The main bar is pretty busy, but the bartenders move quickly, so there wasn't too much of a wait.
The best thing about this place is outside!
I think that it is called "The Backyard.
" I really wish that it hadn't been so chilly, because I would have loved to explore it more.
I saw life-sized Jenga, more beanbag throws, beer pong, playhouses, a skating rink and a guy singing with a guitar!
They had space heaters around, but it just wasn't enough to combat the chill for me.
There were lots of people out there, but I am a punk when it comes to the cold!
There was also a DJ spinning some pretty fun songs.
I love to dance, but I didn't see many people doing it.
Maybe later in the night, there's more dancing?
It would be great if so!
I know that there are other rooms/areas that we didn't get to see.
I can't wait to come back when the weather is warmer!

Note: this review is based on my experience before the casino was closed, so it may no longer be of relevance.
I stayed at Gold Spike with my parents and two of Dad's business partners when we went to Las Vegas in 2012 for the CES.
The five of us spent a total of four nights here, so I have a pretty good idea of the quality of this place.
We picked this hotel because it had relatively low nightly rates.
As an added bonus, it was within walking distance of the Fremont Street Experience.
The first thing I noticed was that the neighborhood was kind of ghetto; there were lots of people smoking outside, and my father and I were accosted by an aggressive panhandler one morning.
However, the hotel itself wasn't that bad; there are usually a few security guards in the casino area at any one time, so don't expect any major problems.
Another thing was that the hotel's Wi-Fi totally sucked.
It only worked about half of the time, and the connection was very slow when it did.
This normally wouldn't be a problem, but it did prove to be a bit of an inconvenience as we were mainly here for business reasons.
The casino area shares the first floor with a bar and the hotel's in-house restaurant.
Unlike at many other casinos, the blackjack games are not available until the evening.
I'm not a huge fan of card games, but people who do enjoy them may find this to be a turn-off.
On the other hand, the blackjack dealers were really attractive, and it was fun chatting with them.
Despite its few shortcomings, Gold Spike is quite nice for an off-Strip hotel.
I overall recommend this place.
-- TL;DR version --  Highs: Low nightly rates; located conveniently close to the Fremont Street Experience; the card dealers are smokin' hot Lows: Blackjack available only in the evening; the Wi-Fi needs improvement Bottom line: Despite being located in a seedy area, Gold Spike is a fairly welcoming place.
Final verdict: 3.8 stars (rounded up to four)

I walked in here with no idea as to what it was and what it looked like except that it was renovated from a hotel and there are apparently life-sized games.
My first impression was that Gold Spike is HUGE!
There is so much space and plenty of room to walk around, mostly because it was a Wednesday night.
We literally just walked in and explored.
There's shuffleboard, this ball-tossy game thing (multiple stations), foosball, life-sized connect for, life-sized jenga outside, darts, 2 pool tables, and a little ice skating rink outside as well.
There's also a random room with neon everything and a blacklight that makes everything glow.
I don't really understand the point of that but it was fun to look at with 3D glasses none-the-less.
The drinks are so affordable compared to most other places and since it wasn't busy, we didn't have to wait.
I imagine it would take a while on the weekends, though.
There's a huge cushioned bed near the entrance and several clusters of comfortable seating, including giant beanbags!
My favorite area was probably outside because of the fire pits, life-sized jenga, and random giant golden snake statue.
I can definitely see myself hanging out with friends when it gets warmer out!
Be careful of the jenga though - it has splinters.
Sorry my review is a little unorganized.
This was basically my thought process when I was there all "Ooh look at this!
" "Ooh look at that!
" and "Let's go play outside!
" Gold Spike is basically an adult's Chuck E. Cheese.
There is also a little cafeteria which apparently has good and affordable food, which I haven't tried.
I'll be sure to try it next time!
Apparently, the weekends have a dance floor opened up and some pretty good DJ's so I'll be sure to come check it out then as well.

My friends and I have given this place more than a couples tries...EVERY TIME we have been in the bartender service had been THE worst in the ENTIRE city.
They are all slow.
They ignore you.
They aren't particularly friendly.
We are locals, we go out a lot downtown, we are great patrons.
But this place has disappointed us on service EVERY TIME!
I only give it a second star because of the originality on the back patio and size of the lounge.
The service is SO BAD that I gave to mention it one more time.
We finally will not be back again and will give the other bars downtown our money.

Wow what a fun place to play and let your inner child out with giant Jengo, ice skating, and much more.
Even the grill had good food.
The kale salad is the best I have ever had, the jambalaya had a nice kick and they have good Belgian beer for my beer snob BF.

The food was good.
And the prices were really good for the quality of food.
But the late night service out by the billiards area way awful.
And it took 30 mins for burgers.
And even longer for med rare steak and fried chicken.
And non of our food came at the same time.
Not to mention we were the only people eating a 12 am wed morning.
Then the server decided to split our check in a weird way and we didn't even ask her to split it.
And I hate waiting for water refils, kind of makes me crazy.
Only a 3 for bad service.

As an old time Vegas resident, I've had a very good view of downtowns transformation and Gold Spike is quite possibly one of the most visual representations of that.
I never knew how to describe Gold Spike until one of my friends called it "an adult clubhouse" which is perfect.
When you come to gold spike there's everything to play.
Inside there's a DJ booth, dance floor, bean bags,giant connect four, a pool table, and giant shuffle board.
If that's not enough there's a whole area outside.
While the inside has it's DJ booth, the outside has its stage area where bands play, there's seats for groups, an ice rink(which may or may not be temporary) and GIANT BEER PONG!!!!!
Gold spike is really one of those places that you have to come to and has become sort a meeting grounds for all of downtown.
You never have a bad time and if you are, you go to a different part of the bar and it's a whole new vibe PS: if you ever need a quiet place to hang out during the day, gold spike is very good for that.
I've ridden my bike here before midday and just grabbed a few drinks and just relaxed

Last night was my first time here!
Such a cool, spacious, hip place!
Oversized board games (like Connect Four, Jenga, etc), Trash Pong (aka oversized beer pong!
), and an ice rink!
I like how you can hang out indoor or outdoor!
Great music and our bartender was quick and attentive to our every need!
Wouldn't mind coming here again if we're hanging out downtown!

I've come here about 3 times had had different experiences depending on the night.
(all good, just know what your looking for.
The team is modern, edgy and everything is oversized.
They have a lot of the usual games you would play at a backyard bbq, or dive bar: darts, corn-hole, shuffle-board, beer pong.
but everything is giant sized.
for instance instead of red cups on a table, they use trashcans painted red+ a volleyball instead of a ping-pong ball.
It's really fun and all free.
I ordered food, because I was drunk and hungry, but wasn't that impressed so I would stick with the beer and games.
on tuesday nights, you have people lounging on the giant beanbags studying with the free wifi.
mellow music plays you can do whatever game you want.
Fridays, and saturdays its crammed full of people.
They play club music inside, and have live bands out back in front of a silverbullet camper.
Definitely recommend this place if you don't want to spend a lot of money, but still want to have a good night

Chili cheese dog ranking is a 7 out of 10.
Monica at the counter who helped serve us outside was so nice and kind.
She truly appreciated our business.

I remember when this place was actually rad...now it's turned into a YMCA for the tools of Vegas.
What happened to this gem?

This place is interesting.
From the perspective of an adult that is really a big kid at heart, it's right up my alley.
When you walk in, the atmosphere is super chill.
There is a bar on one side, and pool tales, a sitting section, game rental (games like Clue, Scrabble, etc) in the back, and a giant bed.
Yes, you heard me right, a giant bed, smack dab in the middle of the place.
It's actually quite comfy too, to be honest.
Anywho, there is a wide variety of things to do at the place, ranging from tic-tac-toe, to giant beer pong.
(Beer pong that uses barrels and basketballs.
) Luckily, no beer is in the actual barrels.
Ew.
Anyway, there is a vast variety of things to do there and while you are sober, it can be pretty fun for an hour or two.
I imagine if you were drinking it would be even funner, but the downside is, like everything in the Freemont area, drinks are expensive.
A beer can cost 6 dollars and I don't even want to know what actual liquor costs.
I also went during the middle of the day (around 3:00 p.m.) so there wasn't a large amount of people there.
I imagine it can get pretty packed, but the place is fairly large and has an outdoor area complete with more lounge sofas.
They are also comfortable, just like the bed.
For those of you who want to ice skate, there is also a skating rink there, which is $5 dollars a person.
I can't speak for their cafeteria, since I didn't eat there.

Great atmosphere!
Quick and delicious lunch.
Thursday's are great with Virginia working!

I thought I wrote a review for this place.
But I guess not.
Drinks: Moderately priced.
Well, pricing $$$ is at a downtown price.
Food: I ask the most ridiculous way of cooking my food.
Uhm extra eggs with that burger?
All hot sauces please?
They do it, so tip well.
Entertainment: Games?
OMG Giant Jenga?
Giant beer pong?
live entertainment?
Let's just all hang out here!
Service: The servers and the bartenders seriously become your friends the first food/drink they serve.
They're just THAT friendly.
Parking: Good luck finding parking on the next door lot but if you can't, down the street.

This place is awesome if you're looking for entertainment!
Pool tables, corn bags, shuffle board, darts, comfy seating.
It's bar food with a good set up.
I recommend ypu try it!

Awesome place to hangout, good drinks, music and games, great concept.
The food is horrendous, and that's why it gets 3 stars.
Not a veggie or even a chicken burger option, no paninis, the fried fish sandwich, onion rings and steak fries were all smelly oil soggy and grosse.
This place needs a decent kitchen and a way better menu, should learn a thing or two from Rachel's Kitchen next door.

I love the games and entertainment!
Nothing like enjoying some drinks and playing giant Jenga or corn hole.
Super fun, I recommend this place to anyone like me who likes to drink and do stuff!
Bartenders are friendly, cool atmosphere.
Bathrooms always seem to have issues though.

Always a delicious meal!
Though this is my first review, this is one of dozens of visits here.
Fiancee is enjoying the Steak and Eggs, and he is enjoying them to the fullest!
I have decided on the usual eggs Benedict, which is as perfect as ever!
We are being taken care of by Pinto, one of our favorites, who regrettably is leaving to start at the Boozery tomorrow!
Another exciting moment today was that the owner, Mr. Hsieh, is doing a walkabout with our honorable Senator Harry Reid!
What a fun breakfast adventure!

This just may be one of the coolest bars I've been to here in Vegas.
If you're not feeling like taking your friends to a dive bar and having a night full of deep meaningful conversations, take 'em to Gold Spike.
GS boasts a burger restaurant inside, jenga game which is as tall as myself, giant and regular sized connect four, pool tables, dart boards, shuffle boards, cornhole, giant sized beer pong, a synthetic ice rink, table shuffleboard, and a photo booth.
Along with all of these awesome bar games, GS has a decent beer list with several good brews on tap including one of my personal favs from Brooklyn Brewery.
The beers are reasonably priced from a Freemont standpoint and even on a busy night the bartenders are on their game and serving them fast.
On my last visit I came with a friend who specifically wanted to partake in a cornhole tournament they were putting on that he read about in one of the local magazines.
Upon calling GS to ask if the tournament was still on, he was met with the puzzled voice of one of the bartenders who had to go ask management about it.
The bartender confirmed the tournament was on, so we jetted down there.
$20 for a team of two gets you in and on their playoff bracket.
There were eight teams competing that night and we admirably did our best and got knocked out of the first round.
Afterwards we tried some of the other games around us and pretty much had a blast the entire evening.
One drawback we unfortunately discovered  was the fact that there were only 5 cheap plastic darts in the bar which I suppose were supposed to be split between two dartboards, but we made do anyway.

It was a Vegas Saturday afternoon like any other.
My head was in a fog, my words slow, mouth dry and I was back on the prowl for a little hair of the dog, seeing as it was the only way to set things straight.
As we stumbled into Gold Spike I was pleasantly surprised by the tranquility of the place.
No ringing slots, no flashing lights and barely a soul in the room - a much needed escape from it all.
Drink in hand, we walked around the "playground" built for giants.
Giant Jenga, giant beer pong, giant Connect Four and my favorite of the bunch, giant corn hole.
Seriously, this was exactly what the doctor ordered!
I wasted no time and grabbed some bean bags reminiscent of small bags of potatoes and proceeded to whip some ass while barely breaking a sweat.
Actually, I didn't even break a sweat in the cool comforts of this air conditioned oasis... just drinks and bags, drinks and bags, drinks and bags.
Not a bad Saturday and truly a great place to mix up the Vegas routine a bit.

I have never seen the pre-renovation so I have only seen the post-renovation and WOW!
It is modern, fun, entertaining, clean, relaxing, & that feeling where I am at a big house party.
I loved that they have this huge california king sized bed in the middle of their lounge area.
They had a place where you can sitdown, I loved their games that they have all over the area.
It kind of brought me back to childhood memories, they had hop-scotch, they had connect four, etc.
We went there on a Firday night and wow was it packed!
It was a very mix crowd and they even had a dj playing at his booth.
Great place to hang out!

So much fun.
Defiantly go!

3rd stop of the night was Gold Spike.
I've been here numerous times before.
I always seem to have a good time here.
Sometimes I would just come to eat at the cafe located inside.
And that is exactly what we did last night.
We went straight to the Cafe.
After all the cocktails from the previous bars we visited, we were all quite famished!
I ordered Steak nachos.
It was pretty good.
It had a side of guacamole, mild salsa & sour cream.
The nachos were made up of the usual contents (cheese, pico de gallo, jalapeños, etc).
It's a pretty big portion for me so I couldn't finish it.
Sometimes when I order the nachos some of the chips would come out burnt which is weird.
Most of my friends got the chicken & waffles which is really popular here.
I think they have one of the best waffles I ever had, but again I'm usually a couple cocktails in when I eat it.
The chicken is pretty crispy.
They also have like a hundred different hotsauces to choose from, all labeled with level of hotness.
The place is pretty spacious inside, they have an outdoor as well.
They have giant size games which are really cool & different from other bars downtown.
Only complaint I have is that they need more parking!
Parking is such a struggle!

I've heard so much about this place and I finally made it here lol.
such a fun place!
You will never get bored.
Games, booze and friends...all winners in my book.
Games are super sized too!
After playing bunch of games and drinking.
They have a cafe serving some bomb ass food.
especially, for bar food...it's exceptional.
Go to gold spike, Take a night off from the real world and being grown.
4 stars-

Vegas is an amazing place!
Yet, once in a while you need a little break from those darn money eating slot machines and blood sucking tables.
Gold Spike is a chance to kick back and play some friendly games that doesn't involve losing your ass.
Of course, there is a bar, but its all about the games.
Normal games your used to playing... just giant versions.
Giant Connect Four, Giant Beer Pong, Giant Jenga, and I'm sure there is a few more that we missed.
Our group of 4 spent our time sucking down Vodka sodas and playing a round of Giant Corn Hole.
Had a really good time except some annoying kid kept trying to interrupt our game.
Fuck him.
Also, there was a restaurant we didn't get to try.
But judging by their hot sauce collection, I'm sure they are cooking up something good.

Fun atmosphere!!
Great place to hang out with friends and play some jumbo sized games!

This was such a fun place.
I had friends in town from LA and they loved this spot too!
The outside area features a great lounge spot with live music all night.
There are overgrown games to play out there as well: barrels and a small b-ball for beer pong, large sandbags for giant corn-hole (yeah i said it), even plastic ice-skating for $5!
The interior of the place was pretty chill, low couches/lounge areas, good music and fun people watching.
Drinks were reasonably priced and the vibe was really casual.
Get there early b/c the line gets long quickly.
This place is perfect for large groups of friends looking for soemthing entertaining to do on a budged.
Great spot that will definitely become a new hangout!

Bottom line.... off you want to have a good time... this is definitely the place you  want to be!!!
Prices are not bad for a downtown bar and the life size games are definitely a must have!!
I would definitely recommend everybody to go here!!

I think the Gold Spike is uber swank, I like it here.
It reminds me of the Bay Area.
Had a private tour of the room renovations and an explanation of the "vision" for downtown.
Wait and see I say, Vegas is reinventing herself every chance she gets.
The crowd here is business/professional/casual/hip at least it has been every time I have been in.
Again, reminds me of the Bay.

late night spot to have fun in the DT area.
but the service detracted from the fun.
pros: - fun: pool tables, bean bag toss, etc.
the mood was definitely very festive and fun - roomy: plenty of space to spread out and lounge.
lounge chairs and tables.
i liked the furniture - very mixed crowd - plenty of parties - birthdays, bachelorettes, etc - no cover!
at least i don't remember there being cover  cons: - almost put glass in my eye.
no, seriously.
i was waiting for a drink at the bar, and one of the bartenders was way too rough with the dirty glasses, a glass exploded and shards of glass flew out.
a few pieces flew towards my friend and i, and one hit very very close to my eye.
the further disappointment?
the manager (it seemed like he was the manager) was right there when it happened.
he asked me if i was okay, and that was it.
he didn't really check further than that, and he made no offer to compensate OR APOLOGIZE.
the bartender who actually broke the glass DID step up to the plate and did try to make us our drinks ASAP, but that was it.
is this the type of service i should expect from any bar???
i don't care, i've been to some hole in the wall dive bars, but this was beyond ridiculous.
- who do i need to bang to get a drink????
my friend and i must have waited for a bartender to notice us for nearly 30 mins at the bar.
if glass hadn't flown towards my face, i think i would have had to wait another 20 mins for a bartender to even notice us.
it was total chaos at the bar!
if i wanted to wait this long for a drink, i would have just walked to the nearest liquor store, had a few swigs, and STILL been waiting for a  bartender to get us our drinks.
- bathrooms were a mess.
i'll admit it, drunk girls are slobs.
this was pretty nasty.
and with only a handful of stalls, OF COURSE, there was a line.
would i come again?
no.

Awesome idea for a bar with giant games we used to play as kids!
It's a fun change from all the slot machines and roulette tables.
Friendly staff with happy attitudes that add to the experience.
Saturday nights are my favorite days to go - Live music!
Sometimes they have bands from Hawaii, which really brings out the nostalgia for those who now call the "9th Island" home.
The food and prices are pretty descent considering it's bar food.
The only con to this place is that they have a tiny parking lot and limited street parking.
But the fact that they even have a FREE parking lot is a plus!
If you can't find parking here, you can always park at a nearby casino.
If you wanna have fun in a chill environment, this is the place.
I'm definitely taking my friends here when they come to town!

cool bar , lots of games, kindve too pricey drinks for being so close to the strip.
terrible bartenders....the girl who books all the DJ's and bands is a huge asshole who stiffs them from time to time, so if you're an artist of any type, i urge you to boycott this place.

Awesome place, trendy, cool, quite, great food, over 100 hot sauces, great music, tvs, darts, free wifi, and all for a very good price.

Ok so we came in for a late night business meeting...
It's loud but business is getting done...
Sitting in cafe waiting on food ...we ordered hamburgers, hotdogs, and Tuna sandwiches...  Kinda nice while we were waiting I went to the bar and got tequila shots...
Enjoyed them while waiting for food...

My wife and I found this place the last time we were in Las Vegas and thought it was pretty interesting .
Nice outdoor seating and fun oversize games.Decent food .
This time we returned with a large group of people to share this experience with .
There were about 8 of us and I entered first no problem .
A few more entered no problem .I looked back and noticed a commotion at the door with a few remaining friends .
I returned to see what it was all about .
I was informed that they needed ID to get in .Being all in out late forties this seemed kind of odd and also no one else was asked for ID when they entered.After some heated discussion with the doorman  we were told this was a rule and he would get the Manger .
As I am standing by the doorman a little guy looking like  Ceasar Milan  "bar whisperer " comes out and whispers in the doorman's ear .
" which ones forgot their ID ?
"The doorman motions to my two friends and he proceeds to explain this is  a law and he has to follow it .I ask him why no one else in our party was asked .
No real explanation was given .
He says there are metro police in the back and I could talk to them to get the OK .
I was more than willing to talk to them .
I press him for the OK to talk with "metro"he ignores my questions ,and eventually storms off in a little fit   .Not sure why they seem to pick and choose who they let in as it was quite empty .I had heard that Zappos rents all the rooms and it is just locals who hang out their .
We were really looking forward to having a few drinks here ,but after this treatment  I will never return  .
For a better better choice Check out the Golden Nugget for nice poolside lounge seating and lots free of live music at the front bar .

There no argument that i LOVE the Gold Spike.
I've stayed here when the hotel was open and the rooms were modern and comfortable.
Now that the hotel section is closed they removed the casino and turned the place into a "hang out" .
Its a big living room with chairs, counches, beds, games, drinks and food!!
Where else in Vegas can you come just to "hang out".....dare i mention the ice rink for skating

Everyone was super friendly.
I went on a Sunday around 2pm it was super chill until a group of like 20 people came in screaming.
Try the bloody mary!
It was the best one I've ever had.
The bartender said he made it from scratch not sure if that was true but it was still awesome.

I love hanging out here... Great atmosphere.
Very different from the normal vegas feel.
The drinks are good, the bartenders are friendly.

Don't ask for darts!!!
I want to first say that I have had many positive experiences at the Gold Spike in the past, but last Saturday night was not one of them.
My wife and a friend of ours head in to have a drink and play some darts.
We noticed someone is already playing at one of the boards so we go to the bartender to ask for darts for us.
She tells me that she has no more darts.
I ask her if some got lost or if there were any more in the back possibly.
She then tells me that I need to understand that darts get lost and there is nothing she can do about it and that I need to quit asking.
At this point I'm completely shocked and say to her, "I'm not just some drunk tourist I really don't appreciate your attitude.
" Her exact words back to me were, "You're about to become a drunk tourist and you can get out of here if you don't like it.
"  Now, I can understand completely that Saturday nights are busy but to give someone attitude and tell them to leave simply because they were asking for darts?
By the way the bartender's name was Heather.
If you're at Gold Spike and Heather is behind the bar taking your drink order I would think twice before assuming her service will be friendly!

Just went to the grill here and our presence wasn't even acknowledged.
They weren't even busy.
We walked up the hostess said have a seat-didn't offer any menus or a warm welcome.
And after sitting for about 5 minutes w/out being serviced we decided maybe sitting at the counter may be a better option.
We sat down and again there were at least 2 servers and a busser still no hello or a menu.
Made eye contact with the cooks-still nothing.
So after about another 7 minutes we decided to leave.
How hard is it to greet someone and you WORK IN THE SERVICE INDUSTRY?
Just flat out rude.
I went there b/c I was in the area and the yelp reviews.
Never again!

Overpriced food.
They were out of a lot of common items like cheese.
Blamed it on being busy it was Saturday night/Sunday morning after all.
Took them like 5 minutes to find us some menus.
I would  never go again on a weekend.
Noise level basically the same as a school cafeteria and the food tasted like it was from a school cafeteria as well in others words really loud obnoxious partiers and school cafeteria food with subpar service with a frown.
The rest of the place is  cool if you just want a drink.
And maybe a quick game of the many games available (see pics and other reviews).
The backyard can be cozy with the fire burning when the weather is cool.
That is all good.
The cafeteria brings this place down.
Bar great, food bad.
Pass on this place and hit up Magnolias inside the 4 Queens instead which also offers 24 hour dining.
Then maybe come back for a drink and a game of Jenga.

Everytime I come here I have an absolute blast!
Heather and Fred are by far the best bartenders.
Always ask for one of them they'll make your experience at Gold Spike unforgettable and fun!
Heather has the greatest sense of humor she'll make sure you leave smiling and happy

This is a fun spot.
The drinks are fairly priced ($6-8 for wells), there's lot of room, there's games, the music is usually good (inside and outside), there's a food truck, there's plastic skating, and no cover.
It gets pretty crowded after 11pm on weekends.

*THIS REVIEW IS ABOUT THE RESTAURANT IN GOLDSPIKE ONLY*  I wish i could give this bitch ZERO stars isthmus all she deserves with those ugly AF eyebrows and stupid pierced dimples.
We went inside for something to eat.
NO ONE else was in there(now we know why).
Ask the bitch if they're open "yeah", asked to see a menu "NOPE!
"*turns and walks away*.
THE FAK?!
Grabbed a menu anyway and sat.
Took the order very rudely making it obvious she doesn't give a rats ass about us.
Then when she was FINALLY coming with the food, she stopped food in hand and started talking to the cook right in front of our table.
Like HELLO gimme my food first.
After that- NOTHING.
No service.
When we got the check we left her a couple cents in hopes that she will hopefully get some two cents about the service industry.
Sorry hun, maybe you should be a trash lady, at least itll Match your trash attitude.
NEVER AGAIN.
I'll skip this any time I'm back in Vegas and i definitely don't  recommend anyone take the chance.

Awesome music, they had a band outside and a dj inside.
Drinks are cheap.
They have a food truck, games, and an ice rink.
Some dude fought a girl there last night, so that's one of my only complaints.
And the bathroom was packed and gross by the end of the night.

Loved this place!
I actually came here two nights in a row!
Fun games, great chill vibe, good food & drinks!
I come here every time I'm in Vegas & just want to do something off the strip.

Had a lot of cool things there music is great just somewhat a younger crowd.
We're going to try a different night.

This place is so great I'm planning a wedding rehearsal dinner here.
Ask for Joe, he's the man!

This is a great place to hang out, have some drinks and play games.
It is hit and miss as to how crowded it will be, but for adults looking for some good music, good drinks, lots of entertainment, this is the place to go.
This was our 3rd visit to Gold Spike and each time we have had a great time and have never been disappointed.
If you are down on Fremont, stop in, toss a bean bag or go outside and play some Jenga.
The only way you will not have fun is if you don't allow yourself to...

The old Gold Spike is actually where my wife and I got married.
This place goes back like four flats on a Cadillac becoming a staple of downtown.
After being bought out by Zappo's and completely redoing the main floor; what a change of pace.
And an establishment without gaming machines?
Not the norm when it comes to Vegas but definitely a nice little change.
They now have TONS of games for your entertaining pleasure from oversized Corn-Hole to oversized Jenga, Connect Four and Beer Pong.
There's darts, shuffle board, board games and even a trippy blacklight room with tons of designs and stuff.
The drink prices don't break the bank and the eats are half decent.
Don't go there looking for a steak or lobster but if you're in the mood for wings or a burger to help soak up the alcohol they will get the job done.
I think the key here is that here you have the ability to just play some games and have fun hanging out with your buds.
The outdoor patio area is a great place to meet up w/ your friends and unwind.
There's PLENTY of seating to go around.
They also have mobile heaters for when it's colder out and sometimes they have a bar outside in the patio area too.
Smoking is reserved for the outdoor patio area only but is nothing we're upset with being we're ex-smokers lol All in all we ALWAYS have a blast when we stop in at the Gold Spike!

