Recently opened and I have been there three times.
I eat a lot of Mexican fast food and Tacos la Lomita is one of the better fast food type sit down locations.

Love the taco's de lengua and cabeza.
The vampiros are really good too.
A little pricey but the food is very good.

3.5 Stars  I came to Tacos La Lomita based on another Yelpers experience an am glad I gave them a chance!
I've been driving by this place for sometime and always told myself "self you need to try that place"!
When the family and I went to one of our regular Mexican restaurants for lunch and could not find seating we came here.
For my non-Spanish speaking Yelpers, don't be intimidated to stop by.
It is pretty authentic as far as it's appearance both inside and out.
If you speak Spanish even just a little it's your chance to get some practice in when ordering or they will also take your order in English too.
Since this was my first time I can only speak on the few items my family and I had.
The chorizo, egg and potato burrito has a good flavor to it.
The rolled taquitos supreme has a hefty layer of carne asada on top of them, this was a first for us but very tasty.
Finally I had the carne asada plate that has a good amount of flank steak with grilled onions(Yum), rice, beans (both rice and beans are pretty standard), very good tasting guacamole and homemade tortillas all that I enjoyed.
Their salsa bar only has a red and green salsa, I personally liked the red better.
It was spicy where the green was on the tangy side.
The salsa bar also has your standard carrots and jalapeños along with limes and cucumbers.
The prices here are very fair to cheap and will  definitely be back to try more items on their menu.

Gave it the true taco test of my three top favorite tacos.
Tripas bland and soggy.
Cabeza not as tender as others.
Al pastor pretty good but pine apple was not in there.
Tacos should cost half of what they are priced at here.

Best and most amazing place to eat.
Any time any day.
Specially on their breakfast burritos Monday-Friday $2.99 (7am to 11am) regular price $4.99 to $5.99 & great variety on them also.

