I have been a consistent customer of Everything Bagels since they opened this location stopping in 2-3 times a week for a bage in the a.m.
Overall they have been great however today I was shocked by a poor customer service/deceptive pricing tactic they used on me.
If you order the egg, bagel and cream cheese plate for $4.25 they ask you what type of bagel and what type of cream cheese you want.
I aksed for the lox cream cheese.
Instead of putting the cream cheese on the toasted bagel they filled this 1/4 lb tub container (way too much for a single bagel) with the stuff and then charged me an additional $2.25 for the cream cheese.
Their explanation was lox cream cheese is a specialty item and they have to charge more...  however it seems odd to me that a) cream cheese is included in the price and they would not charge me extra for the regular cream cheese they smear on so why is it they have to charge for a 1/4 tub of specialty cream cheese and b) the difference between $2.25 and $1.50 ( for a 1/4 lb tub of regular cream cheese) is $0.75 cents so why are they just not charging me that difference.
Neither the clerk or the manager had good answers just that was what the charge was...  Dunno if I will be back as I do feel ripped off.
Its too bad becuase I really liked their bagels.
So be pre-warned!!
If you order any specialty cream cheese they wont tell you upfront about the increased charge!!

Decided to try this place today and won't be back.
Poor guy behind the counter had to handle the register and prepare the food, while another guy counted the tip jar on the side instead of helping get the line down.
I was the third person in line and waited over 15 minutes to get a bagel.
The guy ahead of me order a burrito and it took them over 5 minutes to cook the eggs, then the burrito ended up on fire.
The man asked for his money back and left upset.
They didn't have lids out that fit their cups, and the veggie cream cheese only had green onions in it.
Not impressed.

Just walked in to grab a few bagels.
There were two people working.
One guy who knows what he was doing the other lady was prepping a bagel.
There was one other Patron so it wasn't busy by any means.
The lady prepping the bagel didn't even acknowledge us as we stood there for 5 mins just on the other side of the counter.
Good customer service tip.
Say hi and you will be right with you.
We got nothing and left.
We will never be back.
She didn't even make eye contact!

They boil and bake the bagels just like they do in New York and I'm somewhat of a bagel expert/fanantic being from the Big Apple.
The bagels are good and taste authentic and a bagel and any cream cheese is about $2.50, which these days, anything under $3 is a good deal.
Individually though, the bagels cost $1.10 each and there is almost no discount when you buy 6 at $6.
Throw in some quantity discounts and this would rival my other favorite bagel shop in Scottsdale.
Oh and using a bagel slicer is so Scottsdalish.

I don't consider myself a bagel snob, but growing up on in NY i can appreciate a great bagel - and this place has them by the dozen.
Everything bagels hits both of my "MUSTS" for places that purport to be authentic bagel places.
First, you must boil bagels - any other method results in a circle of bread, not a bagel.
This place has their technique down.
Their bagels are perfect, either fresh or toasted.
you can tell an authentic boiled bagel by the crust, which is typically hard, while the inside is dense and yet still soft.
Second, salt bagels.
whether you love them or hate them, they are a staple of an authentic bagel place.
The salt bagel is the staple of the true bagel bakery.
The next time you find yourself in one of those chain bagels stores, ask if they have salt bagels... bet you won't find them.
Not a gourmet "pretzel" bagel, just a bagel with kosher or rock salt on the outside.
A basic bagel with plain cream cheese is under $3, and if you want a gourmet bagel, or any number of great add-ons, it's only a little more.
All of it well worth the price.
I've been coming here since they opened in the spring of 2013, and i've only be completely satisfied with their food and pricing.
If you want a true bagel, this is the place for you.

Bagels got smaller after they fired the original baker, quality is still good, but the counter staff is either super helpful, or completely rude and oblivious.
Also, it seems they are having a hard time keeping stocked with bagels they should have plenty of - like everything, plain, and pumpernickel.
I'm no restaurant expert, and I generally do like their bagels, but if they keep this up, I don't see them lasting too much longer - especially at their current price point.
I hope I'm wrong.

It's about that time the Valley had more than one place that makes good bagels.
Everything Bagels makes bagels they way they should be made, boiled and baked, not grilled.
That makes them come out with a great tasting exterior and a chewy inside that tastes like a good bagel should taste.
If you've never had a good bagel prepare to be amazed because these are not the lousy ones you find at the grocery store or Einstein's.
So if you're a fan of good bagels and Chompies is out of the way, you should know that you have another option now in Everything Bagels.
Check it out!

Pretty disappointed in this place.
Just moved to the area, stopped here hoping to find a decent bagel place.
Ordered a blueberry bagel with cream cheese and a breakfast sandwich...
Waited 10 minutes and had to go back up to the counter.
They had to ask me if I had ordered yet and then when I said yes they had to ask me what I ordered..
They finally started making our order after all of this.
Worst part of it is they weren't even busy .
Like i said..
Pretty disappointed

Service and variety still spotty and extremely inconsistent.
However, bagels still best in old town scottsdale.
Prepare for hassles and a great bagel, if they have the variety you want...
It's like a true NY experience!

The service is spotty.
I went in just to get a asiago bagel breakfast sandwich.
I walked in and over half of there bagels aren't stocked.
No muffins stocked .
The people working didn't know what they were doing .
Which is disappointing, but on the bright side , the bagel was delicious.
I might stop in again, to see if the service is any better.

Best bagel sandwich in Oldtown Scottsdale  for the price.
This is a great quick and easy breakfast spot.
Don't understand the mediocre reviews.
Definitely recommend

Bagels still good, but general manager is a moron.
Last time I wandered in about 2pm, they had six bagels for $2,,50 that they normally would just throw away.
Nice dude at counter says he can mix up all the bagels (they were already bagged in six) and give me whatever variety I desired.
Walked in today and requested the same treatment, but GM with scruffy beard nearly had a cow saying he doesn't normally do this and look what my employee has to go through with all this re-bagging.
If that idiot would just mind his own business and not butt into what was already happening, none of my hostility would have came out.
I know that jock strap is off on weekends, so that is when I will be back.

Service was not good super slow.. not much cream cheese added.
Bagels are ok but super small size some look bigger than others.
There special cream cheese is nothing special.
$3 gets you a mini bagel with lite spread of cream cheese.
The place shares a space with a sandwich shop.
If your looking for a good bagel skip this spot.

This place has really good bagels and good service.
They always add extra cream cheese for me which I love.
I liked that I could just get in and get out in no time, but there are seating areas if you wish to sit.
My number one choice for on the run bagels!

