Anthony is an awesome stylist that is excellent at both traditional and contemporary styles.
Both my wife and I have been with him for years and wouldn't use anyone else unless he moved away.
His shop is well located, neat and clean with some fancy trinkets for sale that appeal to my wife.
He previously worked at Dre's Salon in Scottsdale and we followed him to his new salon in Chandler.
Give him a try you and your hair won't regret it.

I started going to Strut a couple of months ago to get my hair cut by Anthony.
He is awesome!
Since going to him I have had so many compliments on my hair.
The salon looks so cool too!
I would 110% recommend people to go to Strut and get their hair done by Anthony; in fact I have every time I get a compliment on my hair I tell them to go see Anthony.
Strut aslo carries great hair products.
Anthony really took the time to make sure the products he carries at Strut are the best for the value!
If you are looking for a new stylist, or even if you aren't looking for one I would suggest you go see Anthony and Strut!
Well worth it!

I was introduced to Anthony through a groupon over a year and a half ago.
I have had such a good experience with him that I still go to him even though he moved to his own salon over 40 minutes from where I live.
He is great with both color and cuts.
Ever since I started to go to Anthony, I get compliments on my hair color all of the time.
He is very attentive to his customer's needs and makes sure they are completely happy when they walk out the door.
If you are looking for a young stylist who has great ideas and does an awesome job, call Anthony!

The absolute best!!
Anthony has been working miracles on my hair for nearly 2 years and I am thrilled every time I leave the salon!
And it's not just his fabulous talent with my hair that keeps me coming back!
More than that it is his wonderful customer service!!
Always polite and professional but also so personable and funny!!
I leave the salon feeling like I just had a visit with a friend.
I can't recommend STRUT Salon enough!

This is a true spa experience without the true spa prices.
The salon is private so you don't feel like you are on display.
Anthony is a perfectionist with his clients and makes sure that you look like a million bucks before you leave.
He schedules his time so that you never feel like you are being rushed out the door.
He also offers a boutique of professional styling tools to make sure Strut is your one stop shop!
I have been going to Anthony for over three years now and wouldn't recommend anyone else to my family or friends.

Omgosh!
Got off work early and thought I finally schedule a Hair Appt.
Found STRUT on Yelp and Anthony seen me right away.
His Service is Amazing and have Already booked a follow up appt for touch ups  His patience, Service, Knowledge and Experience is 2 thumbs up  I highly recommend to give Anthony a call and you will not regret it.
I love my Hair

I am so happy with my hair!
I went in with an awful color that I hated, it was a mess.
Anthony took the time to listen to what I wanted and let me know what would work with my hair.
It turned out better that I could have hoped for!
On top of that he fixed a bad haircut that I had just gotten two weeks ago.
He is seriously such a miracle worker!
I am moving to Houston soon but will definitely see Anthony before I leave!

I recently moved from TN to AZ and was incredibly nervous to find a new hair salon -- I had been going to the same guy for almost 10 years in TN!
Luckily, I found Anthony at STRUT Salon!
I have naturally unruly, curly hair that I straighten everyday, so Anthony not only gave me a cut that works perfectly for my hair, but also taught me tricks about how to manage it, what type of brush to use, etc.
At his recommendation, I also had him do a Keratin Treatment, and a month later, I'm still SO happy with the result!
I'll be going to Anthony for as long as I live in AZ and would recommend his services to anyone.

I have been going to Anthony for a few years and I just love my hair!
I used to go to a salon in Newport Beach and my hair looked like crap.
I thought i just had 'bad hair' until I went to Anthony-- he is a true artist with regards to cut and color-- my hair has never looked better and I get compliments almost daily!
When he said he was moving to Arizona i was so bummed but luckily he flies out to Orange County once a month for 3 days to give his regular clients our 'fix'!
Go to Anthony-- you will be so happy that you did!

Love my new hair color, Thank you Anthony for taking your time and the care of my hair, I Finally found someone to trust my Locks too!

Anthony is great and a super personable person!
He listens and makes sure he knows your boundaries before cutting which is important to freakoids with unnecessarily long hair like me :) He works so effortlessly and really knows what he is doing.
I like that he showed me some techniques for how to style my hair at home.
I will definitely be trying out a color change with Anthony in future!
Try him out ladies!

Anthony did an amazing job!
He fixed up my hair after I damaged it pretty bad, it looks so awesome now!
I highly recommend seeing him!
This is definitely one of the best haircuts I've ever gotten.

