I am not very good at writing reviews so please bear with me haha.
I will continue coming to this place for all my vape needs.
Good prices and good customer service.
The no tax is a cool perk.
SO many juice selections from their own inventory and many other premium selections.
I can tell the guy mixing the juices an idea of what I want and he will get it all set up.
I will recommend this shop to any of my buddies looking for a vape shop.

Good prices and selection  with a convenient location (for me at least)!
Will definitely be going back.

Best vape shop in the valley 7 bucks for a 30ml and they custom make it.
Staff is very knowledgeable.

I don't know where to start, everything was extraordinary especially the service.
They have a great selection of high-quality clone mods and some high-end mods too with a variety of atomizers rda/rba and tanks/cartomizers .
Another great quality is they have 4 national "premium" brands of e juice and their handcrafted juice is very good quality plus they have a menu book with all the flavors for you to create your own specialty flavor they will also give you the VG /PG blend you request.
I want to thank the owner for the upgrade to my HCIGAR Hades mod (now do you know who I am?
) Lol  I live approximately 100 miles one way from this shop and I will be more than happy to drive that distance for the superior service and way above average they have created.
PS don't forget your Prescott store you already have 2 willing people to assist you in that endeavor!

I have never had a better experince in a vape store.
The crew is outrageously friendly, knoweledgeable, and generous in sharing their time and talent.
No pressures, just a mindset and mentality to serve folks who come in with lots of hospitality and humor.
BTW::::They don't charge sales tax!

This shop is nothing short of amazing.
The staff is friendly and knowledgable, the prices and the quality of the products they sell are great.
But the custom juice bar is where my heart lies.
Oh that wall of flavors, it brings a small tear of joy to the outer corner of my right eye just typing about it.
The possibilities are essentially endless, and at $8.00 for 30ml of CUSTOM juice, this place is absolutely unbeatable.

I've been to 3 other vape shops in the area, by far this is the best.
Lucky for me, it's also the closest.
Staff is friendly, and knowledgable.
Just in the few times I've been in there I've seen them help the newb get started and then talk sub ohms, mechs, and coil builds with the more experienced.
Prices are ok. Equipment I've bought here can probably be found cheaper online, but I've always been one to try to keep my money local.
Minimal savings online aren't worth missing an opportunity to invest locally.
Not a huge selection, but enough to cover anyone walking in the door.
Now on to the juice.
They dont make it 'til you order it.
Pick your flavor(s), pg/vg mix, nic level, and size.
Truely endless possibilities.
And at a price nearly half that of the premixed fare (which they have too), Red Star can't be beat.
Great shop, good people.
If you vape or are thinking about trying it out, go seeing Red Star Vapor!

The shop alone is amazing.
The products are great, great prices on mods and juices.
The only reason I put 2 star's is because the girl karen is horrible.
She's pushy and bosses the other employees around like there idiots.
She doesn't let you choose the flavors that you want, and tries to make you get the flavors that she wants to give you.
I have had to return to the store on numerous occasions to get my juices right and to my demise, she happens to bust in, push aside the nice guys that work there, and appear at the counter to "assist" me when she should really stay on the couch texting away.
Not only does she provide that horrible experience for you, but she also continues to push you into purchasing products you do not want to purchase.
I have left the store entirely dissatisfied, questioning what kind of establishment would allow such behavior from an employee.
As consumers, the customer should always have the right and freedom to  get what they deserve.
Every experience I have encountered with her has been similar to a reoccurring nightmare.
If they got rid of her, not only would the shop be a stress free zone, but it would also be at a lower risk of losing business and profit.
It is discouraging and quite frankly nothing but a hassle to continue doing business with this inadequate girl you call an employee.
It is a shame to come to the realization that such a great business can be ruined by one nagging person.
Aside from this negative aspect of the franchise, it was a very great spot to go to.
It no longer is because Karen will dictate how, when, and what will be done--both to customers and coworkers.

This place is amazing.
Awesome selection.
The guy that helped me was very helpful.
I will definitely come back

