I finally have somewhere to go in Edinburgh to get a slice of pizza!
I really enjoy going to this laid back pizzeria.
There is a good selection of pizza to buy by the slice or also by the half or whole pizza.
I was here with seven other people and for £40 we had a whole margherita to share and it was more than enough to go round.
The pizzas are baked in big rectangular trays so a whole pizza is a lot.
They have various toppings, both vegetarian and meat and also offer cheeseless pizza.
They have a fairly decent drinks menu for a pizzeria, wine by the glass or bottle and birra moretti on tap.
The coffee is good, quite close to real Italian coffee and both the deserts I have tried were good (tiramisu and rhum babas).
The prices are very reasonable.
Lunch with beer or wine for less than £10.
It is also a nice place to sit.
High ceilings and light in a nice old building in the lovely Bruntsfield.
There is a long table which is great for groups but also smaller booths and tables for a more intimate meal.
It is quite casual though, so maybe not the best place for a romantic first date.

This place is great!
I've passed it so many times and thought I want to go in there, but never got the opportunity until recently.
Myself and a group of friends went in for some take away pizza.
I love that you can get slices of pizza for around £2 each (I think some might be slightly more depending on what they are) and that way you can try a few different ones which is what myself and my friends did.
The waitress was really helpful and showed us all the pizzas and described each one for us.
Then we waited while it was baked which didn't take too long.
Everyone seemed very satisified with the pizzas and I definitely enjoyed mine.
I'd like to try out some of the other things on their menu, very very soon :)

At first the place really didn't catch my eye, especially with its name which can sound a bit cheesy.
Oh how wrong I was!
The concept is simple: they cook giant pizzas and sell them slice by slice.
The pizzas on offer change regularly and the service is very casual (no cutlery etc).
Right now the pizza is really nice there, the dough is a mix of crusty and fluffy, which I like better than very thin bases.
Try the Salame Piccante or the Boscaiola!
Now the only problem here, is that for less than a fiver for two slices and a drink, it's almost cheaper than my uni's canteen.
I'm not sure eating pizza every day is very good for my line, so I'm obviously not going daily, but for the price and taste, it's really hard no to!

Popped in here for an impromptu take away lunch after a friend recommended it.
Decor is very nice, modern and the pizza display was impressive.
The restaurant very much reminded me of pizza shops in Rome.
I had a quick look at the main menu and it sounded great, not fussy and minimal in a good way.
It certainly had all the right Italian food options on there for me.
The staff were friendly, knowledgeable and the helpful.
However we were here for the pizza that came recommended as the "best pizza slice in town", so the decor etc can be ignored lunch time hungry pangs were superseding such pleasantries.
We were here for the pizza I would have taken a picture but by the time we got back to the office hunger had overtaken, so the slices were wolfed down.
I opted for the 2 slices and a coke deal which came out at £4.95.
Well priced for a lunch deal, but the pizza is amazing so for £4.95 it's a bargain in my head compared to the mediocre pizza I have had elsewhere recently.
Thumbs up from me, this place is great.
I am going to sit in next time as this time was take away I want to see if their insalata, pasta  etc is just as good.

Visited on a Friday evening and was greeted by a very friendly waiter - may have been the owner/manager, 3 of us ordered 9 slices between us which ended up being ALOT but we were all very hungry and only left half a slice!
The pizza was great; nice thin and crispy base with a range of fresh toppings including mushroom, parma ham, pineapple, potato, peppers and gorgeous mozzarella.
Another friend had the Carbonarra and said it was one the best she had ever tasted.
Also had two portions of the chips, one with balsamic vinegar and one with fresh garlic/oil - both very very tasty.
The bill only came to £37 for the 4 of us, we couldn't believe it!
We didn't have starters or desserts but still for how full we were all feeling we were still surprised.
Will definitely be going back to try the desserts next time as they looked fantastic!

