I Can't wait for this place to open...as we definitely need a restaurant of this type in this area.
I love Greek and Mediterranean food and at least this time, I won't have to drive out of my way to get some.
Yippie!!!
I met the owner John a few times and he is super nice, personable and friendly.
I admire his drive and ambition.
According to him, Pita Cafe should be opening in a couple of weeks (July 22).
I wish them all the success in the world and can't wait to try it.
The menu looks awesome and my mouth is already watering just staring at it.
Hurry up and open!!

A breath of fresh air in the Pinnacle Peak area...the food is simply wonderful and the owner is genuinely warm and hospitable.
I tried  Pita Cafe on their grand opening day and I think  may have been their very first customer...
They had everything under control...and I walked in the door 10 minutes after they opened.
John is  very courteous, kind and caring and I must say that I am  quite impressed by his personable demeanor and people skills.
The menu is quite varied and offers everything from starters (hummus, falafel),  to pita sandwiches, platters and salads and have the capability to do catering also...Their prices are also very  reasonable!
Ordering is very simple and there is no fuss at having to wait for a server at a table.
I found the hostess to be very cheerful and pleasant.
Debit and credit card transactions are done in a snap, and you can add gratuity directly on the screen as well as sign with your very own finger!
I tried the chicken shawarma and it was scrumptious...the meat was fall off the bone tender...and everything tasted super fresh.
Next on my list is the Mediterranean  Pita..and the cafe special.
I just think along with many others that a menu posted on the wall would be very useful.
I have no doubt that they will be very successful.
The potential for this new little cafe is huge and the timing is just right.
Welcome to the neighborhood!

Yesterday my friend and I both ordered Greek salads with chicken.
Both were missing the cucumbers, olives, pepperocinis and green peppers.
Decided to give it another try tonight with my husband.
Ordered 2 gyro platters and falafel appetizer to go.
Got home to find the pita and tzatziki missing for both platters.
The falafel was dry and over cooked.
Will never return, it's worth the 10 extra minutes to drive to Pita Jungle.....simply no comparison.
Sorry, this place is going to tank the same way the last two businesses that were in this location in the shopping center did.

Absolute perfection , food was delicious , made quickly and promptly, wonderful customer service and professionalism from the owner including staff!
Thank you Pita Cafe

Went for lunch, the food was okay, chicken kabbob were salty and broiled.
The pita had 4 medium pieces of chicken and lots of  lettuce, and pickle with the yogurt sauce.
I had hoped for better flavor and more meat (protein).
Back to Sabas or Persian Room for lunch.

Do you remember your first kiss?
I know I do.
It was many years ago but I can see it as if it was yesterday.
I was a little scared, a lot excited, and I wasn't exactly sure what to expect, but I closed my eyes, opened my mouth, and hoped it wouldn't be too messy.
That's pretty much how I felt today, at the Pita Cafe.
I went for my morning coffee at the Starbucks on Pinnacle Peak / Scottsdale Road and to my delight, a new Greek cafe had opened where the outrageously expensive Italian place used to be.
I love Greek food, especially good gyros, but it just didn't make sense that a Greek restaurant would open so close to my house.
I mean, what did I do to deserve this?
How could I be so lucky?
I marched inside, talked to the nice girl at the front who said they'd only been open a week, got a menu, got my coffee, and headed home to tell my wife the good news.
This evening, armed only with hope and about twenty bucks, I called in and ordered a gyro platter with french fries as well as a gyro w/ a Greek salad.
John (as I'd later learn he was named) said it would be 10 minutes and he was exactly right.
There was an annoying couple in front of me who took FOREVER reading the menu and debating the merits of different dishes.
I wanted to kill them.
"Oh, Honey!
Schwarma!
Like in the Avengers movie!
Should we get that?
"  No, you should move out of the way so I can pay and take my food home to my starving wife.
They didn't though, but John (as I'd very soon learn he was named) asked me if I'd called ahead or wanted to order.
I identified myself and it turned out my food was waiting.
Since the annoying, babbling, debating couple was still in the way, John (who in maybe 30 seconds would introduce himself to me) whipped out this cool iPhone credit card swiper and handed me his phone to sign.
I signed away, he handed me my food, and then...  Then, he introduced himself (See?
Told you.
John.
Booyah.
) and said he hoped I enjoyed my food.
I did.
It was really tasty.
The pita bread was soft, not hard and stale, the meat was tender and moist, the Tatziki sauce was tart, the french fries were seasoned and hot, and the salad was fresh.
My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the meal and almost couldn't finish it.
The portions were sufficient without being overwhelming (I'm looking at YOU, Maggiano's) and I'm excited to try more of their dishes.
If I had any criticism it would be that they allow annoying, food debating couples to hold up lines, but hey, they're new, live and learn, right?
So, in conclusion, eat here, support John and the nice girl whose name I would have gotten if it hadn't been for that annoying couple, and enjoy solid Greek fare in a comfortable and clean atmosphere.

I was waiting for Pita Cafe to open as I am a fan of Gyros.
I stopped in for lunch today and wasn't disappointed.
It definitely has the feel of a small cafe.
I was greeted by a very friendly hostess as soon as I walked in.
Placing an order is very simple as is paying for your order.
My food arrived in a very timely manner.
The Gyro was filled with very tasty lamb.
All of the ingredients were very fresh.
The pita itself was soft and flavorful.
I will definitely be back.

I have eaten here twice since they opened and am happy with their food.
I tried the beef & chicken schawarma and they were very good.
I also tried the gyro which was also very tasty.
I like the fact that the owner is there every minute of every day and he appears to be all about quality.
They also deliver which is pretty rare for any north Scottsdale place.

Exceptional food and service!
I had the Gyro and Greek Salad.
I would have liked a bit more meat in the gyro, but other than that it was great!
A must try!

This place kind of sucks.
The ladies at the counter both times I was there seem to be impatiently waiting for you to figure out what you want and order.
This place is new so we needed time to decide.
I ordered the chicken kabobs the first time we were there.
It was very salty and I didn't care for the rice or the greek salad.
The second time I ate there I had a chicken pita which annoyed them that I ordered that way since there are so many types of chicken on the menu that could apparently be made into a pita.
The pita bread was really good so I'll give them that, but we gave them 2 tries and didn't like it much either time so I doubt will be back.
Bummer .
we were hoping to be impressed.

Really great food.
Nice local place.
Nice people.
Everything we have tried there has been good and high quality.

I'm a fan.
Great concept and super value for North Scottsdale.
Take a look at the pic I uploaded.
All that food for eight bucks.
The salad was great with lots of Greek-y extras (feta, beets, etc.
)  For a side salad there was no skimp here.
I got the Mediterranean Pita which is one tasty sandwich.
My kids got the Philly Pita which had chicken, grilled onions, grilled peppers and Swiss cheese.
They said it was as good as Pita Jungle.
This is exactly the type of affordable healthy food this neighborhood needed.

This place rocks in almost every way.
The food is fabulous (and cheap!
), the service is always friendly, and the location only 5 minutes away is awesome.
The only thing lacking is the interior decorating.
We always sit outside on the patio so it's not a big deal, but eating inside is definitely not the most luxurious of experiences.

Another review I forgot until now.
Turning left across construction-strangled north-bound Scottsdale Road is a death-defying act and since you don't see the Pita Cafe sign heading up toward Cave Creek-Carefree, for a while Pita Cafe was the place I kept thinking: "I want to try but..." every time I was south-bound.
On a day where I was kinda-sorta hungry about two in the afternoon, I took my life into my hands and made the turn.
I am glad I did.
So far, Greek Pita at Happy Valley is my fave gyro joint.
Wasn't able to find a place closer to home.
Did try a local diner that claimed to have good gyros, but as you can see by my review, it was underwhelming and over-priced.
Pita Cafe, however---very good!
Wedged in between a Starbucks and a Subway with a nice outdoor patio, the inside is very clean and brightly lit but basically utilitarian.
When I walked in, there were a couple of tables but no one at the counter.
The young lady serving the counter was ready with a big welcoming smile.
Since I was only kinda-sorta hungry, I just went for an original gyro---lamb and beef  with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, tzatziki sauce on a circle of pita bread---and an ice tea (got the iced slightly sweetened green tea).
I ordered, handed over a reasonable $6 and went out onto the patio to enjoy a mild November afternoon and read on my Kindle.
My gyro arrived in about 5 minutes, delivered by the same pleasant girl who took my order.
It was MAMMOTH.
It was delicious.
Pita was not too dry, slightly chewy, obviously fresh.
Meat was tender and well-seasoned.
Veggies crisp.
Tzatzki sauce not too thick or too runny with just the right tang.
I love tzatzki sauce and I wish there had been more, but's just me---I love my gyros to be messy with the stuff.
I am sure if I'd had the initiative to go ask, the nice counter girl would have given me a little more.
While I ate and read, there was a constant stream of diners going in and out.
However, when I regretfully finished off the last bite of my gyro---regretful because it was over, though I was totally sated---I popped back in for a squirt more of iced tea for the road and the cafe was temporarily without customers and my young server was taking the opportunity to sweep the floor.
I mention that because a total pet peeve of mine are dining establishments that sweep around you while you are trying to eat.
Pita Cafe obviously is well-managed enough to show consideration of their customers by waiting for lulls to tidy up, and I appreciate that!
Kudos!
So my experience was limited, but was good enough that I am definitely going to return and bring DH and that way we can try a variety of dishes (meaning I will steal whatever I can from his plate!).
I am excited to have a pita place so close to home that is delicious and clean and provides such nice service.
I am glad you are open, Pita Cafe.
You are worth risking a fender-bender for lunch!

This place ROCKS!
Stopped in around 10:20AM and was happily surprised they were open so early, as I'd rather give a locally owned restaurant the business over a chain any day.
We ordered the grilled veggie pita and a small jalapeno hummus w/falafal and split both; EXCELLENT choices!
They were served very hot, the sauce on the pita was delish and the service was impeccable.
We have a PJ 5 mins.
from the house, which is also awesome, but this place will def.
be worth the extra drive for delicious food served quickly, hot, and with a smile.
We'll be back!

Best Mediterranean food I've had in Arizona!!
So happy it's so close!
The picado pita with gyro meat was amazing!!!

I work about a mile from here and was very excited to find out when it opened last year.
There was a need for it in the area and they filled it.
Great food, good prices, and always happy to come back.

The food is good, healthy and fresh.
I usually opt for the chicken shawarma with a Greek salad.
The staff is always polite and attentive.
One of my favorite quick, healthy and inexpensive spots.

Ok, Yelp...I've tried three times to post my review on Pita Café and it's not posting.
I guess I really like this place.
Food is awesome, fresh and healthy!!
The service is outstanding.
So glad, when my daughter wanted to go to the neighboring fast food sandwich place, I persuaded her to go to Pita Café.
Been many times since and the food and service has been excellently consistent.

My family and I have gotten take-out from this place twice now, and I must say, it is really delicious.
My daughter fancies herself a gyro expert, and their gyros are as good as it gets to her.
I found mine scrumptious too, overflowing with a ton of meat.
So much meat, I give all my extra to my three-year-old to munch.
The pita bread is soft and chewy and soooo yummy.
Love the tzatziki as well.
We've also had their hummus and found it to be very good - great texture and flavor.
Not at all dry and stiff and weird tasting like so many other places I've been to.
I love Pita Jungle, but find this place to not only have better gyros, but it's also cheaper.
It's only $6 for an awesome gyro!
Plus the wait for take-out is not long - ready in five minutes one day and under ten on the other day.
Try getting take-out in five minutes from Pita Jungle!
I really hope this place does well and stays in business.
I see myself getting take-out from here on a regular basis.

Pita Cafe is great!
People are always friendly and the food is awesome.
I have gotten this for takeout 4-5 times now and it is very consistent and delicious.

