Just hosted a gold party with these folks after attending one hosted by Yelper De Anna L. I have to say, it was a little tough to find people who still had gold - so many have had their homes burglarized :( But, it was great for those who had gold to sell!
My guests made money, I made money and De Anna even made money!
It was a great way to rustle up some cash for the holidays.
They buy all types of gold ~ white, yellow, and tri-colored.
That can be unused or broken jewelry, coins, or even dental gold (though that is gross!).
They also buy platinum and silver that is marked "sterling" or ".925".
Jewelers will remove and return any stones that your guests may want to keep.
And, you get them back along with your check right there on the spot!
Hosting a party was really easy.
I just called and picked a date.
There was no back and forth or negotiating.
They made the date work.
I was sent an email to use as an invitation if I wanted (I used facebook).
The buyer needs table space with good lighting and a nearby electrical outlet.
They also raffle off cash prizes to those that sell gold at your party, and your guests can come in at any time while they are there so you can do an "open house" format.
Unfortunately, something happened (hopefully nothing tragic) and the guy who was supposed to do my party could not be reached.
Janet, the woman who schedules the parties, was so responsive -- calling me to check if he had arrived yet and arranging for a coworker to pick up the party.
He was here in no time and was very friendly, polite and professional.
Channel 15 Investigative Team compared gold buyers in the Valley and Valley Goldmine came  out FAR ahead of the "competition" with the best prices!
I would totally recommend hosting a party if you know anyone who still has gold!

Tim & Ben from Valley Goldmine have done two gold parties for me at the salon.
One in the fall of last year and one the year before.
Both times we had an absolute blast.
I'm not great in large crowds and each time they were the perfect hosts.
They managed to get everyone processed and paid in an orderly fashion.
All of the guests were thrilled with the money they made on their gold.
Thrilled!
Me too!
Some of the guests had stones that needed to be removed from settings.
Often times it can't be done on site so Tim & Ben take the items, remove the stones and send them back to the clients.
Never a single hitch.
Everyone got their stones back in a timely manner, safe and sound.
These guys work their butts off, they're on time - come prepared and are so down to earth.
The first time they came out I was half expecting some smarmy "WE BUY GOLD!
" guys.
Not so..very cool and personable.
A few of my clients have even gone directly to their offices for private appointments.
Everyone I've sent has been more than satisfied.
Bonus- They did a party for Christina P. who attended my last party.
Because she was a guest of my party, they sent me a check - - totally unexpected.
I didn't even know they did that.
I wouldn't even consider using anyone else!

Valley Goldmine has done two fundraisers at my school, and that I do appreciate.
Personally, I had one great experience with them and one unpleasant.
For my first experience, I brought them my husband's ring from his first marriage.
I very quickly got a fair price and was written a check right then and there.
The second time they came into school, they had only one primary staff member there (which was probably appropriate since the attendance was far less than the first fundraiser), but as it turned out, I would have appreciated a second pair of eyes.
This time, I brought in a gold and silver bowl that had been a gift from a Turkish boyfriend years ago.
The guy seemed less than interested, and quickly dismissed me with "there's no stamp.
" That's funny, because when I took it back to my desk, I saw a stamp- in the middle of the bowl.
I guess he didn't want my business, or maybe it was going to be too much of a hassle to figure out the weight and pricing for an unusual item like a gold and silver bowl, even though I was his only "customer" at the time.
I sure wasn't interested in going back and arguing with him about it, given his demeanor.
I know this business has been rated the best in the Valley, but I hestitate to use them again.
And I have no clue where to take my bowl now.

Had some old gold jewelery laying around and thought I'd sell it.
After doing some research I decided to use Valley Goldmine and I couldn't be happier!
I worked with Tim and he was very professional and I got top dollar for the jewelery.
I highly recommend Valley Goldmine!
They are a company that treats you right.

When you think of gold buyers, you think of the sun baked, headphone wearing middle aged men flipping and twirling signs around and about advertising "We Buy Gold!
" on the corner.
You think of the crooked smile with missing teeth, grinning at you over the counter of an EZ PAWN.
That is not at all the demeanor of Valley Goldmine.
They are professional, accomodating, honest and most importantly, fair.
I met with Mary from Vally Goldmine today, 05/14/2013, and I was very impressed with the service I received.
I contacted Valley Goldmine 05/13/2013 to inquire on selling a pure gold Kruggerand I had inherited, because I needed the extra cash.
While Valley doesn't typically deal in just coinage, Mary went out of her way to assist me.
I was referred to a reputable gold buyer in Mesa, AZ that Valley places a deal of trust into, but the logistics and scheduling didn't work out.
Mary met with me personally and privately simply to buy the coin for what it was worth and gave me quite a good price for it.
The transaction was subtle, private and not at all intimidating.
I was led to this company by other shining reviews on Yelp.com, and I must say, there is reason for such reviews.
I would highly recommend anybody interested in selling off old jewelery or coinage to do so with Valley Goldmine.

i had a really great experience with Michael on my first visit at cooper crossings and enjoyed his business, learned a few things and was very elated that the set of jewelry i brought in was worth more than what Gold Stash told me it was worth.
Gold stash quoted me 235.00 and without telling Mike cause i wanted to make sure he doesn't rip me off lol cause i didn't know him.
He flat out said oh you got about 575.00 worth of jewelries here are you interested in selling them?
i said of course, i needed it for my daughters baby supplies.
i came back the following weekend and met with Mary.
Brought my mother in law in and we were excited to find out that the jewelries she had laying around were worth 1150.00.
Thank you so much to VAlley Goldmine.
We will definitely come back without hesitation.
Been to too many places before even the ones my family usually goes to for 15 years now VAlley Gold mine treated us better.
They didn't rip me off.
I love the, Mike and Mary are very pleasant, friendly and trushworthy.

Had a great experience.
Very professional and honest, so unlike many of the other gold buyers in Phoenix.
I will be sending all of my friends to Valley Goldmine.

I have been using valley goldmine since 2010 and they have the best prices in town.
First time I met with Mike, he was cool and no pressure added he gave me a total on bulk gold I had collected over the years.
I drove few miles down in Chandler to London gold & some other independent jewler near Chandler Blvd.
Both of them gave me lower prices than Valley.
I drove back with Mike at Chandler location & completed our transaction.
Ever since then, I don't hesitate, i know they have the best prices to offer.
Now I call Mary and they are so professional and flexible with their clients.
My cash gold place!

I had a VERY positive experience with Mary and Valley Goldmine.
I had some old gold jewelry left over from my big hair days in the 80's I was looking to sell.
I did my research and checked out about a dozen gold buyers in the east valley.
Valley Goldmine blew their competitors away.
First, Mary returned my initial email with a friendly phone call.
We set up an appointment to meet at their Chandler location the next day.
I am always skeptical so I brought a few selected items (I used the same items to get quotes from 3 other dealers).
Mary was pleasant, honest, and very knowledgeable.
Her quote to me for my few items was about $150 more than the other sellers I had met with.
She cut me a check right on the spot.
I deposited that day and the funds were available the next morning.
I had such a great experience I have used Valley Goldmine twice more.
I highly recommend Mary and Valley Goldmine!
I will definitely use them again!

Took some scrap gold and silver I had laying around to see how much I could get for it.
$190!!!
Not bad!
It was so easy and everyone is very helpful there.
I will definitely go there again.
No hassle and very honest!

I had some old 14kt and 10kt yellow gold items laying around.
I took them to see how much I could get.
I received a check for about $250, not a bad price.
It was so easy, they were very helpful, and honest.
I will definitely use them again.
No hassle and very honest!
I was in and out in about 15 to 20 minutes.
Call Valley Goldmine first!!!

