I bought a Groupon for these people and couldn't ever reach them to schedule my appointment!
I left several messages and no one even bothered to return my call.
So disappointing.
Don't bother with them!!

Had scheduled an appointment and got it 3 weeks later.
but was very professional and courteous when I went there.
The massage therapist was really good.
Had a really sore neck, upper back and she worked wonders on me with deep tissue massage.
Have one more appointment to schedule.
Looking forward.

If I could give them negative stars they would get about a -100....
I bought a WeeklyPlus deal online for a service and it took me 3 weeks to even get through to them.
I kept calling and only got a recording stating "leave a message and we will return your call", but I never received a call back.
When I was finally able to get an actual person on the phone, I scheduled an appointment.
I got to the appointment and everything went well with my service.
At that time I was offered additional services at a great savings, 5 services for $60 (a $240.00 savings).
I was hesitant but went ahead and purchased.
When I called to schedule an appointment, I again had a hard time getting ahold of them always getting the same recording.
When I did finally get an appointment scheduled, I received a call the morning of the appointment and told due to an emergency we need to reschedule.
I voiced my disappointment but rescheduled the appointment for the next week, same day, same time.
I called the day before my rescheduled appointment to confirm the date, Friday, and the time, 11:00, and was told we were still on.
The morning of my appointment, at 10:00, I received a call from Allie of The Added Touch stating that I missed my 9:00.
I told her that my appointment was at 11:00 and I was just getting ready to leave to head to their office.
She stated that my appointment was at 9:00 not 11:00.
I told her that I had called the office yesterday (Thursday) and confirmed my appointment and was told it was at 11:00.
She proceeded to tell me my appointment could not have been at 11:00 because my technician was in class at 11:00.
I felt like I was being called a liar and asked for a refund of my $60.
After much discussion, I was told I would receive a credit for $60 in approx.
7 to 10 day.
To date (a month later), I have not seen the refund and cannot get through on the phone.......AGAIN!

It is difficult to get a call returned or to get somebody to even answer the phone.
The address on Groupon is not the correct one, which was never mentioned to me when I booked.
Because of the change of address I was 20 minutes late to my appointment and was told they may have to cancel it.
Then after looking up my appointment I was told that the receptionist actually booked me for the wrong type of appointment and that I would have to reschedule anyways.
Very poor first impression will just attempt to get my Groupon refunded.

I could not tell you anything about this business other than they don't know how to run a business.
Left multiple messages with no replies.
Gave up and am seeking a refund through Groupon.
Don't offer deals or discounts if you have no intention of honoring them.
Totally unprofessional and smells of a scam.

The first time I went to get a massage I arrived to an empty waiting room.
After waiting 15 minutes I was told my appointment would need to be cancelled because they didn't have time.
I booked this 4 weeks in advance (the soonest they could get me in)!
I opted to just get a 40 minute massage (for same price, no partial refund) as I drove very far.
The massage was sub par.
For my second massage (which was pre-paid for), I drove one hour in traffic from work.
AGAIN when I arrived I was told the appointment was cancelled!!!
This time there was nothing they could do and the receptionist could not give me a refund because she didn't "know how to use the computer.
"  They still have my $60 and it's almost two months later!
I've called and called with no return call to get my money back!
Do not go here!

Got a Groupon.
Got two massages, the first one was the worst massage of my life.
The guy recommended that my next one be from another woman there who does deep tissue.
Her massage felt like she wasn't even paying attention, and I could tell that she was massaging me with one hand and herself with her other hand.
Tried to schedule the other massages I'd already paid for on Groupon for my boss, but I could not get a call back.
I left multiple messages and emails, but no response.
Now the Groupon is expired.
Don't go there, it's horrible.

I've been here many times and never had a problem.
All therapists are very friendly.
Clean office, more New Age music in background.
I think people have the wrong idea.
They are more of a wellness center not relaxing day spa.
Because each therapists is independently contracted, by law they have to create their own schedule, so make sure you leave a message when you call because there is no receptionist, just professional staff.
They also have an online scheduling system for return clients which I love.
It updates me on my appointments, let's me schedule with my favorite therapist and sends me reminders.
I wanted to leave a review on here because there seems to be some bad ones, but they are all cheap groupon people and from my own experience having a business, we too have problems with groupon customers.
Negligent, rude and disrespectful... Did I also mention cheap?
Not all, but most.

This place is not good.
I wouldn't recommend it even with the low price of the Groupon.
I have had 2 appointments and both times they have been cancelled due to an "emergency.
"  The first time I was very understanding, but this second time?
Really, again?!
When they have to reschedule it takes almost a month until you can get another appointment.
When I finally did get in after the first initial cancel (a month later) the massage wasn't even that great.
It was like I was the last appointment of the day and she just wanted to get home and half assed my massage.
I would not recommend The Added Touch Massage.

Massage therapist I got was pretty good, but since then I've not been able to get a hold of them and it says the number has been disconnected.
I even drove to their office one day and the office was open, but no one was in there to make an appt with.
I've been trying for months now.
Definitely do not get a groupon from here.

