Jenny & Eric are wonderful.
They are Detailed, care about their clients.
they match the right product with each client.
Highly recommend!

This place is amazing!!
I live in LA and look forward to being in town so I can get my gel manicure and pedicure here!!
Much cleaner than any other place I have been.
Relaxing, affordable and unbelievable selection to choose from!!
People are so nice!!
I am shocked to see that there could ever be a negative review!

If you're as picky about your nails as I am, this is your nail salon.
I've been getting my nails done for years (I'm old) and now that I'm getting gel manicures, Jenny, the owner, is an absolute perfectionist.
Although there are several nail shops in my area, driving a few extra miles to get there is worth it.
Jenny shows the same perfectionism when she hires nail techs.
If they're not 100% up to par, she won't keep them.
They have to have the same values and work ethic as she does and she sets the bar high.
The fact that the salon is aesthetically beautiful with high end finishes is a bonus.
You owe it to yourself to try this place.
And, if for some strange reason, you're not completely happy, Jenny wants to know about it so that she can make it right.
Exemplary customer service is her main goal so she wants to make sure your services were performed to your satisfaction.

I was so happy to go try this nail salon.
Jenny is very sweet and made sure I was well taken care of.
They are very detail oriented which is great.
Will be back for sure.

I came in yesterday for a pedicure.
May did an awesome job, her nail art is beautiful and she was very thorough with the entire pedicure.
Classic pedicure is only $25, well worth it with the quality of work you will receive.
Plus the salon is brand new and super clean!
Also, Jenny the owner is really sweet.

Please understand that I have been to MANY a nail salon in my young life.
There seems to ALWAYS be something I dislike about nail salons, I just NEVER have a good experience.
Well.... That was BEFORE this nail salon!
I have never ever had a better experience.
May did my pedicure and Eric did my gel mani.
I also have never had a positive experience with a male tech... Eric was off the charts.
He was extremely funny, caring, and my nails look phenomenal.
He told me I was a princess and deserve to be treated well.
Really?!
Where else can you go and hear that?!
This salon is extremely clean!!
Right when you walk in you immediately know you're going to have a great experience.
May did the most phenomenal pedicure.
She completely took her time and my toes look perfect!!!
I cannot stop talking about this amazing experience!!
I will refer all of my friends and family here!!
Do yourself a favor and stop in, you will be highly glad you did.
Check out my pics I uploaded :)

They do an amazing job!!!
They are super friendly, the salon is incredibly clean and they give great massages!!
I would definitely recommend!

Just moved to the area and had to find a new nail salon... Ugh... the dread... you know what I mean!!
Was pleasantly surprised by this salon.. Nice, clean shop with friendly, professional staff and best of all they do great work!!!
Jenny did my nails, she was very detailed and meticulous and gave a great massage :) I got a gel manicure and regular pedicure and was not disappointed at all... my nails still look great with no chipping or cuticle damage!!
I consider myself very picky and a bit of a perfectionist and I was very happy and satisfied with her work so I will definitely be back!!

I heard about this place from people who come into my work and they gave me a 20% coupon for her grand opening.
I love this place!
Jenny is amazing and so is Sharon.
They are so sweet and personable with you.
Pedicures are amazing, and the gel Polish is flawless after.
I love this place for so many reasons, the prices are amazing as well!
Definitely come here as your choice of a nail salon.
It's worth it!

Very happy with my manicure ... going on a month and my nails still look great!!
I will definitely be back when I'm in town again.
Jenny was a sweetheart - and the gal who did my nails, probably the best manicure I've ever had.
Seriously!

Awesome color selection.
The staff was so friendly.
The salon is clean, modern, with very comfy chairs for a pedicure.
Would definitely go back if I'm in Phoenix again!

Simply the best!
My indulgence is a good pedi and pretty nails.
The level of expertise and cleanliness is amazing.
Add friendly staff and the recipe is complete.
Kudos to Jenny & crew!

I have had some CRAZY experiences with nail salons lately in my search to find a new i.
And by crazy I mean bad -.- so im always a little nervous when I go into a new place.
But WOW!
Jackie did my fill and she did such an amazing job.
Everyone in the whole salon was really nice and didn't mind having conversation.
So I think, I have finally found my new nail spot.
I need a full set next, sooooo we'll see if the work is consistent.
I'll update.

I found this place based on yelp reviews.
I am so thankful to my fellow yelpers for recommending this place!!
I am very impressed and will be back for sure!
Wait time: Less than 5 minutes  Cleanliness: 5 out of 5.
(I am a licensed nail tech and I know what to look for)  Price: comparable with other nail shops  Quality: I saw Cattien who was very quick and precise.
5 days later and my gel manicure looks as fresh as day 1  Color selection: Largest selection of gel colors I've seen in a nail shop

It's taken me 3 years living on the east side to finally find a great nail salon!!!!
Great staff...Cattien is the best!!!

First time here today.
The salon was very clean.
Lots of colors to choose from.
I received a gel manicure from Eric.
He was very kind and helpful and made my visit very pleasant!
Love my nails :) Thanks!

The staff is really nice!
The give quality pedicures and take their time.
The price isn't terribly high and it's worth every penny.

They are so good!
I brought my kids and they felt like little princesses getring their nails painted.
Their nail art is simply the best I've ever had for the price!
And with the pedicure, the foot  massage is amazing!
I've had my feel manicure for a week advt I'm rough on my nails and still its intact, no chipping!
I'd definitely recommend it!

Love this place!
Great service, amazing color choices and very clean.

I wanted to try out a new nail place and this one was rated pretty highly.
Now that I have been there I don't see why it would deserve 5 stars.
The place is pretty small and there is really no decoration or anything special to it.
There is a water fountain near the front check-in area but you can't see it while you are seated for a pedicure.
You certainly can't hear it; all I could hear while I was there was the buzzing from the acrylic nail buffing tool that sounds like a dentist drill.
Not exactly relaxing.
I know all nail places have that but this place has pretty bad acoustics because I found it extremely loud.
Also the chemical smell, again present at even the best nail salons, was overwhelming.
They did not have an ventilation at all.
Overall it just was not a pleasant environment.
However, my nail tech was very nice and did a great job.
And my pedicure only cost $25.
So, that is still A-OK in my book for when I need to just stop in and get my toes done.
But Pink Polish still has them beat for atmosphere.

