I recommend Pete at Call 4 Handyman.
He's a handyman that's also the "Jack of All Trades".
He does it all.....interior/exterior painting, garage door repairs, flat screen mounting, kitchen work, and even is a locksmith.
I didn't get all these jobs done at my home so I can't quote any prices.
But I did give Pete of Call 4 Handyman a call when HOA pressured me to get my eaves painted.
The work itself was something that I could easily have done if I had the time, didn't mind the outside heat, and owned a ladder tall enough to get to my eaves.
I found Pete from Call 4 Handyman through Craigslist and now you can find him through Yelp.
I simply contacted Pete, he requested pictures of the eaves, he gave me an estimate (which was lower than I expected to pay), and he showed up promptly on the same day.
The work was done in about 30 minutes, which would have taken me at least 2 hours.
The work was fast, clean, and affordable.
Looking for a handyman to do most jobs, give Pete of Call 4 Handyman a call.

Pete and his coworker did a great job.
They were on time , pilot and CLEAN.
Work was completed as required and they kept to the original price !!
Will use them again.

Called Pete based on his great Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed.
He showed up to look at the job exactly when he said he would.
Even through my project was a somewhat larger project than they usually do, ( it involved redoing my master bath, installing tile, vanity, mirrors, floor tile etc.
) He agreed to it.
James, his associate showed up as scheduled and was able to do all aspects of the job.
James was on the job for 5 full days and completed the job including the all unforeseen items that always crop up on a larger project.
Pete called me to see if I was satisfied every night and came over to look the job over every other day.
He really showed great concern that everything was done well as expected.
I feel I got my money's worth and certainly recommend this company and would not hesitate to use their services again.

Had a few small repairs to do in a home I bought.
Pete came and did a wonderful job for a reasonable price.
I would definitely recommend his services to anyone :)

I needed to get a satellite wire painted to match the color of the house.
I searched YELP for a handyman and found Pete.
He was great.
He quoted me for the job after I sent some pictures.
I needed it done right away and he was able to accommodate me on the same day in less than 2 hrs.
He was very nice and professional.
I would use him again for other jobs.

Excellent service and pricing.
Pete was always prompt and he's extremely trustworthy.
Great company.
Will use them again.

Long story short....I had break into my house and called Pete.
He was at my house within an hour and fixed my door.
He's AMAZEBALLS!!

Called Pete with a quick repair needed before moving out of our rental, he was prompt and offered a fair price.
Would use his services again.

Pete and his other handyman was great!
They were on time, quick, and did a great job.
I would def hire him again.

Pete saved my day , he is my hero my water heater leaked and it  was getting pretty bad he was fast, good and professional nice guy...He even gave me tips on things that could help avoid potentially expensive repairs in the future...thanks Pete you rock.

I had Pete come out and install some security cameras at my house.
He was here within a couple hours to give me an estimate and had the job wrapped up a couple days later.
His work was excellent!
He made sure to clean everything up after he was done which was much appreciated.
I'll be using him for some other projects in the future.
He's my go to handyman.

The funny thing about handymen is that there will always be a situation where you call them because someone else messed up (and quite frankly, you should've just called a handyman in the first place).
Pete is friendly and not judgmental of botched home improvement projects (I promise I won't ask my stepdad anymore!).
The price is fair, not remarkable on either spectrum.
What makes Pete a winner for me is the fact I can text photos of the situation and we can discuss quotes that way -- so convenient!
He also came on very short notices, which will always leave room for appreciation.

Highly recommend!
Locked myself out of the car at my veterinarian office with my dog in the car and the owner of this company came immediately to the rescue!
He was so caring and professional and so expediate.
Thank you Pini.
You are a lifesaver!

I need help with my toilet... Woke up this morning with leaking toilet.
I called this handyman after 45 min , I have new toilet ready for me....  Nice guy...great price.... Will call him again when my new 65' tv arrive..
Thank you so much..

I manage several properties for my clients in Las Vegas and Henderson.
This business is great.
I use them for repairs, maintenance and other jobs as well.
The quality of work is outstanding and the customer service is great.
When you make an appointment with them they actually show up on time and discuss your options to get you the best pricing possible.
I would recommend this company to anyone looking for a professional top-notch handyman.

Pete and his handymen really know how to run a business.
My property management company quoted me their vendor's price and I called these guys for a second opinion.
They were fast and easy to reach by phone.
By the following day they had repaired what I'd previously been told must be replaced.
They saved me $300.
I will definitely be using them in the future.

I highly recommend Pete!
He is trustworthy and gets quality work done.
Thankfully I found him on Yelp, the gift that keeps on giving!

I cannot fully express how incredibly impressed I am with Pete and his work!!!!!!!!!
He was easy to get ahold of, promptly responded to queries, punctual, dependable, trustworthy, honest, and extremely thorough in his work.
Beyond highly recommended!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Pete is amazing he showed up quickly diagnosed the problem and found an affordable solution.
I had a set of kitchen drawers that the glides had broken off the back wall.
He repaired them in under an hour for the 4 drawers.
Outstanding service at a great price.....

