I went to Cindy this past week to get my hair chemically straightened and she was great!
She really took her time with the consultation and did a couple strand tests to make sure that the chemicals that would be used work well with my hair (they usually work well with most people's hair, but better safe than sorry/bald...)  Anyway, it's been a few days and everything looks great and I will definitely be going back to Cindy when I need a touch up in 6 months.
She listens well to what you'd like, is very thorough, and even gave me a hair cut, which I had not previously scheduled in.
Great price, great service...I would definitely recommend Cindy.

Cindy has worked on me twice and I'm a fan for life!
The first time I met with Cindy, Cindy did my hair and make-up for the wedding and I received much compliments.
From a soft updo to a more colorful face, everything was amazing!
The second time I met with Cindy, she had fixed my hair for me after my friend chopped off too much bangs for me.
After slapping on some color and trimmed a new fringe, I feel great again.
Cindy comes highly recommended.

Cindy cut my hair in a very professional way, and I'm always happy when I leave.
I had some special request on how to cut my hair, and she did the job perfectly.
People were asking where did I get my hair done,  and all my friends love it.
She also did my makeup before.
She is a very nice and patient, I would recommend her to my friends for hair cut and makeups.
I heard she is also doing facials.
I will definitely go back and try it sometimes.

I have what they call "Asian Boy Hair" - fine, light, and thin.
Or was that how I like my girls....!?
Maybe it's both!
Anyways I met Cindy through the Ms. Chinese Pageant.
No I wasn't in the pageant, she was!
Just to let you know and there were fine, light, and thin gals there - Wink!
Needless to say, Cindy's service is number one!
She does is all; hair, makeup and the whole Shebang!
Got a wedding!?
Well I don't, but I'm pretty sure you do.
Cindy also does large events and gatherings.
So in case you need someone reliable, professional, and proud of her work and business; CW is the one to count on!
I've been here for years and will keep coming back.
Us guys have a small hair fetish and we want consistency and someone that understands our style.
CW understands me, aside that we both speak Cantonese!
She is fluent in Mandarin and Cantonese so no need for a translator for you Chinese speaking peeps.
Cindy is located in the strip mall at a store front called Salon Karizma.
Perfect title for a CW, since someone has to make this Asian Boy look good with confidence and charisma!
- Enjoy!

Cindy made hair both for my boyfriend and me.
She is very professional about Asian style hair cut.
Although we have been in the US about two years, we still can't find a good hair artist for our hair style.
One time I saw some information about Cindy's hair beauty and viewed her homepage.
We decided to try it.
She never let you down cause she knows how to make a good Asian hair cut style well.
I also experienced the hair straighten in her salon as my hair is natural curved.
It is a good experience and now my hair is straight, smooth and easy to make a style and that's what I want.
You can make an appointment with Cindy before you go to there.
She will also give you a card and get a 10% cash reward.

She's amazing!
Did a great job on my wedding!
I even got my hair straighten after my wedding.
She takes her time and has reasonable price!
I'm not going to another hair dresser!
Thank you Cindy!

Cindy is amazing!!
My hair was ruined by AZ heat and water.
I had very thick and long Asian hair and I cannot use any American hair dresser because the different hair texture.
I was so happy to find Cindy from yelp.
What's better is that her place is super close to ASU, right on mill!
She difinitly did an amazing job .
My hair is now with awesome layers, very light and comfortable while still maintain the length.
She is very nice and cheerful to talk to as well, and gives good tips on maintaining good hair in AZ.
So happy I find my permanent hair stylist in AZ!

Cindy really is as good as it gets!
Her work is excellent and she is very kind and personable.
I have seen her excel in Men's cuts as well as ladies color.
We're happy that she moved to Tempe, right near ASU.
Go see her at Vanity on Mill Hair Gallery.
We love you Cindy!

I flew her all the way from AZ to Cape Cod, MA to do my makeup and my hair for my wedding back in Sep 2012.
I really appreciate all her work and the patient that she gave me on my wedding.
It was a whole day service.
I'd recommend her service since you will for sure get more than what you pay for.
Cindy always tries her best to satisfy my request.
I'd love to have her for my haircut but too bad she lives couple hundred miles away from me.

