Maybe I caught them on a bad day.
They were busy but I stood at the counter for ages & was ignored by 3 members of staff.
I wanted a takeout bagel & cake & was told the kitchen was too busy to make more sandwiches unless I wanted to sit in!
I consoled myself with a strawberry tart which was amazing.
Lots of juicy fresh strawberries.
The pastry was light & crispy.
I couldn't fault it.
5 star cake.
1 star service.
I'll maybe try again but with the festival looming I hope the attitude changes

I'm sure the cake displays front of house are really there to shout out to you "come in and try me...I dare you", that is my excuse.
I was really lucky to get a seat here at the right time in this cosy cafe near the Elephant House.
With quick service for afternoon Earl Grey tea and delightful Strawberry Tart (note OMG must try some of the other cakes next time), and three cups of tea from one pot for around £6, you can't go far wrong that try Valarie Pattesserie if your in the area, and you need a seat!
Noticed they do proper meals, but didn't have time, because I was enjoying cake so much, but will do more next time...that's a promise.

Tried again with colleagues the other week.
We needed a quick lunch & PV wasn't too busy so it looked like a good choice.
The savoury menu is limited - croque Monsieur, quiche & salad, poached eggs, toasted sandwiches - you get the picture.
I ordered quiche & salad.
It was well presented til I discovered that half of the salad leaves were way past their best & buried under a pile of fresher salad & there was no dressing on the salad either.
I pointed this out to the waitress who conferred with the manager.
I was offered another dish but we'd already waited for quite a while & needed to get back to work.
The quiche was nice but there was too much pastry for the amount of filling which was a shame s the filling (bacon & cheese) was lovely  One colleague had the croque Monsieur which came with fresh dressed salad.
He said it was tasty & a good sized portion.
Another had the poached eggs which she said were quite watery which was a shame.
I was offered a free cake because of the salad issue with my main but I was scunnered & out of time so we asked them to deduct my main from the bill which they did.
Maybe I am just unlucky in my experiences here but I'm not sure I'd try again as there are so many other places round about to choose from.

Once again, I break form and review a chain.
Patisserie Valerie locations can be found everywhere, but never outside of the UK, with most infesting London like one of those rashes which feel sooo good when you scratch them.
Edinburgh has three.... Patisserie Valeries, not rashes.
Why would I review such a location...maybe because I wish to support them.
You see, if Patisserie Valerie (and you have to know I am copy/pasting each time I mention them) was coffee-centered like every café chain in North America, I wouldn't give them a second glance.
By default, I would have preferred to avoid a chain in favor of a local independent, but I am glad I was convinced otherwise.
For one, Patisserie Valerie centers on cakes, fantastic cakes.
They are all about their bakery, so that I can get behind.
The service presents Patisserie Valerie as much a restaurant over a traditional café where you pick and choose pastries twisting in a display guarded by plexi.
They even offered a winter menu which Savanna and I took advantage of.
Three courses for $12.95, and while Savanna ordered the hummus with smoked paprika and warm pita bread with the roast butternut squash stuffed with mozzarella, peppers, basil, and sundried tomato, I had the chicken liver & wild mushroom pate with crostini and sunflower shaped ravioli stuffed with asparagus, garden peas, butter and sage.
And there will be cake.
Or rather a slice of Valerie's Gateaux.
And they were amazing.
We each chose one slice of different cakes, taken from a list of about twenty.
I don't know why anyone would want to visit Starbucks with awesome places like Patisserie Valerie sitting around.
But, I guess, that's the way of the world.
When I was in London, my mother and I went into a Starbucks to buy a novelty souvenir for a family member.
If I ever took her to Patisserie Valerie, that would pretty much be the end of her fascination with that--look, I don't drink coffee, okay?
I could never understand people's fascination with it.
I have tried it numerous times, with sugar, cream, vanilla, topped with chocolate and frothed to my desire, and I have never enjoyed a cup.
Patisserie Valerie serves coffee and tea...and cake.
So try Patisserie Valerie instead of ordering that double latte enema from the green siren for once.
Green siren, you know, the symbol for Starbucks.
By the way, did you know that the siren represents manic obsession and death?
I'm not kidding; in myth, they murdered you for looking pretty.
Still undecided, try this:  Go to Google Images and just enter Starbucks.
What do you get?
You get twenty variations of the logo with the occasional paper cup.
The dominant attribute they are trying to convey, which Starbucks promotes, is their logo, not their actual product, though one may argue their logo IS their product.
Now, enter Patisserie Valerie and see what you get.
Getting hungry aren't you?
Food:  3.5/5 Service:  3/5 Presentation:  3/5 Value:  4/5 Recommendation:  3.5/5

I've been to patisserie valerie a couple of times, because I love cake.
I went with a friend last week for lunch, was feeling savoury so I had their club sandwich.
she had the cheesecake.
Food was nicely presented and tasted fresh, but a bit overpriced.
Good place for coffee and cake, for me the cake looks a wee bit better than it is, but it's still really nice.
tastes fresh, and very luxurious.
There are a nice range of options on the menu - croque monsier, eggs benedict, salmon and cream cheese bagel are amongst the savoury options.
cake is mainly of the lashings-of-pastry-cream variety, there are various gateaux, tarts, and mille-faeux on offer, all of which look tempting.
my friend's cheesecake was much nicer than a frozen supermarket one, but since I prefer my cheesecakie baked rather than set, I'm illqualified to judge.
In the past I have had black forest gateax, chocoloate mousse, and giotto cakes, all of which were nice.
Staff were fine, very smiley considering it was mobbed when we were in.
Nice decor, not a lot of atmosphere - probably too busy for that.
For a chain patisserie valerie do very well, and I would recommend their cake selections to a friend.

