I found Custom Air Specialists through Groupon (under the name "It's Duct Time").
Two technicians came to my house, and explained what they were going to do.
They removed all the larger room ducts, and ran a vacuum into each one.
They took two hours to vacuum the ducts in my house, which included a cleaning of the two air handlers in the attic which were caked with dirt but did not show any signs of mold or other contamination (note: the handlers were additional cost, but something that the lead tech explained only needed to be done every 4-5 years).
The technician (Teto) seemed very competent and knowledgeable.
He explained how the two systems in my house worked and answered several questions for me.
He also told me he checked around the attic crawlspace and did not see signs of dirt which indicated the attic is reasonably well sealed from the outside.
He did try to sell me on electrostatic filters to replace my fiberglass ones, and I'm doing some internet research on those now.
At first blush it looks like his advice is sound.
** UPDATED ** The company called me as follow-up to make sure I was happy with their work.
I'm impressed with their customer service and recommend them to others.
Also I have completed my research, and decided to accept their recommendation and install the electrostatic (permanent) filters in my house.

We had some issues but they made it right.

I would not have this company back in my house.
We bought our home not too long ago and have systematically been dealing with problems the upside down sellers who had stopped performing routine care on the home had left us.
My husband and I knew our dryer vents needed to be cleaned, it was visible from the outside vent, with massive lint build up dangling from it (we couldn't reach it).
We moved into the home with NO air filters on the intake, dirt and dust blow from the vents caking our home.
We sadly were sucked into the groupon that said 'whole home' - it was anything but It was 1 A/C unit, the fine print does not specifically say this, suggests it, but doesn't say it; leaving it completely up to their interpretation.
The groupon is sold as WHOLE HOME.
We have 2 A/C units.
The girl on the phone argued this point.
My husband 1st scheduled an appointment for June.
He took the day off work to be home.
They called and said 'we're on our way'.... nothing.
My husband called and and got the standard 'I don't know, let me call them' from the office girl.
She called back and said they'd be here in XX time frame.
THEY NEVER SHOWED UP.
They never called.
Nothin'.
We should have called groupon for a refund just from our scheduling experience alone.
Alas, my dumb ass called back again and scheduled another appointment.
They showed up.
Insisted there was nothing wrong with my ducts that they're perfectly clean.
That my dryer vent will never be a problem.
Mean while I am wiping the layer of dirt off my bathroom  counters, fixtures and all the furniture upstairs AND picking up the WADS OF DRYER LINT off the ground outside.
They didn't even have the courtesy to throw away the shit they pulled out of the dryer vent while telling me it's clean.
But wait, don't expect it to be that easy.
I was told I need to spray this chemical in my vents to help my allergies (I thought it was clean?
) at a total of $170 and it has a 1 year warranty... if you pay them another $12.
Oh and I shouldn't buy the reusable air filters from home depot or lowes because they wont fit.
I have a standard 20x30 opening.
So they left me with a quote of ANOTHER $160.
It's kinda a joke these day that women should never go into a car repair shop without a man, cause they'll just take advantage of her.
I totally felt that here.
I was repeatedly pressured into calling my husband at work after I said 'my husband and I need to talk about it'...
Sorry, not a dumb girl here.
I know crappy work when I see it; I'll spend that type of money else where.... thats why I use groupon, to try a business out.
In addition to the crap they left on the ground outside my home, they didn't even have the courtesy to plug my dryer back in after they moved it.
While dryers aren't that heavy, I'm pregnant, so moving it myself is awkward for me right now.
It was just an inconvenience to discover this 3 days later.
I do appreciate they offered to put in my clean air filter, which I said thank you for.
But he brought down the dirty one and said 'i don't know where your trash is' leaving the dirty filter on my living room floor.
Interestingly enough, to get to the exterior dryer vent, you have to move my trash cans out of the way.

I bought 3 Living Social Vouchers for my whole home cleaning under the Franchise Name : Duct Time.
weary of other negative reviews on this site and others, i decided to do a thorough background investigation with BBB and other AC Duct Cleaning business for a price quote.
the result was mixed.
i emailed Duct Time and they answered many questions i had regarding the service.
for anyone who bought Groupons/Vouchers, please make sure to call Duct Time 1-800 number and then, ask for the local vendor's phone number who will actually perform the work.
it is the only way to get a reliable appt time and ensure proper communication with their receptionist Ms. Alex.
2 techs showed up on time (Mr. Roger Rich and another associate).
They were very courteous: intro, inspection, conscious of maintaining my home's cleaniness&order,etc.
Mr. Roger R. took photos (please see all 5 photos i posted) of mice infestations in my duct system.
this is common in townhomes: if one unit has it, all connecting units are effected.
sold me a complete removal, sanitization($350+per unit , X 3 units!
ouch.
) , and seal up all mice entry points.i knew i had mice problems that the exterminators cannot fix-they do not go into the attic or duct space.
spraying can only do so much.
you have to get to the root of the problem.
from my research, i knew this is a standard price range and if not eradicated, can have huge health consequences: lung disease and/or similar to the plaque.
yes, people, plaque does happen in the 21st century; i would know, i work in a busy ER Dept where we are constantly seeing disease everyone thought disappeared.
2.3 hours later, they were done.
i asked them to get back up to the AC Ducts and Attic space to take an after photo.
I think most people fail to do the before/after photos.
plus, they have never seen the spaces so, many assume it is a stock photo.
i asked Mr. Roger R. to email them to me.
i asked around on Angie's List and 90% agreed it was a fair price.
the only thing was that they forgot to do the dryer vents.
then, again, i hardly ever use my dryer .
i do hope more customers can do their homework BEFORE techs arrive and get a sticker shock .
Duct Time and their Vegas division Custom Air Specialists are happy to answer all your questions.
they don't wish to have a bad review.
in this economy small businesses can't afford pissed off customers.
Please give this business a chance to show you that Duct Cleaning can be a great way to ensure good health in your home.

This business should be out of business.
They are running a fake duct cleaning business.
I am so angry with myself as I was SCAMMED big time by Teto the fake technician.
He should get an academy award for acting the part of a knowledgeable technician.
He and his buffoon did absolutely nothing but pretend they were cleaning my ducts and heating intake unit.
I have no idea what got into me, but before i knew it I was paying $255 for a supposed cleaning of my heating intake unit.
My initial service was for duct cleaning because I had a Groupon from another fake business called Duct Time.
Custom Air Specialists also do carpet cleaning!!
A word to the wise should be sufficient!
I am sure that is also a fake business that people are getting sucked into using!!!
Their SCAMMING needs to STOP!
Please people, don't be stupid and gullible like me!!!
Don't use this business for anything!!!!!!!!!
They are plain and simple SCAMMERS!!!!!!!

Horrible, horrible company.
Like others, I was scammed.
I bought a Groupon and when the service agents arrived I told them that I needed the ducts cleaned because I have a very sick son who suffers from allergy and asthma, among other issues.
I never should have done this because they played on my weakness (and stupidity!).
We are two smart business professionals and we fell for this, I can't imagine how many elderly or less capable people they've taken.
Essentially I believe this company runs a scam cleaning/air duct servicing business by performing unnecessary/unneeded services at 5 times the original quoted rate.
I hired this company to clean my air ducts for $49 per condenser.
When they arrived they informed me that they needed to clean the units as well, to the tune of $255 a piece.
I felt like I had no choice--in order to get the service I paid for I had to pay an additional $600+!
To convince me that this service was needed they showed me pictures that were supposedly taken of my units just minutes prior.
I agreed and they were in and out in less than an hour.
I checked online after the service and see that this company is notorious for this scam.
Every single review I could find mentions this claim that in order to clean the ducts the homeowner must pay to have the units clean.
The scam is always the same--show the homeowner pictures of units with mold and proceed to tell them cleaning is required in order for duct servicing.
In addition to checking online I contacted my contractor who remodeled my entire home from top to bottom and completed the project the week before this company cleaned the ducts.
He said that the pictures they showed me of my air duct units could not have been mine as mine were cleaned off well by his workers during the remodel FOR FREE and there were absolutely no signs of mold.
Not only that, but he informed me that these units get dirty, it's just a fact.
They are meant to function that way.
It appears they use pictures and descriptions of other units to scare you into cleaning the units.
Mold, mice droppings, dirt--you name it, they claim you have it.
Not only did they charge me $600 based on what appear to be false representations, but they also failed to perform the service they were originally paid to do--clean the ducts.
My contractor checked the ducts in my master bathroom the day after Custom Air Specialists came out and he said they were never cleaned as claimed.
My contractor has become extremely familiar with my home over the past few months and has nothing to gain, so he has no reason to be anything less than straightforward.
This company should be put out of business, but apparently they go by several names so a closure likely wouldn't affect them.
Buyer BEWARE!
Don't be as dumb as I am.
When this company tries to upsell you and claim your units are in horrible condition and won't function properly, call a more reputable business.

I wished i would have had the company's name before i bought the Groupon.
What a joke!
Took an hour and 30 minutes of that was done talking about nothing.
Two guys & they used a hose slightly bigger than a vacuum hose and a small brush.
Might as well have been a toothbrush!
Didn't really do much but shove the hose into the vent duct and then dumped the dirty water in the street.
Not really sure where the water or the dirt came from, i think they showed up with it already in the unit.
Seemed like a scam... No company truck, no address on the invoice.
Wondering now if they were just casing my house..Not worth it and wouldn't recommend them.
I hope i get a call for a survey but i doubt it.

Usually before I buy anything I check out the reviews and for some reason I guess a hunch I stupidly didn't this time and that was a mistake.
I bought the groupon a month ago and made an appointment for tomorrow.
I get a call today telling me that they wont make it tomorrow.
Apparently they only have 1 technician in the entire company and he quit.
It's going to take another 3 weeks to train another.
I'm sorry 2 months for this?
I really should of read the reviews.
What a waste of my time.

