Always looking on backpage.com for deals.
A deal came up that I couldn't pass up since good deals on ammo are hard to come by these days.
They eventually reveal themselves if you keep looking and keep patient.
A little diamond in the rough came to light yesterday.
The shop has been an online shop for three years and became an establishment on Valley View and Russell December 2012.
The place has all the makings of a gun and ammo store.
Guns, ammo, apparel, targets, etc.... Lots of self defense rounds and a bunch of plinking rounds.
I was there for their plinking .308 win rounds.
A shit load of .308 and also a shit load of 7.62x39 rounds.
I pick up a box of 400 for dirt cheap.
The homie wanted to buy a box of 400 in .308 and doesn't even own a rifle in that caliber because of the price.
The prices were regular prices and not sale prices.
Friendly staff & clean establishment.
If you're ammo hunting, check these guys out.
Ventura Munitions is bringing secksay back!
Support your Rights!!!
EYE LIKA!!

I had to grab some plinking rounds for the desert.
Great weather right now to blow off some steam.
Still got the best deals in town.
I picked up some more .308 win ball ammo and also some .45 ACP.
$65 for 100 rounds of .308 WIN!!!
FOR REALLY DOE!!!
I was paying $1 a round for .308 Win.
$19.50 for 50 rounds of .45 ACP!!!
So far this spot is my go to place.
Check these cats out.
Friendly staff and friendly prices.
EYE LIKA!!

This place is quite possible the best guns & ammo store in the valley.
Not  a great selection of handguns but man oh man, their ammo selection is amazing and the prices are even better.
Staff is extremely knowledgeable and professional unlike other guns stores in the area where they think they are the bee's knees, this guys might actually be.
Would definitely recommend 100%.

Place is an awesome find for ammo and service.
Lots of options for every budget and the staff is very helpful.
Great prices on guns too and I have looked elsewhere.

I ordered some .223 from these guys on Friday and FedEx dropped it off this morning (Saturday) what can I say I got my ammo in less then 24 hours now that is service I will definitely be buying more from Ventura munitions.

