The very first day was today and they did a great  job.
The food was delicious and authentic.
We (the bulgarians) need it back from a long time...
Friendly stuff.
Thank you!

I absolutely loved this place.
My family is Israeli, so my standards for middle eastern food are very high.
I was so impressed by the food here.
I got the shopska and chicken kebab the last time I ate here and it was really fresh and so delicious.
Plus, the staff here are extremely friendly.
I also really enjoyed the atmosphere inside.
Its very pleasant.
I would like to come back sometime for a drink with friends.
Its close to where I work, so I will definitely be coming back again and again!

The food is amazing.

Was here in Las Vegas for a conference and stayed longer to rest and try some new places to eat.
Tired of the Strip and everything being so overpriced.
Jumped onto Yelp!
and looked for Middle Eastern restaurants and something open late.
BG Bistro came up as one of the places still open at 10pm.
Well, its Bulgarian food.
Never considered it to be Middle Eastern but from the amazing smells and looking at the food around us we decided "why the hell not!
"   We ordered a selection of kebabs, sausages, pork, and chicken.
For sides I had the potato salad and my partner had the fries.
Everything was so amazing even the bread was nice and crusty and hot and chewy.
Everything was super fresh and full of flavour.
Cooked perfectly.
We had a hard time picking out which was our favourite.
The fries were really well prepared and had, had some kind of coating.
Super crispy on the outside and hot and tender on the insides.
The potato salad was different than any I have had before.
Lots of sweet onion, oil, vinegar and lemon style dressing and melted in my mouth.
The service was great and judging by the crowd it looked like it was a family friendly place with a lot of Bulgarian people enjoying the food, the bar, the soccer game on the TV's, and outside some people were drinking and playing backgammon.

Delicious, friendly and affordable.
Updated decor and family friendly.
The items are al le carte.
Warm bread served with the meal but no butter.
The olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
Music is mixed.

I stopped in for lunch.
It is Bulgarian food.
I had some kind of bean salad.
It was pretty good.
I also ordered the Bulgarian feta.
The Bulgarians make the best feta cheese.
You have to try it.
It has much more flavor than other feta and has a stronger smell to it.

First off I would like to say that I have absolutely no experience in Bulgarian cuisine.
However, everything I tasted here was good so five stars haha.
A Bulgarian friend of mine actually took us here for dinner.
It was crowded and seemed like a regulars type of place.
The waitress was very nice and took the time to explain the menu to us.
My friend actually ended up ordering for us so I just went with it.
Here's a list of what we got:  -Fried cheese: Okay so you're probably thinking 'what the heck?
fried cheese?!
' yes fried cheese.
Not sure what type of cheese they used but it was very light and not overly ooey gooey like a mozzarella stick.
This dish grew on me.
- Lamb soup & cucumber soup: If you're going to opt for a soup, I would go with the cucumber soup.
It's a cold soup so it was very light and refreshing.
Had bits of cucumber, yogurt?, and some herbs.
No clue what herbs but it tasted good.
- Bulgarian sausage: Excellent also.
No idea what spices were in the sausage but it was very savory and paired well with the potato wedges.
Very vague review but all I can say is that this place serves up great food, good service, all at a great price.

Since we don't have a single Bulgarian restaurant in Los Angeles, that would be the closest place to get some good Bulgarian food.
A friend of ours took us to this newly open restaurant and to our surprise it was the same owner and even the exact same menu as the old Magura Bulgarian restaurant.
Food was as remembered from 5 years ago and did not disappoint.
Portions were huge for the low prices and I had to take an hour recess after lunch there.
I had the beef tripe soup, chicken skewers and stuffed fried red bell peppers.
My wife had the chicken soup and as usually she loved it and only mentioned it wss a tad saltier that she would have ideally have it.
The free bred was delicious with some butter and home made spiced salt.
The bread could be warm when served but nevertheless it was soft and delicious.
My friend had the pork chop and they serve you two chops in a single serving and they were huge.
I got a bite from it and it was very well marinated and grilled to perfection.
The chicken skewers I had were a bit overcooked but well spiced and meat was flavorful.
The portion of french fries I got with the skewers was a huge 3 people serving :) but I got it all by myself.
..specially with the grated feta cheese on top that melted....yumm.
All in all I would suggest this restaurant as a good way to introduce Bulgarian cousine to anyone open to new things.

We happened upon this restaurant today at lunchtime.
Inside, the small dining area was comfortable, with music playing in the adjoining bar.
The waitperson was friendly and helpful.
We tried an appetizer that was reminiscent of a potato pancake.
It was savory and delicious.
I don't recall the name.
I had the spinach soup, which tasted like it was homemade from scratch.
My husband tried the vegetable gyuvech, which tasted similar to ratatouille, in a way.
It was served in a charming clay pot which it is apparently cooked in, which is also called a gyuvech.
Best of all:  The bread!
It was fresh, hot, and delicious, and they brought extra!
I dipped it in the soup and the flavors complimented one another.
When the check came out, we were pleased at how affordable our lunch was.
The only thing I don't understand is: Why wasn't this place packed?
With the delicious food, friendly service and good prices, there should be a line out the door!

Delicious, friendly and affordable.
Updated decor and family friendly.
The items are al le carte.
Warm bread served with the meal , everything is home made  They know you by name and i just love the food ( very similar to Greek ) U have to try it

The food was amazing.
It was something new that I had never tried before.
The taste was authentic and homemade.
Other then the taste of the food the most compelling aspect was the friendly waiter.
She was very kind and enlighten.

Great food, and a huge plate for your money.
Very traditional, and always full of the local Europeans.
Have a cold Grappa at the bar and step out of Vegas for a minute!

i think i'm adventurous with foods, compared to the average person, but i haven't had much of this type of cuisine.
i enjoyed it very much!
everything i had was yummy.
I'd definitely come back.

We wanted to try someplace different, and BG Bistro definitely didn't disappoint.
We came on a Wednesday evening and they had live music.
The servers were very friendly and the owner came up and introduced himself and sat down with us for a little while.
We had the sampler appetizer, which was very good and then split a sausage platter (yum) and Pork Kavarma.
Both were very delicious and were definitely homemade.
We ordered Baklava for dessert, and then the server brought us another Bulgarian dessert she insisted that we try.
We'll definitely be back!

Ok...I am basing this review purely on taste and value.
I like to usually enjoy good food in the comfort of my own home and though I love to cook, there are times when I just want to eat something that I do not have to prepare.
Such was a time when I came across this little gem...I have been to Bulgaria once, and found that their food, much like the rest of Eastern Europe style cuisine, is very hearty and rich, but nonetheless very tasty!
I had ordered a take out of feta cheese style fries (based on other reviewers raving about it!
), and the Gyuveche with chicken (as it seemed similar to Hungarian Lecso).
The girl who took my order said it would be about 25 minutes since the Gyuveche took some time to cook.
Love the fact that most Eastern Europeans take pride in their cooking and take the time to believe in quality!!!
When I picked up my order, I was surprised to see so much in the bag...I had my two entrees I ordered...enough for 2-3...PLUS they included a bag of their house bread....and these were a couple of large rolls!!!!
The taste?
Wonderful and flavorful....!!!!!!!
To top it off, I have leftovers for days and did not have to break the bank!!!!!!

i love the food and the service at this place , i go there about 3-5 times a week ,lol .i should probably buy stocks there too  food is amazing -bulgarian  and the owner is the friendliest person ever  would recommend this place to everyone

I came here with my Bulgarian friend, go figure ha!
The place is small and quaint, it's so culturally unique because they'll have karaoke nights in which you can catch live Bulgarian music.
The staff are all sweet beautiful Bulgarian ladies, that's definitely a plus lol.
Let's be honest, I came here for their imported 'Kamenitza' beer, it's a must order if you go here.
Also, their fries with shredded goat cheese is amazing!

Amazing cuisine, the zucchini with garlic yogurt sauce are must try.
The chicken soup is perfect choice to start paired with the Snow White salad ( snezanka) .
Then if you can't make your mind get the mixed grill it has everything  and you will be surprised by the amount of different flavors and spices.
For the end strongly recommend the biscuit cake.
I can't get enough of this place, can't wait for next time !!!

One of the kind Eastern European place.
Nice music great food.
Nothing to say bad about it.

Yelp says this is a Mediterranean place, but it's actually Bulgarian cuisine.
I had the mixed grill plate, which was alright.
Service seemed like it would of been good if you are Bulgarian.
I felt like an outsider invading their restaurant lol.
My friend that I ate with got food poisoning!
Be careful!

First let me start off that this is a Bulgarian restaurant and not Medditteranian.
The food was pretty good until later that night i discovered I had food poisoning and vomited my life away.
I had all the symptoms of food poisoning and almost went to the ER.
Never again will I even drive by this place.
As far as the service, our server was a Bulgarian woman who wasn't that pleasant.
You can tell she wanted us out of there fast.
What surprised me was that when she ordered our drinks she asked us if we can wait for it cuz she wanted to smoke a cigarette first lol unbelievable.

Overall delicious food, very flavorful and big portions.
We were a group from SF, LA and LV and everyone loved the food.
Our server was very polite and helpful and one of the managers kept checking on us and helping with questions.
The food- European with a touch of Mediterranean = Bulgarian.
The Tarator is a cold yogurt, cucumber and dill soup which was extremely refreshing.
Another ordered the chicken soup which comes in a large bowl and tastes home made.
For an appetizer the cheese Shopksy style was amazing.
It comes in a small clay pot and is filled with melted feta, tomatoes and egg and spices.
Everyone loved it.
The assorted salad with amazing potato salad, cucumbers and bean salad.
The bean salad alone is a large and flavorful plate.
The salmon was grilled perfectly and was a very large cut especially for the price.
The chicken and pork shish were slightly blackened, and good cuts of meat.
The Melba is a good finish of ice cream and fruit.
Our server pointed out the Bulgarian mixed spice (paprika, salt, etc.
) was great on the bread with butter or on meat.
It was.
The dining room is separated from the bar and dance floor, the decor is fairly modern but has Bulgarian pictures on the walls.
The facility seems very clean.
Service is very good.
If you are a foodie or want something different and tasty, don't miss this.

the food was really good!
tasted fresh and flavorful.
me and my boyfriend tried some new dishes and enjoyed our meal.
they had many vegetarian options for me and a lot of meat choices for my boyfriend.
we only paid $26 for 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert!!
really good prices and big menu.
server was very nice and helpful.
she asked a few times if we had any questions about the food (as some of the words were Bulgarian) and she explained the dishes well.
definitely will be back and will be bringing friends.

The food is good, however there is too much open space between the bar and the restaurant,  and the cigarette smoke gets in the eating area.
Not too mention that they allowed a guy next to me to smoke at his table.
Not cool!

