I needed a surveillance system for my office , heard of this company through  friend.
Asaf is the tech that helped me , I setup a DVR camera system,I can view it from From IPhone , The price was great with no hidden surprises,  highly recommended.

i needed some cameras for my garage and my front door i had  3 quotations , he was the nicest  guy over the phone and  he also delivered in time installed in and out in few hrs

We spent several months looking for the right company to install 4 home security cameras for us.
From the moment I spoke to Asaf on the phone, I knew he would be a great guy to work with.
His professionalism and expertise was beyond our expectations.
He was honest and up front throughout the entire process.
He provided us with a very detailed quote so we knew exactly what we were getting for the price, and we were impressed at how quick he completed the job considering we have a two-story home (3500 sq ft) with cameras basically on each corner of the exterior of our home.
He was able to run wires and get them to where we needed it with very little holes, which they patched up for us.
You can also get equipment through him which we didn't know because we already had a system prior to meeting up with him.
We are actually looking into having him return for another job.
He is amazing to work with, very quick/same day, if not immediate responses.
The job is personalized and you can tell that he has a passion for what he does.
I would not look any further.
You will not regret using this company for your residential/business surveillance needs.
I wish more companies did business like him.
5+ stars in my book!!

I was looking to install security cameras in my home in Henderson, I looked in the yellow pages and got one quote, then looked on Yelp and found "In The Sky".
Asaf came to house and suggested camera locations and the number of cameras needed,  he gave me options on camera quality and recording devices.
He was honest and upfront on all cost, I liked how he priced each camera and explained picture quality.
System was installed in two days they had to run Cat 5 wires in attic for the eight cameras in some very tight space.
Once installed Asaf adjusted cameras, reviewed the system, then a computer person hooked it up to Internet and smart phones.
Pictures  look GREAT clear both day and night, I would definitely call Asaf again, he was very professional and his expertise shows in the quality of his work.
I'm very happy with the cameras and the system that was installed.

I was very pleased with the service I received from In The Sky.
I have a 2,300 square foot, two story home that I wanted to install a security camera system.
Asaf promptly came to my house and after inspecting the situation we agreed that a 6 camera system with remote viewing capabilities would best suit my residence.
Asaf showed up yesterday with three electricians and they completed the entire installation in about eight hours.
I was expecting the install to take 1.5 days but he completed the project ahead of schedule.
The wiring was put inside the walls so there is no unsightly wiring on the exterior or interior of the premise.
I already had a security camera DVR and Asaf had his tech set up and program my existing DVR to work with the new cameras.
I appreciate that he didn't try to sell me a new DVR, but instead made my existing unit compatible with the new system.
The infrared capable cameras do a great job even will little or no light.
Each camera illuminates an area as afar as 60 or 75 away.
I can remotely view the residence via my iPhone or iPad.
With 2 terabyte hard drive I can record about 6 weeks of continuous video from all 6 cameras.
The price was comparable to quotes I received from other vendors and the service was great.

This company is really professional, helpful and take responsibility for their clients.
Asaf is really nice a person, full of patience and very knowledgeable.
He provide all kinds of solutions for both business and residential.
I like this company, the service, and the products.
FIVE STAR!

I own a retail store and this company had a great solution for me.
I am able see the transaction superimposed over the live feed on my camera.
Great tool!
Asaf also was very professional and provided excellent service.
I highly recommend this company.

Called and.
Left message.
Told them that I had a home invasion and neeed a 6 camera system.
They have not returned my call and follow up second call.

