I'm so excited to have a Vietnamese Restaurant close to home!
They just opened on June 4 and they include 10% off for their grand opening.
I ordered P10 to go (Pho with well done steak).
The staff looked absolutely thrilled to have their new restaurant and they were just as friendly!
Great food at great prices.
Can't wait to try more on the menu!

We are so happy to have a PHO place on the westside!
The decor is great.
Clean, modern, and relaxing.
We got seated right away and the staff was very attentive.
I had questions on the menu and they had the manager personally explain it to me.
We got the egg rolls, PHO, and fried rice.
Everything was delicious and we will definately be back again soon.
They also took our order on a mini iPAD which made the food come out super fast and accurate.

What a great place!
This is honestly some of the best Vietnamese I have had.
Had lunch there today with a friend and it was excellent.
We both had the Pho and it was very good with huge portions.
I also tried one of the "Sub Sandwiches and it was excellent!
The Staff and owners were so friendly and attentive.
We will definitely be back!!

Awesome Pho and amazing friendly staff experience!
Couldn't have been nicer!
The place is very clean and the menu is extensive!
Will definitely be back to try more options!

Very good pho, spring rolls were good as well.
I definitely need to go back and try more of the menu.
I'm excited that there is finally some good Vietnamese in the southwest valley.

I went back for more... stir fry and bahn mi this time.
Both were excellent... great proportions making it an excellent value.
Awesome flavor.
The people running this place are extremely nice.
The bahn mi was even better than the one I get it Da Vangs, which is saying a lot since that place is still my #1 favorite for spring rolls and pho.

Great new place with good Pho and Banh Mi.
Been here twice already with the wife.
The service is excellent and the decor is super nice and clean.
Great Vietnamese on the Westside now!!

This is a new Pho place and the only Pho's restaurant near Tolleson, its good compare to the place on 43th Ave.
The price is reasonable, they are high tech I visited their website and noticed that they take online, what I unmeaning by high tech is that every order is done through an ipad.
I normally Pho large bowl (its not large like Da Vang) but its okay, they offer fish sauce but you have to ask for it I also noticed that they don't really have that much topping, you have to understand that I'm Laos.
Meaning our topping normally include fried garlic, green onion, chili oil sauce..etc...But over all this place is good and would recommend for Pho lover in the neighborhood.
I'm actually going there right now..

We were driving around, having one of those days where we just couldn't decide, and up popped this place on yelp.
We are definitely fans of Vietnamese food and had to give it a try.
The restaurant is clean and welcoming inside.
There's a cute salt water fish tank and a tv on the wall so my boyfriend could watch football.
We were greeted right away and the young lady took our drink order of water and jasmine iced tea.
They actually made hot jasmine black tea and poured it over ice.
A little different presentation, but it was delicious.
We shared a beef bahn mi, my boyfriend got the B1 which is grilled shrimp, pork, and sausage over noodles, cold vegetables, with an egg roll.
I ordered the P6 which was a steak and brisket pho.
At first I was happy sipping my iced tea that had been brewed to perfection, then came the boyfriend's noodle salad, which I sampled.
It was delicious.
Everything was seasoned well and not too overpowering.
It's really difficult to find Vietnamese food to rival Tea Light in north Scottsdale, but this salad is well on it's way.
Next, the bahn mi.
First off, I have to say, our favorite bahn mi came on a crusty roll, which was a chore to chew and was rough on the roof of your mouth.
THIS sandwich was served on a soft roll and was really exceptional.
I pulled a jalapeño out of mine but it was delicious either way.
This is officially our new fav Vietnamese sandwich spot.
The pho.
Someone else said the serving wasn't that big.
Granted its smaller than the bowl at pho avina, but they fit the same amount of food in their bowl.
I was stuffed halfway through.
It was a good soup, but the broth was slightly lacking in potency.
Again this is a personal preference.
The staff and owner were really nice and pleasant to be around and were happy to answer questions about other menu items.
The salad and sandwich alone are enough to keep us going back for more, but we are looking forward to trying out other things on the menu.
This place is such a diamond in the rough on the west side.
I urge everyone out here to give it a shot.

Friendly staff, clean modern room & delicious food Wish you longevity and prosperous business

Yum!
Tonight we had the B1 and the B10 (I think) it was lemongrass beef vermicelli.
And of course delicious jasmine tea.
The food was just as great as the first time we went.
Everyone is so friendly and the food makes me happy.
I really can't say enough except that I can't wait to go back and try more things.

I loved the pork vermicelli, the banh mi, and the egg rolls.
I'll definitely be back.

Great Pho, friendly people, and reasonably priced.
We will be back!

Yum!
There aren't many options for non-fast food lunch around here, so I was very glad to discover Song Lynn today!
Really yummy Pho, reasonably priced and very fast service.
I ordered take out and my order was ready and waiting when I arrived.
They also automatically included a small container of plum sauce, and sriracha with my to-go order which I appreciated!
Natch they also sent along basil, bean sprouts, cilantro, jalapenos and limes, plus the raw beef to add to the soup.
(It cooks up deliciously!
) I will definitely return!

This was my first time here and I must say I really liked it!
The pho was delicious and they have great service!

my favorite place to eat.
Great service pleasant staff and service.
Definitely the best Vietnamese place.

More than decent pho!
My girlfriend and I come here often.
Prices are fair.
Only complaint might be the smaller portions of meat in the p2, but it's quite good nonetheless!

First time here just b/c there are other pho places closer to my house, I happened to be in the area and wanted to try it since I've gone to all the pho joints in the Valley I come across and I wasn't disappointed I always get the number 1 which is usually all the meats in XL bowl the broth tasted different from any other place It had more rich flavor to best describe it and yes like I've been reading the service is friendly here and the place is clean this might be my new favorite place to PHO.
Will return.

Thank you yelp!
This place is a do over do over and another do over!
By far some of the best Vietnamese food we've ever eaten.
The place is immaculately clean the food is unbelievable and the proportions are more than generous.
Best part can't beat the prices will be back again probably tomorrow!

Finally found a Vietnamese restaurant that is clean and has great food.
Great pho and spring/egg rolls combo.
Will definitely be coming back.

Went here once before with friends....
Took an hour to get our food... And half the orders were wrong...
Went again today with family and food took another hour....all I had was a sandwich...high prices.
Poor services.
So and so food

Our party of 6 was served very quickly by the kitchen staff and our server was very attentive.
I look forward to coming back soon, I had the large "P2" with spring rolls and hot tea.
My soup was solid, spring rolls perfect size, and tea was hot.
The price was affordable, I am happy that a good Pho place is so close to home.
I will certainly be bringing my family back soon.

This place is on point!
We went in on a Monday night and it was nice and quiet.
The place is clean and the service is friendly.
We both had Pho- mine with shrimp and hers with chicken- the flavors were great and they provided plenty of basil, bean sprouts, and jalapeños.
We shared a fresh and a crispy spring roll.
The fresh didn't have mint which I thought was different, but it was delish.
The crispy is seriously the best crispy Ive ever had!
I will definitely be back to try the fried rice and several other items that look good (they have a menu with pictures for everything) !
I noticed they offer delivery which is awesome.
Don't miss this spot!

Really good food and great service!
The interior is decorated nicely too, and it was very clean.
Good selection of food, including some vegetarian options.
I had the chicken pho and my husband had the beef pho - both were delicious.
The fried egg rolls (cha gio) are always my favorite and these didn't disappoint.
Prices are very reasonable.
Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was there was a lack of veggies (used to wrap around) with the egg rolls and Bun Bo Hue is not a standard menu option - although it was a special item when we were there.

Pha!
Best one I've had and I've had many.
Will continue to go here as often as I can!

Visiting from Los Angeles, where one can choose from a slew of Pho veitnamese restuarunts

Pretty good pho, excellent service.
Very clean quiet place with friendly people.
The P2 meatballs were tough and stringy, and there wasn't a lot of meat.
The vegetable/herb plate was kind of lean too, but they brought more when I asked.
The combo appetizer plate was delicious.
Overall this is a solid choice for pho in the west valley.

FINALLY!!
A REALLY GOOD **CLEAN** PHO SPOT!!!
I just moved to the area for the Cal-E-Fo-Nay-Yay and in the three months I've been here I've been in pursuit of a default Pho restaraunt.
On the verge of giving up of what seemed to be a figment of my imagination, I found this place....
YAY!!!
The PHO was FANTASTIC!
It came in a smaller bowl I was accustomed to but it was a optical illusion because it was a quite satisfactory amount.
The ambiance was more modern and clean.
(Kind of reminded me of a quan nhau... hmmmm now I wonder... lol)   Their primary server is a young bilingual latina, which I think is genius!!!
I don't have to be confused if I'm ordering a orange juice or a manicure...
But they of course they also have the traditional Vietnamese servers if that's your cup of tea who are also really nice and helpful.
I'M SO GLAD FOUND THIS SPOT!
AND IT'S NOW MY GO TO DEFAULT PHO PLACE!
=)  NOOB TUTORIAL:  it's pronounced "FUH" not "FOE"

Randomly stumbled upon this place and it was well worth it!
The atmosphere was great.
I'm not sure what play list they had going, but I loved every minute of it.
And the food...that's the best part of the experience.
It was fresh, delicious and fast.
The staff were extremely friendly and welcoming.
Like the environment.
I wanted something new, different cheap.
This was the perfect place.
I will definitely be back!

I was in the mood for pho, so I decided to check this place out.
I started with tofu spring rolls, these were delicious.
I've had spring rolls before where the tofu was raw.
I do believe the tofu in these were fried which gave the spring roll a really nice texture.
The peanut sauce was delicious, I added some sirracha to give it a kick.
I ordered the won-ton soup it was piping hot, the rice noodles were amazing!
The waiter was attentive but did not hover which I appreciate.
My experience here was great and the price is right.

I reeeeally want to like this place but after my fifth attempt it's just not going to happen.
I know .. it took me five times.
I wanted to make sure.
The Pho broth itself is mediocre.
Hardly any flavor making it necessary to overload on hoisin and sriracha.
The brisket has a weird flavor to it.
Second time I went there I wanted to try another dish.
I got a pork Banh Mi and spicy lemongrass chicken.
The banh mi was actually pretty good but definitely did not have enough meat.
What was in there was about half a sandwich worth.
The lemongrass chicken was also pretty good.
The chicken was cut into tiny pieces and the lemongrass flavor was plentiful.
I was getting my hopes up for this place!
I wanted to give the benefit of the doubt and hoped the lack of flavor from my first visit might be the cook trying to find his/her place in a new setting.
The third time I went I got the pork banh mi and the lemongrass chicken again.
The meat in the banh mi had a very scary flavor.
Tossed that immediately and dove into my chicken.
Opened the container and it looked like a basic Chinese dish with big chunks of chicken and vegetables.
And the flavor?
Absolutely none.
UGH Ok. Back to square one.
Fourth time, I got the beef banh mi and a shrimp and pork vermicelli dish.
The banh mi was delicious.. All two pieces of meat at least.
The shrimp in the vermicelli was soooo dry n overcooked.
Another disappointment.
Fifth and final attempt.
One last chance because I'm hungry and craving Vietnamese food.
I get a spicy beef with lemongrass and cha gio.
The cha gio had little pieces of tendon?
gristle?
in it.
Something with a hard popping texture.
Not excited about that.
The broth for the spicy beef with lemongrass had a strange unidentifiable smell to it.
Totally turned me off.
I think I went through a fair amount of the menu to give a fair rating.
This place is just not happening for me.
I will stick with 43rd Express or Dong A.
THIS is where you need to be if you think this place is the  best.
I think most of the five stars is for the "cleanliness" "newness" and not the actual food.
Shame.

Awesome Phó awesome service!

Don't pay any attention to the other reviewer's negative comments...this place is excellent.
I've had Pho from Texas to California so I know my Pho.
The Pho here is one of the best...the broth is hot and very clean, just enough meat and just a hint of anise...portion size is perfect.
The springrolls are average...Little Saigon in downtown Glendale puts shrimp & grilled pork in their springrolls.
I have also had the curry chicken and the mongolian beef which  both come with white rice and both delicious with high quality meat & lightly flavored & not overly sauced.
Okay now the negative...other than the Pho, the portion size of food is too  small...you get 1/3 of what other vietnamese restaurants serve.
For $8.95 I expect more than white rice & a small fist size of Mongolian beef or curry chicken...I guess I will just stick to the Pho & sandwiches.

CLOSED WEDNESDAY!!!!
Went there last wednesday but they were CLOSED.
We'll try again this week.

Went to this place for the first time today with a Groupon and was super impressed.
The servers were very friendly and efficient, even though they knew I had a Groupon.
The food came out in a flash, too.
I had the shrimp, pork and sausage combo with an avocado shake with boba, and both were very good.
I'll definitely be back!

In my great adventure of trying new foods, I found this cute little place.
Now I had heard about Pho and wanted to try it, they have so many options and such good food I want to go again tonight....in fact I might try to go again!

Today is my first day going to this Vietnamese restaurant, and the waitress she was really cute and nice, but the thing that tick me off was usually when people order a plate that has rice they should give a free small broth on the side.
This old guy which seem like his a boss there he said the broth is free with my rice, but when I paid and look at the price they charged me for the soup that they say it was "FREE".
I compared my receipt to the price in the order book and it was different.
So they did charge for my small bowl of broth.
So whoever goes there please check your recipes and make sure they don't charge you extra money.
I would've paid extra money if they would tell me the truth, but instead they lied to me saying its free and yet they charge me extra money.

Banh mi has very little meat.
I was mostly eating bread.
Because of this I had to order two... And I still didn't get full.
The bit of meat that WAS in there was poor quality- mostly fat and ended up giving me a sour stomach.
I also ordered an avocado milk shake and it tasted sssoooo bad!
No sugar in this shake whatsoever!
I told server that I didn't like it and it tasted bad, she ended up exchanging it for strawberry but only after much convincing.
The strawberry shake was of poor poor taste as well.
I ended up throwing it away- it was that bad.
I see everyone raving about their pho.
Maybe that's their one and only forte.

I've been feeling under the weather all week and figured what better way to get a pick me up than my favorite Vietnamese spot?
We walked in and noticed they've got some new seating.
Beautiful booths!
I love the decor and atmosphere in this place and the staff are just the best.
My boyfriend ordered the beef stew with bread (his favorite) and I had the pho with dumplings.
The broth in the pho is delicious and comforting like a warm hug.
Every time I eat it I wonder why I don't eat it every day.

It was sort of a last minute decision to stop in and dine here, but not one I regret.
It was a pretty decent experience and reasonable prices.
Our server was extraordinarily kind.
Bubbly and always near.
The restaurant itself is very clean, modern, and looks new, though it doesn't scream Thai restaurant.
I ordered my favorite dish, Pad Tai.
It was good, but not great.
They were generous with the chicken, but it was just a tad dry with a little too many onions in it.
I also tried a strawberry boba tea, without the boba.
It wasn't bad.
Tasted like a strawberry daiquiri.
I'd be willing to give this place another go.

I've been trying Pho places all over the valley.
This is by far my favorite so far.
Great broth, didn't have to add anything except some chili sauce to spice it up.
Great flavor.
The only problem is that you really must buy the large bowl to get enough.
The large bowl should just be their default bowl I think.

Wow the minute we walked in ,the service is awesome ( Maria ) gave it a spark, we felt welcome ...
The food is very good not to pricey just right to go Back again and again.
Love Vietnamese food just minutes from our home ...Thanks Song Lynn !

Nice little restaurant...loved that the menu included pictures of every dish.
Food was delicious and service was nice but not too over bearing.
I gave a four star rating because we did wait quite a little for our check.

