Awesome place!!
I love the fact that they played the doors during the performance!!
I would recommend getting here earlier than you would normally expect for a Vegas bar because the seats full up quick!
We had a friend get here at about 9 on a Wednesday during SEMA and he saved us some seats near the piano.

Picture Pilot.
It may not mean much to many -- but, to me --  it means a reason to come to Zerba Lounge.
I frequent this 'venue' even though I have never ordered drinks (and never will) nor a bite to eat (do they even serve food here?).
I come here for Picture Pilot.
Or what was once Picture Pilot.
Picture Pilot!
A History Back in 2009, there were three "bands" worth listening to in Las Vegas: A Crowd of Small Adventures, Imagine Dragons, and Picture Pilot.
For the latter two, I would skip other bigger touring artists' concerts to instead attend their local shows because I felt they would someday make it big.
Having been mentored, by other more experienced followers of tours (or tourers, like some are called), to pick some local artists that played a lot of cheap, local shows, and, go to a shitton of them, I did just that.
I tried to go to all of them.
And that was supposed to be the way to reach the century mark for multiple major artists, cheap and easy.
Century mark being a nerdtastic (and possibly unhealthy) one hundred live shows attended for a particular artist.
(Why would anyone want to go to 100 concerts of one artist is beyond me?
)  Imagine Dragons reconfigured their group and moved to fucking Los Angeles to work with producer Alex Da' Kid.
Worse: Picture Pilot broke up and stopped doing shows entirely.
Worst: A Crowd of Small Adventures stuck around, but never played many shows, and did not really break out of the tiny venue, sparsely attended gigs.
(They may have been booked for Life Is Beautiful; I am not sure.
)  Zebra Lounge In any case, that is one long ass prologue to state that Tony Venniro, former lead vocals and lead guitarist of Picture Pilot, is here at the motherfucking Zebra Lounge in The Palazzo®, playing to bourgeoisie tourists sipping dumb-looking cocktails and conversing about stupid shit other than music.
They do not notice the beauty of the art being performed live right in front of them.
They cannot appreciate the venerable talent -- birthed from ten thousand plus hours of purposeful practice -- emanating from the fantastic fingers of Venniro.
Picture Pilot: How much I have looked and looked around town to hear you again live.
Picture Pilot: You may be out there, on the road, touring with a different front man and lead guitarist, but PP, to me, will always be Venniro, and, here he is playing at the motherfucking Zebra Lounge.
Free-of-charge and non-ticketed to anyone who gives enough of a damn to come by to listen.
Needless to say, I am a fan.
- E

I've been here several times in last 2 years and especially last 10 months because I love, love LOVE the band!
Dana is the singer at Zebra but not sure of band name because they never advertise.
My husband and I stay at Palazzo and come down every night to hear him sing.
Amazing talent...
They should be a headline entertainment act!
Drinks are high priced...
Sometimes service a bit slow when I've girl is working.
But we love it!
Will keep coming back!

On the positive side - the 2-man cover band was really good, diverse and a lot of fun.
On the less-than-positive side - our waitress seemed to be slammed with too many tables (which really slowed down service/drink speed).
The worst part was a very creepy older gentleman (who we were told is a regular) who would try to dance or kiss everyone near him.
He drunkenly bought our table a round of drinks (very awkward).
He then tried kissing our waitresses as he signed the tab.
Beyond uncomfortable, our waitress told us that the only reason they don't kick him out is because he's nice to one of the other servers.
Creepy guy aside, it looked to have the potential of a fun place.
Drink prices were on par for most bars in Vegas ($$$).
I'd go back to hear the band (from afar).

The awesome duo that was performing got our attention.
We had an hour to burn before a show so alcohol + good live music made absolute sense.
We had a round of free drinks because of our show tickets.
We claimed our drinks at the bar.
Chilled there for a bit while I was watching the playoffs.
After finishing our first round, we moved to a table right in front of the stage...just so I could fall asleep!
I hope I wasn't snoring.
I couldn't even remember the name of the performers and what they were playing but I'm pretty sure it happened.
All that matters is that the people I was with who stayed awake enjoyed the music and had a good time.

