OMG come see Jessica!!!
Best mani/pedi ever!!!!
She is meticulous and makes sure that your feet walk out of here looking and feeling good :)

I've been to so many places born and raised  in Las Vegas  and never been satisfied until now !!!
Jay did  an amazing job to my hair my hair looks 100% better this is the place to go !
The salon was very clean and the people are very nice .
If your looking to get your hair done go here they will do exactly what you want !

I am seriously so happy to have found this salon.
Jay is phenomenal, I've been to him twice now for color and cut and he's so wonderful!
He actually saved my hair for me, I was so depressed after visiting another salon who botched my hair color.
I originally came into glamour salon to just get a haircut, to at least take off from the fact that my hair looked Ug :( but he told me he could fix my hair for me whenever I was ready, but I had just spent $210 ($250 with the tip) so I was apprehensive.
At the other salon I was told that I wasn't going to be able to have blonde in my hair because of how red my hair was before.
But something told me to just do it and I decided to take a chance and let Jay try to add blonde to my hair.
I'm SO GLAD I did!!
I went from drab to fab and I was so excited, he made me feel like myself again!!
I didn't want to over process my hair so we just added alil blonde to my already lightened ends and it all just blended perfectly!
He is amazing, and we talked the entire time.
He has a great way about him and could have smooched him for doing my hair such justice.
If you're looking to get some color done, come to this salon!
You won't regret it!
After waiting a month, I decided to add alil more blonde and I'm so pleased with my hair now!
Here are two photos from my two visits here!

Love Love this salon!
Jay is amazing!
He fixed my "bad" ombre that a previous stylist did.
He is on the expensive side but if you want your hair done right it is worth every penny.
While I was getting my hair done I also observed the other stylist and they did not disappoint.
This salon knows hair!

Soooo happy I found this place!
Seriously I have searched and searched for someone who ACTUALLY knew how to do hair.
I went to so many places that had great reviews on yelp and I failed every single time.
Jay knows how to make your hair look fabulous and can create exactly what you want.
He literally read my mind and I got a red to blonde ombre and it could not have turned out anymore perfect!!!!!
It was so perfectly blended.
He also did a great cut and was so knowledgable about everything he was doing.
All the girls in the salon were doing just as awesome work as he did.
I definitely recommend you quit your search and make an appointment here!!
Although the location isn't ideal to me, I think I have finally found someone I can consistently pay to do my hair!

My hair salvation place sent from the gods, I swear!
Let me tell you, I agreed to let my sister do an ombre on my hair, thinking it will be okay, and it was not okay.
I have Asian hair, so it's black as shit and thick.
We had bleach my hair at least five times to get some blond, but it was mostly a hot mess of an orange, coppery, brassy tri-color party going on.
Not the business.
On top of that, my ends were so fried, I had to go to a Supercuts to cut a few inches off leaving my ombre looking uneven and choppy as hell.
I searched long and hard for an affordable stylist that I can trust.
I found Glamour Beauty Salon through Instagram and instantly fell in love with Jay's, as well as the other stylist's work.
What I really like about him and his salon is that their work is 1) beautiful as ice cream sundaes, 2) they have loads of before and after pictures on their Instagram account, super welcome for clients to be the judge on wether they like it or not, and 3) everyone seems to freaking love and look amazing after they do work.
I emailed Jay (he's the owner) and set up an appointment with Juana, another brilliant stylist who did such an epic job on my hair.
She cut, died, and styled my hair fabulously.
My ombre is a nice blended blond now with my natural base color.
No orange shit, no brassy shit, none of that shit my sister did.
I'm so in love with my hair.
Juana did an amazing job.
The salon itself was cute.
It had nice decorations and catchy music playing through out and the people who work there are friendly.
If you ever need your hair done, I 110% recommend this place.
If you're not 100%, you should check out their Instagram account.
I'm pretty sure you'll find a hairstyle and color that you'll love.
#godsent

