I don't normally don't even review a hotel restaurant as they are all damn near exactly the same, but the service set this place apart.
Graded on a curve, this place would be 4.5 stars.
Food was satisfactory and the restaurant itself was quite charming.
What would make me want to go back was how wonderful the staff was.
Super attentive and very personable.
As a hotel guest, they made us feel like we were regulars.
If you're in the area, I would definitely stop by for a bite to eat!

The worst service ever!
We got the breakfast buffet and it was plain, not very hot, and not very good for $12.
We waited for 5 minutes to get our drinks, when they tell us that we can't have the mimosas we ordered because they didn't want to open a bottle of champagne for our 2 drinks.
So our backup Bloody Mary choice was delivered 5 minutes later with no garnish...we had to steal the water pitcher and refill our own waters!
I've been in the service industry for 7 years and I'm pretty lenient about service bc people have bad days, etc.
but I have found a place for Restaurant Impossible to film next...and for a Marriott?
Super disappointed and sad.

I've eaten here a number of times.
Tried a bunch of different omelettes and burgers.
The volcano burger was amazing.
Their breakfast buffet is delicious also.
The bar service was really good, great drink selection.
I must say I was impressed for a hotel restaurant.

Came in here because I was too tired to go anywhere else.
I am so glad I did.
It's a small restaurant that is part of the Marriott.
It was very quiet but they had MNF on so all is good.
I ordered the pork loin.
It was fantastic.
Cooked to order.
Served on top of mashed potatoes and then an apple coke slaw on top.
The slaw is what made it go over the top.
This is a nice little gem in Mesa.

This is a hotel bar, so it has per definition hotel bar prices.
This makes this place not up to a comparison with other bars in the area - however with that being said, this place is nice.
I killed some time in the bar and had great service and decent drinks.
If I ever stay at this Mariott, then I am sure I will come to this bar.
For sure.

Hard to believe that this is a hotel bar.
The building is physically separate from the hotel, so perhaps that is one reason.
I chalk it up to hiring.
I was here for three consecutive evenings and Hannah was my bartender.
Hannah is the whole package.
Hard working, quick, funny, smart, competent.
I want to hire her.
If you're staying at the Mesa Marriott, don't go any further!

