FINALLY!
A 99 cents store on the SW side!
I'm only slightly embarrassed to admit how much I truly love the 99 cents store.
It's honestly one of the things I missed most when I moved to Portland last year.
Granted this one is brand spanking new, but its clean and well organized.
Large produce and freezer section w a great selection - I picked up baby asparagus, butter lettuce, baby bellas and romaine hearts all for 99.9¢  As always I did end up w a grip of stuff I didn't even know I wanted, but its so cheap so who cares.
Thanks 99¢ store for contributing to my hoarding tendencies.
I'm so happy to have you in my neighborhood - no more risking my life at the ghetto one off Maryland/flamingo anymore  Flyer says they had 40" LED TVs for the first 9 customers and randomly $2 bills for the first 99.
Remind me to stake out the opening of any new 99 cents stores because that's better than black Friday (the tv not the cash)

Omg I love this store!
This is now conveniently located in my neighborhood.
They built this place so quickly.
Just like my other 99 cent store review this place can be somewhat dangerous...for your wallet.
I get scoldings from Jesse N because I can be in this store for a very long time.
I go up and down the aisles to see what they have here.
They don't always carry the same items over and over, so I get obsessed and overstock (if it doesn't have a shelf life).
You can believe I fill my cart up with items.
I sometimes find myself saying at others stores when i see an item more than than $1.50, "oh I can get that at the 99 cent store"   It's a brand new store so it's beautifully displayed.
I like to go here because they have produce, yup at 99 cents.
You can get 18ct of eggs for $1.99.
Yogurt, brand names too, they got it.
Need dryer sheets, they got that.
Wine glasses for the kitchen?
yup that too.
Lol, think you catch my drift.
Looking for a deal, come here for sure.
Your bound to be obsessed like me!

Not impressed!
The food all looks old would rather spend a couple extra dollars for fresh stuff!

I love this place!!!
First off it is new so it is super clean!!
The organization of the store is nice all non good items are you the left and food items to the right.
And just because it is only 99cents doesn't mean you only have to get unhealthy foods.
There is some organic gluten free canned items, Greek yogurts, and oatmeal for example.
Now that might be for a limited time only because I have been to others and some items disappear and don't come back.
Also they do have a few items over 99cents like gallon milks for only $2.98 and packs of water bottles ranging between $1.99-2.99.
Overall I am very pleased.

This is a nice, brand new store that's literally across the street from a Dollar Tree.
If you love dollar stores, this is the place to be!
Since the store is still new, it's very well organized, neat and well stocked.
I find that this location carries more variety and has a better inventory than some of the others in town.
There's a nice produce section (watch out for rotten stuff, it's a challenge here) and you can sometimes find a great one-time-only score on some sort of closeout deal (my latest score was full sized bottles of Banana Boat sunscreen for 99 cents each)!
Plenty of parking in the lot out front.
I love dollar stores because I can stroll in with a $20 bill and feel like a millionaire.

This is a GREAT dollar store.
I hit them all in the valley.
I was so glad when this one opened much closer to my house.
As  teacher, I appreciate the value that 99 only provides.
I love to score boxes of granola bars and fortune cookies.
I can keep the hungry teens at my low income hs focused on school work for pennies.
This location is clean, organized, and staffed by friendly people.
I have cut my grocery bill significantly using the fresh, bargain produce and frozen and/or dairy goods.
Now that this location is open, I go there BEFORE I hit the grocery stores every Sunday.

It's awesome there's a 99¢ store on this side of town!
I have my produce and meats delivered from Winder, so I can't vouch on the quality of theirs.
However, everything I have bought from this store is legit!
Nothing I've bought from this store has fallen apart, failed or been spoiled like so many other people say as a reaction to when I say I shop here.
Puh-lease!
I'm a penny pinching, stay at home wife, living in a 3 story house - There's nothing ghetto about paying for less, girls!
lol  Groceries (minus produce & meats) - A+ Cleaning supplies - A+ Crafts (yes crafts), toys, & decor - A+ Pet stuff - B-  I think my favorite thing about this store is the greeting cards.
A ton to choose from, they don't look cheap and I can buy 30+ cards without batting an eyelash.
The only thing I could say I don't like about this store is the pet food.
The toys are alright, but the pet food on the shelf reminds me of what my grandmother used to feed her old poodle mixed with scraps... XD lol

I usually go to the 99 cent store off of Eastern, but since I was in the area, I decided to go here to finish off my errands.
This is a newer 99 cent store that opened not that long ago and you can tell.
It's so clean inside, not to mention huge compared to the other location off of Eastern.
I also really like the fact that the parking lot isn't shared by a lot of other businesses in the area, so you don't have to fight for parking space in a cramped section.
Because the store is bigger, that means there is a larger selection of items, including fresh vegetables.
The cashier was polite and quickly got me out of the store which I like.
This 99 cent store isn't too out of my way, so I plan to come back.

No stars but had to give one just to write this review to make people aware of the three employees that were on shift at the time I came in, Janell, Supaya, and Alex, who did not, could not and would not provide any type of customer service.
There was only one register opened at the time.
When the line started building up, another register opened and the clerk asked the customers, behind me, to go to her register.
There were still 3 others in front of me and instead of asking to help the next in line, she takes everyone at the back of the line.
When I went to the register, I asked to speak to the manager.
She announced on the speaker for the manager and the other clerk asked what she needed and she told her that I wanted to speak to the manager.
I told the clerk I did not want to speak to that particular clerk, as she was the one I wanted to report to the manager.
She responded, I could come talk to her at her register, which I refused.
I asked the clerk, once again, if the manager was coming up to the front, she said that he was going to the back to "check-in" then he would come up.
I asked for his name, which she responded "Alex".
After still waiting, "Janell", indicated she was the "manager" and walked over to me to ask what the problem was.
I responded by stating if she was a "manager" she would have asked for the next person in line to assist, not take the people at the back of the line.
She indicated she did because according to her, the line starts at the back, past the register and counter???
I told her she didn't take the next person in line and I wanted to talk to the manager.
She asked me what more did I want, as I had already checked out and I had my bag and why was I being "ignorant".
Then walked away and started talking about me to the other customers at her register.
I waited several more minutes and then asked the clerk if Alex was coming or not.
She responded with "didn't you hear me calling him".
I asked how much longer am I supposed to wait.
Again, I asked if she could call him on the speaker, she stated "he is on his break".
I asked for the phone number of the store and she said it was on the receipt.
Which is incorrect, as there is no phone number.
Then I walked out.
According to the receipt, I believe the clerk, who checked me out, is "Suyapa" and I was standing and waiting for over 10 minutes.
I am addressing this situation as this is not how a customer should be addressed or treated and if "Janell" was a manager, she obviously did not have any training in management skills and should not be a manager, as she definitely did not know how to handle the situation.
Alex never even came up to address my complaint, either.
WHAT TYPE OF TRAINING (IF ANY) WAS DONE AT THIS STORE IS BEYOND ME!!!!!!!!!

I think 99 cent stores serve their purpose.. offering a wide variety of items- for 99 cents- you know that the items are more than likely off brands and are not as of high as quality as items you may find at other stores like Wal-mart or Target.
You may only go in with a few items on your list, but you will more than likely leave with a basket full of things you didn't think you needed and feel you can't live without.
I come here mainly for bargain deals for my classroom.
I know that most of the items are not made of the highest quality, but I can usually get a large amount of the same item.
I was happy to see they have a produce section.
I was surprised to see they have an intimate clothing section- never know when you may need a pair of undies and you don't have the time or cash to head to Victoria's Secret.
This location is fairly new.
The staff was friendly and polite.
The store was well stocked and clean.
The long lines of customers moved quickly.

