I have been to the new location in Surprise twice now.
Most of these places are all the same - I was greeted as I came in and offered a sample cup.
The bananalicious or whatever it's called is really, really good!
My kids love going here for a sweet treat after swimming lessons.
The employees are great, the place is clean and the yogurt is yummy.

LOVE this place!
Always clean and very friendly.
There is usually a coupon for everyday you want to visit ;)

Been to Yogurtini since the first day.
New to the area and didn't realize it had just opened but my love for frozen yogurt turned my car towards the store.
So glad too!!
Being greeted by their friendly staff and then having some delicious flavors to choose from.
I couldn't help but pile it on.We have been there twice a week since the opening.
Just as great as the first visit.
I have earned $5.00 coupons twice already and also received a $1.00 coupon.
They always have some special advertised and I just feel the need to take advantage LOL!
Very clean and pleasant decor and enjoy the summer evenings eating outdoors at their available tables.
If you aren't sure what you want they make sure you have plenty of sample cups to try their flavors.
NICE JOB YOGURTINI!

I've only had it a couple of times but my wife is a regular.
This place has delicious frozen yogurt!!
Would definitely recommend.

My husband is obsessed with frozen yogurt so he always makes me go to all the different places with him.
Yogurtini is the only place that I've ever wanted to go back to.
My kids love it and it's always the first place that is suggested when we're with our friends trying to figure out where to go to hang out.
They also, on occasion, do a "$4 fill your cup" promotion.
Needless to say, we're always there on those nights.

Nice clean store with cordial staff.
The yogurt itself is just like any other self-serve fro-yo store.
The array of toppings laid out is typical to every other yogurt shop.
I like that they do school fundraisers--but honestly, that's the only reason I went and would pretty likely be the reason I'd go back.
It was a basic experience, making it a solid 3 stars.
Good job Yogurtini!

Love this place!

Heavenly goodness!
Best ever aand we have been to a lot of different self serve places...

Obsessed.

I love froyo and for the most part froyo is froyo.
But I have to say this place has some really good flavors.
Make sure to try the green apple tort!
Overall it's a good and clean store.
I highly recommend visiting.
My only suggestion/complaint would be that they don't have kid sizes.

This place is awesome!
Super clean spot and always friendly staff.
Fresh toppings and delicious frozen yogurt.
It's a build your own dessert type of place where you pay based on the weight of your delicious treat.
There are lots of choices when it comes to toppings so don't be shy it's okay to go crazy here.
If I had one complaint about this place it would be that it's always busy, but I guess that speaks to how great this place is.

My wife and I love this place!
Lots of great flavors and toppings and friendly atmosphere, we will be back many times I'm sure.

We love this place!
We have been here multiple times, with and without the kids.
It is always clean with a friendly staff and great froyo and topping selection.
I like that they have seasonal flavors to choose from.
They also have a nice reward program :)

With flavors like cherry amaretto you can't go wrong!
I love frozen yogurt and it's always nice to sample new stuff.
I asked the girl if they have ever had Taro and she had No clue what I was talking about.
Guess you have to go to San Diego or NY to get those flavors... :(.
Hope they look into it.
My family like this place too.
Wish they had more seating but I'm still a fan!
It's right next to Starbucks and an awesome deli!!!
Can't go wrong having dessert here.
I love the stuff.
Some say it's an addiction, but my lips say Yummy.

Love the flavors and topping options, coupons and rewards discounts.
Has a great over all feel.
Employees are always friendly.
Like that they have dairy free sorbet.
Appreciate how their site lists the allergens in each of their flavors.
Only thing I wish they would do is remove the corn as a sweetener in their flavors.

