Brand new!
Huge courtyard with amazing pool!

01/31- Visited the community on a couple occasions and it appears to be modern and upscale.The community has state of the art equipment in the gym and has an amazing and colorful vibrant theme throughout the community.
Definite place to consider when thinking about your next home!
05/25- After living here for 4 months I have come to find that my initial review was way off.
Upon touring the community I was told my guests could park in unreserved spaces in the garage; after move in I was informed that all guests and visitors must park on the street or for an additional $45/month (roughly) we can get an unreserved space.
Told that it's a standard in Scottsdale although both Optima's in Scottsdale which are much higher end offer guest parking in the garage for free.
(Behind the secure gates but it's still in the garage) and Mark Taylor being built across the street from Skysong will offer guest parking within the gated community at no additional cost as it's a standard throughout all their communities - Also, it seems that the quality of workmanship that went into the building doesn't seem to be high quality.
New neighbors are heard fighting (insulation sucks) although community claims it's foam insulated(highest quality insulation)   -My wood floors are a cheap laminate and the floor isn't even leveled.
*The maintenance team is however exemplary; extremely professional and nice great guys!
Unfortunately I was "woo'ed" into Skysong and that's my fault.
If you have time to move I recommend waiting for Mark-Taylor across the street or a Camden Property.
Both are established residential property companies managed by the owners as opposed to a community (like Skysong)which hired a management company to manage their day to day operations.
**Its important to understand that the information I provided is my feedback and is based off my experience.
For basically $2k/month I expect an easier and more pleasant experience as well as a higher standard of living.
I will be leaving at the end of my lease and not renewing**

Beautiful, brand new apartments!
The staff is so friendly and helpful.
I love the Starbucks coffee in the cyber lounge.
I can't wait to move in!

Awesome new apartment complex!
Perfect location!
Equally close to tempe and old town.
The staff is super friendly and very welcoming.

Having to move from Kansas to Arizona for work in a two week period can absolutely be a daunting and overwhelming experience.
The staff at Skysong were nothing but extremely friendly, understanding, and knowledgeable of the community.
After looking at many different properties in the area, Skysong gets you the greatest bang for your buck.
The floor plans are more than spacious, the kitchens are beautiful, I'm usually not one to use community amenities but the common areas (pool, lounge, gym, etc.
) are highly above standard, and the price is exactly what I was looking for.
I am thoroughly excited to call this place my new home.

Awesome!
Been living here a few weeks and have nothing but good things to say about the environment and amenities.
Nice that it's brand new and the lobby is very welcoming.

The staff at the Skysong leasing office is outstanding and the actual complex is gorgeous.
The location is great as it is less than 5 minutes from Old Town Scottsdale, but without all the traffic.
I moved from Texas and only had one day to make a decision on a place to live and their Customer Service was so impressive that I had to go with them!
Not only were they incredibly helpful on the first day I walked into the leasing office, but they were also patient and understanding as I worked through some kinks in my application.
I NEVER had a hard time reaching them on the phone or via email (which is shocking for an apartment in my experience.
)   Hands down, this is the best service I have received from an apartment.
On top of that, it is clean, private and safe which is the most important thing to me.

I was looking for apartments that were nice, in a good location and had good ratings.
After looking at a few closer to oldtown I decided to take a look at the new development that is SkySong.
I quickly fell in love as there were just so many things that caught my attention- it was just a natural fit.
The gym, lounge area and conference rooms are all awesome perks and they are well kept.
The main office also does a good job coming up with activities for residents to bring the community together.
One final thought- my worst fear in Arizona is losing air conditioning for more than a couple of hours- I put in a maintainence request to get it fixed and in 4-5 hours it was as good as new.
Overall, a good experience

