The Hunk Mansion is an awesome good time!
We just went for a bachelorette party with 16 girls.
They picked us up at our hotel and then also gave us a ride back afterward.
Then as soon as we got to the club they greeted us at the door and set us up with a great table.
Once inside we had a BLAST.
Every girl just had a great time admiring the amazing performances.
It was easy to get our bride up on stage to be part of the show too!
The drinks were delicious.
I would recommend this for anyone looking for a fun and easy activity in Vegas!

Best male strip club in Las Vegas!
Came here for my best friend's bachelorette party.
Hot guys, cheap drinks and round trip limo just to name a few things as to why I love this place.
They have a 6' penis ride!!!!!
Make sure your bachelorette wears something that lets her give it a shot, our bride had pencil skirt on and had to miss out.
Great customer service, they really made us feel special and gave the bachelorette tons of attention.
Thomas was amazing for dealing with all the changes I had to make to the reservation, you're a SAINT!
Definitely will make sure the next bachelorette party I go to in Vegas will be here.

Had a great time at the hunk mansion!
The guys are ripped, friendly, and put on a great show - what more could you want??
For $20 bucks extra, we got a round trip limo ride which was a nice touch.
The mansion is definitely a must for bachelorettes or anyone who wants to unwind.
The host, Thomas, will personally see to it that you have a good time.
Unparalled customer service!
Will definitely be back here again.

We came to check this club out for the first time.
We paid $45 for the VIP admission, which included reserved seats, limo pick up and drop off, and two drinks.
The dancers are very friendly and personable, and the acts were varied and exciting.
The guys are very ripped and give you plenty of attention.
They don't mind if you take pictures, either.
We were treated to shots of tequila so that was pretty cool, too.
When I checked in on yelp, they didn't have light up tiaras but they gave me a giant Hustlers cup filled with tons of awesome goodies.
There's also a mechanical penis ride which makes for great laughs and photos.
Hunk Mansion is definitely worth checking out, especially for bachelorette parties or anyone wanting some eye candy (or more).
Shout out to the cute bartender and Superman!
Oh, and Thomas-super awesome host that will personally see to it that you're having a good time.
Amazed by the customer service!
This was a lot of fun and I can't wait to come back!

Booked hunk mansion after looking at thunder and chippendales.
Everything I read said to head to hunk mansion.
All the reviews are right on!!!
We had the most amazing time!!
From the limo pick up to the second we left it was so fun!!!
All the gorgeous men were so nice and not creepy like some places.
We just had the best time and will be back.
I recommend this place 1000 times over!
Thanks hunk mansion !!

Mixed drinks are weak and I was charged more for a shot of grey goose than a shot of patron!
Shot glasses have 3 thicker walls than normal providing you much less than a full shot.
The limo, admission and 2 drinks is a great deal however the limo A/C was broken and they squeezed WAY more girls in there than legal.
That combo in the 110 degree Vegas weather was AWFUL!!!
The guy who runs the place is rude, the lady was really cool though!
Strippers were hot and we had a great time while there.
If they fixed the Limo A/C and their boss man learned some people skills I'd give them a 5!

So much fun!
It was my friend's birthday.
She'd not been with a man in quite some time, and she was a self-described prude; I needed an environment where she could cut loose and have fun but feel safe and comfortable.
I'd spoken with the manager ahead of time, and he'd been exceptionally honest in saying that he couldn't promise me the best seats, etc.
He could have just taken my money, but he didn't, and I really appreciated his honesty.
(There's a story about a different group who were totally skeevy.
) He said instead that we were most likely to get great seats if we arrived earlier in the evening, rather than later.
The two of us were picked up by free limo in exchange for having to buy two drinks each.
That's fair, especially as it was only $50 total for all four drinks.
We got there early, and the women around us were still too sober.
We brought our own fun to counteract the grumpy grumpsters behind us.
That was around 8:30 pm, I think.
But the men were already dancing, and they were all just gorgeous, gorgeous men.
Those fabulous dancers were immediately attentive and charming.
And soon, the place was hopping.
We enjoyed a number of very attentive dances without having to share until the place got packed around 12:30 AM.
When we left, it was full of crazy women having an awesome and amazing time.
(I guess the key is to make sure your bachelorette or birthday group isn't full of pissy women, and come prepared with a good attitude.
)   As to how Hunk Mansion compares to others, my previous experience with strippers involved a couple of local shows at home, Men of X (MOX), Thunder from Down Under (TFDU), and Olympic Gardens (OG).
MOX and TFDU are just male revues in which you sit amongst way way way too many women and have no real interaction with the guys.
At TFDU, for example, a bride seated in the middle of our overpacked table kept walking into the aisles and *trying* so hard to have interactions with guys.
While very inexpensive, those shows are so impersonal and lame as to be a waste of time.
And forget getting drinks at the overpacked bars of the male revues!
Hunk Mansion is SO much better than those places!
The men at HM were all over us, and my friend got all of the attention she could possibly want.
It was easy enough to get drinks at the bar, and the bartender was such a sweetheart and outrageous flirt.
Any woman would feel honored by the attention.
It was nice that not only did my friend whose birthday we were celebrating get some affection, but so did I as her buddy.
As to how it compares to OG, Hunk Mansion is way better.
I swear that most of the men at OG the last time that I was there were on drugs, were not very good dancers, and only one guy had seemed to actually have any interest in being sensual with women.
Whereas at Hunk Mansion, the men love women.
(Holy moly!
Hector is insanely sensual.
That guy looooooves women!
Seriously, get a dance or five from Hector.
) They're also more athletic and better dancers.
I felt like OG was totally lame, and I wondered why women got shafted (excuse the pun) at strip clubs.
Why do the men only get high quality and beautiful dancers?
Whereas at Hunk Mansion, it's what a woman would hope to experience at a strip club.
I also liked that the men at Hunk Mansion were upfront with prices and expectations, so you knew exactly what you'd get, and it was a very fair transaction.
Much as in real relationships, it's always better when there's honesty involved.

I've been pondering this review for some time...
I don't want it to in any way convince other's not to go to Hunk Mansion, as I think it's just not my personal cup of tea (especially considering all the other 5 stars).
After doing some heavy yelp research, I settled on Hunk Mansion for my best friend's bachelorette party.
Personally, I had never been to a male strip club (no there isn't real nudity here, they stay in thongs) but the reviews were great, and riding the mechanical penis sounded like it was right up our alley.
We saw on the website that $25 would get you a ride to and from, 2 drink tickets and entry.
We called around 11pm (after our initial contact on the contact form was ignored) and a limo driver showed up right on time at midnight as we had asked.
The driver was awesome, friendly and allowed us to take many a drunken photo in front of the limo - the limo itself was a bit old, but nothing worth complaining about.
Once dropped off he told us he would be our ride back to the hotel whenever we were ready.
Inside, I checked in on yelp... both cashiers looked confused when I mentioned the yelp check in offer (the light up tiara) and eventually decided who ever was in charge of that wasn't there that evening (it was a Sunday).
Strike one, but whatever.
Then we were told the price was $30 something a person.
I told them the website had said $25.
They then said the price was $28 a person, and then dropped it lower to $25.
Anyways, I was a bit annoyed but still enjoying the fun.
We walked straight to the back, bypassing the female dancer area, and stopped at the area to get dollar bills.
Service here was much slower than any other strip club I've ever been to!
Some of the girls stopped at the bar here too, this was insanely slow... and to top it off the mechanical penis was broken!!
Continuing on we ended up in the male dancer section.
It was empty, perhaps due to it being so late on a Sunday night.
It seemed weird to me that there wasn't a guy on stage at all times, but this may be due to the fact that there were only about 4 guys.
The guys came over, and like the other reviewers mentioned they tried to take time to talk to us... nice I guess, but didn't interest me much.
Plus I felt as though they were desperately begging for money....  after about an hour we finally ditched the guys and had a much better time watching the female strippers do some incredible pole climbing tricks....  All in all, it was an ok night, ended badly when we had to get a taxi back to our hotel though - apparently our driver was busy driving someone else for an hour!
The party also spent some time in the Hustler store connected to the club which was fun.

Sold!
Me and my best friend decided we needed a little good clean fun.
Having never been to a male strip club before,  we hoped on yelp and started looking.
Hunk Mansion had great reviews compared to every other place we came across.
We called the club for more info.
We were treated great right off the bat.
So,  we decided to give it a go.
The club sent a white stretch limo to our hotel for pick up.
Us two girls had the whole limo to ourselves where we pregamed and prepared for the night ahead.
The Limo was free(we tipped the driver well) we payed a $25 cover that included two free drinks from their fully stocked bar.
All the employees were friendly the club was clean and nicely set up, (the male club is a small section of the over all huge Hustler club/ store).
What a blast!
Most of the men were tall buff and ready to please!
(with the exception of a few smaller boy like men,  but Ehh everyone's tastes are different).
The bartender was an absolute Hunk!
The men not only do a fantastic job dancing and working the stage,  but they are very sensual and hands on with us ladies.
Love Logan!
Overall.
A Fantastic night!
We're both hooked and will definetly be spending a lot of time here seeing as we're frequent LA to LV weekenders.
It was obvious that all the women were loving it.
It was great fun encouraging and cheering on the other ladies in the joint.
We all bonded over the joys of naked men,  there's even times where all the women are encouraged to hop on stage to dance and work the poles.
Overall best experience I could have dreamed of.
Not a disappointing moment all night.
-If you can't beat em,  join em.-  We will forever be Regulars to the male strip club scene.
Thank you Hunk Mansion for an exceptional night!

Came here with my best friend to experience a male strip club for the first time... All I can say is "TAKE ME BACK!
" We had an absolute BLAST!
The only thing I regret is losing the bartenders number *snaps fingers* Damn!
It was such an awesome crowd and the dancers were on point!!
Looking forward to our next visit!

Literally just left Hunk Mansion at Larry Flynt's Hustler Club.
I'm celebrating my 52nd birthday and I wanted to party, so we paid $45 for the VIP package which included two drinks and RT limo service.
Our previous experience had been to see the Men of Sapphire.
We immediately liked The Mansion better.
The limo driver was personable, the hostess Karen was a sweetheart, giving us two seats in the first row, center stage.
The dancers were charming and very sexy, even those who weren't my particular type.
(I'm a sister, I like thick thighs and a nice butt.
)  It was Sunday, not crowded (but a fun crowd), so we got a fair deal of personal attention.
Based on these things I'd give the Mansion five stars.
The one star rating I'm actually giving is because of the abysmal customer service we received from security and management.
I gave my niece $20 to buy a drink; when she handed me the change I noticed that a third of the $5 bill she gave me was missing.
The drama began when she tried to exchange/return it for one that wasn't mutilated.
We were first told that the $5 bill was real (this was never in question).
We were then asked if we planned to buy something else, as if that would impact our getting a $5 bill that was not practically torn in half.
Finally, we were told that we would need to wait for security to review the tape to verify that the bartender gave us the bill, and that this would not happen until the club closed.
(Of course this was a ruse to try to frustrate us into saying "forget it".
As Hakeem says in the Geico ads "not today", and I said no problem.
) We didn't have to wait, but after they reviewed the security tape we were told that when my niece accepted the change, the responsibility was hers (whatever the fcuk that means).
Really!!!?
As Judge Judy would say, that's a whole lot of "who shot John" (i.e.
nonsense) over $5.
I'm in Vegas at least three times a year (always for my birthday), and usually with some girlfriends.
I'm not a gambler, so I'm always looking for entertainment.
The Mansion went from a "must" to a "bust" in the span of about three hours.
The poor customer care was unbelievable.
Oh well, c'est la vie!

I had previously written a review giving Hunk Mansion one star because of an incident that occurred when I was given change after purchasing a drink.
I am changing my rating from 1 star to 5 stars (which is the rating I would have given before the incident with my change)  because the management of Hunk Mansion was diligent in responding to my concerns.
Without making excuses they explained that they lease the space from Larry Flynt's Hustler Club.
Regardless of who was responsible, I appreciate good customer service, and the follow up by both Tenya and Thomas was just that.
I really enjoyed the show and will definitely return on my next trip to Vegas.
I'll just make sure to carefully inspect my change before leaving the bar :).

THE SECRET IS TO TEXT/CALL YOUR DRIVER!
If you purchase a package that's supposed to include round trip limo, they DO NOT tell you how to get your free ride back, and then the hostess will argue with you about whether you purchased the right package... 1/2 of my party was forced to pay for a cab ride home, and the other 1/2 that stayed longer had to keep arguing with the hostess & wait at least 30min after they finally agreed to let them take the limo home!
Thomas was annoyed to handle my complaint, but he did refund the prepaid money for the 1/2 of the group that paid the cab fare instead of getting the full benefit of the package we paid for.
Other than that, I really enjoyed the time I spent there for my bachelorette party.
The men are very good looking and encourage you to touch if you're into that kind of thing ;)  Very entertaining show, though I wish I remembered more of what happened after I went up on stage lol  They're pretty generous with their included drink coupons...

I went with a group of 11 ladies for a bachelorette party.
Besides walking through our group on the way to the stage, the guys gave us no attention at all.
I actually had to get up and walk around to find a guy standing around to give my friend a dance.
We all had money to spend and couldn't get a guy to come over to us.
Also, we were sitting near the guys' dressing room and I could hear them complaining about having to go on stage for another dance.
It was only 10 o'clock, so I'd hate to see them by 2!
While OG isn't as nice of a venue, the guys and the service is a thousand times better.
Overall bad experience.
We're actually planning a make-up bachelorette party for my friend at OG.

I planned a bachelorette party for my friend and there were 6 of us.
At first  we chose the $25 pp package with limo pickup, admission and 2 drinks until I read in fine print does not include limo ride back to hotel.
So then we went with the package of $45 pp to include limo pickup and drop off, VIP entrance, reserved seating, and 2 drinks.
All along they tell you please do not be late for limo pickup so I made sure we were on time, however the limo was about 40 min late and not only that they show up in a shuttle bus!!
Not cool!
And there was another group of girls with us which was ok but not what we paid for.
The driver did apologize and said there would be a limo to take us back.
Then we pull up to Hustler club.
No where in the info I looked up said it was at the hustler.
Again no big deal but would've been nice to know that's where it was at.
No VIP entrance needed cause there was no line and go in and no reserved seated needed cause it was almost empty.
And it said on all info packed sat nights get there early.
Seated limited!
Ok so the male strippers were good with the girls and bride to be, however their bodies were all so stubly or prickly as though the hadn't been freshly waXed or shaved.
A big turn off!
Never the less we had a good time.
I just wish it was a little more organized!
Ands since we paid that much money and then had to pay another $60 to get bride onstage was a little much.

I owe this place a solid review.
First time at a male strip club for my bachelorette party weekend.
We came here Friday night and did a Chippendales show Saturday night.
Although Chippendales was nice, the men at Hunk Mansion are what we all look back on fondly!
This place is inside of Hustler Club.
Decently priced drinks, nice management and beautiful men.
A night for the books.
Highly recommend.

My husband and I come to Vegas about once a month and for a while we'd been considering finding a "couples friendly" club that had male and female revues.
After contacting Tom "very fast to respond" to make sure it was couples friendly we booked our VIP pass with round trip Limo service and waited eagerly for the weekend!
We were picked up with a gold Escalade which was clean and comfortable.
Driver was very amicable and kept the conversation going (return trip was prompt).
The check in process at the front was quick and easy, the girl at the male review was prompt and explained the rules and prices clearly.
My husband can watch the basic lap dances but he'd have to wait outside on the private dances.
No big deal.
We were seated about three rows back from the stage but its an intimate venue so all seats are good.
At first, the guys didn't approach and I can understand they probably don't know how to gauge if a husband is going to flip out or not...so I decided to put the money out on the table to give the hint that we were there to have a good time and later when I wanted dances I had my husband give the guys the money and ask for me so they could know he's cool with it.
Guido was the first one to come say "Hi.
"  So I treated myself to a basic dance with tips.
Don't underestimate Guido he has awesome control of his body and is very friendly!
Romeo was also awesome!
Was waiting for his stage performance from the get go and I bought a private from him.
Very sexy!
Loved watching the guys on stage, the place was full of energy!
Loved the up close and personal feel of the event.
Guys are friendly and live for the opportunity to make you feel special for a Jackson or two or three.
If you are a big girl like me don't be intimidated the guys are there to show you a good time.
They were very courteous to my husband, they acknowledged his presence and shook his hand.
I had a great time, he had a great time!
We cannot wait to come back!
Some tips for others: 1)  This is not a commercial male review with cheesy dance routines where you sit 20 rows back and just stare.
This is an intimate exposure with beautiful diversified men in real life.
They are touchable, conversational and available for special attention in the form of lap dances, stage dances and privates.
If you are not cool with that, go see the missing thunder and rainbow team of chip and dales.
2) Lap dances leave you feeling a little special and little exposed.
Stage dances leave you feeling very special and very exposed.
Private dances leave you feeling extremely special in an intimate setting.
Pick your pleasure!

Went here for a friend's bachelorette party.
We didn't know what to expect since it was our first time in a place like this, but overall we had a lot of fun.
For only $25pp, we were piked up in an SUV, given tickets for 2 free drinks, and had access to both the male and female strip areas.
The bartenders were great, the place was packed and the shows were quite entertaining.
Definitely a must go place for a bridal party if you don't want to spend tons on going to the shows like Chippendales and Thunder From Down Under.

