Love, love, love this place.
From the outside it looks like a place I probably would not eat t.  One burger and fries and I'm in love!!
I would not bother eating a burger anywhere else.
I would just wind up being sad that it was not a Benny's burger!!!
Go once and be hooked!
They also have a lot of different stuff on their menu, I've never been willing to forgo the burger!

For the money, the best burger on this side of town.
Worth the ride from anywhere in the Northwest valley.
Large flame broiled burger patties for a good price.
I am almost always pleased when I go here.
One exception was on a Sunday when I ordered "tomato only".
When I got home it had everything but tomato.
Must have be a dyslexic cook that day.
Recently remodeled and does feel nicer and cleaner.
On cooler days you can sit at a table just outside and watch the world go by.

Originally Posted 5/4/2013  *Under new management*   I went a few times this month and I'm quite impressed with it's transformation from what it was before.
It's under new management and new improvements are being done to the place that make it feel like a great place to eat at.
Burgers are juicy and filling.
They have several optional extras to add into your burger to customize how you want it, which I like...
I had a Double Hickory Bacon Cheese Burger with fries and it was awesome!
They have some others things to add like cheeses, sauces, or even a fried egg!
Onion rings... fried zucchini...
I've tried the medium hot wings.... they were surprisingly good!
Ribs were good... BBQ sauce they use is really good!
My boyfriend had the teriyaki burger, the pulled pork sandwich, and the works hot dog with fries... and he said he would definitely come back for it.
Oh geez... almost forgot one of the best part... the milkshakes are DELICIOUS!!!
Tons of flavors to mix and match...
I tried all different mixtures chocolate/pineapple,  chocolate/peanut butter, strawberry/banana, and of course you can get vanilla, chocolate, jamocha, or whatever.
This burger joint has such a variety...
The staff is few, but nice.
I think it's family owned.
The new manger came around and greeted us to make sure everything we had was great.
He mentioned that they'll be keeping the same menu, but will be adding more things to spice it up like sweet potato fries and a Hawaiian burger.
I'm pretty excited!

We stopped and ate here for the first time.
What a great experience.
The gentleman waiting on us did everything he could to accommodate my husband's need for a low sodium meal.
He even went back in the kitchen and personally prepared his food.
And, the meal was delicious.
Plus, the cafe was very clean, as we're the rest rooms.
What we could see of the kitchen area was also tidy, organized and clean.
Seldom do you find this type of service in a small cafe, but it was clear that the current management wants to be know as a reasonable, tasty and accommodating place to grab a quick bite.
They smoke all their Bar-B-Q meats right there.
We will certainly be returning!

Meh!
it's just OK.
The fries were over cooked and the burger was just another burger.
Nothing to write home about.

Burgers are big with fresh veggies.
Good flavor and made to order.
Nice hardy fries.
Clean and employees are friendly.
Don't sit under the TV it will feel like everyone is staring at you.

Great burgers and awesome customer service!
Very friendly staff.
Cleared our food, refilled our ketchup, asked us how we were doing, and gave my 13 month old son a free cup of ice cream.
I recommend over other fast food chains.

This place is good.
The owner and staff are friendly and the food is always consistent.

Into the twilight zone once again!!
I have written a review in the past, but noticed it was nowhere to be found!
So after finding it on one of my list, there are two Benny's links?
Guess this place in under new management, so yelp allowed them to start over.
Like I have said on the other reviews, never had a problem with this place.
Wife loves their country burger, reminds her of the Douglas Burgers in SoCal.
I have always tried different items on their menu never being disappointed.
I have had their burgers, Italian beef,  pull pork, and much more.
Great place, will be back again, but not during lunch hour on the weekdays.
Very busy!

wow, the best burger i've ever had from a take out style place!
was in the mood for a burger and finally decided to give this place a try.
Stopped in about 7:30 and ordered 2 cheese burgers and some chilli cheese fries.
while waiting for my food the owner came out to say hi and we talked for a bit about BBQ and Smoking Meats.
he gave me a taste of the beef brisket and i will be ordering that next time i go in, the meat was amazing and the sauce was VERY flavorful.
The burgers were also amazing.
the quality of meat this place uses is awesome, not what is expected for a takeout style place and for the price (very inexpensive).
The mayo sauce is made in house and also very tasty too, these guys know how to BBQ!
I can't wait to go back and try some different menu items, i'm glad i decided to finally stop in!

Simply the best !!!!
Period !
If u want a burger this is the only place !
We have been customers for years but had stopped going cuz the help sucked !
Especially the grouchy old lady !
Now under new management we have to pace ourselves to only once per week !
The owner is often there & such a nice friendly person.
Who cares that u r there !

Bennys is like a old girlfriend, we've been through the best and the worst together.
To start the best is food how the menu is so far and beyond anything around.
But I have had hit or miss occasions and I've heard horror stories and glory stories so until consistency pervales  good luck

YAY - A LOCALLY-OWNED BURGER JOINT IN THE LAND OF CHAIN RESTAURANTS!!!
My cousin recommended this place to me, as she loved the burger she had here recently.
So I stopped in.
Guess what?
I loved it too.
First of all, the restaurant was really clean.
My burger was delicious - reminded me of the old local burger joints that used to line main streets across America before the big chains.
The fries were especially good too - medium thick, golden brown.
Love them - excellent fries.
I thought it was a great value.
I went back a week later - and guess what?
THREE employees stopped at my table to ask how everything was.
You don't get that kind of service at McDonalds across the street.
I'LL BE BACK!

Great place for burgers, BBQ and a really good Chicago Dog!!
Prices are good and you get good portions.
Looking for a great place to eat - you should try this place.
I gave them 5 stars for good quality food and nice friendly atmosphere.

The owner is great!
He made my meal special order.
Service was friendly and quick!
It might not look like much from the outside but it's worth a stop to try.
You will be back!

