Move over Yard House, there is a new kid in town... and he actually knows something about beer.
Well, Aces and Ales (a locally owned business) isn't new in town, but this new location is definitely the best beer bar in town.
As a fan of the Nellis location, how does it stack up?
Well, the interior is about 2-3 times as big and is much classier.
The atmosphere has the feel of an upscale San Diego beer bar.
Plenty of new lush seating, lots of TV's at the bar, and even a sweet looking patio and fireplace outside give this place a totally new and refreshing feel for Aces and Ales.
When I first heard about the second location and the 50 taps, I feared that Ryan, the co-owner, wasn't going to be able to live up to the original locations rotating tap selection.
I mean, Aces on Nellis is well known as Greg Koch's favorite beer bar in Vegas (CEO of Stone Brewing) and for good reason.
You will find fine craft beer from all over the world that you won't find in other Vegas bars (including Yard House, Public House, Burger Bar, etc).
As a beer geek, Aces 2 has recreated that great beer selection with double the amount.
With a rotating tap selection, there will always be different beers at Aces.
Today the menu ranged from Epic Brewing's Sour Apple Saison, to Nectar Ales Black Xantus, to Ballist Point Habanero Sculpin IPA.
There are bottles of Parabola, most years of Stone's Verticle Epic Series, and The Bruery's special releases.
Each and every single beer on the 50 tap menu is a craft beer, and many of them are hard to find special releases.
Finally, a bar that beer nerds in Vegas can be proud of.
I had the Juicy Lucy for lunch, and it was pretty awesome.
Just as good as the old location.
The beef was nice and juicy with a perfect amount of stuffed cheese and applewood bacon.
The bar is less than a week old, so they are still working out the kinks in the kitchen and getting the patio installed.
The service was top notch, just like the old Aces, except a lot more staff.
Our waitress Kimberly was very attentive and did a great job.
Overall I am extremely happy that Aces and Ales has opened a larger, classier, craft beer bar on my side of town.
If you are into craft beer, unless you are willing to drive 5 hours west, it doesn't get any better than this.

The absolute best beer bar in Las Vegas.
They have the best selection of beer available in any bar.
A constantly changing rotation of taps including rare, hard to find beers that no one else has.
Greg Koch from Stone brewing has even come by a couple of times celebrating the amount of Stone beers that they sell through.
They host beer festivals throughout the year, which is a great time to try some never before heard of beers and meet a lot of great people in the process.
A must on any Beer Geeks list.

I wanted to love this place and I will come back for a second opinion.
So we got here at 5PM on Friday for some Pizza and Beer (right off the bat we were told they could not make any pizzas tonight).
The bar side was moderately busy but not overwhelming, the waitress was knowledgeable about the beers and gave us some decent advise on what to order.
So we decided on a flight of beers, as we looked over the menu for something besides pizza.
We ordered the boneless spicy buffalo wings, and the cheese and bacon fries.
We settled on a beer we liked.
And waited for our food...and waited....and waited.
Finally when the food came out we dug into the fries.
They were pretty good.
Then I ate one of the boneless chicken wings and low and behold no spicy buffalo sauce, just plain chicken.
I looked for our waitress and she was nowhere to be found WE WAITED OVER 20 MINUTES!!
Till we found her.
In fact three tables had to hunt her down, one for a refill on drinks, the other so they could tally their bill and depart, and me because my order was wrong.
So get this!!
She takes the order back, the cook just pours cold sauce on them and I get the same ones back, cold and tossed in sauce.
B.S!!!
Who like cold chicken?
I don't blame the waitress and I understand the place is new and has to work out some kinks but the first experience was  a bad experience,  -understaffed,  -no happy hour specials,  -no pizza,  -incorrectly correcting an incorrect order.
-Customers should not have to hunt down their servers.
On a lighter not.. if you like wheat style beers I highly recommend the Sofie.
I will try this place again around the same time in about a month to see if it just the jitters of a new location or a permanent style of doing business.
Follow up review to follow....

Came here on a Friday afternoon , the bar was full but the other side of the bar was not.
We walked around a bit then they seated us near the bar.
It took the waitress like 20 min just to get our drink order, after another 20 mins we get our beers which by the way they have a large selection.
After another 20 mins they waitress comes back and gets our food order.
We ordered onion rings, a steak wrap and a grilled cheese sandwich.
The onion rings were  cold and greasy the steak wrap was mostly chunks of steak fat and the grilled cheese was ok but cold.
I think the only thing I enjoyed was the fries but i think It was because I was soo hungry.
Food was mediocre and the service was terrible.
Will only give one star because of the beer selection.
Will not be coming back here!

I've had the pleasure of visiting both locations while in Vegas.
While loving the original location just as much as this new one, I got chills when I walked into this new location.
The fact that you can choose to be in a bar atmosphere or a more relaxed restaurant/brewery atmosphere is superior to other bars in Vegas.
The food is amazing.
We ordered the Arrogant Bastard onion rings, home-made potato chips and a jalepeno popper grilled cheese.
All to die for!
The only problem I had all night was choosing which beer to drink next!
The selection of craft brews is one of the most unique I've witnessed.
The staff was sweet and attentive as can be.
Very classy and professional.
For the place only being open two weeks they sure do know the menus!
Speaking of the menu, it is the largest menu I've ever seen!
Size and selection!
It is apparent that the owners have poured their heart and soul into their business.
Kudos to them!
We will be back as soon as possible!
We are so excited for the outdoor patio to be ready!
Nothing better on Vegas nights than sitting outdoors drinking a cool brew and snacking on appetizers!

I have been a fan of the Eastside Aces & Ales for a few years now, but only make it out that way on very rare occasions.
This was my first time at the Westside location, which is far closer to my normal stomping grounds.
I arrived with another beer snob friend, who had also not yet visited this location, and we were immediately greeted by a very friendly waitress.
She provided us with some suggestions on both food and beer.
We did not take her up on the food (she did mention that the pizza oven was not yet installed), but did take her up on the beer.
There are 50 taps available, and I only saw one that was not craft (Blue Moon).
The selection is very diverse with different styles and different breweries.
I didn't immediately notice the size of servings on the beer menu, so I was a bit shocked when I didn't get a pint of my first beer.
After having 3 beers (the Joseph James Citra Rye was my favorite of the evening) and receiving our bill, we noticed that all the beers we had were $6/each.
I really liked that the place is still new so I didn't walk out smelling like smoke.
The staff was really friendly and the clientele was pretty low-key, which is exactly what I am looking for in a good beer bar.
I will definitely be back for the amazing beer selection and the delightful ambiance.

I know how a poor Islamic Pilgrim feels when they pray at Mecca now.
This Majestic wonderland is split into two significant sections: a fairly casual bar area with numerous flat-screens and an amazing amount of taps.
Your eyes will quickly find the flat screens with the up to date lists and serving varieties of the masterfully chosen beer (seriously, I've only seen one beer there that looked like it wasn't artfully chosen.
It was a Cherry Blue Moon or some such thing.
) There's so many amazing beers that it's actually hard to see them on the screen from the back of the bar.. And I have spectacular vision.
The other section is a Lovely combination of Hogwarts Dining Hall and a San Diego Beer Bar.
Slightly brighter lighting, high tables and a beautiful view of the Keg Room.
Tons of room for everyone here.
This is the section I did not sit in and plan to on my next visit.
The food I had was glorious: Crunchy balanced Arrogant Bastard Fries with an expertly assembled burger.
So Good.
Service was spectacular as well.
The beer menu was said to be out of date but I have no idea how they could keep them up to date.
Hence the flat screens.
One excellent idea: The beers are all six bucks: they are just served in different portions.
The servers claim this is because of alcohol content (which is true: good beer is correlated to higher alcohol content) but we know what's up.
Still six bucks per beer is really fantastic.
It really cannot be overemphasized that this is the best selection of beer anywhere in Vegas.
I honestly don't know where you're going to find a better diversity of ales and lagers.
You're definitely going to need a jet to get there, wherever it might be.
I hope that my fellow motorists, my family, and my insurance company appreciate how hard it is to stop drinking at this amazing temple of hops and barley.
I do not believe in drinking and driving but I was pretty damn close to finding a homeless person to drive me home.
PLEASE PUT THE NEXT ONE IN THE SOUTHWEST ITS A LOVELY PART OF THE VALLEY WITH LOTS OF GROWTH AND TERRIBLE BARS.
THANK YOU.

A HUGE fan of the Nellis location, and my only complaint was that it was far...and then this place happened!
About a block from another of my usual hangouts, Tenaya Creek, I seem to favor this place more because, well 50 craft beer on tap...and food...that's good...
If you're new to the craft beer scene, have them recommend you something.
Everyone starts somewhere- Lagers, Pilsners, Stouts, Ciders...try something new.
They seem to have some special thing going on every night; Tuesday/Thursday night tastings (TNT) where they pair a gourmet food item with beer, Black Market crash Sundays (Refill your growler for half?
price and cheap beer that day), and I'm sure with age, we'll see tap takeovers.
If your into gambling or sports, they do have a bar full of machines and tv's all around.
I prefer to sit at the taller tables around the wall and marvel at the tetris-looking metallic ceiling tiles with my beer!

Awesome food, good beer but awful service.First off we ordered waters along with our beers asked for them 3 times when we did finally get them she slammed them down very rudely then as she was walking away she said oh did you guys want food, second I ordered a beer my friends beers came but not mine I assumed it was on its way after a long wait for the waitress to came back I asked about the beer her reply was "sorry I forgot to tell you we were out of that beer" so I ordered another beer which did not come right away as I believe it should have, third my friend ordered a beer but it was clearly not the right beer, after trying to hunt down our waitress yet again my friend decided to hunt down the manager.
(let it be known that we came on a Sunday and there was only one other patron sitting at the tables in the bar section where we were located, so being busy wasn't the issue) The manager came out to rectify the bad service and we thought everything was better but then she left without explaining things to her waitress; therefore she didn't know about the comped items so we had to deal with that when the bill came.
This place is new and therefore the staff is probably new so we will try again but not a good first impression.

Visited on vacation because we had a groupon.
Nice place, great atmosphere, excellent service.
Beer was pricey, but I'd assume the prices were in line for the quality.
I had the Mediterranean mac n cheese, Yum!
Wife had the arrogant bastard steak salad, excellent for a salad.
Would have been okay paying full price, will be back next next trip.

Ultimate disappointment.
Bar none.
My hopes were high.
Hoping to partake in all the love getting thrown around about this place, but it fell as flat as a sixty years old biker chicks tits.
And it didn't polish my belt buckle one bit.
We walk in and are very overdressed, being one of the few not wearing flip flops or ass hole shorts.
So when we finally seat ourselves and are approached  by a Wonderbra & Uggs wearing young lady who suggests we take the "training wheels off" and have a craft beer, I look at her and wonder if she realizes I spend more on craft beer annually than she spent on her boob job.
Hell, I've been drinking craft beer long before she got out of her training bra.
I know craft beer.
I age craft beer.
I've been to numerous breweries.
Hell, I've made homemade craft beer.
So don't talk to me like I'm some yuppie slumming at an overly smokey, overly pricey Hipster bar.
I order an item form their bourbon menu, an Elijah Craig 18.
More on that later.
We also order a Ballast Point Habenero Sculpin and a Epic Brainless on peaches.
They bring these and I'm looking at these glasses thinking, nice sampler glasses.
but, Oh No, these diminutive glasses are the ACTUAL served glass they charge $6 a draw for.
They are barely half a bottles worth.
And they have no head ( spotty glasses retain little head - beer server 101 Fail ).
And the girl had us give her the number from the beer list, as she didn't know the names of the beers well enough to place an order without them.
Weak.,   And we wait and wait and wait for the Appetizers.
Meanwhile observing the waitresses artfully dodge the drunken, feathery hands of glass eyed patrons, who think, and they're correct, that them playing furious Air Guitar is amusing.
It is, but not for the reasons they think it is.
I have to say, the chef that night was much more talented than Aces deserve.
All the Bar Food ( meaning the Fries, Onion Rings, Pizza bits, and Pretzels ) was very, very good.
Not the usual Barf Food that passes for bar food.
Gotta give them credit for that.
It would have been nice to not have to scrounge utensils and napkins from another table, though.
And who the Hell decided to charge their outlandish prices for beers?!
A F'ing genius, that's who.
Abyss for $40 a bottle?!!
The bottle prices are insane.
Their tap list was decent, but not the great thing people rave about.
Most can be had at Total Wine for a fraction of the price.
Guess that pays for all the TV screens you can shake a Best Buy at.
And that Elijah Craig 18?
They didn't have it.
But they did pad it onto my bill.
Good thing I'm not the usual drunken sot who doesn't look and just pays.
So that's why they kept coming over and asking if I'd like more beer.
So what we have isn't the Craft Brew mecca people claim, but rather an average place that makes a killing off the Craft Brew name.

Get the fuck out of here with your poor reviews.
Bar none, this is the best bar in town.
Incredible beer selection, incredible food, incredible service.
Like any new place there's always bugs that need to be worked out but this place doesn't seem to show any signs of struggle.
If you want the best beers available with rad staff...
This is your spot.

Aces and Ales is my #1 draft pick in Summerlin.
They are a welcomed cold and tasty addition to the neighborhood.
When we're here getting our drank on, it's like Phil from Duck Dynasty says, "Everybody happay, happay, happay.
"    Aces is located on the corner of Tenaya and Peak, a couple doors down from Tenaya Creek.
They're in a stand alone building with green shutters around the top.
If you're driving down Peak, signage is sparse.
With over 50 craft beer handles, there's something to satisfy every beer palate from chocolatey stouts to crazy IPAs to dubbel tripel belgians to you name it.
As soon as one tap kicks it, they already have a replacement plan.
On Sundays Aces offers half off growler fills until 8pm.
Don't be afraid to ask for a sample if you're not sure which beer is going to make your tongue sing and wag happily.
For best service, pull up a seat at the bar.
Our favorite bartenders Coleen and Adonna are amazeballs; freaking love them!
They are super friendly and prompt, taking care of your every need, err beer.
You might recognize Adonna, who was formerly with Sierra Gold down the street.
We've tried sitting in the dining room a couple of times, but service was meh to non-existent.
Don't forget to grub.
When you're throwing back the high ABV beers, sooner or later you will need to please the hunger that dwells within.
We've tried a wide variety of items from their menu, and have yet to stumble across anything that we wouldn't order again.
Maybe I'm crazy, but I think their pizza dough/crust tastes better than at the Nellis location.
Keep an eye out for Aces on Groupon.
Occasionally, they have half-off offers that are redeemable both food and/or drinks.
Their Groupon offers ARE location specific though.

My new favorite bar in the Summerlin area.
The entire staff is super friendly.
Adonna, Jaime, Colleen, Misty and Adam make it such a great environment to just relax and take a break from life.
The machines are paying really good.
Lots of money to be made.
The food is some of the best bar food I've ever had, and I've had a lot of bar food.
Can't go wrong with the French Dip, Burger or Mac n Cheese.
They are all amazing, but that's all I've tried so far.
They make the best Jack and Coke in town.
It's almost football season, this will be the new best place to watch football.
They have a million TVs, so chances are the game you want will be on.

Great craft brews and food.
Don't try to eat here Thursdays.
What I'd order here: One of their near 100 craft brew offerings.
Who I'd take here: Friends for getting smashed on peak nights.
A date on a non-peak night.
Notes: This is a local chain restaurant.
Food Quality: 4 This place reminds me of a Yard House, but I appreciate it because it is less syndicated (support small business).
Also, I am from Southern California, and the Yard Houses there do not offer video poker.
I've noticed some people complaining about the beer in other reviews.
$6 for a craft beer is a decent price.
I come from California, where the drinks are usually much more expensive.
Their selection includes some of the best beers from my home area: Arrogant Bastard and Bruery (bottles).
They get points for having some obscure bottles.
The food is also pretty good, but expensive.
It resembles Yard House in this respect.
+1 excellent beer selection.
Service Quality: 2 The service was great when I went the first time.
The second time was the night a local radio show advertised a discount, on Thursday.
The service quality was like night and day.
The waitresses were friendly but they were slow (slower than what is an acceptable bar table).
You could look around and see a lot of angry patrons wondering where their waitress was.
The service was so slow I would not consider coming back here again on Thursday, unless all I was doing was drinking, and ordering from the bar directly.
-1 slow service.
Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 2 The vibe is great for a date, it looks like a classy new-American restaurant.
The music was mostly metal and classic rock, but every now and then it would switch to something random and terrible, like Alvin and Chipmunks or 'N SYNC.
This was totally unacceptable.
-1 fail music on a peak night.
Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(2.7) = 3

Huge Beer selection and 6 kinds of Mac & Cheese...I mean COME ON!
How could you go wrong!
I only sampled three beers this time, but since it is literally within walking distance of my house I will be trying many more in the near future then stumble home.
As for the food, everything sounded good and the Buffallo Wing Mac & Cheese was perfect.
The serving was large enough to fill me if I was starving, but was just the right size for left overs on an average night.
The staff was great and friendly.
Our waitress was very knowledgable about the beer menu and didn't refer to everything as a # like we ended up doing.
She knew more about the beer than most brewmasters I swear.
Looking forward to going back again soon...like next week!

Great beer selection, tasty food and excellent prices.
I especially recommend the truffle fries and buffalo chicken mac n cheese.

Got a Groupon and had been wanting to try the food here so the hubby and I ventured over here for a Friday night dinner.
After reading the reviews I was worried that we may be in for a long night.
We arrived around 7p and sat on the kitchen side.
There were a couple of tables occupied and three waitresses buzzing around.
As soon as we sat down, a waitress told us someone will be right with us.
And we waited.
I don't know if I am old school but I seem to remember a 30 second meet and greet back in the day.
This meant that within 30 seconds of you sitting down, someone was bringing you water, menu and saying hi.
Finally someone brought some menus and shortly after that our waitress came and asked us if we had any questions and I quickly ordered waters,  Boneless Wings and Zucchini Chips.
She came back shortly there after and took our food orders:  burger for the hubby and Shocke grilled cheese for me.
The food came out very quickly with just the right amount of time between the apps and main.
On to the food.
The boneless wings were not the greatest thing ever, but they were good in the fact that they were not some previously frozen thickly breaded boneless "where's the chicken" bite.
They were actual pieces of chicken with a very light, but crispy coat and not overly sauced.
Good in my book.
My zucchini was good as well.
I really prefer the breadcrumb style fried zucchini-this was coated in a beer battered style-good, but this in my opinion makes for a greasy cold mess if you don't eat them at the speed of light!
Hubby's burger was just your average bar burger, but tasted pretty good.
He is a fan of FAtburger and always says Fat is better.
My grilled cheese however was pretty disappointing.
Sourdough bread with one piece of provolone, roasted red peppers, jalapeno's (freshly cut-not jar), and bacon.
I could have made this at home and it would have been killer!
It was just lacking...cheese, maybe?
If I order a specialty grilled cheese I think it should be pretty darn cheesy!
Anyway, our server was good, quick and attentive and hopefully more people will have this kind of experience and live to tell the tale....  Go try it...let me know ;)

The first time I came here was a few days after they opened the location.
They had some growing pains in the kitchen for the next few times I went there.
No problem, I understand.
Recently the service is getting pretty bad.
I've been waiting ~ 15-20 mins for my first beer.
Which is ridiculous.
When I confronted the staff all they could say is they were understaffed.
I've seen other bars  with a single bartender and 1 or 2 servers handle a similar crowd with no issues.
What the hell is up with this place.
Their food is also hit or miss.

I am giving this place a one for two reasons....the food is mediocre and the service is terrible.
The first time I ate here we sat in the dining area and waited at least 10 minutes for a server to acknowledge us even though there was no one else there.
I ordered the Jalapeño Mac n Cheese and it had absolutely no flavor at all.
There was zero heat from the huge slices of jalapeño on the top.
They appeared to be thrown on as an after thought.
I was not impressed.
But we tried again last night.....still not impressed.
This time we sat in the bar but it still took at least 10 minutes to be acknowledged.
There were two servers and neither one seemed interested in taking our table.
When a server did stop by she asked for our drink and food order together and seemed annoyed.
This time I ordered boneless wings figuring it was a simple order.
I was the last to get my food and they were cold and tossed in a sour tasting wing sauce.
The menu said spicy and they were not.
Lastly the bar allows smoking and it was thick in the air.
Unpleasant when eating.
They have a patio why not make the smokers sit outside.
It's not like it's the Midwest and freezing.

Aces and Ales is THE spot in Vegas for serious beer drinkers!
They have an above average menu of delightful eats...ranging from comfort to foodie in nature.
But the real reason to come here is for one of the best beer lists in the Valley!
Don't come here looking for great Happy Hour specials...don't stop in just to have a Bud Light, but do come here to satisfy your inner beer snob.
Aces & Ales also has a knowledgeable wait staff, that does a decent job in the customer service department as well.
Lots of beers that you can't get anywhere else in Vegas...plus, Tap Takeovers!

Aces & Ales has a wonderful craft beer selection.
It also has a nice layout, with ample TV screens inside to watch sporting events and a really good patio area (only lacking a few TVs to take it to the next level).
However, the food is dreadful and the service (based on one visit) is not much better.
Out of five of us, one liked (and nothing more than "liked") their food.
The service was not very attentive.
When she got around to asking us if we liked our food (after we were all done eating), we replied with a less than enthusiastic response, one in which she did not seem to care much about.
Also, a little personality goes a long way and often makes up (at least a little) for lackluster service.
Our server's personality could be called tofu.
With the beer selection and swell set-up, it is very disappointing that A&A cannot deliver on the food and service.
(I suppose we should have listened to our one friend in the group that had been here before and had a similar experience.
) Maybe if your pound enough craft beers their food and service seems remarkable.
I guess that is my advice: Get hammered and then have the time of your life at A&A.
If you are anything less than tipsy, take in something with flavor and service - Wine 5 Cafe is just up the road.

everything was tasty

The northwest side of town is where you want to go for craft beer in Las Vegas.
You have Tenaya Creek Brewery and Big Dogs to provide you with great local beer.
Then...there is Aces and Ales on Tenaya.
It's the premiere beer bar in Las Vegas.
With over 50 different rotating taps, it's hard to get bored of the selection.
Aces and Ales tends to get special kegs as well that aren't available anywhere else in town from such breweries as Stone, Green Flash, and Epic.
Aces and Ales is also know for their beer themed events.
Every Tuesday is TNT in which you can get a sampler of a beer inspired food along with 6 4oz tasters of beer for $20.
Thursday Nights they partner with local radio jockey Jason Mahoney from Xtreme Radio 107.5 and have special drink/beer prices.
Outside of those weekly events, Aces has tap take overs constantly along with Local Brewery events.
The food here is amazing pub food.
The Pizzas are some of the best in town and the cooks are willing to be very creative with your pizza orders.
All around, this is THE beer spot to stop in Las Vegas

After being a long time vistor to the other Aces across town I was over the moon when this location opened!
Chef Jason is a master at making my tastbuds do the happy dance.
From tastie bites to accompany my beer on TNT night,  to my gotta stop and have that Caesar salad moments.
The staff starting with Misty couldn't be more knowledgeable on the ever changing taps, the new additions to the Aces family on this side of town will catch up.
All of these moments that one may have to endure waiting for items just gives me morw time to spend tasting my craft beer.
Once again I love, love, love this bar.
They will be around for a long time and that makes me very happy!

Great selection of unique beers.

Food: Boneless Hot Wings  -  $8.50 Cheeseburger w/fries  -  $10 Ahi Sandwich w/sweet potato fries  -  $12  Wings were laughable.
$8.50 for like 7-8 little pieces.
Burger was large and juicy.
Small portion of fries.
Ahi was cooked just right.
Pickled ginger added the a great little snap to the sandwich.
Really small portion on the sweet potato fries.
Our server was good.
It took a while to get our food, 30-miuntes to get the wings and another 10 to get the rest of it.
They had a great selection of beer.
Seems like it would be a good place for Happy Hour.

I've had a couple different experiences here.
Most have been with good service and good food.
A couple times the crowd was a little rough, but mostly it's been good.
The food has been really delicious through the week.

Update 10-13-10 I went to order 4 beers off of the menu and after each number I called off I was told the keg was topped off (empty).
Here's an idea shift manager, it's called a pen and a ruler and cross off the beers that are out!

My initial impressions of Aces and Ales II on Tenaya were less than favorable.
I sat at the bar and was ignored by the bar tender who walked by me twice before standing around talking to another customer who already had his drink.
Then I noticed the sign on the poker machine saying the seat was reserved for players only.
I was not in the poker playing mood.
I have never seen that anywhere else.
I thought that was kind of rude.
All I wanted to do was order a pizza to go and get a beer while I waited.
I ended up sitting in along the wall and eating there.
Service, when service was recieved, was great.
My server was very friendly and helped me to decide on a beer since I was lost in the number of options they have available.
I settled on a seasonal pumpkin porter.
Holy cow was it ever spiced.
It had a kick to it, no doubt about that.
It was good though.
When my pizza came out, the Eddie Spaghetti pizza by the way, my server told me I had to finish it all.
Challenge accepted!
This was some wicked pizza.
Thick and fluffy crust with a bit of a chew and a crunch on the edges.
It is a special kind of pizza topped with spaghetti and meat sauce, pepperoni, spicy Italian sausage and mozarella cheese.
I loved it and wanted to keep eating but alas I could go no further.
Challenge failed.
No worries though.
I was able to take it home where I managed another three meals out of it.
Each reheating was just as good though the spaghetti dried out a bit.
Upon settling my tab I was offered a couple of coupons for a free beer.
I will be back soon to try more seasonals.

Was there last night about midnight.
Signs all around the joint advertising $4 draft and half off mac and cheese SWEET !
Oh I'm sorry you can't get that special cause it doesn't start till Nov.1st.
Well you are advertising so whats the problem.
Nothing says starts on the 1st so whats the problem.
Now the supposed Manager comes over says Sorry I'm putting these out now cause I won't be here tomorrow I have to take my kids out.
BULLSHIT  Don't advertise if your not going to promote

Friendly bar staff.
It was packed when we went in a week and a half ago (Thursday); we barely found two seats at the bar.
Hubby had the buffalo chicken mac&cheese, which was enjoyable and well done, but a bit rich for his palate.
I had the ahi tuna salad, which was very good.
Tuna was cooked perfectly, and the sesame seed crust was a nice touch.
Greens were fresh and the house dressing was great.
Unfortunately though, there seemed to be a small bone in the tuna, which fairly much ruined it for me.
However, even with good ventilation, the smoke was just a bit too much for me as someone with allergies.
The beer selection is premier, though, and we're excited to go again on a less crowded and smoky night.

Great beer.
The worst service ever.
Not busy and took a half and hour to get a beer.
Will not come back again.

the location on North Tenaya has a great set of beer selection but they do not update their beer menu to often so the beer that gets ordered might not be the one you get.
The food is always good but the service was terrible.
Takes along time to get drinks and the waitress forgot our food order after 45 minutes of waiting.
Not impressed overall.
Gave them two tries but not a third one.

Gotta drive to the great northwest but a decent establishment for a bar.
Nice decor and atmosphere, great selection of draft beers, menu looks above average fare.
Had the house chips, who doesn't love homemade chips??
Sierra Nevada was here today and took over 25 taps with beer I never seen before, got a free glass too!
Beer up!!

My husband and I went last night with a couple of our friends...it was a TERRIBLE!!
Avoid at all cost!!
My husband has a peanut allergy when we ask about there food it took 15mins for a response.
When ordering beer they didn't know what they had everything had to be a #or didn't know what it was.
My friend ordered 2 beer and the girl came back with 1, we told her we had ordered 2 beers we were missing one she comes back with 2 more!!
Another friend food was wrong and late!!
The only + is the tv's!!
The food is average nothing great.
This place has potential but the staffing needs retraining or all in all new staff.
Very disappointing

Well done!!
I am a huge fan of the original location, but it is so far for me, that we only venture out east as a rare treat.
This spot i just magical!!
We came in for a work outing.
The server, Erin, who was clearly very busy, did a great job of making recommendations and providing timely deliveries.
You come here for the beer selection, so I won't go too into detail, but just know that Aces & Ales has the most reasonable prices for the highest quality products.
The price points are dead on and there is something for every taste at every level.
Our food, including artichoke and nachos, was both creatively prepared and palatablely (new word) exciting.
See you there!

I want to love this place so bad!
If I had to sum up my review: men are more than welcome here, ladies take your business elsewhere.
Food is good, beer selection is awesome.
My three star deduction is because the customer service is horrible.
Usually I come in, sit at the bar, put some money in machine, start gambling and it's at least ten minutes until I'm acknowledged.
This is because the bartenders are usually flirting with the patrons and/or the staff.
Usually when I go to a bar, I like to gamble and usually a few drinks get comped in exchange.
Nope, not here.
My friend and I put in a combined $150 one night and only had ONE $5 drink comped each...seriously?!
Meanwhile, I told my guy friends about this place, they came in, gambled and had all their drinks comped AND were given drink coupons.
This drove me nuts since they wouldn't have even come to this place if it wasn't for me.
At my most recent visit I gambled, had some dinner and two drinks with a friend.
They comped one drink on my bill and I left.
Then my friend informs me later that they comped one of his drinks...mind you, he wasn't even gambling!
I don't get it.
I've worked in the industry for the past few years and I definitely won't be frequenting this place any time soon.
Customer service is everything and it's definitely lacking at this establishment.

Very impressive craft beer menu, with decent prices.
The food is top notch.
I had no complaints about the service, like other reviewers.
My service was good.
The ambiance was a little lacking for my tastes...but a great place to watch a sporting event.
The layout is set up for it perfectly.
I also wish they would have had old standard beers on tap.
Dos XX, Heinekin, or anything of the type would have made it 5 stars.
Only craft beers are available.
Its the only bar Ive ever been in that didnt have Bud on tap.
Not that Ive ever ordered Bud at a bar...Im just saying.

I came to this location for a holiday work party get together.
I am not a really big beer drinker, but I did appreciate all the dedication A&A puts in to providing its customers with a wide variety of beers.
I chose an apple cider beer and it was very good and refreshing.
I liked how the bar was separate from the dining area.
It made it feel almost like 2 different places.
A dark and quiet bar on one side and a bright airy dining room on the other side.
There is a back room for parties and a patio for some fresh air.
The menu provides a wide variety of choices to chose from, salads, pizza, sandwiches, appetizers, main dishes.
Our group loved the pizza, burgers, and wraps.
They do offer mixed drinks and wine if beer is not your friend.
I am not a huge sports fan but I was kept entertained by the numerous TVs mounted.
The wait staff did seem a bit frazzled and skipped over some of us in the party.
Food took a while to come out and drinks were not refilled as often as I think they should have been and orders were mixed up as to who they went to when they came out but we were a party of almost 20 so that could have factored in to their confusion.
I hope to come back to try some more of their menu items and another cider beer.

BEER is great here.
Tons of selection so you never get bored.
The service is great on some nights but on some nights it sucks.
Unless you sit at the bar.
Food is actually pretty good for being a bar.
Also, Alicia worst server NA.

It only one star because there is not a way to give this place no stars.
Don't waste your time with this place.
Half the craft brews they  have on the menu are tapped out.
Had to order 2 beers at a time to not be empty handed for 20 minutes or more.
The place wasn't busy.
Our entire group can't believe how this place stays in business.
Took  over 45 minutes to get our food that half of it came out wrong, and not good either.
Terrible service, marginal eats, and a beer list that breaks your heart at every turn.
If you are in the area go anywhere else, probably have a better time at mountain view hospitals cafeteria.
I'm married but my single friends came with us and not a single, single lady in the building.

Ate here on Sat, Dec. 21st at around 6pm.
Had a Groupon.
There was not a hostess.
We waited about 10 minutes and then seated our self.
It was just my wife and I.
Tables are huge, easily seating 8 or more people.
We then sat for about 15 minutes until someone came to check on us.
Waitress then took our drink order and we got our drinks about 5 minutes later.
She then did not return for another 10 minutes or so.
Finally place our order.
We ordered an appetizer and two entrees.
Got our appetizer about 15 minutes after we ordered it.
The entrees it not come out till at least 30 minutes after ordering.
So we basically got our food after an hour of waiting....:(  and it was not really that busy.
Food was ok, but fries were EXTRA crispy.
Probably will not be back.
Timbers has better food and MUCH better service.

Awesome electronic beer board.
Great selection.
Very cool atmosphere.
Staff was very nice.
Good service.
Tried a couple appetizers, chicken tenders and zucchini chips.
Both were very good.
This is quite a drive for me, but I will definitely go again.

Been here a handful of times.
Started out well (good food,service,beer selection).
Went sour over time (rude bartenders, food not up to par).
I usually play the gaming games at the bar, but have to ask about comping drinks every time I go in there once the check comes no matter if I lose $20 or $100.
And when I do ask, I'm rudely told all these exceptions to why I wasn't initially comped.
Not sure why, but the bartenders don't like to welcome back guests and work for tips.
Went in there for my birthday the last time.
I ate dinner, drank a few beers, gambled about $100, and got a check for the full amount of $60 for everything I ordered.
I was even carded and the bartender didn't even care to tell me happy birthday.
I felt as if I was not welcome to be there based on the bartender's attitude the moment I sat down.
I normally invite friends each time I go, but I think I'll go else where from now on.

I live in the neighborhood, I looked the menu up online and decided that the man and I would go to a nice Nevada style tavern.
Walk in and nice high seats that encourage community seating.
Super fun!
Lots of big TVs.
Lots of beer.
What isn't to love?
Oh, just about everything!
I order the beer bites.
Pizza dough balls with three sauces for dipping.
Yum-o!
That and my drink were about the ONLY decent things about this place.
(And the tomato soup).
The drink I had was some martini, whatever the chocolate/caramel/coconut one is, I had it.
My male companion ordered a margarita and the bartender didn't put a salt rim on it...you are bartender right?
How do you not know to do that??
Everything on the menu sounds amazing, I will have one of everything!
We decided that we were in a bar food burger kind of mood.
***Note to our waitress, Erin, WRITE THINGS DOWN!!!!
I ordered a simple cheeseburger with Swiss and cheddar, well done.
My super hot date ordered a bacon cheeseburger with Swiss, she had to ask him again to clarify his order.
Maybe she should have WRITTEN THINGS DOWN at this point if she couldn't remember.
We get our burgers.
They look sooo good, I want to devour it.
I take a bite, it's like the best burger I ever had, until my next bite included a half melted bite of AMERICAN cheese.
Gross.
But you know, no one WROTE MY ORDER down.
He cut into his burger which looked so tasty I wouldn't let him eat it until I posted a photo of it to Facebook.
And it's covered in BBQ sauce.
No, he didn't order the BBQ burger he ordered a bacon cheeseburger.
Hmmm.
She even asked him didn't he order a BBQ burger?
Well, if you had WRITTEN THE ORDER down on a piece of paper you could have seen that no, he did not, he ordered a bacon cheeseburger.
Both burgers had to be redone.
And again, she has to ask us what our burgers were.
WRITE IT THE EFF DOWN IF YOU CAN'T REMEMBER!!
We get our burgers, simple cheeseburgers after an eternity, his is great.
Mine however, must have been grilled where the hottest peppers in all the world were because my lips were on fire to the point where I was crying.
My dude asked if they season the meat and she said no, so obviously someone didn't clean the grill.
Gee, thanks, for the most unpleasant burger experience ever.
Our server did offer to make me something else.
And wait a third time for food?
No thanks.
I will have better luck at home at this point.
Our burgers were generously taken off the bill, but we were still charged for fries and soup which COME with the burgers.
Personally, I think after messing up both burgers once and having a replacement sent back for ungodly spicy-ness that a visit from a manager would have been appreciated or the entire bill save for our alcoholic drinks comped.
Our bill came to $35.00 after our $10.00 cheeseburgers were taken off which would have made our bill $55.00 ish.
We tipped $10.00 for terrible service (we had to remind her about waters we ordered, drinks took forever to be delivered to our table-we could see them sitting on the bar, we had to ask for appetizer plates, the menus which LITERALLY are nearly half the size of the table were never picked up, and the ordering debacle..she did not deserve that tip at all!
It wasn't even busy, she had two tables, one guy and the two of us!
) Of course maybe the cooks couldn't read her...oh, wait, she didn't WRITE ANYTHING DOWN, so there was nothing to read....
So who really knows why I got american instead of cheddar cheese.
And I doubt she poured pepper spray on my second burger, but the tip I really wanted to leave is...  ERIN.
WRITE.
DOWN.
YOUR.
ORDERS.
I wanted to write it on the check so the manager could see it, but I left a cash tip and didn't want to end up on Facebook looking like a cheapskate who doesn't know how to tip on a bill even with things taken off and a snarky comment which I saved for Yelp so everyone can see it.
My advice is IF you visit this place ask your server to write your order down so there is no confusion.
Don't go expecting good, prompt service.
The food is delicious...the stuff that comes out CORRECT from the kitchen anyway.
If you don't go out often and you want to treat yourself to a nice evening out to just relax and enjoy good food, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE TO DO THAT!
I can promise I will NOT be back.
On a happy note I had a banana and strawberries at home for dinner, I wrote it down and nothing got messed up, I give myself five stars for great service!

The food here is pretty damm good.
I was real suprised with their Seared Ahi Asian Salad.
Hamburger was grilled perfectly and paired with the right toppings.
Their pizzas are great value with good happy hour specials.
The Eddie Spaghetti is a combination of eating spaghetti and pizza.
It's a massive carb overload.
They should have an eating contest if someone can eat the whole thing.
It's filling - after 2 slices i get the meat sweats.
So why 3 stars?
Well the service is pretty bad.
We try to grab a table right by the kitchen.
After watching my friend wait for her pretzel app on the food line for 5-10 mins, I took more initiative and grabbed my salad from the line.
I talked to the chef and asked him for sides of ranch b/c our server was no where in site.
I felt like I was part NFL playoff spectator, part time customer, and part time expediter.
I bet they wouldnt even notice if i jacked a couple plates of food and pulled a 5 finger!
Food is great but dont expect 5 star service!

I will be back every time I am in Vegas...
In town for a business trip and wanted to get away from the strip - looked this place up and headed over on a Saturday night - was not disappointed.
The beer selection was great - lot of new stuff I don't normally have access to (live on the east coast) - the bartenders were great in letting me try somethings before settling in on what I wanted to drink.
I also loved that you could create your own tasting flight.
Food was good - I had the cheese curds and a stuffed burger - both were done well and tasty.
Service was great - both bartenders I had that night were very friendly and quick with service.
Overall, this is the type of bar if I lived near it, I would be there almost weekly - I liked it that much.

Great food.
Awesome beer.
Always a good time.
Crystal was super awesome, great service!
Austin is the new bartender and super helpful and awesome!

Great place  amazing beer selection and the food is outstanding.
I highly recommend Aces & Ales if your in Vegas

Came in with my boyfriend and we sat at the bar.
We were greeted immediately and beers explained to us as well as samples offered.
We ordered our food..
Fish tacos and stuffed burger ..
They were both delicious .. Oh yea we got the sea salt and vinegar chips to start .... Yummmmmmm!
Over all had a good experience here and will definately suggest it to others...

This place had been bookmarked for awhile.
My husband and I ordered beers and had a question about a couple others.
Waitress was nice and gave a sample of beer in question, which ultimately ended up with another beer purchase.
Where the dinner started falling apart is in the kitchen.
I ordered a stuffed burger medium well.
The burger was raw, and the waitress even commented about how raw the burger was and would send it back.
Apparently this happened several times this night as she said she had to send several burgers back.
When my burger finally comes back out after another 20 minutes, it didn't come with any aioli.
Additionally they gave me regular fries on the 3rd attempt instead of sweet potato fries.
I didn't have time to try and get it right as we spent 1.5 hours getting food and already had plans and needed to quickly go.
I had to leave after only eating a small portion of my food as I was running late for our next obligation.
Sadly, a place I was really looking forward to trying ending up being a place I will never go back to.

Food was good & a very lengthy selection of beers & cocktails with a great set of music.
Server was very friendly

Aces & Ales is one of the handful of places that offer craft brew and I'm excited to have a location on this side of town since the SE location makes it to where we don't go often.
I wasn't up for a beer but the BF got a Nitro tapped stout Hauling Oates which I think was superior on the tap than the bottle.
We shared our two sandwiches.
Jalapeno popper grilled cheese- they use fresh jalapenos and it definitely had some kick.
It was crispy, but not overly greasy, right amount of cheese and jalapenos for me.
I think the only thing I could say badly was for cheese, white bread and a jalapeno $10 might not be worth it.
Turkey, avocado & bacon - this was a pretty yummy sandwich.
It's not the typical turkey club bar sandwich as it came on a ciabatta and had a nice basil mayo in it.
The portion was pretty generous with the meat.
Sandwiches come with either regular fries or sweet potato so we did with one of each.
Both options are solid, came crispy and well seasoned.
It seems their service is spotty based on other reviews and this is where I was a little worried about dining here.
Our gal was nice and I thought it was decent service considering she was the only one working the floor and others were the bar.
We got our food and refills at acceptable intervals.
I think their bar food is above average greasy spoon fare and worth trying and their tap selection is one of the better you will find in town.
I definitely will be back.

Been to both this location and Nellis.
Not sure if just females get ignored or if they just don't care that someone has been sitting and waiting for 20 minutes.
Overall, expect absolutely terrible service.
My wine's price on my receipt was higher than what's printed on the menu, and food is usually burnt or takes forever and a day to come out.
I've been coming in since they opened in hopes of it getting better, and it's come to this...I'm sorry, but I come in expecting horrible service most of the time.

Don't just stand there like an idiot, if there are no hostess or anyone to greet you when you walk in, just claim a seat at the bar or stake a claim to any table and make yourself at home.
Just don't get too carried away and take off your smelly shoes or walking around in your undies.
Exceptions will however be granted on a case by case basis, but don't even bother unless you can make playing rock, paper, scissor look sexy similar to what the MMA ring girls can do just by breathing.
So you think you are into craft beers?
Then buddy, this might be the place for you to hit up.
They have 30+ selections on the craft beer list and is updated frequently.
Just keep in mind that their inventory does not seem to be very deep, therefore your first couple of selections may be unavailable.
I don't drink, but there are occasions when I feel like watch the latest game and getting something to eat at bars like Aces & Ales.
Lucky for me, their burgers and salads are above average in the bar food category.
If you want good service, then sit your ass at the bar.
The tables along the wall and on the other side of the bar are for larger parties, but service level is not so great (which was mentioned in several previous reviews).
So on this particular occasion I ordered myself the Arrogant Bastard Steak Salad.
It was an entrée sized salad with nicely cooked steak sliced up served on top of mixed greens.
If you are not in the mode for an above average burger from a bar, consider ordering this.
You will probably send me a message thanking me later.
A friend of mine was being adventurous or maybe just looking to find a decent Chicken and Waffle spot in Las Vegas, so that was what he ordered.
I tried some of it, but we both agreed that it was no bueno.
Mucho disappointed, my friend was, as he was wishing he had gone the route of an entrée salad.
Well, that was the tiny voice of experience that I did not ignored this time.
We also split an order of Fried Cheese Curds, with the dipping sauces it was a decent appetizer.
I am sure it will not be hard to finish this as you engross yourself in the games shown on TV or the video poker at the bar while snacking.
Anyway, great spot for craft beer lovers and a hidden gem for above average bar foods.
Review #7 of 2014

They have a sign that says "We Promote Communal Eating"...
Okay.... Well, when there are only 6 or 7 other people in the whole restauraunt and you watch people walk in, and they just stand around because there's no sign that says "serve yourself", you figure you could say something.
I was tempted to walk out because of the lack of service.
There's 1 guy at the bar, taking care of people, and 1 woman walking around... doing who know's what?
A group of 4 people walk in, that's pretty obvious, and yet we don't get acknowledged whatsoever.
We come to sit ourselves so we don't make the situation even more awkward and our server comes over within a minute.
We didn't have much time to look over the "beer menu" before being asked but my friends made their decisions.
We got the Nacho Average Nachos and grilled artichoke.
Guys, if you want artichoke, just make it at home.
It was really well seasoned but not worth $9, in the slightest.
The nachos actually did seem pretty average to me.
No beans, just chips, cheese, and mango/pineapple pico de gallo  with jalapenos.
Also something I would just rather make at home, for much cheaper.
I was really excited about this place, as a vegetarian, since it has a full grilled cheese and mac n cheese menu.
I got the Southsider grilled cheese and I have to say, it was pretty damn amazing.
It was the redeeming factor.
Their fries were pretty damn tastey as well.
My friends ordered the Moondog grilled cheese and buffalo chicken mac n cheese.
They said the Moondog was surprisingly spicy, but tasty and DEFINITELY recommended the buffalo chicken mac n cheese.
Also, get the deep fried oreos.
You won't regret it, they were amazing.
I'd never had them before but I will get them again if I come back!!
Overall, with our Groupon that covered $30, there was still a $70 balance or so which is a bit more than I expected it to be.
I mean, there were two appetizers, three entrees, a desert, and 5 beers so it was a good amount of stuff for $100 but I didn't feel like it was worth it... Maybe it was the fact that we spent $20 alone on two appetizers that weren't that satisfying.
p.s.
The music was all over the place.
Country for the most part but then it would randomly change....

After weeks of trying to come here I finally got to try it today.
The beers are pretty decent.
I only say that because I am NOT a beer drinker.
I got the Brainless On Peaches beer which was 10.5% alcohol which had me feelin some type of way!
Lol   For foods we got the cheese curds for appetizer which were pretty good.
I also got the Cajun Mac & cheese.
It was decent.
My beau got the chicken and waffles and he didn't really think it was anything special.
Our server, Krystal, was the only server working the entire bar.
She was helpful but of course service was on a slower side but she really did her best to make her rounds.
She was delightful.
Happy hour-- half off mac&cheese and beers are all 4$.
I didn't make it to happy hour

I give A&A an A-OK rating mainly due to their selection of beers.
I most recently enjoyed their flight of six 4oz beers for $16.
My favorite of the flight was the Anderson Valley Wild Turkey Bourbon Barrel Stout.
I  have found the service to be hit or miss on my visits and they need to do something about the bathrooms that reek as you walk in.
The only other thing to get around is all the communal seating which is fine for Oktoberfest or any other beer fest but not everyday drinking.
Ultimately, weird bar/restaurant layout and service model but the beer wins in the end.

Went for the 107.5 radio event on a few different Thursday nights.
I'm not much of a beer connoisseur so I really relied on the bartenders to help me find something I would like.
They were so patient and found me my perfect beer.
Now on to the food.
We tried a lot of things with the standouts being the mac and cheese with lobster (yum), wings (perfectly cooked and tasty), prime rib dip and saving the best for last......the spaghetti pizza!
This thing is insane and made me the envy of my whole section.
Deep dish and layered with pepperoni, what seemed like several types of Italian sausage and of course spaghetti.
It is a lot to eat, probably weighs in at 20 lbs, so bring reinforcements.
I had 3 other people and still took almost half to my teenage son who immediately fell in love with the pizza.
Oh and their ranch is to die for.
Asked for a gallon to go...eh I tried anyway.
Waiting for this pizza to show up on one of those best eats shows.
DO IT!

Came a few times on lunch break- you can call it in and it will be ready when you arrive!
Great service, also there frequently on groupon!
You have to have the salt and vinegar chips!

Exellent Beer List that gets updated and changes frequently.
Great Mac' n' cheese.
The Bar tender Matt is a beer guru and introduced me to some new beers that are amazing.

If you want to wait more that one hour four your order this is the place!
And if you want to meet a owner that don't have any idea what is he doing this is the places!
Good luck

I have never had anything bad here.
Food is delicious and made from scratch!!!
I always have really good service.
Friendly place.
The location is kind of hidden but it is a gem!
Oh yeah, lots of tasty beer too!

I'm so glad this location opened in the northwest, the first site is just too far for me.
BEER SNOBS come here!
Up to FIFTY excellent craft brews on tap, plus an extensive bottle collection, even a few cans (Oskar Blues).
I'm a hop head and there are at least 10 varieties of IPAs on the menu every time I've been here, plus plenty of reds, browns, stouts, and lagers of all styles.
PLUS sour beers!
You have not lived until you've tried a gueze (extremely sour beer, an acquired taste).
My favorite bartender so far is Matt (SING: "His name is my name too!
"), he is very passionate and knowledgeable about beer and even cracked open a bottle of Lips of Faith to share with us at the end of his shift when he heard two of my companions hadn't had any sour brews before.
Oh, and they do growler fills, bring your own or buy one there.
I also was able to get 1 oz tastes of quite a few before ordering.
FOOD!
It's pretty dang good, they've thinned out the menu recently, no more Capt.
Crunch waffles (never tried it) or Greek style Mac n cheese (meh, wasn't great) or their salmon entree (sorry to see that go, I liked it).
I was super hungry this time so I ordered the damn Arrogant Bastard onion rings (not bad, couldn't really taste the AB) and the ahi tuna salad (fantastic after I added avocado).
My friend had the steak wrap & she liked it.
After midnight, their happy hour kicks in, their Mac n cheese is $5, so I tried it Cajun style, with andoullie sausage, which was also excellent.
MUSIC: There's a TouchTunes jukebox so you can throw your songs on without having to even leave your seat!
Plus there's the added fun of anonymously Rick Rolling the bar, or playing your favorite song as your own personal walk-in music when you arrive, since there are speakers out front.
TVs: Plenty of them, tunes to a variety of sports networks, your bartender can find channels for you.
SERVICE: Sometimes it can be difficult to catch the bartenders' eye, but they are friendly and helpful.
Overall, I really dig this place, it has become my neighborhood go-to bar.

We went for the spaghetti pizza we've heard so much about and it did not disappoint!
It was so friggin' good!
Spaghetti layered with pepperoni and sausage covered with cheese on a pizza crust...mmmm...will definitely be going back!
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they allow smoking in the restaurant.

First time here at this location.
Great food great service great beer.
Self seating at big pub style tables with an incredible video beer board.
I would drive here only for the grilled cheese.

Items Selected: Pretzels - Bavarian style, beer cheese, queso, spicy grain mustard Wisconsin Fried Cheese Curds - White Cheddar, Beer Batter, Hot Sauce, Bleu Cheese, Ranch  Margherita Pizza - Homemade sauce, olive oil, garlic, mozzarella, roma tomatoes, parmesan, fresh basil, half pepperoni House Mac n' Cheese - Sweet Cream, Blend of Cheeses, Topped with Parmesan and Breadcrumb Crust Green Apple, Bacon, Cheddar Grilled Cheese with Arrogant Bastard Onion Rings The Cookie Thing - Chocolate Chip stout cookie, chunks of chocolate, stout reduction, vanilla ice cream  Having found myself quite impressed by Born And Raised with a subsequent visit to Naked City Pizza Shop showing nearly as well it was with only modest 'bar food' skepticism that I agreed to a friend's suggestion to visit Aces & Ales on North Tenaya for some Saturday Night playoff action - a game-tying goal with 7-seconds on the clock and an OT-Win for the Kings pairing with surprisingly good food and a relaxed atmosphere for a nice change of pace.
Large in size and seemingly crafted from an old barn with comfortable communal seating amidst the glow of two-dozen televisions and gentle fluorescent lights it was mere moments after entrance that we were greeted by our young waitress and although not much help on the enormous beer list her service proved competent, each of six plates and six beers brought with good pacing and wide-smiles as water glasses continually brimmed full.
Unable to speak to the beer flight but impressed by the $12 tab it was with bar-food-staple soft pretzels alongside squeaky curds that we began and with both golden bites proving plenty salty it was the sauces that served as game-changers -  the funky bleu, beer cheese, and queso all remarkable.
Moving next to things more substantial it was to a truly cheesy trio that we were next treated and although the pizza could have tolerated a few more minutes in the oven to firm up the crust I was more than impressed by the ingredient quality across the board - bright Romas and fresh basil on the pie while crisp bacon and snappy apples graced the toasty sandwich, a skillet of tender macaroni under a blend of cream, cheese, and breadcrumbs rounding out the troika.
Never one to end a good meal without something sweet it was last but not least that we rounded out the evening with a steamy skillet cookie riddled with chocolate chips and eating more as a pudding than a cookie beneath Blue Bell Vanilla as Gaborik ended the game I couldn't help but smile...they just don't do sports bars like this back in Ohio.

Pretty simple to describe amazing beer selection and possibly the worst service in the bar industry of all of Las Vegas.
If there beer list ever falls off they will as well.
Cheers!

Great atmosphere for after work drinks or dinner.
50 rotating beers on tap, really great food.
My favorites are the homemade salt and vinegar chips, grilled artichoke, cheese curds...
I could go on.
A little pricey, but consistently good, and they have a discount at happy hour.
I have only eaten in the bar, but the service has always been great.

Pretty amazing beer selection.
Food is good.
Our waitress was a bit rude, missing most of the time, and pretentious.
The food and drinks are overpriced, much better places in the area.
Skip it.

I love coming to Aces &  Ales to get myself some good craft beer.
Their on tap selection is always changing and they are more then willing to let you sample something before ordering it.
Growler refills are always reasonably priced and worth it.
A friend and I got a growler of Stone Vertical Epic 10.10.10 (IIRC) and it was great.
I've had other growlers filled by them but that was the most memorable.
Bartenders are always friendly and fast to help.
I would suggest checking groupon as well if you are coming here as they usually have some kind of deal on there that will make your visit here even more awesome.

Nice little hidden gem.
They make some great bloody Mary's and have a huge selection of craft beers.
Great selection of food and love that they have TVS everywhere.
We will definitely be back the next time we come to vegas !

Great food, service and a lot of craft beer on tap...

My friend and I arrived later than everyone else on a Friday night.
Right when we arrived our friends warned us to order ASAP because the waitress (krystal) was slow and they were all still waiting on there beers.
I looked around and there's were empty tables everywhere so I'm not sure why it was slow.
The waitress took my order once someone caught her attention to let her know new guests had arrived.
I started off with an order of chicken fingers and a number 3 beer.
(You have to order the beers by number not name) another sir at our table had also ordered a beer.
After 20 minutes of waiting for my chicken fingers I noticed another waiter take them to the wrong table and talk to the chef then after another five minutes they came to me.
Food was average and over priced.
The chicken tenders looked overlooked and they were.
I had to dip them in ranch constantly to get some type of moisture.
And for $9 I would hope to get some fries with the tenders at least but nope just 4 average size tenders.
Another one of our friends arrived a little later due to work and when we told the waiter if she can take his order she (very sarcastically) said "wow!
Another person, this is so great" and took his order and walked away without a smile or asking if everyone was doing alright.
Once everyone started to leave we were getting our checks and a few people had left already and one of our friends left without ever receiving his beer but I let him have mine since I had water.
The waitress tried leaving his check with us and I reminded her he never got his, she tried arguing saying he did but there were no cups near where he was sitting, she rolled her eyes and walked away without saying anything and didn't give me my full amount of change.
Usually I would understand if a waitress is busy with tables and trying to make an effort to please the tables but this waitress seemed like she was ready to get us all out of there and get her money.
Not going back!

I live in the area been there once before.
Wanted some to go food and a couple beers.
Went in there around 12am it was pretty much empty other than a couple at the bar and group of guys at a table.
Sat down at the bar put a $20 into the machine played that no one came by to greet me or give me a menu.
Played a little more still no one came by.
No beer.
No menu.
No hello.
I'm consider myself a patient person but after 10 mins I just walked out.
Pretty ridiculous for having 2 guys and a girl behind the bar at once.
All good tho I won't be back ..
There's lots of other bars in the area.

Came to X107.5 best damn drink night.
Jennilee was super cool and totally knew what beer to suggest for my boyfriend and I!
Awesome!
We will be back!

LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
Good atmosphere, great food, good brews, and great service!
Heather is a great server and was totally on top of her game!
Love the burgers and the Mac and cheese

This place has an amazing selection of bear on tap that is different every week.
I go on Tuesdays for their Appetizer/Bear special where you get to try 6 different bears and have a special food item that isn't on their menu.
It makes it great for trying new bear without being stuck with a whole pint of it if you aren't to keen on it.
Kim is an awesome bartender, and the rest of the staff have always been friendly.
They will give you suggestions on what they recommend depending on what you like.
The mac and cheese is delicious as well.
The pizza is just like pizza anywhere else.
No Hendricks available though, but do try their breakfast shot!
Half and half shot of Jameson and Butterscotch Snapps with a shot of orange juice as a chaser and then you get a piece of bacon to eat after that.
You'll want more than one!

This is a great place to go for above average bar food.
The Mac and cheese is delicious and they have multiple varieties.
Their food menu is also available all night.
They're beer selection is hard to beat with 50 beers on tap.
The service is good and they do have video poker at the bar.

1.5 hours later and we are still waiting for food!
What a bummer!
The last time we came it was great!

My husband and I have been to Aces and Ales on Tenaya a few times.
The first two times, service and food was awesome!
The last two times, food was still awesome BUT the service was less than desirable.
We sat beside the kitchen the last two times and the kitchen staff would ring their pick up bell several times and food would sit to be picked up for 10 minutes before the wait staff came to pick up food.
If they had more wait staff that would solve the problem, especially when busy.
So I guess it really is hit and miss with service.
Love the food but service could be better.

I was pleasantly surprised by Aces & Ales, I figured it would be just another bar with mediocre food.
I tried their Arrogant B*****d Steak Salad, and it was phenomenal along with the service.

This place has an insanely good tap list and really great servers.
I was impressed with their knowledge of the beers and how well they paired food options to what we were drinking.
Bar staff was awesome, 25 cent video blackjack is great and we loved every minute of it.

Sticky tables.... Is the reason for my 3 star review.
Other then that place is good and speedy service.
Everyone's very nice and drinks are awesome.

Great neighborhood pub.
Clean, well layed out, seating for families on one side, while the other side is dark & comfy.
Can usually score a groupon to help with the price.
One of the best craft beer selections in town.
Food's tasty, delicious mac & cheese's, grilled cheese's, excellent pizza's.
Service can be hit or miss, which knocks a star off.

After going on a hike to red rocks in the northern part of Las Vegas we were all hungry.
So when we searched for a brewed near by that had food we headed hear.
The selection of brews was nice, we were all able to find something that interested us and that we enjoyed.
The selection ranged through about 50 beers on tap and had 2 ciders on tap.
The waitress wasn't too knowledgable on the beers but one of bartenders there were.
When the keg blew on the first beer that one of us ordered they gave us the half cup of beer and he was able to pick one at no charge.
My boyfriend enjoyed that beer so asked her for something similar and she had no idea so had to ask.
As we enjoyed our beers we quickly ordered the fried zucchini and onion rings.
Both were arrogant bastard ail from stone brewery based battering.
These were very good.
We proceeded with a much needed lunch and I ordered the arrogant bastard stead wrap.
This was delicious.
wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, a healthy helping of stead with balsamic vinaigrette, if i wasn't full from the appetizers i would have devoured the whole thing.
I would definitely suggest getting this.
They also have it in salad and sandwich form if you are not big on wraps.

Aces & Ales is OK, but just OK.
I came here because I bought a Groupon a while back (oh, the dangers of a credit card & an Internet connection), even though it's quite far from where I live.
I got the Arrogant Bastard steak sandwich, a signature item.
I don't quite get all the hype about the Arrogant Bastard steak.
It has an odd flavor, like a marinade that is intentionally too strong to cover up the flavor of poor-quality beef.
Instead of the standard fries, I got the onion rings, which were by far the best part of the meal.
Mmmm, they were just like great onion rings should be - thick onion slices, crispy batter, and just oily enough to remind you that you really shouldn't be eating these.
I also got a Caesars salad, which had nice fresh romaine and a good dressing.
For dessert I had to try their deep-fried oreos, which must be the favorite dessert of trailer parks all across America.
It was a guilty pleasure, good to try once, but I doubt I'll ever have it again.
It comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and some really awful hot fudge.
It tasted like nothing but Hershey's cocoa, sugar, and water - perhaps the worst hot fudge I've ever had.
Thank goodness I requested the hot fudge on the side so I could just ditch it.
Service was fine, and the atmosphere was typical Nevada-style pub.
I don't understand all the 4- and 5-star reviews of this place.
The food might be a smidge better than your typical locals pub, but that's not really saying much.
If I lived nearby, I'd definitely come back for the onion rings, but that's about all.

