I made it to French Grocery today for the soft opening.
And there is a lot to be done before a true grand opening, but I am loving what I see so far!
We ordered 3 cafe au lait (with chickory, as it should be!
) and 2 orders of beignet to go.
As an impulse, we also got a bag of Zapp's potato chips.
The cafe au lait were perfect!
The beignet were a bit overdone (it was mentioned the oil had gotten a bit too hot) - but totally on the right track!
The flavor, texture and size was spot on - just a wee bit overdone.
We are definitely happy campers!
As mentioned  - I was there right after opening on the very first day of the soft opening - so there are absolutely some kinks to work out, and more inventory to add.
For today, there was a limited selection of pastry, dry goods and cold drinks, with lots of empty shelf space, cooler space and bakery case space.
I am looking forward to coming back by in the coming weeks and months to watch the place fill up  - it is a great space, and the friendliness of the owners and staff is welcoming.
A GREAT addition to the area, and hopefully a great part of the community for a long time to come.
I'm definitely a fan!

This place is phenomenal!
We were privileged to meet the owners before their soft opening and have visited twice already.
The beignets are wonderful (which is why they run out so quickly!
) and the coffee is great (try the French Press with Chicory)!
We've tasted madeleines, macaroons, gelato, and the Vichyssoise (smooth potato and leek soup, for those who are as ignorant as I was).
All were delicious.
The restaurant just had their soft opening, so there's not a full selection of offerings yet, but they have lots of space and lots of plans to be totally stocked and ready to serve the masses for the Grand Opening on July 9.
In the meantime, take advantage of being able to get in the door to try their coffee and bakery goods, because this place will be PACKED when they're ready to start their full-scale production.
PS.
I'm dying to try the praline bacon next Saturday morning!

I came into the French Grocery during the first day of their soft opening.
They were almost sold out of pastries, but their kitchen was furiously prepping lunch.
I'm looking forward to great things coming from the French Grocery.
I'm very excited that a new grocer is back, and hopefully can produce great food to keep the crowds consistently coming back for more.

Amazing!
My daughter and I went on Saturday for beignets, which were made to order and super tasty.
Even better, we purchased some lemon, espresso and peach macaroons for later and those were so delicious!
Obviously still gearing up (empty cases) but looking forward to the grand opening on July 9th.
What a wonderful shop for the downtown area!
My only complaint is that there is not sufficient parking - this place will be super popular and there are only a few spots.

a great addition to the Valley!
serving locally roasted coffee including Roastery of Cave Creek - "Roc2"  to go with their delicious pastries !

This place is so cool!
The owners are great.
The guy told me the place was Creole inspired, he's from Nawlins.
I minored in French, I was a little excited thinking I'd get to use it.
I got free samples of their baguette and a locally made goat cheese.
I got one of their Cinnamon French Toast marscapones.
It was really good!
I came here during their soft open.
Their grand opening is July 9th.
I'd definitely come back!

I have a million things I need to do today but they are ALL on hold so I can write about how awesome this place is.
They are not even fully up and running (Grand Opening is 9 July, folks) and they've already won me over.
Why?
Their Espresso is at the top of my list.
It is very well balanced: not too weak, not too bold, not too bitter and a really pleasant aftertaste that makes for a well-rounded consumption of coffee.
Maybe my response was psychosomatic but it really took me back to Europe for a moment.
I read about their beignets and the reports are not exaggerated.
They are fried up perfectly light and just a tad crispy.
As much as I love donuts this was such a step up I don't know if I can ever go back.
So my first visit here was like a mini-vacation to France and I feel like I got back a little joie de vivre.
There was a bit of a wait to get my order but the folks took my coffee order while I was in line and I got to start savouring before I put in my pastry order so props for being mindful of the customers and doing their best to look after us.
Since the beignets are made to order, it is worth the wait....trust me.
They also have some tasty looking gelato and their cooler already had some deli foods like olives and cheese (I need to come back soon to pick up some parmesan).
I can only imagine what awesome goodies they're going to have.
Once they get their liquor license we can look forward to French wine and craft beer for sale.
They also have fresh flowers for sale.
How awesome will you be when you bring home some fresh flowers and a bottle of wine and some cheese?
Oui, oui!
The inside is very pleasant and has a nice European feel  with white walls and French Country décor.
I had a chance to chat with the owner's wife and they are really great people so this is a great new business that is well worth patronizing.
I think it is a great concept and am so happy that we have this in Phoenix.
It is dangerously close to where I live so I could very soon turn into a beignet whore-consider yourself warned!
Parking is a bit of an issue and after going around the block twice I had to park across the street and walk in the 115 degree heat....but it was worth it.
I do hope that they find reason to open earlier during the week in the future because I would be in for coffee every day on the way to work.
Really great place run by good people.
Well worth checking out and I can't wait to see how much more I love them when they are completely up and running!

So impressed!
I was looking for macaroons so I stopped by French Grocery last week.
To my delight, they had three different flavors, all equally delicious.
I especially like the "Chocolate Chile.
" It's got moxie.
The staff was super nice and the owner was even there to welcome customers.
I love that the menu includes both Continental and Creole items.
I little more Paris and New Orleans in Phoenix makes everything better.

This place rocks for many reasons.
The macaroons are so, so good and the espresso is perfection.
It is the most well balanced espresso I've ever had!
Thankfully this little shop is on my route to work.
I'll gladly be supporting their local business often by purchasing coffee and treats on the regular!

The grand opening is July 9th, but my coworkers and I wanted to grab beignets after our lunch.
We came and we didn't know they had croissants and a lunch menu.
Nonetheless, we got an order of beignets, some macaroons, and one of the coworkers got gelato.
I got an iced coffee that was made exactly how they made it in NOLA.
It was wonderful.
The beignets were delicious.
Everything was reasonable priced.
I can't wait until they have their full lunch and dinner menu.
Will definitely come back :)

Wonderful little spot...I stopped here on my way home and had their chicory coffee and beignets which were both scrumptious.
The owners are very friendly and the prices are just right.
Some of their other pastries like the croissants maybe looked a little funky but they may be very good.
I am a little picky with patisseries being from Europe, but they are trying so I'll give them credit for that...  French grocery also has a nice selection of imported cheeses and gelato.
Their grand opening is July 9 after which they will also be having to go dinners and other items.
Check them out and try their beignets...and do make sure to ask for extra powdered sugar.
It's just not the same without a grand amount of the powdered stuff...and did the beignets in the coffee too!
All in all a very cool place.
Will definitely return!

So I went in to get some Beignets and coffee, but i accidentally said Barguette so the owner pointed to a basket of bread.
lol.
so embarrassed.
Any store with cool names like that deserved a five stars.
jk.
hahaha anyway my impression the poeple are nice.
The Beignets is really good.
i like it.
i'm excited to see what they will have on opening days.
Man french is so sexy... and that french girl at the counter is sexy too.
I just want too.......

French Grocery's owners, Kevin and Melissa, stay true to food!
At this place you find an array of daily products they produce fresh in front of your eyes in their open kitchen atmosphere, but then you have the convenience of having an international grocery market carrying everything from cheese to stocks.
This place is a perfect mélange for people who want to cook at home, yet don't have the time to make EVERYTHING from scratch.
They also cater to the on the go person who can grab a quick Quiche or delicious stuffed Croissant.
There is nothing else like this in Phoenix, (believe me I looked).
A truly unique gem opened up in our neighborhood, we who appreciate the labor and love that goes into food should keep them alive.
By the way, I was there during their "Soft Opening" the Grand Opening is TOMORROW!

So happy I tried this place!!!
The coffee is delicious and the beignets are out of this world!!
The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because it opens at 10!!!??!
If it opened earlier I would go there many many mornings!!
It's also closed on Sundays which is kind of a bummer because it would be a great after church spot : )

I stopped by today to pick up dinner for a friend who just had a baby.
One of the owners helped me with each selection, and my friend texted me to say that this was the best meal her family had in a long time.
Stock was running low at 4:00pm, but the staff and owners are great.

Great pastries and coffee.
It's a little crowded at the order/pickup window; I'd suggest moving one to another spot along the bar.
Looking forward to seeing the Grocery side of things expand to carry more products!

I have been wanting to go here since I first got wind of this place and FINALLY made it today!
I am not familiar with Creole style food and one of the owners (I think) was happy to give me the low down.
She even offered to make me a new coffee if I didn't like the chicory flavor, since it was my first time having.
Awesome customer service!
I also can't have dairy so I asked what their non-dairy options are.
They just had soy.
So of you've been reading my reviews, you know I get peeved when a local coffee shop doesn't have almond milk.
So I decided to suggest they offer it, and the owner said he would from now on!
So those of you almond milk lovers can thank yours truly for French Grocery carrying almond milk :)  Anyway, we ordered macaroons (I liked the green one the best, I think it was pistachio rosemary).
They were perfect!
Soft, chewy, not too sweet, bold flavor.
The beignets were hot and fresh covered in powdered sugar, OMG to die for.
And the praline bacon.
Just sinful.
I wish they would serve those hot out of the pan though.
The one we got had been sitting out for a few minutes and cooled down and got kind of limp.
They were so delicious.
I'm a huge fan of sweet and salty mixed.
Unfortunately, they were sold out of croissants by 10am!
I'm coming back during the week for those.
Diet be damned.
We also got a French press and cafe au lait with chicory.
I really really liked the chicory flavor!
It's hard to explain.
They use Cortez Coffee which I was thrilled to hear about because we know Ron Cortez and his coffee is superb.
Since they are brand new I figure there are kinks to be worked out.
It was kinda hectic and disorganized at the counter.
I think they are still finding their groove.
I think they need to open earlier and definitely need to be open on Sundays.
Parking is also a pain.
But, their food and coffee is high quality and delicious.
They will have lines out the door by the year's end.
Can't wait to come back.
Seriously, I can't get that green macaroon and cafe au lait with chicory out of my mind.
And the beignets...and French press...and praline bacon...

My experience at the French Grocery was a 3 star but with full potential to move up.
I went here to try a croissant.
When we got there, the place was cute, still pretty empty despite having their grand opening already, but cute.
The food at their deli case looked tasty and so did the gelato, but I was there for a croissant.
Unfortunately they didn't have my first choice (chocolate...duh), but they had almond, so we got that and some beignets.
The beignets were fine, but it wasn't one of those desserts that was just 'yummy.
' I wasn't doing a dessert dance or making happy noises while eating this....it was just like a powdered sugar donut, pretty not exciting.
The croissant (which I shared with a bunch of people including other Yelpers) was good, but wasn't much like a croissant.
It was very dense and heavy and it wasn't flaky...the flavor was good, but the texture was all wrong.
Anyway, I would try this place again, but I didn't think this first visit was anything to write home about (just something to write on Yelp about).

I recently discovered French Grocery on Yelp and couldn't wait to visit.
I have been there several times in the past two weeks.
In a word, fantastic!
It just really doesn't get any better than this.
The owner Kevin is an experienced and talented chef from New Orleans.
His passion for Creole cuisine is apparent.
He seems happiest when spending time talking to his customers about the food he and his team are creating.
Today for lunch I had a shrimp salad.
It was very simple.
Spinach leaves, red bell pepper, corn, boiled shrimp and vinaigrette.
What made this salad different than any other with the same ingredients is the care taken to get it right.
It was love on a plate.
The spinach was properly washed and dried.
The corn was a tasty and colorful addition.
The best part were the shrimp.
Four lovely shrimp that were cooked to perfection and seasoned in a way that made me very happy!
These were not common boiled shrimp.
They were poached in a liquid that brought a lot of flavor.
There was a sweet spice present that I am still thinking about and craving.
Maybe allspice or nutmeg.
They were delicious!
Kevin is creating take home meals, many with Creole flavors.
French onion soup, red beans and rice, English pea and mint soup.
It goes on and on.
I can't wait to see what French Grocery brings in the future.
Bienvenue a Arizona French Grocery!
Thank you for being here and bringing to our community some Creole goodness.
I look forward to spending many happy hours in your French Grocery.

So I've been waiting for this place to open up, and it seem they're now fully functioning.
Maybe I was expecting something different, but I have to say I 'm a bit disappointed.
They had maybe 6 cheeses in their case, a few of them were French.
They had a couple of kind of boring side dishes, again very ho hum.
A majority of the food is set to be taken home, which is nice.
They didn't have much selection, but the food did look good.
I ended up getting a duck breast sandwich that was okay, but not for $12.
My wife really enjoyed her beignets but  the croissants were not very good.
Overall, it was just okay.
I can't see me going out of my way to get here.

Got a plate of beignets, a cinnamon macaroon, and a French press coffee.
The beignets were delicious and fresh, covered in (extremely messy) powdered sugar.
The macaroon, my first macaroon ever, was really odd - I don't get the macaroon trend, to be honest.
It was doughy and sticky and didn't have much of a distinct flavour.
I expected it to be a lot more airy and light.
The coffee would have been better had I put more cream in before I left but it was otherwise all right.
I'm not a fan of the roaster they use (I've had the coffee at a few other local places before) so that's more on me.
I'll need to come back when it's not so close to closing time so their bakery and food case is a little more full.

Ok So I as well had been waiting to go to this place after I saw them Open.
I had waited quite awhile till I did.
Not because, I did not want to ,but because, I always have my list of my 6 most important things to do while in town.
I finally made it a point to stop in.
I am sorry to say I was very disappointed.
But, I am going to give them another chance again very soon.
The store is really large so they have an opportunity to do a lot with it.
It was extremely dark in there though.
I can appreciate keeping the lights low when it is sooo hot outside.
But, it dark too dark to me with the huge concrete floor.
I ordered a few baked goods to take with me.
I really do love to support local business.
They were really good.
But, for some reason I was expertly fabulous food and baked goods.
As I say ,I will try them again.
Anyone can have the rough day.
The service was very nice.
I was just let down on the decor and the choices.
I even bought 2 containers of Tea as well as the baked goods.
I wanted to help keep it going you know.
I will post in the future about the French Grocery , so I will let you know.
Parking is right out front.
Sometimes ,a bit tight.

I was so excited to finally make it over to French Grocery in an effort to quell my homesickness.
Unfortunately we were pretty disappointed.
Of course it was early in the day but they didn't have any take home entrees ready.
The beignets were expensive, small, too thick and burnt.
Maybe they were having an off day and I'll try again some other time.
We went home and made gumbo.

So.
Good.
I'm still salivating!
We had: - praline bacon - room temperature but totally crispy to perfection - I WANT MORE!
- rose sherry macaron - really good, awesome flavor, perfect texture - caramel macaron - also really good, but wish I had eaten this one first, because I still had the taste of the rose sherry one in my mouth - eclair - the pastry cream was to die for - not too sweet, not too heavy - praline chocolate tart - amazing caramel sauce, delicious chocolate, perfect pastry - you can tell they make all ingredients from scratch and they are divine  We will be back!
Next on our list to try - croissants, beignets, and genoise cake.

I'm not what you would call a huge fan of French cuisine.
That doesn't mean I can't appreciate delicious when it hits my lips.
I didn't really know what to expect from this place, other than I was fairly certain I could get some duck confit or a croissant.
I was right, but they have a lot more.
Sadly, I came near closing time, so many of their savory options were gone.
But, I was able to snag some of their macaroons and a madeline.
I guess their macaroon flavors rotate all the time, but the blueberry one I had was easily the finest macaroon I've had to date.
Couple this with a very European feel inside & very friendly service, and this was a nice change of pace.
I will go back, if nothing else, to try one of their savory croissants - and possibly some of their other fresh items that frankly wouldn't travel well in 110 degree heat.
This place is unique and if you're in the area, definitely check it out!

We've been back twice since our initial visit, and it's still good!
During the week, we had beignets (piping hot, good flavor, and definitely cooked in clean oil - always a plus!
), a cinnamon roll (had a hint of nutmeg or something that I wasn't really a fan of), a quiche lorraine (so good!
pastry was excellent), and a ham and cheese croissant (also very good).
Today (Saturday) we just HAD to get more of the praline bacon that we had last week... mmmmm, meat candy!
We also got a duck sandwich on a batard roll (a bit pricey at $13.95, but excellent - heavy on the duck, with flavored goat cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, and a port reduction), and a quiche lorraine and an almond croissant to save for tomorrow's breakfast, since they aren't open on Sundays.
We're about to move across the country, and I'm really sad to be leaving this awesome eatery behind!

I had read about this place opening up and being from South Louisiana I had to see what it was about.
I got a few of their ready made soups..French Onion, Corn and Crab bisque and the potato soup.. All were outstanding.
They have these fresh made macaroons with interesting flavors.. Got a few of those and an almond Danish .. All were just as good.
Lots of French/cajun and creole dishes you can get ready made along with a nice size wine collection.
Atmosphere is really clean and airy..
I look forward to trying their chicken and andouille sausage gumbo which they were out of at the time.

Looks like this place was an old 7-11 at one time.
The front has been redone and the inside is simply redecorated.
It is more like a small convenience store with the scent of a French bakery in the air.
They basically have some tables to eat at and some display cases with bakery goods, cheeses, and ready made meals in the cooler section.
Very simple with a lot of potential.
Seen a lot of people enjoying some French pressed coffee and a treat on the side.
Picked up some some ready cooked New Orleans style Red Beans from the fridge to bring home.
Had my eye on some Andouille Gumbo and their Shrimp Etouffee.
I wonder if it is as good as mine.
Hmmm?
Could not resist getting a Chocolate Eclair and some Praline Bacon.
Ok maybe a couple bags of those hard to get tasty Zapps Chips for a midnight snack.
Would like to see more inventory and a larger selection of baked goods.
I was expecting a little bit more of a presentation.
Did not know you had to cook it at home and not eat it there.
Hmmm?
Check them out and don't forget ... PRALINE BACON RULES !!

I appreciate French food and like it more than I should.
I also love NOLA and their Laissez les bons temps roulern!
But, the French Grocery is really not a grocery store at all.
You cannot buy any grocery items, like you might find in a typical Champion or Carrefour.
No Carte Noire coffee, no Maille moutardes, et cetera  They also do not cook, nor serve food here.
Everything is pre-made, wrapped for sale and kept in a refrigeration case.
The only exception is the bakery items and a small chilled salad deli case.
When we arrived on Friday just before five, there were also very few items left in the refrigerator.
There was no croissants, no french bread or much of anything in the bakery case except for some small $1.75 cookies.
There were a couple of small individual Quiche Lorraines (which didn't contain any bacon or ham) and a few small baguette sandwiches, like you would find in Gare du Nord.
The French Bakery also has a wine section, along with a few French press coffee pots.
As others have noted, the lighting is poor and makes the store feel dreary.
There are a few tables scattered in this cavernous store.
But I am unsure what they are used for since you cannot sit and eat any of the chilled items.
I believe the French Grocery is set up to appeal to working couples on the go --who want something more interesting than the Take Out selection of Fresh & Easy.
Of the six items we ordered, the best was the chocolate Pot de Creme for $3.50.
Our total including tax came to $32.11  But if you come to the French Grocery thinking of Le Pain Quotidien, Le Madeleine, or even local Amuse Bouche (Surprise), you might leave disappointed.
Sorry!

My first time here for breakfast was good, but my second time, not so much.
I like the idea of this place, but it's just not what it could be.
When we first came a few weeks after they opened, they were out of a lot of things, so we got the beignets and pecan maple bacon and a cinnamon roll.
The beignets came out piping hot and were great.
Bacon was freshly made and came out hot and was amazing.
Once it cooled down, it wasn't very good though.
The roll was great too and had some almond flavor to it.
We went here today and ordered a chocolate croissant, spinach and cheese croissant and cinnamon roll.
And two lattes.
We were almost done eating by the time we got our coffee.
Also, I can get better croissants from Starbucks.
Very disappointing to eat dry crunchy croissants.
The spinach and cheese croissant was cold - something I would expect to be hot.
And the roll was just okay this time around.
Also, noticed the bacon was just sitting out this time so we didn't want to get that knowing it wouldn't be hot.
Not sure I'll be coming back here again.

I was on the hunt for a good croissant.
Croissants are one of those things I find tricky.
Most of them are terrible in these parts.
I went to the bakery next to Federal Pizza owned by the Coes hoping to find a good one.
The young man behind the counter told me that he believed the shop made them, but he had only been working there for 2 weeks and hadn't seen any made in that time.
I got on Yelp and since I didn't want to go out to Tempe to that apparently fabulous Essence Bakery, I decided to go to French Grocery.
I used to live around the corner from this place back in the day when it was a Circle K. (hey, that rhymed!
)  I used to scrape together $1.50 in quarters and walk there to pick up smokes.
Yes, back in the 80s, cigarettes cost $1.50.....really.
But I digress.....I went into French Grocery and it seemed pretty bare bones.
The cheese case was tiny.
Like, you can get a better selection in the Safeway Deli...
Many of them weren't even French.
But I was there for croissants.
I was going to a friend's house for coffee and thought these would make a nice accompaniment to the brew.
Wow.
What a complete disappointment.
I got 2 plain and two almond.
The almond ones were hollow where they should have had almond paste,  like the filling had melted out of them while baking.
We were left with the merest hint of flavor.
But the worst part?
The croissant dough was just bad.
Really bad.
I've lived in 2 cities with large Vietnamese populations and they are known for their excellent bakeries.
They were, after all, colonized by the French for a long time.
Anyway, I know my way around a great croissant and we didn't finish either kind.
The plain were just wrong.
Crusty like a biscuit, not flaky and buttery......dense and very dry.
It's almost as if they forgot to put the butter in the dough!
The consistency was so unlike that of a real croissant, they should take the French out of the name French Grocery.
Quelle disappointment.
I guess I'll have to continue my quest.
Also, they were way overpriced, even for a great croissant....Boo.

I was so looking forward to the opening of this place but have ended up being so disappointed by their food.
On my first visit, I got an almond croissant and 2 macarons.
(not macaroons, folks--that's a completely different cookie) The croissant was extremely dry with some sort of weird gummy paste inside.
The macarons were refrigerated, which is really a crime against pastry.
I get the feeling that they are not made fresh daily, which totally ruins the quality.
Day old, cold macarons are never good.
The filling in the pistachio one was also very greasy.
I ended up spitting it out and throwing the rest away.
On my 2nd visit, I tried another croissant, another macaron and a baguette.
The baguette was good but not worth a special trip for.
The croissants and macarons have not improved at all.
The dinner options seem to be more Creole based which is not really my interest.
I haven't seen a lot of options available at the French grocery that make it worth a special trip.
I'll just wait for the new location of Essence Bakery to open if I want good French pastries.
I just came back from a 10 day trip to France so I've had the real deal and it's so much better than what this place has to offer.
I don't really see any reason to go back.

Croissants Delish!
Flaky just the right touch of butter & if you really wanna doctor it up for a morning treat make it a bacon egg & cheese croissanwhich!
Everything is great here!
Wine, beer, coffee, latte's & cappuccino's!
Beignets madeleins... My favorite!

Good cheeses, wines and bread.
Heard good things about sandwiches, need to check them out.

Finally got around to stopping in here today since I happen to live in the neighborhood and I couldn't be happier I did.
I ordered a sugar free vanilla latte with nonfat milk...they did not have the sugar free flavoring, however, a friendly gentleman (seemed like maybe the owner?
) went above and beyond accommodating the request by adding real vanilla and leaving sugar out.
He handed me the coffee and assured me if I needed any extra vanilla to not hesitate to ask.
I love that sincerity and genuine want to ensure the customer is satisfied...lastly, my partner and I ordered beignets to go.
They come in batches of three and are made to order which, I think as someone posted before, are well worth the wait.
I've actually only had beignets one time at the infamous Cafe DuMonde in New Orleans when I visited there earlier this year and I have to say these things are comparable, if not even better than those!
They are huge in size and crispy in all the right places on the outside while soft on the inside....just don't bite in too quickly as they come out piping hot!
If I can, I will attach a photo of mine before I annihilated it.
Seriously happy to see this sort if place in my neighborhood, I will definitely go back.

I came here not long after they opened and I got 4 assorted macarons and a crème brulee.
We've never had macarons at our house before and were perplexed by the flavors of the macarons; we thought at least two of them were savory (a green one and a tan one) as they had a surprising lack of sweetness.
But I am the first to admit that I'm not at all familiar with macarons and their flavors, I guess I'm not sure what they were supposed to taste like, but the savory taste of the two surprised us and not in a good way.
On the other hand, the crème brulee was amazing, absolutely perfect.
The French Grocery itself was cute and I liked the open format so you could see into the kitchen.
It's worth mentioning that the ordering process was a little awkward (for me) as the customer right in front of me was carrying on a personal conversation with the employee who had rung up our purchases and I felt a little like an intruder on their private discussion as I stood there with my macarons in hand and waited for them to caramelize my crème brulee in the kitchen...awkward.

Cute place!
Do think it needs a bigger menu and a wider selection of times.
When I hear "grocery," I'm expecting a wider range of French items of the sort I bought while living in France that you can't get here (cute yogurts, Orangina, etc).
Cheese selection could definitely be expanded too.
Big focus on wine currently.
Also think their current hours are unrealistically short for the sort of place they are trying to be.
It's a new business and I want to see it succeed so I will continue to patronize and hope they work on growing/expanding the selection!

Cute place.
Came here with a friend at night before 8 pm.
It is dark inside place but don't  let that turn you away.
They are indeed open.
Love the way they did this place.
Great things to check out.
They make their gelato in-house.
Pastries looked yummy.
Had their beignets.
I don't know how much they normally cost but I thought the price was really good.
$3 for 3.
Will be back to try other things.

Went there today at lunch with Mrs.  Had heard good things about their breakfasts but it was too late for that.
Ms. had mushroom soup and a sandwich..turkey and brie with cranberries.
I had mushroom soup and ham and gruyere cheese.
Both sandwhiches were served hot.
Wife declared the soup wonderful.
I thought it was a bit thin.
It was good though, and had a bit of pepper in it but not overly so.
This is because of the Cajun roots that the French Groc.
has.
Their cold case had several tempting items in it.
Ms. wants to go back but I'm thinking I want to give it another try before putting it on my permanent "go to" list.
Price for two sandwhiches and two cups of soup was $19.00

Cute space on 7th Avenue!
I was expecting more grocery items instead of a cafe, but still liked it nonetheless.
I tried the chocolate croissant and the pumpkin roll...both were amazing!
Definitely the kind of place you can stop in on a regular basis to enjoy a coffee and pastry or for soup and sandwich for lunch.

So glad there is a new fantastic place in my neighborhood to frequent.
Fantastic service, lovely people, delicious things to linger over in the shop or take home, I am so pleased such a place exists!
Far more charm/personality and life than across the street at Starbucks...  Brought a friend for lunch and she loved it as well.
Also, the BEST baguettes for miles ;) Will 100% be a repeat customer!

Their soup is amazing.
High quality ingredients.
I will come here again!

Great pastries but was hoping for more "french food" options, a sandwich, a crepe......something.
Did i mention the pastries were great!

The French bread is great with a nice crust.
The beignets are the best.
Fried fresh to order.

They have good baguettes and cheeses.
Pre-made food is not so good and customer service is lacking.
Maybe it's an "oh you're not a regular" attitude?
But then again, how does one become a regular...  Pros -Fresh bread -Good cheeses & spreads  Cons -Not much selection -Pre made food is so-so

The French Grocery gets bumped up to four stars because of its beer selection.
We stopped in after work one day to pick up some dessert and were pretty disappointed.
We got the genoise cake and a peanut butter tart.
The tart wasn't bad (not great, but not bad), but the cake was not good.
There were really no redeeming factors to the cake.
It was flat and boring, not recommended at all.
However, they did have some pretty good looking stuff and we are excited to go again, but we won't be repeating our dessert purchase.
Now the beer selection is another story.
They had some very interesting, very hard to find beers.
One in particular called Bourbon County, was awesome.
It is aged in bourbon barrels, and the tastes makes it clear it was.
Amazing.
Like I said before, we are disappointed by our dessert selections, but we are excited to go back and try something new.
My one hope is they start offering a wider selection of goods, the space felt a little sparse, and it would be nice if it at least felt like there was more to choose from.

I found this little Gem today on a referral from a friend.
The outside doesn't do the inside justice.
Great Service and atmosphere.
The beignets are wonderful and took me back home to Cafe' DuMonde.
The muffaletta was excellent, best I have had outside of Central Grocery in the French Quarter.
Selection might be small to some, but the quality of the food more than makes up for it.
The owner came out and talked to me and the other patrons and thanked us for coming.
It was wonderful to find a little piece of home here in Pheonix.
Will absolutely be going back to try their King Cake!
Laissez les bon temps rouler!

Been here three times now and it just keeps being scrumptious.
Tried and would try again:   Eclairs  Salted Caramel Macaroon Chicken Curry Soup French Onion Soup Gumbo Andouille Grilled Cheese with French Onions Ham Croque-Monsieur Latte  Highly recommended stop for amazing desserts, espresso, not to mention the tasty soups and sandwiches.
Plus the decor is industrial chic with plenty of tables and the staff extremely friendly.

Um, is this place not super cute or what?
Obsessed with all things French, once I saw this new, local business I had to try!
And tried I have, as twice I went on days they were closed (and I was so bummed!
) But today was the lucky day!
First off, the interior is beautifully laid out and feels very much like a combination of a cafe and market from France.
The co-owners were so nice, as I asked question after question about the business, excited it was my first visit.
Some amazing pros about the place:   -They make their own gelato in house - yum!
-Some of the most delicious espresso I've tried around town, and it's not on fire when they serve it (my taste buds thank you).
-AMAZING imported wine selection :) -Delicious looking pastries and nibbles (that I will have to try on my next visit!).
-Most importantly, it's all things French!
Thank you French Grocery for creating this little gem in the neighborhood!
I will definitely be frequenting your business!

Me and my faithful bestie Ray hit up French Grocery for the 1st time for lunch today, being as we both love anything French!
The place itself is very clean with a good amount of tables to sit at.
I liked the different Wines they sold, it made me want to buy a bottle and drink some, but it was lunch and we had to get back to work.
We went to the counter to order and  the guy behind the counter was nice but for our 1st time there I wish he would of been a bit more friendly and helpful, he did answer all my questions but I just thought he would of been a bit more friendly.
We both ordered the speical  which was the Mozz, tomato, pesto sandwich and side of potato leek soup.
It was all very good, a bit pricey but very fresh and good.
I do have one suggestion, I do wish they sold more made to order food.
The only sandwiches available that were made to order were ours and a grilled cheese with french onion.
All other sandwiches were premade and put in their case, which was very odd to me.
I think they would do better with more fresh made to order things.
The bakery items looked delish, but they were out of a lot of things.
I did take a Chocolate Chili Macaroon back to my office which I LOVED!
I have never had one before!
Very good suggestion made by the guy behind the counter.
All in all it was a good experience and I will be back!
I do want to stop in before work to try the coffee and pick up a sweet!

Came in for the pastries and was extremely delighted with the gluten-free selection!
I am a big fan of creme brûlée and theirs was very good.
I also tried the macaroon parisien one of each flavor and those were also very good.
My absolute favorite (chocolate lover) was the flourless chocolate cake.
I will be going regularly.

French Yumminess and an Adaptive Reuse Infill Location All in One  Wasn't expecting an option for French food in this area of town, but caught that French Grocery was down the road from my tailor.
It's more a deli/bakery/wine shop than true grocery store.
Still, you get the fix you're looking for.
Tried two sandwich options and the garden salad from their cooler, along with a pear tart, one of each macaroon, a mousse cup, and a type of cake that looks like a big macaroon.
All were hits with my wife and daughters.
Especially the mousse cup for my ten month-old... but she would bite through mild steel with her new chipmunk teeth for access to anything remotely chocolate.
Cheese selection was amazing.
Blast my Asian lactose sensitivity.
The macaroons were best at room temp.
The big macaroon cake thing was excellent at room temp, but hard to cut because of the cream middle.
But chilled, it was easy to cut and stiff to eat.
So, recommend cutting while chilled and then eating when left to warm for 15 minutes.
Sandwich bread was a tad too hard.
If they had a true grocery selection for baking supplies, it would have been everything we were looking for.
And the shop is a beautiful conversion of what looks like an old garage or laundromat.

I've been a couple times and I love the concept but the execution still needs work.
The beignets are amazing but they forgot to put the order in and I waited almost 25 minutes for them...
It seems weird that no one asked what I was waiting for.
I will go back again because everything I've tried is good and hopefully their service and hospitality will improve.

Great place for a lazy Saturday morning coffee date.
Things that are awesome here: coffee, sandwiches, pastries, and praline bacon.
They have a wide variety of wines and beers that are more affordable than you would expect.
Service is a little slow, so not somewhere to hit up if you're pressed for time.

Love this place.
Cheese, wine, and yummy macaroons.
Staff is very attentive, there are plenty of dessert choices also.
They also have gelato which seems mysterious, but I guess it's just a train ride between France and Italy.
I plan on perusing the wine selection more next visit.
The place definitely has a French feel and flair.

I was pretty excited to try this place out.
I saw on yelp that they had beignets and well...I drove right over!
Haven't had a fresh beignet since I was in New Orleans few years ago.
They were absolutely delish...really, enough for 2/3 people...but I still ate all three.
Very nice, laid back place and I will be returning.

Food was wonderful, we had the spinach & mushroom crepe & a second lunch special (it was like a ham & cheese pannini) both were very good.
I also had a fruit tart that was extremely tasty.
There are only a few lunch options to choose from, but several desserts & bakery items.
I'll definitely go back to see the different lunch options.

This is a wonderful little grocery!
I had a French dip sandwich and it was amazing!
The bread was fresh and moist!
The meat was super tender and filled with delicious flavors!
After the sandwich I could not resist trying some of their crembrule and it was FANTASTIC!!!
It was nice and creamy but not to sweet.
And the staff was very courteous and friendly.

Why haven't I stopped in here before??
I live soo stinking close it's a crime this place is a little cultural gem in the desert.
The chicory coffee and freshly made beignets did not disappoint.
Check out their great selections of wine, gelato, wine and sandwiches, you can take ironwork you or eat at their cafe.

