Fantastic Food!
Great Service!
They provide a great atmosphere for a lunch on the go.
Glad I found this joint!

Had the lunch special, absolutely terrific food, wonderful flavor!
Looking forward to coming back many more times to try the other options and desserts.

You can taste the love in the food.
A unique place, no other like it!

Great ambiance.
Some of my faves: arroz con pollo, pernil, el capitán, and my #1 guava and cheese!
Yummy!

Had lunch there today OMG it is so good!
We will be going back, often!

So delicious!
Everything we ordered was fabulous.
Super good black beans and rice and the pork and the potato empanadas are amazing.
New favorite place!

What a great addition to downtown Mesa.
The eatery offers a hip little hangout with a long community table down the center backing up to the Mesa Community Garden (you start to see the concept they are going for).
The service was good, food was great, menu is sleek and simple.
We have not had a chance to try the desserts yet, that is on our list!
The selection looks unbelievable.
We heard they are also getting a liquor license, which will transform it from an urban eatery to a place to hangout and stay a while.
Looking forward to that.

Great simple menu.
Great pricing.
Had the lunch special today with my husband and it was super good.
The rice and beans were very tasty.
My usual pet peeve about empanadas is that they are either too greasy, too doughy, or the insides are greasy and tasteless.
Soooo not the case here.
I had the potato and the cheese one and both were very tasty, not greasy, and not doughy.
I will definitely be back.

Best Latin Food!
I've been there quite a few times now since I work close By.
Their menu has a variety of Latin Food and every Dish I've tried has been tasty and fresh made.
My kids love their rice & Beans.
The Empanadas are not Greasy and they have at least 8 different kinds to choose from.
I got Addicted to the Sweet Empanadas :) There are also Healthy options my favorite is the Black Bean Salad made with Fresh veggies, Black Beans & Avocados.
Their Sauce & Dressing are homemade.
RE has an Industrial/Moderm Style & Their staff is very Friendly.
For all this reasons I just simply Love this Place.

Amazing lunch specials!
The Pernil empanada is to die for!

Really good food, from really great people.
The Dessert empanadas with ice cream and dulce de leche were amazing!
They were out of a few of the menu items I wanted to try, but I really liked the potato empanada, maduros (sweet plantains) and tostones (savory green plantains.
) I'll definitely be back to try the yucca frita and bean and cheese empanada.
This place reminds me of fusion between, Havana Cafe and Cornish Pasty.
You should definitely give it a try.

I really like it.
Service was outstanding.
Simple menu.
Sleek and stylish decor.
It's a beautiful addition to downtown Mesa.
ER has so much potential!
I had a lovely chat with the owner, Edmundo, who told us about his family, him being from Mexico and his wife from Costa Rica.
The beautiful mural on the wall represents his family.
It's awesome!
You can tell there is a lot of love and passion behind this business.
I also liked the fact that the owner was so friendly and open to suggestions and feedback.
I was so very excited for ER to open since I lived in Chile for a year and ate empanadas nearly everyday.
We ordered the El Capitan (it sounded the closest to the traditional Chilean empanadas I loved), and the Cubana.
Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed by the El Capitan.
It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting I guess.
Cubana was very good.
They also had a really good lunch special.
It was $7.50 for 2 empanadas, a side of beans, rice, and salad.
(I think).
Excited for them to get their liquor license and start offering local craft beers!
I think ER has a lot of potential.
Will be back to try the rest of the menu.

Love this place.
Well-made food, great atmosphere.
The avocado and heart of palm salad is possibly my favorite thing on the menu (with the exception of their nutella banana empanada).
Their gallo pinto is even tastier than the versions I had in Costa Rica.
This is an absolute must-try in Mesa.

Great place with a great vibe and delicious empanadas!
We must have tried 10 flavors between the 4 of us and they were all amazing!
The ranch/ cilantro dressing with a few items (salads and appetizers) was also amazing.
Very interesting flavor combos for the empenadas and delicious flaky crust.
Superb!
Great new find for me!
Oh and I love the stamps to label everything!
And the beautiful mural and all the cactus.
Its a creative place!

Cons: I am a fan of spices.
In all honesty, I did not really taste a lot of spice in any of the dishes I tried today.
I also thought the empanada's were a bit on the small side.
Finally, I was not a big fan of the  ham.
Seemed more like farmer john boiled ham in cubes then a real smoked or cured ham.
Don't get me wrong it tasted good, but if I wanted lunch meat I would have got a sandwich.
Pro's Some of the nicest people I have met.
The girl that waited on me was respectfully dressed.
She was kind, courteous, and more than willing to go over everything on the menu and make recommendations.
There was a gentleman on a laptop that introduced himself to me, shook my hand, and thanked me for coming in.
There was a slightly older gentleman that held the door open for me, and everyone thanked me for coming in and asked me to come again as I left.
Finally, the food is very reasonably priced.
Food- Now as i said before in my opinion, I though the empanadas themselves were a bit on the small side.
However, they are budgeted for their size.
So don't walk in thinking 1 or 2 is probably going to feed you if you have a big appetite.
I came in with the attitude of  the empanadas would be the size of a cornish pasty.
When I saw the price I was like wow this is going to be a great deal.
It ended up being a fair deal.
Their pork is pretty decent.
Their black bean and cheese was really good, their cubana which is pork, ham, cheese.
I was slightly disappointed because again what I expected was not what I got.
I figured it would be a shaved smoked or a cured ham.
The sides I got were black beans and rice.
Plus a cabbage salad.
All fairly decent, nothing to right home about.
Final thoughts- Spice it up, maybe try a different type of ham and don't be afraid to tell people empanada's are hand sized.
It's the only thing keeping me from giving five stars.
In all honesty, I probably would have given three stars on the food because nothing stuck out as great or terrible.
What really makes this place though are the people.
I am glad I met them today.
It's nice to see more places coming to downtown mesa and more business owners need to take a tip from these folks and appreciate their customers.

Super stylish, super hip, super friendly and SUPER GOOD.
I never knew white rice could be so savory, and the beans were keen, too!
The empanadas are just exquisite!!!!!!
I HIGHLY recommend Rupublica Empanada!!!
It's truly a gem of downtown Mesa!

Wow, deliciously different.
Made a bit of sampler platter with my wife.
Tried 8 different empanadas...all delicious, but the Boricua and El Capitan were my favorites....primarily for being so different and complex.
Great melange of flavors.
Loved the spicy green sauce they give you on the side.
The restaurant is very clean, great, friendly and efficient staff.
They are very helpful explaining the different ingredients.
Great addition to Downtown.

Delicious, cheap food.
The staff are really nice, hardworking people.

Ever since the boyfriend and I discovered empanadas in New York we have been dreaming of finding something comparable close to home.
Enter Republica Empanada.
When we saw the menu online we got excited because there were a variety of options, many quite similar to what we had experienced in NYC.
Our expectations were high and Republica Empanada did not disappoint.
We both ordered the lunch special - 2 empanadas, rice, beans and salad for $7.50.
I chose the Hawaiian and the El Capitan, both were very, very good.
The shell was done just right - crispy but not greasy.
And there was plenty of filling with a good ratio of ingredients.
They served them with a spicy cilantro sauce on a side that definitely had a kick but was very tasty.
The rice and beans, though simple, were flavorful and a nice complement to the empanadas.
The place itself is clean, contemporary and comfortable.
The staff was very pleasant and helpful explaining the menu options.
One thing to watch out for when going there - they are on First AVE. Apple maps will take you to First STREET (thanks a lot SIRI!
) So watch out for that.
I can't wait to go back and try a few of the other flavors.
This is sure to become a regular place for us.

It's on 1st AVE NOT 1st St. Had Acho Pollo platter with cilantro jalapeño salsa stuff.
HOLY COW!!!!
Fantastic!!!
Wife and daughter had rice pudding for dessert but I'm loving this cilantro after taste.
Great service.
Family owned.
We are definitely coming back.

These guys have a great little restaurant.
Food is excellent.
I'm excited to see what they do with the place.
Hope the salads and entree selection on their menu grows!

I'm so addicted to RE.
I crave their bean and cheese Empanadas and yuca fries literally everyday!
I also love their platter that has the various plantains and yuca!
Great design too, a gem in downtown mesa :)

The vibe is cool and the staff was very nice, but I was not super impressed with my empanada.
I had a Nutella and peanut butter one, and it was deep fried a little too long.
All I could taste was grease and there was barely any filling.
If I go back I think I'll try a savory empanada instead!

Another place in downtown Mesa that is missing  the boat.
No paper menus to go.
SLOW service.
The food looked exellent but I'm a busy professional, I can't wait or take a hour llong lunch, unless I get a job woriking at the Courthouse or the City of Mesa--good pay, cake jobs, count me in.

The place was fairly easy to find, we were greeted and sat immediately despite the rush.
Did take a while to get our drink order due to short staffing.
Otherwise, the food totally made up for it!
A nice, and much needed spot in the Mesa area!

I love this place.
Delicious food, reasonably priced.
Seems like the owners are always here making everyone feel like family.
The pumpkin empanada was delicious.
Cheeseburger empanada also did not disappoint.
Nice to see a family business in downtown Mesa giving it a go.

I used to eat at this building years ago.
I think it was called Casa Rosa's at the time, but when I moved I wasn't able to visit again until after the business had shut down.
For the first time in years, I saw this place open, so I excitedly pulled into one of the street side parking spaces and walked in.
The general idea of the place is the same.
There is a tv, but the giant screen projection tv is gone for anybody that remembers it.
You must walk in and go immediately left to see the counter where you order.
All of the furniture is new and the interior has been completely remodeled from the looks of it.
The employees were extremely helpful and polite, and I believe it was the owner that introduced himself to me.
I ordered the Cubano, which alone is not nearly enough for a meal even though it was delicious.
It was served with an excellent avocado sauce (didn't seem quite like guac).
They have a full selection of beverages imported from Mexico and therefore not including high fructose corn syrup.
Order one of these with a two empanada lunch combo.
Their prep time was very fast making this a good place for a lunch break or date.
It also looks like they're applying for their beer license (exciting).
If you haven't been here since the building reopened in July 2013, it's definitely worth stopping by if you're in downtown Mesa around lunchtime.

Great lunch special!
Simple and delicious.
Pick your two empanadas and it comes with rice, black beans, and cabage salad.
Afordable.
The place is modern and love that they have a couch to relax after finishing your meal.
Customer service great.

My favorite thing about spending a summer in Argentina was trying to eat the most delicious food, as often as possible.
Empanadas were a staple, and always mouthwatering.
Republica Empanada nails it every single time- super authentic, every time I crave my Argentinian staple I have to come here!
Mushroom and chicken is my favorite.
Stop in and support, it's an awesome mom and pop place that's a must for lunch.
Hoping they expand to Phoenix and Scottsdale soon!

First time here.
I loved it!
Excellent food.
Great atmosphere and friendly people.
Absolutely perfect!

This place is Fantastic!
The empinadas are perfect and not oily or dry.
The Pernil is my favorite along with the Posole.
They serve beer and wine and are working on getting their liquor licence.
The lunch special is filling and delicious.
Or try the Posole for your lunch.
A great way to go.
The place has a great vibe, the staff are friendly and nice and the bathrooms are always clean!
I like supporting small business, and this is a win win!

What an awesome place!
To start with, the staff is great.
they're very friendly and come around often to check on you.
The owner is really nice and pleasant and we had a very nice conversation with him.
Now the food, Awesome!!!
We tried a variety of empanadas and they were all great.
The Jalapeno one was especially good.
The dessert empanada fig cheese and caramel was delicious!
This place is wonderful!
We will definitely be back and we highly recommend that you try it!

I used to have the empanadas served here back when it was the owner selling them from a small mobile shop.
The restaurant has grown but the food has remained uniformly excellent.
Delicious, filling, inexpensive and a fun atmosphere.
I just took my mother here, visiting from Michigan.
She's says: "minimal setting ad frills, and just really, really great food.

Nestled close to downtown, this place is a hidden gem in Mesa and definitely worth discovering!
Although small inside & a slightly limited menu, containing empanadas savory and sweet (some gluten free, wheat, and vegetarian choices) a few appetizers, platters, a couple sides, soup and salads, Republica Empanada was big on flavor!
Beverages consist of RC products on tap, bottles of fully loaded Pepsi, Coke, Jarritos in several fruity flavors, canned soda, lemonade and tea.
I ordered the Greek empanada filled with sautéed spinach, creamy feta, and kalamata olive, thanks to the suggestion of our awesome server Heidi, and that day's special, the Jalapeno popper empanada with cream cheese, ham, and roasted jalapenos, both melt in your mouth savory perfection!
Oh and the jalapeno cilantro ranch is amazing, so great I could put it on both and could have finished it with a spoon!
My daughter had the buffalo chicken which she wanted me to say that it was soooo good and from the one bite she was sweet enough to share I agree, it was soooo good!
Only wished the empanadas were bigger but for my waistline's sake glad they're not because I want to try them all!
Dinner isn't complete without dessert, so we ordered "the King" an empanada stuffed with peanut butter & banana.
Little Miss loved it and by the last bite was saying thank you, thank you very much!
(LL) I had melt in your mouth sweet perfection, fig and caramel empanada made with fig, mozzarella cheese, & South American dulce de leche, a definite must try!
Great food, prices and service will definitely keep me coming back for more!

Walking into RE you are greeted with a nice clean dining room with tasteful art and a slight industrial theme (the light bulbs are pretty cool).
The empanada's are very tasteful, although I would like to see some more onion in the cheeseburger empanada.
I also tried the El Capitan, Mushroom Chicken, and Jalapeno Popper; all were VERY good!
The staff was very friendly and the service was excellent.
If you are looking for a nice lunch in a good atmosphere, visit Republica Empanada.
I plan on going back and trying a few more empanada flavors along with their yummy house green salsa.

My oldest daughter and I met up with a friend and her daughter for dinner , the placed picked Republica Empanada.
We walked in and where greeted right away, and our server was Heidi, who was amazing & helpful!
For starters I ordered Tostones, fried green plantains severed with creama and this amazing cilantro jalapeno ranch sauce, this was a great starter, I loved it, the plantains where cooked perfectly and the combination of the creama & cilantro jalapeno ranch sauce was perfect!
They flowed well with each other, so good!
Now they do offer sweet & savory empanadas, and for the savory I went with the Republica Chicken and the Cubana.
The Cubana was slow roasted pork, ham, mozzarella & dill pickle, it was very tasty, I enjoyed it very much.
The Republica Chicken was chicken & veggies with some seasoning.
OMG AMAZING!!
I need to try out the rest of the savory ones, but right now the Republica Chicken is my fav!!
Now for the sweet!!!
I ordered the fig, cheese & caramel & Nutella & banana.
The fig empanada had figs, mozzarella and South American style Dulce de Leche, this was amazing, I loved the combinations of everything!
Figs, Cheese and Caramel, yes please!
The Nutella & Banana AAAAAMMMMMMAAAAZZZZZIIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!!
I am a Nutella loving fool, love that stuff, and this empanada was perfect!!
So so good!!!
I enjoyed everything I had tried and everything is so reasonably priced, didn't even break the bank account for everything!
Great service and great food look forward to coming back and trying more empanadas out!

A very cool restaurant in downtown Mesa!
We tried several of the empanadas and loved all of them.
Great staff, nice location next to the community garden.
This is definitely going to be a regular.

I recently heard of this empanada restaurant and I just had to make sure I would go and try it out.
I lived in South America for 2 years and empanadas was a food that I ate just about every day down there.
At the Republica Empanada, I ordered the ham and cheese, buffalo chicken, and the beef (El Capitan).
The ham and cheese and the El Capitan were very good and they tasted pretty much like the ones I ate in Paraguay.
I was not impressed with the buffalo chicken empanada.
I love buffalo wings, but this empanada did not have the "buffalo" flavor that I was expecting.
They used gorgonzola in the buffalo chicken empanada, so that may be the reason I could not taste and "buffalo" flavor.
We also ordered yuca frita (fried yuca) with was good.
In Paraguay, you pretty much have mandioca (yuca, cassava) with every meal you eat.
It was nice to eat yuca frita again.
If you like empanadas, give this place a try, it is good.

These are the best empanadas I've ever had.
The empanada dough is perfect.
It's thin and crisp - not so thin that it's falling apart and not too crisp that it's hard to eat.
The fillings are delicious and the dessert empanadas are uuuuhmazing!
We came here two times in two days because we are out-of-towners and had to get as many empanadas as we could!
I liked the Republica Chicken, Bean and Cheese, the Fig, Cheese, and Caramel desert empanada, and the guava and cheese.
I'm seriously thinking the drive from LA might be worth it!
Plus the staff is very friendly and welcoming.
I can't wait to come back.

Just happen to be in the area with the wife and decided to check them out.
We were getting ready to see a concert at the nearby casino and needed to fuel up on some craft beer and get a quick sampling of their Empanadas.
Nice job on the remodeling of an old building that looks like it could have been everything from possibly a bank to several Mexican food joints.
Inside is pleasantly decorated with a happy face greeting us at the door.
Nice!
Started off with a couple of tasty locally brewed Hefeweizen beers from SanTan Brewing Co.
They even brought us a cute little chilled glass to make the occasion special.
There are also several other choices of beer and a few of wine that you can choose.
Had to try out the Cubana, El Capitán, Republica Chicken and the Pernil Empanada.
They were all really good.
My favorite was El Capitán and the wife really liked Pork Pernil.
The Empanadas were cooked perfectly and had a nice amount of well seasoned filling inside.
We have had these kind of treats at several restaurants here in town and think these were the best tasting yet.
Been to a couple of restaurants where they reheat them in a microwave or toaster oven.
Party Foul.
This place makes them correctly and with a lot of TLC.
Looking forward to coming back so that we can try out their Sweet side of the menu and the Albondigas Soup that was offered to us on our last visit.
They also have Salads, Appetizers and a few Platters that look really delicious.
I'LL BE BACK!
4.25 STARS

Overall the night went very well the moment we walked in.
Our waitress was very kind, happy, and helpful.
I ordered the Hawaiian and for dessert the Nutella & Banana   they were to good to just have one so i ordered two more :)

What a fun, delicious find in downtown Mesa.
We loved the decor, music and most importantly the food.
The empanadas are excellent!
I had the Chicken and Jalepeno Popper one.
It's worth a drive if you don't live close.

Great place and nice change of pace from typical good found in the valley - empanadas are a wide range of fillings and there is something for everyone.
Try the sweet empanadas for dessert they are great

Lovely interior, just enough comfort-to-hip ratio.
Went there for the first time Monday night got 4 empanadas and a desert for take out.
The food was delicious!!!
and we will be going there to eat in next time.
As I was waiting for my food I noticed that the staff were engaged and informative and customers were enjoying the atmosphere as much as the food.
Go there to eat and hang out it will make a wonderful evening.
Ps the food is mostly somewhat Puerto Rican & Caribbean style -ish and tastes just like you hope it will.

I went to Republica Empanada after researching local places.
Their fig, mozzarella and dulce de leche empanada caught my eye so I grabbed my partner in crime and went for lunch on a Friday afternoon.
The place is tiny but very clean and nicely decorated.
Not ideal with children.
Inside it has one long table (bar) with bunch of chairs and about 8-10 small tables with 2-4 chairs each.
They do have an outside seating area but I didn't go out.
The place was rated A by health department as well.
I went just before noon and it was already busy.
By the time 12:30 hit, it was packed.
But they are very fast and lines moved quickly.
The food didn't take long to come out and in the meantime, you get the enjoy the delicious smell.
We got 6 empanadas total.
4 meal and 2 sweet.
We had the buffalo chicken, mushroom chicken, pernil, boricua, Ruiz's pieces and fig cheese & caramel.
The savory ones were filled and generous.
The pernil was tender and flavorful.
The boricua is pernil with rice, peas, etc.
and it had a tiny bit of spice and even better than the pernil.
The buffalo chicken wasn't overpowering buffalo flavor and mushroom chicken was savory and moist with good spices.Ruiz's pieces was nutella and peanut butter.
It was generously sprinkled with powder sugar and inside was warm and gooey.
The star of the show for me was fig cheese and caramel.
Dried fig with melted mozzarella and dulce de leche.
What an interesting combination of flavors but it worked wonderfully together.
It also came generously sprinkled with powder sugar.
It's a great local hole in the wall.
We both loved everything about the place but the food is definitely worth the trip.
It's a bit hidden but look for a red sign, it's hard to miss from the corner.
Definitely a great find!

I like this little joint.
It's small, clean, and has a hip vibe.
The pernil empanadas were tasty.
The crust is the main attraction, crisp but not greasy.
The outer crust is made with flour rather than with cornmeal which is fine.
I like both crusts as long as they're done right.
The meat is flavorful, but slightly on the drier side.
The version with rice and beans and pernil was OK, but I liked the straight pernil better.
The ground beef was good also.
I guess I subscribe to the "less ingredients is more," approach to empanadas.
Would've liked to have tried the chicken, but they were already out at 5pm on a Saturday.
The empanadas are a good size and my friend and I split 3 so we could try a variety.
The green dipping sauce was a bit on the bland side, and I would've liked to have had a house made red sauce option.
We also ordered yucca, which is always great right out of the fryer, but cut quite thick so it can get starchy when it cools down.
The hearts of palm salad was enormous, and can easily be shared between 2-4 people.
It's packed full of fresh ingredients but it overall it wasn't anything special and the green dressing was also on the watery blander side.
The plantain patty that comes with the salad was crispy and had a great texture.
Again, it was fried but not greasy.
I will probably just skip the salad next time, and save room for more empanadas, which are the star of the show.
Servers were casual but very attentive.
I don't get to the the East side much, but the next time I catch a show at the Mesa Arts, I will make a stop.
It's literally walking distance.

Excellent fried empanadas + soccer on the TV.

We were impressed with the freshness and quality of the ingredients.
Everything was homemade, and there was great attention to detail.
The server was attentive to our needs.
It was reasonably priced.
The food was delicious.
It reminded me of my time spent in Latin America.
What else could you ask for?
We'll definitely be going back :)

went with my husband last nite for date nite & we had a wonderful time.
the staff was helpful & friendly.
we tried a a variety of the empanada flavors & they were all great not a bad one they were all crisp & flavorful.the dessert ones were heaven.
all in all it was a great restaurant, layed back vibe you have to try it out, you won't be disappointed.

We were looking for a dog friendly restaurant and called up Republica Empanada and they let us bring him out on the patio with us.
A good start  Their Tostones were very, very good.
Large and enough for 3-4 people to start.
We decided to all try a few and share, everything was great.
The Cuban was tasty and the Capitan was particularly good.
The house Pork was also amazing.
We will be back, we are always looking for good spots to eat.
Prices aren't too bad when you consider the flavor!

This restaurant was like a little slice of hipster downtown Phoenix in Mesa.
The space is nicely decorated and has a 'cool' atmosphere.
I went with a friend and we each got the dinner plate.
Unfortunately, they were out of more than half of their variety of empanada... it was only around 6 pm....
Anyway, the empanadas I ended up getting were very good.
Got the Cubana and the Boricua.
The Cubana was very flavorful, and though I don't typically like ham, I really liked this.
The Boricua was also good with pulled pork and a yellow rice.... it even has olives in it, which I don't like, but I liked this.
The crust of their empanadas was thin and crispy....really delicious.
The green sauce they provide is good, with nice heat, but is really strong with raw onion...
I could taste it in my mouth all night.
The dinner plate also came with rice and beans (which were both pretty standard, nothing special) and maduros which were very tasty.
We shared dessert, a fig and cheese with ice cream...this was tasty, but I didn't think the ice cream added too much...for the extra 3$, just get a second empanada.
I would definitely come back here if I were in the neighborhood again.

Yum yum!
Decent prices, clean, friendly and different.
We will definitely come back.

Republica Empanada is the perfect little lunchtime gem I've been looking for in the area.
I almost don't want to sing its praises because it is at the top of my lunchtime list and I don't want to throw any elbows for a seat.
But.
It deserves some love, so I'll share I guess.
What's not to love about empanadas?
It's the latin american equivalent of a hot pocket but instead of processed bread and mystery meat, there's no mystery and tons of flavor.
RE does empanadas right with a perfectly flaky crust that serves as a sleeping bag for quality fillings of beans and cheese, potato, pork and even figs.
Two is enough to fill me up at lunch, but I could probably eat more if naptime were an option afterwards.
My favorite so far is the El Capitan which is a mixture of ground beef, green olives, hard cooked eggs and raisins.
I know, I hate raisins too, but it works in this empanada.
I also really like the bean and cheese empanada which is simple but so good.
The only one I haven't cared for so far was the potato which I felt was under seasoned and just didn't work for me texture-wise.
The lunch time special is great-for $6.95 you get two empanadas (selection of which ones qualify for the lunch special changes daily) with rice and beans.
It's just enough food to be satisfied without leaving that post-lunch food hangover.
They also have a fantastic early week special that runs Monday and Tuesday 6P-10P of four empanadas+four beers (OR a bottle of wine) for the baller on a budget price of $20.
It makes for a great happy hour, particularly on Mondays, because Mondays are just hard.
The decor is super cute and they have an enclosed patio which is a plus come summertime.
The inside layout features a dining bar that stretches almost the length of the restaurant and then a handful of two and four tops.
It's not the biggest space, so I imagine it can get pretty crazy during the lunch time rush which I've never witnessed because I'm always hungry by 10:30, which makes my lunchtime no later than 11:30.
If you work in the area or are just passing through downtown Mesa-definitely worth a stop!

What should you eat?
The Cubano empanada with a side of tostones.
And get a little extra of that jalapeño ranch - you'll want it.
When should you go?
After 6 PM on Mondays and Tuesdays, apparently.
They do a $20 "flight night" deal: 4 flights of beer, 4 empanadas, all for less than a tank of gas.
And all their beer is localish - there's some Portland and Mexican brews, but there's selections from Phoenix, Tempe, Chandler, and even Mesa.
My only regret: Other than not coming during that 4-for-20 nonsense extravaganza, I wish I'd had room to try one of the sweet empanadas.
After two empanadas and sharing the caribé platter (which, delicious), I couldn't eat another bite.
But oh man, did I want to.

Stopped in here on a Wednesday night at 7pm.
There was only one other couple there eating, we were grabbing something to go.
We ordered a couple empanadas each.
Wife had the potato empanada and the fig and cheese.
Both were really good.
I had the pernil and the chicken with mushroom.
Both were good but the pernil was the best.
The green sauce they give you is really good.
Has a little spice to it but it is just right.
After eating two empanadas I could use a third.
They do have a happy hour that ends at 7.
Not sure what the specials are, but they do serve beer and wine.
They have a special Monday and Tuesday, $20 for 4 empanadas and 4 beers.
Must be shared with 2 people.

This place is great.
Right next to my job, super convenient for lunch.
The lunch special is a lot of food for a good price.
There are so many flavors, I can't keep track of my favorites.
I just know the green sauce is amazing with all of them.
And be sure to try the fig cheese & caramel dessert, ah-mazing.

My new favorite place.
I've eaten many empanadas in my lifetime because my Puerto Rican god-grandmother has fed them to me my entire life, and I haven't had any other that even come close to comparing besides the empanadas here.
The first time I came here I probably had like four or five, not even joking.
It's so hard to choose just one.
10/10, would recommend to everyone.

Finally a good empanada place ;) Favorites so far are the El capitan and jalapeño popper with ham.
Also tried the Cubano and buffalo chicken along with the chicken with mushroom ;) The restaurant is small but friendly hipster type of place.
They have a great beer selection.

Delicious  food, amazing latin American tastes.
Yucca frita was amazing... reminded me of home .
So good to be able to present some of my comfort foods to my friends.
Definitely will go back

If the revitalization efforts  of Mesa's downtown restoration succeed, places like Republic Empanada can take a lot of the credit.
Briefly, a comfy cozy place with hip music and good solid food, albeit, mostly empanadas.
The decor try's a little hard, but I applaud the effort.
The light fixtures are awesome and I love the couch.

Meh, not impressed and kind of over-priced for what you get.
Ordered two different empanadas and the pozole.
One of the empanadas was way over done and the other was just right which was of course the one that came with beans in it which I didn't like but was recommended.
The pozole was beef and reminiscent of canned beef vegetable soup.
Overall expected better, but may try them again.

Yummmm!
Came in today for the lunch special, which came with a choice of 2 empanadas and all three of their sides.
As a vegetarian, I was delighted that their rice and beans were both veggie!
I went for the cheese and potato, the potato was my favorite, so good.
The cheese was a giant mozzarella stick of deliciousness.
My sister ordered a bean and cheese empanada, she's a veggie too, and TWICE empanadas came out with meat in them.
The employees were very apologetic and we could tell it wasn't purposefully, as if a prep cook had accidentally mixed them up, but could have been bad if my sister had actually taken a bite.
But as I said, they were nice about it, and I wouldn't hold it against them.
We also ordered three....
Yes three.... Dessert empanadas!
Guava and cheese is where it's at.
I'm excited to come out on a Monday or Tuesday for their special!
Beer and fried goodness.
Nom!

Great new gem in downtown Mesa!
Light, flaky delicious empanadas.
One person can have 2-3 and still have room for a dessert empanada.
I had the Boricua, El Capitán and the Cubano.
All equally delicious and honest to their menu descriptions.
Good bottled beer selection and the restaurant was clean, tidy and modern.
The service was attentive and friendly.
So happy to see a good and unique restaurant in Mesa.

Busy Friday night and Republica is as loud as a junior high lunch room.
It was so noisy we couldn't hear our server and I don't think she could hear us because I wound up with an order of Papas Fritas that I thought was included in the dinner special as an appetizer.
They served it after we were well into the meal so we were puzzled when it showed up.
They were generously seasoned with rosemary.
I had a black bean salad which was large and fresh.
My partner had a special that included 2 empanadas which he thought were OK.
Skip the Reisling at $6 for a juice glass size and the glass was warm.
We thought it was a little pricey.

My boyfriend and I came during HH so beers were a dollar off.
They have a great selection of local craft beers as well as some Latin American ones.
We started with the Combo Caribe appetizer which was delicious and well worth $7.
I can't decide if the yuca frita or tostones were my favorite (but that's okay because you get a generous portion of all three choices).We each ordered two empanadas.
I got the bean and cheese (classic, nothing too crazy) and the achiote (different but delicious).
Both were delicious--seasoned well and nice and flaky.
My boyfriend got the jalapeño popper and the republica chicken.
Both were excellent, definitely  try the popper!
All in all, 4 beers, 4 empanadas, and an appetizer for $30.
Most excellent.

I just ate here.
It is Saturday at around 3:30 so we had to order dinner menu which was more expensive.
I had the El Capitan empanadas with the dinner option.
They were OK but not great.
My husband had the Arroz con Pollo and is average too.
I really like the ambience so I'll give it another try someday,  maybe a happy hour.
They seem to have lots of beers if you like that.

Stopped for the first time two weeks ago after seeing the menu posted at Costco of all places!
Ordered the lunch special combo with the Greek, Mushroom Chicken and a 3rd Jalapeno Popper.
First and third were very tasty -- second was good but I would try something different next time more challenging.
The décor was nice and the staff did a great job.
I'll visit again soon for lunch!

Food was OK.
It's different than anything around so that is appetizing.
I'm not a fan of ham, Green and Kalamata Olives, so that eliminates 89% of their menu for me.
I tried the buffalo chicken and the cheeseburger.
I'd eat the chicken one again, but the ground beef pocket I can do without.
My stars are actually for the decor, service, and beer selection.
The place would get more stars from me once they make more affordable, appetizing empanada combinations.
but for someone like my dad, that likes nasty tasting olives, this may be 5 stars.
The empanadas are $3 each, but are small.
good luck getting full for less than $10.

Everything is great great great!
One of my favorite places!

This might be apocryphal but many in Latin America claim that God didn't rest on the 7th day, he celebrated by creating the empanada.
A few visits to Republica Empanada and you will become a true believer to this sentiment.
While the place might have a serious hipster facade the owners behind the scenes are the genuine real article.
It's this type of restaurant that Yelp was made for.
Plan on making a few visits because you'll want to sample everything.

This was my first time eating an empanada.
I got the black bean and cheese and the Hawaiian.
For desert, we got the Nutella and bananas (with ice cream and wipped cream of course).
Delicious!!
Oh, we also got the Papas Fritas.
They are potato fries with house seasoning.
So so good!
I highly recommend them.
Can't wait to go back and try some more.
I'm now an empanada fan!

This is a friendly, tasty, fried fast food joint.
Fried but not greasy!!
I'm here with a group and the outside/inside choice is perfect.
Everyone, even veggie lovers are happy!!
The pernil empa is crispy but not greasy, with a delicious meatball of juicy pork.
Also loved the plantains, rice and black beans!
And the sweet empas were good too.
Dinner for $11!
A real find

This place is the BOMB.COM!
Go there you will not be disappointed!
The straight up cheese enchiladas takes you to the streets of Chile!
Soooo good!

We tried 6 different empanadas and everything was excellent!
Service was good and food was awesome!
We will definitely come back.
The fig cheese and caramel desert empanada was our favorite!

Costa Rica food with South American flavor.
It is a small fast food set up but the food is very good.

The food was great!
I tried the republica chicken, cheese, and Nutella banana.
They were all wonderful, and came out really quickly.
The interior was very clean and modern.
All of the empanadas were $3-3.50, so they're great for even just a snack before going to the art center or museum.

Do you like empanadas, do you hate empanadas?
Well, whichever it is, you will love this place.
They have everything to spiced ground beef and veggies to Fig and Cheese empanadas.. also me not being a fan of Nutella, LOVES their Nutella Empanada !

This is fantastic.
The empanada were amazing.
My favorite was the cubano with pork ham cheese and pickles but the pbj and plantain and cremA were also amazing.
The plantains were out of this world and the cassava with jalapeno ranch was also delightful.
It was busy put not packed which was weird considering the high quality combined with reasonable prices.
Beer selection was also superb.
Try it!!

This place is amazing!
The staff & atmosphere were great and the food even better!
I had the Pernil (seasoned pork) empanada & it was fantastic!
But take my advice: though you'll be tempted to keep trying more of the deliciousness in the 'main course' or meat empanadas, pace yourself, because ALL of the sweet, dessert empanadas are equally amazing (the plantain & crema is the BEST in my opinion!).
They also had a great, local beer selection!
Great food, great prices & great service!

Just came in and ordered several empanada s to try.
Ham and cheese  El capitan The Cuban The peril The boricua The cheese And finally a sweet empanada, the fig cheese and caramel.
My favorites in the savory category are the boricua and the fig cheese caramel was jaw droppingly amazing.
The boricua is filled with rice, peas, ham and is so moist it drips with a homemade sofrito sauce.

Headed here with the husband and a friend for the first time last night and fell in love with this place!
The parking lot was a little tight to navigate, but there is plenty of street parking surrounding this location, so don't fret!
We headed in to this eclectically designed venue and opted for a high top table since all the regular tables were taken up with patrons and it was a little too hot out to enjoy the patio seating.
Fortunately we made it in time to squeeze in a happy hour drink order before the 7 p.m. end - $1 off wine and beer.
I hoped for Sangria, but they didn't have any, however, they said they were working on getting it in, so fingers crossed for next visit!
My husband and I both ordered the dinner platter since it came with maduros, rice, black beans and salad, along with the choice of 2 empanadas.
We had the El Capitan, Pernil, Chicken Republica, and Boricua - then we cut each in half and shared them between each other, so we both got to try 4 varieties!
The maduros were delicious and cooked perfectly.
I would be hard pressed to pick a favorite between the 4 empanadas we tried, I'd order them all again in a heart beat.
When we walked in we noted that they had dessert empanadas, and knew that this just had to happen, so we "saved room" for them (read as attempted to save room, really didn't have room, but ordered them anyways, cause...dessert.
)  We had the King and the Fig.
I would probably say I preferred the fig over the King, but both were great!
Overall: A A smaller restaurant (max seating of 49 people) that gives off an intimate artsy vibe with great food and nice staff!
Happy hour from 3-7 daily!

Saw all the reviews and really wanted to go.
We went for dinner on a Wednesday night and were 2 of about 5 people in the whole place.
We order the special and the rice and beans were cold.
The empanada were good but somewhat small.
Got a beer for a dollar off which was nice.
Also got two dessert empanada which were the highlight of the meal hot and good.
Food was ok but not sure I would drive the 20 minutes to come back.

Just came for the first time and I am beyond satisfied.
Everything was amazing and at reasonable prices.
The Greek empanada and the Fig, cheese, caramel are the best tasting empanadas I have ever had and I am Puerto Rican, I've eaten many empanadas in my time.
Service was great and the place is very clean.
Even met the owner who was nice and attentive.
This is must try!
We are definitely coming back.

A real hidden treasure awaits you in this downtown location and it's worth the trip from anyplace in metro Phoenix.
They really got a grip on Empanadas!!
Give this place a try you will be pleasantly treated!

Great beer choice ( though not draft) and the food is EXCELLENT.
The fig and cheese dessert Empanada was a perfect, sweet and savory finish.
Mondays and Tuesdays you can get 4 empanadas and four beers ( or a bottle of wine) for $20 (2 People min.
) I highly recommend this chic, little hole in the wall joint.

The fig carmel empanada is worth the trip on it's own.
Also really liked the rest.
Definitely going back again.

Amazing all the time!
Everything is really freaking good and I've tried half the empanadas on the menu.
They are small so get 2 or 3.
The gallo pinto brings me back to Costa Rica.
The coconut porter was also a pleasant surprise.
It has a trendy feel but still mom n pop.
I like to think of it as a Costa Rican Cornish Pasty with way fewer hipsters, and no draft beer.

Very rarely do I give a 5 however these empanadas are amazing, at least the ones I ordered!
I had the jalapeño popper, la boricua, fig cheese and caramel, Nutella and banana and Cubana.
Very friendly staff.
Fast service and VERY affordable.
I would have gotten 1 of each if I could.
Great selections.

My friend and I were hungry last night but didn't know what we wanted or where to go so we pulled up Yelp.
Yep, we found this place because we like new places that are off the beaten path.
We were not disappointed!!
The atmosphere is inviting, the service is personal and the food is AMAZING!!
Simple ingredients done right!!
Definitely going back!

All I can say is OHH MYYYY!
Took one bite and was in heaven.
I think I gained 5 lbs today, but worth it.
I had the lunch special since I could not decide what to do...come with beans, rice and cabbage salad.
The cashier was very friendly and helpful.
Everyone there is very friendly.
Nice people Good food.
The lunch special comes with two choices.
I had the chicken and mushroom (very good) and the el capitan which was very flavorful.
Both were excellent.
So I had to have desert.... banana and nutella... this was out of this world.
I will be back to gain some more lbs.

I wanted to like this place more.
Perhaps my experience with home made empanadas from a variety of sources growing up makes me more critical than the average yelper for this type of food.
We tried the fried appetizer.
It had a fried yukon, tostones (non ripe platanos) and platanos.
Having spent a few years in Puerto Rico where these are served quite commonly I would say it was okay.
I tried the chicken and beef empanadas along with a meal that included rice, beans and another forgettable side.
The filling on the empanadas was generous.
However, they seemed to lack spice and flavor.
They were actually quite bland for my taste.
The highlight of the meal was the fig and cheese empanadas.
If I go back to this restaurant it will be to enjoy this dessert again.
For the low price of the meal you really can't go wrong.
But some of the reviews claiming they serve the best empanadas are a bit over inflated in my opinion.

I have to say.... YUM!
My first time here and so much more to try!
So it's a quaint little mom and pop store.
Clean and cute.
There is both off the street parking and a parking lot.
We were seated immediately at lunch hour on the July 4th.
The waitress was attentive and did her job well.
Now for the food!
I ordered Boricua which is rice, peas and pork , my daughter, not so adventurous had ham and cheese, we split an order of their homemade seasoned  fries that had a yummy green sauce.
I also ordered the fig empanada.
If I only go back there again  for one thing it would be for that fig empanada!
I really liked the Boricua the pork was amazing.
I can't wait to go back and try more!

Why are you on YELP reading about this place and NOT eating here?
Holy balls, this place is amazzzzzing.
I have single-handedly converted a small army of people to adoring this place.
Really, it's all fab, except for the Buffalo Empanada.
The ham and cheese is fabulous, the black bean salad to die for, the fig and cheese empanada my BFF.
Plus, BOTH my kids eat whatever the get here.
Go here now.

Delicious!
Went for lunch and they had an awesome lunch special; 2 empanadas, cabbage salad, rice and beans.
The service was very welcoming, I felt like I walked into a friends home, it was very clean, and had 2 large screen TV's.
The food was absolutely delicious.
We got 4 different empanadas ALL were yummy!!!
We will be back and I highly suggest your check it out too.

Arrived around 5 for dinner and the restaurant was entirely empty.
This was nice as we had great service and the entire menu was explained to us by our waiter.
He suggested the combo app platter that had tostonies, fried plantains, yucca & two dipping sauces which was a jalapeno ranch and regular ranch.
This was good but did fill you up pretty quick.
He recommended the dinner combo... OK portions are huge.
Could have skipped the app combo.
Dinner special was 2 empanadas of your choice.
They have about 10 different varieties.
Also on the plate was rice, black beans and some more fried plantains.
I would have opted for the dinner special.
You can order the empanadas individually which run around $3 each, they also serve 4 different tortas with the same fillings they use for the tasty empanadas.
Place was very clean on the inside.
As we where seated a couple was leaving.
They decided to move outside by the main entrance and proceeded to smoke.
The smell of smoke did fill up the dinning room and the owner asked the patrons nicely to move away from the door which they graciously did.
The food was very good and the service was excellent.
Prices pretty decent as well.
Dinner special ran $11 and well worth every penny.

Every one we tried was delish.
I am pretty picky about empanadas because I used to live in Venezuela where they are on every corner and better than any I have had here.
They had green sauce that was legit like the Venezuelan street vendors which I haven't seen since I left.
It went well with the chicken, the rest are very fusion type empanadas but I liked that there were traditional and empanadas like the Nutella banana.
Great mix of new and old and so yummy

Republica Emanada is sooooo yummy.
The Pernil, the Cubana, the Achiote Potato- they're all delicious.
And don't get me started on the Fig Cheese and Caramel.
I'm still dreaming about it's gooey deliciousness.
The only thing I've had that I didn't love was the appetizer combo with plantains and yucca fries.
It was okay, but not particularly flavorful.
Definitely check this place out, but skip the appetizer and order an extra dessert!

Great service, reasonable prices , and an excellent variety of Spanish dishes.
I also enjoyed the local beer selection.
There's a couple of delicious vegetarian options (not your ordinary salad and veggie burger options either).
I am anxious to go back again.

Love this place!
The coconut porter was really good and the yucca fries were amazing!
I had the chicken empanada and my husband had the beef and the mushroom and chicken and everything was divine.
The sauces are all great compliments to the food.
I have actually been to South America and I know authentic empanadas.
We will definitely be returning!
Also the caramel fig empanada is amazing!!!

I had two of their empanadas and my wife and 2 others so I was able to taste 4 of them.
They were all awesome!
I don't have a favorite.
I can see me getting different ones for my different moods but they will be perfect.
We also shared plantain chips.
Yum!
I haven't had plantain since our honeymoon cruise in the Caribbean and these did not disappoint.
Probably better.
They also had some very tasty salsa-verde.
Yum!
Note: I was also very impressed with clean, hip atmosphere.
The large HD TV's playing "Back to the Future" was an added bonus.

I live very close to this place, and I would order a lunch special on a weekly if not daily basis simply because their food is top-notch in terms of flavor and freshness; however, I rarely eat there because the prices are not reasonable in terms of food portions.
What's more is the lack of business savvy that would draw more customers like myself.
I appreciate it when businesses reward frequent/ loyal customers.
I have rewards cards at all my favorite restaurants and stamp/ punch-out cards stuffed in my car to everywhere else.
Republica Empanada needs to get on that stat!
I would also visit more often if they had a set rotation to the items included on their daily lunch specials as I do not enjoy every single empanada recipe.
I'm sorry, I'm not a fan of every one of them, and they shouldn't expect ALL of their customers to love everything on their menu.
That is called the earning power of a varied menu, hullo?!
I've learned to call ahead of time and ask if my favorites are included in the day's lunch special, and I'll just get food elsewhere if I hear that they're not.
Again, for my budget, those little (but tasty) empanadas are just not worth the money at full-price hence the reason why I only go for lunch specials.
It's great food.
The owner has talked to me on most occasions when I visit.
Great atmosphere.
They would get five stars from me if their specials and business strategies were more customer-friendly.
And I have mentioned ALL of this to the owner to which he simply nodded and gave a polite smile.
Nothing more.
I've warned all my friends.
I think, in this social media age, every happy customer counts, but this owner doesn't seem to fully grasp that crucial fact.

