Dr. Bobby Lam has been my dentist since he was at Absolute dental and he's the only dentist I can trust.
I've tried at least 5 different dentists before and Dr. Lam fixed all my crowns other dentists messed up on they were hurting my gums for years and I don't have that problem anymore.
He doesn't sugarcoat or tries to over charge you on things you don't need.
He's honest and makes you feel very comfortable through out any procedure.
So glad he opened his new office closer to my house :) everyone here are super friendly too which makes your visit to a dentist a lot better (seriously who likes to go see a dentist?
It already put you in a "ugh" mood right?
) love love love how they decorated waiting room and restroom with beautiful chandeliers and nice, clean furnitures I didn't even feel like I was at dental office when I walked in.

Very cool dental place,great staff:)thx Dr.Lam for the extra toothbrush

Dr. Lam is the BEST dentist!
You can tell that he loves what he does because he makes you feel at ease and has awesome bedside manner!
when I  come in to see him, I always leave feeling my that my teeth are back to being healthy and i have a million dollar smile!
I highly recommend Dr. Lam, you will be pleased after seeing him.
Also the office is very modern and chic looking!

Great place!
Nice and clean.
Staff were so nice!
Waiting room is awesome it was so welcoming and relaxing!
Had a root canal done last week and didn't even feel a thing!
Dr. Lam made it seemed like it was just a regular teeth cleaning!
So surprise when he said it was done!
Im recommending everyone I know to you guys!
Once you guys get the service I got from them...I guarantee you wont go anywhere else but there!
Thank you Precision Dental!

The service provided by Doctor & Staff was first class.
I would definitely recommend this place all day everyday.
Need a new place for any Dental work try this place out.

First of all this is my first review on yelp for anything, lets start off Dr.Lam is the best dentist I have had period!
First class service, state of the art office, great service, friendly staff, laid back and the Hawaiian music playing was a bonus!
There is nothing to critique here lol seriously.
I went here because it was close to my house I'm glad I did, there's a reason he has 5 star reviews here definitely would recommend anyone who wants a great experience to precision dental!

Best dentist I've been to, EVER.
As soon as you walk in, you immediately get a welcoming feeling.
Office is very clean and presentable.
Staff is super friendly!
Dr. Lam has a great understanding of patient to doctor relationship.
Throughout my procedure, he kept me updated on what he was doing and made sure I was doing fine.
Glad i found this place!

After two years of not going to the dentist, I finally decided to go.
I was able to get an appointment with Dr. Lam within a week.
The office is very nice and clean.
The staff is very friendly and was very welcoming.
Jacky made sure that I understood what my insurance would cover and what my costs would be.
Rex was very thorough in my dental cleaning.
Fabi was very friendly and kept making sure I was comfortable while getting my x-rays.
Dr. Lam was very thorough in his examination and made sure I knew exactly what he was referring by showing me the pictures and x-rays and describing what he was seeing.
It was discovered that I had a small cavity and I was able to get it filled that same day.
They provided headphones and pandora music for me to listen to while they scraped away at my teeth.
They were very fast, efficient, clean, welcoming and friendly.
I did not hesitate to make my next 6 month appointment.

Dr. Bobby Lam is a ONE IN A MILLION and I am so glad I found him.
I suffer from severe anxiety and at times it limits me horribly.
Then to sit in a dentists chair on top of my panic..WOW..almost mission impossible !
From the moment I walked into his office I felt so comfortable.
His staff is so caring, personable and knowledgeable.
Even though there are others in his office waiting as well, they never forget you and see you as just a chart and another patient.
I cannot say enough about BOBBY LAM .he is a man of honor and integrity and keeps you informed of what is happening, checks to see if you are okay during any procedures and just genuinely cares about his patients.
So..in closing if you are really frightened of the dentist.
HE IS YOUR MAN.
It can't get any worse than me and he actually calmed me down, and I will continue to see only him always.

I'm about the biggest baby ever at the dentist and the cost!!
Dr lam was awesome and so was his staff.. they are all very gentle, explain everything, and you can listen to music instead of the drill by using headphones or watch Dvd... now I have great insurance.
Finally.. Dr. Lam has come up with a treatment program that will have me loving my smile again within the next few months and I'm actually excited!!
Over going to the dentist!?!
Wow

If I could give this office more than five stars I would.
The staff here is totally fantastic.
I am a person who has spent a very long time avoiding the dentist due to fears of being there and was very afraid of my visit last Friday 2/7/14.
Everyone in the office was extremely friendly and helpful.
Dr. Lam took the time to talk to me  and listen to what I had to say.
He and his staff took the time to get to know me and help make the experience a great one.
His staff took the time to explain each step and what they were doing before they did it, even if they through I already knew, so no surprises.
I was able to listen to music during the cleaning which was great.
If you are someone who is afraid of the dentist or who has had a bad experience in the past, this is the place for you.
I would recommend this office to anyone.
I will be going back for all of my future dental needs.
They have taken someone who dreaded going to the dentist and changed my mind.
I want to say a huge thank you to them and I will most certainly be back.

Got my first root canal and I am so glad I came here!
I initially went to Flamingo Smiles and was quoted $1300 for a root canal on one tooth!
That's after insurance!
I found this place on Yelp and went in for my consultation and was able to get the procedure the same day.
It was the best dental experience I've ever had.
Walked in the waiting room and office was impeccably clean and comfortable.
Dr. Lam and his staff were so kind, considerate, and professional.
They didn't try to rip me off and quoted me a quarter of what I was told by flamingo smiles.
I got to listen to Iron and Wine on Pandora through headphones the whole time they were working on my tooth.
Dr. Lam took the time to explain everything clearly before and after procedure.
The receptionists Gabby and Jackie are such sweethearts.
Above all, I didn't feel a single thing the whole time!
I was so relaxed by the atmosphere...
It was almost like getting my nails done.
Lol.
I really look forward to getting my teeth cleaned here in the future.
Precision Dental won a new client and I will definitely be referring!

I went to Precision Dental after reading all the good reviews.
I found out that Precision Dental is an excellent dental office - awesome, modern, super clean.
The staff is friendly.
Dr Lam is great, thorough in the exam while explaining to me   the xray pictures.
Rex did a superb job in cleaning my teeth.
Ava was  good and patient in taking xrays.
I don't have anything negative to say about this dental office.
One of the best!

Dr. Lam is one of the best doctor I know.
He's very precise with his work.
His office is so elegant and modern.
Great service everyone here are friendly and helpful!
I love coming here.
If I can come getting my teeth clean every 2 weeks like getting my nails done, I would be here every time!!!!
Recommend everyone should try this place out!
Good stuff!!

Dentistry is a tough business and I have heard it has a high suicide rate.
I start with this because nobody likes going to the dentist.
Meanwhile this place is very good and makes every effort to satisfy you.
That is important as a customer.
The equipment is up to date and they even had Pandora to listen to while your under the drill.
I am not a fan of Pandora, but hey it's better at the dentist then at home.
I like my radio stations.
Anyway, I recommend this place highly.
It's top notch and I have been to many dentists in living all over.
Dr. Lam is very professional and kind.
Bring your kids here too.
I was recommended by a family man who brings his.
Great job, for something that everyone hates......

I've lived in Las Vegas two years and haven't had a cleaning since I moved out here.
With that being said, I was slightly nervous...
I called and got an appointment the next day!
Staff was friendly and office was immaculate.
On top of that, I got to listen to a Pandora station of my choice while I had my teeth cleaned... awesome!

