Great customer service and friendly staff.
Cristina is very helpful!!!!
High quality diamonds for very reasonable prices.
Sophia fiori offers lifetime guarantee on its jewelry and gives appraisals too!!!
Most of the associates are GIA certified which is a huge plus when buying any kind of jewelry!

If I could give Sophia Fiori negative stars, I would.
Please do your research online and you will see they are SCAMMERS!!!!
I wish I had....The only reason I purchased from this company was because we had a friend working for their co. She actually drove me to their warehouse where I hand picked the jewels that I wanted.
Mind you, I know jewelry and I knew these were not DeBeers or Harry Winston, but they were beautiful pieces, plus I wanted to help her and let her get the commission.
I should have know something was up when they didn't want to take American Express!
This was the first red flag.
I insisted, as this was the only card I had on me, and they accepted it.
I purchased the jewels and enjoyed them, but a few months later, my friend told me that she saw the EXACT SAME bracelet I purchased for $18k on a cruise ship (SF sells on ships- another red flag), for $8k!
I never had the jewels appraised, so I wasn't sure.
I contacted Bernard Bachoura, who claims to be the designer who joined his family's business when he was 16.
I was pretty upset, as you would imagine, well Bernard's smug, arrogant attitude did nothing to calm me down.
My husband called him back and apologized, saying I was tough, but I honestly did not like the idea of my husband buying me this beautiful jewelry that was actually all a farce- because it was A COMPLETE RIP OFF.
In any case, Mr. Bachoura explained that if we got an appraisal we would "see that the bracelet was worth 18k.
" He claimed he would "stand behind his brand".
Really?
My husband and I knew this was a false claim, but went and got the appraisal anyways.
Guess what:  we got the bracelet appraised (by a leading jewelry co) for $8400.00.
So when we sent this to Bachoura what did he do, he disputed our dispute with American Express, never return phone calls, never returned emails, and the only thing he is standing behind now is shadows.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY.
THEY ARE SCAMMERS.
He may give out swag to celebs to get some press, but the REAL CLIENTS PAY FOR IT WITH SUB-STANDARD PRODUCTS AND SERVICE.

My fiancé and I purchased a very nice engagement ring on a Disney Cruise we took last November.
I fell in love with it right away because of its uniqueness.
When the first small stone in the halo fell off I returned it and got it fixed and the ring resized.
It took over a month and a half until I got it back.
I had it for around 3 months and another diamond on the side fell out.
Again I returned it this time getting it back within 2 weeks.
They had told me all the diamonds had been tightened.
Not even a week of having it another diamond on the side fell out!!
I was at a jewelers trying to get a band made for it and she told me many of the diamonds were loose!!!
I was so upset, so I called back and this time they decided to totally remake the ring in my size with more gold around the edges to hold the stones in place.
Once I finally got it back I was happy with the result.
I then took it to my jewelers who is doing my bands and he brought to my intention that my center diamond had a large inclusion in it that I had never noticed.
They said the diamond was an SI2, but clearly it is an I1.
I do not remember having this inclusion before.
Did they switch it??
I am using a diamond from my grandmother's ring that is of better quality to replace the center stone.
Overall I am extremely disappointed in the quality of the workmanship of the ring.
For how much we paid for it this should not be happening.
My jeweler here will now take care of all my problems.
I am glad that they replaced everything at no charge but the first 2 times we shipped it back we had to pay $40 each time to get it insured!!
The only other good thing is that we did not get ripped off.
My jeweler said what we paid for it is about market price though of course he could have made it cheaper.
Oh well.
It is the memories about that night and the story of how he proposed that matters.
My ring is getting worked on right now and I cannot wait to have it back with the new center stone.
Overall I would not recommend this company and never buy a ring on a cruise ship.
We sure learned our lesson!

