I initially met Francesca through Olga at Dott Photography during a boudoir shot that I did about 4 years ago.
I can't say enough about Francesca with Bobbie Pin Beauty.
She is not only talented and very artistic, but she has the sweetest, kindest disposition.
The first photo shoot that I had done was such a great experience.
Francesca added extensions into my hair.
They were so natural looking.
My make up & lashes were gorgeous.
I felt so good about myself and to this day, I treasure those photos.
After that photo shoot, she has done my hair and make up on several occasions.
Whenever I'm in town, I call her and she comes to my hotel to doll me up.
She's also worked on friends of mine before we go out.
She has such attention to detail.
I love that she has no problem giving me make up tips as she is working on me.
She doesn't work for a specific line so she uses whatever product works best from her experience.
She isn't happy unless you're happy.
She has won several awards on the wedding sites.
I don't plan on getting remarried...but if I do, you better believe that I would be calling Bobbie Pin Beauty.
So...If you're a bride, looking for a make up artist or someone that wants to be dolled up before a night on the town, I'd give Francesca a call!

Francesca is a miracle worker!
She is an absolute delight to be around and infused the room with positive energy.
I did not have a single family member or friend with me since we did not have any guests, so Francesca became my buddy, chatting with me as she transformed me into a bride and she even stayed and helped me get into my gown and get downstairs into the car.
I am Asian and she knew perfectly how to make me look natural and still beautiful.
I have had my make-up done professionally about a half dozen times and this experience was the best!!!
My husband keeps telling me how beautiful I looked and said he was so glad that I still looked like "me.
" Francesca is THE BEST.
I went through a few other make up artists before finding her and cannot be happier.
She is a real blessing.

Francesca, the owner of Bobbie Pin Beauty, is an absolute gem!
Whenever I need my hair and makeup done, be it for an event or for a photoshoot, Francesca is my go to person for the job.
There are many makeup artists in Las Vegas.
Francesca is one of the best because not only is she skilled at what she does and amazingly creative, but she also works quickly.
When you have limited time to get ready for a function, the last thing you want is to be rushing to get to the venue because the "professional" you hired took three hours to do a job that should take an hour tops.
Not only is she creative, skilled and efficient... but she is also a sweetheart!
Within 10 minutes of meeting her, I felt like I had known her for years, as we chatted and laughed as she worked her magic on my hair.
If you are a bride-to-be, a model, or just a lady wanting to look their best for a night out on the Vegas Strip, skip the makeup counter at the department stores and the overpriced casino salons and give Bobbie Pin Beauty a call.
Francesca will make you so happy you did.

As a photographer, we look for great hair and makeup, and beyond what someone might need for a special occasion.
Francesca does a fantastic job of blending and usage of color that is seamless even in the extreme detail of a pro camera.
She has a great use of color that compliments skintone and contours the face.
Francesca not only does great hair and makeup, she is indispensable on the set.
Francesca's position is just over my shoulder, seeing the angle I am seeing, and adjusting hair, or smoothing a flyaway.
This kind of attention to detail makes my job in post much simplier.
There are many MUA/HS here in Las Vegas, few who perform on set as Francesca does.
Please feel free to contact me with any more specific questions Jennifer@TransformationPhotoServices.com

Francesca is not only one of the most adorable and delightful people you will have the pleasure of meeting she is FANTASTIC at what she does.
She can pull off, flawlessly, a wide variety of looks and does it quickly.
However, not quickly in a way you feel rushed.
I used her for a fashion photo shoot and we pulled off 6 looks in 4 hours.
That is amazing!
I can't wait to work with her again and often!

Francesca is wonderful!
She did my makeup for my wedding and it was GORGEOUS!
She is super friendly and very talented!
I have never received so many compliments in my life!
She did some of my bridesmaids and my mother as well, and we all looked fantastic.
I cannot wait to get the photos back (and will definitely post some!).
She creates flawless looks without that "heavy" feel and the makeup last ALL night- even through kisses and tears!
Couldn't have been happier with Francesca and will definitely use her again for any future makeup needs!

Francesca was amazing.
They did a perfect job on my make up and hair along with my bridesmaids hair who looked absolutely beautiful.
They are soo much fun to work with and talented unlike some others I have worked with on photo shoots.
For my wedding I really shopped around and wanted some one down to earth and reasonably priced and once I met Fransesca and Kimberlie I knew they were the ones I wanted for my wedding day they fit everything I could of asked for and my girls and I were relaxed with them.
Everything came out perfect and I'm so glad I went with Bobbie Pin Beauty!

Love love love them!
Fun experience and they're super quick!
Girls night out, wedding makeup, or fun photo shoots, give them a call when you're in Vegas!

holy f-ing man, Francesca was so awesome.
I wanted my hair up in a marie antoinette hair style for my wedding, so I sent her a picture of what I wanted, and she told me no problem, unlike many of the other hair stylists who I had contacted in vegas who told me no, or quoted me at a outrageous price.
she is very reasonably priced, and does a such a good job of making you feel so pretty.
I loved my hair, it even looked better then the picture I sent her!
so thank you Francesca, you are the bees knees!

Francesca is phenomenal.
She did my hair and makeup for my husband and my elopement.
She immediately "got" the vintage look I wanted even though I was not good at describing it.
She was so sweet and kind and my hair and makeup was perfect.
I cannot recommend her highly enough

