All I can say, is Excellent!
What a voice and what talent.
I really liked the show, and Veronic gives no less than 100 percent.
It would be great if they could really capitalize on her many talents and promote her show a little better.
As someone else reviewed their is a little schtick that does nothing for the show, but with her voice, she needs no schtick at all.
I would recomend this show to anyone!

OMG I LOVE IT!!!
Veronic has an amazing talent.
She sings and dance and also shes really funny.
The backup dancers are amazing and u see they are having fun.
the only thing that i would improve its the script but even though its really nice.
I would recommend this show to everybody.

WOW, just wow!
My friend told me he bought tickets for a woman who sings in different voices, so my expectations were literally lower then low.
I'm a local but have been so busy working I haven't seen any advertising so was thinking it was going to be some cheesy old chubby lady at best and boy was I wrong!!!
Veronic is literally drop dead gorgeous and is SO talented I just don't understand why she's at Bally's?
She should be head lining at Caesars!
I mean she impersonated voices like Christina Aguilera, Adele, Amy Winehouse, Celine Dion, and many more absolutely flawlessly.
If you closed your eyes you can have sworn they were the ones singing!
I was so shocked and surprised I feel like I missed half of it.
I can't wait to take my family back, we're going as soon as they visit!
Thank you for a wonderful night :]

This French Canadian performer exceeded all my expectations.
When I saw the advertisement saying that she can sing over 50 voices, I was a little skeptical at how well she would perform this feat.
But I was absolutely blown away by her singing and imitation of the female divas such as Celine Dion, Adele, Whitney Houston to name a few.
She has a very powerful voice and her back up dancers are also very good.
I don't know where she has been hiding, but this gem should be a staple on the LV strip.
Her performances have been such a huge hit that  they have extended her stay at Bally's thru to December 2013.
Great success to you Veronic, you deserve it!

A-ma-zing!
I cannot believe how well Veronic is able to sing like every single one of these amazingly talented singers.
Every time she opened her mouth, I was literally taken aback with awe...stunned...my jaw was on the floor.
Crazy impressed.
Her range is incredible as well.
She went from a tenor to a Mariah Carey High- C with no problem what-so-ever.
WOW!
I could close my eyes, and I thought I was hearing the real thing.
She's THAT good.
The dancers are also amazingly talented.
They have a great crew, and I enjoyed being part of the soft opening of this amazing new, hot, up and coming Vegas show!
Had an opportunity to briefly meet Ms. Veronic as well, and she was very welcoming and kind and even let us take a picture with her.
Classy gal!

I saw Veronic at Ballys Las Vegas on 8/1/13 and she is simply amazing.
She is such a talented singer and her impressions are dead on for 99% of the voices she does.
Her stage presence is fantastic, she is very attractive and has lovely outfts that are sexy, yet conservative.
Her dancers are very nice and the routines are laid out very well.
The thing is that she does impressions and songs that even the very best singers would be hard pressed to perform, yet she is able to not only hit every note, but also sing the songs sounding like the original performer.
Her Whitney Houston is to die for.
As much as I loved the show, I feel that Bally's should put a little more money into the production.
Some of the best performances that she did were when she played the piano live and also one Joan Jett where she played the guitar live.
The rest of the songs were done with background music from the PA system.
She deserves her own orchestra, band or both with her own back up singers, not a doctored up karaoke track from an iPad in the mixing booth.
I wish Veronic all the success in the World and hope to see some original material from her some day.
She's THAT good and then some.
Overall, 5 stars for Veronic!
2 stars for Harrahs(Ballys) for being too cheap to put her in a setting she deserves with a live band/orchestra and backup singers.
Tickets were around 100 bucks, I would pay 135.00 for a truly live performance.
Either way, I will see her again the next time I am in Vegas, or if she tours around my hometown.

For the love of all that is good in humanity, what the hell was this?
I'll tell ya..it's a karaoke show.
Visualize a drunken night of karaoke, there is always a person or 2 or 3 that knocks it out of the park.
This show is no better than that.
I have read some pretty glowing reviews..." I close my eyes and she sounds just like (fill in the blank)".
I close MY eyes and wish I weren't there.
Veronica is good at what she does, but to call her a spot on impersonator is a stretch.
This show is perfect for someone who was 15 years old for each and every decade for the past 50 years, as she usually, (not always) picks the worst of the worst of top 40 from each decade.
It's American Idol...with one singer...all the way down to doing 60-90 second versions of each song before launching into the next gut wrenching piece of top 40 crapazoid material that plagues this show.
Oh, oh, oh, wait, she did do a Billie Holiday song, it was laughable and pitiful simultaneously.
She did a nice little set with her on piano, but here's the deal...she was ON the piano...I swear if she was really playing that thing, I will be shocked.
It looked like from my angle that she was totally finger and arm synching to the pre-recorded track.
LIsten, if you are a top 40 fan from the past 5 decades, and love listening to decent 60-90 second imitations of such music, all set to ipod soundtracks, then you will likely enjoy this show.
She does have a good voice, no doubt, but this is not Vegas headline material.

I walked in interested by skeptical and left with my jaw dropped.
I just read the previous yelp reviews and shame on the negative ones.
She is truly a unique talent and it is absolutely true, you close your eyes and think the other singer is there.
Is it 100% all the time?
no, of course not but it is so close enough to make it  unreal.
Didn't care what she looked like, she not only has their voice, she has the mannerisms down.
See her before she gets too big to afford the ticket.

She IS Amazing.
She sings nearly non-stop as other people without missing a note.
There are times you'd swear she's lip-syncing but she's not.
She's that rock solid.
BUT the show itself is low budget with canned music and back-up dancers that seem to have been picked primarily to not upstage the star.
Add the row in the middle of the audience that is clearly paid to cheerlead and the Velveta gets a bit thick.
Still I kept saying it over and over all night... amazing.

WOW!!!
What a show!
Easily the best show in Vegas right now.
I live here and have seen almost everything out there and this woman and her dancers are awesome.
Next time you are in Vegas, make reservations before you get here for Veronic.
(Veronic does only three shows a week, Thursday-Saturday) She does a stellar, fast paced show and you will leave blown away by her impersonations.
Celine Dion produces this show and her touches are evident in a beautiful & flawless production.
While the Jubilee theater is a nice intimate theater, I hope Veronic achieves a better venue to showcase her fabulous talent.
Just GO everybody!

Best show for a long time.
Lovely lady with a fabulous voice, great stage presence.
The show is very professionally produced - the lights and sound systems are superb and show her off to her best.
Held in a "real" theater and not one of the small rooms that other casinos use.
A fabulous night out!
(kids 12+)

This show is just fantastic!!
Veronic is so talented.
Her impressions are spot on 49 out of 50 (Her Susan Boyle seemed like it was more of a jab than an impression) and she has a great stage presence.
I am sure that her show will get even better as her English improves as her comedy parts could have been a little ore polished.
Overall, just a fantastic time though.

Talented singer no doubt but the whole voice imitation singing novelty wore thin very quickly for me.
After that you realize you are just listening to someone cover other  people's songs.
And unfortunately for me I was not a big fan of many of the songs/artists she covered but I did not really downvote my rating due to this.
Also I paid only $5 for 2 tickets promo.
If I had payed full price I would have been pissed.
I hate to say it but I just dont think her act holds up well as a headliner.

This is the first Vegas show I've been to,where if I had paid full price ,I'd not feel a little ripped off :) 50 voices?
I didn't count .But WOW,spot on ,except for Agulera ,which was obviously ,parody.I loved it,might go again.How much was "canned"?
Some had to be ,But the Lady is an incredible talent as a singer ,more than yeoman as a dancer,and that she delivers credible impersonations of the foremost singers in the world today makes this show ,in my mind ,a SOLID 5 STAR !

Here is a great tip for $2.50 tickets.....check out Ticketmaster and enter the code VPAPER...then to find seats, don't use the venue map, but use the pulldown menu and select "Best Available"....and voila...can't beat that deal!

I was lucky to score major discount tickets for this show.
I didn't know what to expect, and turned out it was a great show and I wouldn't mind to pay full price on it!!
Veronic is super talented and I'm still amazed at how she can impersonate so many singers out there!
AND, she does it sometimes 2-3 times a night!
The theater was awesome too - Not too small/big and I think every seat is a good seat.
Fantastic show - I love it because this is what Vegas is about - Singing, dancing & having a great time!

I enjoyed Véronic's voice quite a lot but I just didn't know how well she was doing at impersonating many of the people she did because I had absolutely no idea of how they sound.
The 6 dancers add a little diversion during the show and the lighting is OK.  She has an adorable French Canadian accent.
I found myself closing my eyes and just listening to her voice which I say again is very good.
While the hook for the show is it's name--Voices--not many celebrity singing impersonators go very far in show business.
Perhaps she should ditch her impersonations and let her voice stand on its own.
The show lasted 90 minutes and was OK.
It also started 10 minutes late which is not OK.

Absolutely a fantastic show!
Produced by Celine Dion, this seemingly mild mannered French Canadian can really belt out the snippets of you know the songs from 50 female Divas.
From Celine Dion to Katy Perry and Reba to Rihanna, this gal will have you dancing in your seats.
Close your eyes and you would swear you were hearing the original singers.
What a great production show, with lights, dancers, visuals... Veronic is truly amazing in her impressions of female singers.
The show concluded with a well deserved standing ovation.
This is a must see show while in Vegas!
Nice review in USA today digital edition on 10/20/2013

I have never reviewed a show before but after watching Veronic I felt that I had to share our wonderful experience.
She was fantastic.
It is a must watch if you are in Vegas.

I've seen a few shows in vegas and this has got to be the best one yet.
I sat at one of the tables at the front with 3 other people, and each of us had our jaws down to the floor for most of the show.
We kept exclaiming to each other, how does she do it?
How is this so realistic?
She's an absolute wizard, I swear to god.
The dancers were very talented, and Veronic herself is a great dancer as well, I was surprised she could sing and dance at the same time!
The whole show, they looked like they were all just having a blast up on stage.
I won't give away any details of the show but can give a 100% endorsement.
In short - this girl is going to be a vegas legend, and they should be charging double what they are, so see her while you can!
She deserves all the success in the world.

This show was so much fun.
Bought tickets at the box office the day of the show.
Sat on the second to last row, but we could see great and our seats were fine.
Show was funny, dynamic, and I didn't want it to end.
This woman is extremely talented and I was amazed at her ability to sing like so many music stars.
I would highly recommend this show.
It was very affordable and we had a blast!!

Just saw 3 days ago.
I go to a lot of Vegas Shows.
For the money I pay I expect to leave with that WOW feeling.
I only paid $5 for these tickets but would have gladly paid $150 each.
This is a WOW performance.
Veronic is an incredible talent.
She not only sings, but dances, plays guitar and connects with the audience.
Here energy is great and she entertains from begin to end.
We saw Shania the same weekend.
We've also seen Bette Milder, Diana Ross, Cher and most of the singing stars.
Veronic is up there with the best of them.
This is a DO NOT MISS show.
Well done Veronic.

Veronic is a talented entertainer.
She exhibits high energy throughout the performance.
The 6 dancers add another dimension to the fast paced show.
The show goes though a series of singers starting with the 20-30 age group such as Christina Aguilera, Shakira and Lady Gaga.
Since they are not on my play list I could not determine the comparison.
During the Country segment Veronic was right on with Reba but missed the mark with Dolly.
The rendition of Karen Carpenter was very good.
The Divas group had several good voices, Diana Ross, Cher, Whitney Houston and Celine Dion.
Veronic has many years ahead to hone her performance.
Hope she finds a long term home in Las Vegas.
One improvement would be to start the performance on time not 8 minutes late.
Overall the show is a great evening of theater especially when you can get great seats (Row E Center) at a price that is slightly more than renting a movie.

I LOVED this show!
It didn't hurt that we were able to go for free (well, $2.50 each if you want to be accurate), but I would've been pleased to have spent upwards of $40-$50 on this show.
Veronic had a fantastic voice, that can't be argued, and she was able to sing just like so many talented female artists.
Included in her show were: Adele, Dolly Parton, Rihanna, Beyonce, Marilyn Monroe, Mariah Carey, Celine Dion, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, tons of older singers I can't remember, Madonna, Norah Jones...
The show sped by, and I loved that she only sang about a minute or two of each song.
The dancing was fine, nothing amazing, but who cares?
Her voice is outstanding!!
I'd recommend this show to anyone who enjoys either listening to an amazing singer perform, loves pop/female singers or both.
JUST GO!

Great show - this lady's range is unbelievable.
I would put her right up there with a Vegas star from the past doing vocal impersonations - Danny Gans.
You won't be disappointed with this show.

Phenomenal show!
She does Norah, Barbara, Madona, Ella... even Whitney.
And, she does it well.
Her French Canadian personality is quirkey, but she's amazingly talented.
She even tries to explain how she does some of her impersonations, and that's fun.
I highly recommend this show.

We live in Vegas.
We go to most shows as we like to take advantage of what Vegas has to offer.
Otherwise, we would live in Tucson.
We gamble a fair amount and get great offers from Harrahs.
So much that we stopped visiting other Vegas properties (take note MGM!
)  We had 2 free tickets to see Veronic.
We had middling expectations at best, but were blown away by her performance!
This lady has a great, great strong voice!
Her onstage persona isn't superb, especially the Dolly Parton portion, but her impersonations of performers from Judy Garland to Beyonce are right on!
Actually, they are amazing!
Her Barbara Streisand song was eerie because it was so good.
We didn't like the recorded background music and it is an economically produced show, but the dancers do their best to add to the show.
We would go back in a second to see this show!
We do have to add what a HUGE disappointment it was to see Bally's get rid of their nightclub where they had free bands nightly to put in the Drai's club.
A huge frickin' mistake.
The nightclub was one of the main reasons we used to go to Bally's to gamble.

Pretty entertaining show and doesnt hurt that we got the tickets as part of a promotion.
She imitates voices some better than others including celine dion, taylor swift, and beyonce.
For the most part the show was entertaining and the songs were a mix of oldies and modern.
Her imitations for the more unique voices were not as good but she did a pretty good celine dion impression who ironically was playing at the MGM grand that same day.
Overall, I would recommend this show especially if you can get discount tickets.

I have been wanting to see this show for awhile and finally went last night.
It was well worth the wait.
Veronic is without question a very talented artist and keeps the show rolling along with energy and humor.
Going into the show I was wondering who she would cover...when I left the question was who didn't she cover.
Everything from the 50's to today she pretty much covered them all.
The sheer number of voices she does is astounding and the fact that she does them very well is amazing.
Well worth the money and the time!

I really didn't know what to expect when I saw this show.
I'd never heard of it nor Veronic, but let me just tell you that I was pleasantly surprised.
Billed as a vocal impressionist, Veronic DiCaire is a French-Canadian female singer with a big voice; sound familiar?
She's not Celine Dion, but she sure does a great impression of the lady, plus Ms. Dion is a co-producer of the show.
In addition to Celine Dion, Veronic does impressions of countless other female singers, including Christina Aguilera, Pink, Katy Perry, Madonna, Janet Jackson, Rihanna, Alicia Keys, Taylor Swift, Britney Spears, Beyonce, Patsy Cline, Billie Holiday, Karen Carpenter, Annie Lennox, Dolly Parton, Donna Summer, and several others.
Sometimes she was spot-on with her impressions (Annie Lennox, Celine, Anita Baker, Norah Jones), and others not so much (Rihanna, Beyonce).
Even if she doesn't sound like some of the artists she's supposedly portraying, Veronic can definitely sing, as evidenced when she "did" Mariah Carey, hitting some very high notes, and getting a standing ovation for her rendition of Whitney Houston's, "I Will Always Love You.
"  In between songs, Veronic banters with the audience and is quite funny; I just couldn't get over how she sounds just like Celine Dion when she speaks, too, but, hey, they are both French Canadian.
She has back-up dancers to enhance the entertainment and Veronic dances along, displaying talent there, too.
Sections of the show are dedicated to disco, 80s music, and country, so there's something for everyone.
The audience itself was a nice mix of all ages, but I'd say that it helps if you're up on your female pop singers because, if not, you may not really know if Veronic's impressions are good or not.
One of my favorite parts was when she played the piano and sang; this lady is really a well-rounded talent.
Overall, we had an enjoyable 90 minutes and I'd recommend it for a good time.
*Tip:  Tickets run from $35.50-$135.
We sat in $35.50 seats and they were just fine, as the Jubilee theater is not huge.
Thus, for an entertaining show on the Strip that won't break the bank, go see Veronic.

Amazing show and great entertainment!
My friend and I got discount tickets to see Veronic the day of and were very curious about how her show would be.
Veronic did not disappoint!
First off, she was really cute- she connected and talked with the audience and had a down to earth personality.
You could tell she was excited and thrilled to be in Vegas.
She was very pretty also!
She does about 50 or more impressions in her show- there were quite a few she nailed, I mean if I closed my eyes I would think I was listening to the actual artist!
Christina Aguilera, Shakira, Norah Jones, P!nk, Whitney Houston and Amy Winehouse were some of my favorites.
There was a good mixture of female artists in her show, from Billie Holiday to Karen Carpenter to Britney Spears to Gloria Estefan...it was every woman's playlist all on stage!
I was also in awe when I heard one of my favorite songs by Edith Piaf at the end.
The show was divided into different musical genre segments with a few backup dancers and outfit changes.
The show wasn't anything too crazy/over the top Vegas but it was simple, unique and very entertaining to watch.
We sat in row E on the left side and had a good view but the theatre isn't too large so any seat would be fine- its more the singing that is important!
Would recommend!

Outstanding show!
Would love to see this show multi-times!
Wish there was a program of songs, CD or gift shop!

She was amazing, I was in awe with her throughout the show.
Dunno if anyone saw Danny Gans before he died, but she reminds me of him.
Amazing one person show (with exception of 6 female back up dancers) Veronic delivered some incredible imitations of many of today's female artists and artists from the past.
It's incredible how she does this.
She's beautiful to look at, so at times I had to close my eyes and imagine it was Annie Lennox singing, which by the way she nailed.
Talk about scary.
When she sang Amy Winehouse I got chills and the same for Adele If you don't see this show, you'll have missed out on a fantastic evening of entertainment by one of the strips most talented performers.
10 of 10 Veronic!
I loved her.

Great show!
Ladies, you will love Veronic... She really puts on a great show!
Close your eyes and you'll think you're seeing 50 different singers in one night.
Guys, the lady is a stone fox... Keep your eyes open!

