The former Ravella is now the Hilton Lake Las Vegas.
Other than the name change, I didn't notice any glaring renovations inside or outside the hotel.
The restaurant name (Medici Cafe) hasn't changed, although I didn't check the menu for changes.
It's a beautiful property, with not only a pool but also a lagoon/waterfall area overlooking Lake Las Vegas.
The lobby bar has outdoor 2nd floor seating, which also has a view of the lake.
I checked prices on the Hilton web site, and they seem lower than what Ravella prices were.
Of course, this is the slow season.

They don't know their own policies... Hotel switched ownership... As a Hilton, it absolutely is a mess... No pool towels ...
Always " we are cleaning and folding them"...
Pool manager horrible customer service... Free breakfast buffet turned into wanting extra charges....once complaints placed, no one did anything about it...6 days of awful customer service....Place is a ghost town....would never go back!

They don't know their own policies... Hotel switched ownership... As a Hilton, it absolutely is a mess... No pool towels ...
Always " we are cleaning and folding them"...
Pool manager horrible customer service... Free breakfast buffet turned into wanting extra charges....once complaints placed, no one did anything about it...6 days of awful customer service....

Fun pool atmosphere!
Good music & wonderful staff.
The property in general needs to be unkept better though!

This review is for a visit to the spa only.
I did not step foot in the main building/hotel.
I parked in the garage and walked the short distance to the spa building, all easy and convenient.
I made the appt about 3 weeks before, making a change to the date about 10 days before.
Both calls were easy, professional yet friendly.
I spent about 4 hours here, using the amenities (hot tub, wet/dry sauna, equipped locker/shower area) and receiving an 80 minute massage and 25 minute pedicure.
Spa staff was great and would highly recommend Carlos (massage therapist) and Julie (nail technician).
Both were incredibly skilled and very nice.
I will return to see both of the again, not every week, as Lake Las Vegas is not in my backyard.
It takes bout 40 minutes to get there but, I know the service will be worth it.

Beautiful surrounding with large pleasant rooms and hugh bathroom but lacking because there is not enough staff and they only have 1 restaurant.
The village outside is pleasant but 1 go round in it is plenty.

This resort is the "perfect escape" from the endless craziness that happens on the strip!
The hotel is clean, the village is far from crowded, and the staff will accommodate you to ensure your comfort!
The only luxury that I'd missed out on was the spa.
I'll definitely do that the next time we visit.

The hotel is absolutely beautiful when walking through the the front entrance, however the rooms are outdated and the chairs badly need reupholstering.
Aside from that, the grounds are gorgeous and the courtyard with the fireplace is a great place to meet up with friends.
It is conveniently placed near the village so you can wander around and find a place to eat, but beware, most places close early, but maybe its because we were there during an off season?
Either way, the staff was very friendly and accommodating, and with its location near Lake Mead, I will definitely go again!

My favorite go-to relaxation getaway.
I live on the strip and sometimes just need a little peace and quiet.
This is the place to get it.
My favorite part is the lobby.
Big, lots of seating, relaxing music, GOOD FREE WIFI, and usually 'spa water' (a tank of water with cup up lemons and melons mixed in.
The place is a ghost town, which might be depressing to some, but I like having the place to myself.
Yes the nearby casino is awful (no table games, few slots, clueless bartenders), but I don't go there to gamble; I go to get away from it.

Previously a Ritz Carlton, this Hilton is an inviting oasis away from the strip.
If you're expecting the dazzling lights and excitement of Las Vegas, you won't find them here.
What you will find is a pristine resort with a luxurious salt water pool and an adorable village to explore.
It's definitely the best place to stay if you're visiting family in Henderson.
There's a lot to do here--especially for families.
Rent a kayak, boat, or paddle board to explore the lake, indulge in a spa treatment, or simply walk around the manicured gardens.
During the week, the village is a ghost town, but the coffee shop is open early.
Friday and Saturday nights things ramp up--not quite Vegas style, but still fun.
If you're craving casino life, sign up for the free shuttle to The Strip (drop off and pick up is in front of MGM Grand).
Yes, the food at the hotel is pricy and they charge a resort fee (that covers your shuttle, bottled water in the room, etc.
) but relaxation and personable service is guaranteed.
So, skip the Fiesta casino (with their thick, neck crimping pillows and smoke-filled lobby) and drive a few extra miles to this peaceful gem in the desert.

I've stay at a lot of hotels in my life, probably close to 1,000 total nights just in the last decade, and I've never been as appalled as I was at the Hilton.
First off - the property itself is nice.
Quiet, good views, nice lobby, nice staff, convenient to some good shops down by the water, etc.
I had no qualms at all about these areas so I can see why others have given this property great reviews.
When we made the reservation we asked for a crib in the room.
When we checked in the crib wasn't there.
Not a big deal as they brought it up an hour later.
Stuff like this happens.
What put me over the edge was when I was holding my infant son and I opened up the nightstand drawer looking for the remote control for the TV.
What did he reach for in the drawer - a little clear bottle of something.
What was it?
A bottle of someone else's LUBE.
Ewww...Disgusting!
I wanted to boil both of our hands and then boil them again.
How does your cleaning service not look in the drawer?
What if there were condoms or sex toys in there?
Do I want to have to explain to a little kid what those are used for?
We had to check out early in the next morning and I wasn't going to call the front desk to come get it because it's just awkward (even though it wasn't mine...still...just weird).

They've got a few bumps and bruises from being closed and reopen ing.
But they are on the right track.
The spa was great, great service!

We checked in last night, 2 adults and a small dog.
The lady who helped us check in, was cold...at best.
She seemed to judge us by our "driving attire", and not the money we were spending (to keep her employed).
She explained that the elevators were "down the hall, and around the corner".
After wandering around, and looking inside 3 elevators only to find floors 1,3 & 5...no 2nd floor.
After I went back and asked the gal for directions, she apologized for her mistake, and now explained I had to go past the first couple sets if elevators prior to finding any that go down to my floor.
After a night's sleep, we decided to go to the Casino Monte Lago we read about on the property's website.
We walk up to a door with a small sign that read (to the effect of) "casino is closed, sorry for the inconvenience".
Granted, we chose this property to be away from the craziness of the strip.
However, had we known there was no gambling whatsoever on property (meaning I have to decide between 1-being on a schedule for shuttles while trying to relax 2-drinking and staying on the property 3-not drinking, so I can drive to a casino) we would have chosen another dog-friendly property to stay at.
For our troubles, we were offered a voucher to the spa.
Come to find out, it can be used for the sauna (I live on the coast of Cali, hot and steamy aren't attractive to me) or a "clothing-optional" same-sex hot tub.
That means I don't get to spend time with my wife, but a bunch if naked guys I don't know.
What a way to say, "we're sorry for ruining your trip".
Trust is everything to me.
I no longer trust that when Hilton Hotels says, "this is an amenity we offer".
I just removed one of the 2 stars I had previously given, due to just finding out THE POOL IS CLOSED!

We recently had our rehearsal dinner.
and wedding ceremony at the Hilton Lake Las Vegas and Debbie Medina was beyond amazing.
She was so responsive and worked within our budget.
She went above and beyond her duties as an event planner, she actually cared about the wedding as if it was her own.. We are locals and didn't want the "typical vegas wedding" and being at the Hilton was exactly how we pictured our day.
We highly recommend the Hilton and can't thank them enough for making everything so amazing

Great rooms.
Love the bathrooms that are large with double sinks, shower separate from the large soaking tub and the water closet.
Views are great of mountains and lake.
Lobby  is a little small for the number of rooms and there is only one dining room.
Food is decent but nothing special.
The staff is nice but there are too few of them.
The village outside is cute.
Had bands Friday and Saturday night outdoors (its hot here even at night to sit out and listen.

I really enjoyed valentines day weekend here !
It's a wonderful romantic getaway if you want quite weekend and quality time with your loved one.
We ate dinner at 2 restaurants in the village the Mexican resturant and luna Rossa both were awesome!
I would have given 5 out of 5 stars but the service in restaurant for breakfast was no very good at all and the front desk when I booked spent 15 min explaining the different package options and I selected the special valentine package which included breakfast come to find out we didn't get package which we found out at breakfast and when going to front desk to ask for it to be fixed they simply said it was to late.
That was disappointing.
On another note the spa services were excellent!

This place is a mess.
It's a deserted, beat down 'resort'.
Nothing but closed shops at the mall area and most everything in the hotel is closed too.
No casino, the pool and pool restaurant were closed, then, I got charged $22 for the waters in the room and the internet that I wast old was complimentary at check in.
The lake is rotten and it's at least a 10 minute drive to find even a quickie mart much less a restaurant.
I wanted to like this place, but no dice.

We just returned home after spending 3 nights; we were scheduled for 4 but left early.
The staff was friendly, our room was well appointed and clean.
We stayed in room  # 1548.
We were told we had a lake view room.
I think someone moved the lake:) We had a small view of the lake but that's ok as the area is NOT attractive.
Our first night we kept hearing a loud thud sound starting at 9PM.
By midnight I called the front desk and they had security check things out and unable to find the source of the noise.
By 1:30 in the morning I was wandering the halls and discovered the problem.
A large storage room next to us had a wall mounted cabinet and a very well intentioned employee was loading up supplies, shampoo, soap, etc and EVERY time he shoved materials in the drawers, closed drawers, etc it made a loud thud.
No sleep for us.
I called the front desk at 1:35 am and told them I found the problem; they said, "great".
The next morning I mentioned it to the front desk and the person there said, "oh so sorry".
When we checked out after being asked if everything was OK, I explained the noise issue and got a "oh that's too bad, so sorry".
One afternoon we wanted to order room service from the menu that read, "room service available all day".
When we called to order food we were told, no room service until 4PM.
?????
and their restaurant is not open until 4PM.
Say what???
Given the rate we paid, the resort fees, etc they should have at least included breakfast.
This is a former Ritz Carlton and has good bones but they need to stop looking at every customer interaction as a profit center.
Given we are Hilton Honors members, we were very disappointed.
Oh well...

Really torn here, this property used to be a Ritz and the village used to be jammed with retail, and restaurants.
Since it's been a hilton things have slowly gone down hill.
The bones of the ritz haven't been refreshed in a while and maintainable and cleaning have not been that active.
From scuffed paint in the rooms to damaged fixtures and a lack of exterior maintenance make me worry about this place.
For the rate I paid this is still a good location, the rooms are clean although show signs of neglect, the staff is very friendly but the amenities are limited.
The pool is still open, the casino is closed, one of the golf courses is closed as well and the bustling village has a few restaurants and even fewer shops.
4 stars this time but if you come in a few months it will probably continue to slip into dismay, hurry and take advantage before the low price seems to become a rip off.

Solid 2.5 stars in hotel , service, etc When we checked in, we requested  a room facing the lake-.
We got it, only to find loud music playing all day, then piping music through the speakers all night.
We, then, requested a quiet room and was told "The music is from The Villages which is  not part of our hotel so we can't do anything " .
They front desk representative also said: " "there's no music playing now"-while we were hearing it through our window.
Finally they did change our room- to room right next to elevator!
On the first night we put the "do not disturb" sign on door so we could sleep and recover from our jet lag.
At 9am we found door tag saying that we missed housekeeping service for the day!
After 2 requests for service our room was made up- with NO soap, shampoo, or any toiletries.
Other amenities: Pool-beautiful and clean Gym-small, but sufficient Restaurants: daytime: NONE There's a lobby bar that opens at 4, and a pool bar.
So if you want breakfast or other foods, it seems only room service is your "option" The staff was always polite.
The best part of our stay: The complementary shuttle service to the Westin and to the Strip.

After spending a weekend at the Hilton Lake Las Vegas, using the spa and exploring the general area I feel I have more than enough experience with the business to give them a solid middle-of-the-pack 3 star review.
The entire Lake Las Vegas area is a bit dead lately due to the closure of some of the businesses and the main casino.
I don't really think it's fair to blame the failure of other businesses on this Hilton property, so for this review I am going to focus mainly on the room and the spa.
Room, stay was March of 2014: We spent a weekend in the King Suite, checking in on a Friday evening and checking out Monday morning.
Our room was being paid for by others so I can not comment as to the cost.
The Hilton employees that assisted with check in were friendly and helpful.
The room was spacious, with great separation between the the sitting area from the sleeping area.The room included a coffee pot and small fridge, however the fridge seemed to be having difficulty keeping things cold.
This was a minor inconvenience which we did not bother staff about until check out.
The bathroom had a large tub as well as a separate shower, and was stocked with toiletries by Peter Thomas Roth.
Our room had a small balcony with views of the pool and part of the lake.
While it was nice to be able to sit on the balcony and enjoy the mild springtime weather, the view was nothing to write home about.
Free wifi was offered and we had no issues with it.
We did not use room service or eat any meals at the property.
Overall our stay was quite pleasant, and I'd stay at the Hilton Lake Las Vegas again if the price was right.
Spa visit was April of 2014: Groupon was offering a promotion for spa services at the Hilton Lake Las Vegas, and when I called to see what times were available for an upcoming weekend I was told that I could get the same pricing if I purchased directly from the spa.
So that is what I did.
The package included valet parking, a spa lunch with sparkling wine, use of the facilities, a 50 minute massage and a 50 minute facial.
I started with lunch, which was chicken with couscous, a salad, fruit and a roll.
I was actually pleasantly surprised by the lunch.
The chicken breast was small but not overcooked, the couscous with cranberries and almonds was quite flavorful and the salad had a nice, tangy vinaigrette that I really enjoyed.
After lunch I had a couple hours before my treatments, which I planned specifically so that I could relax in the Healing Waters area of the spa.
This area includes a sauna, a steam room, a whirlpool, a cold pool, a relaxation room and the locker area.
While there were obvious signs of wear in many of the areas, the facility was clean and well stocked with everything necessary to relax for a few hours.
I particularly enjoyed the steam room.
For my treatments, I started with my massage.
The masseuse didn't seem to alter the massage based on my specific needs/issues.
The massage felt very mechanical, like the masseuse had a script to follow.
I have had far better massages in the past at other businesses.
Unfortunately my facial was not much better.
The aesthetician did not discuss products she was using, including the pumpkin-smelling mask that made my face tingle and burn.
No extractions were done.
Two days later, my face feels rougher than before my appointment.
The employees working the spa area were friendly enough, and I enjoyed my time at the spa, but the treatments left a lot to be desired.
Perhaps people that pay full price for the treatments get better service though?
Overall, the Hilton Lake Las Vegas Resort and Spa is a decent property in a rather dead area.
I would not recommend it for those looking for anything more than a little relaxation and even then there are other properties in the Las Vegas area that I would recommend first.
However, if you are dead set on staying at Lake Las Vegas, The Hilton should meet your needs.

When I checked in for a two night stay, the TV would not turn on and one of the lamps in the room did not work -- it needed a new bulb.
I was charged $22.00 extra each day for a resort rate which meant that I was entitled to  a bottle of water and some coffee in the room.
The second day I couldn't get my room cleaned; consequently, I couldn't get a bottle of water for which I had paid $22.00.
Finally, the hotel is so large that it is difficult to find its amenities, most of which were not in operation.
All in all staying at this hotel was a disappointment.

The property and surrounding areas are beautiful and it's a great way to do Vegas if the strip isn't necessarily your thing.
It's very relaxing and quiet...
I mean QUIET...kind of deserted.
It's funny they use The Village to market and promote their hotel and you get there only to find out that most establishments, including the casino, have gone out of business.
It's such a shame that there are about two restaurants, one jewelry shop, and a coffee shop still thriving.
The room: nothing out of the ordinary, comfy bed with fluffy pillows, enough towels, coffee, tea, and water.
There was a fridge that didn't do much, a hair dryer that almost burns your hair off, very sad excuses for shampoo/conditioner/body wash but the room was nice and very clean.
Pretty standard for similar hotels.
The staff: kind of hard to track them down.
They're like an endangered species...if you're lucky enough you'll spot one.
They were very friendly and helpful though when I did happen to have any kind of interaction with them.
The facilities: they have a nicely equipped gym with new machines and well maintained equipment.
There's about 5 treadmills and 5 bikes, free weights, cable machines, benches, a power station and various other lower & upper body machines.
They also have the Ravella Spa...I didn't get the chance to check it out but I'm sure it's nice :)  I was surprised by their lack of attention to the general maintenance and upkeep of the hotel itself.
When we first arrived I noticed someone had left their half full cups of soda (I'm assuming it was soda) on a table in the main lobby and they remained in the same place for the remainder of our stay.
There was also a dirty towel and bottle of coke in the elevator lobby of our floor that stayed just as long.
I find it incredible that not one person thought it was a good idea to clean up the mess.

A somewhat luxurious Hilton hotel retreat with hints of the former owner's Ritz Carlton elegance and a theme reminiscent of european architecture like Florence, Italy's legendary Excelsior Hotel and Rialto Bridge along Lake Las Vegas.
There's definitely an identity complex going on here (Chain hotel vs. luxury hotel), but I guess it depends on your expectations.
The hotel itself I would rate as a 4 or 5, but the service was consistently lacking due to either Memorial Day Weekend (Which management should have been prepared for, in my opinion.
) or a corporate decision to staff to a minimum for maximum profits.
A perfect example of our experiences was the evening lobby bartendar being worked to death without a server and was literally out of breath while trying as best as humanly possible to balance his composure and professionalism.
We asked if someone called in sick, but he reluctantly answered no (I'm assuming he was trying to protect the hotel or management's image, but it was a straightforward yes or no answer which to me spoke volumes).
The rooms were spacious with an old world traditional elegance.
We were fortunate to have stayed in a 1 bedroom suite with a commanding view of the lake.
Standard amenities included: blowdryer, safe, dvd player, 2 bath robes, coffee maker, refrigerator (Big plus!
), alarm clock/iPhone dock and standard flat screen tv's.
Not a biggie, but if you like to bring your own wine, wine glasses or bottle openers are not included (It could be a LV standard since we noticed the Wynn Hotel didn't offer it as well, but I'm not sure if they would've charged us for the request).
The Hilton charges $2 per glass and about a $5-$7 delivery/service charge and literally averaged 45 minutes to deliver.
The total for 4 wine glasses came out to about $15 excluding the cash tip to room service.
It's a brilliant business decision, but a sour note for guests that are accustomed to it.
Also, the suite had 1.5 baths.
The bathrooms were spacious, brightly lit, spotless and stocked with better than average toiletries like Peter Thomas Roth.
No short cuts on the towels either.
They were big and luxurious.
The bed was welcoming with fluffy pillows, as expected.
Their property has a gorgeous lobby bar with an outside patio facing their beautiful european style courtyard.
The swimming area was a descent size with warmed beach towels.
A stone throw away were all the restaurants and shops Lake Las Vegas has to offer (It's really minimal, but SO convenient.).
Their lagoon/beach from a distance reminded me of Lake Como in Italy or a luxurious French beach like Cannes.
It's no wonder why many couples choose this hotel to get married in.
Long story short, if the hotel would match it's staffing with the hotel's grandness and high rates, they would definitely rate at least a strong 4 or 5 for me.

I am a local and have stayed at this hotel when it was the Ritz and when it was the Ravella and have enjoyed it in the past quite a lot.
This year, unfortunately, on our annual 4th of July trip there, was nothing but a series of bad events.
First of all, when we made reservations, we did so with Hilton to try and assure we would have the type of room we requested (handicap accessible and with a balcony).
The lady on the phone seemed to barely speak English, but we went over those two things three times as each time she agreed that she could assure these two things.
We then paid for the room in advance.
When we arrived at 11:00am (check in was at 3:00), we were told that they had no more rooms with balconies which were handicapped accessible.
In fact, the room they had assigned us had neither.
When I attempted to speak to them about this, they refused to do anything.
They also would not give us a refund for the room.
When I asked if, at least the lady who made the reservation would be made accountable for wrongly assuring us we could be accommodated, they told me they do not keep a record of who that would be because Hilton uses oversea reservation agents outside of the country, so they told me I would have to take it up with "corporate.
" We decided to go to our room and make the best of it.
To our dismay, Hilton had added a bunch if new charges that came with the regular room price, including $15.00 valet parking, $25.00 resort fee and tax, and $24.00 occupancy tax.
There were NO free movies, so we ended up paying $17.00 for a movie.
This brought our $184,00 room fee to $264.00.
Shortly after we arrived, we went down to the pool.
We had to change clothes, so went into the spa to get a locker and change.
But WAIT...still ANOTHER SPA fee!!!
Wow!!
Are you kidding me?!?
We got into the locker rooms, and lo and behold, the lockers we were assigned to were broken and dirty and in disrepair, as was the entire spa.
We then got new lockers, but they were also broken.
We tried to get help from the spa at tenet, but she had disappeared.
After 20 minutes waiting, we just left our things unlocked and went out to the pool.
The pool and the grounds also seemed to be in disrepair.
I was quite disappointed.
Needless to say, we checked into our room after 3:00, and it was also in disrepair along with all the hallways to get there.
The place was in terrible shape and very dirty.
The arms on the chairs in our room as well as several parts of the carpet were just literally black from dirt.
The decor was still the same as it was years ago when the Ritz owned it; which back then was nice, but now is beyond dated.
The sinks were clogged up also.
Overall, it was a sad experience for us to see what was once such a beautiful property now so run down and not well cared for.
It was once a five star resort.
But more obvious than that now is the two star customer service, and the unacceptable condition the place is in.
After years if enjoying the property, we will probably never be back; and furthermore, will hesitate greatly to ever make a future reservation at another Hilton property.

I went in there today and Nancy was my esthician.
She was very nice and sweet.
Not only that, but she did a phenomenal job!
I felt like I was at home but treated like royalty at this spa.
They have a relaxation room, showers, & a hot tub.
I would highly recommend going to this spa for a nice day to get pampered.

Positives: No bed bugs Nice pool (open til 8) Not crowded Beautiful property Found decent pricing via hotels.com  Negatives: Very remote...almost too remote Property needs upkeep work (carpet coming up) but this didn't really bother me   All in all it is a nice stay.
I don't think it's incredibly run down.
It is a nice hotel and I would return because I like remote places :) I just wish more everyday shopping were nearby...like across the street.
I think if more people came and more upkeep were done;  this hotel would thrive.
I hope it does!

I was looking for a nice place to stay in the Las Vegas area.
The hotels on the Strip had very limited availability because there were a couple of huge conventions in town that weekend.
The rooms they did have were price gouged (like they were charging quadruple their normal rate).
So I went online to find someplace else and that's when I stumbled upon the Hilton Lake Las Vegas.
This place is incredible.
Spectacular views.
Lush greenery all around.
Old world architecture that made me feel like I was at an Italian villa.
I had no idea places like this existed in Vegas.
Because of an unexpected turn of events, I didn't end up arriving at the hotel until around 6 AM (I had booked a room for that night and had planned to get there around midnight).
The room was pre-paid online, meaning it was non-refundable.
I talked to the nice man at the front desk and he was fortunately able to accommodate me.
He told me I could stay for the entire day if I wanted to (Now, I've been to less upscale places that give you little to no leeway, regardless of the circumstances).
My only complaint is the hotel is hard to navigate.
And the parking is pretty far away from the rooms.
I didn't bring my luggage in because I was not about to schlepp 2 large suitcases down an endless maze of corridors.
If they could maybe add a back entrance and back parking lot, that would be great.

