Formerly China Star Buffet, they have just recently changed it to BJ's Buffet.
Price is $6.99 for an AYCE all day, every day.
Extra for drinks Unfortunately, this has to be one of the worst Chinese buffets I've ever been to (if not worst..)  Horrible service- ordered our drinks at front cashier when we walked in.
The servers failed to give us our drinks until we reminded them maybe 15 minutes later.
Also failed to refill any of our drinks and did not pick up ANY of our dirty plates.
One whole side of our table was stacked full of dirty plates, and it wasn't until we were on our very last dessert plate did they come by to pick them up.
Food- It seriously tasted like I was eating the same thing with every dish.
There aren't so many choices.
It was all also really really salty..
Felt my blood pressure rising with every bite.
Friend thought that the soups were a hit or miss (mostly miss..).
Everything was either decent or just bad.
The tastiest thing was the ice cream- At least that was good!
Environment- at least the place was clean and pretty filled up!
Being a Chinese buffet, it was weird to not see any Asians (beside myself & my friend) eating there.
I should have caught that first warning sign..  Don't see myself coming back here.

I really really wanted to like this place .
However I just couldn't bring myself to give it any higher than 2 stars .
First off, the customer service is HORRID.
I walked in expecting to be welcomed but instead it was almost the exact opposite.
The cashier wasn't even there and when he did come he looked at us like we were a hassle to even be there.
We ordered our drinks in the front and we took our seats in the very back which was nice and I couldn't help loving the deco.
It's just beautiful in there (this earned the stars)   However It's a bit misleading .
Or actually I want to say extremely.
The pictures on the wall picture food that do not even exist there .
I was excited when I saw the pictures but that excitement quickly vanished when I made my way to the buffet line .
Nothing on the pictures were there , false advertisement ?
Maybe .
The cream cheese wontons had no cream cheese in them and the ones that did were dehydrated and crummy.
The rest of the food overall was not bad, the ambiance was beautiful.
But it was definitely lacking in service, not to mention everything in the buffet was labeled wrong.

Ok, so the large 6.99 AYCE signs is what brought me in.
Judging by the reviews, it was either gonna be hit or miss.
Since it is only 4 reviews so far, I would say giving them a try was the least I can do.
To my pleasant surprise, it was actually decent.
First off, drinks are not included in the price so be aware of that.
If you refer to my pic on the tip, I think kids are cheaper.
Other than that, the food is actually edible meaning they have your basic Chinese items.
The best way I can describe it is they are comparable to a Panda Express but with more choices.
To me this is a good deal because with Panda, you only get 2 or 3 choices for about 10 bucks.
What actually got my attention was that they have a Mongolian Grill section.
That alone is worth the 6.99 price.
Come on, you get to put all the veggies and sauce you want.
Then you give it to the dude that grills it for you.
He will ask you if you want pork, beef, or chicken to go with your veggies and sauce.
I went with all 3.
I can easily eat 2 full plates of this stuff and im set.
For dessert, they have the basics you will always see at all the other Chinese buffets.
Things like fruits, jello, cookies, and frozen yogurt.
Service was tolerable.
We came in, got to our table, got our food, and ate.
The servers basically just make sure you get your drinks and take any excess plates.
No complaints here.
So for 6.99 all day everyday is not a bad deal at all!
Just don't expect gourmet top of the line food.
Right now they have an eat free for your birthday special with proof of I.D.
Give these guys a try, I thought they were ok.

COCKROACH dont go here bad experience never again will go to Bj asian buffet

Okay so there were not many reviews to have any idea what to expect.
I did however  set my expectations low since it was only 6.99.
HORRIBLE and you would be better off at Panda Express.
The rice was hard, the meat was questionable and keeping the pans full of food was not happening.
We paid before we got a seat and say ourselves.
The worker was just sitting on the couch playing on his phone.
Just go somewhere else people.
It's really not worth  it even at $6.99.
Also I couldn't even find a clean spoon to use to eat the soft serve ice cream.
Go somewhere else folks.

Decent food for the price.
Great steamer clams with bean sauce.
Identical to other buffets you pay more for.
Mongolian grill which was healthy lots of veggies and choice meat  I will go back again.

The food here keeps getting worse and worse it has open.
The only reason I go is because closest buffet to my house and it's tolerable but if there was another one in the vicinity I would go to that other one.
Good price, mediocre food.
The cheap skates even took away the ice cream cones.
I recommend Krazy buffet or Buffet of Asia.
Not this place.

ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
ROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!!
we went there last night with my family, 7 of us total.
we went to the make your own dish station.
we were using the noodles and on the side of the metal container was a roach with a broken wing.... i showed it to the cook he said ooo ooo and didnt care, kept cooking.... ( stuff that the roach was in) then showed it to the cashier and he thought we were going to keep eating.... lol  they did give us a refund.... a little reluctantly.....

You get what you pay for !
Don't be deceived by the low price, you're better off somewhere !

there are a lot of disgusting places in Las Vegas and this ranks in the top 3 filthy dirty the food was nasty the people were rude  I do not recommend this to feed your dog  I'm telling you disgustingly gross dj in vegas

We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and had 4 ayce for 30.22!
- Best for a no frills, straight to the point, cheap, Chinese Buffett.
- Wanton soup seemed over cooked.
Broken wantons with pork floating out of the wanton.
- At the similar price as Panda Express, I'd say this place is worth the money.
- Mongolian BBQ section was closed for is during the lunch hours.
- For a better alternative Chinese style Buffett, there is Buffet at Asia and Krazy Buffet.
- Free Ayce on your bday but not for your groups.
- Entrees to get 1.
Tofu and eggplant  2.
Fried shrimp and crab  3.
Fried wantons and calamari.
- Desserts to get 1.
Fried donut and banana  2.
Sesame balls  - Flat screens on ESPN!
- Average taste.
Same oil like after flavor.
- Hit or Miss freshness.
Left over fried shrimp but fresh tofu.
Refilled only when low.
- Cheapest buffet I've been to in LV!
Great for groups!
Don't come for dates.
This is for sustenance.
HAHA.
You know like eat lots to save more money to gamble kinda food.

Gross buffet don't be fooled by that price you get what you paid for and I didn't pay for it.
I walked over to Quiznos and let my friends try this place out.
It's Vegas there are plenty of better buffets around, do yourself a favor and go there.

Like other posts...you get what you pay for...best part was the beer.
Prayed i wouldn't get food poisoning.

I was very disappointed with this place had gone here in the past and loved it but this time they were rude , spilled my drink on my food as the refilled it never apologized when seated they just pointed to where we we're to sit just not the way it was with the old owners

I went to BJ Buffet on tropicana last night and had a horrible experience.
First of all when you walk in the smell was horrible, I should have walked out but thought I would give them another chance.
When I walked in the young man at the register was on his phone texting, paying no attention to customers.
When I went to buffet area, their were little food choices.
No bowls were available and when I asked for bowls one of the waiters said, "oh thats not my job to give you a bowl" and walked away.
The floors were sticky, and that staff looked like they were all mad.
They yell at each other in chinese, and it was also abvious that they were talking about customers.
I will never go there again.

As my friend Eric said so fondly "eating here is like going through a Knott's Scary Farm" maze.
It's a freak show.
"   For anyone who is reading this review, I beg you, please do not embark this heinous journey.
This restaurant is a shamble.
The food was glossed with generous layer of grease, prawns were fried a ridiculous brownness, pineapples were moving and the broccoli beef?
Was semi-cooked.
How do you screw up broccoli beef?
Even Panda Express does a better job.
There are ton of amazing places to eat here in Vegas so do your stomach, soul and future self a big favour and well, walk away.
Sure, it's $7 all-you-can-eat fake Chinese food but you better be prepared for a long date with your bathroom.
(Edit: To be fair, since it is $7, and the restaurant didn't try to hype up the food...
It deserves 2 stars)  For heaven's sakes, grab a Fat Tuesdays and eat McDonald's.
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone.

Is it possible to give this place zero stars?
It was the most disgusting experience of my life.
The food was horrible, the servers didn't speak a lick of English AND our server was so incredibly RUDE.
Oh, and on top of that, I asked for hot tea and they gave it to me in a STYROFOAM cup.
REALLY?
THEY DON'T EVEN HAVE TEA CUPS?
To anyone who is thinking of trying this place out, don't.
Save your money..
BUT if you really want Chinese food.. go ahead and try Panda Express.
You will be much more satisfied by a tacky little kids meal than this place.
I was so appalled by this restaurant... the entire place looked like a health hazard.
Disgusting.

The restaurant is very clean and cute, however if you're looking for a delicious cultural experience with variety you might want to look somewhere else.

WORST BUFFET EVER!
Not even worth $6.99, which says a lot.
The food was so salty I had to drink 6 glasses of water just to begrudgingly choke it down.
They only have about 10 dishes to chose from, with only half being what I would classify as edible.
I would have been better off walking next door to Walgreen's and buying pre-packaged sushi.

Avoid....this place!!
I have eaten at buffets for a very long time.
This place has to be the worst of the worst.
I have eaten better food in a third world country in some of the worst conditions.....and it was better then this.
The food is dangerous.....The Health Department is going to be paying them a visit.
EXTREAMLY UNSAFE!

This place sucks, the food taste like medicine.
Way too salty.
The guy at the register is sooooo rude, I should of went to Mcdonald instead.
Yuckkkk.
For all the people who gave bad reviews,  belive it or not but its true.

Can you actually give a restaurant less than one star?
Food was horrible!!!
The chicken in some of the dishes tasted like it had gone bad and was washed in chemicals and used anyways.
Only one beef dish and one pork dish.
I'm not a picky eater but this was the worst Chinese buffet I have ever been to.
Don't waste you time or money!

BJ Buffet is the best value in Las Vegas.
Whomever gave it lower than 3 Star must be the jealous owner if some Chinatown restaurant.
The food was excellent!
The price way cheaper than Las Vegas Chinatown and better than San Francisco Chinatown.
Sure the bathrooms are like all Chinese restaurant bathrooms, but food is 3 Star.

I try not to allow previous negative reviews affect my judgement while eating out.
I go to every restaurant fully expecting to enjoy the food.
And maybe I would have.
They may have had the finest cuisine in the world.
I'll never know.
Upon entering, I was greeted with an eerily quiet and empty store.
Nobody manned the cashier and nobody greeted us.
I tentatively explored a little further and ran into a tall man in a suit wandering around the entry.
He looked at me and said "we should just sit down.
" It turned out he had been waiting to be seated for a while and the only employee, maybe in the whole shop only new how to tell us there was no cashier and then shrug apologetically before scurrying back to the kitchen.
I left.
The tall suited man stayed.
He might still be there.

Food was mediocre at best, the only thing that I actually thought was okay was the shrimp, but even that was extremely extremely salty.
Everything that was fried was either as soft as jello or as hard as a rock.
Won't come here again even if it's free

Came here right when it opened with my family.
The staff are very friendly and the restaurant seemed clean.
I give this place two stars because of the minimal variety of food and also the taste of the food.

Cockroach on the food.
Poor service, rude cashier overall rating is not even half a star.
We had to call 911 for them to refund our money because there was a COCKROACH on the food and they said it was impossible but it was there.

This was the worst place that I have ever ate at in my life.
The place was so scary movie quite when entering.
The first person that we saw was the cashier that never said a word.
No thank you for coming in, nothing.
Took our money and just stood there.
We walked over to a sign to be sited and waited a minute than some woman walked over and sat us.
We walked up to the buffet the food did not look good and did not get any better when I got it back to the table.
Everything tasted nasty.
Even what they called garlic bread even had a nasty taste.
The chicken on a stick was pink in the middle.
Nothing was labeled.
I even stood in front of what I think was the deserts for some time, trying to figure out what anything was.
When my friend told the server that the chicken was pink she said ok and then added that she never eats at work, she makes sure she eats before she gets to work.
I think it is really sad when the workers will not even eat there.
When we left the cashier had made his way from the front to a couch that can be seen off to the side and was way too busy on his phone and way too relaxed to even know what was going on around him.
I could not even get a drink refill.
The server came to the table one or two time and then even in those times never even bothered to ask if anyone wanted more to drink.
Since leaving the place now which is just about an hour I feel sick to my stomach, my friend does too, and my little one even keeps telling me her tummy hurts.
I would not even let my dog eat there.
Do yourself a favor and run while you can, do not turn the car off, do not get out and above all do not even eat there.
I do not even give this place a star, yet I have to in order to write this review.

Worst Asian buffet in Las Vegas.
Where do you start?
The place is a mess.
A Mongolian BBQ where the meat comes from the back room and you can only pick the species of meat.
Everything looks like it's been sitting too long.
Not much variety anywhere.
The dessert selection was pitiful.
Way too much jello not enough variety.
In my first plate I picked what looked like pork and I guess it was.
Turns out it was pigs feet which were composed of only soggy skin, thick fat, cartilage, and bones.
In one pan was something that looked like chicken except the bones didn't look like chicken.
My co-workers joked it was cat.
Which could have been solved if there was a label on any of the pans.
Oh there were a few labels, but they were all wrong.
One said eggplant on what was clearly meat.
I had a hard time thinking of one item that deserved a compliment.
I've got nothing.
A $6.99 at least it was cheap.
I think this place is a candidate for Restaurant Most Likely To Display An "Under New Management" Sign Soon.

The service was decent.
The food tasted kinda stale and funky.
I've been here twice and the second time was no different than the first.
The orange chicken doesn't taste like orange chicken and my sister felt the same way.
Their rice was also stale the second time around.
It's OKAY but definitely not the best.
It's like a last resort place to eat

First!
And last!
Time here.
Horrible buffet.
By far grossest food.
Been to many Asian buffets and this was a joke.
Even Asian buffets in montana are better and more authentic.
No idea what half the food is or if it's what the labels that are pen written say.

For the price it is better quality  than other nasty buffet like Buffet @Asia.

