Not a lot I can say because I seriously visit McDonald's locations for one thing only: the Vanilla Reduced Fat Ice Cream Cone!
It is very delicious, just one dollar (range between 99 cents to $1.29, not including sales tax), and just 170 calories!
I cannot complain.
We went through the Drive-Thru for our first visit and it went smoothly.
Short wait with just 3-4 cars ahead of us.
Clear speaker, the associate asked us to verify our order on the screen (great!
), and there were separate windows for paying and receiving your food.
Everyone was very cordial as well.
I'll be back!

I was so excited for this McDonalds to open, it's about time we get a food place in that location.
So you can imagine my disappointment with their terrible service and bad quality food making!!
Worst.
Worst.
Worst.
I get they are new.
I do, so the first few times I went, I kept my cool, didn't complain, smiled, etc.
I like to go mid-morning on my way to work for either just coffee and a Sausage McMuffin with no egg... How complicated of an order can it be??!!
Sometimes I will mix it up and get a combo meal, this is usually where they royally screw it up.
I'm irritated just thinking about the visits Ive had and how 4 out of 5 visits they screwed something up.
To make this brief, here are my major issues.
I order Splenda to be added to my drink.
I'm in my work clothes, and I don't want to pull over and carefully add it myself and spill on my clothes since they A) they always fill it too high, and B) I don't want to make any more stops!
Cheese: hardly ever melted on the Quarter Pounder, or Big Mac and I've tried about 3 or 4 times.
Cheese not melted, or the tiniest blob of sauce!
I wanted the new habanero ranch, couldn't even taste the sauce except for one bite!
Plus it was luke-warm at least twice!
The hot & spicy with a tiny splash of mayo?
I mean, really!
I ordered an iced Caramel Mocha, get to the window, she hands me the latte, it had no caramel on the whip, so I ask, is this the Caramel Mocha?
She stares at me blankly and says yes, I say, I'm used to it having caramel on top, she says its a caramel mocha, so off to work I go, I'm already late because they are super SLOW, and sure enough take a sip after I'm gone and it's a regular mocha.
Pathetic service!
I did write in to corporate after my 8th or 10th attempt to do business there.. And the manager called me and apologized.
Told me to come in and get a free combo on him.
So not happening.
Go in so they can remember me as the Girl who called them out for their shit slow service, always messing up my orders,  and crap food making?
No thanks.
I would have rather had some coups sent so I could remain anonymous.
Oh well.
I just drive a few more blocks down to Rainbow and Blue Diamond location if i have the extra time, they are great!
As for this place?
Shame on you for STILL not being able to get your shit together!
One positive note I will say is there are two very friendly employees there.
They work the drive thru taking orders/$$ I wish I had their names!
Will I be back?
Sadly probably yes, it's very convenient for me on my way to work when I don't have time to go to rainbow location..
But I limit what I get, try to keep it simple and always hope for the best... Maybe someday they will be a great location... As for now?
The McDonald's Corporation would be ashamed!!

ok so yes they are new and yes it looks nice inside,but every time i go there my food is always i mean always wrong,and to make it ever worse is when you ask them to fix it and they still get it wrong, Thats pretty bad.
And there are a few mangers there that just need to quit or be fired,they are rude ,they interrupt you when your tring to explain what was wrong.How does a sausage egg mcmuffin with no cheese turn into a ham egg and cheese biscut.

Knowing how bad the drive through service has been I went inside and placed an order for a burger.
The lobby wasn't trashed but in a need of a sweep and a wipe down.
I ordered my Habanero Quarter Pounder and sat at one of the only clean tables in the store.
The register guy did come out to sweep and while he did try his best I have to wonder why he choose to move the chairs at my table and sweep below my feet (remember that it was the only clean table in the store) and ignore what I'm only guessing was a hunk of apple on the floor at the table across from me or the fry and salt residue on the seats of the same table?
He even went so far as to pick up a stack of napkins from the floor and put them onto the table top.
I know I know young kid working his first job trying so hard but he/they desperately need to go back to the McDonald University and get some remedial training or this store is going to fail to earn repeat business from its locals.

This is got to be one of the worse McDonald's ever, even surpassing the McDonalds In Hawthorn Nevada!
Stopped there two times in two days, I was sick and didn't want to cook or get out of the car.
Plus, as a child when I got sick my mother would buy me a Big Mac.
Anyway, we stopped and went thru the drive thru, it was pretty quick both times.
Our larger truck fit through, so that is a good thing.
The first trip, my husband, also sick, drove off as soon as the food was handed to us.
I'm all like what are doing?
I haven't tried the fries yet!
Anyway, the fries were either over cooked,( I don't think so), or cooked twice.
The amount of salt was unreal and the fries were cooked beyond crispy.
Second trip, the fries looked like McDonalds fries just not very warm, and yes he drove off before I tried one.
We get back to the R.V.
resort we're staying at and I try my Big Mac, almost no sauce and very bland.
The patties also look like they have gotten smaller.
The two ladies at the window were not overly friendly but not rude either.
If you want a burger just stop at In and Out across the street.

Pretty new McDonald's, used to be a KFC.
It's nicely renovated and designed but tables are often not wiped and cleaned and last time I was there, they had no more ketchup next to the soda.
This place is run by mostly by teenagers.
Menu is displayed on techy monitors which I love.
Management could be better.
Room for improvement.
Nothing amazing but not bad.

Do I have to give them 1 star you all should consider this a negative star.Absolutely the worst fast food service I've ever experienced.Every order I've gotten has been in some way or the other wrong.i check every order but I'm not opening boxes n unwrapping sandwiches.Today I ordered an egg n cheese Mc muffin got em home n they put ham on em.the worst one was couple of months back they had those wings n I ordered them n sat at window for 7 min been in line for 10 then Mgr asks me to pull up to wait in s designated space .I'm just sitting there before I realize I've been there another 10 min and there are no cars in line.
I drove over to front door went in an there's the Mgr sitting at a dinning room table eating.i asked her where my food was that I've been waiting for 15 minutes outside.i was so mad I just took my food n left.2 months later stupid me went back for another screw up.Buy the way this Mgr is on duty 90 percent of time I go there.I was a Mgr for 20 years in fast food n sit down I wouldn't hire this lady as a cashier

By far the WORST McDonald's I've ever been to!!!
If I could give it less then one star I would.
I live right down the street so this is the easiest McDonald's to get to, but ever time I go the wait is ridiculous, the serve is horrible, and the food is thrown together!
I suggest everybody go to the McDonald's off rainbow instead because it going to take just as long either way.
And their staff is a lot more friendly!

