Best service in the valley!
I have lived in AZ since 2001 and have had my windshield replaced a few times.
This is my first time using Southwestern Auto Glass and they, by far, provided the BEST service!
I have never been more satisfied; this is a company I will use for any windshield replacement in the future.

Great company run by terrific people.
If you're looking for excellent customer service, look no further.
Highly recommended.

As an insurance agent I need my clients very well taken care of.
It is important to me that they show up on time, their dress and vehicle are clean and they do a professional job.
These are the reasons why we refer all of our clients to Sewall for auto glass.

I had a crack in my windshield so I called them.
Sewell came to me and fixed my windshield and also another window in my door.
It was great!
It was no hassle!
I recommend these guys to everyone.

I would highly recommend Southwestern Auto Glass for windshield replacement.
They were very responsive and met me at my place of business and left my vehicle in better shape than when I gave it to them.
It also seemed they did a more complete job or used better quality components as it was noticeably quieter in my car after the windshield replacement when compared to the last time I had it replaced by another company.

Yesterday I had my windshield replaced by Southwestern Auto Glass.
Sewell responded timely to my calls, had everything set up within my insurance company very quickly, and came to my place of business to do the replacement.
Their service was outstanding and they are extremely easy to work with.
I highly recommend this company.

Southwestern Auto Glass has repaired and replaced my windshields.
I have also referred Sewall to family and friends, every time it has been a quality job.
Sewall takes pride in his work and it show.
He shows up on time and operates in a professional manner.

Sewell is a great auto glass person to use.
He knows his business inside and out.
He is clean and professional and treats you car like his own.
His first priority is quality and not money and does his own work so you can trust it get done right.
I would highly recommend him.

I called my insurance company to get my windshield replaced using my windshield coverage.
They sent Southwestern Auto Glass out to my house to do the work.
Scheduling the appointment was easy and fast with the owner of the company.
He showed up on time at my  house.
All of the work was done in a neat, clean, and professional manner.
With or without my insurance company, I would use them again.

Very nice guy that provides service second to none when it comes to glass replacement.
He uses the newest tools of the trade to make sure the job gets done right the first time.
I have never met a glass guy that cleans your dash while your window is out.
What a wonderful company.
Thanks Sewall for the glass training class i feel like I had taken during the replacement.
Your patience to answer all my dumb questions makes you memorable and a 5 star recipient.
Would have been 6 if that were allowed.

I had a chip in my windshield that within a day turned into a large crack.
Southwestern auto glass was there that day to fix my windshield.
They came to my office so that I didn't have to leave work and they took care of handling the claim with my auto insurance.
Their service was very professional and my new windshield looks great!

AWESOME!!
Came right to my house.
After meeting me at a meeting to look at my windshield and letting me know I didn't have a little fill.
Showed up on time and moved around like a Nascar pit crew.
Replaced my windshield and even went further into the dash to try and find the ring I lost.
And was still done exactly when he said he would be, so I was on time to pick up kids from school.
He then checked back the next day to make sure everything sealed correctly.
Did I mention AWESOME!!

I've had my windshield replaced and the back window of my husband's truck (oops!
) by these guys in the past year and both times I've been very impressed.
Always very prompt returning phone calls, very good communication, and quick service!
Both times they came to me, once at work and once at home, within a week of calling them.
This last time I was in a hurry to get it fixed and they came the next day.
Not only do they do excellent work, but they vacuumed all the glass shards in the truck from the broken window.
They make it the easiest process ever from calling your insurance company to getting the job done wherever is convenient for you.
HIGHLY recommend, you will not be dissapointed!!
Thanks Sewall!

Sewell did an exceptional job on both of my vehicles today!
Very prompt, and a great deal.

Sewell was so accommodating!
He met me on location and replaced my windshield on site while in a lunch meeting!
Also made sure the glass used was of factory quality as  the last company used a lesser quality brand which increased the noise levels in my car.
My car is my office about 85% of the time so that's important!
Best in the business is my rating!

Great professional service.
Sewall (the owner) is great, professional and courteous.
I had another Auto glass company replace my previous windshield and I questioned if they really knew what they were doing.
I will call Sewall at Southwestern Auto Glass from now on.
Awesome.

Wow...  That was a lot easier than I expected.
These guys are great and very responsive.
They were able to come by and replace my windshield while I was at work.
It didn't even disrupt the time in my day!
Service was fantastic.
Pricing is competitive.
And the customer service was really good.

I contacted Sewall because his Yelp reviews were SO good and found out exactly why he has the reputation he has.
I called him one day and accidentally texted my address to the wrong number.
By the time I realized it, it was the day he was supposed to install.
I thought for sure I'd missed him, but no, he came over as soon as his other jobs were finished (and it was almost dark and he still came!).
He did a really great and fast job on my car.
He's really personable and addresses all issues that you might have and he even let me hover around neurotically and didn't even say anything!
His prices were lower than other places I called as well.
His work looked as though it was my original windshield and he even replaced a sticker from my other one to my new one that we thought wouldn't transfer, but he made it work.
He's magic!
I will never buy another windshield from anyone else, ever.
He's awesome!

The owner Sewall did an awesome job replacing my windshield for me and he did it in 25 mins!!
Not only did he offer great customer service, but he also beat Safelite's quoted price by about $100 dollars!!
If you're in need of having any auto glass replaced then I highly recommend you contact Sewall and SouthWestern Auto Glass.
You will not be disappointed!

This guy (Sewall) is on the ball.
Long story short, he did everything right.
Which means, he did what he said he was going to do.
On time, fast and informative.
I love it when this happens.
Oh yeah and reasonably priced...

Sewall had come to my office a few times before I used him.
After reading the reviews I was sold.
He came to my office today, it took all of 35 minutes to install a new window and windshield.
His service is impeccable and it was a smooth simple process not to mention a great deal.
Recommend him to everyone.

I have to admit I was a little skeptical given the awesome reviews.
However, after having Sewall come to my home and replace my windshield glass I'm truly convinced he is by far the best and most honest auto glass installer in the valley.
My wife and I have replaced our windshields 2-3 over 10+years and have all the repairs done at dealers.
But I thought I'd give SW Auto Glass a try as I'm always rooting for the local entrepreneur.
This was by far the best experience.
He actually installed the right glass in my vehicle!
During the initial consult he asked if I have rain sensors on my car.
I said yes, but didn't know that if I had rain sensors I also had a windshield that electronic defroster embedded in the glass.
Upon arrival to my home he looked at my glass and showed cables that should have been connected to the correct windshield.
The dealership had been installing the wrong glass without the embedded defroster.
Sewall installed the new glass without any issues and connected the sensor.
He took his time to remove all the previous material.
He is a great guy and business owner who works hard and is honest.
Can't beat that!
Believe the reviews.
I encourage anyone looking to replace his or her windshield to call Sewall.

I spent part of my Monday calling Auto Glass companies to replace the cracked windshield on my 2013 Ford Fusion.
Maybe it's just me but I was more than a little skeptical on this type of company in general...I'm sure like me you get unsolicited calls wanting to know if you need any glass work done...I think the chip repair guy at the car wash sells your name if you ever get any work done there.
Then after talking to a couple companies and having the hard close put on me I decided to look at YELP...i use it for food all the time but not for a service like this.
I called  Southwestern Auto Glass after reading the other reviews and was very happy I did, I had all my questions answered, price was very competitive, and he said he could do it on Tuesday (the next day).
I agreed, he got my insurance company on a conference call will us...we got it all approved in a few minutes and on Tuesday just after lunch a professional van shows up (like the one in the photo above) and he has my windshield and is ready to do it.
I pulled my car out of he garage and in about 30 minutes he was done!
I paid my insurance deductible to him and he was on his way.
I got a quality job, and a quality windshield (watch out for guys peddling Chinese junk Glass) and an immediate response.
I'm very happy with Southwestern Auto Glass!

I am an insurance agent and refer my clients to Southwestern Auto Glass.
He does a great job for my clients and he'll do a great job for you!

As a business on wheels I get dinged quite a bit along our wonderful freeways.
Sewall always keeps the glass looking good.
Great Service, Good Quality and Awesome Price.
Thanks and keep up the good work!!

Fast service!
Great job!
Glad to have a clear windshield again!
Installation was quick and easy.
Very friendly and professional.
I would recommend over those other competitors!

Sewall was quick and professional.
I decided to use Southwestern auto glass based on all of the great reviews on Yelp.
He left my car in better conditional than he found it, which is exactly what he said he planned on doing.
Highly recommended.

