Great restaurant!
Just opened.
Let me say its great to see a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix bringing back home style Mexican food.
Phoenix has been influenced by filibertos style food.
But this does it as it should be.
They use Angus beef for asada tacos, they shred their own cheese, have handmade tortillas, fry their own chips, make the salsa fresh evetyday with a salsa bar, homemade lemonade,  cocktail shrimp is delicious have a sweet flavor that reminds me of a homemade only flavor.
Tacos were also great!
I had the tacos de pastor and cabeza.
The pastor was sweet and spicy great grill taste paired with their tomatillo salsa.
The cabeza was extremely tender, just like mom can only make.
I wish the best for this place.
Try it you won't be disappointed.

Let me just start with this, the food is good.
Now the reason I'm giving it 1 star is the poor customer service.
I placed an order at 12:26pm and I did not receive my food until 12:54pm, almost 30 minutes later!
We asked the girl working the register as to why is was taking so long and all she could say was there a big order placed over the phone prior to us arriving.
We asked why she couldn't have at least told us that it might take longer than usual for our food since there was a large order placed over the phone and she couldn't give us an answer.
I did enjoy the food, but not the 30 minute wait for it.

I only came to this restaurant because I grew up going to Lazy Lou's, the previous restaurant owners.
I walked in mostly interested in how it had changed but ended up ordering carne asada tacos and a tostada de ceviche... amazing!
Not only was the food delicious, but they had EXCELLENT customer service.
I was very pleasantly surprised!
I'm already going back for the 2nd time this week.

my go to mexican restaurant now!
inexpensive and delicious!
everything is very fresh and well prepared.
I typically get the chicken taco with their homemade tortilla, the bean tostada, and the ceviche tostada.
their ceviche is the best I have had in the city.
not to mention their salsa is always fresh, a little hot, and very good with the free chips.
ummmmm!!

Taco Kissi - Perfect Score!
27th Ave & Bethany Home Cost: $1.5 Service: 5 of 5, very friendly and nice.
Presentation: 5 of 5, wrapped and chips included.
Taste 5 of 5, Meat was warm, flavorful, add your own toppings, HANDMADE TORTILLAS!
Awesome cheesecake.
This place was so good I went back the next day!

Best little surprise.
Had the small tacos which hit the spot and surprisingly the sushi was damn good.
Who knew!?
The service was solid too.

Absolutely the BEST!!!!
I Seriously come here all the time, at least twice a week.
This is in no way a hit-or-miss kind of place, there food is consistently delicious.
Being from Mexico (Baja), I am incredibly picky when it comes to tacos...
I moved here back in the summer of '05 and this is the only place in all of Arizona where the tacos, from the taste of the meat to the wonderful salsas, taste just like the ones from back home.
When you dine in, they always bring you some free chips, and there salsa bar has a great variety of yummy topping to throw on their already yummy food.
And guess what?
If you're a sushi fan, I have had two different rolls so far and they are both AMAZING!
Besides all the culinary masterpieces, the family that owns this small business are the most kindhearted and hard-working people I have ever met.
Go and you will not be disappointed.
A mis amigos hispanos: Si quieren unos tacos como los de casa, las mejores salsas, y el mejor servicio, TIENEN QUE IR!
Despues de comer en Tacos Kissi, preparense para los antojos todos los dias!!
Jajaja...

Awesome Mexican food.
If u want authentic this is the place.
Too many berto this and berto that has clouded the taste buds of AZ residents.
If you want ur mouth to have a fiesta then try the tacos with any if their homemade salsas!

Food is amazing!
Friendly staff and welcoming environment.
Although it looks shady on the outside the place is amazing and the food is fresh and delicious

So delicious!!
My new favorite place.
Sushi was actually better than I've had at a lot of sushi joints.
Great customer service too!

This place is great!!
The food was delicious and everything was fresh.
I will definitely be back.

Fantastic!
I don't understand how this place isn't bangin' with a line out the door.
Sushi, great flavors but I really got to agree with the other reviewer when she said she hasn't had tacos this good out of Mexico.
Neither have I, and man have I been chasing that flavor.
Carne Asada baby, with a side of sushi.
Sounds gross?
Oh no, its sooooo good.
Damn!

We have been searching for a new love after Tacos Atoyac closed and I think we finally found good street tacos again!
I tried a carne asada, pastor, shrimp and fish taco (they do have fish tacos, even though they aren't on the menu)!
They were all good, the fish taco was my favorite.
Awesome tortillas and the fresh salsa bar was great too!

Amazing!
Everything taste soooo authentic just like in Mexico.
Salsa is fresh spicy and perfect!
Free chips soooo crunchy and yummy.
I love love their shrimp cocktail and ceviche so fresh so cheap and flavorful.
I love how they have many option to choose from .
Hands down best taco shop in phx!

Just came here today.
No mexican roots but I know my mexican food.
Great street tacos.
Your chioce of soft corn or flour tortilla.
I had the asada, pastor and chicken fajita tacos.
Chicken fajita was the best.
It was tender juicy and delicious.
The pastor came in second and was flavorful.
Asada taco was a little dry and had a small bone that could have broke a tooth!
Horchata was made in house and yummy.
Not too sweet; the way I like it.
Salsas were fresh and delicious too!
Tomatillo salsa is awesome!
Nice little salsa bar and free chips for those eating in.
All in all a great little place and one I would come back to.
Nothing to look at but good food.
I look forward to trying other things on the menu but will probably pass on the asada taco next time.

Ordered food to go in the last thirty minutes before close.
Ordered four ceviche tostadas and were very nice, called back two minutes later to change it from two tostadas to two fish tacos and they said no problem.
When we got there they were friendly and the place was clean and seem to have a few customers.

Get that torta.
Fresh bread.
The best fries.
Eat in so you can get the homemade chips.
Make sure you pour the green sauce on the torta.
Bomb!
Sorry no pic.
By the time I thought about Yelp, torta was gone.

I was so pissed off last night when i ordered a torta from fillibertos.
It was disgusting...all the carnitas was burnt to hell...etc...  i was so mad- that tonight I set out to find a delicious torta.
I found Kissi...WOW.
That was the best torta I have ever had.
I had the pierna...the bread was very fresh, the meat was soft and perfect...ordered everything on it and added pico de gayo.
I am pretty consistent and when i find something i like i stick with it.
This is now my torta place.
Oh and they were very nice...i have never seen a menu like that, they explained all the different stuff...never heard of "pastor" or "pierna", etc...
Awesome.

Carne Asada tacos are where it's at!
Soooo delicious!

Carne Asade, flour tortillas were the bomb!
I am so happy to have found this place, I can't believe I drove by it everyday for a year saying I'll stop later!
The only downfall...I am a night owl ...they are not open 24-7.

We ordered a variety of things.
Pleasantly surprised by the tacos de cabeza and the mar y tierra sushi roll.
Definitely coming back.

