Great food !
Excellent service :).
Loved the avocado & tomato salad :)

By far the tastiest restaurant in Casa Grande, highly recommend the food, service, and atmosphere!

Ate here while on a road trip with my cuban father...
Loved it.
Staff was friendly and Laid back, food tasted home made.
We ordered a bunch of apps and the fricase de puerco.
Recommend the potato meatballs, plantain chips, and the pork fricase dish.
Highlights include the garlic sauce that comes with the chips and the quality of the pork...
Both were absolutely outstanding'

After trying to get here twice before to find them closed - Sundays and Mondays, we almost gave up.
Now very glad we did not.
Just ate there, and besides excellent home-made Cuban food, the Mom and Son chef combo, and their staff made you feel like you were a welcome guest in their home.
The restaurant is in a small historic building that used to be home to the local newspaper, and we were a bit worried at first because it looked very small.
Very pleasantly surprised, and stopping there again this coming weekend.
If you are into Cuban food, this is a must stop on your trip.

Hands down my favorite place in town!
- Family owned Mama cooking her recipes in the kitchen.
Pedro, the owner, was very nice and accomodating.
- Awesome tasting food Tomato avocado salad,  arros con pollo, fried yucca, lomo asado, shrimp fried rice, maduro  - friendly and earnest service Don't expect polished, premier table service.
But its sincere and well intentioned.
Like if your cousins were serving you during a family get together.
- They apparently have live music on Fridays and Saturdays

Excellent food and service.
I used to live in south Florida and really missed great Cuban food.
We had chicharritas, lomo  asada, and arroz chin leche.

Went here with the family as we passed through town.
The food was absolutely amazing.
If you are on the 10 PLEASE STOP HERE!!
Family got Pedro's shrimp, the pork, Cuban Sandwich, one of the appetizers (forgot which one).
I can't even begin to describe how delicious this food was.
The shrimp came with some sort of topping of onions, capers and garlic.
Just incredible!
However warning: food is cooked to order so prepare for some wait time.

If you go to a restaurant expecting great food than this is your place.
The food is fantastic.
I mean superb!
If it were in L.A., New York or San Francisco you would have to wait weeks for a reservation.
The Ropa Vieja portion was quite large but I kept eating even after I was full because it tasted so good.
The yuca was the best I have ever had ....
Even in Havana!
Do yourself a savory favor and have a meal here.

The best restaurant in CG bar none

We stopped in here mainly because we had a discount coupon and also because of great reviews.
We came in for an early dinner, sat down and started perusing the menu.
This was our first visit to a Cuban restaurant, so we were busy reading every description.
A few moments later a gentleman came out and introduced himself as Pedro, the owner and sous chef.
Mama Feli, being the head chef.
He asked if we had any questions, well yes, we did.
He sat down and explained not only what was in every thing on the menu but how it was prepared.
That actually made our decision even harder, everything sounded wonderful.
We decided on the tomato and avocado salad, which we had read was amazing in reviews, Ropa Vieja, and Fricase de Puerco both with Congi.
It was by far one of the best restaurant meals we have ever had, and very affordable, even without the coupon.
Everything was delicious and the servings were very generous.
I could easily have eaten the whole thing, it was that good.
I did manage to save some to take home and then had some dessert.
We are only in the area for two weeks and unfortunately we are leaving tomorrow.
We both wish we had found this restaurant at the beginning of our stay, so we could have come again.
We will definitely be back when we are in the Casa Grande, Phoenix, Tucson area.
Driving an hour for a meal like this would be very feasible.

This is a great place!
It is in a new location,  but the same great food.
They moved in August.
Love the music too.
Live band!

Based on reviews, met some friends at Feli's as it is about half way between Scottsdale and Tucson.
Have to say, it was really excellent.
I had the tomato, avocado and grilled chicken salad-delicious, fresh, and would definitely recommend.
Cuban coffee was also really good.
Kind of "iffy" area (based on the homeless guy sleeping on the front porch area when we got there-told to "wake up and move on" by the management), but nice, clean inside and their own parking lot right outside is nice.
One recommendation to the management: have a sign to silence cell phones inside; several times during lunch, obnoxiously loud ringtones interrupted what was an otherwise nice ambience.

I saw the great reviews and decided to give it a try the special.
Excellent!
The waitress was super nice.
The food came out quickly.
I will be back.
SOON!

We stop in Casa Grande just to eat here.
The food is awesome, especially if you like garlic.
Today I had the flounder, which was perfect.
My wife had pork and asked for extra sautéed garlic.
The brought her a small bowl, which she loved.
Don't miss the mixed salad, tomatoes, avocados, and grilled onions.
GREAT!

Let me start out by saying that I really, really, really wanted to like this place.
I am in favor of eating at non - chain restaurants and supporting locally owned places (that's why I LOVE Yelp).
I read all of the reviews and was super impressed, as anybody would have been.
Now for the reality of it.
First off, we were the only people there, my gf and I.
That didn't bother me because we were there for an early dinner.
The service was great but painstakingly slow.
The owner was super accommodating and even opened bottles of wine and let us try them before we ordered one we liked.
The food:  We ordered the appetizer that had the potato and meat rolled into a log and deep fried,  about the size of a long spring roll (I can't remember the name).
It really didn't taste like much and it could of had any meat in it and I wouldn't have noticed a difference.
The avocado dipping sauce was the best part.
We had the 10 and 13 (I think) I had the shredded tri - tip with the congri.
Over all it was good.
My gf had the cuban version of a chicken fried steak.
It was very tough and there was a huge piece of unedible cartlidge running through the middle of it.
Without the chimi-churi sauce ($2.00 for about 2 tablespoons worth) it would have been very bland.
My mojito was great.
The plantans that came with both meals were sickingly sweet.
The owner disappeared toward the end of the meal and I had to chase down the girl that took over to get our check.
Bottom line is I wouldn't recommend this place and really don't think we will go back.
I tried to stretch this into a 4 or 5 star rating but couldn't.

Great Stewed Tri-tip and hubby has special if the day.
Beer is cold on tap.Tthis is located in old town Casa Grande.
Restaurant is very clean bid go back in a heartbeat and will the next time we are driving from California to Texas try this place, you won't be sorry.

Delicious!
We were randomly in the area and were looking at different restaurants on Yelp.
We were considering another place but my friend's boyfriend was adamant we come here.
I'm glad we did because I thought it was SO delicious.
We shared an appetizer (some beautiful round mashed potato balls stuffed with a diced meat, that you could dip into an avocado sauce).
WOWOWOW.
I had some chicken of sorts with plantains (good).
My friend had a delectable flounder entree (which was surprisingly super duper delicious).
Next time I'd definitely get that fish dish!

The mojito was fresh and delicious, hubs had the Viejo Rojas and I had the Cuban sandwich both were delicious and the fried plantains were awesome.
Service was friendly and quick.
Thoroughly enjoyed our meal!

The food is very good!
I had the Cuban version of chicken fried streak and it was amazing!

My dad and I were looking for a new spot to go to dinner, and this place was phenomenal!
It was pretty quiet on a Thursday night, but it was clean and personal and the food was to DIE for.
Family recipes with an incredible amount of flavor and variety.
I've always wanted a thriving downtown CG, and restaurants like this are the way to make that happen!
Make sure to support this local delight -- start with the Tostones and take your pick of the entrees!
The congri is delicious as well.

Amazing food!
Don't pass up on this place for lunch or dinner, the food is phenomenal!

