As a tonkotsu ramen aficionado, I'm constantly on the lookout for the next great ramen-ya, especially one that can rival the best in LA, or dare to dream, the ones in Hakata, Fukuoka, Japan.
It was with great excitement that I noticed their preopening announcement, and we set out to try them for a weekend lunch.
Upon entering the restaurant, we noted a clean Spartan aesthetic but the wooden benches were quite hard and mildly uncomfortable.
The menu was simple and straightforward.
We asked the waitress what the Tatsu ramen was, and she explained it is their tonkotsu with additional chashu (6 vs 2 pieces).
We went ahead and ordered the tonkotsu ($7.77) and Tatsu ($10.77) ramen.
Our bowls came out quickly and were accompanied by seaweed, ginger, a tiny bit of green onion and sesame, but no egg.
Surprisingly, there didn't seem to be an option to add an egg, or other accompaniments, i.e.
additional green onion, corn, etc.
Interestingly, the shio and shoyu versions appear to come with an egg though.
While it looked promising initially with the proper thin white ramen noodles, our experience was underwhelming.
First off, the noodles were overcooked and not al dente or firm enough.
While the amount of noodles was adequate, the amount of broth was on the skimpy side and could have been served hotter.
(Usually the better ramen joints serve their broth piping hot so that it is still plenty warm by the time you're finishing your meal.
) The porky flavor and richness of the broth was ok but not something you would want to slurp up every last drop of.
The chashu was not quite tender enough, a bit too fatty (that I was compelled to pick off the fatty parts), and somewhat bland at the same time.
It was also odd that when I asked for shichimi togarashi (Japanese chili powder and a classic condiment), they only had chili oil available.
In the end, Ramen Tatsu was just okay for us.
It is better than much of the local competition, but doesn't induce any cravings to return.

The Skinny: at the end of the meal, I had a half filled bowl of broth - 'nuff said (3), service: efficient and fast (3); value: it's okay - not too pricey for a bowl of okay ramen... but nothing that I feel like I need to return for (3 stars).
When we saw the signs for a new ramen joint opening up in the Chinatown area, we were stoked.
We love ramen - tonkotsu ramen in particular - and we were very interested to find a ramen joint that serves the traditional thinner white noodles with their tonkotsu broth.
We headed over to their soft opening just to see what they had to offer.
I believe that their menu is truncated a bit at this time.
No matter - we decided to hit up their Tonkotsu ramen ($7.77, 2 pc chasu, green onion, ginger and woodear mushroom) and their Ramen Tatsu (basically a tonkotsu ramen with more chasu and in bigger bowl of noodles).
Okay, let me get this straight.
Ramen for me is all about the broth.
That is the most difficult part to get right and where all the flavor comes from in your bowl.
If I am leaving a bowl of ramen with at least half a bowl of broth behind, that says something - it just ain't that good.
The tonkotsu broth didn't have the luxurious porky depth that it needs to really distinguish itself from other ramen joints in the city.
On to the rest of the bowl.
The chasu in the bowl didn't really have much of a marinated flavor with it and rendered it a bit bland.
The noodles - although they were the legit kind - were a little too soft for my taste.
I would also venture to say, the bright pink ginger topping should be left to the side instead of incorporated in the bowl.
I was also a little sad that the wasn't the option of adding an egg to your bowl.
Perhaps this oversight will be corrected after the soft opening.
Another thing of note was they did not have togarashi to go with the ramen - only the chili oil.
As my hubs is a total togarashi fanboy, he was verily disappointed.
Service is quick and efficient.
I believe we were in and out within half and hour.
Overall, in the big scheme of things, Ramen Tatsu is alright.
However based on the offerings today, I don't feel a huge urge to return again soon.
(3 starred review).

I see that I have been beaten to the punch by 3 fellow ramen aficionados already, but here is my take.
I would have given 5 starts if this were 4 years ago, but as the competition heats up for local ramen-ya's, I have to be a bit more stingy with my ratings.
Before all of that, I have to be on Tatsu's defense about shichimi togarashi as August has a basic misconception about it.
If you ask a Japanese native what you would put Shichimi on, you would hear Udon first and foremost, then hot soba, then perhaps gyudon and oyakodo.
If you ask 100 people, you probably wouldn't have anyone, maybe one or two people say Ramen.
So what do udon, hot soba, gyudon, oyakodo, etc.
have in common??
It's Japanese dashi made out of bonito flakes (katsuobushi), soy sauce and sea kelp.
Ramen certainly does NOT.
Shichimi is a traditional Japanese condiment and you would NOT see it in a normal Ramen-ya.
I have never seen anyone nor heard of anyone putting shichimi togarashi in Ramen-ya in Japan, and I'm certain that I've been to more ramen-yas in japan than Godzilla, Candace, and August put together.
However, please....no shichimi in zaru-soba.
You deserve to get struck by a lighting if you put shichimi in soba-tsuyu for zaru-soba.
So I think it's quite natural that there is no shichimi in a ramen-ya.
If they happen to have one, it's most likely because of an unusual request from American patrons.
Personally, I don't like to put anything extra in Ramen.
It's as if you went to Kabuto, or sukiyabashi jiro or kyubei.
If you are handed a nigiri of Toro with nikiri, or hirame with sea salt and a dash of yuzu, you don't dip that in soy sauce.
It goes straight into your mouth.
I do the same with Ramen, but that's just me.
I'm sorry to digress, let's get back to Tatsu.
I was relieved to see almost everyone there except for one having a conversation in Japanese.
This is always a good sign and it seems that they were making some final adjustments to their menu, as the grand opening is not till tomorrow.
So I went with standard tonkotsu and chahan (fried rice).
I was hopeful that chahan would be good as I heard a loud shaking of the wok in the kitchen.
Proper chahan making involves somewhat violent flinging of the wok to send the rice airborne so that it's directly fired up by the flame of the grille to get rid of excess oil, so that resulting rice is not greasy/sticky, what we describe as "para-para" kind of rice, and it was well done, although a little subtle in flavor but I like it that way.
I think they can easily add other things and make it more interesting like kimchi or takana chahan.
So, off to the ramen.
As far as tonkotsu broth is concerned, I though that it was on a simpler side, very reminiscent of shinsengumi in L.A.
If I have to be critical, it was somewhat too simple and lacking in depth.
I'm going to give them a break as it's not far from that of Monta's and it's not even grand opening yet, but could use a little bit more depth by playing with their soup stocks, and I personally prefer something a bit fattier, like kotteri option with se-abura (back fat) and all, sort of like what they do in Daikokuya in L.A. or a lot of tonkotsu places in Japan.
As other reviewers said, there is no option for nitamago, but I'm sure that this will be corrected by grand opening.
Also, the noodle was properly thin and straight kind which is the usual kind for tonkotsu, and it was cooked just right, although I was told that I can request to have it softer or harder.
All in all, I think it was 3 to 4 stars.
Their tonkotsu could be heavier/deeper in flavor but that may be my personal preference, but as places like shinsengumi is doing well in L.A., some people may prefer it that way.
I really hope that they will add a kotteri option.
The reason that I'm somewhat more critical these days is that in Japan, a ramen-ya must have some sort of unique appeal in order to survive.
When there is only Monta in town, then something standard would do.
Now that we have Monta, monta chaya, fukumimi, sora, and tatsu as the only authentic ramen places (sorry anime, shoku, koraku....you guys don't count), they each need to do something more unique.
I would go to Fukumimi or Monta for tonkotsu over Tatsu if they stayed the way they are.
And Sora's miso is way way above others and I wouldn't eat miso anywhere else unless tatsu does something impressive.
I'm hoping that they'll make some more adjustments and improvements to be competitive with fukumimi and monta as far as tonkotsu is concerned, and I'm intrigued by tsukemen as no one else offers this option at this time.
I'll revisit in a few weeks and let's hope that they will move in a positive direction.

Awesome place!
Love the food, very flavorful.

Well, it's my second visit, first time after the grand opening and if you call yourself a ramen aficionado, you will have to visit this place....several times.
The menu now is quite large.
They have quite a bit of topping options including soft boiled egg that I expected them to put on the menu.
One suggestion that I may have is that ginger be removed from ramen as a default topping.
I personally don't like it, many people don't like it(so it seems), it adds ginger flavor and color to the broth that a lot of people may not like.
I would have it available as a condiment for free.
I just don't consider it a "topping" but more like a free condiment such as salt and pepper.
The reason I wanted to revisit was to try the tsukemen which isn't available anywhere in town.
The word tsukemen comes from "tsukeru", to dip and "men" or noodle.
Tsukemen is considered a subcategory of ramen, but it's quite a different beast IMO.
The history of tsukemen is not very long.
Taishoken in 1955 was said to be the first ramen-ya to invent the tsukmen, and "in general", you see thick, somewhat cold/warm (not hot) noodle with very rich/dense dipping sauce/broth to the side.
This "tsukedare" or dipping sauce/broth tends to be much more viscous and dense in flavor than a ramen broth so that you can adjust the amount of broth you eat with the noodle.
I believe that the original taishoken dip is somewhat sour/zesty coming from vinegar or citrus, but some of them are sweet or rich in fish flavor as exemplified by the famous Rokurinsha with fish powder.
It is somewhat similar in concept to traditional Zarusoba, where a cold buckwheat noodle is dipped in sobatsuyu, but the major difference is that the dipping broth is more of a thick ramen broth made by pork broth, chicken, fish, and such as opposed to sobatsuyu made of traditional dashi such as bonito flakes, kelp and soy sauce.
Tatsu's tsukemen didn't disappoint.
I have not eaten that many kinds of tsukemen's in Japan, but this will be in zesty/sour type.
However, the broth "I think" is pork based but I could be wrong, it has a very thick umami flavor with what seems to be a seabura fat floating on the surface and you might think that it will be very kotteri/fatty, but the zestiness leaves a relatively light after taste.
It's very THICK if you taste the broth by itself but it's designed that way so that you dip and adjust how much broth you want to eat with the noodle.
The noodle is interesting.
It has specks in them like an arabikki soba noodle, somewhat thick and chewy and it's actually very good by itself and goes very well with the dipping broth.
I come to find out that they actually have 4 kinds of noodles, one for tsukemen, thick/curly for miso, thick straight for shoyu, and thin straight for tonkotsu, and they apparently get them from 2 manufacturers in california.
Now that I've heard about different noodles, I have to come back for their shoyu and miso....I think Tatsu is a very interesting addition to the line up of authentic ramen-ya's in the city to make the ramen scene much more interesting.

My new favorite place in Las Vegas!
I love love love Ramen!!
This is my favorite and the best place I have ever been in Vegas!
Great food of course.
I ate Shio ramen.
Healthy, fresh and yet very tasteful.
;) loved it.
Friendly stuff, great service, and clean and great atmosphere.
I will come back when I'm in the town;)

Have tried their Tonkotsu, Fried Rice, and also got to experience Tsukemen which cannot be found in Las Vegas as Alex has mentioned.
Since the explanation has been done already let me cut to the point and go to the reviews.
Growing up in Japan and only having very few ramen in California that has satisfied me, I can definitely say that this is one of my favorite spots in Vegas.
Moving out here recently, I would not had expected for there to be a well staffed, clean environment, and (the most important part) belly filling japanese ramen restaurant.
However Tatsu has blew my mind on that.
Their soup is delicious and very full filling, something about the combination with the noodles (once again no explanation needed since all is done by the previous reviewers) and the environment definitely makes you feel home.
A must try spot if you love ramen and definitely the Tsukemen is something everyone should try.

This ramen place did not disappoint.
I ordered the Tatsu deluxe ramen and was pleasantly surprised by the thickness of the charsiu and also the flavour of the broth base.
They also did not skimp on the other ingredients.
There was plenty of bean sprouts, green onion, and two pieces of nori.
The only thing they could have improved on was to give a little bit more ramen in the bowl.
Otherwise this ramen was quite delicious and I finished all the soup, which I don't usually do.
I also tried their fried rice but was not as impressed with it.
It was not flavourful enough and the presentation was not pretty.
It also had quiet a few dices of pure fat in it.
My recommendation, stick with the ramen and you will be back for more.
I give 3.5 stars.

I first noticed this new ramen house awhile back but it took some time for this new restaurant to open.
Was it worth the wait!
I visited when they had their "soft opening" and decided to try the fried rice and tonkotsu ramen.
I really enjoyed both.
The fried rice was cooked and seasoned just right.
The tonkotsu ramen rivals a nearby competitor's.
I would have to say that Ramen Tatsu's tonkotsu ramen tastes better and is definitely presented better.
If you are in the Chinatown area, you must try this place.

There is potential here so maybe down the road things are going to be different, but I think this is an average ramen spot for Vegas.
Not as flavorful or quality as Sora or Fukumimi, but better than the bottom-end Koraku.
I am very much a lover of a creamy broth that usually accompanies tonkatsu bowls.
When it's done right, it's just fantastic.
Unfortunately, here it's just... underwhelming.
Between the miso and the tonkatsu, neither broths had any substance.
They were just there, surrounding noodles.
The broth is everything.
It's just average here.
The chashu is very fatty and not particularly delicious.
Overall, just underwhelming.
Service is quick, though, and prices are the norm.
It's to the left of Q Karaoke, in case you're unsure where it is.
Honestly, you're probably better off at Monta or Sora nearby, though.

I had high hopes for this place....but I left slightly disappointed.
We'll start with the good, the decor is simple with clean lines and they have a few items that I will be looking forward to in the future, such as karaage and takoyaki!
I love takoyaki, so if they get that going and it tastes good, I might just stop by for that by itself and a char siu bowl.
Now for the not so good, I tried the Tatsu Ramen which has a tonkatsu broth with 5-6 pieces of char siu and a piece of seaweed.
I felt everything was a little bland and under seasoned.
The soup base tasted slightly watery and could have used just a pinch of salt to bring the flavor out a little better.
I think this was a general consensus, since I heard the elderly couple next to us actually tell the waiter that they felt their Miso Ramen needed salt.
The pork belly was thicker cut, similar to Ramen Sora, but marbled in fat like Monta's.
However, again the pork lacked seasoning.
They also put the ginger in the bowl for you, instead of having on the side...which i dislike since ginger is pretty overpowering and a personal preference.
They also have the option of two different types of noodles, thick and thin.....I ordered the thick noodles and felt they were a little soggy already by the time I started eating....So unfortunately at this point, I will be returning to my old stomping grounds of Monta and Ramen Sora.

Overall, Ramen Tatsu is alright.

Decent ramen place with good portions.
I also think the price is right.
Had the Tonkasu Ramen with egg.
Taste right.
Also had fried rice.
I'd definitely return to this place.

Man that bowl looks good when it comes out.
But the broth is bland, the meat is just over salted, and nothing else is good.
I don't think its a good thing when I have to try and fill the bowl with chili oil and soy sauce to get flavor.
Service is fast, friendly, but the food is lacking.
Monta, Fukumimi are better choices.

I'm pretty satisfied with Ramen Tatsu.
Good crispy and flavorful gyozas.
I've had the shoyu ramen and the spicy miso, I've also tried (a spoonful) of the Tonkotsu and Shio.
My favorite was the shoyu, the flavor was there, more subtle not salty.
Noodles are al dente and according to one of the waiters they are fresh made daily some place in California.
If we are to compare to the other Vegas notorious ramen place, I feel Monta's broth has become too diluted and salty for me.
But Ramen Tatsu does feel a lot like Monta, if fact the chef seems to be the old one from Monta.
The cut of pork is thicker here and less marbled fat which I like.
Good, very friendly service.
Pleasant space to sit down and enjoy dinner, maybe not so much the style of a fast food bustling traditional Japanese ramen, but I like enjoying my beers while I eat and I don't mind this lack of authenticity.
Also a plus, there's never much of a wait here, but it's a new place.
I'll be coming back to Ramen Tatsu for my ramen fix.

I hate being a hater but that was a 2 star experience.
They can't compete with the big boys down the street.
My wife got the tonkotsu ramen and while the broth was decent, they gave her thin noodles which she didn't like at all.
The server didn't even offer a choice and the thick noodles in my deluxe were way better.
The deluxe definitely wasn't skimpy on ingredients but the broth was bland and the charsiu was just OK.
I would have ordered the deluxe with tonkotsu ramen or shoyu (soy sauce) if I could do it again.
What's up with no music in the restaurant?
I felt like I was eating ramen in a library.
Is 3 stars the new 2 stars?
Even the 3 star reviews are telling readers to go elsewhere.

I really enjoyed the tonkatsu at Ramen Tatsu.
They are generous with the ingredients here and the tonkatsu was creamy and savory without the overpowering saltiness that some other ramen places serve.
And man, when that bowl of ramen arrives, it's just gorgeous.
Picture-perfect for all you asians, like me, who love to document their meals.
Their chashu pork, although not very flavorful, is still pretty tasty.
On my second visit, I got the idea to order the seared chashu and add it to my ramen.
Yummy!
They should totally have this option for toppings.
The noodles were thinner in the tonkatsu but I didn't mind it.
You probably can request the thicker noodles.
A nice plus is that you can get a refill of noodles (kaedama) for only $1.50.
The restaurant is still pretty new so it has that awkward ambience of a place just starting up and the menu seems to be a work in progress.
Would love to see this place do well amidst the growing number of ramen shops around town.

I was here after it opened and it was great.
The noodles were some of the best I'd had (thin like pho noodles but ramen recipe).
Today it was garbage.
The noodles are just average and the chashu had a funny taste.
I won't be back.

Broth n ramen was not bad but the charsiew aka pork was a disappointment.
They were too tough n didnt give us the shiok feeling biting it.
We didnt even finish the meat.
Chickenkaraga was not authentic enough.

I've tried this place twice in August....yes this review has been overdue and now they are currently closed for site maintenance!
I actually liked this place.
The tonkatsu broth was tasty and the ramen was cooked al dente.
The bad side was that there were only two pieces of pork and I was left still feeling hungry.
I guess I must have been starving or I just need a side of extra noodles.
Overall, I liked Tatsu ramen and I'm hoping they reopen soon.
There is a minimum for credit cards so bring cash if your only ordering one bowl!

I have been craving their tsukemen.
I have been to Monta and Sora in the last 4 weeks and I needed something different.
When I went there about a month ago, it was closed for renovation of some sort.
As it just opened not very long ago, I'm not sure what they needed to do.
When I arrived today, it didn't look much different at all, so I'm not sure why they've been closed, but anyway, I was stunned to find out that tsukemen has been eliminated from the menu.
As I believe that Monta and Fukumi are the places to go for tonkotsu, sora for miso, and tatsu for tsukemen, it was quite disappointing.
Anyway, I had tonkotsu as I just had monta last week and wanted to compare the two.
Let me just say that their ramen is good, but it's not the TYPE of tonkotsu that I like.
If you like shinsengumi in L.A., you will like their version of tonkotsu, but I personally favor more thicker, heavy tonkotsu flavor that you see in Monta or Daikokuya.
You do see variation in the tonkotsu flavor in Japan, and I'm not going to say that one is better than the other, but it comes down more to personal preference and this isn't the type of tonkotsu that I like, hence I'd say 3.5 stars.
I wonder if there wasn't enough demand for tsukemen to keep it on the menu?
but it is certainly a disappointment for me.

Me & the boyfriend have been eating here since day one and we love it!
Love their curry katsu & ramen.
And when you ask for extra of something they actually give you EXTRA.
The owner is always nice & finds time to stop by our table to say hi.
We've never had a problem with service here.
This will always be one of our regular spots.

Saw the signage for a new ramen restaurant that was going to be opening soon while picking up dinner next door.
Fast forward about a month and I saw a few reviews from fellow Yelpers and most were just so so.
In spite of that, I still wanted to try it.
What can I say, I am a sucker for checking out new Japanese restaurants.
So I asked Leos to go with me on Monday.
Unfortunately they are closed on Mondays.
So we went to a new Vietnamese pho restaurant instead.
[Visit 1] So after waiting another 22 hours, I went back to try my luck at Ramen Tatsu (on their official grand opening day) after clocking out at work for the day.
The restaurant had 2-3 parties already when I arrived, but soon after placing my order for a Tatsu Ramen Deluxe I realized I was alone in the restaurant with just the staff.
Nervously I noticed that I was feeling oddly warm, as if I was still outside in the 111 degree heat wave, but it turned out to just be a weak AC unit.
The Tatsu Ramen Deluxe - Tonkotsu + Shoyu based ramen with 6 pieces of Chasiu and vegetables, seaweed, 1/2 egg.
The presentation makes it look bigger than it really is, reminiscent of the Frilled Lizard (http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ocXifB-lZLI/TuBV8QyQ3fI/AAAAAAAADfY/3h3LfMfHrFo/s1600/Frilled-Lizard-03.jpg)  The broth was decent, the noodles was cooked well.
[Latest Visit from yesterday] I ate already before making an unscheduled stop at Ramen Tatsu.
So I only ordered their Chasiu Rice Bowl.
Which is just a basic bowl of steamed rice with pieces of chasiu, green onions and a tiny bit of sauce on it.
It tasted fine, albeit a little dry with all the rice and very little sauce.
But was difficult to eat without potentially dropping pieces of chasiu on the table.
I tried the broth from the Tonkotsu Ramen and Shoyu Ramen that my dining companions ordered.
The Tonkotsu broth has definitely improved, and was definitely way better than any of the ramen I tried at the recent Ramen Festival at the Rio.
The portion for the ramen is what I considered smallish.
But the extra $1.50 for "noodle refills" is a great relative value.
Other observations:  * I asked for the Tsukemen, but it is no longer on the menu.
* The restaurant is typically pretty empty, great if you don't like to wait for ramen, which is supposed to be fast food.
* Split check request is handled without any fuss.
Definite plus.
Decor:  Nice and simple.
During holidays, they will have seasonally decorations,at least they have put up Halloween theme decorations right now.
Cleanliness: Very clean  Service: Friendly and thoughtful  Probability of return visits: Moderately high  More than a plain 3 stars, but not quite to 4 stars yet.

This place made me sad I was looking forward to coming here.
The staff was nice and the place looked cool but the food man....the food wasn't that good.
I got tonkatsu shoyu and it had a weird off taste to it.
My grandpa got the karaga and it tasted off too.
The pork was good had nice flavor but was tough its like i needed a knife to cut it.
:( This is the first time I had a bad review for a ramen place and it makes me sad.

Recently I was invited to a dinner which featured several of the most famous Las Vegas Japanese restaurant owners.
It was unanimous in their opinion that they believed RAMEN TATSU was the best TOKYO RAMEN-YA in America.
Yes, you heard that statement correctly.
TATSU is NOT a Kyushu Ramen-Ya, it is a TOKYO style Ramen-Ya that specializes in Shoyu style broth.
If you don't believe me, ask the owner himself.
The owners name is Wayne and he is a very respected man in the LV Japanese-American community.
RAMEN TATSU is unique in the fact that all ingredients are natural/organic style.
Wayne uses three different types of natural chicken bones for the broth in his Tokyo style ramen.
He also uses three different types of natural pork bones for his Tonkotsu ramen.
No other ramen-ya in Las Vegas goes this far out of their way to produce such a rich broth.
Many Japanese yelpers express that the reason California(Sawtelle Blvd) ramen is so much better than LV ramen is because the California places use this style of cooking.
The cook and owner has been the force behind many of the popular ramen-yas in Los Angeles.
He was the man responsible for the recipes which have now achieved notoriety, the same recipes from the LA ramen-yas that attended this years Ramen festival at the Rio Casino.
The signature dish at RAMEN TATSU is the Shoyu-Tonkotsu fusion.
This variation of ramen has become increasingly popular in modern day Japan.
It's origins stem from the Kobe area, where it has become a new subregional variation of ramen.
On account of the fact that Wayne is from Kobe, he has many years of experience preparing this subregional variation.
The recipe at TATSU remains unchanged from the recipe from Kobe while Monta's Shoyu-Tonkotsu is not the authentic recipe, instead it is merely an invention of the Kurume cook(who is now a Brazilian dude), who mixes his Kyushu broth with a generic nonaffiliated shoyu broth.
What I am expressing is that RAMEN TATSU has the only authentic Shoyu-Tonkotsu in LV.
And, this is the item you should order during your next visit.
The Curry- During your next visit at RAMEN TATSU, you should not neglect the Japanese Curry.
TATSU uses their own secret recipe which facilities a unique taste which upon my assessment is superior to CoCo Ichinbanya and Kaba Curry.
In a demonstration of unique cooking styles, the Chicken broth from the ramen is used as the backing for the curry.
Wayne's own particular Gram Masala is then instilled into the broth, and combined with three different types of vegetables.
The resulting product is curry that is as addictive as Mr. Zenbayashi's recipe.
And during a recent conversation with Mr. Zenbayashi, even he verbally approved of Wayne's recipe.
That is a major compliment coming from the man who runs the highest rated Curry-Ya in yelp history.
They also have Shio Ramen which is great for older Japanese folks.
A lot of older Japanese people like my Dad refuse to eat Tonkotsu and Miso Ramen, and eat nothing but Shio.
I will argue that RAMEN TATSU is the most authentic Japanese Ramen-Ya in America.
It remains true to the regional recipes in Japan, and the owner refuses to submit to western pressures to "Americanize" his recipes(as you can see, many of the negative reviews are due to the fact that the recipe is not americanized).
For example, Wayne recently terminated contracts with noodle suppliers because he felt they were not completely authentic to Japanese standards.
For the last few weeks, several Japanese noodle companies have been competing for the contract, while Wayne assesses and samples them all to determine which is the most appropriate.
The whole reason that Tsukemen is no longer on the menu is because Wayne demanded his distributors send noodles which were 100% authentic to the dish and made in Japan.
He would not accept anything lower, and would NEVER serve an item that wasn't 100% authentic to the traditional Japanese recipe.
Tsukemen will return shortly from my understanding.
This establishment represents the Japanese culture very proudly and will not give into the pressures to westernize the menu.
This is the reason there is no Togarashi.
This is the reason there is no Srirachi.
This is the reason why there is no cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Just like the owner of Kabuto, Wayne won't breech protocol which was established in Japan by the Japanese, for the Japanese.
And I respect him a lot for this.
Complaining that there is no  Shichimi Togarashi at a ramen-ya is like bitching to the chef at Kabuto about why there is no California rolls while you soak your chutoro nigiri in a mixture of shoyu and wasabi that you plan on eating with a fork.
I have to say that I vouch for RAMEN TATSU and encourage all the Japanese-American residents of LV to support this business.
Just a final note- The music they play here is the theme music to the Final Fantasy games, and old school anime like Cutey Honey, Candy Candy, and the Miyazaki films

Overall a good bowl of ramen- hard to compare to the other ramen places, although it did need a touch more salt..
The portion siZe was not big enough for my husband though so we had to order a side of gyoza- they have Purified Water which I really liked cause it didn't have that bad metal taste!
bomb water!
The atmosphere and service was very nice and friendly although I think that they are still in training a bit-- no problems though--  I'd go back if I were in the mood and in the area--

I was disheartened when the restaurant shuttered a few months back, but ecstatic when it reopened.
I am one of those that miss the tsukemen - it was truly a great ramen that can't be found elsewhere in the city.
I felt that it was better than the "dip ramen" you get at Ikemen in California.
If Tetsuro P. is correct, I'll be the first in line to try it again once the noodle issue gets sorted out.
My family and I have been getting our ramen fix near weekly since this place opened (and reopened).
The service is always spot on and cordial, and the food is consistently very good.
I've always felt that consistency is an issue with many restaurants - not just ramen-ya.
This is what keeps us coming back week after week.
We know what we're getting, and it's a guaranteed satisfying meal.
Lately we've been getting the tonkotsu shoyu ramen, the katsu curry, and fried rice.
All very good and not salty like some ramen around town can be.
The curry is not overly sweet and reinforced by some nice pieces of pork and makes for a hearty dish with or without any katsu.
One small criticism about the house specialty ramen is I feel that the abundance of cabbage in the bowl takes away from some of the subtle flavors of the broth.
Easy enough not to eat the cabbage.
Don't expect Monta or Sora when you come here.
If you do, you should just go to those places.
Do expect good food, good service, and a pleasant atmosphere.

I love ramen tatsu.
Should be called ramen tasty lol.
Spicy miso ramen extra spicy is amazing.
The owners Are amazingly nice and respectful, all staff was great and friendly.
Don't think many people know of this place, but if they gave it a shot they wouldn't regret it.
God knows I didn't!
Love this place.

I had miso ramen, my cohort had shio ramen.
I also ordered karrage chicken and gyoza.
I was in my ramen happy place.
My partner not so much.
Shio tasted off to her and she felt it had too much oil floating on top.
I gave her the rest of my broth for her noodles she liked that much better.
Service was great.
Need more non-caffine drink offerings as a suggestion.
Coconut water ect.

Came in here to try tsukemen for the first time with K.O.
Saw a episode of mind of a chef where David Chang goes to Japan to each a lot of ramen and tsukemen being one of them.
So when we got in we noticed tsukemen wasn't anywhere on the menu.
The waitress told us that when they received the noodles for the tsukemen it was the wrong kind and will be another month of so till they the new noodles.
Not sure what rake so long to get different noodles.
So we decided to just try the regular ramen and it was full of disappointment.
May have been the worst ramen I had.
We ordered the smoked chasu to share and I got the Tonkatsu shoyu ramen with garlic chip and egg add-ons.
Smoked chasu was very flavorful and delicious.
Meat quality was decent and the spicy sauce and the garlic on the side was a nice addition.
Now on to the ramen.
The broth - very light, kind of bland, and had a weird aftertaste.
Noodles -  wasn't bad, wasn't great.
I prefer the thinner noodles for Tonkatsu shoyu normally but decided to try it with thick since that is what they normally serve with this ramen  Chasu - the chasu in the ramen is of worse quality than the smoked chasu.
It is probably some of the worst chasu I have had in ramen.
Just looking at it you can tell the meat is of subpar quality.
Garlic chips - I liked the crunchiness of the chips, but seemed a little overcooked to me.
Service was good though and the workers were very friendly and that's the reason for the 2 stars.

First off, we struggled to find this place at night.
That store sign is very difficult to read.
Or we are just blind.
Place is very lovely looking and decorated to suit the theme.
Very similar to the other ramen houses.
Not too packed on a Saturday night.
Menu had several choices, but tonight we were aiming for spicy.
My friend got the spicy miso and a extra spicy for myself.
*Nice little check-in bonus (1 free drink).
Now the only complaint I have is that we have to add toppings?
I was a little confused since the description for my miso said ground beef..
So I added chashu.
My ramen obviously became expensive now..
Extra cost for extra spicy and chashu.
This bowl of soup better be worth it.
After several slurps, the spiciness  began to kick in.
Very good tasting broth, but I did not feel like it was anything special.
The spiciness was only a tad more than the regular.
The thick noodles were a nice change since we are used to getting thin types at the other places.
Service was excellent since our waitress was consistently coming around to see if we were doing okay.
Overall, this place is not bad in my book.
It just that there are plenty of ramen houses in this area.

I read about Ramen Tatsu in today's Review Journal, in Wednesday's "Taste" section.
I'd been craving some authentic Japanese ramen for a few days, so Mark and I thought we'd give it a try.
I was really looking forward to the tonkotsu ramen.
Tonkotsu is a pork based broth that is very time-consuming to make; the southern Japanese island of Kyushu is probably the capital of tonkotsu ramen, and I've had the real thing many times.
Chef Wayne Kageyama's tonkotsu did not disappoint; it was not as rich as the shiru (soup) that I became accustomed to in Fukuoka, and it had a decidedly smoky flavor that I didn't expect but was most pleasantly surprised by.
The tonkotsu ramen was the only menu choice to offer the thin noodles that I prefer, and the smokiness of the broth was an excellent foil for the kimchi that I ordered extra as a topping.
The very generous portion quite sated me; I had no reason or desire to order extra noodles or soup.
Mark ordered the shoyu ramen, which came with the thick noodles.
The garlic chips that he ordered were a little overpowering, but the broth was delicate and not too salty at all.
We ordered a side of gyoza (better known to Americans as "pot stickers") and a side of takoyaki - small dough balls filled with pieces of octopus and topped, usually, with a sweet teriyaki type sauce, Japanese mayonnaise and shredded or powdered nori.
The gyoza were delightful; well-stuffed, fried perfectly and then quickly steamed in the pan to offer a contrast of crunch and chew.
They brought back fond memories of sake-soaked late nights in mom-and-pop shops that abound in the back alleys of Osaka, trying to stave off the next morning's inevitable hangover, heh heh.
Osaka is famous for takoyaki, and unfortunately I found Tatsu's to be a small disappointment in an otherwise exceptional and very authentic meal.
There was not enough octopus, and the the sauce that topped them off was almost sweet enough to make them a dessert.
I must admit though, I did eat all of them!
I highly recommend this comfortable and clean restaurant for an authentic and reasonably priced adventure into Japanese cuisine.
Chef Kageyama is very affable; the staff, who are all Japanese, are pleasant and efficient, and more than willing to overlook the errors in my Japanese, which has become a bit rusty of late.
The restaurant is located in a strip mall on the east side of South Jones, between Spring Mountain and Desert Inn; parking is not a problem.
Beer (served ice-cold), wine, and hot and cold sake are available.
Major credit cards are accepted.
Dessert is conspicuously absent from the menu, but there IS a Baskin-Robbins right across the street, should you feel the need for something sweet afterward.
If this review convinces you to try Ramen Tatsu out, please give a "hello" to chef Kageyama from me -the "gaijin" from Osaka!

It was my first time dining here and I'm quiet surprised that we have a good ramen in vegas.
I saw the review on yelp, the rating isn't that good, but thought of giving it a try and I was satisfied with the food.
I ordered tonkotsu shoyu ramen.
The broth and the noodle was delicious.
I emptied my entire bowl without anything left.
I definitely will come back again.

This was a glorious and unexpected experience.
The broth was so rich and made me a ramen fan.
They had copious and flavorful side dishes like chicken kaarage and fried rice.
I stuffed myself and felt glorious afterward.
I definitely will make a point to come back the next time I am in town.

While on our way to the Chinese noodle place next door, we noticed Tatsu.
Seeing no one inside, we decided to venture in, as it had been a while since we've had ramen.
Our last attempt at a different spot was foiled with long lines and limited seating.
Tatsu is nicely decorated and had ample seating.
The waitress who greeted us was extremely friendly, and taught my kids different Japanese words and phrases.
The menu is simple and straightforward--ramen, appetizers, and katsu curry.
Our party of nine ordered several selections of ramen, karage, gyoza, and tonkatsu curry.
I ordered the deluxe.
Everyone seemed pleased with their meals.
The spicy had a good amount of flavor and spice.
The chasiu was flavorful and the right amount.
Next time I would probably hold the cabbage.
Good experience.
We will definitely return.

This is a fabulous authentic Ramen restaurant.
I have searched all over the US since my time as a student in Japan 20 years ago but never found anything that has come as close as this.
The Shio Ramen was light and flavorful.
The Tako Yaki reminded me of summer festival street stalls.
The curry rice was delicious.
I will come back here the next time in Vegas over any over priced fancy Japanese food establishment on the Strip.

My wife(Japanese)  wanted to get some ramen and we remembered a review in the newspaper.
We decided to give the Ramen Tatsu a try.
It is a very simple restaurant and the workers were Japanese.
We were very happy to find the ramen was excellent and the price was right.
I had the curry and my wife had the special.
The broth was rich, the pork tender, and the noodles cooked correctly.
We will be back.

The decor was nice n modern,place was not busy at all....only had one customer other than my hub n I....we came on Friday  lunch time around noon.
Service was good.
But was very disappointed in the ramen....taste of broth was just ok..I ...nothing special.
I ordered spicy miso n my hub ordered the reg miso ramen.
Spicy  Miso ramen only came w/ small bits of meat n green onions.... Where is the charsu?
Most places already includes couple peices of charsu and other veg....I didn't realize I had to order on side....
Anyway, i think I will try other ramen places before coming back.

Tatsu Ramien was an excellent experience.
The ambiance reminded me of Ramen Houses in Northern Japan.
The staff is friendly, accommodating, and allowed me to knock the dust off of my conversational Japanese.
The ramen was good to include the broth.
I agree with most of the other reviews about the with of noodles.
Make sure to specify the thickness you desire.
My wife and I found the "wide noodle" described on the menu not to be so "wide.
"  All of the menu choices for the night was well worth it and was served promptly, still hot, and with the friendlyness that we have grown accustomed to while in Japan.
My wife and I enjoyed the meal with another couple.
The total bill was under $70 dollars and we did not skimp on side dishes.
We were all satiated, full, and satisfied.
The environment can accommodate both quick meals for singular people as well as groups.
I would also feel comfortable taking my children to the restaurant.
Tatsu gets our "enthusiastic thums up.
"  Go check it out for yourselves!

I ordered the Shoyu ramen.
It was delicious.
The noodle texture was just right.
It was very clean inside the restaurant.
The server had good customer service.
I liked the atmosphere and design inside the restaurant.
The only thing I really wanted was to have a bit more noodles in my ramen without having to pay extra.
Overall a great experience.

My favorite spot for Ramen !!!
You need to try this place !!.
Great food, service, music and atmosphere.

Had dinner here, it was ok, nothing special about it, but the food was not bad also.
would i come back here?
I probably will, if there was no other option.
Their food is not really something i would crave, I definitely have been to much better ramen places, but if those are full, this place will do.

Ramen is amazing.
Tonkatsu ramen...YUMMY!!
Always add an egg...they cook it perfectly!
Love their fried rice  and had the tonkatsu cutlet for the first time...literally the best I've had.
Good sauce on the side and a great cabbage salad too!
Comes with the tonkatsu!
Come try it.
Great prices...good people!

Great ramen, great gyoza, and fried rice was made me feel like go back Japan !
Waitress Emika was so great service and attentive !
Cute nice girl.
Owner was very young nice dude also!
I highly recomemded this ramen shop!!!

decide to come here after reading the reviews.
place is very clean and staff is friendly.
as for the food... eh.
I got the deluxe and my friend had the spicy miso.
the broth was just okay.
it lacked depth and a bit of flavor.
ramen does come with excess amount of chirasu and other things to fill up the bowl.
the thick noodle was let anything memorable.
also ordered goyza and kiraage.
goyza was whatevers but kiraage was above average.
not too crispy and very juicy inside.
I wanted to try the fried rice based on the reviews but didn't have room for it.
overall, I don't know if I would come back here.
I still prefer ramen sora as my number 1 ramen place followed by Monta ramen.
it wasn't bad but not really worth going back.

The tsukemen noodle was too fishy for my liking.
I know the original tsukemen noodles from Japan are fishy but I can't be too angry considering on the menu it did say fish broth.
I prefer my tuskemen noodles with a perfect balance of sweet, fishy, brothy but possibly other people may like the super Fishy taste.
I know from experience that tsukemen is different for everyone so that is why I am not giving them a 1 star review.
Service was good from this place.

Came here to try the tsukemen ramen and I loved it!
Fishy, salty, intense broth to dip your thick ramen noodles in!
It was my first time trying this type of ramen since I've already tried all the other ramen places in town (Monta, Sora) and I would definitely come back to have tsukemen again!
They have the regular order for $10.77 and a double noodle order for $12.77.
I got the regular order and when I finished my noodles and still had plenty of broth left I regretted not doing the double noodles order :( the broth was so good, I really wanted to sip on it but alas it's too salty without the noodles.
The charsiu that accompanied it was soft and delicious.
We also ordered the kaarage and it was seasoned just right, crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside.
The mister had the miso ramen with butter and he devoured his bowl.
He also complimented on how great the charsiu was!
He also finished the broth in his bowl so that says something since he's normally not a soup person!
They also serve green tea (iced or hot), that does not come out of a can and you get free refills.
Overall we had a great lunch!
Would definitely return!

didnt really dine-in, but we did a take out coz hubby was tired.
the food wasnt to bad.
compared to ramen sora, tatsu's miso soup has more flavor and when you ask for spicy, man is it spicy...flavor spicy, how i like it... not Hot spicy.
i cannt remeber what else i ordered but other than that its a kute place to go.

I love this place!
The tonkotsu shoyu ramen is damn good!
The service is awesome and quick!
I go here everytime I want ramen!
Must go!

So, I was a bit depressed that Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is not open on Sunday.
After filling up the gullet at HK Star on Mothers Day, I wanted to get some tonkatsu for the mother in laws to have at her place for dinner.
So I was calling in an order and realized that they were closed on Sundays.
As I was planning to pick up some to go items from Asian BBQ and Noodles, I saw that Ramen Tatsu sign advertising tonkatsu so I decided to give this place a shot:  a.
Where is everyone?
On a prime mothers day Sunday at lunch, the place had, three people.
Take out - I was ordering take out, so I decided to forego any noodles and went for tonkatsu, tonkatsu with curry and an order of fried rice.
- Fried Rice - Very tasty, a nice firm consistency with great taste and plenty of small bits of meat.
I enjoyed this very much.
Not sure what was all in it as I just ate it all .
Yeah, I did give some to the mother in law, but took some home too.....  - Tonkatsu with Curry - Since this was take away, the tonkatsu was packed separately of the curry.
The tonkatsu was decent, no real wow factor for me, yet it was very edible.
Just not memorable.
the curry is pretty tasty.
I like the dark color and the richness of the curry.
There was no veggies in it like carrots or potatoes to give the curry a bit of flavor and excitement.
It was just curry.
The food as I said was decent, just not anything memorable.
The packaging of the take out was good, separating the curry from everything, but the presentation inside the boxes were a bit minimal.
In fact, if anything, the servings were a bit on the small side.
The service is five star!
The waitress was very pleasant and gave me a glass of water while I waited.
I definitely will be coming back soon to try their ramen and other dishes.
I like the fact that it is not too busy but I am bit concerned that they are not too busy either.
GK says try this place out, it is authentic and dry nice.
I just have to try a bit more of the food to tie this a 4 star or more...

The soup just too salty.
When I complained to the server about that.
They said if u wanna add some soup   U gonna pay $1.50.
WTF.
NEVER COME BACK

Not a long wait like monta!!
My friend and i decided to check out a ramen place we havent gone to in vegas before heading home.
This place didnt have a wait and we were seated right away.
Their menu is pretty simple-  ramen choices, some appetizers and rice plates.
The 3 stars is purely for the one of the better curry's i've had.
The curry almost reminds me of this meat sauce but curry flavored!
They have ground meat in the curry that adds more texture and flavor to the rice plate.
The ramens were so-so.
Soup base is definitely better at monta imo, but if you're hungry and hungover for some soup and dont want to tolerate the long wait at monta, this place might be a good idea.

Nice little ramen joint that is kind of hidden.
Definitely an enjoyable atmosphere.
They had a nice soundtrack and ambience with a quiet atmosphere.
They don't serve fountain drinks here, we were given our drinks in a can, so that was a bit of a turn off, but obviously nothing that would make me not want to eat at a place (haha).
I ordered the shoyu ramen and a side order of Katsu.
Both of them were great and definitely worth the try.
The portions were very good and I left there full.
The other 2 in my party struggled to finish, so that's a great sign on my opinion.
The ramen was very well priced and so were all of the sides.
I will definitely be stopping in for a bowl of ramen again, I'm interested in the other options.

I had high hopes for this joint, but fell short a bit...
Upon entering you may think looks similar to *onta, that's cuz the same contractor built it!
Ambiance looks good, smells good, tastes good, but needs a bit of color or pizazzz in the bowl.
I just don't feel the magic...
The green onions were the only vibrant add on in my spicy tonkatsu ramen.
The broth itself was good n porky, habanero infusion adds a kick to the tastebuds!
When it comes to any Japanese cuisine, I have come to expect the visual sensations as well as the palate sensations to come together in a harmonious combination of flavor and flair.
I know....sounds like a food snob but truth be told!
Imagine a California roll with no red crab, no green avo, just white rice n black seaweed, still look appetizing?
Back to the ramen, maybe add some red daikon?
Shredded carrot?
Cucumber leaf?
Fish cake swirly thing?
An habanero slice?
(no seeds!
)  I'm no chef, but I know what looks and tastes good!
Ima give em another shot but on to the next...  *iromaru here I come  Try every Ramen joint in Vegas?
Challenge accepted!!!!
Tanoshimu!

Pretty good experience at ramen tatsu.
If you don't want to wait Monta, this could be an option.
It's not quite up to par with Monta's chashu but everything else is pretty close.
I'm also pretty sure they use the same distributor for their noodles as Monta.
Overall I give this place 4 stars, which in my book is still pretty good!

We came here because Tatsu was recommended by our friend and also because they have takoyaki on the menu, which I've been craving ever since I've been to Japan.
My husband ordered the Deluxe ramen which is humongous, you better be really hungry.
It has a tonkotsu - shoyu broth and is loaded with lots of veggies.
I ordered the Spicy tonkotsu ramen which has a habanero spice.
It had a really good flavor but not spicy at all to me though, so I'd probably get extra spicy next time.
I asked them for thick noodles instead of the thin ones it normally comes with which I liked.
The Chasiu meat is so soft and tender, melts in your mouth and is one of my favorite chasiu in town.
They also have happy hour prices for appetizers from 3-6pm.
The Gyoza was good but the takoyaki was blah.
I couldn't even taste or see any octopus meat in it.
Other than that the ramen was very delicious and our server was cheerful and friendly.

Do they have Tsukemen?
Is it good?
Are other items good too?
Yes, Yes and Yes.
Tatsu is totally underrated.
They deserve way better rating than 3.5 - thus 5 stars to help bump up the rating.
To me, Tatsu comes close to Monta, Sora and Fukumimi (and Shoku, for that matter), if not better.
And so far, tsukemen (with authentic, special thick noodle!
) is only available at Tatsu (except Hiromaru but don't count).
If you haven't, try the deluxe ramen - it's a tasting menu for their ramen.
Also, fried rice and gyoza are pretty good too.
If you tried a long ago before the ownership fuss, give them a second chance.
My wife has more unforgiving tastes than myself (looking at you, Guy Savoy), but she approves Tatsu too.
Consider this review two votes.
We want good restaurants to stay.

I love this place.
along with all of my family and friends.
this is our go to place.
Love the music.
Love the vibe.
its so nicely decorated as well.
the owners are awesome!
love ramen tatsu!

Food is good... Price is good....
Portion is good...
If you want to have large bowl, you can choose deluxe....

Oddly enough, the husband and I were craving ramen on a hot, humid day in Vegas.
We usually go to Ramen Sora, but decided to check out a different place this time around.
Decided on Ramen Tatsu over Hiromaru, since "fusion ramen" sounded too weird and complicated.
They are located right across the street from 168 Market.
I don't like this plaza at all.
It feels too crowded and the parking is retarded.
Hard to explain, but you will know what I'm talking about when you go there.
They were pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon, but we were able to get seated right away.
Our server was polite and friendly.
I felt that she handled servicing all the customers very well by herself, including the couple sitting next to us.
They were flagging her down for every little thing and asking a lot of questions (yeah, they were one of those).
I ordered the Shoyu Ramen and a mini curry bowl.
The broth for the Shoyu Ramen had a good flavor, not too rich but also not bland.
I felt that there were a good amount of noodles.
The curry was great!
NO VEGGIES, and I believe the meat they used in it was pork.
Definitely my kind of curry!
It wasn't watery and tasted very good.
I'm not sure who the owners are, but this place looks and feels like an authentic Japanese restaurant.
My husband liked it as well, despite being located in  a kind of run down plaza.
Small price to pay for good food I guess.
I strongly believe Ramen Tatsu deserves a much higher rating!!
They have excellent ramen and curry, so I will definitely be back soon!

Love that it is hidden away from the other ramen houses on spring mountain.
Food is tasty,  I like the shoyu broth but have also enjoyed miso.
My son loves the curry,  has good flavor just no potatoes with it.
Doesn't stop him from ordering it everytime.
Prices are great, doesn't hurt your pocket.
Atmosphere is nice and cozy,  small like other ramen spots but never crowded when we come so not stuffy.

