There's not much to say about the Vegas sandwich titan that is Capriotti's.
This is a solid location on the corner of Lake Mead and Boulder Highway (Albertson's shopping center), formerly occupied by Boardhouse Subs.
Since it's very close to our house, I've already been a few times since it opened.
The service was a bit slow in the beginning, but they are learning and improving very quickly.
The last time I went in you would never know that this place hasn't been open long.
There are several places to sit, it's a good sized location with plenty of parking.
Glad to have this addition to the neighborhood.

Best sandwiches!!!
I am very sad however that I  will be driving to another location from now on.
They were very rude and acted like we were asking them to walk 10 miles because we asked them to put our orders on separate tickets.
The assistant manager rolled her eyes and acted like she wanted to slap us.
Then, when I asked to add chips and a drink to my order the girl told me to hold on, gave me my coin change and kept my 11 dollars and set it in front of her.
She added my chips, rang me up then tried to hand me back a few quarters.
I then asked her about my drink and she informed me that I didn't order a drink.
I told her never mind.
When I asked her for the rest of my change she told me she gave it to me.
I told her, "no you didn't" and she got an attitude and told me, "I know for a fact I gave you your change.
" I emptied my pockets and showed her all I had was the coin change she gave me.
Then the Assistant manager  Donna again acting like we were bothering her told her just to give it to me and she would count it later.
Well then when I tried to call the manager Carlos, he was in a meeting and then left.
I guess the business of our office and corporate office meeting once a month are not important enough for him to call me back.
VERY BAD SERVICE, IF I WAS THE OWNER, I WOULD FIRE THESE RUDE PEOPLE AND START OVER WITH PEOPLE WHO CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS!!

Staff makes me give it 2 stars... counter girl: not very relaxed nor friendly, like dealing with a quick-serve surgeon.
Cold sub girl: like she was strolling threw the park, take your time, relax, I'll still be here in an hour.

On our first stay in Henderson, we just discovered Capriottis, and are so pleased we did.
Carlos, the manager was extremely helpful.
The food was delicious.
Carlos made the sandwich for us.
They are known for their philly cheesesteaks, but we opted for a fresh turkey sandwich.
It was great.
We highly reccomend this location, and will be back during our stay..

We were so excited when Capriottis came to our neighborhood!
We get them any time we are nearby one, so how perfect that they are 2 minutes away now.
But too bad they CANNOT make a sandwich the way it was ordered.
Four times, FOUR, we have gone and each time they have totally screwed up.
We take them to go and when we get home and open it up, it's the biggest disappointment.
We only order the spicy Italian with peppers and mayo.
That's it!
Nothing too crazy or complicated.
Yet every time it isn't right.
Twice we have come home with just a regular Italian sandwich, once we came home with a spicy Italian without the peppers or mayo, and the last time we came home with a Philly!
A freakin philly!
I called them and told them about it and they said to come back they had it waiting for us.
So my husband brought the philly with him just to show we weren't lying and they gave him the Italian and wanted the philly back!
Mind you, this Philly has already come home with us, opened it up and everything.
I really hope they didn't give it to the person who really ordered it.
But they should have let my husband keep it for our trouble.
Anyway, so he brings home the spicy Italian sandwich and guess what?
It was a plain Italian with not even oil on it.
That was the last straw.
We will not be wasting our money there anymore.
Such a disappointment!

It's a sad day when they can't even make a bobby right after standing and directing them on how it should be made from over the counter.
Maybe when they can listen to a order and make it correctly I will try this location again.

I can only speak for my experience.. everyone was super nice and my bobbie was perfect!!!

