This is one of those reviews where I wish Yelp had 1/2 star options but nevertheless I'll give them the nod in the right direction because they get most of the important parts right and the place is worth a visit.
If you've been to Cafe Porta Alba in Hilldale Mall then this restaurant should be pretty familiar.
It's from the same people, the food is very similar, but this is basically the express version.
The pizzas on average are 10" instead of 12", but the bonus to this is that they are virtually the same size, they cost less ($8-9~ for a pie) and they have the same level of tasty quality.
That's really what's best about Novanta.
For those not familiar, Novanta and Cafe Porta Alba have a specialty oven that cooks their pizzas at 900 degrees and which was imported from Italy.
They have a rare Italian certification that only some 50 places in the U.S. have for being allowed to serve this Neopolitan Pizza.
It allows them to make your pizza in roughly 90 seconds, so wait times are fairly low for dinner (about 10-15 minutes after you order).
They use fantastic fresh ingredients with just enough choices on the menu to wet your pallet and a burnt, crispy, kneaded crust that is delicious.
It's a great portion size in my opinion; usually most people order one pizza for themselves, which gives you 4 reasonably big slices.
But since the dough is thin except at the point of the crust you will be comfortably full, not wondering why you ordered a whole pie for yourself.
As for selection, they have a few different routes you can go, the ones I described above have about 9-10 menu choices followed by another group with alternative styles (no sauce/4-cheese, deluxe salads, gelato, etc).
The Salccicia (sp) with Mushrooms, Olive Oil, Basil, Crumbled Sausage, and Garlic is incredibly good as is their plainer Margherita pizza with Bufala Mozzarella.
And if you don't like their options they do allow you to build your own.
The taste of all of the ones I've tried is light, full of flavor, with an appetizing amount of oil and crispiness that help you savor the last few bites.
The only bad marks are the location and lack of atmosphere.
While I'm appreciative that they opened this near my apartment, the bigger restaurant in Hilldale has a slightly more intimate feel and actual restaurant service as opposed to ordering at a counter.
The strip mall that Novanta is at is growing increasingly popular and has a really bad parking lot, so on occassion there's too many impatient drivers and swarms of little kids.
The decor inside is also bland, there's a few stock photos on the wall from Italy but otherwise it's very much the same as the Chipotle and Chins next door.
I'll give them time to improve this though, as they literally just opened and the cheaper price over Porta de Alba makes this a very agreeable place to frequent.
My wife and I had drinks and pizza for roughly $20 and tipped a few bucks at the counter jar as opposed to an actual waiter/waitress 20%+.
I recently had Pizza Bruta too, but both my wife and I liked Novanta and Porta Alba much better.
Not that Bruta is bad, it was decent, but it has the same atmosphere as Novanta with sub-par taste.
The pizza is definitely worth a stop for at Novanta.
Stop by ad give it a try and if you have room there's ice cream to wash it down with.
They even have a Nutella-Stuffed pizza that I'm really tempted to get next time I'm there.

My boyfriend and I went to Novanta on a Sunday and were greeted right away when we came here.
We needed a minute to look at the menu though, since we had never been here before.
The woman working at the counter walked away while we thought about what we wanted.
She came back when more people came in.
She greeted them and told them they could skip us in line because we were thinking about what we wanted.
It would've been nice if she checked to see if we were ready before she let people skip us, but she didn't bother.
The woman who skipped us in line was part of a group.
Some of the group skipped us while some of the group did not.
When it was time to order my boyfriend and I each ordered pizza and tiramisu.
The woman told us that they didn't make any tiramisu that day, so it was not available.
We then decided to just go with 2 pizzas.
The group of 6 who we ordered in the middle of all got their food before us.
I then saw my pizza was ready about 5 minutes before my boyfriend's pizza.
By the time our entire order was ready my pizza was room temperature.
The pizza tasted pretty good.
I got a margherita pizza.
I was disappointed that one of my four slices of pizza didn't have any cheese on it.
Part of the crust was burnt to a point that I didn't eat it.
Had there been a little more cheese and it would've been cooked correctly, I think this pizza would've been good.
There's a lot of potential here, but potential isn't enough to go back any time soon.
There are just too many other pizza options in the city.

I have visited Novanta a few times now, all for takeout, and it's been a damn fine experience each time.
It goes something like this:  - I peruse the menu on the wall, waffling between the fantastic salsiccia pizza (hold the mushrooms) I had last time, or one of the other dozen or so specialty pizzas listed.
- the friendly woman at the counter patiently waits - I skip the create your own option -- it's after work and my brain is fried.
I don't want to think.
I let the creators of these wonderful pies do the thinking for me.
- the friendly woman at the counter patiently waits - I order the diavola this time.
The salame and onion and basil are fresh and cooked to perfection in novanta secondi (note: it cooks in 90 seconds; it's not ready 90 seconds after you order) - I, the friendly customer, patiently wait - I devour the pizza within 90 seconds of sitting down to eat - Magnifico!
Return next week, repeat.

I love Novanta!
The pizza is great.
They have multiple vegetarian options, and you can also build your own.
I always seem to order the Toscano - it is so tasty!
I've dined in and also gotten take out multiple times.
Service is super fast at dinnertime.
I haven't stopped for lunch yet, so I can't vouch for how quickly you can get in and out during a busy work-week lunch hour.
Novanta is a great addition to the dining options on Old Sauk!

Just a short drive from my house I was excited to hear about Cafe Porta Alba Annex West opening!!!
Pizza and salads are fantastic (my pizza was actually slightly better than even the Porta Alba at Hilldale)...as I was hoping for!
The venue is underwhelming and I'm not the biggest fan of the counter order style (similar to Pizza Brutta), but the food was great.
We sat outside at their tables on a nice sunny day, but unfortunately you just overlook the parking lot.
Great service and friendly staff for sure...we will be going back!

The pizza oven is heated to a toasty 900 degrees Fahrenheit so that a fresh-made pizza only takes 90 seconds to come out perfect.
I could see the pizza chefs watching over our pizzas, like expectant pizza fathers, guiding and turning the tasty circles until they were ready to complete their journey to our table.
You can imagine what happened to them once they got there.
Yum.
The service was friendly and the restaurant is inviting.
Awesome Neapolitan pizza baked in 90 seconds?!?!
Life.
Is.
Good.

If you are dreaming of Naples but only have a few minutes to spare, stop by Novata to sample their delicious pizza or other Italian treats.
I ordered the Salisiccia, which had a nice balance of mushrooms, sausage and cheese.
The crust was flavorful with just the right balance of crispy and chewy goodness.
The kitchen offered a large selection of pizza choices so I could find the "one.
"  The restaurant was neat and clean although somewhat lacking in ambiance.
The staff was friendly and courteous and went out of their way to provide exemplary service, stopping by at least twice during the meal to ensure our satisfaction.
If I am ever in the Middleton area again (I live in California), I'll be stopping by again.
Five stars.

This was our very first time at Novanta, and didn't really know what to expect... We arrived at 10:59 AM on a Saturday morning...
The sign said "Closed" but we decided to pull in to get a closer look...
They opened at 11:00 and Nicole met me at the door with a bright smile, as she was flipping the sign to "Open"  And welcomed us in as their first customers of the Day.
The restaurant itself is very bright and clean and the food displayed in the cases and the fresh pizza ingredients all looked fresh and recently stocked.
The menus are very easy to read, and the choices, while simple, were still overwhelming as EVERYTHING looked and sounded Delicious.
The next person we met was Nick* who also welcomed us to Novanta introduced himself, and was extremely friendly, down to earth and very helpful.
We told him this was our first time at the Novanta, and he welcomed us, introduced us to the rest of the staff, and asked if we would like a personal run down of their menu items, and a walk through of their process...  We gladly accepted his offer, and were treated with a very detailed overview of the products, and the history behind the store and the fresh and house made as well as imported products, and ingredients they offer, Nick is someone who exudes passion for what he does.
That alone would have made this a fire star experience...
But then we ordered and received our food...
I ordered the Vegetariana pizza, and my wife ordered the Clasico Panini both featured their House Mozzarella and fresh local ingredients...  Before I could finish pulling up Yelp on my phone, and started to Check in, our food was being delivered to our table.
NOT FAST FOOD... Fresh Food Served Fast...    You can watch them build your pizza from scratch, by hand, and follow it into the  European Brick oven for a quick "Novanta" (90) Second bake in the 900 degree Wood Fired Oven.
The end result is a beautifully, slightly charred chewy crisp crust topped with a perfect blend of ingredients.
The Panini selections can be viewed from the counter, many examples are assembled, and ready to be pressed into perfection in the Panini maker...
Here too, you can see the selection of available ingredients, and watch them hand cut the fine meats to a thin perfection.
The Panini came with a side salad of mixed greens and their house olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette.
Both plates arrived hot, and fresh.
They were both visually pleasing to look at, and the portions were very well balanced.
Both were excellent in flavor and textures.
The Panini golden crisp on the outside, with a perfect blend of flavors from the meat, cheese and tomato center.
The pizza crust was perfection, a few charred (but not too charred) spots on the crust gave a true Neapolitan style pizza flavor...
It was also one of the more tender wood fired crusts that I have experienced...
Very light, and soft, yet crisp and charred.
The perfect blend of flavors and crushed tomatoes (which they do right in the store) It was heaven on a plate!
:)    If you go, bring a friend... Each order something different and share it... You wont regret it... and it will help you to get through the menu a little faster the next time around...
Cause you will be back!
* We found out later that Nick was one of the owners of the establishment.
His pride, and passion for what he does, really shines through, not only in the food he serves, but also in the staff and atmosphere of the store as well.

Pizza is always good, but don't confuse Novanta for your standard, doughy, greasy pie.
The light, crispy crust has a delicious, unique flavor from its quick spin in the oven, and the dinner plate sized, individual pizzas are generous (both my husband and I had leftovers).
We tried the diavolo and the caserta, and I'd order both again.
We also tried out the focaccia, and were offered a choice between olive oil/balsamic or marinara for dipping.
We selected the olive oil mix, but if we ordered it again (which is unlikely now that we know how filling the pizzas are), I'd select the marinara as I think it could use the extra punch of flavor as the focaccia is essentially just a seasoned round of the regular pizza dough.
The staff was very friendly and helpful in orienting us newcomers.
While traffic was steady on the Saturday night we were there, it was never too noisy or crowded to be enjoyable.
I'm hoping this place sticks around for the long haul- it was convenient, delicious, and well priced!

Downright delicious.
Creative, affordable and adventurous!
Try it.
You will not be disappointed.

Great place for kids.
Laid back atmosphere which we loved, yet still hip and cool.
Food was delicious!
I felt like I was in Europe when we tasted the food.
We ordered 4 pizzas all yummy (no we are not total pigs, the pizzas are individual sizes) , and we also had delicious arugula and prosciutto salad; which was heavenly.
What i liked is that their menu is big enough to keep you coming back to try different things.

The pizzas are made to order with fresh ingredients.
Their 900 degree oven makes the pizzas in 90 seconds - hence their name.
The atmosphere is laid back and we witnessed many people picking up their pizzas to go.
Now the food: The crust is thin and light and easy to cut.
My partner ordered from the Pizze Bianche menu and got the Toscano pizza made with house mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, roasted peppers, roasted onions, garlic, and basil.
I ordered from the Pizze Rosse menu and got the Caserta pizza made with salame, roasted peppers, roasted onion and oregano.
Both were popping with flavor and did resemble the pizza in Italy.
Since the pizza is thin, you don't get a stomach ache after finishing off the entire personal pizza.
I think the next time we will try their mozzarella bar or paninis!
And don't forget the Vino!

I have gone here twice.
The first time I accidentally ordered the pizza instead of the Cheese platter.
(too long of a story to explain) They were both tasty!
Your pizza is ready within 2 minutes after you've ordered and paid.
It was fresh and tasty and everything is very fresh.
Fresh mozzarella from WI is what I tried instead of the imported smoked- I try to suppose local everywhere I go.
The only drawback, the parking spot you're vying for with everyone else at the strip mall.

I like it but I am not quite over the moon yet.
Been in a couple of times.
Here's some highlights: Clean, fast, polite and tasty!
Food is very good, you can watch them putting your order together and put into the super duper hotty oven for 90 seconds.
The price on these smaller pizza's though is a bit off putting when one person can eat a whole pizza themselves.
You nearly need to order a pizza per person based upon what other food you are serving.
I stayed recently and ate in the back dining room.
The staff was courteous, checked in on us, even though its not a "real" sit down restaurant.
It was quite busy through dinner time which is always good.
I'll be back but not when I'm really hungry.

The food here is amazing!
I've taken my wife and kids, coworkers and even business clients here and they all say the same thing, "The pizza is outstanding!
"  I've lived in Europe and have traveled to Italy many times and this pizza is as close as to what I can remember in Milan and Venice.
The ingredients are as fresh as can be, no preservatives, and every type of pizza is simple in terms of the ingredients but complex in terms of the taste.
So good!
I absolutely recommend this place for a quick bite, a date night, or to have a great family meal.
They even have the non-preservative Coca-Cola (from Mexico) in the glass bottles, as well as the Italian Orange sodas!

This place is super solid.
Awesome Neapolitan style pizza, paninis, salads, appetizers and desserts.
Nice and cheap too.
It's in my neighborhood.
Go eat there, so it stays in business and I can eat there too!

I visited this restaurant with my boyfriend today for the first time and we loved everything we had, we are definitely coming back again!
The lady at the counter was very nice and also the guys at the back.
We ordered the Regina pizza and it was the perfect size for two people (if you are planning to order more food), the crust crunchy and gooey at the same time and such quality ingredients and the wonderful part is that you can taste all of them but in a beautiful light way, I enjoyed every single bite.
We also had the Gorgonzola salad which had a great combo of tangy, salty and sweet flavors, it paired perfectly with our pizza.
And at the end of our meal we had to have their chocolate truffle with a hazelnut filling, very nice.
To be honest, I enjoyed their food so much that I felt spoiled :)

A couple of weeks removed form the thrilling finale of the Yelp Pizza Bracket, I found myself drawn to yet another Madison-area pizzeria when my wife and I were foraging for lunch on the west side of town.
I enjoyed the pizza from Café Porta Alba during the competition, so I had high hopes for Porta Alba's more casual sibling, Novatna.
After finally tracking down a parking spot during the frenzied lunch time rush in the Old Sauk strip mall where the restaurant resides, I have to admit I was underwhelmed as I walked through the from door.
The eatery is wedged into a long narrow space, which gets progressively darker as you distance yourself from the front windows.
The interior is spartan, but clean.
The layout of the restaurant provides a vantage point to observe the cooks prepare your meal and feed the pizzas into the wood-fired oven in the open kitchen area.
As mentioned in Rebecca P, the view of the parking lot from the outdoor seating does not garner any style points.
The person at the counter takes customer orders was pleasant and asked us if we had previously dined at Novatna.
I indicated I had not, so she gave me a helpful overview of the offerings.
The food was a mixed bag.
The Classico Panini (House Mozzarella, Prosciutto,  Cherry Tomatoes, Arugula) was a let down.
Other than a more than a generous application of creamy house-made mozzarella, the sandwich was a train wreck.
The bread was surprisingly bland for a pizzeria that prides itself on its crust.
The exterior needed more time in the press, the exterior lacked the satisfying crunch needed to contrast with the soft, cheesy interior.
The biggest sin was the prosciutto element - there was a single, razor-thin slice, which contributed nothing to the flavor of the sandwich.
Also sparse were the cherry tomatoes, which were chewy and did not offer much flavor to balance out the cheese element.
Given its flaws, the sandwich was not a good value at $8.
My wife's pepperoni pizza was better than my sandwich.
The sauce was the strongest component; it highlighted the vibrant taste of quality San Marzano tomatoes, balancing the strong acidity with a high level of natural sweetness.
If mentioned earlier, the fresh mozzarella cheese provided the stringiness expected from quality cheese.
Like me bread, the crust fell short, with far too much chew and lacking the much in the way of flavor.
While the quality of the crust kicks the snot out of your standard-chain variety pizzas like Pizza Hut or Dominos, it falls short of what I experience at Grampa's or Salvatore's.
While I appreciate the fact Novatna is locally owned and operated in the chain restaurant jungle that is the West Side, I don't plan on rushing back anytime soon.

We stopped in for lunch today and really enjoyed it.
As stated by others, the place is sort of small and can be a bit dark near the back, the decor is minimal but it has a nice clean look.
We were greeted immediately upon entering and the service was great.
I had the Caserta pizza, my daughter had the Margherita, and my mother had the Vegetariana.
The pizzas were out to the table quickly and tasted great.
The sauce is fresh, the mozzarella is outstanding.
The fresh ingredients really stand out, this is not your typical greasy chain pizza.
The prices are very reasonable for what you get.
We also ordered a Nutella pizza to go, trust me, you need one of these.
We will be back again soon.

Great Pizza and salads.
Fresh, fast and reasonably priced!
Nice carafes of wine available.
We enjoy sitting outside in the warmer months at one of their umbrella tables.
The staff is always very friendly.

absolutely delicious.
We came here 3 times within the first week we found it!
Service was great (speed was a big deal when you're pregnant and hungry!
)  Crust is cooked to perfection, the imported cheese is divine, and their salads are amazing (although overpriced for their size.
)  I highly recommend the cannoli for dessert.

One of the best pizzas I have ever eaten in my life.
The atmosphere was so quaint and fun that it made our time there even more special.
We went right around 11am and there's wasn't a huge crowd and our pizza and panini came out very quickly.
The pizza itself was so delish!
Soft AND crispy crust, the toppings melted together beautifully and the sauce was finger lickin good!
If you're in the Middleton area GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!

