This recently opened foot massage store is couple doors down from Lotus of Siam and couple blocks from the HVL hotel.
Has many private rooms as well as a large public room.
The decor is beautiful and great foot massage.

The service was great here.
Very enjoyable massage for the little price.
I will definitely be back here again I will definitely be back!

I'm a LMT(licensed massage therapist) at the Wynn Casino.
I get countless massages that aren't up to par, but this place isn't one.
They were not only professional with us at the front desk, but once we got back into the "large party" group room they were organized, prompt, didn't do the typical Asian parlor beating on your body.
The draping was by far the most respectable part of the massage.
I only got my feet and arms massaged, but you can tell the professionalism by the draping over the more personal/intimate areas(pecs, medial quads/hamstrings & glutes).
I would def recommend and will be coming back for sure!!

Coming back for sure!
Loved everything about this place.
$20 for a half an hour is an amazing deal.
Bringing everyone I know to this place.

Got a $10 for $20 check in deal with yelp.
Me and my girls really needed a massage after walking around Vegas all night in our 6 inch heels.
Pros: amazing decor, skilled massages, tea service afterward.
Cons: staff is awkward.
My sister's therapist answered TWO cell phone calls during her hour service.
Therefore she was done about 12 minutes after the rest of us.
Checkout took about 10 minutes because no one seemed to know how to work the credit card machine.
Despite all the strangeness this was the best hour of my life.
My advice is to wear a camisole and capri pants so your therapist can get to your skin easier.
Also, disclaimer : this isn't your lay on a table and get rubbed down with lotion massage.
You will get pounded/knuckled/grinded on and it will hurt (but it feels sooo good afterward).

Maybe not the best in town, but was very enjoyable.
It has the cons of many other Asian foot spas I've been to, but the quality of massage was definitely up there on the list.
PROS: Foot massage almost put me to sleep.
Ambiance is nicer than other foot spas I've been to.
Was shorted less than 10 minutes in actual massage time (unfortunately, most foot spas advertise an hour and you're out the door in 45 minutes) A great way to relax on the cheap.
CONS: High pressure sales to upgrade, "you won't feel as good.
" NOBODY spoke a lick of English, we were handed a cell phone to speak to a woman at another location for the upwell.
Talking, answering calls, and other racket during the first 15-20 minutes of soak time and beginning massage.
$22 with Yelp check-in for an "hour" foot massage.

Probity the best massage EVER!
Hidden gem off the beaten path.
I took the wife and we shared a room.
We asked for a deeper tissue massage and they were great.
We also cashed in the yelp discount which was a bonus.
Combine both of us got a fantastic 1.5 hr massage cheaper than a 1person 50 min massage on the strip.
Highly recommend

Be ready to be completely relaxed.
It's an absolute heaven for an hour.
During the body massage, i didn't even have to tell Jack where to focus on.
He knew right away which parts of my body needed the most work and spent much time on it.
I fell asleep during the foot massage and after the massage, I felt like I was walking on clouds.
This place is clean, professional, price is very friendly.
Foot lounge and Spa is definitely the best in town.
Highly highly recommended!!

Extremely good massage.
$38 for an hour.
Ive had hundreds of massages and this was in the top 3.
Yes, it is hard to find, and yes the mega strip mall this place is located in feels a little like the set of Mad Max, but Its a safe area, close to the Wynn and strip, and a great deal.
Must try!

After some miss communication on a advertised deal, they were pleased to help settle the situation and give a great massage.
The woman who massaged me was very good.
Very relaxing, comforting.
They wear gloves, it's ok.
I prefer not to, it is what it is.
I look forward to a longer massage.
A little extra but, worth it.

Stopped here on the way from Zion.
Excellent, affordable massage!!
Very receptive to depth of massage.
Don't be scared by the parking lot, the facilities are clean....a bit away from the strip...but for the price would return!

I'm so grateful to the person who wrote the previous review about Jack!
I did an hour, half feet / half body.
It's a cute little place, in that funky shopping center a couple doors down from Lotus of Siam.
I'm so happy I went there.
It's true, Jack's very intuitive and went to the parts of my body that needed it the most w/o me saying anything.
That's what caught my eye about the last review.
Wow.
What a hidden treasure.
Thank you Jack!

I've gotta admit, when my friend and pulled in to this place, we had NO idea what to expect!
We read great reviews about this place, though were a little thrown off by the location.
It's definitely one of those hidden gem type of places!
Once we got checked in and were in the room itself, I did notice they try to make the experience as relaxing as possible, which is great.
As far as the massage itself, it was wonderful!
Just the right amount of pressure and just felt great overall.
And for the price, it's worth it if you're in town visiting and you wanna give your precious feets a little love :)

Excellent.
Clean, quiet, humidity controlled air, relaxing scents, good massage.
It is in an old shopping center, but worth the trip.

Had a little problem with our booking (weren't enough masseuses for 4 people), but Phil the manager went out of his way to resolve the issue.
A real class-act and and knows how to put the customer first.
Facilities are clean and comfortable.
Price is very reasonable.
Worth a try if you're looking to get some relaxation away from the strip.

