I called Mr. Sparky out for a breaker that kept tripping and they came out on a SUNDAY!
I thought he would just need to replace the breaker and be on his way.
When the technician arrived, he was very pleasant and very professional.
As he diagnosed the problem we went above and beyond what he needed to and found a bigger looming problem in my attic.
He gladly jumped into my attic and took care of the problem without hesitation.
I could not believe that someone would take the time to crawl through my attic on Sunday afternoon, I was impressed.
I did a little research on this company and they have a 100% customer satisfaction guarantee.
When I consider the guarantee and the helpfulness of the technician I will never call another electrician!

DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY FOR ELECTRICAL WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was recommended by ToFixIt.com to use this company for electrical work.
I am a first time homeowner and know absolutely nothing about anything electrical as I am a single woman.
I called Mr. Sparky to come out to my home to look at my dryer as the week prior I smelled a burning plastic in my home while running my dryer.
I immediately turned off the dryer and went downstairs and turned off the dryer at the breaker box and then proceeded to unplug the cord from the wall on the dryer.
When I unplugged the cord I saw that one of the prongs was blackened and fried....VERY ALARMING to say the least.
When Mr. Sparky arrived for my appointment the gentlemen went upstairs looked at my problem and immediately told me the problem was that the dryer outlet was fried (melted) and the appliance cord hook up to the dryer needed to be replaced.
I thought okay what is the cost.
The technician pulled out a sheet with standard pricing which showed each item would be a charge of $187 EACH ITEM!!!!!!!!!
I looked at him and asked are you KIDDING ME??????
He replied no however if you buy one of our plans I can save you $19 for a total of $168.
I looked at him and asked the tech are you no honestly telling me your going to charge me $400 to replace both of these items for which he told me yes.
I asked him honestly can I go somewhere else and get a fair price and he said I can probably get it cheaper however you never know what type of electrician your getting so you should be concerned on the type of work they do.
Needless to say I was scared that I could have a fire in my house and I let him do the work as I know absolutely nothing about electrical.
BIG MISTAKE.....BIG MISTAKE!!!!!
The next day I googled the parts on Home Depot and Lowes website and to my SHOCKING SURPRISE the Dryer Outlet was $7.49 and the appliance cord hook up was anywhere from $17 to $42???????????
ALL I CAN SAY IS ARE YOU KIDDING ME????????????????????????????????????????????????
I was charged a total of $409.13 incl tax for a job that the company probably paid a total of maybe $50 in parts (and I say maybe).
THIS IS THE BIGGEST RIP OFF SCAM I HAVE EVER BEEN APARTOFAND I WILL NEVER, NEVER RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE I KNOW OR WORK WITH.
I FEEL AS IF I HAVE BEEN TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF WHICH IS A JOKE.
I am a hard working woman and more than willing to pay a fair price for a job well done however when a company comes to my house and charges me 8000% markup I am more than furious I feel like I've taken advantage of.
Please, please read this review and take it seriously DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY AS THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF.
I  If you don't believe me go to the Ripoff Report  online and look at all the complaints mentioned there.

Mister Sparky responded the same day as our request, which was of the utmost importance to us.
In addition, the fixed the electrical problems as needed, and also offered up additional services.
Thus, it was very successful and we are thankful for the young man Joe for being flexible and responsive.
Sincerely, N.Scottsdale Homeowner

