Delicious!

This was a little place.
There were customers crowed around little tables.
They were located on Spring Mountain Rd/Arville St next to Mr Sandwich in Chinatown.
The waitress handed me a paper menu, like a sushi menu that you mark.
The menu was limited and didn't have descriptions of the food.
I wasn't really familiar with Taiwanese food.
They need a website, but have a Facebook page.
The waitress was very friendly, but I never saw her again until the bill came at the end of my meal.
I wanted a fork, but could never flag down a server.
I ordered the Won Ton Noodle.
It turned out to be a soup.
There were about 5 flavorful won tons topped with baby bok choy and scallions.
The noodles were chewy.
The broth was tasteless.
The jar of hot pepper sauce was almost empty and needed to be wiped down.
I won't be back.

As a Taiwanese native who came from Taiwan years ago, i think this place has a mediocre taste.
The food looks good, the service wasn't bad, but the food doesn't have much flavor.
My wife and I ordered Fried chicken with rice and "rou wan" .
The "rou wan" only has a little bit of meat which is a bit of a rip off and the fried chicken was just an ok.
The overall experience was a 2 out of 5.
This place is not bad, but I wouldn't say it is outstanding.
Also noticed that this place was also called Taiwan Deli on yelp!

This small little Taiwanese cafe is a hidden gem.
I came here for the 2nd time yesterday after discovering it just a few weeks ago while walking around Chinatown Plaza one evening.
Being Taiwanese, I found the food to be pretty good and authentic enough, although I have had better but it's certainly rare.
The minced pork rice and fried chicken rice are tasty.
You can also order the fried chicken separately as its own dish.
The best part of coming here is the snow ice treats!
Fluffy shaved ice covered with various fruit and other tasty toppings like milk or taro.
Pricing is ok and considering that it's Vegas, probably reasonable.
But if you're from areas with large concentrations of Chinese restaurants, you'll probably think the pricing is on the high side.
Items average about $7 each for rice dishes, shaved ice, appetizers, etc.

Located in the Chinatown Plaza.
The strawberry-mango shaved snow just hit the spot!

Great food and experience!
Such nice people and service was great!
Small and friendly Lil place good for a date or even a family.
The pork belly was delicious and the soups are very unique.
To top it off, mango shaved ice!!

being a native taiwanese, this place is by far the best in china town and has the best and most authentic cuisine from taiwan one can find in vegas.

For those looking for a bit of Taiwanese taste in Vegas, especially southern Taiwanese flavor (Tainan, Kaohsiung area), this is a great place to find it.
As the name suggests, the place isn't about big and fancy.
It is more about home cooking or comfort food, Taiwanese comfort food, to be exact.
I really enjoyed it.
Too bad I was too full.
Otherwise the shaved ice looked pretty good.
Definitely something you won't find anywhere on The Stripe.
I will return again.
I highly recommend it.

My wife said the pork mince rice is the best one she had in her life , she ate this dish in hundreds of places  !!
Also The sour and spicy soup is better than I expected !
Thank you everyone in this little kitchen !
Really good food.

Honestly all I have ever had here is the shaved ice.
But it is really good.
I get the tradition brown sugar syrup kind.
There are a lot od different toppings to choose from.
But my favorite one here arw the taro balls they are kinda like taro flavored mochi.
Super good.
Service here is also pretty good.
The staff is friendly and helpful.

Authentic Taiwanese food.
Highly recommend bringing someone that at least speaks Chinese or Taiwanese with you.

I came here for lunch as I heard it's a great place to grab a quick bite.
The place was crowded but lucky they had a table for me very quickly.
I ordered two items on the menu which were the famous intestine food and the Chinese meat ball.
The Intestine soup came quickly.
The meatball I guess was just taking awhile.
So, I sat there..
Waiting.
Waiting.
The lady who seemed like she owned the place came by twice to see if I got mine and she yelled to the back.. About the meatball.
Nope.
Saw a new table get seated next to me ten minutes later.
They ordered something.
Then saw one of the staff member bring over their meatball.
I was really annoyed at that.
Finally I just asked for the check.
Then the lady came by and said "so you want me to wrap it up for you to go?
"    No.
I do not want you to wrap it up for me to go!
You forgot about my dish.
She didn't offer any compensation.
No discount for forgetting.
Horrible especially when you over look a dish and I only had two.
And then you try to sell me to take it home after 25 min sitting and waiting.
I had already finished my first dish a while ago and I just sat there.
Then she told me(in Chinese), well you can come by next time to order that dish.
You can pay for it then!
We just saved you some money today!
"  No.
I will not be back to order your meatball lady.

The food is worth the drive...definitely better then most  Asian food you find on the strip, the owner is nice and she helps you with the menu and points out there special dishes...the shaved ice was one of the best  I've had in awhile..if your in Vegas and have a car you need to check them out...check out my pictures

This cozy family owned venue gives u an authentic insight of everyday Taiwanese cuisine.
I spent a lovely summer in Taiwan and I was longing for refreshing winter-melon tea while having hot wonton soup.
I also had the red bean shaved ice.
I really liked the decor of this place, it's tiny with an open kitchen so you can see what they're making.
The ordering process is self service in the sense you mark what you want on a paper and just hand it to the server.
All in all great flavors, service wasn't that great because it was busy but it's still worth the trip!

Large portions.
I had the wonton soup.
I had 1/2 left over.
They even gave me extra soup to fill up my togo container.
LOW price.
$8  Small restaurant with only 5 tables/booths.
Only con was it took while to refill my water.

I live in NJ, but visit Vegas often to see family.
The Little Kitchen Cafe is convenient to the airport, so after I land I always stop in and get a bite to eat.
I love this place.
I used to live in Taiwan for two years and the food here is as I remembered it in Taiwan.
We usually order the 'salt & pepper chicken' and the pork chop.
I love their shaved ice as well.
I think anything on their menu will be good.
Have also had the won ton soup which was really good.
Living in NJ there are plenty of good restaurants and I also frequent Flushing, NY where the restaurans are also very good.
However, I think this is my favorite place.
The owner is very nice and makes you feel welcome.
She is very busy since the restaurant always has quite a few customers.
Can't wait to go back to visit family so I can stop in and have some more great food.

mango snow ice with pudding  are really sweet but good.
strong recommend!

Awesome traditional Taiwanese delicacies!
The soft tofu dessert (豆花) is one of the best I've tasted, and I'm from L.A.
The pork intestine thin noodle soup is also great.
They marinated the intestine and that just shows they really do follow the tradition.
Highly recommended!

