Due to the fact I had a recent surgery, I was unable to attend the funeral of my grandfather who unexpectedly passed away.
This flower shop was one block away from the funeral home, so even though it was only a day's notice, I figured it should not be a problem.
When my brother arrived, the flowers were nowhere to be seen!
I called the florist, and they had not even started making them yet.
A good business owner would have said "Give me 15 mins, I will take them over myself, we are only a block away.
"  The response I got "We will have them out by 5.
"  What a joke!
This place should not be in business.
Thanks a lot for ruining my grandfather's funeral when I already felt horrible for not being able to be there!

This flower shop is horrible.
My daughter sent mother's day flowers I received them Saturday night (7pm, 0510/14) and the flowers were almost dead already.
Today 05/14/14 they look a WEEK OLD.
.Do not waste your money on this flower shop.
I want to call an complain but of course they are closed..
So do I tell my daughter and hurt her feelings?

Extremely disappointed in this flower shops service.
This last Sunday (Mothers Day), my mother sent flowers to me.
They attempted to deliver the flowers to my house at 7pm, and I was out to dinner with my family.
They left the flowers at my neighbors house, with NO note, NO voicemail, NO confirmation of them being delivered to me.
After my mom called to inquire why her paid delivery had not been received, they mentioned they were at my neighbors house.
Of which, I live in a very busy neighborhood and could have been any neighbor.
I was unable to receive MY flowers until 2 days later.
Glorious Flowers has both my contact and my husbands contact information but failed to contact us upon delivery to note they were left with someone else.
Poor customer service.
PLEASE leave notes or voicemails when flowers are delivered to a "neighbor" or someone they are not intended for.
My flowers are nearly dead and certainly not fresh.
My husband has called and requested a manager to call him back.
He has not had a returned phone call.
Not to mention, he has called for the last 2 days and has not been able to get anyone to answer the phone.
And their voicemail box is full.

