What a beer selection...35 plus on draft, 50 plus cans and bottles...that's over 85 different beers to drink.
Then add a awesome burger and food selection, this place is going to rock it in old town!
There are several flat screen TV's to watch all your favorite games on.
The patio  (The biggest on Scottsdale road) I think, is totally awesome and inviting.
If you are in old town and craving some food, this is the place to stop!

Went there for a second time 7/7/2013 Food was great, had the Turkey Burger with the home made chips really great flavor, really liked the bun the caramelized onions .
Service was good, sat at the bar so I could watch tv.
We can't wait for football season.
So many TV's with different programs on many of them.
The bar was super clean and a large open concept.
Lots of bar seating and a huge patio right in the heart of old town Scottsdale.
Place was super clean and that's very important to me.
Ill be back, Place has a huge beer selection, and large draft mugs.
Its tough to pick only one.
(so I had 2)  If you like booths there were lots of those too.

Just what we need, another so-called burger joint.
The food here is low grade dog food.

Welcome to Old Town!
What took you so long!?
I've been anxiously watching the "coming soon" sign and waiting for Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers to open.
Finally they did and last night we got to give it a try!
This location has the sport's bar perfected.
The "concept" is simple: Extensive beer list, cool drink concoctions, juicy burgers, accompanying snacks and TVs and seating everywhere you look.
Throw in a spacious patio and you've got a perfect storm (in a good way).
We stopped by around 8:30 pm on Friday night and saw that it was pretty packed so we thought we'd have to wait.
However, thanks to the amount of seating they have, we didn't have to wait even a second!
They seated us right away and my husband was in heaven thanks to the sports playing on the TVs everywhere we looked.
The menu has plenty to choose from.
Of course the burger is the way to go here, but they also had chicken sandwiches, wraps, salads, etc.
The burger menu is long and if that's not enough, they also have a BYOB (build your own burger) option.
Not feeling a burger?
Give the BYOM (build your own mac n cheese) a try!
First, we ordered the buffalo chicken dip.
Wow.
Absolutely delicious.
I want to recreate this at home.
It had the perfect kick to it.
It came with chips, celery and carrots to dip.
For the main course, I went for one of the "favorites" and got the Bacon Bleu Burger with french fries.
Another wow!
This burger is juicy goodness at its best.
The burger is topped with bleu cheese, bacon, special mayo and caramelized onions.
It is incredibly hearty and I could barely finish half.
It would be easy to share.
The french fries had a nice salty-peppery flavor to them.
The food here is hearty and perfect if you're looking for a good All American meal.
I've been wanting one of these restaurants to open in Old Town for awhile!
Before I stop, I need to talk about the drinks.
They have some creative drink choices, include beer flights and a "beer and a shot" choice.
For $9 you get a beer and accompanying shot pre-selected by the restaurant to compliment each other.
It was a fun little activity before the meal!
There are several beers on top and they also had a detailed cocktail list.
I'll be seeing you again soon!

Stopped in for burgers before ball game.
Food has good flavor meat was thick and juicy.
Prices are on the higher end but would go there again when back in town.

Ordered lunch for our office (which I do everyday) which should have been fairly simple.
The original person who took my order decided to pass my order off to another employee instead of putting it in themselves.
This was the first mistake (hasn't anyone ever played the game telephone?
)  Each order was put on a seperate check so I had to wait for them to put it all back together.
Two out of the four orders I ordered were incorrect.
When I brought it up, the hostess looked at me confused and I had to ask her to fix the mistakes.
They then charged me an addition $2 to split a salad which I was never told prior.
When I got back to the office, I realized that there were no condiments with the food, one of the mistakes was never fixed and the the plastic silverware was so cheap, why even bother giving them?
However, after waiting 10 minutes for the servers to finally ask for a manager to come help, most of the issues were rectified (putting the orders on one check and removing the $2 split charge).
The food was mediocre but it's only the first month of the location being open.
Hopefully they will get the hang of things and I'll come try again.

Great new burger spot in the heart of Scottsdale.
I think they just opened in the beginning of July '13.
I've been 3 times in the first month, and it's been better each time.
The service is a little slow, but they're very nice and they made sure I got everything I wanted.
I think that once they've been open a while the service will get better.
The burgers were excellent each time & came out super hot.
You can make your own burgers or mac n' cheese here, and it comes out exactly how you want it.
There's a big list of beers as well as you would expect from their name.
There are TV's everywhere and they're all big.
I will definitely be coming back here during football season.
Once this place gets their service locked in then it's a 5-star place for a bar/burger/sport type restaurant.

I went there twice already.
The first time they screw my order up so I had a regular burger with fries.
(I ordered a Juicy Lucy).
I also tried the asparagus.
The burger was good although a little over cooked (I ordered it medium).
The fries were good.
The asparagus were super oily and not that great.
The second time I really wanted to try the Juicy Lucy, so I ordered it again.
I also ordered a side of Mac n' Cheese and the kid sliders.
They didn't ask me how I wanted my burger cooked, but it came like medium well.
The cheese was a mirage and no cheese taste at all.
Good meat taste but disappointing outcome with the cheese fiasco.
The mac n' Cheese was barely OK, super fatty and nothing to make me crave it ever again.
The kid sliders were a weird construction with a cold bun, cold cheese and well done patties.
The cheese wasn't melted or even warm.
French fries were OK.
I would go back if I'm in the neighborhood but it's not a place that I would be craving at all.
Cheers.

Love this place.
More beers than you can imagine.
My burger was cooked to perfection.
The wait staff was personable and attentive.

LOVE this place.
I literally crave their cheeseburgers all the time.
Staff is friendly and knowledgable on their many selections of beers.
Lots of TV's all over with a giant patio that I havent yet had the pleasure to sit on because it is too hot.
Definitely try this place out!

Went there for happy hour yesterday (7.26.13) and was definitely a great experience.
I tried the Puerto Penasco Burger and had half fries/tots.
I made a great choice.
They also have great asparagus and tomato sides as well as the buffalo sliders which are good as well.
Charlotte (the assistant GM) was a great host and made the experience fun and enjoyable and wanting me to come back there and try their "Build your Own Burger" on Wednesdays for $10.00 which is amazing.
I would definitely recommend it again.
FYI - They have over 100 different beers available as well ;)

Another place that has been on my hit list for a while now.
They have a location up in the Pinnacle Peak & Grayhawk area and when I heard they were coming down to Old Town, I had to come try it for myself.
We walked into the joint and sat down at the bar.
The bartenders here are very friendly and helped us navigate the menu and gave us some suggestions.
We decided to order:  Hot & Smokey Mac & Cheese, $12 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=mmielx6jnDdPHjhsRq5JTg#mmielx6jnDdPHjhsRq5JTg  Chili Mac & Cheese, $10 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=62XM74Smxg1lNsSu8nE2_g#62XM74Smxg1lNsSu8nE2_g  Cheeseburger Sliders, $9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=hZ5V7OBUDJSOjuQEVDinLw#hZ5V7OBUDJSOjuQEVDinLw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=-Ux2s-3A70ZZzw3UulAUgg#-Ux2s-3A70ZZzw3UulAUgg  Prime Rib Sliders, $12 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=teUmvafQzMflGzwqB0BUxw#teUmvafQzMflGzwqB0BUxw  While we waited for the food, I ordered a pint of Lagunitas IPA, $6....one of my favorite IPA's.
The food came out a short time later.
The first thing I did was try the Hot & Smokey Mac & Cheese....and holy smokes, it was delish!
Not only that, but it really was spicy too...and smokey!
I also had a bite of the Chili Mac & Cheese...that was ridiculously good as well!
Next, I tried the Sliders....had the Cheeseburger Slider first....also very well prepared and full of flavor.
The Prime Rib Sliders were just as good and the Horseradish Sauce was a zinger that added to the flavor!
We were very impressed with this place.
After dinner we watched some baseball and had another Beer.
Good times down here...can't wait to come back.
Return Factor - 100%

I'm disappointed of this place!.
We visited this bar last night because we wanted to see the UFC pay per view fight.
We sat by the bar and we received a good service from the bartenders but OMG the food!, My boyfriend order a cheeseburger and it was OK (not the price though) but my Hot dog (Tijuana Torpedo) right, was Horrible!
Cold bread, bacon was overcooked and cold, not enough onions I just didn't like it at all!
Do not order this!..I may comeback only for drinks but the food in my opinion it was overpriced and bad.
The patio is nice.

I am so glad there's a great bar in this spot!
I recently stopped in for happy hour with some friends.
They kept talking about the Build Your Mac n' Cheese.
They have a great beer selection on tap and in bottles.
Happy Hour specials include reduced rates on beer, well drinks and some appetizers.
The Hummus & Pita plate and Grilled Asparagus was a greater starter.
By the recommendation of the Bartender, I went with the Golden Mustard Grilled Drummettes.
OMG so delicious!
Best combination of sweet and spicy.
Another bonus: you get Blue Cheese dressing.
The BYOB Mac n' Cheese options are amazing.
Not only does it come with American, Pepper Jack and Provolone, but you can add another cheese.
They have several meat options such as Bacon, Ground Chuck and Chicken.
This will be a great place to watch sports.
They have so many TVs it's hard to focus on one screen.
I cannot wait to come back and check out the huge patio.
This will be a great spot for some day drinking.

They have a good beer selection and burgers and fries are awesome.
will definitely go back.
Service at the bar was good.
Patio for when the weather cools down should be a nice draw.

a large group of us went for a birthday dinner on a Friday night .... you would think between the number of people (12) and the time of day/week (Friday at 6 pm), the service would be horrible or food lousy or SOMETHING but that wasn't the case at all!!
The service was great and the food was amazing ....
I had the cheeseburger sliders and tastes of the chili tots.
So good!!
Plus, their happy hour specials are really great too!
I highly recommend :)

Just tried this place today for lunch and I was impressed.
First off, they have an excellent beer selection with a lot of local beers.
I could come here for the beer alone.
That said, the food was excellent as well.
My girlfriend and I both ordered burgers.
She had the mac and cheese burger and I had the steakhouse truffle burger.
The flavor combinations were excellent on both.
The onion rings were also really good.
The only small imperfection was the temperature.
We both ordered medium and hers was slightly below medium while mine was slightly above.
Notice I said slightly.
They were both still cooked within an acceptable range for us, but something to consider if you are really picky about such things.
Expect to pay a little more than you are used to for a burger.
That said, the food is worth it and the portion sizes are big.
Originally, I was torn between the chili mac and the burger.
I was happy with the burger, but after tasting the mac on my girlfriends burger, I will be coming back soon for that chili mac.
Last, but not least, the service was great.
It wasn't very busy, so I can't say what it is like when it is, but our server was very friendly and helpful.
She seemed very enthusiastic about the restaurant, the food and making sure we were happy.
Four stars for a first visit is the most I will give any place, but if subsequent visits are as good as the first, this will definitely be a five star.

We were in on a slow Tuesday and bellied up to the bar for a late lunch.Big space lots of T.V.s.
Decent beer selection including west coast breweries and local...which I appreciate.
Our server was prompt and attentive To break it down we ordered: Buffalo chicken dip(it was meh probably wouldn't order again)--$9 Truffle Burger(deliciouso!!!
) $13 Prime dip(another winner) $14 We did have an unintentional discrepency on our bill which we were overcharged.
After speaking with one of the managers Charlotte she quickly handled the issue.
All in all nothing beats a cold beer and burger.
I'm sure we will be back.

Big fan of Kelsey the bartender.
Hard to watch a game when she is behind the bar.
Great selection of beers - I actually got a Coconut Porter in a can for 5 bucks and the place was only less than half full at 8pm on a Monday night.
The bar is huge, so seating should never be an issue.
I knew it was MacDaddy Monday and ordered the mac and cheese and loaded on the toppings which are unlimited on Monday for 10 bucks.
Think I threw in about 6 vegetables, some ground chuck and two items that i threw in were left out as well (avocado and blue cheese).
It was a pretty big portion as I managed to have leftovers and the food was very tasty and cheesy, even the bread crumb topping was working well that night.
Will have to try the burgers, but at least I got that mac and Cheese craving out of the way.

TVs galore!
Doesn't matter where you sit in this place, you'll be sure to see a TV screen or 2 or 7.
There's no big post or wall that'll block your view.
If you're a huge sports fan, you'll definitely appreciate this place.
Ordered:  Classic Chili Cheese Tots-Chos - we ordered the half size, which looks like a full order to me.
We only finished half the plate.
The tatter tots were crispy and the chili was flavorful.
Cheeseburger sliders - Good and just the perfect size, so you can just eat one or two of the three and not feel too guilty about previously stuffing your face with the appetizers.
Overall I'm very impress with this place and will definitely be back on a Football Sunday to check out the lineup they'll have on screen.

I came here on a Sunday afternoon for lunch really excited because of the huge beer selection and the buffalo chicken dip.
I had never seen buffalo chicken dip on a menu before, but I make it at home all the time and I had to see how it would compare.
The dip was super dry.
It was like someone took some chicken and the cheapest hot sauce they could find and put it into a food processor.
Not good.
They did have good chips though.
The beer flights were predetermined, but I would love to see a "build your own".
I also thought the service was super slow and my friends DIY bloody mary was served in a tiny glass with so much vodka there was no room for all the toppings (it was something like 10 bucks too).
Overall not worth the money.
There are just too many interesting food spots there to waste your time on mediocre food even with the extensive beer selection.

Nice setting in Scottsdale.
Nice beer selection although they were out of Shandy for my lite beer flight.
Actually went veggie burger.
It was OK, sorry I gave up meat for a while now.
The onion rings were slammin'

Second time here and I still haven't tried the burgers.
They looked pretty decent coming out, but I don't like the knife stabbed through the burger.
I'm too old school to cut my burger in half - please.
This was a decent happy hour with about 7 beers on special and one rotating one (hibiscus today..too weird to try).
The tap on Mr. Pineapple went bad after my first draft, but it was only $4 for some craft beers, which is an average deal.
In a perfect world, all domestics would be $2 and craft beers and imports all $3.
Anyway, the $5 pretzels were amazing with a tasty, but not hot pepper cheese sauce on the side.
Huge, buttery and salty - these were a $2 savings on regular price (1 for $5).
Very good appetizer and there were about 6 others on the $5 app menu.
Most save you about three dollars and there is a $7.50 burger on that menu too.
The lowest priced regular burger is 10 bucks.
Always a good staff as well and volume on the football game.

I love this place!
Great burgers and tater tots, a ton of beer selections on tap and great service.
Their patio facing Scottsdale Rd is a fun place to hang out and they have so many TVs you could probably watch every football game being played at one time on Sundays.

Food is awesome and atmosphere is great!
Had the staple Mac and Cheese it was creamy and delicious!
1000 island burger is incredible!
Will definitely be back again and again!

Great place to watch a game but the food leaves a lot to be desired.
Service great, lots of TVs, and good drink selection.
However all the food we ordered tastes like it had just taken a salt bath.
If we go back, it will be after we've had dinner somewhere else.

This place is amazing!
Top notch burgers, amazing Mac n Cheese, a whole slew of great beers, and a ton of big screen TVs!
On top of that, service is EXCELLENT, as is the management!
Servers are free to wear whatever sports team's apparel they choose, adding to the melting pot experience that is Old Scottsdale.
I recommend this place to anyone who wants a good solid burger or sandwich, a good beer, and a great place to unwind on the patio under the cooling misters.
Prices aren't bad either, especially for the experience.
I WILL be back!

Tried this place after a recommendation.
Went to the one up north but that was closed but to check out the one in old town (website didn't mention construction and that the old town was coming soon).
We ordered two burgers medium rare.
A food runner came out and set our orders on the table with no word and a grumpy face.
Our burgers were well done.
We would have complained if our server ever actually came around to see how we were doing.
We were too hungry so we ate the burgers regardless.
I would say they were average nothing too exciting.
As we were almost finished the server finally came around to bring us a condiment tray saying "sorry you never got one guess its too late huh.
"   For two beers and two burgers and no refills on our waters at almost $38 I'd say its definitely not worth it.
The only good part was the beer and the fact they came out quickly.
If you're going to be a burger joint and have a graphic representation of burger temps on your menu your cooks better know how to cook a burger.

Decided to meet up with some friends.
Grabbed an outside table.
Layout/Design: 4/5.
I would have given it a 5, there were a few areas that seemed unfinished.
I did greatly appreciate the Steelers themed items (yes I am a Steelers fan).
When I asked the server "why Steelers / Pittsburger" she had no clue.
[The Owner Is A Fan - KNOW IT!!!!!!!!
]    Drinks: Only had a beer since I was doing the burger challenge [yes a challenge]  Food: 4/5.
I did the Burger Challenge.
The basic is 3 x 1/2lb patties.
I am gluten intolerant, so I had to do 4 patties (no but) thus a 2lb burger.
I ordered it medium-rare.
Here is the catch, you have 3.5 minutes to kill it.
I dove into it wrong.
I chopped it all up then tried to scoop it down with a fork!
NO BAD BAD BAD.
just go patty after patty.
I got through half my plate and said F-this with 20 secs left.
(it cooked up great with eggs in the morning).
I sampled other items around the table and was please with them all.
Service: 4/5.
Because there was a shadow (server in training), we had a couple hickups with the 2 servers and MOD.
But all in all pretty good.
Atmosphere: 3.5/5.
Actually I would give it a 4.5 depending on day and time.
I like the chill vibe of the place, great mist system that surrounds the patio and truly creates a cooldown.
Cool things:  The BYOB/BYOMC (build your own burger & build your own mac and cheese) Yes, there is a great paper slip you can fill out and select all the things you want on your burger or mixed in your mac and cheese.
Great idea!!
And the prices are clearly stated so you don't feel like you just grabbed your ankles upon receiving the bill.
We will be back.
Thanks for: Good Food, Chill Vibe, Cleanliness and Friendliness.

Good burgers and more.
Kind of loud music, had to ask to turn down.
Plenty of burgers to choose from making you come back.
ToT Nachos are good & satisfy  your craving.
Ring of Fire burger good if you like your burger w/ a kick of spice.
Looks like they're planning to expand concept as this new location seems kinda corporate.
lots of big screen TVs surrounding the place.
Good for people watching.

We were lured into trying out Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers by their buy one get one free National Cheeseburger Day deal.
The burgers were ok at best and waaaayyyyy over priced for what they were.
The BBQ sauce is not good.
It has some weird vinegary taste and is super watery.
I had t o spend $2 extra for a pathetic side salad that was likely straight out of a bag.
I had to basically build my custom burger because they didn't have a guacamole bacon burger on the menu.
The equivalent burger at Rehab Burger Therapy is $12 and included sweet potato tots with all the (good) sauces you can dream of.
This crappy burger was smaller and ended up being $16.50 and tasted no different than those pre packaged costco patties.
I've learned my lesson and won't be cheating on Rehab anymore.

The location and patio are great but I had poor service.
We had to go find our own napkins and silverware.
Our waitress would disappear for long periods of time not refilling our drinks.
The food took an hour to get out to us and was poorly put together.
Overall I was disappointed.

I feel like this place just raped my day.
The waitress obviously doesn't know how to do her job due to the lack of customer service and understanding that she actually have to check up on the tables she is serving.
When we asked to speak to the manger she seemed more perplex by the English language than comprehending our compliant.
Food was crappy and falling apart.
The only good thing about this restaurant is the UofA flag hanging outside, do not come here.

For a place that specializes in burgers I was expecting more.
After waiting an hour for our meal, the beef burgers were eh, OK, and the veggie burger was unappetizing--all rice, falling apart, and bland.
I needed a fork to eat a burger.
The waitress stopped by a total of 6 times in a 2 hour period.
I will not be coming back to this over priced waiting lounge.

Limited menu, poor service, poor service....did I say poor service?
Could not beg a waitress for help on Sunday afternoon, they were about 3/4 full, not packed by any means.
Finally got someone to bring me a drink after about 30 mins.
Lots of empty tables for the 90 mins we were there but they were all "reserved".
No one actually ever sat in those seats, when we left the place was pretty empty.
Accidentally ran my card for $250 and my actual $20 bill.
Could not get anyone on the phone today for help.
Been calling all day.
Regardless, when a place is run this poorly on the front end, no way its being run well behind the scenes.
Food selection was plain, no signature dish to come here for.
My burger and pretzels were average for bar food.
You wanna watch a game or have a nice evening out, plenty of better places in old-town.

I've been here twice already and have had a great experience both times.
For National Cheeseburger Day they had 2-for-1 cheeseburgers!
Their burgers are very tasty.
They're a little on the pricey side (around $12 each), but very good.
They also have an amazing Mimosa deal on the weekends.
Buy 1 for $10, and every Mimosa after that is only $1 each.
This is a welcome addition to the Old Town Scottsdale area.

A welcome surprise in Old Town for those that like beer and sports.
Great beer selection for those that know what they want.
I wouldn't count on the staff to be very helpful with the craft selections.
Lots of TV's...not a bad seat in the house.
They could lose the announcer/DJ...he sounds cheesy.
Kind of like a strip club or so I've been told.

I am a fan.
The cheeseburgers are fantastic, the beer is super cold, and the service is reasonable.
The atmosphere is bright and open with plenty of TVs and a large patio.
The location is also superb with countless nightlife options within walking distance.
Ice buckets built into the tables is a neat idea.

Great patio and restaurant for big groups.
They also have a lot of TVs for people who want to watch football.
My burger and sweet potato tots were really good.
I'm not sure the name of the burger I had maybe the truffle burger?
Everyone that ate a burger in my group enjoyed it.
I will definitely be back for another adult milkshake, the oreo milkshake with vodka and baileys is addicting, you could taste the alcohol just enough but it wasn't overpowering.
I will definitely be back!

I don't care how "cool" a place looks, if you can't teach your staff that good service is one of the most important tools to success, you will surely sink!!
I wanted to like this place... the name has a fun ring to it, the inside-outside bar is especially nice, an abundance of flat screen t.v.
's adorn the walls perfect for watching sports, HOWEVER,  our bartender was clearly "somewhere else" when it came to quality service.
The food, mediocre at best.
I sent 1/2 my plate back due to a poorly done burger.
The bartender never even bothered asking if something was wrong?
I don't mind shelling out $$ when it comes to food, but when you're delivering an item for $12-$14 (includes a side for $2 mark-up) and it tastes worse then the Denny's down the street, something has to be said.
I wish these guys the best, but it would be nice to see some changes made.

Back for a Thursday football game and place was jammed.
Had a date coming and staff was nice and let me have big booth.
Too bad she showed up an hour late and left 15 minutes later, but I had football and baseball to keep me occupied.
It was great attentive service and then I tried the $5 happy hour tots deal which was loaded with chili and other good, but bad for you toppings.
Pretty filling, but then also had the grayhawk to go...basically turkey club, but sandwich style.
Turkey was good quality.
Bacon was good...mayo..sourdough.
.the usual suspects.
Worth the $10 I suppose.
Next time will finally have to try a burger.

This place was packed on a Thurs night.
A couple groups and about 25 tv's.
The food service was quick and our burger and frys plate was big enough to feed both me and my husband; along with a couple of beers we were perfectly full.
Nice patio as well to enjoy the AZ weather.

Food was ok - except for the green tomatos but the service was just blah.....nothing really wrong but just not fun.
Maybe on a football night.
Interesting thing with the tator tots and chili - the guac seemed like it was from a can.

Grayhawk location review.
Please keep in mind we're talking about a beer and cheeseburger place, not a fine dining restaurant.
It does rate the 4 stars for what it aims to be.
My friend had a Cobb salad and she is the "connoisseur of Cobbs".
Husband had chicken sandwich which he pronounced very good.
I had veggie burger and it was so good I inquired from where they purchased them.
The GM (Luis) actually came out and sat with us and told us that they are made in house and also was forthcoming in telling us about the restaurant.
Service is casual but IT'S A BEER AND HAMBURGER PLACE!
If you want someone to fold your napkin & replace it when you get up to go the bathroom, you're in the wrong place.
It has the feel of a neighborhood gathering place and is family friendly but not overrun with unruly children.
Patio on a side of Grayhawk without a lot of traffic and bar opens to the outside on one side.
Food is good & prices comparable to other establishments in this category.
Please, try it as I would like to see them stay here.
You can look at menu on line, there's a little something for everyone.

My first time to Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers.
I enjoyed it overall.
They have a great patio.
It's a great place for watching a game.
I was there with some gals for Happy Hour and to watch the Cardinals baseball game.
I ordered a margarita.
The server, Brittany, said they have a skinny margarita which was fine with me.
She brought it to me and this margarita looked dark and brown not the typical yellow/lime and goldish color.
I always drink margaritas, there was no chance this was a margarita.
It had no tequila in there, it tasted like there was whisky in it.
All the other ladies at the table tasted it and thought the same thing, this was no margarita.
I told the server about it, she said it was a pre-made mix.
That's fine with me if it's a pre-made skinny margarita mix, it just needs to have tequila in it.
She was apologetic, I told her it wasn't her fault and she didn't make it.
Brittany took it off the bill and I got a glass of wine.
We ordered a cheeseburger off the HH menu and got The Staple Mac n Cheese, both were amazing.
I'm looking forward to going back for great food, amazing service and the fun atmosphere.

Juicy Lucy is my tie for best burger in Scottsdale next to rehab burger therapy in old towns mcgnarly burger.
The fries are better at cbcb and they have more beer so that's a big plus.

I didn't love it the burger was so so the bread tasted stale.
The service was bad real bad she seemed annoyed when I asked a question about 1 of the beers.
I think maybe she didn't want to work or was having a shitty day.
Go to rehab burger down the street wayyyyyy better.
Gave it two stars(generously) because good atmosphere game volume was on.
The hostess didn't even say bye when we left she was just texting not even looking up.
Good luck surviving in Old Town CB & CB.
Teach your staff MANAGER!

Love this place!
It has so many beers on tap and the food is amazing!
Happy Hour is the best here and I believe it is until 7.
Can't wait to go back!

I had never heard of this place till I purchased a groupon.
We will deff be going back.
The food is amazing!!
They have so many different kids of burgers you can choose from, great fries and even more amazing milkshakes.
Oh and you can get adult milkshakes, which go amazing with any if their cheeseburgers.

If you have "cheeseburger" in the name of your business... You should probably be good at making a cheeseburger..  Over cooked, stale bun and waaaaay over priced... Never going back.

The food is good, but not the service.
Went for lunch and waited way too long for our food.
The waitress never refilled our drinks.
When we finished our meal she continued setting the tables and did not bring our check.
Finally after waiting for 20 minutes, I walked up to the bartender and manager for the check.
Btw, they went chatting and laughing the whole time and could care less about customers needs.
Not a fan of this place!

The atmosphere was nice, the inside, patio and bar area was fun but the prices were very high and the food was mediocre at best... they had a large beer selection but you can almost go anywhere for that.

I really wanted to like this place.
I really did.
I went here on a Thursday night with the boyfriend.
It was busy, but not busy enough to warrant us being forgotten about for 25 minutes after being seated.
Now, you'd think that after a server forgot about a table, they'd do their best to be on top of service: not the case.
We saw our waitress one more time to ask how our food was, but she was gone before we could answer.
We had to grab another waitress to get our check because after an hour and a half of being here, we wanted to go home.
We had finished our food long ago.
A different waitress happy got our check and apologized for the bad service.
That's why this place got any stars for my vote.
If only the food was good.
Nope.
Boyfriend's cheeseburger was chewy and unseasoned.
Mine would have been okay if it had been seasoned at all and the patty hadn't been burned.
Boyfriend said his was burned as well.
It was too loud to hear yourself, let alone your attending party.
Disadvantage.
Honestly, this made me sad.
I'm hopeful that it was the high bustle of the night that made our experience so terrible.
I'm hesitant to give it another try.
Sad.

I enjoy the food here greatly - wings, tot-chos, and a good beer selection.
The service can be severely hit or miss.
Expect the worst and be happy if it's any better.

Well, it has been a few months, and I have been back here a handful of times.
I have now tried a few of the burgers, a couple different mac and cheeses (including the chili mac), and the parmesan truffle fries.
Everything has been really great.
I think my favorites are the chili mac and the steakhouse burger so far.
The service, however, has been hit or miss.
Nothing horrible, but never as good as my first visit.
We have had a couple less than attentive servers and there was one visit where the music from the kitchen was loud enough to be annoying, but mostly because it was clashing with the music they were playing in the dinning area.
Like I said, not horrible, but not great.
With that said, the food and beer are great, but the inconsistent service won't let me justify changing my review to a 5.
I would give the food a 4.5 and the service a 3.5 if it were possible to break it down like that.

Love it here!
Best Sunday Funday Spot!

way too expensive and their service is horrible it took me an hour and a half to get a cheese burger,never again

Went here for the first time a week ago.
Got sat right away on a busy Saturday night even though they were pretty packed.
We ordered drinks and the waitress looks at my ID and says "wow you are old.
I mean that in a good way because you don't look that old.
"  Hmmm...  really?
Anyway, the food was really good, the drinks were good, and we enjoyed our meal.
So all in all it was a good experience.

I have tried really hard to like this place!!!
Location and the patio are fabulous but that's is as far as the fabulous goes.
Have been here three times and every time it got consistently worse!
First time it took 25 min and 3 servers to get a second glass of wine.
Food was terrible and was sent back after looking at it!
I ordered their fancy grilled cheese which came cold with half ingredients missing and looked like a 5 yearold made it!
Second time we came the serve asked for drink order came back twenty min later we still didn't have drinks and came by asking if we were ready to order drinks to which we replied we already did at that point she realized that she forgot to put the order in.
We were understanding since it was first week of football and they were busy.third time must have been the worse.
We ordered wings as an app and they actually would have tasted great if they were hot.
They were barely warm and looked like they sat in the kitchen forgotten for awhile.
We had to wait at least 25 min for drinks and that's even if the waitress asked if we needed more.
Each time she would come around she would ask one person without looking around and asking the others if they needed anything.
We finally ordered food and one of the items was completely wrong.
The serve told the girl she will take off the bill then came back and said her manage didn't approve the comp and was just going to change the price to the item she got!!!!
Are you serious???
At this point the whole table was so upset about the whole experience that we asked tho see the manager.
He was very apologetic and comped the whole bill after making excuses about the whole situation.
Shocking we still went back(due to some friends wanting to check the place out) and this is why this review is 2 stars and not 1.
We got the same serve as last time which was awkward at first but she definitely redeemed her self and was on top of her game.
The manager remembered us and got us a round of drinks and asked how everything was.
I am hoping that they are on the right track and that the service continues getting better and hopefully the managers continue execute great customer service.
I will continue editing this review to higher stars if they continue doing a great job.

Definitely recommend the Rocky Point and Speedy Gonzales burgers.

Really great atmosphere.
Has a bunch of good quality HDTVs.
Great place to watch a game and eat some bar food.
There is a huge selection of really unique burgers on the menu.
They also have a huge section of burgers.
The burger was good, not extremely good though.

I didn't really like this place.
They have a good selection of beers and food, but I tried their hummus and was very disappointed.
I don't think it is difficult to make hummus and it's usually a pretty safe choice at bars, but not at this one.
Their burgers or mac and cheese seems like the bigger hits at this place.
This is a very typical bar, I don't really feel like it has anything special and I won't be going back.

The chicken strips were pitiful!
$8 for 4 tiny kid size strips!
You are better off ordering off of the kids menu...
Same amount of strips + fries for only $6.
Their drinks were awesome, great burgers, lousy hummus!
Enjoy!

If you need a cold beer and a cheeseburger while watching a game, this is surely your spot.
Each time I've been in, I sat at the bar.
Bartenders are all friendly and don't leave you waiting too long before filling up an empty beer glass.
What I have noticed though is that nobody runs bar food.
If you order something from the bar, make sure you check the time and ask for it every five minutes.
Otherwise, the bartenders forget to check on your food.
This last time, we waited nearly 30 minutes for food.
Didn't think a whole lot of it since the place was a little busy.
But our entrees were clearly sitting under the heat lamp for a while.
Bottom buns on our burgers were super soggy, while the tops were dried to a crisp.
Maybe you get quicker food service by sitting at a table.
As for the bar though, I'll just stick to beer, not food.

CBAC is just ok..
The prices are high, but it is in old town and you do pay for the atmosphere.. Aside from that, the burger was great.
I had the Jucy Lucy and it was stuffed with different cheeses..
The tater-tot nachos were pretty good too.
The beer selection is good as far as craft beers go, but these days you can get a beer selection pretty much anywhere.
Overall, it was decent but not worth the prices.

Michigan fans beware!!
This is a Buckeye-owned bar - don't be surprised if you come in wearing maize and blue and your food tastes a little funny.

My mother and I came here for lunch yesterday.
We walked in and settled into a booth.
We were given menus by a greeter instantly.
About 10 minutes roll by and still no server gave us any recognition.
However, we did see servers attending other tables around us.
Finally, we were able to get the attention of the greeter to tell her a server had not come yet.
She acted as if surprised and said she would find one.
She came back and apologized and said there was some sort of confusion with the servers but someone would be on there way.
A few minutes later a server came and took our drink and food order.
Mom ordered the Prime Rib Dip and tater tots.
It was $2 extra to substitute tots for fries.
I ordered the Bacon Bleu Burger (medium) and onion rings (again $2 extra).
The menu had a nice variety of food selections.
The grilled aspargus appetizer looked interesting.
I would have ordered it had I been a bit hungrier.
(Next time I will.
) The mac & cheese choices made me salivate.
I absolutely love mac & cheese!
The gentleman behind us was enjoying a huge bowl of it and it smelled good.
That will be another item I will have to try.While waiting for our meal we observed a Bloody Mary stand.
It seems the server brings you a glass full of ice and pours the vodka into it at your table.
Then you proceed to the Blood Mary stand where they have about 20 different condiments to add to your vodka.
One condiment that grabbed our eye was bacon slices.
Pretty neat idea, ... adding bacon to your Bloody Mary.
It did take some time for our meal to arrive to our table.
My mom even had to ask the server "How much longer?
" because of the time that had passed.
(The restaurant was not filled.
Still empty tables.
) After about 25 to 30 minutes our food arrived.
Mmmmm Mmmmm... the smell of a freshly grilled hamburger.
It was dressed with a bountiful amount of bacon and cheese and topped with onion, tomato, and lettuce.
I bit into it and savored HEAVEN!
Prepared to a perfect medium and juicy.
My onion rings were a bit too crunchy to the point where the roof of my mouth got a bit tore up from the crisp breading.
My mother's Prime Rib Dip was very good.
The shaved beef was tender and flavorful.
The au jus may have had a touch too much salt in it but still added a nice dipping juice to the sandwich.
Mom and I ordred iced teas with our meals.
The iced teas were refreshing.
They were not your typical Lipton Orange Pekoe.
Instead they had a fruity/floral taste.
Nice change!
In case other consumers are wondering about prices, our bill was $33.00 for 2 sandwiches and 2 teas.
I wish I could give 5 stars but I had to deduct.
I deducted one star for the delay of service upon arrival and one star for the length of receiving our meal.
I will definitely come back because the food was delicious.
Hopefully, on my next visit I will update the review with a 4 star or 5 star.
I do recommend trying this restaurant.

Super fun place to watch any sports!
Great beer selections!!!!
They have some pretty cool beer flights options too!
Gotta try it!
Had the thousand island burger, it was great!
Really juicy and moist.
The onion rings were good.
Will be back!

This place is pretty fun!
The staff can get a little forgetful and zone out a little, but they are pretty upbeat.
Why not 4 stars, it's a bit pricey for a burger/bar joint.
I unfortunately didn't order a burger, I just ordered mozzarella sticks to munch on, while my friend ordered a full meal.
The mozzarella sticks were pretty decent, I usually say motsy sticks can be determined by the marinara sauce, if you have good marinara you have good motzy sticks.
Their sauce was pretty decent for a burger place, not bad at all!
I have to say I wish I did get a burger, for my friend ordered their BBQ/Bacon burger and it was pretty delicious!
Im not a fan of BBQ, but this burger wasn't overpowered with the BBQ sauce.
The BBQ taste was a good flavor that added to the burger, bacon and cheese!
Gave it a nice little kick!
Food was good, staff was decent, stays pretty busy on the weekends and the prices are a little high, but you have to kind of expect that for they are right there in Old Town Scottsdale.
Old Town seems to have little higher prices then other restaurants down the streets.
Overall A-OK place!

We came back again.
But this time Mom and I brought 2 of my other sisters along.
I had higher expectations for my second visit.
NOPE.
I did order the Grilled Asparagus which I wanted to try from my last visit.
What a disappointment!
I received 6 very thin and shriveled spears.
SIX!
The flavor was good but definitely not worth the 7 or 8 bucks I spent on it.
I was expecting big thick plump spears and more than 6.
That is highway robbery and only reflects greed upon investors/management.
I don't mind spending 12 dollars for a burger because they are flavorful, juicy, and worth the money.
But the Grilled Aspargus experience has really turned me off and put negative thoughts in my mind about the people behind Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers.
Once again, it took forever for us to receive our check.
Pretty sure we won't return.

Great beer selection and staff.
The bartenders are attentative and friendly and their sunday bloody mary bar is something else.
A great place to watch any type of sporting events since they have almost 20 TVs surrounding you.
Their outdoor patio is awesome.

Great food and amazing beer selection!!
Quick service, plenty of seating both inside and outside, and decent pricing.

The entire place was packed so we were worried about service.
To the contrary our bar tender/server "Zack R" who was pretty much serving the entire bar and restaurant, was super attentive with extensive beer knowledge.
We went around the world in a few pint glasses accompanied by a delicious "Tijuana dog".
If ever in doubt, sit at the bar and be wowed.

Bartenders do a great job to make sure you're happy, and the beer selection is great.
Feel free to try a few.
Highly recommend asking what's new, as the list seems to rotate and the bartenders know it well

Tried this place with my dad good atmosphere decent tater tots service was not so good a lot of people working they just don't seem to do the team thing very well took forever to have our order taken.
I ordered my burger medium rare it came out med med well they took it back to re make it the second time it came out medium..
If you are a burger place and offer different temps you should know how to cook all the temps.
My dads soda got one fill because the lack of service and burgers are mediocre.. As I would like to think it was just a bad night I will try them again sometime hopefully it won't be as disappointing.
If only there was a stout burgers and beer in AZ  ....

Came here this past Sunday for game-day and while I expected any bar/restaurant to be crowded on that day, this place was pretty insane.
Not to mention, the acoustics are awful in the place.
You had to literally shout at your bartender/waitress and even the person sitting next to you.
I will probably come back on an off-game day for late lunch or happy hour to get a better feel but my first impression was "meh".
Oh, and $7 for a fireball shot?
Who are you kidding?

Meh.
The service is never good here, and I've been 3 times.
It always seems like it's the server's first day on the job.
Here's what I mean:  The last time, I went with my boyfriend and his out-of-town friend.
We ordered a round of drinks on a Saturday afternoon.
I asked our waitress for a vodka-soda.
She replied with, "you need to tell me what kind of vodka you want.
"  I responded with "ok, do you have Tito's?
"  And her response: "I have no idea.
"  So I said, well if you do I'll have that, if not I'll just take whatever you have.
"  That's only one example; trust me, there have been many.
But the food is not very good either, which is really the downer.
Their burgers are pretty good, which is good because it's their namesake.
But everything else (namely their appetizers) is dry and gross.
I want to like this place because it's such a great location and AWESOME patio, but no.

the cook on the burgers is soo off, service is slow.
It is wayyy too busy for the quality of the food and service.
Don't think i'd come back

To preface this, we have come to Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers about 8 times now.
Maybe half of which were to watch a sporting event and the other half to hang out with friends and family.
First off, the name tells you exactly what you're getting.
Cheeseburgers and cold beer, which I haven't had a bad burger or warm glass of beer there yet, so they are definitely living up to their name.
However, if you feel like getting wild, the Buffalo Chicken Dip is freaking delicious.
Aside from the awesome food, the service has always been awesome for us.
Between the locations at Greyhawk and Old Town, we have never had a bad service experience.
Special kudos go to the Old Town location though, because every bartender interaction we have ever had there has always been positive.. particularly with Scott and Jaclyn (Jacqueline?
not sure if I spelled her name correctly) but regardless, they are both badass.
In summary, good food, great people, fun times... this place rocks.

WORST SERVICE IVE EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.
I had to chase down waiters  to get water, menu, order and get my check.
I might as well have made my own food.

I had the All American Burger for happy hour and it was Excellent!
The staff was extremely knowledgeable and all were very friendly and helpful.
I will be coming here for sure to satisfy my next burger craving.

3.5 stars 4 for sports bar.
Friendly staff good wings burger..
It's a sports bar for god sake..

My husband and I dropped by Scottsdale Arizona on the way back to California and found this restaurant.
There happened to be a parade taking place that same day so it was pretty crowded.
They have a patio sitting area looking out into the streets.
Perfect spot for the parade.
They specialize in burgers and beer.
They have an option to build your own burger.
Good variety of beer to chose from.
Here's our comments on specific dishes:  1) Asian Chicken salad - I love peanut sauce and bits of fried wonton skin so it totally worked out for me.
They didn't over kill on the dressing so I would highly recommend the salad.
2) The Staple Mac & Cheese - They used three different types of cheese and it mixed together very well.
It was probably one of the best I've had.
Server was right about it still being good after you reheat in the Microwave.
They used thin curly noodles and topped off with some bread crumbs!!
YUMMY!!!
=)  3) Bacon Blue cheeseburger - Burger was good and the portion was big enough that you almost need fork and knife.
I'm not a big blue cheese burger fan however my husband enjoyed it.
He was only able to finish half.
Great place to hang out with friends and watch the game!
Remember to check in to get $5 off... =)

Way overpriced for mediocre food.
Service, eh.

I'm giving this place 3 stars because it didn't let me down, but it also didn't impress me.
They have the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale on tap, which is my favorite beer of all time, so I give them some credit for having a good local beer selection.
Overall, I liked the space, the patio is huge and great for warm days/nights.
I wanted to sit outside, but I came with a larger group, 8 of us, and we were fortunate enough to find a table inside to accommodate us right before the UA v ASU basketball game.
I ordered the CB&CB burger which was good, but doesn't rank as one of the best burgers I've ever had, but I would come back to grab a Sonoran Ale and watch another game.

The name draws me in, but the food makes me question my decision.
The bun got destroyed in the process of being eaten, which is a major no-no.
When the bun requires me to break out the knife and fork to eat a burger...you know where this goes.
Kudos for offering some local beers -- I just hope they drop the Bud Light, Coors Light, Corona Light, etc.
and really commit to local and craft beers and spirits.
I'd go back, but I'd really like to see CB&CB evolve and become something great.
Paint the walls and add something behind the TVs, drop the crap beer and fix up the menu.
You can do it - I believe in you, CB&CB.

The beer selection was nice, and the tvs were plentiful.
It was a good place to watch a game.
The food was a bit lacking in my opinion.
I ordered a grilled cheese (which is pretty hard to do wrong) and the bread was barely toasted, and the cheese was a weird consistency.
It seems like the best dishes here are tater tots and Mac and cheese, which is disappointing for a place with "cheeseburger" in the name.
The menu is all pretty heavy, and I wouldn't suggest it to someone wanting a light, healthy meal.

Really bad service.
no longer offering brunch.
not sure why i would ever come here again.
really disappointed.you have been warned.
They could have at least offered us a discount considering such a poor experience but not so much.

As the name implies this place specializes in cold beer and cheeseburgers.
The happy hour specials feature local AZ brews and apps for $5 and less.
I love the selection of draft beers and the burgers.
The pittsburgher was great as well as the bbq cheddar burger.
I also had the spicy home made chips which were great to munch on while deciding what to order.
I found their prices to be reasonable especially for old town Scottsdale.
Next time I am in AZ I will have dinner there.
The service has been decent (although not mind blowing) and I prefer sitting outside on the patio to the inside of the restaurant.

They don't do brunch anymore unfortunately but the food was awesome!
Service was amazing (our waitress was Alyssa)!
I'll definitely keep going back!

I love this place, the burgers are always perfect.
My favorite has to be the ring of fire burger.
It definitely has a good kick to it so you gotta like spicy food, but its awesome.
They have some hells fire chips too which are great for an appetizer.
Great list of beers and they have a ton of TV if your tryina catch a game or two.
The place itself is fun you have the option of sitting outside if its not boiling outside, but luckily it is covered so on a good day there is a nice breeze.
If you haven't come here before you have to try it.

From the front door, to the table the service was top notch!
Everyone was warm and welcoming!
The burgers here are superb and I highly recommend the steak butter topping to any burger you may order.. it's $2.00 but a tasty treat worth every penny!
You can make your own burgers with their simple ordering sheets.
One of my favorite features is the open design.
on a warm day you can sit there and feel a breeze blow by, or sit in the back in a booth.
Tons of beer selections!
Cant wait to go back for lunch or dinner!

Slowest place ever.
waited over an hour for appetizers.
My buddy went to loco patron next door and got tacos before the apps came out.
He showed up about 30 mins after we got here too.
First app that showed up was an app we put it after the complete order was place.
Their excuse was that its a very easy app to make.
He then went and got another set of tacos before the entrees came out.
Finished eating the second set of tacos and "fast app" still isn't out.
Entrees came out at room temp not even hot as if it was fresh off the grill ect.
Very very very disappointed if I could give no stars I would give no stars.
Still sitting here waiting for the app to come out that's suppose to be a "fast app" ridiculous!!!!

Tony the bartender is a cool guy!

Thought I had left this review already but I guess not.
Its basically like eating at 7/11

We really liked this place.
It is good for BEER and CHEESEBURGERS.
The burgers are good, ALMOST as good as REHAB.
It is much more sportsy-lively and loud.
SF fan crowds can make it hard to get a good seat.
We got the Philly and and custom.
The fries are good, slaw was eh.
But the burgers and beer were both good, hence the stars.
Lots of beers on tap, LOTS.
Waitress was cute and peppy but would disappear for extended periods, I will not yet judge them on this becasue it seemed she had a busy table inside.
Best thing is the handy CUSTOM ORDERING sheets to get what you want on your burger.
They have several types of bread, lots of cheese selections and everything else is there too.
Just dont go durng a game, unless you want to yell over the "WHOOPS".

Amazing drinks, service, atmosphere,  very friendly staff way better then Bandera!
Come here and enjoy!

Have never eaten here before but was in the area looking for lunch.
Place was busy as it is Spring Training time in AZ but we got lucky and grabbed a couple of seats at the bar.
Tried 2 of their "FAV" burgers, the Rocky Point and the Blue Cheese burger (not the official name but I can't remember it).
Both were amazing.
The burger itself was great before even getting into toppings or the brioche bun.
I will definitely be back.
Oh yeah and the beer was cold too.

Went last night and decided to eat here because my party could not agree on food so the compromise was burgers.
We decided to eat outside which got a little chilly but our waitress turned on the heater when we asked.
The food was good.
We had 2 cobb salads, sliders, veggie burger, rocky point and some other speciality burger.
The veggie burger was very good, I believe the patty was vegan but overall 3/5.
The cobb salad 5/5, the vegetarian in our group almost ate a piece of chicken because it looked so darn good.
Rocky point 4/5.
Service was not the greatest.
Staff seemed like they had an "attitude".
Atmosphere was good.
It was more sport barish.
Overall the food was all good, service meh and atmosphere good.

Hashtag YUMMMM!
My husband and I tried this place on a whim because he refused to eat at my favorite restaurant for the 5th time in 3 weeks (go figure).
We were looking specifically for burgers and beer so the name definitely caught our eye.
We came during march madness and the place was packed but had great energy!
We sat at the bar and had a couple of beers in doors but near the open patio on a gorgeous day.
They have an excellent beer selection!
We also did the build your own burger and build your own macaroni and cheese!
Although after all of the additions to our meals it was pretty pricey it was totally worth the cost!
The burger we built was- Angus beef Pretzel bun Bacon Red onion  Mayo Golden mustard (which was kind of sweet) Jalapeos   The macaroni we built was perfect!
I definitely recommend this combination.
We added- Gruyere  Garlic Red pepper  Grilled chicken   We used the 5$ off your tab yelp coupon which was around 10% of our bill after 4 beers, a burger w fries and macaroni.
What an awesome deal!
We drive all the way from chandler to try this place and will definitely make it back soon!

My daughter (senior in college) was in town for the first weekend of the NCAA Basketball Tourney.
We were looking for a place to watch the games for Thursday, the round of 64.
We did a drive by and saw all the TV's figured we would give it a try.
We got there a little after noon.
They were busy, but we were seated immediately at a table were we could view 3 games at the same time.
CB&CB has many beers on tap.
I wish I could quote the number, but I don't remember.
Our burgers were very good, fresh and done to order.
We had Fries and tots as sides.
We wife joined us after work and had a salad that she enjoyed.
The staff was very friendly and attentive.
When we finished eating we told the server that wanted to stay and watch a few games.
We told here that we could move to the bar, but she said we could stay as long as we wanted.
I would highly recommend CB&CB when you want to kick back with some friends for food and a drink and to watch sports on TV.
We were there in the afternoon and it seemed very family friendly.
I am not sure what it is like in the evening however.

Great service by Breana and excellent burger sliders, mozzarella sticks and build your own burger.
Great restaurant for befOre our softball game.

Came here on a Friday night & sat outside.
The server was really sweet & attentive.
I got the mac & cheese as well as their grown up iced tea.
Both were really really good!
Nice place to have a few drinks & some food!
Lots of TV's with the games going which my husband loved.

Stopped by for a late lunch and ordered the Steakhouse Truffle Burger a Build Your Own Burger and a couple of beers.
Both burgers were cooked just right and had great flavor, but the Steakhouse burger was incredible!
The house made chips and onion rings were decent, but very heavy on the salt.
The service was pretty good; very friendly, but our server was kind of in a daze.
Everyone seemed busy and they were all helping each other out so overall the service was decent.
All in all it was a very solid lunch and we'd probably go back for the burgers.

True to it's name, this place is all about great sports viewing, comfort food (tot-chos?
awesome) and a broad beer/booze selection.
Servers are friendly and accommodating, manager roams around making sure you're pleased, and the location and seating configuration is perfect for hot, sunny days.
They also operate Arcadia Tavern, which is a similar experience.
I'll hit this place any time I want to catch a game and some good bar food.

I would not go out of my way to eat burgers here.
There are so many great choices in Scottsdale, especially for a great burger.
Try Hamburger Rehab, Flemings or Z Tejas.

Really cool place, great location & delicious cheeseburgers!
I really enjoyed my Bacon Blue cheeseburger here.
I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Scottsdale!

Grilled Cheese had two hairs stuck in the cheese with no avocado (when I asked for some) and bacon (when I asked for none) as well as cold fries.
The waitresses would only stop by my table every 20 minutes so I couldn't even tell her it was messed up.
Got our check and there was an extra $11 charge for wings we never ordered and the waitress AGAIN was nowhere to be found so we couldn't let her know.
We had to track down a random busser to get someone to fix the problem.
Wings finally taken off the check and waitress AGAIN was nowhere to be found for another 30 minutes.
She didn't even seem like she wanted us to pay her.
It was like she wanted us to leave without paying so she would be stiffed.
We finally gave our check to the manager so we could pay and leave.
Two hours longer than we wanted to be there.
ITS CALLED A SENSE OF URGENCY PEOPLE.

Best burgers in town!
Great happy hour and lots of TVs to watch games on.
Amazing beer selection and has beers from breweries in Arizona.
Great environment and service.

Thought it was a fun place at first until I got horrible food poisoning!!
I don't recommend eating there!!!
(Was there on 4/5/14 around 6:00pm - right before the Wisconsin/Kentucky NCAA game - ordered the Steakhouse Truffle Burger with tater tots)

Great open concept restaurant with tasty comfort food.
They have a nice selection of beer on tap, and a variety of food options for everyone including vegetarians (yay!).
We've been here a few times and every time it's crazy busy, so plan on waiting for a table especially during peak season.
If you're going for happy hour I would suggest you call ahead and make sure they are still offering specials.
For example, when we went during spring training they were not honoring happy hour specials.
:(   I was back-and-forth on giving this place a 3 or 4 rating, but unfortunately the service is never been spectacular so that coupled with the happy hour situation ... dropped it down to a three.

Another good burger, but this time it was at the Old Town location.
Well cooked, hot and good fries and only $7.50 for the All-American burger at HH.
Also, use the YELP check-in for five more bucks off.
Much better crowd, but still a bit grey until the winter visitors head home and it is indeed about time folks.

I decided to visit this place for the first time the other day and let's just say every single part of it surprised me in the best way.
I sat at the bar and was greeted right away by the super friendly Sydney.
Now, she wasn't just another pretty face, she's also very knowledgeable when it comes to the menu.
First, she helped me pick a beer and let me sample a few I had never heard of.
Went with the sleepy dog red rover.
And for my meal, Sydney suggested that for my first time I should try the Steakhouse burger.
AMAZING!!!
The truffle oil really sets it off.
All in all, a great first experience and I will definitely be back.

We came in on a Saturday afternoon around 130-2 .
It was very busy but we were seated right away on the patio.
There were 2  different games on right next to eachother and the volume on both were up and very loud.
It was extremely hard to hear eachother talk as well as annoying.
Our server was Nadine and she was very sweet and very proficient.
We had the buffalo dip which was delicious.
It could've used a creamy element of some sort but was nice and spicy and served with homemade chips.
I had the juicy Lucy on a pretzel bun.
It was awesome!
I got the sweet potato tots with it and they came out black.
I'm not kidding.
I asked the food runner if this is what they were supposed to look like and he said..."they're a bit crispy but still good.
I actually prefer them that way".
I personally would have never served those.
Nadine took 1 look at them and went and got me new ones.
My friend ordered the 1000 island burger medium rare and although it came out mid well, he still enjoyed it.
He also said the cole slaw was great.
My other friend had a build your own burger with a side salad and liked it just fine.
So, other than the noise level and tater tot issue, we thoroughly enjoyed our service and overall experience here.

I'm giving this place a solid four stars, because between the $5 yelp check in deal + happy hour prices, my burger and beer were less than $10 WITH a generous tip!
The beer was cold, as advertised, and the burger was tasty.
Not the best I've ever had by any means, but a solid cheeseburger worthy of being included in the namesake.
Our waitress was on top of it, despite having what appeared to be ten different groups she was waiting on, and the crowd was a nice mix of Scottsdale randoms.
It's possible that I'm giving the 4th star due to the company I was surrounded by (Rick / Jon / Amy / Jolly / Heath / Laura / Jeff / Becky) - we shared some very interesting conversation as a little sendoff for our pal Rick who was visiting from N.C.  On this day, we learned that there are still people in their 30's rocking aol e-mail addresses... HA!
Definitely worth checking this place out, it's a solid option in old town Scottsdale, especially if you're trying to watch a game!

Since Yelp requires users to provide reviews across the entire rating spectrum vs. just raving about and speaking positively about the 5 star places we all love, I am going to pick on Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers for my 1-2 star review.
Food and beverage rating: 4-5 stars Service rating: 1-2 stars  I had a chipped edge on my cocktail glass and the server said "Oh I am sorry, let me comp that drink for you" and then charged me for it anyway.
When I brought to her attention the apparent mistake, she got sassy and the manager was unprofessional and lame as well.
Gave me some sob story about how comped drinks come out of their pockets, like it was my fault that there was a shard of glass in my mouth and drink.
Isolated incident and the rest of their service is top notch?
Probably.
Thanks Yelp for asking me to rate a few people poorly in order to provide 5-star ratings to those who deserve it.

first time there was visiting the in laws the service and beer selection was awesome but the food sucked they burn't the burger to black not sure why the cook even served it that way the frys were cold and my wife's tots were cold.
we didn't get charged for the burger thank God very load place not sure whey the dance music came on in a sports bar at 8:30 but will most likely never return

Oh no!
I'm the worst kind of guest.
I came, I ate, I drank and I failed to send a thank you card.
I joined a group of fellow Yelpers for a Wednesday Happy Hour.
(Jeff E. is awesome at planning Yelp unofficial events.
) We rolled our way out fatter and happier.
THE RUNDOWN + Has TV?
Yes.
That's a definite yes!
You really can't find a bad seat facing the mega-televisions that border the top of the bar.
+ Huge front patio (perfect for people watching!
) + The food is over the top generous in size, flavor and character.
+ Build A Burger is bananas  + Wide selection of beers on draft + Great for groups  SPECIALS + Happy Hour (M-F, 3-7): $4 Local Pints $3 Domestics $4 Prem Wells $5 House Wine & some $5 appetizers + Mon: $10 Build Mac-n-Cheese (unlimited toppings!
) + Tue: $20 House wine & hummus platter + Wed: $10 Build A Burger (unlimited toppings!
)  THIS BURGER BUSINESS I like a good challenge.
When I heard I could pile on unlimited toppings the game was on.
I triple confirmed the pricing on Wednesday is a flat $10 NO MATTER WHAT.
Like a speed demon I selected a bun (pretzel!
), a protein (angus beef) and a cheese (gruyere).
My pencil hovered over veges.
(Yes to jalapeos and caramelized onions.
No one to kiss that night.
Boo!
Hiss!
)   I heard someone at my table order avocados on the side.
"Ooo!
Good idea.
Check.
" While in that section I thought, "Hmmm...what about an egg?
You've never had an egg on your burger.
WHY NOT?
"   [Shrug] People.
I hadn't been to the gym in three months.
What's little bit of caloric love?
At Step Six I tossed in lettuce, tomato and mayo.
I circled back and opted for some regular onions.
(Again, no prince that night.
I like a bit of crunch to my burger.
) I topped off my rare burger with a tangy chipotle sauce and a side of sweet potato tots.
(Interestingly enough you can top your burger with Steakhouse Herb Butter.
How curious!
)  God bless our server that night.
I have to poll my friends to see if anyone can remember who helped us.
She was the Shizzle.
Patient, on top of our beer orders like a ninja and sweet as pie.
We must have asked one thousand questions.
FIRE FIRE FIRE While eagerly awaiting my mountain of food Jeff ordered "The Hell Fire Chips".
I scoffed when I heard they were hot.
Potato chips, buffalo sauce and blue cheese.
My tongue thanks beer for its many healing powers.
Speaking of beer, Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers was serving a Black Butte Porter at the time.
I really hope they still have it on tap!
Back to the flame.
Ursula had ordered something called TOT CHOS.
Think of nachos, layered with chili, sour cream, guac and roasted pepper cheese sauce.
Got that?
Except the base is on tater tots!
Also FIRE.
A half order can easily be shared.
When The Burger finally rolled out my eyes opened like saucers.
Cutting it with a knife clearly wasn't going to help!
It wasn't pretty eating, but, oh boy was it yummy!
There were left overs.
Good place.
Fun!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I just heard.
The restaurant is still offering the same Yelp check-in offer.
$5 off your order!
GET IT!

This place is FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!
The "O lineman" burger will blow your mind!!
It is a delicious patty of beef sandwiched between two grilled cheese sandwiches.
It was amazing and could be a signature burger at anywhere in the valley.
Go there, don't be shy, and give it a try!
Obviously the first part of this joints name is Cold Beers, and YES they live up to that.
Their beer selection was very good.
Local beers, small brewery beers, and obviously domestic and imports.
I went with the lefthand milk stout and was not at all disappointed.
With all the trendy places coming and going in downtown Scottsdale, I can see this being a place that is there to stay.
Go check it out because seeing is believing.

I've been 3 times.
Each time I got their "juicy Lucy" burger, which has the cheese mixed into the patty and is actually pretty good when cooked right.
The first time, it was pretty good.
The second time, it sat under the heat lamp for god-knows how long, resulting in a bun that could not be penetrated by mere teeth alone.
The third time it was alright again.
My issue is less with the food and more with the staff.
I sit at the bar, and the only guy bartender I've seen is more interested in chatting up women than actually serving food and drinks.
I also hate when a server acts pissed off when the food is served without a condiment that was requested upon ordering.
The guy feigned an act of anger towards the kitchen staff because he was inattentive when I was ordering.
The first time I had a good experience.
The second time I had the previously-mentioned server that sucked and left my food under a heatlamp until it was basically ruined.
The third time, the food turned out OK but I had to deal with the same server again.
Will not be back.

Best hamburger I've EVER had!!!!
My parents agreed.
The place is incredibly loud, however.
Like... You have to yell, essentially.
Outdoor seating seemed nice but it was completely full.
Lots of misters to keep it cool which is nice.
Lastly, the coolest thing is that you can leave the premiss and remain on the waiting list.
They text you when your table is ready.
You can just text them if you're not coming.
WARNING they say the wait is muchhh longer.
They told us 20 minutes and it was only about 10 minutes!

How is it possible that I've not written a review of CB&C?
WOW.
Let.
Me.
Fix.
That.
Right.
Now.
Ok,...
I have my laptop... Let me Yelp this!
I have been to CB&C several times over the past year.
I love their creative BURGER options.
Their burgers are great.
They have these extra-neat ordering "forms" in which you can "Build Your Own Burger".
Toppings range from cheese to eggs to grilled tomatoes.
Pro-tip: On Wednesday nights, you can "Build Your burger" and fries for $10.
But, of course, it is just like me to continue to come back to this place, NOT for the Cold Beers and NOT for the CheeseBurgers.
I have had a single burger here in all the times I have gone.
So, what have I been eating you wonder?
For heaven's sake, my weakness is french fries and chips and this place has THE BEST Tater Tots EVER.
On top of it, they have Buffalo Chicken Tots and Cots in which sliced chicken, blue cheese and hot sauce are drizzled/sprinkled over the Tater Tots.
Talk about Tater Tot heaven!
Simply divine.
I hosted a large group here on their patio.
The service was just OK for me.
We had a party of about 28-32 people, but one server.
That annoyed me big time.
The server was nice and cordial, she just didn't have enough hands to move things along faster for a work lunch group.
Alas, I still love this place.
Another great deal, they have a dang-on awesome Yelp Check-in offer too.
How anyone can justifiably rate a place called "Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers" below 3-stars is baffling to me.
My return factor is 100%.

not impressed with the old town location.
the service was poor, the burgers weren't cooked to temperature (asked for medium rare, but they brought out well done).
really...a burger place that can't cook burgers?!?!
the only good take aways are   1. solid beer selection, both draft and bottles 2. tons of televisions well placed throughout 3. good happy hour specials  the only way I'd ever go back is for happy hour to get a few hard to find beers.

I love the patio especially on a nice day- they have misters going so its the right temperature even when its 100 degrees.
The menu has all sorts of burger combos and there's a good selection of appetizers or other food if youre feeling adventurous...
They also allow you to pick your own 6 pack with all the various beers they have available.
Then they throw ice in the cooler on the table in order to keep the beer cold.
(hence the name)  Id recommend this spot if youre going to watch a game or just to enjoy a scottsdale day/evening.

The place is quite lively ...
They quite a selection beers on tap  and canned beers.We ordered the burgers and some beers.
Food was ok and service was ok too.
Our host and server were friendly though.

Sports bars with great service are bank in my book.
Often, I visit ones where the rowdy action that's happening on TV and throughout the bar gives servers an excuse to neglect your dining needs or act hurried in their interactions, but I'm pleased to say Cold Beer & Cheeseburgers in Old Town Scottsdale is a great exception to this rule.
I went there recently to watch the Indiana Pacers beat the Miami Heat (woo!
) and had a great time chilling out on the mister-filled patio.
We had prime seating in front of a large flat-screen television and a cool view of Old Town Scottsdale.
Now I know why the patio is constantly packed whenever I drive by - the place has great food, a killer happy hour, 25 TVs and service with a smile.
One of the things that's greatest about Cold Beer & Cheeseburgers is that their happy hour lasts until 7 p.m., and starts at 3 p.m.
It features great specials, including $3 domestic pints and $5 appetizers.
As the restaurant name implies, the beer list is huge, but my favorite part about the meal was the delicious grilled cheese sandwich and side salad.
The sandwich comes with fries or chips for $8, and with my salad, it was only $10.
This was great bar food, a huge portion, with three types of cheeses and tomato.
I added avocado, which is my favorite way to have it.
I was impressed with the fresh salad, and left taking half my sandwich home.
My companion's Turkey Burger ($12) also looked generous, and he said it tasted graet.
I stole some of his sweet potato tots (an extra $2), and they were worth the splurge - perfectly crispy and, again, a massive portion that had him taking half the meal home.
Throughout the night, I was pleasantly surprised any server that passed by our table checked on us.
Servers should work as a team, helping out each other's tables with whatever they need, and that's the philosophy here - really impressive.
The atmosphere was fun, with friendly banter and cheering among tables for the games.
It's casual and unpretentious, yet you'll feel valued and have a great meal.
Also, be sure to "check in" on Yelp, Facebook or Twitter to score 10 percent off your bill.

Solid but not spectacular burgers, meat could have been juicer and of a higher quality.
But the menu options, location, and atmosphere make it a top spot to visit next time your big game is on.

This review is somewhat unfair.
I did go with a giant group of Yelpers, so I cannot say if the most excellent and amazing service was due to that, or if it is always like that, but I can say that, at least that night, the service was wonderful.
The manager (who seemed to be one of the yelper's friends possibly?
) was amazing.
He was attentive without being overbearing and he remembered all of our names... that's right, like 25 of our names.... that is insanity!
We came for happy hour and build your own burgers and happy it was!
They had many delicious beers on tap, with the local beers being on special for 4$.
I had a Four Peaks peach... it was delish, as per usual.
The build your own burger deal is pretty amazing, you fill out an order form with all of the toppings you would like for 10$.
I think I put too many toppings on....here is the run down on my ridic burger:  Pretzel bun Angus beef gruyere and cheddar cheese roasted tomato, caramelized onion, roasted green chilis, jalapenos, guac steakhouse butter bacon over easy egg hot sauce... on the side.
That's right... this was burgerious maximus.
Unfortunately, when the burger came out it was missing several of the toppings (including the bacon, blasphemy!
) and the over easy egg was nearly cooked through.
This was a little disappointing, but maybe was a blessing, because this burger was monsterous, hard to eat, a total mess, and delicious the way it was.
Would I like bacon next time?
Yes, definitely.
But I will try to edit myself....*try* being the operative word.
I could only eat half and I was sooo full.
I also had sweet potato tots.. they were good, but after trying someone else's chips...those are definitely the way to go.
As others have mentioned, they have a great Yelp check in special... 5$ off, and they honored it for all of us, which was totally unnecessary, but much appreciated.
I will gladly return!

Great food, great beer, great service!
I had occasion to visit twice in one week - and both times were fantastic.
I know the manager, Tracy, from the last restaurant he was at - he took great care of me there, and if it's possible, even better care of me here!
Wow - I feel like a rockstar in this place!
I was sharing with my lunch group Saturday - I really tend to avoid Old Town - but based on how both groups I was with last week were treated, it will be impossible for me not to frequent the place.
The servers are on the ball and don't seem to lose patience - even with large groups splitting the check multiple ways.
All food was delivered as ordered, the quality and flavor are solid and the portions generous.
I am not going to make suggestions - I don't think you can go wrong anywhere on the menu.
Oh, wait.
One suggestion.
The Hellfire Chips  on the appetizer menu.
House made chips, buffalo sauce, blue cheese.
So good!
Its a really large serving - so either split it as a group, or plan on that being the majority of your meal.
But WOW - so simple, but delish!
Thank you, CB&CB - and thank you, Tracy - for making sure we all (in both groups) had a great experience and look forward to coming back!

An absolutely fantastic place if you like burgers and beer.
My girlfriend is vegetarian and they substitute a veggie patty on any of their burgers for her and we have never had a bad experience.
The servers are always very knowledgable on the beer selection and pairings...and what a beer selection it is!
I will definitely be a repeat customer.

So, I'm torn about this review.
The food was pretty excellent, but my rating is due more to the service than anything else.
We went last night for happy hour, and sat on the patio.
Considering it was 100, it was pretty comfortable!
The food was great, but the service was horrendous.
We had some girl wearing a hippie-type headband halfway down her forehead, who apparently didn't think we were worthy of her attention.
I got there and waited 10 minutes for her to take my drink order.
It then took another 10 minutes for her to bring my drink.
After that, we didn't see her for 30 minutes.
We had no water and empty glasses.
She kept looking over at us, but never once asked if we needed anything.
We had previously told her that we wanted to order food but weren't ready.
Finally we flag her down to order more drinks and food.
The food is brought by someone else, and the drinks arrive 10 minutes after the food.
She didn't check on us once while we were eating.
We had to then again flag her down to get the check, which took 30 minutes.
We had the cards ready, so at least that was quick, but she never refilled our water (we were outside!
), and didn't come back or acknowledge our existence.
This was such a disappointing experience, as I've been there multiple times before and have never had bad service.

Food is pretty good.
I suggest the Juicy Lucy or Open Pit burger.
Great place to grab some food and drinks and watch sports.

Food was decent but the customer service was really bad.
Never saw a wait and bar staff so lacking in personality and unwillingness to smile and be pleasant.
It was bizarre.

POOR SERVICE.
The food was great, fantastic burgers and fries.
Sadly the service was terrible.
I had to go get my own silverware and napkins and when they brought the food out they did not know which plate was what and we had to short out whose was whose.
After this the food was great which is the only reason they get 3 stars.

Great sports bar in old town.
They put the volume on during the big games which is always a plus.
Lots of TVs and a good draft selection.
Come on Wednesdays for the build your own burger and check in on Yelp and it will cost you $5!
Service can be a little slow when it gets packed but that can be expected at any place.
Taryn was our server and she was great.

Great beer, good food.
But oh boy, that water.
DO NOT ASK FOR WATER, JUST DRINK BEER.
If you do, be prepared.
A brown mushy tsunami will be your closest companion in your VERY frequent stops to the restroom.
Of course if you are into that, go for it.
Just drink the beer.

I ordered the chicken fingers appetizer which was $10 by itself and asked for barbecue sauce with it.
The chicken fingers were extremely dry, hard, and crunchy like they had been sitting out for days or over cooked.
Even the barbecue sauce wasn't good, almost tasted like a strange sweet and sour sauce, definitely different.
Overall I was not pleased and probably wouldn't go back.

Food was extremely sub-par and pricey for what you got.
Everything about the place was just average.
There are a ton of TV's, a decent beer list, and very basic burgers.
If that's what you're looking for, this place is great.
If you're looking for a great burger, go elsewhere.

Deliver on what they promise.
Great appetizers and burgers.
Fun environment to spend an afternoon drinking with friends.
Yelp check in = $5 off = Free appetizer or round.

Great service, food and beer selection.
Much better than your average bar food.
Nice location and very good service.
Will return.

My vegetarian girlfriend and I decided to go out for a late night bike ride to have dinner at a place with a patio.
We settled on this place because of the reverse happy hour ($5 apps) and the veggie burger.
Although the table sign and tv's both mentioned the reverse happy hour and $5 apps, no go because it's summer?
I would think you would have specials in the summer as it was 11:30 PM and it was still 101 F. Argh  I let the gf order first and we were told they were out of veggie patties.
We asked for a pretzel ($5 for one - $5 for two for reverse happy hour) prior to this and we said we will need a minute.
The waitress came back and I asked to pay and we will eat our pretzel before we go.
Paid, signed and then our pretzel came.
Took about 25 minutes.
The pretzel was great and the cheese dip was familiar (likely a shelf brand) but it was good.
Had to ask for napkins and the music was so loud that we hard a hard time hearing each other.
A disappointment.

Tonight was my first visit to watch the UFC fight.
I really appreciate the great service even when the restaurant was completely busy for the fight.
After the fight we stayed a bit longer to have some more beers and enjoy the patio.
They do a great job with misters and fans to keep the patio cool, even in July.
Besides the great beer selection and the service.
The burgers, wings, humus, cbcb salad were all very good.
Everyone in our group enjoyed their meal and drinks!!!
We will all return again soon!

Yum, good burgers.
I still like Hopdoddys better but this place has good food.
The homemade chips are good but not great.
Sweet Tater Tots were good but my friend says they are better at Stax.
Hamburger was solid.
Looks like they have a great beer selection too if that is your thing.
It is in the restaurant's name after all.
lol

1st time here.
Had the bacon blue cheese burger.
Ordered it medium and it came very pink inside, almost to the point of being raw.
Other than that, it was good with a generous portion of French fries.
Had the brownie sundae for dessert-outstanding.
Service was attentive and friendly - no issues.
Will eat here again.

