One of those hostels that make you feel like you're home.
Friendly, helpful staff that don't make things difficult with restrictive and unnecessary rules to just create a fun and relaxed atmosphere with some good common areas.
Nice, central location just next to the train station that makes it easy to get around and get a sense of the city.
Close to the royal mile and the new town for shopping.
The common areas can seem small at times but mainly just when the hostel's full.
The drink and food specials are pretty good too.

I think this could be the lowest score I've given any hostel in Edinburgh.
I booked in here for 3 nights and a further 3 nights the following week but ended up only staying 2 nights and cancelling the additional 3 nights I had booked.
The hostel is central being located right next to Waverley Station but the benefits end there.
For one thing there is no kitchen at this hostel which is useless for those travelling on a budget.
The hostel compels you to buy food at one of their adjoining eateries or buy take away food all of which is expensive for the long term traveller.
One shower room had piles of towels on the floor underneath the sinks  to soak up water from leaking pipes.
The dorms were dark and crowded.
I had a guy released from jail sleeping next to me who admitted to having serious psychiatric problems.
Clearly the hostel is offering accommodation to social services because it's unlikely he would have a credit card or passport for ID.
On the second night I booked in elsewhere due to the obvious security risk and came back for the third night when new guests were installed.
I quickly cancelled the other 3 nights I had booked.
Cleanliness was minimal also.
I didn't get much chance to speak with the staff but those I did speak to were indifferent and at the adjoining bar I ordered a cappuccino which was barely warm and had no chocolate sprinkled on top, all for £2 after the supposed guest discount.
All I can say is avoid at all costs, I couldn't get away quick enough!

