I came in on a weekday basically just to alleviate my curiosity and to maybe get some ideas for furniture to fill up my brand new home.
I walked into the showroom and was immediately "hunted down".
The guy who helped me was very nice but was obviously trying to get a sale.
I told him multiple times I was just looking but he proceeded to follow me around and collect my information.
I did see some very nice things but way out of my budget!
I was hoping prices were a little more reasonable, as this store is new to Arizona, but we're talking thousands of dollars for a couple sofas.
The salesman told me these stores are super well known in Texas and throughout the South and apparently "the best there is".
I walked through the dining table area and did like a couple tables.
When I asked if anything came in black, the salesman ran around trying to "get some answers" but found out that nothing comes in black.
I am surprised that a furniture store of this "quality" has no dining tables in black!
When I asked about the financing options, I also wasn't impressed by what I heard.
Many competitors are offering no interest for 60 months...they don't.
For the "quality", I just can't fathom spending this much money on something that isn't super high end or more well known.

Made a quick appliance purchase and paid hundreds less than expected.
They have typical pricing, but the occasional irresistable deal.
One criticism I have is the pushiness of the sales people.
They make no bones about the fact that they work on commission and remind you constantly.
They try to guilt you a little due to business being slow since they opened, and if you don't give them a good review on the satisfaction survey, they will be "on the chopping block.

I live in Mesa and like to shop locally, so I noticed Conn's.
I walked into the store and noticed that I was the only shopper in at that time.
Maybe there were 10 salespeople looking my way which scared me a bit.
There seemed to be a line of salesmen waiting their turn to attack customers, one headed my way.
So this guy introduces himself and shakes my hand, I tell him that I am new to the store and just looking.
He forces himself on me and starts coming with me.
I tell him if I need him, I will get him, ok?
So as I browse through furniture, he starts asking me questions, I tell him again, just looking.
I move over to TV's and again another salesman asks me what I am looking for, nothing I tell him.
Just looking.
This jerk wants me to apply for credit, but I only pay cash?
Then he brings his manager over and I tell the manager I am only looking,  for God's sake, just looking.
Is there a problem with that?
He tells me he can get me financed, are they deaf or dumb?
So I researched the place online, if you have credit problems, they might be able to finance you there.
Conns owns a bank.
The furniture prices are outrageous, and the quality low.
Before you buy there go to Conn's FaceBook page, people hate Conn's.
It's a high pressure store, be warned.
Lots of salespeople standing around waiting in a line, like a car dealership.
Lastly, my friend applied for credit there...he has been called every day by different Conn's stores in the area...B S!!!
Avoid unless your credit is bad, and so is your taste.

would you believe the salesman told me the conns is open on thanksgiving day from 6pm until midnight???
can you believe it?

Where do I begin....
I don't usually write reviews, but I want to warn people before then spend here.
When I first went to Conn's I knew exactly what I wanted/needed, a new Mattress & TV.
I walked in and tried out a few mattresses, and quickly found what I wanted.
I waited about 15 minutes for someone to assist me.
When I finally reached a sales rep, she came over and kept trying to convince me to get the most expensive bed in the entire showroom.
When I asked her the difference between the bed I liked and the one she was trying to sell me, her response was "I don't know, it's just really nice".
My mother, who was shopping with me at the time, showed interested in the more expensive bed and the sales rep said to me "well maybe you should take your mom's old bed and she can buy this one" (I'm an adult, mind you).
I should've walked out at that point...   After shopping, I tell her to cash out my purchase and the process took forever on their extremely old and out-dated computer system.
The sales rep told me that Conn's would remove my old mattress and move old my bedframe to my garage for free.
She also gave me a rebate for my delivery charge.
Here comes the nightmare.....  Sunday 2 men came to my home to deliver the mattress.
I told them what needed to be moved before the mattress was set up.
They go downstairs, bring in the mattress through my front door and slide it across my floor, with no one guiding it, knock down and break 3 candle holders.
Then, when they moved my wood bedframe, they yanked the top of the frame from the base, causing the bed frame to completely come apart.
After breaking two items, these men were still rushing through my house acting like they had no care for my personal space.
As they're setting up the frame for the new mattress, one of the workers swings the bed rails out of the box and break my ceiling fan.
His response was "oh, maintenance will fix that".
I said, "this is a privately owned condo... there is no maintenance..." they never even apologized.
My mattress they "removed" was found laying outside of the dumpster, in my condo's, in the middle of the street....  1 month later....
I'm still waiting on Conn's to send me my money for the damages done to my home.
I went back in forth with the delivery manager, she tried to tell me they're not responsible... but then realized they are after speaking with her supervisor.
Oh and my "mail in rebate" was denied by corporate because it didn't meet the minimum purchase requirement of $499, even though the mattress I ordered is $1,200.
I'm working to get that back as well.
Long story short - don't shop here, it's a headache.
The Roomstore and Ashley's provides great service and has a better selection, spend your money somewhere with quality.

No... just no.
We're trying to find a few pieces of furniture and I was told by a friend to check this place out.
We walk in and are attacked by a salesman.
I tell him straight out we are ONLY looking.
We will NOT be purchasing today.
But still he follows us around like a puppy and then was telling us how he's new and he has to follow us but he doesn't want to be one of those pushy salesmen.
Omg... just go away.
Biggest turn off ever.
Then he starts telling us his life story and too much information about his personal life.
Wth?
Dude, seriously, go away, I don't care about your back problems!
We took one lap around that store with our new human-puppy-man and got the hell out of there.
Never again.
Never ever again.

I am very disappointed in my purchase.
Low quality and over priced.
They prey on people who cannot get credit elsewhere.
Do not shop at Conns.

DO-NOT come here.
WORST place ever.
RUN-RUN fast!
I been waiting ONE year to get my furniture fixed.
I made my payments on time yet getting service done FORGET ABOUT IT!
not happening they transfer you and transfer you and well it's a never ending cycle.
The wait, well that's about 1hr or more....IF they say someone will contact you.
Please don't hold your breath.
DID I MENTION they will take money out of your account even though I did NOT authorize it.
Yeah, funny how I been waiting a year to get my crap fix but nothing, sure enough they are QUICK to take your money, they will review their recording to see if 'I' "authorize it" well, I think I would know if I said YES go ahead I'm going to pay you even though my crap has NOT been fixed!
when it's been reviewed I will get my money back in 5 days.
Sure as heck didn't take themFIVE days to take it!
Their 'managers' are worthless....
I really regreat coming here!
These people sure as heck have no Idea who they messed with, I will have my husband job with a camera at their corporate office for a consumer affair story!
They would LOVE this story!

