I have had Cox Cable for 8 Years and had next to no problems until recently when I called to try and lower my bill.
doing research I found I could get cheaper TV going to them as a new customer and they treated me like a spoiled child for even asking what my options would be.
I was on hold for over 35 min on one failed attempt to talk to customer serves when I gave up.
DISH or Direct TV has better customer service and cheaper rates.
only reason I gave them 2 stars is the product it self was good for me and I still have there high speed internet.
I shut off cable and am using internet for TV now.

The worst customer service of all time!
Worse then Direct TV, worse then SRP, worse then Chase.
Incompetent!!!
Incompetent!!!
Incompetent!!!
-NO CLUE how to do their jobs.
I hate this company!
ZERO STARS!

I would give less than one star if I could!
I have the same problems with Cox that everyone else does, they screw you if you've been with the company for more than a year!
Just called in for my mom who has been a Cox customer for 20+ years to see if she could get a promotional offer THAT WAS MAILED TO OUR ADDRESS THAT WE SUBSCRIBE TO COX SERVICES WITH.
I called "Customer Loyalty" and the lady told me that the new subscribers end up paying the SAME as my mom once the taxes, fees and equipment rental are added to the $80 a month promotional offer.
My mom pays over $130 a month.
So the "customer loyalty" person told me that there is OVER $50 in taxes, fees, and equipment rental if you subscribe to Cox as part of a promotional offer!
My mom barely pays half that for taxes, fees and equipment rental.... so the only logical conclusion is that 1. they increase fees and rental costs for new subscribers or 2.
The lady mislead me to make us feel like we weren't getting ripped off.
Whichever was the case, I consider it unethical.
I asked her AT LEAST THREE TIMES to break down in detail the taxes, fees and rental costs for the $80 promotional offer.
The first time she told me "well you aren't eligible for that package anyways".
I insisted several times, because IF new subscribers end up paying the same as a 20+ year subscriber then that would put me at ease.
After the third or fourth time I asked her to explain her statement she hung up on me.
It's such a shame because the actual services that Cox provides (internet, phone, TV) are excellent, but their horrible customer service and billing departments make them the epitome of half-assed customer service.
Just a truly awful company.
Unfortunately there aren't a ton of viable alternatives in Phoenix.... but if we had Google internet Cox would be out of business in 24 hours.
Also: When you speak with customer service or "customer loyalty" departments at Cox, they try to overly complicate everything and try to make you feel like an idiot for not understanding.
Watching my 83 year old Grandma on a customer service call to Cox, wondering why her bill was so expensive, was one of the most painful experiences of my life.
If I wasn't by her side I imagine she would have ended up with a bunch of added services, and sill no clue how her bill breaks down or why it's so expensive.
They also don't actually listen to you or answer your questions, they just have a pre-memorized list of responses and give you the once that closest represents the answer to your question.
Example of this: "why do new subscribers pay so much less than a 20+ year customer of Cox for the same service?
" Answer from customer service "well you get a bundle discount!
"  Is that what I asked?
No.
Another example "Could you break down the exact taxes, fees and rental costs involved with the promotional offer I received in the mail but am not actually eligible for?
" answer from customer service: "it actually comes out to about the same as what your paying right now in the long run!
" Again: not what I asked, and also not true.

