Yogurt is ok at best.
I don't think it's as smooth and yummy as other places.
We had a coupon and thought we'd give it a try.
BEWARE of using their coupons.
Our coupon said "Buy one get one free of equal of lesser value.
One coupon per customer.
Not valid with any other offer.
" The guy at the counter only gave us $4.50 off of one cup instead of buy one get one free.
Overall, there are too many other great yogurt shops in the area that are way better.

I didn't notice too many "tart" flavors and the topping offerings are actually kind of small compared to other frozen yogurt shops.
But having said that, Tart & Toppings is a pretty solid little self serve fro-yo place.
There's not much of a variety of flavors available.
I think there are just three or four machines and I haven't noticed much of a rotation in my handful of visits.
Each flavor that I have tried has been pretty good.
The pistachio is incredible.
The toppings are just okay.
Pretty standard.
Despite that lack of variety, I've still been more than satisfied with the cups of yogurt that I have purchased at Tart & Toppings vs most other frozen yogurt places in this area.
The place is clean and doesn't have ice cream or cleaner smell.
The oversized table games are pretty fun.
You can sit down and play checkers or tic-tac-toe.
A great way to be entertained while you enjoy your treat!

Really godd frozen yogurt.
I had the Fresh Strawberry yogurt and it was delicious.
Love the area they have for the kids to play and the decor is really cute.
I will come back.
Good selection of Smoothies.
I will try a smoothie next time.

By far the best frozen yogurt store my daughter and i have ever been to!
Previously we were big fans of Yogurtology which is good but Tart & Toppings is just that much better.
Not only is the yogurt really delicious but the store is gorgeous!
There are games to play on the tables for the little ones and there is even a huge chalk board at the back of the store for the children to be creative.
The selection of toppings is very good and I love that there is the optional waffle cones where the cups are kept.
The service was very friendly and helpful.
We will definitely be back ... often!

Below average yogurt joint.
Not a fan of the shops that don't let you sample the flavors on your own.
I don't want some pimply face high school kid limiting me to three sample cups he gets from the secret cup drawer behind the counter.
Leave the sample cups out and if i can fill my own big cup with yogurt, i'm pretty sure i can fill a small sample cup all by my lonesome.
Plus, the tart wasn't tart at all and they only had one tart flavor to boot.
Pistachio was horrible and extra star was for graham cracker crumbs, which is an unusual topping.

Stopped here for a quick sweet treat & overall I'll give this place a 6.
It's just not that great tasting, MoJo & Yogurt land are the tastiest in my opinion.
But the staff as great & the coffee was really delicious they have crushed ice & strong coffee.
Next time I'm coming back for drinks

Moved to north Scottsdale and this by far is the best yogurt place.
My favorite is Dole Whip!
Just like Disneyland!!

Tart and Toppings has a great staff, great ambiance, and awesome options for yogurt and drinks.
They are constantly innovating for new flavors and offerings to meet the customers needs.
This shop listens to their people!
I highly recommend stopping in morning or night!

Love this place!
The new menu is great and I love the Double Almond Acai bowl with Chef Mike's granola.
Great for breakfast or anytime of day.
The Peach Bellini smoothie is also a good one.
I think it's great that they are branching out and doing something different beyond just offering yogurt.

The bottom line: this isn't your typical yogurt bar and if you were suspecting it you may be a little confused.
It is so much more.
The callobarotive genius of the owner and chef Mike resulted in the acai bowls.
Chef Mike's granola atop antioxidant packed acai frozen yogurt with fresh fruit is pure bliss.
My personal favorite is the double almond acai.
You won't find anything like it in the valley.
As you can tell from this review I don't care about service when writing a food review.
I am a foodie and it's all about the flavor, tasty, crunch, and fesh quality of ingredients.
If you care about those things too you will begin frequenting this business.
The place is nothing but very clean.

4 stars because the yogurt was delicious, the place was clean and has perfect décor for a frozen yogurt shop.
The cashier was nice and service was fast and easy.
The yogurt is not like the more icy kind some other places offer, it's more creamy.
I like both kinds of frozen yogurt and I wouldn't say that one is better than the other, just different.
I tried several flavors and while they were all yummy, I went with the cupcake batter because it was the yummiest of all!
I piled on the strawberries and it tasted like a strawberry cupcake, yum!
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I felt the original tart was a little too tart, but that's really just a personal preference.
If you want some creamy yogurt goodness, you can't go wrong with this place.
In fact, I think I'll stop by there again today!

