My last few experiences were excellent here when this place was formally known as Italian Restaurant.
Now this restaurant has been split into two restaurants and one half is Pizzeria Bianco and the other half is Trattoria Bianco.
The two conjoined restaurants also have different hours of operation.
We decided to try the appetizer special of the evening it was Arancini.
They  were fresh and hot and served over arugula but fell apart and crumbled when you tried to eat them and they lacked seasoning and flavor.
These arancinis weren't filled but were made of risotto with a few tiny pieces of mushrooms in the rice mixture.
They presented us with four and they were $16.00.
The market salad sounded good so we split one of them.
It came out slightly different than our waiter described but was still OK. We received watermelon and cucumber with some fresh herbs, oil and seasoning.
I'm not going to nickel and dime the server because he told me purple basil and accidentally said some kind of cheese.
But they DID come out at the same time as the Arancini and it was problematic at the table because of lack of room.
We both went with Fresh House Made Pasta Dishes.
My husband tried the Beef Bolognese Pappardelle.
The Pasta was well made with some kind of whole wheat.
The sauce was very basic and was made from canned Bianco Tomatoes and some ground beef.
I tried the Swiss Chard Lasagna.
I imagined a nice piece with yummy sautéed Swiss Chard and maybe a layer of the pretty colorful stems used in an interesting way with layers of oozy melted cheese and fresh seasonings.
But alas I was dreaming and received a very dense Brick of pasta and dry cheese.
The Swiss Chard was blended into the pasta and that still could be good but it was just pasta and very dry cheese.
I don't mean to rant but my plate had sauce on one side and the other side was just water.
I KNOW The Chef would be very upset if he knew what I was served and that is the only reason I didn't rate this restaurant at two stars.
I KNOW the food would have been better if the Owner was supervising as I noticed the food is always EXCELLENT when he is on site.
There fore this was an unfortunate Off Night.
This might not be helpful but it is very Honest.
They Offer Excellent Food at times but have off nights at times.
2.5 Stars

5 of us dined here in early July and had a delightful evening.
The service was caring and attentive but not intrusive and the food was prepared with love.
The Chefs special appetizers, Pici Pasta, Margherita Pizza and Flourless Chocolate Cake were all delicious!
Our server Charlotte and the manager Danielle also made wine recommendations that paired wonderfully with the food.

Great gnocchi special recommended by our wonderful server.
Others in our party had the lasagna, quite uneventful, lacking flavor.
Overall wonderful experience.
Well be back.

This hidden gem is a slice of Italian delight.
The distinctly different menu and low key atmosphere will keep me coming back.
Pici, pappardelle, meatballs... Bianco is a treat.

Formerly known as "Italian Restaurant" this is the only Italian restaurant I will go to in the valley.
I'm sure there is some very nice Italian at other restaurants, but this is mine.
Always an authentic dining experience, never overwhelmed with pasta and always served delicious homemade favourites.
This is my favourite local Italian family to support.
Speaking of, I think it's time for another visit.

Trattoria Bianco is back to one restaurant that serves both pizza and other delights.
This review is not so much about the food or the service--but an attitude.
I did a large party of 12 on a Friday night--I attempted to make the reservation almost a month ago not by calling but actually by going to the restaurant.
At the time I thought we were going to be a party of 16--if you are over the magic number of 15--you have to do a pre planned meal and it must be at least $30 per person--I had offered to do a pre planned menu--but did not want to be at a $30 per person price point--dealing with all the machinations around the rules--was difficult at best--and made me almost walk away and find someplace else.
Anyway as it turns out--we were a party of 12--6 or 7 of us got there early and they would not seat us until all the party was there -- one of my family members (male) asked to see the manager and it was only through this second intervention-that  we were able to sit at our table at 5:45 instead of 6.
I love this restaurant--I love the  food as did everyone in the party.
Our server was terrific.
Our bill was very close to $500 and for that--it would be so much nicer to have felt that we were welcomed instead of having all these little rules and machinations.
I know if we had not been there --that they would have filled the table, I get that, but I guess I want to feel this is my neighborhood restaurant where I can bring friends and family for a celebration or just a great evening and be welcomed to enjoy the hospitality of Chris Bianco's restaurant.
Instead the evening was colored by the attitude that came from the person at the door and the manager--who made a parting shot at my family member about the favor they had done us by seating the party 15 minutes early.
I guess it just makes me sad.

