Located near ASU downtown campus, Melt.
is a perfect addition to the Arts' District.
I mean, why didn't we have a local ice cream parlor in PHOENIX yet?
The small shop is ran by a nice youthful and friendly couple and the ice cream is made with local ingredients.
You can grab ice cream and take it next door to Lost Leaf and make a beer float, take it across the street to the bookstore and watch the open mic, or just sit on Melt.s incredible front patio.
At first I was a little scared of their 7 dollar milkshake until I was reminded that it was made using local dairy products (and it was the most delicious shake I have ever put in my face).
Melt.
It's a First Friday must stop venue too!

I stumbled upon this place last night.
I can't believe what I heard from the owner.
The outstanding folks from SuperFarm SuperTruck make more than just their amazing Superfarm ice cream...no no no...they make a whole slew of flavors.
Guess who has them?
YUP!
Lets Melt down to the specifics and discuss the new gem ice cream shop, Melt.
~The Good~ Well, the owner is good buddies with the owner of Superfarm.
I just realized Udder Delights is also under their tree of ice creameries...so if you like Udder Delights, check this place out!
I just love the randomness of it all.
A guy opens up a small, nondescript ice cream literally next  to Lost Leaf, and he just so happens to have local, amazingly tasty ice cream from Superfarms...GO FIGURE!!!
They have a ton of flavors, by the way.
Right now they have a ton of sherbets and fruit-flavored ice creams.
Of course they have the usual staples like chocolate, mint chocolate, and so on....but come on, they have Superfarm, which if you have yet to have it, is a hazelnut chocolate ice cream, with Nutella added.
This ice cream alone is a reason to come here.
Instead of tracking down Superfarm's truck or heading to Gilbert for your fix, COME HERE!
The owner's also, are very relaxed, its a small business to the T. They also make smoothies out of the farm-fresh ice creams they have.
Just come and try this joint, you will love it.
~The Bad~ There really isn't too much.
It is not in the nicest building, its in a re-designed home, the kind your used to at Roosevelt row.
They do not have seating inside, so it may get hot if eating out in the sun.
Its more of a cash n' dash if eating during the day.
I see this more of an optimal spot for later in the night, if you ask me.
Its in Roosevelt Row, and that is not everyone's cup of tea.
If you are the person that like add-ons and toppings, they do not offer that to this point, so keep that in mind if that is a must-have.
~The Down Low~ Overall, this is a solid 4 star spot.
The amazingly kind and homely (the good kind) service, assortment of flavors, freshness of ingredients, and the fact that the ice cream is locally made all add up to 4 stars.
Is it a swanky  parlor where hipsters go to?
No.
Is it a shop that serves ONLY local and fresh farm-made ingredients?
YES.
Even most local in-house shoppes fail to use such fresh sources.
Melt is also open from 12 to 12...ALL DAY..So you can get your Melt on whenever you want!
Melt gets the Jefe Seal of Approval!
Come and enjoy!!

An ice cream spot is a great addition to Roosevelt Row.
I finally got to try this on a hot July night (well perhaps hot goes without saying).
I have to say with frozen items being in there, that little house is no longer as stuffy.
I always felt so bad for the people cooking for Nachobot and Rezbot when you combined the heat from outside and that generated by the stove.
Also, it looks like the owners expanded the back somewhat or maybe because the indoor seating is gone now.
Anyway, back to Melt.
I only came because I heard they had some really out of the ordinary flavors.
I don't live in the neighborhood so I wasn't planning on coming just for regular stuff like chocolate chip or vanilla.
When I heard they had a watermelon flavor, my taste buds wanted to accept the challenge.
Luckily they're was no line on a Sunday night at 8 so I was free to try all the more intriguing flavors.
The girl working behind the counter could not have been nicer.
She kept encouraging me to sample and even pushed flavors she liked.
After much thought and sampling (yum!
), I settled on carrot cake.
Seems like encapsulating cafeteria desserts as ice cream flavors is a trend.
I've had apple pie flavored ice cream but never carrot cake.
What I really appreciated about it was that on top of the ice cream, there were walnuts and I think even grated carrots in it.
And it was a great texture.
No crunch icicles.
I got a regular scoop in a waffle cone.
I went with the waffle cones because they are locally made too.
The one issue with the waffle cone: At some point, ice cream may start to drip.
There will inevitably be a hole in the pointed end of the cone.
I'm glad I got a spoon with my cone.
At one point, I held the cone horizontally and just ate out of it.
So, next time I may just do a cup or the more stout, lighter colored cones like you get at the store.
The regular size scoop, in my eyes, was A LOT.
My friend got a mini scoop in the waffle cone and I may go that route next time.
I will definitely go back.
I need to work my way thru the list of flavors I want to try, starting with the watermelon-cilantro sorbet, which tasted very refreshing in the sample I had.
They also have cucumber sorbet and the cinnamon ice cream I tried was pretty awesome.

Finally a late night ice cream place that caters to vegans as well!!!
menu is small right now and will expand with other desserts'  This place just opened - and stays open til midnight!!!!!
Please support this amazing place!

YA!
Great ice cream in downtown phoenix that is open late!
Udder Delights from Gilbert makes it way to the city.
The staff is super friendly and the ice cream is top notch!
Hit this place up ASAP.

Great ice cream (and yogurt!
) and really friendly owner!
I'd recommend this place over cold stone any day.
Everything is made with local ingredients which is a major plus.

I was looking for an ice cream place late last night and found this place next to Jobots.
The flavor choices are unique and everything I sampled was very good.
I got a scoop of the Greek yogurt and the carrot cake I wish I got a scoop of the cucumber sorbet, but I knew I couldn't finish 3 scoops.
I love how the ice cream is served in a takeout container with a fortune cookie.
Definitely a special little place!

Took a family bike ride here.
Good stuff!
Friendly staff and great selection!

This ice cream place is very cute and close to my house.
The girl who was working last night when we went with Jon and Amy was so friendly and helpful and didn't mind giving us about 1000 samples.
The ice cream comes in little Chinese food to go containers and have a fortune cookie on top....too cute.
I thought the best flavors were the Superfood (nutella ish), coffee, and coconut (mmmm).
This isn't my favorite ice cream ever, but it was pretty damn good.....I would recommend it if you are in the neighborhood.

The largest variety of locally made ice cream I have ever found.
Reasonably priced for the quality.
Basically, the best ice cream you can find downtown.
(Yup, even better than Fair Trade's ice cream.
)  The staff was super nice, and it's a relatively short walk from ASU downtown.
If you like spicy/Mexican hot chocolate, you have to try the hot chocolate ice cream.
I will certainly be going back here again.

After meandering from Lawn Gnome to Jobot to La Bodega - in August - *I* was melting.
I saw this place out of the corner of my eye and decided to poke inside (even though I don't eat ice cream!).
I was delighted to find a variety of delicious sorbets.
Two words:  Cucumber sorbet.
Maybe the most refreshing thing I've ever eaten.
Plus, the owners are super nice!
Adorable, local, and delicious.
What more could you ask for?

There seems to be a curse on whichever establishment opens up in this old house, but Melt is a parlor that needs to stay.
I have my booze, coffee, and food options already taken care of on this road, so an ice cream shoppe is refreshing!
Tried the watermelon and cucumber sorbets.
None of that fake crap like high fructose corn syrup or artificial flavor...it was all so fresh, you'd think they farmed the fruit that day.
The price is reasonable, the quality outstanding, and you get to snack on a fortune cookie at the end.
I have no regrets.

It very exciting that there is a new cute little ice cream shop in Roosevelt District.
It is on the same street has Jobot Coffee and Lost Leaf.
We went here with our friends Jennifer and Eirik one night for dessert.
The lady was really nice and let us sample most of all the favors that they had.
It was really good ice cream.
My husband and I shared a cup of ice cream.
We had coconut and peanut butter and it was in a Chinese to go box.
:)    While if you are ever in the Roosevelt District for first Friday or just going looking for a cool place to you to.
You should check out Melt.

I was so excited to try this place out after the Dbacks game on Tuesday after reading all the positive reviews.
We walked in around 9P and a friendly face greeted us before even stepping foot in the outdoor dining area.
I tasted the carrot cake, cookies & cream & they were soo delicious!
The flavors were just bursting in your mouth!
I ordered a scoop of each and could not wait to go outside and enjoy it on the picnic tables.
I was raving about this place as soon as I sat down.
From the adorable décor to the friendly service, the mouthwatering ice cream and the adorable little Chinese take out box it comes in topped with a fortune cookie.
And then BAM(!!!!
) half way thru my cookies and cream scoop..... a piece of hair.
I was literally off that chair & in my car in 5 seconds.
I was DISGUSTED.
I have to admit, I'm definitely more sad and disappointed knowing I'll never come back here.

I heard about this place in an article for the top 10 ice-cream places to cool down in the U.S. and was surprised I hadn't heard of it before.
I biked down there on Monday night because they're open late and saw the shoppe in an old house in the Roosevelt district.
There were two cute cats by the front door to greet us as we walked in.
I had the Superfarm and my co-conspirator had the coffee.
Both were delicious, served in a chinese-take out container and with a fortune cookie!
Can't wait to go back.

I've always thought an Ice Cream shop down on Roosevelt Row and/or 5th Street would be a great idea.
I'm happy to see that not only did it finally happen, but the people behind it did a great job!
All the Ice Cream, Sorbets and Yogurts are local and the flavors are unique and varied.
The presentation is original: Chinese take-out box with a fortune cookie.
Great for those of us that skip on the waffle cone usually but still enjoy a little bit of waffle cone-like goodness at the end.
Other offerings are shakes, smoothies and ice cream flautas: chocolate cream filled canolli's with three mini-scoops on top.
The decor is shabby chic and practical, outdoor patio seating is perfect for the neighborhood.
Love this place!

My girlfriend was hungry for dessert after a D'Backs game on Tuesday, but it was almost 10pm.
I wasn't optimistic we'd find a dessert spot downtown that late on a week night.
But low and behold, Yelp saved the day and helped me find this place just a few blocks from my apartment.
They've only been open about 2 months, but per the Yelp reviews already seemed to be garnering a fan base.
The place sits in a historic home pretty much in the heart of First Fridays territory.
In case you get lost looking for this place, just look for the neon "Munchies" sign.
When we walked in it was just the owner (who also happens to be the owner of JoBot Coffee).
Super nice guy.
They don't make their own ice cream, but rather have it made by a local co-op.
Their flavors range from Chocolate Raspberry to Chips & Salsa.
After sampling seemingly every flavor, I went with a scoop of Cinnamon and a scoop of Vanilla Birthday Cake.
When you order a cup as I did, you don't get a cup but rather a Chinese noodle box complete with fortune cookie.
Random?
Yup.
But freaking awesome.
She got the Chocolate Superfarm and the Raspberry.
There's no seating inside, but there's plenty on the front porch.
We were the only ones there (not surprisingly since it was so late on a Tuesday), but thoroughly enjoyed the ice cream and overall experience.
Great way to cap off the evening.

Woohoo for a locally grown ice cream shoppe!
I haven't had some locally made ice cream since I lived in our small college town in Northern California.
After doing some shopping in the vintage shops around Roosevelt Row and sweating like crazy, my friend and I stopped by Melt.
We had quite a few samples of their sorbets and ice creams including chips and salsa (with Tapatio on top).
The cucumber sorbet was seriously refreshing.
But I ended up with a mini-scoop of Peanut Butter.
My friend also tried their Mexican Hot Chocolate and did say it was too overly spicy.
Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm creamy!
This was seriously dreamy.
Their ice cream, cultivated by Superstition Farms is incredibly creamy, smooth, and perfectly sweet without being too over the top.
All the flavors I tried were very natural and that's a definite plus.
You've got to love their scoops come in Chinese take-out boxes topped with a fortune cookie.
Better yet, if you don't like your fortune, they have a jar full of them you can switch yours out with.
Ha!
We spotted their junk food cookies in their case on the way out and were very curious.
But we asked the girl working that day (who was a bit of an awkward person who didn't listen to us very well) what was in it, but she couldn't even tell us.
Ummmmm, okay?
The cookie was HUGE and looked like it may have been some sort of peanut butter oatmeal concoction with potato chips and pretzels piled on top of it.
I wish I would have grabbed one up to check it out.
Maybe next time!
My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed sitting out on their large patio area.
It was a nice quiet Sunday and Roosevelt Row makes for a nice relaxing spot to sit in and admire.

This place is so cute and love that they use chinese take containers for bowls.
Cute idea and the fortune cookie just sells the cutie concept.
Order the plain jane vanilla.
The staff explained that all the ingredients are local and made in house.
I could not wait to try it.
It was good, but way too sweet for my taste buds.
I heart local businesses so I need to come back to try another flavor.

I'm a huge fan of Churn so it was hard to break away and try a new place but I wasn't disappointed!
Melt is a very cute ice cream shop a few houses down from (and also owned by) JoBot.
They had a lot of flavours I'd never seen before and I was able to try a few before choosing.
I love that mom's mint chip ice cream came in a Chinese food carton with a fortune cookie.
I got my half blueberry muffin/half birthday cake scoop in a "waffle" cone - it didn't have the waffle pattern and was pretty thick so it's more like a pancake cone - and both the ice cream and cone were delicious.
Then, surprise!, there were little marshmallows on the bottom of my cone to, I assume, keep ice cream from sliding out the bottom but was also a nice extra treat.
Two scoops with a waffle cone was just under $10.
Not bad for homemade and local.

Its good ice cream if you're in the neighborhood and a super nice staff but it's not worth driving across town to fulfill your ice cream craving though.
Don't let them talk you into getting a crownut it's way too much sugar and ruins the ice cream.

Yum...super delicious ice cream in the Roosevelt neighborhood!
Quaint shop serving up many different flavors - we tried the pineapple and peanut butter and many of the others looked great too.
We'll be back!

I was SO happy with my ice cream experience here.
Their waffle cones are amazing (and probably nothing like you've had before) and their array of ice cream (and sherbets) is wonderful.
They have the classics but also have some interesting choices: salsa ice cream, cucumber, and nutella.
You guys, it's so good.
Just go here.
Go here now.

When we first got there I noticed 2 cats on the roof and I thought it was cute.
I saw the little window and I thought they live in that lil attic.
The place was easy to find and we are lucky we parked at the street right in front of the shop.
When got inside and the guy ask us if it was our first time and we said yes.
He ask us if we wanted samples and so we tried the cucumber sorbet and superfarm.
The only downside was when we purchased the cucumber sorbet the guy didn't give us a full scoop, he probably got distracted because he was talking on the phone and did not realize the scoop was not full.
Oh and they're open till midnight which is cool.

Delicious!
Flavors are like none I've tasted before.
Local ingredients make it that much better.

Yay for local ice cream shops!!
This place rocks!
After a quick visit to their beloved jobot's next door we had to hit this place up especially since it was a friggen hot August day!
Such a cute place with great selections of ice cream.
They make their ice cream from scratch!
That's what I'm talking about!
I had the strawberry cilantro which was a seasonal one, and it was very quenching and delicious for the hot summer day, kind of reminded me of a Mexican paleta.
My husband got the banana and he loved it, there were some chunks in it too!
They serve the ice cream in Chinese take out boxes or cones.
Did I mention that they're open until midnight?!
AWESOME!
We will be back for sure!

The ice cream bar has been raised.
Best waffle cone ever.
Top quality ice cream in Phoenix.
Try the cookies and cream...

Excellent ice cream made in the Phoenix area.
Best chocolate I've had in a long time.
Very friendly server who was more than happy to let all 5 of our group try any flavor ice cream we wanted.
Look forward to another visit of this delicious ice cream soon.

Fruity Pebbles ice cream changed my life.
You can literally smell the waffle cones being made as you approach the street this little gem is located on.
Can't wait to go back!

Such a refreshing ice cream.
Customer service was amazing.
I would come back for their ice cream!

Mmmmmmmm Iiiiiiiiiice Crrreeeeam!
I have a bit of a sweet tooth and places like Melt are dangerous places to have so close to where I live/work.
When you add the fact that all their flavors are natural and locally made [Superstition Farms, I believe] that is a double scoop of local love right there.
Every time I go in the young lady behind the counter is passionate about the flavor offerings and when I am looking to try something new is more than eager to hand me a sample.
The flavors may change seasonally but the local favorites remain.
Their sorbets are so refreshing.
If you are not into a cone or a scoop or 3 in a container (chinese to-go container) try a shake or one of their other sweet offerings.
I personally enjoy stopping here after having eaten at Aside of Heart.
Or take my lil container over to Lost Leaf and enjoy my ice cream with a beer/cider or 3.

Nomnomnom!!!
Ice cream inside a house shack.
Now that's character!
Tried the cantaloupe, cookies&cream, and strawberry ice cream in their hilarious chinese cartons.
The customer service is sweet too.
We had great conversation about the vibe of Arizona too.
Best plan of attack is goto Matt's Big Breakfast in the morn, then grab yourself a chock full of homemade ice cream here.
You'll be a happy camper when all's said and done!

I found this gem via yelp.
Down the street from my place and next to the lost leaf so I figured I'd give it a shot.
I walked in and met Nicholas whom works there.
He gave me some suggestions and history about this place.
Had me sample some different types of ice cream.
He was super helpful and the ice cream was amazing.
Apparently everything is made locally and the building itself is very quant, painted pink with neon signs at night and a sweet wooden patio area.
They serve their ice cream in a couple cones or a oriental rice/to go box in 2 different sizes.
Very cool idea!
This is in the art district of downtown phoenix.
I support local but even more importantly I support quality.
This place is both.
:-)

What a cute place!
The woman in the store was very friendly and offered to let me try samples!
They have some odd flavors like cucumber and cantaloupe,which were both very refreshing!
I can't wait to bring my sister here.

I had some great ice cream here.
As the photos depict, it still comes in a Chinese food box with a fortune cookie tossed in.
Fairly low prices, too.

Melttttttttttttttttt my heart :))))  I love it here, cute hole in the wall.
I got the mint chocolate chip in a Chinese to go box :) with a fortune cookie.
we sat outside, people watching.
I like it here.

Went here after having dinner with a few friends to have some dessert.
Had really high hopes based on the reviews.
They had about a dozen different flavors of ice cream/frozen yogurt/sorbet.
I tried about 5 flavors and only really liked 2...the pineapple and mango.
My friend got the cucumber one which tasted okay but had a weird texture, more like shaved ice than creamy.
Portions are pretty big and each it comes in one of those Chinese to go boxes.
Each box comes with a fortune cookie as well.
Overall, I probably wouldn't go again on my own.

Independent stores are cool, and I always want to support them, but it's hard to do that when they aren't on par with the large chain places.
First off, the service here was great!
The guy at the counter was friendly and cool.
Now for the icecream - it was regular, nothing special.
Looking at the display case, nothing unusual or particularly tempting called out to me, so I ordered a half scoop of cookies and cream with a half scoop of dark chocolate.
It was yummy, but icecream is always yummy.
I wanted that something more that would make this place worth returning to, and I didn't find it.
Ways this place could improve - offer more toppings.
Most of the toppings they offered were chocolate covered in a hard candy shell (M&Ms and Reese pieces) or gummy bears, which I hate in icecream bc they get extremely hard.
I would like to see offered as toppings: fudge, caramel syrup, crushed oreos, crushed reese's, cookie dough, brownie, cake...  Or if you're not going to offer more toppings, then at least put more chunks of "stuff" into your icecream, and not just have the straight up plain flavors with nothing in there to add texture and interest.

Delicious ice cream.
Seriously, delicious.
It's in a converted house.
Very tiny, no tables inside but there are a few outdoors.
The lady at the counter was super sweet.
(pun!
)  We would definitely come here again!

I had a Salted Caramel ice cream cone last night.
The ice cream was very good.
I ordered a waffle cone though and got a sugar cone.
I am just not a fan of sugar cones.
Not sure what that was all about but maybe they only have one type.
it was FF so very busy.
I did not say anything because well, it was delish either way.
lol.
The staff were very nice.
The only issue is this place is very small so the line goes out the door and claustrophobia can set in.
I did not sample any other flavors.
I would not drive out of the way to go here but if I am in the area I would definitely go back.
I am closer to Churn which has more space and a nicer environment.

It's great to have good, local ice cream in downtown Phoenix!
And, the outdoor seating at this place is perfect and much safer for kids than Pink Spot.
The people here are friendlier than at MacAlpine's, and it's easier to park than Churn.

Stopped in here late Monday afternoon.
Awesome coconut ice cream.

The ice cream here is definitely tasted, but I think the ice cream is too melted.
It has already melt down to my hand even before I went out of the front yard.
I prefer something with more solid texture, but if you like soft ice cream, this is definite the place to go.

This place is awesome.
Low key downtown location, chill patio, and the best tasting locally made ice cream in the valley.
Try the salted caramel... you won't regret it.

We had a group of 11 looking for a place to hit after catching a show at the Orpheum.
So, we needed a spot that could accommodate us all,  that would make everyone in the group happy, and that was open late.
We found that place in Melt.
The ice cream choices were varied and everyone in the group thoroughly enjoyed their selections.
I found the sorbets particularly good, especially the cucumber.
The joint is in a quaint little house and is small, small, small with no seating inside.
But, there's a seating area outside, and although most of the tables are pretty small (4-seaters), we were all still able to successfully congregate as a group.
The service was a little slow -- we were a fairly large group and there was only one person working the shop.
And, more people showed up while we were there.
So, the server had her hands quite full.
But she was friendly, nice, efficient and professional and we really just didn't mind the wait.
I love that this is a local shop with locally-made goods.

Actually found this on Yelp!
totally loved it, such a cute local ice cream/ yogurt spot!
Nice selection- especially with the non dairy ice cream, perfect for vegans or lactose tolerant ppl& the employee was so down to earth/ friendly, def recommend trying this place out !

I love the ice cream here but the last several times we have gone the girl gives us ridiculously small scoops of ice cream.
They aren't even full scoops!
A couple times I have gone and the person who is supposed to be working hasn't been there.
They leave a note on the door saying they've left.
Melt is Kind of expensive for how little ice cream they actually give you.
Plus to drive there and the worker not even be in the shop is frustrating

Went in the other day for some ice cream since it was hotter than the 10th level of Hell outside.
Tasted a couple flavors and ended up going with just vanilla served in a Chinese take-out box.
It was ok.
There's nothing about the ice cream that makes it extraordinary, good or bad.
I doubt I'll go back since you can get something comparable at just about any ice cream shop but with a greater selection.
Neighborhood is kind of cool and there are several little shops in the area that might make the trip worth it.

This was a great stop off to cool off.
The flavors were great.
If I was more adventurous I would have gotten cucumber.
But I still loved the coconut.
The location was easy to stop off the freeway and then get back on 10.
I also liked the containers for the ice cream, I have never eaten it this way.

I really appreciate locally made foods and businesses but the ice cream was OK.
Cute litte place to try.

Looking for something other than Dairy Queen, something local so we picked this place and drove from Ahwatukee.
Folks I have never written a bad review-if I have nothing nice to say I usually zip my lip.
But I just had to write because this was just ridiculous!
We had two single scoop cones for $9.21!!!
My wife was upset I paid it-told her with the area they are in they only sell a few a day so that's the price.
The ice cream tasted old like it was sitting there--SURPRISE--and within a few blocks I was so disgusted on what just happened I tossed it out the window!!
Save your time and your money--stay away!

This is a tiny establishment with some outdoor benches.
They offer a fair number of flavors.
I had the fruity pebbles and birthday cake on a waffle cone which was delicious but with a bottle of water it came out to $9!
I only had two scoops and this IS NOT gelato!
SUPER PRICEY!

I went here for the first time tonight as it is right down the street from my place.
Delicious locally made ice cream and freshly made waffle cones are as good as it gets.
The Super Farm and Cookies n Cream ice creams are my favorites.
Will definitely be taking many trips back to this spot this summer.

Awesome location, very cute shop.
Excellent experience chatting with the girl who was working; she was nice and friendly  Very pricey.
Too pricey if you ask me, hence the 4 stars instead of 5.
$3.75 for a single scoop and extra if you want a cone.
However, a single scoop is more than enough.
Ice cream is very good.
Loved the peanut butter.
Boyfriend said cucumber and fruity pebbles (yes he ate them together) were the best flavors he has ever had.

Wow such great ice cream!
A little tough to find because of lack of good signing, but once we doubled back we found the place.
The ice cream is unbelievably creamy, especially the vanilla, peanut butter, and mint chip (the ones we tried).
Definitely worth it, couldn't be more happy with this quirky little place.

