This place ROCKS!!
The food is fresh and the service is super friendly.

Ordered a pizza for delivery and they never showed up and didn't answer when I called to check to see if pizza was coming.
A family was counting on them for dinner and we were left waiting for an hour and a half just to scramble to find something else last minute.
I've never experienced worst service.

They have unique and creative topping combinations for their specialty pizzas, I got the loaded potato and it was delicious.
The staff is super friendly as well.

Macedo's is a promising restaurant offering salads, pizzas, and sandwiches.
I came here for lunch a few times and found that while the sandwiches were tasty, but a little pricey.
I've had the Cuban and the Reuben.
One of the times I ate here I was hoping to get the paprikash (I haven't had this dish in years!
) but sadly, they were out of it that day.
The Cuban was the better of the two, with tender pork, ham, pickles, and mustard.
While it would have been nice to have a pressed, crisp sandwich bread, the buttered roll it was on was good.
The Reuben was OK, but a little greasy.
The prices for both were $8.50, and included a small side (Potato salad or coleslaw).
Fountain drinks were $1.75 and are Coke-based.
Service was friendly, and the sandwiches were made quickly.
It wasn't too busy when we were here for lunch, so it's a good place for you to sit and chat without getting overwhelmed by tons of people.
As for pricing, knocking the prices down a dollar or two would give me more incentive to eat here.

The service was friendly,  but the Chicago beef sandwich was piled high with freezer burn, cuts of dry, grisly,  low quality meat.
I was craving this sandwich but it was not good.
The red and green peppers I thought would be the hot and sweet one (classic Chicago) I'd be enjoying were literally red and green Bell peppers...
I gave the meat to my dogs.
The pickle was good.
I wasted ten dollars on bread,  I'm very disappointed

I ordered a pizza and he the crust was doughy

Nice, friendly place.
The sandwiches & the pizzas are both good, and good value for what you get.
I particularly recommend the Spina-choke pizza (spinach, artichoke hearts, white sauce & cheese, drizzled with balsamic vinegar.
Very tasty.

I ordered delivery online thru grubhub.com  They're pretty expensive and took long for delivery.
The pasta salad was really good but they only give you about a spoonful.
Over all, it was WAY over priced for the small portions size.
Food was average and delivery took over an hour.
Here's what I ordered if you're interested in the price breakdown:   Loaded Fries: $ 4.50 1 Club Macedo w/ a TINY side of pasta salad (container 1/2 full): $8.50 1 Venice Beach Cuban Sandwich w/ about a tablespoon full of potato salad:  $ 8.50  Subtotal $ 21.50 +  Tax $ 1.68 +  Delivery Charge $ 2.00 +  Tip $ 2.00 =  TOTAL $ 27.18

My husband and myself love the food here!
I highly suggest pickup over delivery.
The sandwiches are LARGE so a side or appetizer is not needed unless you plan on sharing with others.
Ingredients taste and look fresh, and are not drowning in grease, dressings or any other fattening leftovers.

I eat here multiple times a week!
Fantastic food and outstanding customer service!
I have tried just about everything on the menu.
Not a single item was bad!
Thanks for the great food and place to eat!

This place is great!
If they don't have something that day they definitely make up for it the best they can.
Extremely great customer service everyone is friendly and they love to joke around but definitely take they're food seriously and customize anything you want.
I tell everyone I know to check this place out not only cause of the great food but because it's a family owned business and I want to help them get the name out as much as I can.

Paid for extra meat and this is what I get?
Tip 15% and at the door for delivery?
Really?
One and only time I'll order from this place!
I ordered a chicken BBQ pizza and got a sausage BBQ pizza btw!

