Denise's advice and guidance was just what I needed in a point where I was doubting myself when searching for a new job.
Not only did Denise motivate me but also inspired me.
After two months of doubting myself, Denise's coaching has helped me move away from my fear of rejection.
I know that I can count on Denise for both professional and personal advice, guidance and motivation.

Denise is the most professional coach I have met and I have worked with a lot of people in Las Vegas.
She has an extensive background in HR which makes her a true professional in knowing exactly what the mind frame of HR people are looking for so investing in her services could be the difference between your resume going to the hiring manager vs going into the garbage.
I could tell instantly when I met Denise she was a professional, caring, and generous.
She spent three hours with me before she even asked to be paid and she is providing for me exactly what I need.
She gives solid and sound advice and she is worth her salt in the field.
Many coaches just give you general ideas or motivation but Denise gave me concrete homework - I love that!
It means she cares even if you don't want to do the homework she is guiding you towards more success.
She is taking the time to assess your strengths and weaknesses and providing actual tools for growth.
In my case I am not a wonderful planner and I am not organized.
In my former career I seemed to do well and slide by but in these competitive and stressful times this isn't going to cut it.
She knows the market so she is actually helping me develop the skills I need.
Denise is personable, professional, and sincere and she is going to make you do the work to get you on track while being considerate and following up on progress.
She is 100% worth it.

Denise's advice is top notch and is a great resource if you are looking for a neutral perspective on any topic related to building your career.
Her professionalism is a rare find and every dollar spent with Denise will pay for itself many times over.

As an Independent Contractor working in a combination performing arts and childcare niche of my own I needed a particular form of consultation tailored to me and this field.
Denise Cook got it!
Denise is a professional with an extraordinary amount of experience, she took the bull by the horn and ran with it...gave me excellent tips and great advice along with a complete resume make over, which now pops.
Since then my business has taken off and I have a set of super clients!
Thanks to Denise's help I am happily employed, and with her continued guidance I look forward to broadening my horizons.
I highly recommend The Honest Info.

Denise is truly amazing.
Her advice is clear and understandable.
She really wants her clients to be successful and gives her all for every situation.
I highly recommend her services for those looking to not only start a new career but for those who want to advance themselves in the jobs they are in.
There are very few services like hers out there that looks out for the best interest of those who want to improve their careers.
Thank you Denise!

I've always been one of those people who viewed finding new employment to be something between hitting the lottery and mastering the finer points of Dumbledore's wand--something that happened to other people, and something vaguely wizardy.
Denise was amazing (and amazingly patient) with me through a difficult period in my career, and positively invaluable when it came time to delve into the finer points of resume construction, interview technique and Defense Against the Dark Arts.
(OK, fine.
She didn't teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, but she did offer a staggering degree of insight into the psychology of your average hiring manager, and that's practically the same thing.
)  Denise not only employs a pragmatic, no-nonsense approach to careering that dispenses with the feel-good, power-of-positive-thinking piffle you find when flailing on Google for advice, but she's remarkably present.
There wasn't a time where an e-mail lingered or a thoughtful response to a (probably tremendously stupid) question wasn't parsed out with logical, measured aplomb.
Working with Denise was a pleasure, and I'm so glad I did.
I couldn't recommend her any more highly.

