Although the driver was very kind...
Charging me the same price when you don't have a topping?
Saying you called the number listed with no response and I have no missed calls...
Negative one for lying and an additional negative for not having my topping and or replacing it with something else.
This really ruined my day before work and I've NEVER yelped before but this place deserved it.

I ordered a extra large pizza from this store.
We paid for delivery.
The order was placed at 530pm.
The order did not arrive until 650 pm.
I literally live not even 3 minutes from the store location.
I called at an hour to find out where the pizza was and was told it was on the way.
At 1 hour and 20 minutes I called the store location again and spoke with a manager named Trinity.
She stated that the pizza was on the way as well.
The pizza arrived approximately 2 minutes after the call to the manager Trinity.
I spoke with the driver and asked why it took so long and he stated that they only had 3 drivers and the approximate wait time was 1 hour and 20 minute.
I paid the driver and when I got the pizza inside it was not even warm anymore.

Very disappointed that we didn't get all of our order.
I ordered 1 lg 1 lg for .30 and our free pizza.
the 2 pizza's came but the last one never did.
Delivery guy said he was going back to store and would be back with our free pizza NEVER Happened, Very unhappy customer.
might have to change pizza companies or change to carry out and change stores...

I dont know why papa johns has a 1 star i give it a 5 star.
i love papa johns its way better then dominos, This pizza place saved my starving stomach tonite most of the other places wouldnt even deliver to me because it was out of their way even offering a extra tip on top of the delivery charge.
this pizza didnt even take long to get to me and filled me up, after waiting two hours from another pizza guy to get here i will never order from angelinas pizza again...thank you papa johns

I give this location zero stars, for the total lack of convenience!
My husband ordered and paid for our pizza online.
Now, tell me why, when I went to pick it up, the dippity-do-da idiot wouldn't let me pick it up?
My husband had to show them the credit card and license.
What if he was invalid and couldn't get out of bed, what then?
Never going there again!

