Lash out is amazing!
I am absolutely in love with my lash extensions.
Kate is certified and is a perfectionist and makes sure your lashes are exactly the way you want them.
She uses top of the line mink lashes and you can even get a few different colors to bring your eyes out.
I got some green put in mine and it really made my brown eyes pop!
She is extremely affordoable compared to other salons that offer lash extensions because lashes are all she does.
I totally love how I don't have to wear mascara anymore no more black smudges under these eyes!
Go to lash out and you won't be disappointed!

Highly recommend Lash Out!
Kate is professional as well as affordable, I've been getting my lashes done for over 2 years and she is by far the very best!
I'm constantly getting complimented on how amazing my lashes look!

Kate has done my lashes a few times now, she does an awesome job and my eyes look AMAZING!
I have seen a few different lash ladies, at various boutiques and spas and none have done as great of a job as Kate.
I am asked all the time where I get them done.
The products she uses are high end but her prices are super reasonable.
I will ONLY go to Kate from now on.

The moment when you look in the mirror and the first thing you notice are your beautiful eyelashes you know your addicted.
I wanted to get extensions for a long time but never could make the leap.
For one I heard it pulls out your natural lashes.
Two, my eyelashes are already long but they are stick straight and no matter how hard I tried they never looked great unless I just curled them.
I didnt think you cou get extensions with straight lashes.
You can.... With my extensions now I don't have to curl them anymore and if I want a dramatic look ill add some mascara.
Sold!
Kate really loves what she does and it shows in her work.
I highly recommend going to Kate you will love your lashes I promise.

Kate is the best!
She does a great job and my lashes always look amazing.
It's obvious she takes pride in her work and loves doing lashes.
I never feel rushed when I'm there and she makes sure my lashes look as full as possible.
I'm so happy to have found such a professional and talented lasher.

Kate has done my lashes a few times and her work is excellent.
She is quick yet meticulous, and my lashes come out looking fabulous.
Thank you for all your hard work!

I am a virgin to lash extensions.
So I was hesitant but always loved false lashes when I had them.
After the reviews on yelp I decided to see Kate.
I am now addicted.
Love love love them.
Not all lashers are created equal.
So my advice to the ladies that want to get them....see Kate.
This is a residence but don't let that stop you.
Plus you are greeted by the two cutest doggies!

