Best Indian place in Vally for me!
Awesome curry and nice service.

The service is ridiculously slow.
The food is good if you can get them to bring it to you.
We went on a Monday for all you can eat dosas, but the service was so slow, we could only get about 1 dosa in a lunch hour.

Let me reveal a little about my identity before I talk about this restaurant.
I am from south India and pretty much grew up on dosas all my life and when I take my first bite I can rate it.
So do you agree I can review this place?
We went to this restraunt when we saw Monday unlimited Dosa offer (that's first time I heard).
Yes the offer is absolutely real.
So go ahead and attack.... Dosa fans.
Now coming to the quality in one single sentence...HANDS DOWN THE BEST DOSA IN USA-mark my words.
In my 9 years in this country no one served me this good DOSA ...Wow.
We had Andhra Kara Dosa (the spicy Dosa) and Rava dosa.
Chutney, aloo and sambar are served with your Dosa.
Do not trust 1 start reviews and miss this place my friends...  Service was very good and the owners are very passionate about serving great quality food.
To non-Indian friends (yelpers) if you are bored having same Indian buffet its time to expand your taste buds into this Dosa world and this is the place try authentic South Indian food .
The place serves much more than Dosas but we tried only Dosa this visit.

Great Indian restaurant!
We tried their unlimited dosa offer and it was real!
Andhra Lara dosa was great!

Great Indian restaurant!
We tried their unlimited dosa offer and it was real!
Andhra Kara  dosa was great!
Mondays unlimited dosa's....

Best lunch buffet I've had in the valley.
It's hard to find a good mix of North and South Indian cuisine, but this buffet did a good job of it.
The chicken biryani, butter chicken, dosa, naan, palek paneer, vada and kheer were all excellent.
On top of that, all the dishes actually packed a decent amount of spice, which is rare.
All that for $8.99, and you have a winner.
My tummy tells me that I'll be returning soon!

Too many name changes in too short a time.
Good decor now but food...well there's much better in the valley.
Weekend lunch buffet spread was limited in terms of salads and dessert.
And of the curries, only 1 or 2 were good, others were definitely passable.
Server was friendly but that's cause we knew him from his previous two stints at two other restaurants in the valley.
Naan and masala dosa - part of the buffet, were good.
The chicken tikka appetizer was super dry and the sweet vermicelli was spoiled - the milk had curdled.
Overall, definitely passable.
Not going back for sure.

Great Indian food!
Ive eaten here for dosa Mondays and for the buffet on the weekend.
The food is flavorful and spicy.
The decor is nice and talking to the owner was a pleasant experience.
I highly recommend this place if you like good Indian food at a reasonable price.

Went there for dinner on a Tuesday night.
They were running specials - unlimited Chaat + Biryani + 1 Dosa for like $9.
The food was pretty good.
We tried all the four Chaat they had and the chicken biryani.
Chicken tikka dosa was really good too.
The server Aayesha was friendly and prompt with the service.
The owner seemed like a nice guy and chatted with us for a few minutes.
Will definitely visit again.

Went last week for unlimited biriyani and chat.
I liked the samosa chat which had the right spice.
Even liked the chicken biriyani.The chicken was tender and well cooked.Icing on the cake is you get everything unlimited incuding one dosa for $9.
Would defnetly recommended this restaurant.
Also the manager was very cordial and would defnetly visit the restaurant again.

Very bad service.
Total disappointment after waiting for a biriyani more than an hour and later they say no food.
No value for the customer's.
Chats were yuck, dosa's are good.
Chicken biriyani is 1/4 th quantity of what other restaurant's serve.
I dont see why they say unlimitted dinner buffet when they can give us only one serving.
If you think you would be really hungry please be at Nasha at 5pm to get 2 servings of food at 9pm.

= =  TUESDAY THRU THURSDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= =  Ok, Yelp won't steer me wrong.
Is this place good?
No, it's 1 Star!
Worst restaurant in the world!
:-(( No, it's 5 Stars!
Best Buffet in the world!
Beats Bacchanal in Vegas!
:-)) No, it's 1 Star!
Worst food in the world.
Even the rats won't eat it     :-(( No, it's 5 Stars!
The rats are anybody giving this great place a low rating!
:-))  I love trying a place like this!
(My next one is Lin's in Glendale where I gave it 4 Stars & everyone since me has given it ONE!
)     :-O  Ok, so this Indian Buffet moved into the space formerly occupied by Matka Indian Cuisine which had a few issues but pulled 4 Stars from me with its positives.
Before that it was disaster case Bawarchi where the host chose to yell at us & argue about his room temperature food at the hot tables!
:-O  Here's what I thought of this controversial new restaurant after eating here today:  YES, THERE WERE SOME NEGATIVES:  *  I've seen Buffets with way over 100 items throw the doors open to me, their first customer ever, and pull off a perfect presentation!
(China City Avondale & China Olive Sun City come to mind.
)  This place has been open 3 months, yet had "first day" problems, such as not having the food out 'til 11:30 when they're supposed to be open & ready to go at 11!
On top of that, these guys are only trying to put out 18 items!
They need to change the Web site & the hours on the door if they want to open at 11:30!
*  The Rasam was greasy & only lukewarm!
(Same problem with this place 2 owners & names ago!
)  *  The Sambhar was also only lukewarm!
(Otherwise it would have been very good.
)  *  Only 18 food items is passable for an Indian Buffet, but not lots of empty trays where there should have been SALAD items or SOMETHING.
Empty trays are a no-no at a buffet unless they are on a separate serving table way off from the others, such as during lunch hours at China Town Buffet in Tempe.
Now I don't give only 1 Star to a business unless it's REALLY BAD, so it's 2 for this one & we're out of here, right?
Well yes, but then again, NO, because...   *  The staff was friendly.
*  The dining room is nice & has comfortable seating including well-placed booths.
The room temperature was right and the obligatory Bollywood TV was turned low enough.
*  There were some tasty foods:  The Chicken Fried Rice (Indian Style?
)  The Hot Garlic Naan brought to the table.
The Carrot & Capsicum Curry  The Dal Tapka   AND, some VERY TASTY foods:     :-))  The Butter Chicken!
The Chicken Curry!
The Bhindi Masala!
The Mango Custard!
SO, we see that this place is a mixed bag & difficult to rate.
With a reasonable Tuesday through Thursday Lunch Buffet price of $7.95 I thought it was "A-OK" overall.
They just need to tighten up their act (as did Bobby at Indian Paradise in Scottsdale, where he whipped his place up from 2 Stars to FIVE after a little feedback!).
:-)

Poor service, reheated food- never again!
We wanted to order dosas but the dosa maker was out.
Then our meal arrived with cold flat pooris and reheated package bhatooras.

Their buffet will be A la carte started on Jan 2014

I just noticed that another Indian restaurant was open at the same location as 2 previous failed attempts.
Apparently the 3rd time is the charm because this is a winner.
We did take out so can't speak to the buffet but the food was fantastic.
We way over-ordered but wanted to try a lot of things and they were all great.
The Samosa's were smaller than usual but there were 4 instead of 2 so they were fun to eat and tasted great.
Next we had their signature Goat dish, Laal Maas.
Goat by nature is a bony dish but this was much leaner than usual and the sauce was complex and perfectly spiced.
We also had the Rogan Josh.
Again, the meat was lean, tender and tasty with a perfect sauce.
Not seeing our favorite, Channa Masala, we tried the Delhi Matka Chole which was delicious.
The chickpeas were cooked just enough and spiced well.
The Konan Gobi (Cauliflower) was also very tasty.
We also had a side of Raita and a bread basket which is a mixture of 3 breads that were moist yet not greasy.
Finally, the rice was also flavorful and a great accompaniment to the sauces.
We will be back.

Went for the lunch buffet.
Nice decor, and really lovely dishes and set up for the buffet.
The server was friendly and quick to bring me my water.
Sadly the positives end there.
The options for the food weren't anything to get excited about, with many of the hot dishes sitting empty.
The butter chicken I had was tasty, but the chicken tikka was dry (they used chicken breast).
Also, they had a delicious zucchini dish but it was barely lukewarm when it should have been hot.
The garlic naan was very good but it took a long time for them to bring it to the table (I appreciate that they want to make it fresh but when you're half way through your meal by the time it comes it's a little too slow).
The shocker came with the bill.
$10.99 for the lunch buffet.
Really?
For limited options and not that amazing of food, kind of a disappointment.
There are plenty of really awesome Indian lunch buffets that are $8.99 that I will be going to instead (I know it's only $2 but it just wasn't that great).
Meh.

This is probably the best Indian Food in the Valley!
Two times in less than a month for Dinner and both times have been Amazing!
The Chef walks up to ur table with the food- which is unheard of at Indian Restaurants!
He certainly seems passionate about the food he serves.

Food is very bad.i am seek last night .dont go thear is to bad food not at all good the tast is salty nan,food is 0

Wednesday night dinner with the wife.
Chicken Vindaloo with basmati rice and naan.
Mmmmm delicious!
Best in town and the Hot chai tea is a perfect compliment to the spicy vindaloo.

The restaurant is under new management (as of late 2013, I believe).
The ridiculously slow service is solved by a well-stocked buffet.
The food on the buffet was all fresh with lots of vegetarian options for people who are into that.
The naan is made fresh and brought to the table after you sit down.
Unfortunately nothing was particularly great.
It was good, just not something I would go out of my way for.

This place is awesome!
We went in with our kids (age 6 & 8), and had a wonderful experience.
The chef even came out to talk with us about what the kids liked, and he made a dish specifically for them - above and beyond, in my opinion.
The food was delicious - we had lamb vindaloo, chicken masala, the mixed bread basket, and a chicken dish for the kids.
Our kids also had a mango/yogurt drink that they loved.
The waitress even gave them a sample of another such drink from the menu so they could try it too.
We love this place - highly recommend it!

First and probably only time I will post on Yelp but I felt I needed to write a review on this place.
First off I had eaten at this place once before and the food wasn't half bad.
Today My daughter, my girlfreind, and myself drove to eat here again and was about to get a table when the manager has the hostess tell us that they were closing .
Well it was 2:20 pm so apparently they do not honor their 3pm close time, the guy was rude about it as well.
Didn't say sorry for the inconvenience or apologize,  and there were still people eating inside as well.
I am disappointed this happened but hey there are plenty of other places to go.
Don't support businesses that don't have respect enough to apologize because they are closing almost an hour early .

