Very nice samosas and garlic naan freshly prepared.
Next I will try the lunch buffet.
It's nice to have a good Indian restaurant round the corner!

Loved their "mutton curry with bones".
It was tender and delicious.
Also loved the "Kerala Paratha" that the owner recommended.
(The later is not in their menu.
) Will go their again.

This place was quite the surprise.
Delicious!
We ate both vegetarian dishes and the Bitter Chicken.
Cabbage and peas are tasty!
The owner was helpful and friendly.
He offered us advise on Indian Cuisine.
We will return.
Our bellys are full of delicious, healthy food!
Try it out!

wow, we're going to be eating more Indian after finding Curry Garden.
I got carryout once.
Very good value, great food.

Sometimes it's nice to get Indian to go and watch a good movie at home to get the weekend started.
God, I really don't sound like the childless 20-something that I am.
I ordered Shahi Paneer (easily the BEST paneer I've ever had, taste and texture-wise) and it was so delicious.
My husband ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and said it was the best he has ever had.
I also loved their rasmalai which, again, had the perfect texture and flavor.
We've been going to another Indian restaurant for years (a 20-25 minute drive) but have recently been underwhelmed by the food.
I decided to try this place and I'm so glad that we did.
Not only is it great, it's just around the corner from our house.
Bonus!

Eating at the lunch buffet now.
Great food, friendly staff!
Great place for vegetarians.
On my first trip to the buffet, I filled my plate and without realizing none of it contained meat.
The prices are also very reasonable.

Saw the new restaurant when we were driving on Elliot last week and thought we would give it a try.
Biggest mistake!
The food and service both were bad.
The food was very bland and absolutely had no taste(not even good amount of salt!).
We asked for a couple of dishes and both were not available ('cause they ran out of ingredients).
The dishes we ordered (Navratan korma) did not taste as it should.
Looked like some frozen vegetables were cooked with pre-made masala (spices), and needless to say it was tasteless too!
We ordered Veg Pulav and it was mainly peas.
And we had quite a bit of food leftover (from appetizer), and the guy never asked for boxes, just took the food out!
Would never go there again!
And oh, the water tasted funny too!

= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  Yay, happiness is a new Buffet!
:-))  So I stopped in to this little place today & found a smallish 17-item Buffet, counting salad items but not sauces & dressings.
Lunch started with some piping hot, THIN Garlic Naan brought to the table.
Loved it!!
Then it was on to salad with Raita dressing, Curried Chicken with bone, Tandoori Chicken, Yellow Dhal, Butter Chicken, Vegetable Korma, Aloo Mutar, Channa Masala, Basmati Rice, & a rice dessert that I failed to write down the name of.
It was a little cold in there and the bathroom was out of paper towels but the dining room is nice, the service was friendly & all of the food delicious!
Good pricing too, at $7.99.
:-)

Ordered Lamb Curry with  8/10 Spicy to go.
waited a good 10-15 mins as what to be expected for lamb curry made from scratch.
The taste?
top notch very flavorful thick curry with chunks of meat.
Def will come again for the Indian food craving.

Excellent food.
Any of their curries is delicious.
I specially enjoy their lamb curry.

Love this place.
The food is so flavorful and tasty.
I recommend the butter chicken veg korma and/or chicken korma.
Plus can't forget the naans.
My fav food place.
The staff is very personable.

First time here and the food was delish.
We had tikki masala, chicken curry and palak paneer.
Next time we'll skip the chicken curry and double up on the masala - it was super yum.
I don't care for palak paneer in general - but this had a really nice deep rich spiced flavor.
Garlic Naan was very good - and the rice comes with the food (and extra for $.99 - not the $3-4 for rice some places charge).
They said the veggie korma came with brocolli - which I can't eat - so I didn't get to try one of my favorite things - time to find a new favorite thing!
Don't expect fancyness or great decor - but that's ok - delish food and the silly quirky new waitress made up for it.

Terrible food really.
The chicken biryani tasted more like a desert than main course.
Was full of fennel seeds, cashew nuts and raisins.
Kadhai paneer that my husband ordered had no flavor at all.
Needless to say we had a hard time finishing our meals.
Taste seems more catered to white folk who usually favor a low level of spice.
Not recommended if you want to taste real Indian food.

It's been a couple of weeks since we had dinner at Curry Garden but I promised myself I'd eventually write a Yelp because this little restaurant was such a delightful surprise and deserves some more fans.
Husband and I shared two vegetarian entrees which arrived quickly, hot, and exactly as we ordered.
Sometimes you just can't get the Indian restaurants to go easy on the hot peppers.
We asked for something between mild and medium and that's what it was.
The waitress was a perky young woman who offered good suggestions and an upbeat attitude.
The roti was perfectly made and there was enough to take some home for another day.
We'll be back!

Wow the best Lamb Korma I've had!
Third time dining and we loved it!
The owner was cheerful and informative.
We shall RETURN!

Very fresh and tasty.
We were pleasantly surprised at the taste and quality of the food at this unassuming locale.
Thoroughly enjoyed the Samosa Chaat, Spinach Lamb and Chicken Tikka.
Good sized portions.
Good service.

Absolutely loved!
Looked up on yelp, read great reviews and tried it out!
Thanks for the great service Meghan and to the chefs.
..keep up the great work.
We'll be back!

Wanted to hit up a new Indian food place and decided on the Curry Garden.
At first glance, the inside is not exactly glamorous but again it's about the food right?
I ordered the Paneer Tikka Masala, Bhatura, and Garlic Naan.
It was delicious!
There was plenty of Paneer in the dish (deliciously fresh) and the sauce was great.
The Bhatura was made very well, but make sure you eat it when it's hot (so good for dipping).
The Garlic Naan was good as well, with a generous amount of Garlic.
All in all this place had great food and service, although the design inside was not great, it was clean.
Look forward to coming to this place again if I need my Paneer fix :).

The layout inside is different, pretty small so may not be ideal for larger groups...but let's be real, I was trying it alone & liked having one of the 3 or 4 booths alone (don't worry, I wasn't being a booth hog, the place was empty aside from myself & one family).
I had the chicken vindaloo "medium spicy" and got chicken tikka masala to-go for the boyfriend.
My vindaloo portion was huge, enough for two.
But my boyfriend's order seems a little skimpy.
My only complaint (as far as flavor) is neither order was spicy enough.
Next time maybe I'll ask for "full-on" spice and see how that goes, eek!
The family behind me ordered chicken skewers and the smell was ah-mazing!!
I would definitely like to try that in the future.
Just the smell had my mouth watering, imagine the taste bud party after actually eating it.
Closed Mondays, whaaat.

I found Curry garden by driving pay and saw the sign, decided to give it a try,  good Indian food is hard to find.
The place was small but nice and very clean, lunch buffet was small as well but very good.
Service was excellent.
Will definitely be back again

I love indian food, let's get that clear right now.
I like my food spicy and delicious.
I found both qualities at Curry Garden.
The staff was extremely friendly, she waited on us hand and foot, she even asked me how I wanted the lemons for my water cut !!
This may seem overbearing, but after we got our food she told us she didn't want to crowd us, so just to flag her down if we needed anything.
AMAZING SERVICE!!
the food was breath-taking.
I took one bite and my boyfriend was concerned for my sanity.
I let out a full groan.
Semi-embarrassing, but I couldn't help it!!!
I can't go back soon enough.
Definitely obsessed.

Good food, restaurant is very small , but that didn't really matter.
I liked the food  and the service was ok.
The reason for 3 stars is I truly felt like they were overpriced.
I wasn't impressed with the menu prices , especially compared to other Indian restaurants.
May possibly do a take out in the future but not really sure.
Overall , the quality of the food was pretty good though

By far the worst customer service I have ever received.
I was in the mood for Indian and so I called to put the order in and got the price etc, and while I was on the phone putting the order in my wife said she wanted to have Indian food later in the week so I called in a couple days after and the same guy(most likely the owner) answers the phone and may have recognized my number from the caller ID and says, "do you want to place an order or cancel and order" in a very smart*** rude tone.
I was shocked that he would say such a thing without knowing that I forgot my wife was fasting so I cancelled my order the same time I had ordered it.
I am a customer, I respectfully cancelled my order before the cool started preparing it so that I can order at a later time when my wife and I can both try the new spot.
The owner continued to say that I was cheap and that his prices are reasonable when that's not even the reason I cancelled.
For him to jump to such a conclusion and talk to a customer is completely uncalled for.
I let him know that his business won't survive if he treats his customers so horribly.
His food may be great, but when operating an eating establishment your customer service counts too.
I can't speak for the food but based off the service, it seems like I horrible place.
There's better 1 more away with better service.
Take your business there.

My family and i were very excited to try Curry Garden.
Unfortunately I got a peak back in the kitchen.
Not very sanitary to say the least.
It's too bad because this place was recommended by people we dine with all the time.
I was unimpressed to say the least.

Kerala food available here !!!!
Off the menu though and call to confirm!!!
Tried the mutton with the bone and it was fantastic!
The Kerala chicken curry prepared for that day also good!
bit of a wait for food though but worth it.

Let me start by saying that I think the food is two stars, but I rated this establishment as a three star place due to the price of the luncheon buffet.
Very reasonably priced at $7.99; with a drink, still under $10.
But a couple of criticisms-they open at 11 am and I went for lunch at about 11:20 and they were not ready.
WTH?
If your opening time is 11 am, then you should be ready to begin service at that time.
Also, they had some nice salad material on the buffet but no salad dressing.
The owner said he didn't have time to make it.
Again, not a good thing.
They only had two meat offerings -- both chicken.
One was the standard tandoori chicken which was mediocre at best, and the other was some kind of stewed chicken.
The other offerings were all vegetarian.
The chick pea dish was good and tasty.
But the vegetarian curry was not very good.
The vegetables were overcooked and mushy.
The lentil dish was very tasty but not enough actual lentils that provided texture and "bite" -- the dish was more like a pea soup.
No naan bread but white rice was on the buffet.
All in all, it was OK, especially for the price.

We mainly do pick up orders from this place.
Our boys don't care for the food so every now and then we would order for ourselves.
The chicken tiki Marsala is delicious and the sauce.
We always like to get the garlic naan.
We would like to try the place during lunch to try other varieties.
The place is small but has good service.

Delicious!!!
I love Indian food (actually I love most food), but I don't do very well with really spicy foods.
Hubs and I found this place on Grub Hub and thought "what the heck, we'll give it a whirl.
"  And once we started, we can't stop.
We order from this place nearly every week!
Everything we've ordered has been absolute perfection.
We can specify the level of spiciness (so I don't die) and the only, and let me emphasize ONLY, downfall is there is a bit of a wait for the food.
But, it's so worth it that it doesn't even warrant subtracting half a star.
:)  We've tried many menu items, but our favorite is the Palak Paneer.
Most places you have to really dig to find those yummy little cheese cubes.
Not here!
This is stuffed to overflowing with fantastic little bites.
Also, the cucumber sauce is to die for!
I could eat that cold and plain as a soup almost!
In fact, I did one night.
The restaurant is small, but always very clean and the owner/staff have always been super-friendly.
This place is a little gem in Chandler and I will definitely be back for more!

