So glad this store opened not too far from where I've recently moved.
I like this branch on E. Thomas Road for the same reasons that I like the store's other branches in north Phoenix when I lived in that area: low prices, with lots of bargains at any given time; a good variety of tools and gadgets for home & garden improvement as well as for gifts; friendly staff; lots of parking.

Great new store!
Was shocked to see that this new store just opened so close to our house...and happy.bought some casters for $6 each for some work benches at our shop..they are probably the best ones I've used....glide like Ikea shopping carts nice!
Seem like good quality too.not everything that is cheap is bad you just have to know what to look for...harbor frieght is a great place for at least some of your tool/hardware needs.

Down the road a bit from my home, but a cool place that exudes testosterone.
The ladies go to clothing stores, men go to Harbor Freight.
This place is all about tools and man-toys.
This is not the high-end mall, yer not gonna find Porter-Cable, Milwaukee, Craftsman or DeWalt here.
Instead, it seems the store brand is Chicago Electric.
I mean, this store sits right next to a "Big Lots" - and fits right in.
Prices are quite reasonable.
I got a flyer for the grand-opening which gave me both a six-piece screwdriver set for free, and 20% off of anything I buy - except for a laundry-list of stuff, which boiled down to almost anything I would want to buy.
The nice thing about Harbor Freight is that they've got a wide assortment of discount-priced tools and accessories.
If you are not name-brand conscious, this place will rock your socks.
I went mostly for the experience, and returned with a free set of screwdrivers and a nice little 12v 100psi air compressor.
I'm stoked.

Ok this store is part of a chain.
A chain that has really been pushing itself hard for the last 5 years or more.
It is right by a Big Lots.
To me that is what I feel like I am getting when I walk in here.
It is all Big Lots type stuff.
It has a very distinct smell when you walk in.
One I do not like at all.
All the tools are made in China and shipped here.
Sure they have lots of items but, if you are doing a constution job of working on a car,then good luck.
Because, you have many tools that just break in the middle.
When they first opened up I would go here with my Brother and we bought our fair share of the stuff.
But, one thing after another would bread for us.
So I just stopped using them.
I came here this time with a friend who wanted to check them out.
They are cheap, but from now on, I do not buy anything here.
It is just going to break.

The next best thing to a new Buffet in town?
That's easy, a new Harbor Freight!
:-)  So I whipped in here today for some needed vinyl gloves for working with paints, weed killer & so on around the house.
The usual price is about half of everybody else for the ones I use, $4.99 for a box of 100.
Lo, today they were on sale for $4.29!
Lo again (LoLo?
), I had a -25% coupon, so now we're down to $3.21 for a $10 box of gloves.
That's how it is with Harbor Freight & these guys are my exclusive source for everything they carry.
5 STARS?
OF COURSE!
:-))

Big, ultra bright, clean, virtually brand new store adjacent to an unusually big Big Lots store on the east end of an otherwise seemingly past it's prime shopping plaze now otherwise anchored by an El Super market, and perhaps stretchable to include a Fry's just a bit down past the west end.
This is biggest Harbor Freight store I've ever seen.
Wide aisles.
Plenty of parking.
it's just a sort of neat place to poke around in now and then to see if you can find anything useful, and there's always something useful in there, a tool geek's heaven of made-in-China cheap home and shop tools, and other stuff for the do-it-yourselfer and tradesman (or "tradesperson" for the sensitive set).
And to give credit, the last thing I bought for myself in there was a brand-I've-heard-of, made-in-the-USA auto battery charger that was an absolute steal.
I'm not sure all the cheap off or no-brand tools, electric or hand tools are a steal in the customer's favor, but the sign says "Satisfaction Guaranteed", and at least at one of the other local HF stores where I've made a few returns (not due to any defect in the goods), the returns  were hassle free.
An A-OK useful place + a bonus star for this big, bright, clean store bringing a bit more life back to this location.

I have loved this place prior to trying to exchange a tarp that had torn after the first use.
Cashier had said grab another one and we will exchange.
After taking the tarp up to the counter I was told that the tarp wasn't a manufacturer default, it was the user's fault.
I had had my other tarp for over 8 years and this one couldn't last one trip.
Now I know the exchange policy, or do I?

Very good prices for the items I need.
Not the best quality, but for the cost, their items get the job done.
Good customer service.

