I went to Spa Mio because a friend from work referred me and told me that locals get a 25% discount.
Which makes the salon very normal pricing.
I had Tristann as my stylist and I loved her!
She was fantastic!
She's been doing hair for over 10 years and was amazing!
All I got this time was a normal hair cut but next time I go back ill get some color and highlights.
The salon itself was luxury, five star salon with a spa connected, with any salon service you get free entry to the spa.
It has hot tubs and saunas and lounge area.
It was a great day trip to the strip.
Totally worth the drive!!

I LOVE this spa!
Best spa in Vegas!
Beautiful atmosphere, great spa dining menu.
The facility is always clean and the decor is modern/chic.
I've never had a bad experience.
They also have great deals for Locals.

This is a really beautiful spa.
My sister and I went and did just s day spa pass.
The only negative we had was our spa attendant was rude.
We grabbed some of there "complimentary" drinks and then she said to us are you going to drink all those?
And then stood on top of us while we showered and then got ready.
She was super rude.
But the spa itself is great.

My sister lives locally and goes to Mio pretty frequently cause her house is so close to the M Resort.
So my mom, her and I decided to go to there to get pedicure as we have in past.
We are so disappointed and WONT be going back ever again.
You would think a nice hotel like the M would deliver great service at such a nice spa but it does not at all.
Do not ever get a pedicure there!
They shove you out the door and rip you off.
My sister signed us up for 80 minute Spa pedicure.
It was confirmed as well with the front desk when we checked in.
We were so excited to go in and kick our feet up and relax.
First off, we were right on time and sat and sat for about 15-20 min in the lobby before we were called back.
We get back to the chairs to get ready  We are thinking we are going to get the added on time because THEIR STAFF was late getting us back!
NOPE......It was the quickest pedicure we have ever had!
There was no foot massage, no taking the time to clean our nails, or even use all the lotion and stuff she had at her station!
They spent maybe 5 min filing our nails.
Everything was sooo FAST and I was thinking OK they have to be rushing or they will slow down...BUT NOPE!
Also when it was time for the techs to do the warm wraps around our feet  we sat for about 20 min while the techs went and chatted away a storm in the back.
We all three were looking around wondering if they had forgotten about us.
By the time they came back the washcloths were cold.
They drained the water, and put our polish on.
I was done in about 40 minutes, my mom 50 and my sister 55.
Talk about a rip off.
We signed up and were charged for a 80 minute spa pedicure!!!
We got a crappy and short pedicure instead that was probably worth about $20.00.
I'm shocked because I feel like they almost tried to con us but luckily we said something.
I sure hope whoever is the manager of that spa pays attention to their techs ripping people off.
Do they need timers to make sure they deliver the right time and lessons on how to give a real good pedicure.
I mean come on you work at a nice hotel.
We walked out of there with feet untouched but polished but could have polished at home instead.
Do not let them fool you in to paying that much for NOTHING.
What a scam!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your better off doing it yourself or going to a better spa with people that don't con you.
Oh and also if you want to relax you wont even with a crappy job cause they chat and chat and chat the whole time.
I tried to block out the laughing and gossip but couldn't.
SO DISAPPOINTED.

Great experience.
I had an appt for a partial highlight with Tristann, she was fabulous.
Included with the salon service you get free access to the spa.
Awesome spritzers, jacuzzis, and ammenities were amazing!!!
Finally found a permanent salon in Vegas after 4 yrs.

This spa is amazing!!
Forbes Four Star all the way!
Staff is wonderful, extensive menu, very high end- highly recommended!

I visit salons all over the US & this is at the top of my list !!!!
The staff is awesome.

