This is definitely the nail shop to go to whether you live in Vegas OR Henderson!
It's located right off 215 & Stephanie in the Fresh & Easy parking lot.
Upon entrance, you're greeted by the owners (always a plus!
) & all you see is a gorgeous room with aesthetic colors & furniture!
It's not your "typical" salon with bulky leather massage chairs.
Instead they have comfortable, white fabric arm chairs.
While getting a manicure, you sit on a velvety soft & comfortable decorative chair.
They also offer coffee (Keurig), snacks & beverages to their clients.
Jenny, the owner, did a classic mani/pedi on me.
She was gentle, easy to talk to & didn't pressure me into any "add-ons" like you get at most shops.
My absolute favorite feature (because I'm somewhat of a germophob) is the way their conduct their pedicures.
They don't use sinks!
They use bins with DISPOSABLE liners.
I have never been to a shop that does this!
They truly care about their clients.
If this review made you wanna check it out, tell them Christine Bancod referred you!

I'm always looking for good nail salons and this place opened up right near my work so I thought I'd try it out ... And SO glad I did.
The decor was amazing inside, met both the owners, they were super friendly and on top of the fantastic customer service they did an amazing job on my mani!
I will definitely be frequenting this location!!

The nail room is the one of the best & prettiest nail salons I've ever been to....
Most nail salons never have a dark enough pink I like for my pink and white but they do!!!
They have so many colors and glitter to choose from.
They also have the flared duck feet tips which I love & I cannot find anyone who does them.
Jenny the owner did my nails & she did an amazing job.
I will never go to another salon again!!

Second time visit with The Nail Room was fantastic!
Michelle is some who has a personality and takes time to get to know her client !
My nails look fabulous and not only did she take her time to get to know exactly what I wanted , she suggested designs that would better suit my nails !
I will recommend everyone I know to go see her!
I know I will be seeing her every 2 weeks :)

My dentist happened to be close to The Nail Room so I found this place by accident.
What a find!
The decor is so cute and modern, different then I'm use to.
They have glittered floors that make you feel like a superstar when you walk on it.
The salon is not like a normal local (chop shop) salon its much Cleaner and nicer looking.
Initially I came in for just a manicure but they had so many gel colors I had to go with the gel manicure, they even put some cute designs on my nails which I never had before.
I got to meet the owners they are a very cute couple and are very nice and personable and made me feel comfortable, not to mention they had drinks and snacks which was very impressive to me.
I found my new Nail salon!!

I have really enjoyed the couple of experiences I have had a nail room so far and look forward to being a frequent customer.
The lounge is clean and modern.
Services are appropriately priced for the high quality they provide.
And don't forget look at there clothing line while you are waiting for your appointment.

So, I came into town when I was visiting family around New Years and my sister has been ranting about The Nail Room, so I had to check it out & see if she was crazy or knows what's up.
Man, she knows what's up!
First impression, the decor is so beautiful, you can tell a lot about the owner(s) when you walk into their business, and The Nail Rooms decor really says how proud the owner(s) are & I love that!
We arrived and didn't wait long, despite the fact we didn't have an appointment (A+), we were seated in very comfy chairs for our pedicures, far superior than those big, oversized, somewhat awkward massage chairs found in the run-of-the-mill nail salons.
Anyways, we were seated in our comfy chairs and I'm a stickler for cleanliness (in case you couldn't tell from earlier in my review), but I couldn't help but notice that cleanliness is a strongpoint if The Nail Room, each clients soaker has it's own liners.
Cleanliness- check, great prices- check, awesome staff- check.
Happy to say I was so relaxed & thoroughly pleased with my pedicure, now I know why my sister goes on & on about this place!
I would too!
Only downside- I wish I could pick this place up and move it to my hood.

We went in yesterday, and the total was $56 with a 20% discount, for a gel manicure with two stamps, and a regular manicure with two 3D art pieces.
I had Nina, who did my gel, and my daughter had Jenny who did her regular manicure.
Both were amazing and we love the results!!
The salon was also very chic and looks just like the photos.
Wish they had a few more nail colors, though.
But no complaints!

Finally after 7 months of living in LV I found a nail shop that I'm completely IN LOVE WITH.
Not your typical salon set up.. Super modern and chic.
Nina did an amazing job && they even offer 20% off your first visit!
Very organize and clean and all the techs are super nice and make you feel right at home.
I'm more than pleased at the way my nails turned out and look forward to going back in 2 weeks.
Thanks Nina & The Nail Room!

Love this place!
Will never go anywhere else ever again!

Finally found my nail salon.
Nina did a great job with my White tips set.
She was patient and make sure i was happy with the length and shape of my nails.
I love the selection of the stones they have for the nails and that they are on a reasonable price.
The place is clean and nice,  and everyone was really nice.
They also have a nice waiting area with drinks and snacks.
Can't wait to go back and get  my refill and maybe some cute design from their picture catalog.
Also i loved that nina speak spanish!

It's been hard to find a good place to get my nails done, that is consistent and you don't feel rushed.
This is quaint new shop with beautiful esthetics.
Doesn't matter who does your nails - Jenny, Lori or Nina, they all do an awesome job!
I have not had any problem with my gels - amazing work every time.
I love the pedis too - they have big soft comfortable chairs to sit in.
This is a must try if you are in the Henderson area - if not, worth the drive.
Highly recommend!

Perfection.
Seriously.
I felt like a princess walking into this beautifully modern but inviting nail salon with glittery silver floors.
And I felt like a million bucks when I left!
I've never seen a nail salon with such welcoming decor.
It's usually the same office-like chairs and oversized, slightly uncomfortable massage chairs.
The furniture here is contemporary but so comfortable and welcoming.
I wanted to sink into those pedicure chairs but only had a manicure on my first visit.
The salon is SPOTLESS.
I was told that the pedicure tubs have their own disposable liners, which makes me feel so comfortable with how hygienic and clean this place is.
Jenny did my manicure and she was fabulous.
Very personable and so meticulous!
I chose a pink glitter polish but expressed concerned that it wouldn't be dark enough with two coats.
She initially tried and realized it wouldn't be, so she removed the polish and started over with a darker color for the first coat.
I so appreciated how hard she worked to make my manicure perfect!
My only complaints are that they are closed Mondays and Tuesdays (I've been meaning to come here for quite some time but, ironically, the only times I found myself available for pampering were on Mondays so I missed out for quite a few months... finally, when I was off on a Wednesday, I was able to make an appointment).
I'd also like a separate drying area for my nails.
I'm obsessive about making sure my nails are completely dry prior to leaving and I would literally sit for 40 minutes under the dryer if it meant they would be hardened and dry and I wouldn't ruin my lustrous new manicure!
LOL.
I can't wait to go back and get a pedicure next time!
If you go and you're a first timer, mention it for a one-time 20% off discount.
I so wish I had saved my first time for when I was doing more services.

Took my 10 year old daughter on Sunday after we tried to go to the local place by our house and they were closed.
She wanted gel polished nails and I desperately needed my tootsies done.
:)  Luckily this place was open.
Walked into a great surprise!
The guy at the front was so nice and welcoming...
I was a bit concerned about the prices since this place was NICE inside so I asked about the cost for a pedicure and gel for my daughter.
He graciously went through everything and even offered a 20% discount for being a new customer..
I later found out he was the owner which impressed me hugely.. most owners don't do the greeting and if they do, they usually aren't as humble.
The shop was decorated so shabby chic (hope thats the right description) and we loved it!
Super clean and they offered us drinks and snacks too.
What a nice treat.
I would recommend this nail salon and I think they should offer parties for little girls, and mommies too!!
We both got nail art and they lady doing them took her time and didn't rush...

Super cute salon, but so-so on the nail design.
5 out of 10 nails were crooked, and the paint was messy.
They didn't schedule my pedicure when I called.
They did have a no show and fit the girls in for a paint job that was super cute.
Hoping the next visit is better.

Went back to get my nails redone after they responded to my review and offered a re-do.
They were very professional and fair and did a much better job on my nails!
Lots of re shaping and a cute new nail design to match my pedicure.
I'll go back again ;)

I discovered this jewel on yelp.
The only nail shop with 5 star reviews, so I just had to see for myself.
The decor is beautiful.
Very modern-chic and you get the feeling that you are gonna get pampered!
Perfect place to have a girls mani-pedi day!
My nail tech Nina was very nice and personable.
I told her exactly what I wanted and I got itI made another appointment next week for my nails.
I hope they don't disappoint.
This could become my regular spot.

I'm from Phoenix but I come visit my mom in Henderson.
For the past couple years I been going to the local salons in the area when I'm in town.
I been disappointed because I haven't found one single salon in the area that I like and I tried them all.
I stumbled on the nail room from going to the ups store next door.
WOW is all I can say.
It's so pretty inside I was really taken by surprise when I walked in.
Everybody was so nice and welcoming.
I wanted to schedule a pedi but they were booked for a couple days so I had to come back which was fine I read the reviews on this place and I was excited to come back.
When I came in for my pedi I had kaitlynn do it.
She was very nice and didn't rush me at all she was very attentive to my feet and did a awesome job!
They offered me 20% off my first appointment.
I booked my mom to come in and they even gave me $5 credit for a referral.
They even offer a loyalty card which I would take advantage of but I don't live here.
So I just gave my card to my mom for her to use.
Clean, very pretty decor, personable staff, great work.
I will only come here when I'm in town.

Okay.
Ever since I seen this nail salon on Yelp a couple months ago I've been wanting to go.
I am so glad I went!
I tried to make an appointment on Mothers Day ON Mothers Day and of course they were booked.
(Which I wasn't upset about).
But the guy on the phone was so nice about it and offered an appointment for another day of my choice.
When I first walked in it was so inviting!
I love the chandeliers.
Perfect place for pampering.
I got the Sugar Rush Cupcake Pedicure.
It smelled so awesome.
Denise was my pedicure specialist and she gave my legs and feet a great massage!
She had the right amount of pressure on my feet and it didn't hurt at all.
She had a personality and we both rocked out to the music they had playing.
LOL.
I could listen to the music all day!
The whole ride home the sweet smell of the Sugar Rush pedicure filled and car and even 45 minutes later while I'm writing this review!
I will definitely be back for regular appointments.
Now they even offer walk ins but I would still recommend to make an appointment.
Tip: if you HAVE to have a chair that massages, these chairs don't massage.
But the whole experience makes you not even realize the chairs don't massage.
The sofa chairs are super comfy.

After many years of searching for a good nail place, I've found The Nail Room!
Located in the busy shopping center of Horizon Ridge and Stephanie!
Inside is amazing!
Such a nice, very clean, modern, and stylish place!
They have varieties of nail polish, gel polish, acrylics, styles, arts, decorations and gems to choose from!
They're the only place I know that can get it right when you try and show them a pic of a design you want!
The staff is great!
Always so helpful, attentive, and friendly!
My go-to is Jenny!
She does a really great job and gets everything to my liking!
I've also taken my mom here and she's impressed.. She's the type that likes the glitter and glam on the nails so that's definitely a plus!
Always happy with their services!

My name is chandan grewal and i took my mom inderjeet grewal to the nail room After a lot of research of searching for the perfect salon to take my mom to for mothers day I decided to bring her here after reading all the reviews.
I'm sure people have had a lot better experiences than we had here, but it was terrible.
I made an appointment for my mom about a week earlier we only had to wait about 15 mins it was all good and I was also planning on getting my nails done until my mom had them done.
It was terrible.
My mom isn't too worried about the nailpolish part of the mani/pedi, but she likes to have a really nice and elaborate flower or design on her nails.
She took her time on the pedi, but when we started talking about the nail art she kept handing us a binder with nail stickers on it!
We asked her if she could do the nailart with polish and she said ok. She asked me to show her a picture of the nail art we wanted, and I looked it up on my phone and showed her a simple nail art design made with a DOTTING TOOL!
She tried to do the simple design 2 times and failed I was getting tired and annoyed of her removing the polish and re-applying it.
I got annoyed and looked in the binder for a flower sticker we chose one and she applied the  flower sticker.
Did I tell you that they charge $3 for a stuiped flower sticker that looks no where near as good as a nailart design, and you could buy a box of them for $3 at walmart!
I spent $55 on my moms nails even though she thought they were ok i was very annoyed.
I could have done a better job at home instead of paying them $55 for the simple mani/pedi.
If you are willing to spend the money to get your nails done go to a better place that actually makes them look like you didnt do them at home.
I would have asked them for a refund, but i didnt want to ruin my moms mothers day present.

This will be my "go-to" nail salon from now on!
The place is clean, the decor is adorable, and the service is fantastic!!
They use a plastic lining in the pedicure bowls that is changed with each client....no more wondering if the bowl was cleaned after the last person!

The Nail Room is one of the first nail salons that gives the proper respect from all the other salons.
Their motivation, commitment, and the persistency to the company.
Overall my experience at The Nail Room overwhelmed me with much excitement and I'm looking forward to my next visit.

I recently moved to the area and have been looking for a nail place close by.
Let me just preface this by saying I am the type of customer who never goes into a business requesting extended services close to closing time.
That being said, I drove up at 3:55pm on a Sunday (their posted closing time is 5pm) I had planned a mani/pedi but with only an hour I thought I'd guage how many services to get once I walked in.
The place is pretty and well decorated.
It smelled nice and I was promptly greeted as I walked in.
The place was empty except for one customer getting a manicure and they were already painting her nails so it was safe to assume she was almost done with her manicure.
The lady who greeted me asked what I would like.
In the interest of time I decided to only get a pedicure and told her I would like a pedicure.
She looked at the clock, grimaced and said "oh, sorry...you wouldnt have enough time for a pedicure before closing"  I was floored.
An hour and 10 mins in an empty salon isn't enough time for a pedicure?
Did they send their staff home early?
Were they trying to close early?
Not sure...  Because of the reviews I was expecting a great experience.
Not the case!
I went across the street (Albertson's shopping plaza) to Nice Nails and got a mani/pedi and some much needed relaxation :-)  Not sure if I'll give nail room another try, didn't feel like they wanted my business....

I've been looking for a place that does hard gel nails for years.
Finally found it.
This place is clean, friendly and Denise did a great job!
Highly recommended.

I've been coming to the Nail Room ever since my old nail girl moved away.
I never been to a salon that's so consistent with every nail tech they have.
Kaitlynn, Lori, Nina they are all awesome and do awesome nail art!
What I like most about them is that they are all so personable.
Unlike some other salons where there is a communication barrier, I can carry on a conversation with the girls and its always a good time over there.
The salon itself is immaculate very clean, pretty decor grey and white colors make it seem so bright, shiny, and more upscale.
I been telling all my friends to come in and I been racking up a $5 credit for every person that comes in.
Its been a surprise every time I come in to find out one of the people I referred came in and I get a discount for my service.
Thanks Nail room for your amazing work and great customer sevice!

The first time I walked into the Nail Room I was very impressed just with the decor but of course, the "proof is in the pudding" as they say.
I had a pedicure done by Jenny and it was a great experience, she was gentle and really paid attention to detail.
Next time I decided I wanted hard gels for my nails and Nina was (and is officially now) my nail tech and she did a brilliant job and as I stated earlier, really paid attention to detail.
This place has a great vibe and everyone is friendly.
Another perk is you get 20% off your first visit and they give you a punch card and after your 10th visit you get a free nail service...how great is that?

I love this place!!!
They are really creative with nail art designs & such nice people with a great atmosphere.
Very professional, they really pay attention to detail & I never felt rushed once.
I recommended everyone to come if your in the Henderson area :)

