I was looking for a good sushi place in NW area.
AYCE is great, good selection of Nigiri, friendly servers, good atmosphere.

The food here was really good and the service was really quick too!
Since moving, was having trouble finding a new sushi place closer to home.
Little did I know it was literally right around the corner!
Very good food and great friendly service.

Really good sushi, great service and nice atmosphere.
First time in here and we'll go back.
We've lived all over the country and really enjoy finding a good sushi restaurant.
This is our new place in North Las Vegas!

Just finished eating at sushi tachi with my husband.
We got all you can eat, and the food was great.
We always get baked scallops because they are delicious!
I recommend getting a baked roll because most of them have baked scallop on top of them as well.
If you're feeling a little full but still want to snack, get the edamame, its really yummy.
The customer service here is wonderful!
I didn't catch our servers name, but my receipt says her name is 0001?
Lol She makes funny little jokes, which makes me want to come back.
The service was fast even though the entire place was packed.
Only one table open.
All in all this place was great!
It's the third time I've been here and its still good.
Oh and don't forget your frequent buyer card!

Not sure why they have 5 stars.
Not sure why they have 2 business listings with 2 different addresses when there's only 1 Tachi.
I've been coming to Tachi for years since this place is close to home.
The quality has declined over the years.
We would normally do AYCE but they also have a regular menu to order from.
Miso Soup: This is not the version that's made with love.
The soup is pre-made and the tofu pieces are so tiny.
1/5  Sushi/Sashimi: Sashimi isn't included in AYCE.
AYCE is about $24-26/person.
Or you can get sushi/sashimi combo starting at $10.
The quality of fish is inconsistent.
Sometimes the fish looks like it was cut using a butter knife.
Sometimes the fish is ice-cold.
2.5/5  Shumai: You can get these balls fried or steamed.
Shumai is meant to be dipped in soy/ponzu sauce but they don't give you sauce here.
3/5  Donburi: Katsudon, raw egg on top of rice with hot broth.
The hot broth cooks the raw egg so mix it all up as soon as the bowl touches your table.
This is a good dish, however, when my sister ordered this the last time, it lacked flavor.
They were not busy at all the last time we went so there's no excuse.
Another inconsistency?
3/5  Since the location is convenient and sometimes we just don't want to drive 10 miles to get good AYCE, I guess we will continue to come here and keep hoping we catch them on a good day.

I don't eat sushi but my boyfriend and I just moved to the area and we were looking for a new spot.
Came here and got a beef teriyaki bowl.
Delicious and filling.
He is loving all the sushi.
Service is good, but could be that there was only three other diners here.
We'll be back!
Only bad things: no jalepeno poppers, orgasm sauce, and the menu combinations on the rolls weren't that great.
Flavor was there.

What?
I'm so confused why this place has a high rating.
Decided to hit up this place in NLV cause I was chillin' with a fried.
We were starving.
We wanted fish.
We wanted some place close.
Had AYCE for lunch, it was about $26.
Nigiris are okay.
Fresh but the rice ratio.
Uh-uh, too much rice.
Rolls, you can order half.
Make sure you eat your rolls right away cause if you leave it out, it gets gross.
I'd come back but I really don't see the point of driving all the way to North town.

Sunday-Wednesday for $26.95 you get AYCE along w/ AYCD Hot Sake & Bud Light.
Do I REALLY need to say more???
Ok - you twisted my arm.
The meal was fabulous - the appetizers (I love green oysters), the rolls, the sake - everything was worth every penny.
My new "go to" rolls - Ay chi chi (this roll has habanero sauce on it!
) and any of the rolls w/ sliced lemon on them.
They do an incredibly thin slice of lemon - the slight hint of citrus really add something special that I haven't experienced at other sushi restaurants.
This is a bit out of the way for us, but again, we enjoyed the food so much we will definitely be back again...I'm not sure you can beat the value anywhere else in Vegas.
The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that the service could have been a little more attentive.
All of the servers seem to share all of the tables - which I guess in theory is great, but in practice I think they lose track of what tables they've attended to and which ones they haven't.
We did have to flag them down a few times to fill waters, sakes, and order more rolls.

Came here around 7pm, there was a 30-45 min wait so we decided to go to the bar!
this place was packed!!
Was a lil annoyed w the wait time to place an order but giving that it was very busy I understood.
As far as the sushi, they had a variety of rolls but not a lot in terms of cooked rolls ( or at least ones I was interested in).
The rolls were decent, the staff was slow but nice.
However, nothing wowed me  about this place to be completely honest..

Some days I just don't feel like driving far, but at the same time I don't want to cook.
Sushi Tachi is one of those limited restaurants in Aliante that I will go to.
I had been here once for their lunch special, so I decided to give it a try for dinner.
The value for food is good, for $10.95 you get teriyaki chicken, shrimp/vegetable tempura, california roll, miso soup, rice, cucumber salad, green salad.
This isn't the best food, but probably the best in this area.
I left extremely full and satisfied.
This place was relatively packed on a Friday night, so I'm guessing it's the go to spot for a lot of AYCE fans up north.
I would definitely return here for cheap meal, especially with the limited options in Aliante.

Absolutely love the food here!
My only complaint would be that when it's busy I feel like they get overwhelmed and everything kind of goes wrong with the order or it never comes out.
I always come when it's slow, then they're great!

Had a great time as always here!!
One of my favorite all you can eat sushi a bars in town!
If you haven't tried it you must!
Super friendly staff and shorter then normal wait times on everything!
Always have the freshest fish and mouth watering dishes.
Try the yellowtail collar one of my favorites

I love his place!
Employees and chefs are always nice and on top of it.
I go here often and haven't had a bad experience yet.
The all you can eat says 1 hour but we always stay longer and haven't been rushed out ever.
It also says  on certain days but we've gone in on everyday of the week and got the all you can eat deal.
It included all items on the menu even from the kitchen and bud light and saki.
You couldn't ask for more from a sushi bar!

We usually go to Sushi Tachi on Wednesdays to enjoy the all you can eat and all you can drink.
Our favorites are Gone with the Wind and Haru!

I went to sushi tachi on monday for my birthday.
I had never been there before.
Well to my surprise not only did they have all you can eat but that same price also included all you can drink hot sake and bud light.
The sushi was good and the service was great.
The only downfall was that my bf couldn't find a sushi roll spicy enough.
But since I don't care for spice ;) I'm giving them 5 stars!

The best sushi place for me by far in the northside.
Hope you guys get to try this place out.

I love this place!
All you can drink bud light!!
It  .
Is all u can eat and its yummy!
The chefs are also very friendly and funny

One of our two regular AYCE sushi places in town.
The service is always exceptional and the sushi is always tasty.
Sunday through Wednesday the AYCE includes Bud Light or house sake, if you like.
The special is ALWAYS the bomb.
Order a special roll every time you go (because if you try it, you'll be a regular too!

Went to Sushi Tachi with a friend for dinner.
He had the all-you-can-eat, which came with free bud light or saki and I ordered ala carte.
The sushi was good but not the best I have ever had.
I was satisfied with my meal and my friend liked everything he ordered.
They said there was a 60 minute limit on the all-you-can-eat but we were their about 90 minutes and he kept eating.
I would go back as it was close to my friends house.
Restaurant was clean and the staff was very friendly... Could have been a little faster bringing our sushi but overall had a good experience.

