Great sandwiches, and they were so fast I nearly did freak.
Unwich helping me keep it carb free!
Holler!

A restaurant can have a menu a mile long and do things well or it can have a small menu and o things GREAT.
Jimmy's is the ladder.
A simple menu done really well.
Basic ingredients that are fresh and tasty.
Fresh baked bread engulfs the most basic meats and cheeses with a little mayo, lettuce, and tomato.
The price is right too.
The large sandwich is under $6 and will satisfy you considerably more than your local Subway or Port of Subs.
Great personalities up front and truly the fastest service I have ever seen.
There were two people in line when I walked in the door and I walked out the door 5 minutes later with two sandwiches in my hand.
WOW, speed, service, and quality all in the same place.
Truly a triple threat.
Give it a try, you will happy you did.

I am really not a sandwich person but sometimes it's just a decent/cheap/easy lunch.
Met friends yesterday for lunch and really enjoyed my meal!
The service was good, the location is huge with plenty of seating, and the prices are fair.
The french bread was DELICIOUS (how people do those lettuce wraps when their bread is so freaking amazing I have no clue LOL), and the sandwich was packed with fresh ingredients.
I kind of customized a menu sandwich and they had trouble with my order (I asked for no tomatoes and they also left out the lettuce) so one star off until they fix the kinks.
But I'll definitely be back for lunch soon.

Best subs ever!!
I am really glad that they opened a location so close to me.
And when they say fast, they mean fast.
Usually my sandwich is done by the time I pay, get my chips and fill my soda.
And there is something in their bread that makes it amazing.

Scumbag move of the day goes to Jimmy John's store #2311 (9985 S. Eastern Ave #100).
Ivica and I left the office to grab a couple sandwiches, where, there was a homeless teenage kid with a tiny dog standing outside under the overhang (since it's raining heavily today).
Kid wasn't even asking for money (granted there was a sign on his suitcase that said "anything will help").
Well before I could buy the poor kid a sandwich, they had called Henderson PD on him, which, if anyone knows these cops, they'd probably arrest him and he'd never see his dog again.
Fortunately, I don't think they found him.
Bottom line - you're a collection of low life scumbags and I'll be damned if you ever get any of my (or my companies) business ever again.

Okay, so this place is okay but nothing to really rave about!
today, I had their #2, roastbeef with lettuce and tomato, minus the mayo.
Fast and friendly service, yes.... but two seconds after I paid the kid behind the counter.....
I said, do you have more than one bread ( before I ordered, I told him I never was here before), he says OH YEAH, I forgot to ask you what bread you wanted and tell you about the three choices and your sandwich is already done!
He actually said to me well, yours is done already but we have white, wheat and a wrap.
I wanted white anyway but what if I didnt?
would they have re done it?
apparently they type it in and IMMEDIATELY start it as soon as you order so after you pay the guy the thing is done, fast yes!
but I wish I was told I had a bread choice.
Napkins?
do they hide them??
LOL, me and another guy were looking, turns out it is BEHIND the counter where they hand you the sandwich, they did not give me any though with the order.
Chips/ Jimmy salted chips in the bag were good, kettle type potato chips.
I ordered a pickle, it was 1.25 extra but was fairly big and was a good pickle.
I think they need better value meals though because I paid over 9.00 for a pretty small sub, a small drink and a pickle and bag of chips.
I will go back but not on a regularly basis.
A bit overpriced but the food was good and fresh.

When they say fast delivery they mean it!
I ordered online & about 5 mins later my food was at the door!
So crazy to me lol I was thinking something had to be missing or something is wrong but no.
Everything was there, correct & delicious.
It is nice to have an alternative to the typical delivery foods (i.e pizza, thai, Chinese)    I will absolutely order from them again.
Their totally tuna is very fresh & a favorite of mine.
Also tried the beach club & was very happy with that selection.
Their cookies are pretty amazing too.
Did I mention how fast they deliver lol

Paid $9.13 for a .25c bag of chips .05c lrge cup that is very small.
And a sub sandwich I ordered large that is small anywhere else.
The sub was so little and easy to make it was finished before I could get my change.
I wont go back id rather pay $1 $2 nore and get a sub from capriottis or firehouse that is twice as big and takes more than a couple seconds to make.
The sub by the way tasted like ones you would buy prepared out of a 7-11  Bag of chips were really good though!
That deserves a star I guess..

This place is exactly 1.1 miles away from my house, and they refuse to bend the apparently stringent delivery rules.
Subs so fast you'll freak, my ass.

I think it's sad that the place i'm about a mile away from the place and I'm considered outside of the delivery zone...
I know guys at the University would BIKE even farther... these guys drive cars... sad

Fresh, fast and well priced.
Very happy they moved into the area.
It is always clean.
Everytime I jave gone there has been one of the staff cleaning.
Fun atmosphere.
..usually have good music playing too.

Sometimes I eat at a 'chain' and wonder how it even got past the original restaurant.
Jimmy Johns joins that list.
Went today and got a number 11, which is off of the deluxe or some-such side of the menu, the hook being 'twice the meat' and so on.
What I got, if twice anything, well, glad I did not get the regular.
It was mostly a bread and lettuce sandwich.
The french roll was good, but that was it.
Really an unremarkable sandwich.
I can't see ever going back.
I don't even care that much for Port o Subs and Subway, but either of those is way better than this.

Pretty good sandwiches, amazing bread.
I always have them leave the bread in, instead of hollowing it out on my sandwich.
It's that good.
Sometimes someone at this particular restaurant is a little heavy-handed on the onions, so now when I order, I always as for light onions.
Agree with another reviewer who was confused about their delivery area.
I'm about a mile away, and it takes me 2 minutes to get there (3 if I get stuck at the light at Eastern).
We had an event at our office, and I'd just assumed they would deliver here, so I sent our attendees a link to their website so they could let me know what to order.
When I placed the order, I found out they didn't deliver here.
When I went to pick it up, I timed it in the car....it was 2 minutes 43 seconds to get there.
Very confused about their delivery area.
I do enjoy their sandwiches though, and this will be added to my lunch options for sure.

I was very upset with the service we received from this establishment on St. Rose.
We had ordered several times before and they always delivered to is right down the street, barely a mile.
But we received a call from a rude employe, stating that we were out of their delivery zone.
When we tried to explain our previous deliveries, the employe interrupted several times and talked over us.
We told them to keep the food and we are no longer eating at their establishment.

Great service and great food.
Very clean and large space that supplies enough seating.
One thing that annoys me is that they never have napkins.
I couldn't seem to find any.

Same as a few other reviews on here.
I love their sandwiches but they are ridiculous about the delivery area.
He told me it stopped a half mile from my house and refused to deliver to me.
Take my money damn it!
I want a bootlegger!

Rating specifically on sandwiches I would give the place a 4 star rating.
The bread is soft and the meat, cheese and veggies are fresh.
It's better than Subway for sure.
The restaurant is clean and the service is good.
Buuut, they only have 1 booster chair for kids!
One!
Like for the whole place?!?!
So that means when I come to lunch with my friend who also has a busy 1 year old, we get to rock, paper, scissors who has to deal with their child trying to escape out of the booth and jump up and down.
Sorry Jimmy Johns but I won't be coming back with friends until you can get a few more boosters and high chairs for us crazy moms who dare eat lunch with out kids in society.

Not sure what the hype is.....I think my tastebuds are damaged.
Why?
Because I am still thinking that Subway is pretty darn good!
The bread - Definitely good, and at same time not memorable at all.
Neutral at best.
Fresh Sliced Meats.
I have bought seriously over the top expensive fish and meat at Whole Foods.
Many times it comes frozen, and they put it out on display after it thaws.
I am not sure if fresh sliced meat is better than pre-sliced, but since I have purchased very expensive non fresh meat before from Whole Foods, I would say that I am the WORST person to dsicuss the phenomena known as fresh sliced meats because I cannot tell!
c.  The prices - Extremely reasonable.
Two sizes of sandwiches.
d.  Deliver - Wow, they deliver.
e.  Accoutrements - They add plenty of "stuff" after the meat, I guess that I am stuck on picking my own and then adding things like jalapeño, olives, spices, and all the other bits.
Here they pretty much put their basic items on the sandwich although you  can add or change this.
This is a nice restaurant, plenty of seats and a good solution with great value for the price.
These are 8" subs.
I am still saying that Subway is awesome thought!

Great place to get a quick bite on the run.
I usually get their Vito sandwich which is their version of Italian with Genoa salami, capicola, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onions & vinaigrette.
$4.95 for 8" sub isn't a bad deal, specially with fresh ingredients.
Give it a try.
Overall (4/5)

Always thought this place would suck monkey choad But it's pretty good.
Not amazing but fast simple tasty.
I do like most that the bread is very thin overall.
I try not to eat much bread as it is so this is a big plus.
I got the Italian I'm sure the meat is riddled with nitrates but I would go again if I was desperate enough.

We just moved to a new office and sadly my car is out of service and I am waiting for m new car to be done.
Anyways I went online to order lunch and didnt want pizza or any of that crap, found JJ score!!
I ordered online, fast , easy, and dont have to talk to anyone.
Not even 10 mins the front desk calls to say my lunch is here !
I love JJ food is good a sandwich is a sandwich not sure why people bitch that its not subway, subway sucks and its nasty food.
Jimmys is the way to go, fresh meat and made quick.
If you're complaining about it not being subway go back to subway and eat your processed meat that has no nutrients.
PS Subways lettuce is horrendous!

