Was eager to stop in see what the buzz was since it just opened, not sure how well this place will do other than just a bar seen, usually you lower food standards when going to more of a bar place like this, so I did, but even then not so good!
I prefer CKs on chandler thier food is much better.

Everything you'd expect from a Zipp's establishment.
Food, service & libation are as good if not better than expected compared to other Zipp's locations.
Staff is well trained, friendly & food arrives timely.
An abundance of HDTVs with the sports enthusiast in mind.
The modern decor is appreciated by laid back Ahwatukee patrons.
That being said, parking is a challenge during happy hour.
Accessibility to the shuffle board table and restrooms could be less crowded.
Overall, this location is an above average Zipp's establishment.

Terrible.
This is a true story.
I go to Zipps to meet up with my husband and our friend who are partaking the waitress finally comes over I ask her what is in her Zipps-a-Rita and she said, "We pour it out of the frozen machine, then if you want to add extra alcohol you can.
" Not my thing.
Instead I asked her if she had a lighter margarita with less sugar, I finally just ordered limes, club soda and tequila (a Nor Cal Margarita).
She looked at me and said, "That's disgusting.
" No joke.
Dude - I don't want all the processed sugar that comes out of your shitty frozen drink!
And I shouldn't have to justify my drink order to the waitress.
Now when I get a light margarita at any other bar it comes in a 16 oz glass.
This came in a high ball glass.
This was a drink not a mixed shot.
She did come over and apologize, as I was leaving.
Looking around at the time I was there it was filled mostly with people over 50, the bar was 75% men.
My husband and his friend were over charged for their burgers but they did not complain because they got good prices on their beers.
I am sure that soon the novelty will be gone and they will raise a stink about being over charged on food.
Bottom line - if you want to hang out with old men and bitchy waitresses, Zipps is your place, but its not for me.

SO I love Zipps other establishments the service and food usually is great.
Now first of the food was good no complaints for the food it is the reason they "earned" 2 stars.
Service on the other hand was dreadful now I went with my wife father and 9 month old son, I know this is a family sports bar enviroment so they must uinderstand with 4 people you shouldnt be sat at a 28"x28" table but we were it was ridiculously small we ordered wings first because well Zipps wings rule ordered them extra crispy waitress stated it could take a little longer than usual but hey that is why we ordered them when we sat down we ordered our dinner's about ten minutes later well low and behold we got our dinner before our wings I am sorry but to make the wings crispier does not take 30 minutes thats a joke and it was probably longer than that and waitress just stated well i told you it would be longer than usual i looked at her and just started eating.
My wife and father ordered salads with their dinner's well the salads came in the same basket as the sandwiches and dressing had seaped into their bread and made the bread soggy and not as apetizing.
All in all not a good experience not sure if we will be back.
they cram so many people in this small location it is just crazy it was like I was at a restaraunt mosh pit

This place is simply in a bad location.
Not because it doesn't do great business - it does.
Hopefully that will slow down.
It's way crowded and the servers are new and clueless.
Bartenders are cool.
But....the food is average.
The clientele is a lot of riff raff that is not local.
It can be a very annoying crowd.
Most importantly...do not drink and even think of driving out of here.
I've seen young people walk out the front door with beers in hand and get in their cars.
I let the manager know and he was not interested.
I've now noticed the fuzz setting up nearby and pulling cars into a nearby gas station lot and busting people left and right.
The establishment does not care.
Just be damn careful.
This place is not worth the risk.

I have never written a review before but after last night I feel I must.
First of all when you order a focaccia sandwich you are expecting a certain type of bread    I ordered the pepper jack focaccia and it came as a wrap and not on focaccia bread.
The second issue was when you order a salad and you are paying $8 for you expect more than just lettuce and a few pieces of chicken.
It would of been nice to have some tomatoes, onions, cucumber or anything else.
The third issue it was unbearably warm in the restaurant.
Now grant it here in Phoenix it was a very hot day, however I have been in numerous restaurants on hotter days and never felt uncomfortable temperature wise.
The last and final issue was service was slow and not talking about the waitress she was very kind and kept bringing us water and pop as needed.
The food took forever to get to us.
Overall would not recommend this place and they lost a customer.
By the way this was in the Ahwatukee location

If you love monster 32oz beers, tons of big screen TV's, a loud atmosphere, and one kick ass BBQ bacon burger.
This is the place for you.
If you want fine dining, do us all a favor and go somewhere else.

I came here for lunch right after they opened with a friend.
The food was OK but I have to admit that the waitress was not especially customer service focused.
My friend asked for more sauce for her wings and two things happened: 1)  she charged us more than she said she was going to for the "lunch special wings" and 2) she charged us for the sauce!
When we asked about it she just said she must have been wrong about the lunch special.
Did nothing to make it right with us!
I was surprised.
Also a pet peeve: none of these places that have sports on TV EVER show women's sports on any of the sets.
Why is that?

The food is terrible, the drinks are good and cheap yet I'm a chef and it's sad to see the shit they put out here

I was so excited when I saw signs go up that a Zipps was coming to this area of town!
I work around that area and first thing that entered my mind was "Love their happy hour!!
" SOOO disappointed!!
Don't get me wrong, I still love their happy hour just NOT at this Zipps!
I will drive across town to go to the one on Ray Rd after my first and most definitely my last visit to this location.
We went in on a Friday afternoon to have drinks and watch the Packers' game...
I get that the game was preseason, but the manager told us that he would not play the sounds of the game instead of the loud music because "they" don't like it when we have to switch it.
When asked who "they" was, he just said "them".
hmmm... he stated that a few people had called in to ask if a high school football game would be on in the bar and he told them that  they would be playing it so he couldn't switch the sounds from the NFL to the  high school game!
The NFL game started at 5 and the HS game didn't start until 7!!!!
Are you kidding me??!!
I would have been perfectly fine (since he "promised") with him switching the NFL to the HS game when it started- but that excuse is ridiculous!
Our service became crappy after our discussion with the manager as well...

We were excited to try out the new sports bar in the area and here is what we found.
We were charged for asking for Ranch instead of Ketchup for our fries, you are charged to split a meal, and the waitress seemed less than thrilled to be waiting on us and pretty inflexible.
Food was okay, but certainly not good enough to be "nickel and dimed".
I'll try again hoping that my first experience was just bad timing, but our first impression leads us to conclude there are certainly better sports bars in the area.

Friendly place with absurdly greasy food.
That's not necessarily a bad thing.
Sometimes you want to watch a game and eat something that was drowned in cooking oil and then covered in ranch/bleu cheese.
If you're in that kind of mood, I've got your place!
The wings were really good and meaty while the fries were a little soggy.
The beers are reasonably priced and the large is enormous (32 oz).
Make sure to get a brownie for dessert.
They're really quite good.

Not as good as other Zipp's locations regarding customer service.
The food tastes the same, typical bar food.
I come here frequently to watch football and usually sit in the bar.
The servers in the bar area are 150% better than the ones on the restaurant side.
They have a shuffle board that you basically cant use which bums me out.
Last time I was in, I had to ask for clean silverware twice and they messed up my food order.
The server acted like both issues were my fault which was irritating.
I continue to frequent as its across the street from my house.

Fun place to go to watch games!
Esp Sundays!
They have every football game!
My husband said they have the best wings he's had since moving to AZ.
I had the cheeseburger, it was okay.
I've had better.
Chicken fingers app is good too!
Very helpful staff.

The fish & chips are the worst I've ever had.
More batter than fish and they were square patties.
Even McDonalds fish sticks are better (and I hate them too).
The onion rings were bad.
The server never wrote down our orders and then proceeded to get them wrong.
No tomato on the kid's hamburger, as requested, and added jalapeño to the salad when requested to hold it.
She served a salad without silverware and the fish and chips without malt vinegar.
All the orders (4) arrived at different times.
The tables are also too small for four people.
Only use a booth if you have more than three people.
This is my third time here and may be my last.

Best place to go Sunday mornings for brunch and football!
Great atmosphere, food and even better staff!

Good location and a popular local hangout for greasy food, cheap drinks, and nightly specials.
Can easily drink all night for under $20.
Foccacia bread sandwiches are their bread and butter.
Not very crazy about their wings.

I'll keep this simple.
Slightly better than average bar food but in an ear splitting setting.
Wether it's music or sports, the volume is often set just too damn loud.
Huge dining area, big bar area, LOTS of very nice TV's, great patio, diverse menu, including pizza and decent wings.
Not quite sure why I don't love it more...but I don't.
Worth a stop, just not at my top.

This is a sports bar an grill if you want quiet this is not you place, for the rest of us it's great.
I live near by and this is one of our favorite places to go for cheap beer and good bar food.
Let me elaborate really great drink and food specials each night of the week according to their website the specials currently they are:  Monday Specials WEEKEND WIND DOWN Pizza Slices - $1.50 ($0.50 per topping) 32 Oz Domestic Draft - Jack & Jims - $4.00 Chicken Skewers - $6.00 Mozzarella - $5.00 8 PM to close.
Tuesday Specials BURGERS & BEERS Domestic Longnecks - Pints - $2.00 Premium Bottles - Pints - $3.00 Zipps Burgers - $5.00 (ex for toppings) Specialty Burgers - $6.50 8 PM to close.
Wednesday Specials THE HUMP Pizza Slices (.50 per topping) - $1.50 Captain Morgans - $3.00 Flavored Zipparitas - $3.00 (limit 3) 32 Oz Domestic Drafts - $4.00 Taco 4 packs - $4.00 32 Oz Premium Drafts - $5.00 8 PM to close.
Thursday Specials WEEKEND WARM-UP!
Sweet Tea Leamonades - $3.00 Stolis - Three Olives - $3.00 Premiun Pints - $3.00 32 Oz Domestic Drafts - $4.00 Wings - Chicken Skewers - $6.00 Focaccias (exc.
Tenderloin) - $6.00 8 PM to close.
Friday Specials THE MOST INTERESTING NIGHT OF THE WEEK Premium Pints - $3.00 Dos Equis Bottles - $3.00 Jagers - Zipparitas - $3.00 32 Oz Domestic Drafts - $4.00 All Fish - $5.00 Chicken Burritos - $6.00 8 PM to close.
Saturday Specials SOCIAL SATURDAY Glasses of Premium Wine - $5.00 Premium Pitchers (2 ppl min) - $8.00 Domestic Pints - $2.00 Dessert Skillets - $5.00 Fireballs - $3.00 18 inch Pizza ($2 per topping) - $10.00 8 PM to close.
Sunday Specials INDUSTRY NIGHT "TOP SHELF" Pizza Slices (.50 per topping) - $1.50 Stolis - Jager - $3.00 Three Olives - Captain Morgans - $3.00 Premium Pints - $3.00 Ketel One - Crown - Jameson - $5.00 Chicken Skewers - $6.00 Fireballs - $3.00 Mozzarella Sticks - $5.00 8 PM to close.
Weekday Happy Hour ZIPPS HAPPY HOUR  MONDAY - FRIDAY  3 to 7 pm Pizza Slices - $1.50 Well Drinks - House Wines - $2.75 Chips, Salsa & Guacamole (all homemade) - $4.00 Zipparitas (limit 3) - Premium Pints - $3.00 32 Oz Domestic Drafts - $3.75 Wings - Chicken Skewers - $6.00   Weekend Hangover Specials SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 11am to 4pm Sweet Tea Lemonades - $3.00 Three Olives & Stoli Bloody Marys - $4.00 Specialty Burgers - $6.50 Premium Pitchers - $8.00 18 inch Pizza ($2 per topping) - $10.00 Icy Cold Buckets 4 Mexi Beers - 5 Domestic Longnecks (min 2 ppl) - $12.00

Worst service ever can't believe thAt the server would not tell me that a bigger beer was better value.
For a sever trying to raise her check average to get bigger tip she got nothing.
Hope she can leave off of 4.85 and hour

I have to admit that the first time I went to Zipps I was less than impressed.
The wrap I got was ok, nothing to rave about.
This was all about a year ago.
I decided to give it another shot and boy am I glad I did.
The golden wings are amazing!
32 oz domestic beers are a great deal even when they are not on special.
Zipparitas with flavored add ins...
Delicious!
Also, sports on every monitor, what have I been missing out on?!
I'm rating it 4 stars because multiple times we have ended up waiting for our check for quite a long time.
Other than that though, I'm completely satisfied.
This will be my new spot whenever I'm craving some wings!

Love this place to watch the famous Denver Broncos.
Quite a few Broncos fans go here... awesome environment & good food.
Me and my family enjoy this place a home away from home!

I've eaten numerous times at the Chandler location so expected this to be a similarly pleasant experience.
Boy was I wrong.
Let me start out by saying the service was rotten.
We walked over from Little League opening day, and my son was chastised for having a partially full Gatorade container left over from the game.
We were told we had to hide it in my wife's purse, and the server would "pretend she hadn't seen it.
"  At first I thought the server was getting after my wife for preparing my 4 month old's bottle.
Did I mention the service was rotten?
The food is what it is.
Fairly standard sports bar food.
The prices aren't overly expensive, nor are they very cheap.
My chicken fingers ended up being about an eight of an inch in diameter strip of chicken swallowed by two inches of thick, almost tempura like batter.
It reminded me of something you'd get out of a fair booth.
My sweet potato chips were fine, except for the quarter inch deep pool of grease under them.
My wife's salad looked like it was left-over from another table from someone who couldn't finish all of theirs.
We verified she got ripped off on the way out because two other ladies had the same dish, but had substantially more in their salad bowl.
Did I mention the service was rotten?
My son said his shrimp was bland and the BBQ sauce was too strong.
This was unsolicited from a 12 year old.
After having been stuck in there without seeing our server for about 45 minutes, we finally tracked her down, asked for a doggy bag (literally this time) for left-overs.
Several minutes later she returned with the togo container.
Did I mention the service was rotten?
But with no check.
Did I mention the service was rotten?
After another 20 minutes I gave up and hunted her down asking for the check.
Paid and my son wanted a refill on his soda.
I already knew I wasn't going to wait for the server to return to our dimension from wherever it is she disappears to.
So I walked over to the bar where there were 4 bartenders, with my baby in her seat on my arm.
Did I mention the service was rotten?
After standing at the end of the bar for several minutes I realized poor service wasn't limited to just our server, but it appeared to be a store policy.
Did I mention the service was rotten?
So I walked back over to the waitress station and refilled it myself.
Did I mention the service was rotten?
Wasted almost 2 hours of my life in there, and my wife was hungry within two hours of getting home.
In case I forgot to mention it, the service was rotten.

5 of us sat down and ordered a shot and a beer.
With us previously have NOT been drinking, the manager came up and said he was not gonna serve us hard liquor... We got up and left.
Have fun at this place!

I am normally very generous in my rating and this is no exception.
We have been to Zipps at least 10 times times and as long as you are ordering drinks, it is ok but when you add food it is REALLY hit or miss, mostly miss.
The food is not bad, once you get it.
It is rarely warm and prepared the way you request.
The excuse is ALWAYS " the kitchen is back up".
Really too bad Zipps, you could really be a great place but you have proven time and again that you cannot get it right.

Great service and food when opened up.
Been there few times after but everything started to go downhill eventually.
Service with attitude, greasy and under cooked food, water down drinks.
Will not go there again.
It was a good place for being close to home but sports bars like that are dime a dozen here.
I am still struggling with my earlier lunch intake!

GREAT FOR LUNCH!
I may give it 5 stars if they are consistent on future visits.
I went for a late lunch and got a great Bacon Cheeseburger.
It was awesome and it took me a total of 25 minutes to get in and out!
That's great service.
Loved the menu and I'm looking forward to going back for dinner and Happy Hour which looked like a real bargain.
I've seen some reviews regarding bad service, so maybe during busier hours they have issues.
It's usually the managers fault for not having enough staff.

Food is pretty average, burgers are definitely the way to go.
French fries need work & water tastes like recycled toilet water.
Good amount of televisions, good place to have a beer & catch a game in the neighborhood.
Don't expect much from the food but location for us tukees' ain't bad.

I'd rather go through life uncircumcised than ever eat here again.
I realize it's a Sports' Bar but, "c'mon man!
"  Zipps is doing Sports' Bars across the world a disservice!
I came here with the intentions of simply fattening my ass with some bar grub.
However, they managed to screw up onion rings and fries.
How the hell does someone screw those items up?
Those should be 'Simple Simon' for any place that serves food, period!
The onion ring batter was thick and disgusting and on top of that, were not cooked correctly!!
The fries tasted as if they made a huge batch of them and let them sit out for a long time so that they could be quicker during service.
Unacceptable and it shows the pure laziness that the "back-of-the-house" exudes!
Even the booths felt as if I was sitting on top of about 3,387 buried farts.
I prefer to end a review or any other body of writing I create on a positive note and will say that our waitress was very nice and on top of everything.
I give it 5/5 stars for service.
I just wish that the kitchen would cook like they actually give a rat's ass and I hope that the food doesn't have me imprisoned to the bathroom...

I cannot not write a review about Zipps, especially because my jaw literally dropped to see it did not have a five star yelp rating.
Seriously?
This place is the best.
Apparently the naysayers have not tried their chicken skewers with golden medium sauce.
CLEARLY, they have also not enjoyed said skewers with a giant beer for like $4!
It must be that they didn't get a side of onion rings or even a freaking side salad at this place!
If they came, it must have been during a blackout because they have such a great TV set up.
Those giant TVs that merge together to form one mega giant TV?
They must have been facing towards a wall instead.
Also they must have come during the like one hour that Zipps is not running a happy hour special.
This place is a god send for the Ahwatukee community.
Its a total hit.
Apparently their actual customers are not reviewing this place because seriously it is PACKED any time any event happens.
It has a great atmosphere and is consistent.
Really, they don't pay me to say this.
I am just an epic Zipps fan who enjoys the finer things in life with a ball game on, a cold beer in one hand and a chicken skewer in the other.
Life at Zipps is life well spent.

My family and I had never visited a Zipps before this store open in our neighborhood , and it has become a regular stop for us ever since.
I am not a sports fan, so I barely notice the tv's, but they have many and they lend to the high energy of the place.
The staff are enthusiastic and attentive and this restaurant is clearly well run.
Overall this restaurant is very comfortable and inviting and the food is good.
Not usually a fan of home made fries, but theirs are generally well prepared.
Nice selection of burgers , salads and sandwiches has something to please everyone.
Beer selection is great as well.
Ultimately, we always leave full and satisfied.
A great addition to Ahwatukee, by the crowd that I usually see there, business is good and they should have a great future ahead of them.

Best burgers.
Golden medium wings are amazing and always consistent.
I've wasted a lot of money here.
Its almost dangerous because its so close.

I can't believe this place has such low reviews... 5 stars all the way!!
I'm so happy they opened one right down the street from me.
Zipps is awesome, they have great happy hour specials (take it from me I'm a broke college student) and the service always does their best to make you happy and correct any mistakes, not that I'm one to complain.
ever.
People have to understand that this is a SPORTS BAR, and not a fancy shmancy restaurant.
You come here to get a few drinks,  chow on some burgers and watch sports with your buddies or dates.
Which leads me to the food....  ZIPPS HAS THE BEST BURGERS EVER, Try the sweet jalapeno burger.
(it's not spicy, it's sweet and amazing!!
ask for jalapenos on the side if you want to be a baller ;)

Great place for Happy Hour and watching a game.
I've been to this Zipps a couple of times and have always had a great time.
Service is great, food is great, and drinks are always the best.

I've had pretty good experiences at different zipps throughout the valley.
Today was a disaster.
It wasn't the servers fault or the cooks either.
Today was all management.
It was empty when we came in, family of 8, and we wanted to see the noon World Cup game.
It was empty, I repeat.
We sat down and since the table was so small we added another small today to fit our large family.
The server came up to us and told us afterwards that we weren't supposed to do this on game day, it was empty, but she'd allow it.
So we ordered our first round of food & bloody Mary's because we were starving and thirsty.
Then the manager comes up to us and tells us we weren't supposed to move any tables because its game day!?
We look around to an empty restaurant and the hungry women state they're 'this' close to leaving since it's empty and we've already been scolded for moving a small table to our large family.
He reminds us that's he's just communicating w us and the women had enough and grab their bags.
That's six hungry and drinking adults plus to hungry kids, gone over what?
Common sense dictates that in en empty restaurant you welcome families.
We went to the Garage across the street.
Too many good spots nearby to be harassed by a manager in an empty restaurant.

Can I give this place six stars?
Seriously, I think this place is great.
I always pretend to be healthy and get a salad as a side but then end up getting their chicado burger or wings.
But honestly?
Totally worth it.
The staff is friendly, the ample amount of TVs is great, the food is tasty, and the atmosphere rocks.
I should lie and say the opposite because I'm worried it will be too busy this football season but I can't!
I just have to spread the word.

