Went to Piece of Cake for the first time yesterday, as I love cupcakes and this place is close to my house.
I got the coconut cupcake with coconut cream inside, and it was delicious!
So fresh and just the right amount of frosting and sweetness.
My husband got the cookies and cream cupcake, and he said it was delicious, as well.
The woman at the counter was very friendly, as well.
She said they've been open at this location for six weeks.
Dangerous that it's so close to my house!
Their cakes are beautiful, too, and now that I know how yummy their cupcakes are, I will order my next special occasion cake from Piece of Cake!

I met with Kevin for the initial consultation for our wedding cake.
He was very professional and really prepared for our meeting.
I had explained a little bit in advance in our email about the design my fiance and husband wanted.
We wanted a very distinct pattern in our cake.
When we arrived for the consultation.
Kevin was so excited about the opportunity that he showed us a stencil with the design we wanted.
He purchased it solely for our consultation.
I loved that he was just excited about our cake design as we were.
They hit it out of the park on the first consult, but our venue did give us the option to choose our cake from one other vendor.
We did meet with them, but Piece of Cake had left such an impression on us that we booked them for our event.
The cakes they create don't only look beautiful, they are delicious!
We had 3 flavors on our 4 tier cake- choco w/khalua frosting, almond w/cream cheese frosting and white cake w/ almond frosting.
They were all perfectly moist and not overly sweet.
Overall, great experience with Piece of Cake and highly recommend them for your special day!
See my original review on http://www.weddingwire.com/reviews/piece-of-cake-gilbert/81f53dd2674a0eb0.html

My husband and I LOVE Piece of Cake!!!
They made our wedding cake in 2009 along with a grooms cake for my husband :)....since then my husband ordered a graduation cake for my when I finished dental school and an awesome 30th bday cake for me this year!
We've also tried their new cupcakes which are just as delish as their cakes!
We cannot recommended then enough!

My goodness this place is good!
I've been several times and have enjoyed my cupcakes each time.
My sister and her husband ordered their wedding cake from here and enjoyed their overall cake design and taste.
Not a ton of flavors for cupcakes but they are better known for their cakes.
My favorite is the cookies and cream cupcake.
Plus their sandwich board on cooper is great, check out if you like cupcakes!

My husband just bought me cupcakes from here!
OMG soooo soft and yummy!
The red velvet is delicious!!!!

Went her for a wedding cake tasting all i could really taste was sugar.
More cake less sweet treat.

We recently ordered our wedding cake from them.
Not only did they nail the look and design but we got so many wonderful compliments about the flavors.
We will absolutely use them in the future like we have for birthdays in the past but now I'm going to tell everyone how amazing they are because they made our wedding cake perfect.
Thanks you piece of cake.

Very impressed with Piece of Cake!
We ordered my graduation cake from them and they were able to make a custom cake with only 6 day notice (after original plans fell through)...
Very accommodating!
The cake turned out so adorable and exactly what we described.
Also, it was honestly some of the most delicious cake I've ever eaten; so moist!
The chocolate ganache filling was to die for!
I will definitely be returning for our next big event that requires a cake.
The only downside is that it's pretty pricey...
But definitely worth.

Wanted to give there cupcakes a try.
I have to admit they are not my favorite.
The cake was very crumbly and had only a slight amount of flavor.
The cream cheese frosting was gooey and messy.
I really don't feel they are worth $3.00 a pop.
Just my opinion.

Piece of Cake Desserts made the process of ordering our wedding cake...well, a piece of cake!
We were referred here by our venue, Portico (http://www.yelp.com/biz/portico-weddings-and-events-gilbert?hrid=-1HPtKcAlyNVxsiNlupyYA), and decided to go with them because A) why not?
I had no other bakery in mind and B) the package comes with a replication of the top tier for major anniversaries.
No more saving a piece of stale wedding cake in the freezer!
When we went in for our tasting and consultation, we were led to a private little nook to chat with a very friendly woman whose name has escaped me.
She asked a few questions about our event and our hopes and dreams, then showed us their portfolio of cakes so we could tell her what we liked.
Using a few of their photos and explanations of what was in my head, she started sketching.
She showed us what she was thinking, and it was exactly what *I* was thinking!
She brought out cupcakes for us to sample their flavors, and it was an easy choice.
Two tiers of almond white cake, one tier of red velvet, cream cheese buttercream and fondant.
Yum.
All we had to do then was drop off our cake topper before the wedding and the rest was handled.
Woohoo!
I didn't even see the cake until I walked in to the reception after the wedding.
It sat there on its pedestal, looking perfect and delicious.
When it was cut and served, it WAS perfect and delicious.
I'm excited for the anniversary replications!

