Tacos El Rey had authentic and delicious Mexican Food.
From Tacos to Mariscos.
The restaurant is close to UNLV and it's great for students in a budget.
I had Handmande tortillas with lengua, Salsa was on point & guacamole!
Oh & I can't forget the Aguas Frescas, tasty!

This is a great discovery!
I dropped by on a whim and I'm glad I did.
$1.25 tacos!
And they were excellent; large, tasty and fresh.
A little hard to find...off to the right if you drive in from Maryland Parkway, but worth the effort.
I'll be going back to try one of their $4.50 burritos!

This place has the best ceviche in town, been there twice already, I recommend the Tostadas Mixtas for $3.50, hearty, lots of meat, and very filling.
I have had ceviche in Peruvian restaurants down in Orange County, in Costa Rica, as well as homemade, but the ones at Tacos El Rey are amazing.
The order will come with ceviche, chopped up soft octopus, and cooked shrimp.
They serve it on a tostada shell and will give you an extra one if the shell gets too soggy, plus extra limes and hot sauce for condiments.
Update as of 4/22/14 I have to say, the service really isn't as nice as it was before in terms of going the extra mile.
I still go there for fish tacos, platters, and horchata, which are decent.
But their burritos are just inferior in quality compared with Taquerias.

I'm from LA and know good Mexican food.
This place taste just like the Mexican food in Southern California.
Amazing.
Best I have had in Vegas so far.

Excellent tacos!
Great service!
Fed 5 hungry people for only 17 dollars.
Food was fresh and they added nice little touches like roasted peppers and onions on the side.
I would definitely go back.

Wonderful bargin!
Amazing service for a hole in the wall Mexican joint- they always have a friendly bilingual employee up front.
You get a lot of food so come hungry!
Also- cleanest place for Mexican food under $20 in town!

Thank God for this place.
Like the other reviewer mentioned, they do taste like LA tacos which lets be honest, are the best ever.
I've eaten here 3 times in the last two weeks and I buy a burrito to eat the next day.
I have a problem.
But do yourself a favor and go here!!

