This place is friendly professional food makers of thr highest quality in my opinion the best around,same set up as any other buffet style Chinese food but warm and friendly .. well.done !

This is a very good Chinese buffet restaurant (bettered only by the Peking Court in Manchester in my experience thus far).
When you eat in any buffet restaurant, I feel it's important to adjust your expectations compared to eating in a gourmet establishment.
Not too much adjustment is required here, however, as the food is high quality especially considering it's currently only £8.90 a head for adults at lunchtime excluding drinks.
The restaurant is a fair size at around 200 covers and tastefully decorated.
There are a choice of around 10-15 starters and about the same again on mains.
Pretty much all popular favourites are represented.
I must confess I fully indulged, so make no excuses for the list of foods I sampled.
Do not read on if easily offended ;-)  It's been a few days since my visit, so hopefully I'll remember everything.
For the starters, I tried two kinds of ribs Peking BBQ Sauce and Salt n' Pepper (aah this is push it), Sesame Prawn Toast, Spring Rolls and some other things I've unfortunately forgotten.
I progressed to a mid course of Crispy Pork Pancakes with Hoisin sauce - I believe they alternate Pork & Duck on different days.
For the main, I had Shredded Chicken in Chilli Sauce (it was less crispy than I'd normally like, but still tasty), Salt n' Pepper Chicken (p-push it real good), Chicken in Honey & Chilli and Kung Po Chicken which turned out to be my favourite.
I chose to accompany them with nicely spiced Singapore Vermicelli Noodles.
I would normally have tried the beef dishes and Char Siu (Roast Pork), but I didn't leave room I'm afraid.
The deserts are Western in origin.
I had Cheesecake and Ice Cream, but I could've enjoyed fresh fruit, a strawberry gateaux, chocolate cake or the delight of my niece & nephew - marshmallows on sticks and a chocolate fountain.
Easy to get to from the bypass, with warm, smiling staff and decent food, I'll definitely be back.

