just had lunch at Z-Tejas in Tempe with three co-workers.
Friendly smiling happy waitrons, and excellent service; constant attention to refills of water, iced tea, and colas.
four different salsas plus guacamole and excellent chips.
I had the Daily Special which was green mole' chicken enchiladas - excellent; served with very good black beans and Spanish rice.
Dude had avocado turkey burger with chipotle aioli sauce.
cleaned his plate Ladies had Parmesan pecan chicken salad and the Five-cheese Macaroni & Achiote Chicken and raved about both.
dessert was a shared warm apple-berry cobbler with ice cream, Yummy and plenty.
In and out in just over an hour, but we were in no hurry and lingered.
Surprisingly good sized crowd for a Wednesday lunch in downtown Tempe in late July - the reasons are as noted in my review - very good food and excellent service too.

I have tried this restaurant many years ago and didn't  have  good experience then.
So we thought we would give it another try.
We had to wait for a table on the patio.
So we went to the bar and ordered a beer and Margarita.
The margarita was small and about ten bucks.
Then we were seated on the patio that had many tables open.
We looked over the menu and finished our drinks.
They also charge $5 for chips and salsa.
We were  never acknowledged or asked it we needed anything.
We got up and left.
We went down the street to Macayos.
Where the margaritas were twice the size for $3 less.

Ate lunch here last week, and food was good.
Me and my fiance had the salmon and it was cooked to perfection.
Shared the enchilada, and it was also good.
The cornbread is delicious, perfect when hot, and just as god later when it is cold.
Prices are fair.

Great value, delicious food, nice casual atmosphere.
But best of all, terrific service.
Our server was busy and someone else noticed and got us started with our order.
Excellent team work and very well-managed.
Keep up the great job!

I went there for a business dinner while on a trip to Phoenix.
The interior is nice and some in my party were happy with their meals.
Some others including me weren't salivating for a return.
I ordered a southwestern salad and a bowl of tortilla soup, Neither was good.
Since I don't live there I'm sure I won't be going back.
I am giving an overall 3 because some in my party liked their food.

Love the drinks at Z Tejas but the HH menu and Dinner menu left something to be desired.
I'll go back to drink but will find another place to eat.
The only food item that caught my eye is the fresh made corn bread.

I'm giving it a three because the second waiter was better than the first.
Second time trying this restaurant.
Maybe because I'm pregnant but I'm not a fan of the food.
I had the street tacos as an appetizer and the diablo pasta as the main dish.
I split the tacos with my friends husband.
They lacked flavor and the meat was cold.
The diablo pasta with jerk chicken tasted horrible, made me nauseated, so I returned it.
I put a little salt on the dish and it didn't help.
Needless to say, I won't return.

My daughter and I were visiting ASU and tried it hoping for the best, we were not disappointed!
I had the fish tacos and she had the wild mushroom enchiladas.
We both couldn't stop praising our meals, not to mention the cornbread that was the best we ever ate.
Service was excellent and atmosphere was great.
We sat outside and enjoyed the great weather.
We will definitely be going back once she starts school there in the fall.
The only complaint I would have is that when I ordered Jack on the rocks, it was the smallest pour I had ever received in a bar/restaurant.
(very minor, prob.
not worth mentioning)

We were enjoying a wonderful margarita when we saw a flight of margaritas go past.
So...we ordered 2 flights (6 total little glasses) labeled them and started a serious taste test.
Our wonderful bartender, Daniel, assisted us.
The winner in the taste test was the Patron margarita.
We enjoyed those little shrimp tostada as we tasted.
Soooo good.

