The staff is easily overwhelmed at this time when the after hours crowd hits.
Expect over  40 min.s to see food.
Good prices and adequate portions; the quality can suffer from the wait.
The staff really try.
I like the Vampire specials but miss the spaghetti.
As you see by my pic, people pass out waiting for the food but, sometimes that is preferable to "the loud crowd".
Good if you don't want to fight the strip or drive out to a local's haunt.

Now I should have filled this out months ago, but I'm just trying to catch up with my Yelp reviews now.
So where to start?
Head over here after midnight for the special menu.
You can get Chicken Fried Steak or roasted chicken and some other items for as low as $4.99.
Can't go wrong with chicken fried steak and at that price, it's a steal.
Also available are $9.99 New York Steak and Chicken Fried Steak anytime of the day.
But beware, if you're looking for quality steak, you won't be happy.
Looks like steak, tastes like steak, but after a few chews, it's more like bubble gum.
Meaning the more you chew, the less flavor it has and either you got to spit it out or swallow it whole.
I'm surprised you can't blow bubbles with it.
That said, I've been there twice and the customer service has both times been excellent.
Note, they are also open 24/7.
In conclusion, don't buy steak, but if you're looking for other cheap items for late night grub, give them a try.

This review is for their "steakhouse " which is only open on fri and sat , the food was good , but just fancier versions of their regular fare , most items are the same but with a special sauce or different presentation , which that being said is not necessarily a good thing !
Because the price doubles !
The French onion soup is good , but hard to eat in the bowl they serve it in , bread service was a nice touch , when asked about the difference of the prime rib from the "steakhouse" to the reg menu , the server said it's a better cut of meat !
, which makes u wonder what is regularly served ?
The prime rib was juicy and tender , but really no different than their reg menu , although the veggies were wonderful!
a nice mix of asparagus , spinach and zucchini !
The stand out of the meal !
Dessert was a chocolate mousse with fresh berries , served in the same soup bowl !
Lol but none of strawberries were stemmed which kind of defeats the purpose having a fancy presentation , when u have to spit out the stems , Becuz no knife was presented with dessert !
As for service most servers are from the regular restaurant and definetly seem lost in the higher end environment , and most seem clueless about the menu or presentations of the special dishes !
And they do have bussers  a who were for the most part vigilant and kept tables clean and water filled , but really clueless on higher end service and when asked a question said server would be here soon !
Maybe give them the job of wiping wine glasses , as my first one had lipstick or a water stain or both ?
But it was a nice pour for the price 7$ ?
All in all it was a slightly above average experience , but definetly not worth the doubling of price , as the food is prepared in the same kitchen and servers from the regular restaurant walk in/out thru the service doors and as usual most don't look like they like working there !
Maybe in the future when menu Items are a definite departure from their regular fare , and their service is fine tuned , it will be a nice alternative to the hotel !
But as is save your money and have the less fancier versions next store !

Not bad  This restaurant was located inside Terrible's Casino but I think is now called Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino.
Our visit was in late May this year and we strolled in pretty late looking for the buffet but was closed so we happen to drop in this place instead called Bougainvillea Café (now called The Sterling Spoon Café).
We were seated right away and given a menu.
Wasn't much on the menu but we were able to order from their 'Dine After Dark Graveyard Specials' This menu is served daily from midnight to 6:00a.
Menu included Biscuits & gravy, French toast, New York steak & eggs and others I can't remember.
I had the pork chops with two eggs cooked over easy and hashbrown (see my photo).
It was unexpectedly delicious and tasty and the meal was very cheap!
I think it was around $4.99.
Our full bill came out to $10.79 or something like that.
It wasn't the best restaurant  in town but it was okay for the price.
Staff was friendly and always made sure our glasses of waters were always full.

Located in the Silver Seven hotel and casino.
Formerly Terrible's.
Last year our cabbie said they had cheap and plenty food and that locals ate there.
We made a mental note but never got a chance.
This year we decided to give it a try at lunch but couldn't find it.
Come to realize there was a name change to Silver Seven.
We drove over.
Parked in the garage.
The cafe is located on the second floor.
Same entrance for the buffet.
Buffet to the left and cafe to the right.
We were seated and asked immediately what we wanted to drink.
We looked over the menu.
I ordered the prime rib dip sandwich.
How do you want it?
First time I've ever been asked how I want my prime rib on a sandwich.
I said medium rare.
It came that way.
It was a huge sandwich.
Melted Swiss cheese and grilled onions.
The best prime rib dip sandwich I've ever had.
Hubby had breakfast.
Pancakes, eggs, etc.
He said it was good too.
Carafe of coffee.
Con - it seemed like it was a long wait for our food.
It came to the table the same time another couple who arrived much later than us.
If you're allergic to cigarette smoke, this casino is like a huge cigarette butt.
We were here less than two hours but my hair and clothes smelled very smokey.
Friendly staff.
And there were plenty of locals and tourists alike.

The food is ok.Was there about 12:30 or 1:00 and first of all your host do not focus on sitting the guest until there ready.
And your servers are very slow and have no idea how to care fore the guests.
My wife order a prime rib medium well and it came still bloody , we didn't return it because we did not see our waitress for about 20 minutes.
I also witnessed some guests walk out because they were not waited on and it wasn't busy enough not to help them.
You may have changed your name but service is still bad.
There was one Caucasian lady who kept refilling our drinks only one that was helpful.I was on vacation this weekend I currently live in LA so when I go back I will try not to go back

Great food specials, and a huge improvement in their service.
Worth giving another shot if you haven't been lately.
Fridays and Saturdays the back room turns into a steakhouse, which is really impressive.
The food is what you'd expect to find at a strip property.
It's a hidden gem.

The food was decent for the price, but the service was horrible.
We went there last Friday night shortly after midnight and only 5 tables were full.
They seemed to have several servers available, yet we never received drink refills in over an hour and it took nearly a half hour to order our food.
It was so bad, I advised another server that we were ready to order and she also blew us off.
Further, the servers do not know their menu very well.
I was offered a spicy honey mustard, but the guy had no clue what was in it to make it spicy.
Turns out it was horseradish and was pretty good, but he seemed upset that I dare ask.
I always tip a minimum of 20%, but could not justify it at all this time.

The steak special used to be good when it was terribles but the "t-bone" was awful.
Thin, no meat on the filet side, cold and the sides were boring.
This used to one of our favorite places but we won't be back.

My roommate and I were hungry one night and decided to keep it close to home.
We noticed the special deal they had for 99 cents breakfast.
Came in for a quick meal with a graveyard special of course.
We were seated quite fast.
Server came by right off to get our drinks.
But then there were confusions as to who was serving us.
We had one too many... Another gentlemen approached and asked for our drinks as well.
We browsed what was offered for graveyard.
I got ambiguous and got the steak and eggs with an order of the 99 cent special bacon, eggs, and toast.
Roommate got the breakfast special with biscuit gravy.
A little later, our meal(s) came out..
Portion?
Not bad.. Quite a load.
Of course I had to ask for my tabasco sauce.
Tabasco on everything!
NY steak was quite delicious for the price.
Medium rare of course, so it will cook itself to medium.
I can't complain too much since it was a deal.
Eggs are eggs (from a carton)..
But I did enjoy the biscuit and gravy my roommate got.
I dipped my toast in his gravy.
Now that I think of it, I should have just poured that gravy onto my steak..    Service?
What service?
On a serious note, the service was quite lacking.
My water never gotten refilled.
I started to chew on the ice for some water.
Also, the server lost our check.
What made it more awkward was the fact that the cashier could have easily asked what we had, but the server stood right beside to see if it was correct like we would lie.
Overall, I felt weird during my exit.
Would I come back?
Probably not.
There are other places that offer graveyard specials of course.
Two stars seems common by our fellow yelpers.

Came here to get Chicken fried steak.
Sadly, since it's not Terrible anymore, the chicken fried steak isn't the same.
We came here because it was the best we had.
Now it's not.
For a small it's $7.99.
Most likely won't come back for it.
Now have to look for a new place.

There has been an improvement from when this was Terrible Herbst.
The food is better and the service is slightly faster than before.
The $10 specials are still a good value.
I have always liked the Cafe over the Buffet even when the buffet was comped.
The one remaining problem is that this is where old waitresses go to die.
Slow and often need ing to ask two or three times for condiments or set ups for additional people.

Frequent this cafe regularly as i receive comps from the casino.
The food is overall pretty good for the price but the service seems to be increasingly worse.
A simple dinner generally takes 90 minutes due to the poor/slow service.
Poor management can only be to blame.

So here we are.
We've been waiting for 15 minutes already to even be asked our order.
They're very disorganized and very slow.
Not enough staff for a Saturday night.
I've never had service this slow.
Don't even know what the food tastes like because we can't get it!

We came here for the $9.99 prime rib dinner which came with a huge amount of food.
I got a soup which could almost fill me up alone and Mac and cheese as my sides.
The prime rib was great for the money, but for all purposes, this review from here on out will be about he Mac and cheese.
It was so life changing and exquisite.
I've never has this dish be so on point that I had to get on yelp to write a review about it.
The cheese was so powerful it overshadowed the prime rib and soup.
I highly recommend this place.

The restaurant is usual busy because they give out so many food comps.
Then on Tuesday locals get half off, but you can use a comp with that so ended up paying for the meal and will have to come back again to use the comp.
Ordered the meal for two; it was $20.
It has a half chicken, half rack of ribs and two sausages plus two sides.
The soup was the only thing that was really good.
The chicken was dry and the sausages were over cooked and crispy.
They have a deal for $7.77 which is a half rack of ribs and 12 wings.
Get because it is a way better deal and since they do so many of them usually are much better prepared.
We went on a Tuesday because it's it half off for locals, there were at least 50 people there, but they did not staff is correctly, so it was 15 minutes before we ordered.
One person ordered a breakfast item, it didn't come with the rest of the food so had to remind the server 10 minutes later when he waa trying to help someone else.
Ended up that the breakfast did not show up till the other two people were already done eating.
I'm usually there once a week to use comp, so this was and unusually bad time and I know I'll never get the meal for two again.

I usually come here whenever I find myself in Vegas.
It used to be called the Bougainvilla Cafe.
Seems like it's pretty much the same menu, they just changed the name and the decor.
They offer a good variety of food that won't strain your bank account.
Most items are less than $10.
Serves breakfast 24 hrs.
Chinese menu during dinner hours.
The one gripe I do have about this place is that service can be excruciatingly slow.
For example, it took about 15 minutes from when we got our coffee to when someone took our order and the place wasn't even half full.
Then an eternity to get our food.
I'll still keep coming back though.
The food is good for the price.

This restaurant is inside of the Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino.
The outside corner has huge, large font advertising for half a rack of ribs with 12 chicken wings and fries for $7.77.
WOW!
That's a deal!
So intriguing!
We were in a different hotel, were we had no restaurant.
We did have complimentary breakfast that finishes at 9:00am.
Ummm, I'm sorry, did we forget this is Vegas?
Who wakes up at 9:00 in the morning?
Location of the restaurant was upstairs on the 2nd floor.
We got up there, and there were dividers, where there could have been three different lines going.
BUT, not certain, it was just so unorganized.
Unable to tell, what's what?
I approached the cashier to ask, and she explained one line is for the restaurant, the other line is for the buffet line.
The middle was for people to pass.
We had a decision to make; the buffet or restaurant.
My son and dad went to see the food in the buffet line; came back in line and said "we are going for the deal".
As soon as we were seated, I noticed the dirty silverware.
It was washed, and rolled in napkins, but, still dirty.
I looked around and noticed there was trash on the floors, here and there.
It needed desperate vacuuming.
I'm not complaining, just observing.
I can understand, the guests previous to us there must have made the mess.
I just feel like, if you are cleaning the table and getting it ready for the next guest, pick up the trash on the floors too.
After ordering our food, our waitress explained that the only way we can get $7.77  deal is IF we have a players card.
Each players card was good for three orders of the deal.
How misleading!
My son, (age 22 went and got a players card so we can take advantage of the deal.
It was $3.00 of each plate.
Needless to say, the wait was torture; It was approx 45 minutes long.
Some of us liked our food, and others did not.
1st of all, if you are trying to cut back on salt, do no order the French Onion soup.
It was like eating spoonful of salt.
When the waitress asked "how's everything"..
I opened my big mouth and told her about the soup being super salty.
Her mouth was bigger than mine and her respond was "It's French onion soup with cheese, of course it's going to be salty".
Yes, maybe so, but I've had that soup before, this one surpasses all "salty foods".
Beside that soup, my other order was delicious.
Can't complain.
The special was a-okay.
No big deal.

Located inside silver seven casino.
Surprisingly the casino itself is actually kept well for what it is.
The cafe has good specials and friendly staff.
I came here with a group of basketball friends.
We were rowdy, rude and annoying but the waitress, manager and staff were accommodating.
They put up with all of us.
While the service was great..the food on the other hand was ok.
I ordered the Hawaiian breakfast and the rice was hard as hell!
But for $6 it's a steal.
At one point they had a half rack of ribs and 12 wings for $7!
That's crazy.
Cheap eats, clean enviroent, friendly staff and decent food.
Will be back.

Sterling Spoon Cafe?
What does that mean?
Definition of sterling (n) Bing Dictionary British currency: the currency in pounds and pence used in the United Kingdom of sterling silver: made of sterling silver admirable: admirable or valuable  Just wanted to make sure the definition I know did not change.
They sure as hell dont do British currency.
Unlike the definition, this place is not admirable or valuable.
Yes they have certain meal deals that are good and cheap but the service or lack there of completely cancels out any specials they might have.
I havnt even mentioned what I ended up getting and it was not good at all.
So I get my player card downstairs and proceed to go up the escalator towards the cafe.
Wait time to sit down was about 10 minutes which was not bad at all.
Unfortunately everything went downhill from there.
After getting our drinks from the drink person, we all knew what we wanted to get already without even having to look at the menu.
After about 15 minutes, our server finally got around to taking our order.
Originally  I wanted to get the Half Rack of Ribs and 10 Hot Wings for $7.77 deal with player card but the lady said that was over and it was now Steak n Eggs for 9.99.
That's stupid because just earlier one of my friends said that they saw the 7.77 deal advertisement on one of the cabs.
Even still she would not honor it and acted like we were wasting her time.
It was obvious that she did not like her job.
The bad vibes I was getting from her almost made me want to get up and leave.
So I ordered the Prime Rib special for 9.99 since I saw somebody receive their order earlier.
From that point on it seemed forever for our orders to come out.
When I got my order, it looked decent to begin with but when I took my first bite the meat was bland and luke warm like it had been sitting out.
Dipping it in the au jus that came with it helped a little.
The onion rings that came with it were already soggy.
How does that happen when she just brought it out?
The mashed potatoes tasted like card board.
Fail.
Besides the bad service and bad food, the main thing that really bothered me was the smoke factor.
The whole time we were there in the cafe, all we smelled was cigarette smoke like a whole group of people were sitting next to us smoking one cigarette after another.
In closing, to reiterate my experience in a nut shell, bad food, bad service, bad ventilation, and just overall failure in ambience.
I am definitely not coming back here no matter what food deals they have for getting treated poorly and the possiblility of getting lung cancer.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #138 "Walk in healthy and hungry, walk out with lung cancer and that unsatisfied feeling in your stomach"

Say what you want but I love this place..great value,, specially if your not doing really well on the gambling part, coming here is a win.. Not everything is great but the ones I order is... Spam, portagee sausage rice and eggs for breakfast, babyback ribs hot wings and fries, NY steak dinner each $10 bucks or less!..
I would love to give them a 5 but the service tends to be on the slow side..but that s ok ok coz when you order coffee they leave a cerafe on your table..try not to sit on the wall bench for they are not the most comfy.. Other than that I give this place two thumbs up...

The food is great for the price but the service here is f'n horrible.
Maybe not all the waitress is horrible but dawana is just flat out rude and she moves like she had lead in her shoes.
She needs to change her career.

