I really like this place.
It's classy, and they have a good selection of flavors.
They were very friendly, and I plan on going back, for sure.

Bought a passthrough and it's pretty reasonably priced.
Would come here again

I find excuses just to go to new "Vape" shops.
So this time around was "I need eliquid".
Bought some Mr. Goodvape eliquid.
They let me try/taste as much as I wanted and chatted about the whole Vaping subculture.
The dude was cool and had some knowledge of products that was displayed in the showcase.
You'll be surprised how much some "behind the counter Vape store guys" don't know shit about anything about Vaping.
Since Plumes Of Vapour is new and just opened I can understand why they don't have much selection on accessories..
Reasonable priced and I like the place.

I love this place!
Great prices and even better customer service!
Been to lots of places and ripped off!
I won't go anywhere else!

If you're looking for a vape shop that has the know-how, the seasoned veteran experience, all you need to get started, and the creme-de-la-creme liquids, this is the vape shop you have been looking for.
The best part of this shop is that the pieces on liquid, mods, batteries, tanks, and starter equipment are the lowest I've seen compared to anywhere in the East Valley - and I've been to over 20 shops east of the I-10!
The co-owner, Brie, welcomed me warmly, displayed extensive knowledge on mechanical mods in and out of the store, could describe each flavor sold in detail, and never pressured me into any sales.
Her passion for vaping and veteran experience (she has been vaping for 5 years) are a great sign that she is much more qualified than most vape shop employees around the Valley.
Something that really stuck out was her belief that what was sold at her shop needed to be inexpensively priced, and the prices showed that - especially for the gourmet flavors sold!
She has a lineup of fruity, tobacco, and savory flavors which she has hand-chosen through years of tasting.
A bottle of Mr. Good Vapes is $12, 30ml Shoreline Vapes for $17, and 10ml gourmet local flavors for $7.50!
All in all, Plumes of Vapour is hands-down the top vape shop around the East Valley, and I would recommend anyone at any level of vaping experience to stop by there first, before looking anywhere else!

