Seriously go to a different Goodyear shop.
I had them install my K&N SRI Typhoon 69 in my civic and just horrible.
I trusted them and got back home.
Popped the hood and just a mess.
There were at least 5 parts to the intake missing, the L bracket, a couple nuts and screws.
Once I went back, they told me that "Oh, it didn't fit properly so we didn't install it.
" "I forgot to take that bracket out because it didn't fit" Are you serious?
If it doesn't fit the first time, try again and make it fit.
Once I got home, I had to go to Autozone on Russell and Ft. Apache to buy zipties to install it.
It looks even better when I finished the job.
I'm just hoping they didn't screw something up and it'll affect me in the long run.
I might just check everything over again later today.
The SRI sounds just amazing and gives a little bit more power, but totally not worth 86 dollars for installation when they didn't even install it properly.

This used to be Bruce Scher's Goodyear.
We just recently bought a '96 Integra GSR and the previous owner put cheap tires on the car.
We came in at 12:56 PM and Chris D. helped us right away.
We decided that the Nitto Neo Gens were the best choice for our price range.
He let us know about the road hazard coverage and I figured for all the money we just spent on these tires, we should buy the coverage.
Chris & Steve were both polite, knowledgeable fellas.
I appreciate that they took us in at lunch hour, and gave us the best experience we could of asked for.
My Girlfriend and I were very happy with the service.
Unlike Pep boys, they don't charge $15 a tire to dispose of the old ones...
I'm sure we'll be back to service our other car ( '91 Integra LS) at some point.

Brought in a used car for mom and David and Chris took care of us.
No pressure and even dropped us off while vehicle was being serviced.
Great guys and very professional.
Thanks again!

They were amazing.
Karl and Matt took amazing care of me and my car.
they were fantastic and sold me a great set of tires.
they also told me what things on my car were a priority to fix and what not to worry about.

What a good experience!
I had an issue with my teenaged daughter driving her car to death almost.
She hits a pipe in the streets and bends her rim causing the air to release from the two front tires.
I'm panicked and worried about her so I call the area closest to us.
I speak with Eric.
He is AWESOME!
I sent him a pic on my phone of the problem and he was able to help us right away with what we needed.
His knowledge and expertise will have me following him wherever he works!
Thanks Eric!

I actually stumbled upon this place accidentally.
I usually go to Sun Auto across the street.
I am definitely glad that I came here this time around for an oil change.
It was their coupon that lured me in.
It was my first here and so far so good.
Received great and fast service.
Will be going back to get brakes done and other services.

Had another great visit at Goodyear.
Needed to change out my rear brakes.
Great service and great work.
Will be back for front brakes

Today was my first day that I visited Superior Tire & Service.
I came in for a simple oil change.
Mark got me in as soon as possible and I was done within a hour.
Before they finished with my car, Mark brought in some fluid samples from my car and compared it to what healthy fluids should look like for your car suggested if they need to be replaced or not.
I thought this was very helpful and now I know what needs to be done in the future to keep my car running in good shape (it's a 97 nissan maxima) still running great, I could drive across the country if I wanted to.
Also Mark and his team help identify the source of any leaks you might have if any and tells you exactly what needs to be done.
And you might think him telling you all this is a way of getting money but, they do not make any commission off a sale so whatever they tell you, it is to educate you about your car.
Overall I will be coming back for any type of car service I would need.

This place was great!
My tire needed plugged because I ran over a screw and they squeezed me in right away.
Mark and the rest of the staff were kind and very helpful.
I was in and out in 30 minutes.
I will be back when my brakes need replaced and my oil needs changed!
Thanks guys!

Not only do they understand and appreciate all members of YELP, but they have Superb Customer Service.
It took less than 25 minutes to get my car's oil changed and inspected.
During this time, I stayed in their waiting room, where they have I was able to watch the news on their flat screen TV and drink coffee.

I've been having some car trouble and was ripped off by several mechanics in the past month (including the BMW dealership!).
I had a flat tire and after being quoted some ridiculous price  at Discount Tire, I came to Goodyear.
The gentlemen at the front was so honest with me and took his time reviewing my options so that I could save money.
Instead of spending $800 at discount tire, I only spent $273 here and my car was done the same day!
I will definitely be back if I ever need other car service.
It's so nice to find an HONEST business!

Sean was outstanding from the time I called the store to getting my turn signal problem fixed and explaining what was wrong and what he did to get it fixed!
This was the best experience I have had at a car repair place since I moved to Vegas 2 years ago.
Incidentally, a car repair place down the street wanted to run a electronic diagnostic at a cost of $96 before they would even tell me what the problem was.
It turns out it was just a loose electrical connection which was fixed in a few minutes by this Auto service center!
I am definitely going to be coming here for all my future car needs.
Great customer service and very reasonable in their pricing!

First time here and first impressions last!
Excellent customer service and very patient with questions.
Clean area and super friendly people.

Needed a full synthetic oil change and my car just went over 70K miles so I wanted to get my vehicle inspected.
I looked on Yelp to find a good place to take it and came across Superior Tire (which had great ratings).
While getting my oil change here, they spilt a little oil on my engine, but without a blink of an eye, they degreased and gave me a full engine cleaning (I really needed it too).
It was nice they took full accountability for their minor mistake without me even asking and rectified it.
On top of that, they did the full vehicle inspection and told me everything was alright except that I needed to get new tires.
Which I already knew (tires are pretty bald), plus there was no hard sale on purchasing tires or getting other work done.
All the guys there are friendly with great customer service.
And the cherry on top was that I was able to save $25 on the Yelp deal they have right now.
Since then, I've gone back to get my serpentine belt changed...in/out in 30 mins, plus another $25 discount.
I will definitely go back again to get more work done on my vehicle when needed.

The guys here so sweet!
I recently moved into the area and I've been looking for a new place to get my oil changed and I think I've found it!
No gimmicks, no bs.
I didn't feel like I was being pressured into getting things I didn't need.
It wasn't like going to one of those fast service places like Jiffy Lube.
The atmosphere is so comfortable and the service is amazing!

I had been on a cross country road trip for the four weeks on the road.
As luck would have it, my car started making a horrible grinding noise as I was driving down the freeway just past Vegas.
Matt is the Assistant Manager who worked with me.
He was amazing and extremely friendly during the whole interaction.
They stayed late for me on a Sunday night to help me unload a U-Haul trailer that I had attached to the car and were 100% friendly about it.
All of the guys that helped out were completely cool.
I couldn't have asked for better service.
They were able to get my car looked at first thing Monday morning and called immediately to give me an estimate.
The front axle needed to be replaced.
They also mentioned that my tires needed replacing (which I knew), but didn't do any high pressure sales to get me to do them that day.
Just politely asked.
They finished the job as promised on that Monday just a few hours later.
They again offered to stay late and were very courteous and helpful with loading my trailer back on my Subaru Outback to finish my journey to Sacramento, CA.
I can't more highly recommend these guys.
My parents own a repair shop and I am familiar with the business.
The customer service was fantastic and every impression I got was that they were honest with me throughout the process.
Just do it!
Tell Matt Fried that Mark sent you from Yelp!
and give them some good feedback after they treat you right.

Was able to drop in with no appointment and they were able to work within my time frame for an oil change!
They honored the "check in" coupon and had a lot of parts in stock.
Mark was super pleasant!
Will definitely recommend to my friends and family!

These guys were amazing, quoted 1 and half hours in and out  they had me out in an hour.
Great service, friendly techs, walked through every step of the process.
Very highly recommend these guys!

Eric helped me with my car.
He let me know of a problem that would have been bad for my car and recognized it.
I recommend this place if you are looking for reliable professional service l.

If you ever need some tire work done, alignment even regular oil change this is the place to go, the employee mark is very helpful & knowledgable.
He works at the front.
He is the go to man for all Ur vehicle maintenance needs.
I truly trust this place to get any work done.
He will give you an honest write up an invoice of what going to cost you up front.
This place also have deals with YELP.
I use the check in offer to get my tires Mounted, dismounted & balance for Very fair price.
Good ppl working & providing great service.

Service is fine.
I had called to come in for a new brakes  because I saw a deal for 100$ brake service special they had going on that normally goes for 150.
I got an inspection and found out that I needed new rotors brakes and, oils?
$100 service is now $770.
I asked if the brake special was included and he said yes.
Ok cool...that's fine.
They assured me that I won't have issues after that and I believe them.
The reason for the 3 star review is for not honoring their special.
After I looked over the bill I asked Shawn if the special was included in the bill.
He had no idea what I was talking about so I showed him the coupon online and the coupon I had on hand.
He informed me that the brakes that are used in the special are very cheap brakes and wear down rather quickly.
Instead he used ceramic brakes on my car which are more expensive but much better...Gee thanks but I did not ask for that.
If he had known that that was the special I was talking about he would've told me that he ordered the ceramic quality breaks.
He apparently gave me a discount on these brakes so that is why they came out to be 150 not 200...no where on the bill did this "discount" apply so for all I know he was just trying to get me to accept the price...which I did because I was tired and wanted to just leave.
I guess what I want people to get out of this review is that if you're planning to come in for the brake special..don't.
Regardless of what brakes were used....I feel ripped off.
It wasn't much $ considering what the bill was but I won't be back.
I'm glad that I know now that Goodyear places poor quality brakes into your vehicles if you use a special that they offer.
Shady business.
** I was offered a 20$ discount on my next visit to change my transmission fluid as an apology for the mix up.
THANK YOU BUT NO THANK YOU.

I had written my previous review of Goodyear after a frustrating experience.
Within 12 hours of posting the review, I was contacted by Shane, the District Manager of Goodyear in hopes of resolving the issue.
This is the quickest response from management I've ever received after a discrepancy.
I am blown away by how apologetic and accomadating Shane was.
Prior to contacting me, he had pulled up my invoice and admitted that there was certainly a mistake that was made.
He offered me a refund of the overcharged $100 and an explanation.
This was simply a misunderstanding with a new staff member who was not informed of the promotions in place.
From what I understand after the explanation from Shane, Goodyear does offer the ceramic pads at the promotion price.
I don't exactly understand what the original sales employee had tried explaining to me at the time of payment about the different brake pads that are used, but Shane assured me that Goodyear stocks quality centric pads.
This review update is simply on the urgency that was taken by upper management to resolve customer issues regardless of how large or small they might be.
Goodyear is lucky to have an employee like Shane overlooking their locations.

Came in for an oil change and new brake pads, walking away with that and a smile, and for less than I thought!
Corey hooked me up with a sweet deal and quick; I highly recommend.

I must say this place is pretty awesome so far.
I've had my fair share of crapy auto shops where they screw you and not in a good way.
Took car in two weeks ago for an oil change and also check of the ac as it was blowing hot air.
Shop did a flush and recharge of ac and found a leak in my condenser.
Came back to get it fixed and they did another courtesy recharge for freon since it leaked out previously.
Thanks Mark :) You guys rock.

Phenomenal service!
Have serviced our family vehicles here and always have a great experience.
Eric is always super helpful they have a great staff and awesome customer service.
Would highly recommend servicing your vehicle here.

Five stars all the way, amazing customer service.
I had made a trip with my clunker a few hundred miles through the desert and felt like something wasn't quite right.
Brought it in before the long trek home hoping it was just an alignment issue ....which it wasn't, alas, my hooptie had a whole picnic basket full of woes under its hood.
But the guys here broke down all my options for me very clearly, and were upfront about the costs of each repair.
By the end of the whole saga, I had decided to junk it, so they only charged me for a $30 compression test I had asked for to see if the engine was still salvageable.

Needed help with my brakes (had metal on metal sound) - Shawn (or Sean) and Sonny helped me out by fixing my van fast, and with stellar service.
Highly recommend!

Buyer beware!
I brought my car in because the tranny was dripping a little.
Which I have came here before and had them do maintenance on my other cars.
They did a good job.
First time dealing with mark.Mark told me it was leaking from the silicon seal where the tranny seams together.
Okay I understand they need to pull the tranny to reseal it.
Which is a lot of labor time to pull it.
Really the only part cost is some silicon.
So let me get this straight 10dollars for silicon 1490 for labor.
Let's break it down,mark said it would be nine and a half hours.1490 divided that by nine and half it's like 157 a hour.
Wow crazy!
Had a couple other shops take a look at it.
At most 1000 and some at 800.
Buyer beware!

This was by far the best service I have ever received at any auto shop.
While driving to Las Vegas our Air Conditioning died in 112 degree heat and we needed to have it repaired.
Mark, Shawn and the whole team at Goodyear were amazing.
They listened to our story and understood the urgency as we were only a couple days into a week long road trip and needed to get back on the road.
This ended up being a much bigger job than anticipated but they never gave up and were committed to finding the problem and fixing it right.
They even stayed until 10:30pm one night even though they close at 7:00 just to try to fix the problem and get us back on the road, AMAZING!
It has now been 2 weeks and our AC has been amazing with no problems since.
While it is never fun to sit and wait around a service center on your vacation these guys are great and I would 100% recommend this shop to anyone.

I had been getting my car serviced here for awhile and that was honestly a huge mistake.
They replaced my serpentine belt and then about 2 weeks later my coolant light came on.
They said my water pump was cracked and wanted $180 for the part and $450 for labor.
This was about the 4th time I had to spend over $500 on repairs in 6 months, so I got a second opinion.
My water pump was not cracked, the coolant was just low!
If it were cracked, there would be a pink line according to a certified mechanic of my cars make (that I will not be naming.
) Also, the mechanic told me while they were replacing the serpentine belt they should've seen my water pump was cracked and charged less for labor if I could pay for the part while they were already under the hood.
I'm sure they can replace tires and do an oil change, but go to a real mechanic for other needs.

