What brings me back to The Vapery time and time again is the staff.
They are so knowledgable and passionate about what they do.
I'm a newbie to vaping and every time I come into the store they make me feel welcome AND they take the time to answer my questions and educate me on the products I buy.
Everyone there is great but a special mention should go out to Marissa, Mike and John.
They are awesome!

Will definitely be back!
Staff very helpful and friendly.
Very informative for a new user of vapors

I stopped by just to see what The Vapery had to offer.
I found the name of this shop to be classy, and when you first walk in it is, i suppose a little fancy.
There's a chandelier and nice seats that match quite nicely with the walls and showcases.
All their products are neatly set up and the overall mood The Vapery gives off is pretty good.
There weren't any other customers when i walked in so i just guessed it was a little too early.
I was immediately greeted once I walked in.
I went to check out the flavors they had to offer, and they carry 3 lines.
Pink Spot, Vapor Craze, and another brand that escapes my mind that the flavors didn't catch my attention.
Though they may of course be great for you!!
Also they will soon get their own line of juice which i'm looking forward to.
I tried one today and really liked what she mixed for me.
The testers or samplers are in 0 nicotine, except i believe the tobacco flavors, I find that it would be best to have testers at at least 6 nic for those who are just quitting but isn't too high for those who have been vaping already.
The testing station is clean and very neat, but wish i could test flavors by myself rather than asking for a flavor to be handed to me.
I understand that if someone's new you may want to direct them or help them choose but for those with experience i prefer not to have someone standing there.
As for their devices, they have a good variety of variable voltages, a few mechanical mods like the k100 and Avenger.
They also have some rebuildables, a good selection of drip tips, tanks and other accessories in its own showcase.
Service was good and the lady helping me was very nice.
She was patient with all the flavors i tested which is why i feel that i should test the flavors by myself rather than her having to wait for me to ask for another flavor.
As for Prices, it starts at 8 or 9 dollars per bottle depending on which line you go and they do have bigger bottle sizes which i find is the better deal per ml.
Just average and if they make their own juice i would go for it.
But i'm not too big of a fan for pink spot and since i've tasted the other 2 brands not too big a fan either.
To finish, i would come here again once they have their own line of juice as it's unique, but when it comes to the devices, you may find lower prices elsewhere.
The Vapery was a good experience, will perhaps come back again if i'm in the area.

The customer service is mediocre.
For instance, I asked if they had a certain product, the lady working the counter just pointed at the case and looked at me funny.
As if I'm going searching around all the cases for a single product.
The prices are waaay higher than most shops.
I purchased my vaporizer here, they gave me the wrong batteries for it; the 40 minute drive not worth even returning them.
You couldn't pay me to go back.
The only redeeming factor and why I'm giving it two stars is their inventory is solid and have quite a few things most shops don't.

Such a beautiful store!
Innovative, chic, clean and spacious.
This shop is very family focused, they treat each and every customer as a part of their family.
The customer service is divine and there is a wide variety of everything from flavors to mods.
Stop by to experience the best!

Great Vape place!!
The staff is amazing.
Marissa is so nice.
The owners are wonderful.
I was new to vaping and Marissa went above and beyond to answer all my questions; how to clean the tanks, how to change the coils, etc.
They sell different brands of vape juice and their own special blends and all were fantastic.
I had a problem with my first coil (it was bad, and not their fault at all) and they replaced it for me for free when I came in.
The store is beautiful and there is a station to test out flavors before you buy them which is great; you never know really by a name if you will like a flavor or not so this does help a lot!
They are right by my house and they are open late now which is great!
Highly recommend stopping in and giving them your vape business.
Great selection.
***Don't know why people are saying here on yelp that the service is so so, it is far from so so... some people are just hard to please, I suppose***

Brandy was great.
Explained everything really well and recommended a starter kit and some great juices.
Thx.
I'll be back.

This place is the nicest place I've seen/been to.
Their house flavor Beechin is the best flavor I've tested yet anywhere.
Very, very GREAT customer service and average prices....  Any issues I've had, they've fixed.
Any questions I've had, they've answered.
Best vape spot in my area, and I've been to them all.
Only spot I goto since I've found them...  A+ cleanliness A+ service A+ product A prices  Everyone is great here!!

EJ and Michelle are awesome!
Such great service!
The most down to earth people!
Highly recommend this spot!

Stopped by just to look at batteries and ending up getting one.
Friendly people and nice elegant spot just down the street!!
All their products were nicely lit up.

One of the best vape shops in town, not only bcus they're the only store that carries my top favorite juice, but also bcus the owners are wayy friendly, very welcoming & they're just straight up awesome.
They keep me updated when they restock on their juices that I like, they really go out of their way when it comes to customer service.
It's an ideal place for beginners & advanced vapers alike.
Despite the 45 minute drive from where my husband & I live, going to this vape shop is very much so worth the drive.

I stopped by to check this place out, maybe get some juice, ended up leaving with the provari kit (too good of a deal to pass up) and a bottle of juice custom made by the sales person helping me.
If you haven't been here yet you are missing out.
Great selection, great prices, and great customer service!

Great , clean store with well informed staff.
Lots of help with great deals.
Definetly my place to get my deals and great liquids.

Love this place, has great equipment and flavors!
And great customer service.
Everyone is so helpful and the staff knows what they are talking about and the place is very clean

This place is awesome!
Brandy and Michelle are for sure 2 good people to see when trying to decide.
Thanks for the help guys.

Perfect Vape Shop highly recommended for everything dealing with e cigs.
Great customer service.
Have to go in to appreciate the business.
Not your ordinary vape shop.

The Vapery is nice and sleek inside with attractive displays.
I go to their flavor bar and they keep only 4 brands: their own, vapor craze, pink spot and top vapor.
They use ego - c tanks for their samples and frankly they weren't working too great.
I was tasting a lot of burnt and having to clean the contacts.
I did tell the guy some of these were tasting burnt and the contacts werent helping.
He handed me items and I had to unscrew them and clean them and some still weren't right.
Shame.
They had a few mech mods, hybrids as well as more beginner vapes.
Decent selection I suppose with a little bit of everything.
I checked out the Lotus mod for my Kraken but ultimately decided to pass on it for now.
The people at the counter were friendly.
Definitely a positive experience with the people.
Overall though for me, it was just a ok experience since the juices/flavor station was not up to par.
I wanted to try more flavors but after getting many bad hits I just had to stop trying.

I was really impressed with this place, though admittedly I haven't been to other vape places, so I have no real basis for comparison.
(I bought my vaporizer and first juices from an already established smoke shop).
But it was nice and clean and the staff is friendly.
:) 5% off your order if you check in too!

Went here to buy vape's for me and my girlfriend.
Its a cool place but there are some downfalls on this place.
I bought 2 k100's and they were pretty good for the price.
But the RDA mods i got for them were not the best.
To get a build on your RDA you have to pay $5 for a build but why pay when you can go to other vape shops for free, you just have to tip the builder.
I was pretty disappointed on how they charged me for a build that wasnt even good and how my RDA's were not even drilled.
I dont think im going to come back to the vapery.
They need have better customer service and knowledge on the stuff they sell and better prices for their product on the store.

So went into the vapery was hoping to catch Elmer but he wasn't in but I came in to give them a second chance they replaced my top for my k100, got a better build on my RDA for free and overall BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE then my last visit.
Ill tell you this shop has better prices on clones then any competing shops around the valley if you're a resident in the Spring Valley area come to this shop.
Elmer goe's by his word I got my free 15ml juice, thanks to the vapery staff for the hospitality and the knowledge they provide for their customers .
I will definitely make you guys my shop to go to if i have any problems.
I hope you guy's get better staff when you hire that knows about vaping and the culture about it.
Thanks a lot again happy vaping.

The Vapery is a very cool spot to go to for all your vape needs.
I got greeted right away when I came in.
Very friendly staff.
EJ was most helpfull.
It was my first time getting a mechanical vape and he took his time to explain all options and got me a set up that I was looking for.
Recommended anyone who is looking to upgrade see EJ.
Lot of house juice that they blend there.
Love the mountain edge.

Just stopped in to look at some mech mods as the shop I usually go to was closed at the time I came here.
The place was very clean and sleek.
They had a great selection of just about everything.
The only reason for my rating is their prices!
Holy crap..
I understand profit, I have been in sales and customer service for 7 years, but that much inflation was a little ridiculous.
I kindly turned around and walked out of here probably to never return again.
I waited the hour, and went to my normal shop and saved thirty bucks on what I was eye balling here.
If you don't mind the inflation, by all means a great shop with a fabulous selection.
If you like to save money and don't mind shopping around, I don't suggest The Vapery.

It's been 8 months since I last said anything about the store.
There have been changes to the store where now you can order on line.
They have new flavors where as they all are very good.
If you have questions about vaping go and check them out and they can answer your questions.
Since being introduced to them I have not had a cigarette in 14 months.
I never thought I would be able to give up the bad habit of smoking.
So The Vapery thank you very much in helping me accomplish this if I can do it anyone can.
Go and see them and give up the nasty habit of smoking.

