Went for lunch today thinking it was still Swaddee Thai restaurant.
It wasn't, and I'm happy to report Cha Da Thai exceeds Swaddee.
I ordered the chicken panang curry (hot) lunch combo with a Thai iced tea.
Start off with a soup or salad (got the salad, which was crisp with a nice dressing), and then the meal arrives, sort of like a bento box.
You get an appetizer (I chose vegetable tempura - which was perfectly executed; including a piece of tempura avocado [!
] which was a interesting touch), rice, and the main dish.
You get a drink too, but this doesn't include the Thai iced tea apparently.
The "hot" was spicy enough where my lips were still tingling after I walked out the door, but not so hot that I couldn't finish the meal - the right balance between heat and flavor.
The only quibble was that it took a while to order but once the order was in, the service was friendly and  attentive.
I would chalk that up to the fact that they seem to still be in the opening process (contractors seem to be still installing things).
Overall, an excellent experience.
I'll definitely be a return customer and will bring people with me!

Yeah pretty legit Thai.
stopped by for dinner, had the pumpkin curry cause it sounded different.
ill definitely be back.

I've ordered takeout a couple of times from Cha Da, and can now offer a fair assessment of my experience.
Anyone can have a bad day right?
First things first, the service is great and you get 10% off if you pay with cash (nice bonus) and a good reason to let the plastic cool off.
The first time I ordered the spicy eggplant lunch special (a couple of weeks ago), it had VERY good flavor, the eggplant was deliciously soft and well cooked...unfortunately, it was drowning in grease.
I'm not a grease-a-phobe.
I can enjoy greeeeezy along with the best of them.
But this was a bit much.
They had run out of their soup, so I had it with the side salad.
The side salad was very tasty and fresh.
Today, I figured I'd give it another try.
This time, the eggplant dish was still soft, still well cooked, and it was not greasy.
In fact, it had very VERY little sauce at all.
Which is something I can overlook if I have to.
But not only was it not spicy,  it was lacking flavor and spices.
Very pretty to look at, but bland.
The soup, however, was DELICIOUS!
So was the thai iced tea.
Since it is really close to work, I'm sure I'll be back, but I doubt I'll order the eggplant again.

The new owners have made a very positive mark on the place.
Updated the decor, the service is still very good and the food is great.
An expanded menu and everything we have tried is excellent!!
Happy to have them in our neighborhood!

Enjoyed the most delicious Thai lunch today...everything was yummy and spicy.
The service and prices were excellent, too.
I always felt Swadee's was good, but Cha Da Thai is even better.
(probably par with Soi 4!
)  I look forward to returning soon :)) thank you!

A happy find.
The Tom Ka soup was good, creamy, sweet and lightly spiced with fresh vegetables and good quality chicken.
Liked the Pad Thai and the Red Curry.
The service was attentive and friendly.
I was sorry when Swadee went downhill, but I'm happy now that Cha Da has taken its place.

I've had lunch twice now at Cha Da Thai and it's been deliciousl The Pad Thai was excellent, ambience is lovely and the owners are welcoming and friendly.
This is definitely a new favorite.

I'm surprised at the good reviews.
4 of us went for dinner & 3 of us had bad meals.
How can someone make Thai food flavorless?
My meal (ordered #3 on a scale of 1-5 for heat) wasn't spicy at all; my sister's was hotter, & she ordered a heat level of 1.
Swaddee was infinitely better.
Try Thai House on Shea going west just past Walgreens, south side of street.
Hate to say it because everyone was so nice, but the food was definitely sub-par.

With great food comes unbelievably friendly service.
Go there with your kids.
Definitely will be back with my family.

Great food and service.
Clean place.
I wish they could make better thai iced tea, that is the only thing I don't like in this place.

Cha Da Thai is our new favorite Thai spot in Scottsdale!
We go at least 1 time per week and the food is always delicious.
We love the spring rolls and fresh roll, the Pad Thai is dynamite, and the curries are out of this world.
We usually order red curry with shrimp and vegetables, but the pumpkin curry is wonderful as is the Panang.
We also love the Pad Pak and several noodle dishes.
One person in our party ordered the spicy fried rice and said it was amazing.
The mango sticky rice and coconut ice cream are amazing as well.
I can't leave out the Thai Iced tea either.
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the last time the service needed some improvement.
Granted, the gentleman helping us was also ringing out customers and taking care of other tables, but he forgot our soup, our water was empty a lot, the chicken was left out of our Pad Pak and the timing of the dishes was way off.
This was the only time the service was poor and anyone can have an off night.
The food is so good that we are definitely willing to overlook a bad night of service.
The owner is an absolute sweetheart and Cha Da has a delightful family feel.
We are thrilled it is so close to our home and recommend it to everyone!
So far everyone we've sent has been very happy.

I have been to this restaurant 4 times and have eaten different things from the menu each time.
Each time and for each dish, I have been struck by the quality of the dish, the distinctive flavor of each dish and the quality of the food used in each dish.
I like my food very spicy and they are able to accommodate me with a very hot dish that is at the same time edible and enjoyable.
They serve outstanding food and the owner and the staff are professional, personable, and a pleasure to see every time we go.
Don't miss this one!
It is excellent!

I was recently in town for business and while there developed a bad cold.
Craving the sinus-clearing magic of a good curry I found this restaurant.
Upon entering my colleague and I were greeted like we were family.
The menu is extensive and extremely reasonably priced.
My colleague ordered a noodle bowl (mild) and I ordered the panang curry and asked for it medium spicy.
Our server seemed concerned that it might be too spicy for me but I told her I like spicy food.
When the food came the portions were huge.
I am sure that noodle bowl could easily have fed a family of four!
My curry was exquisite.
Just the right amount of spice to clear my sinuses but not too much that I couldn't taste the flavors of the dish.
I am so glad that I found this place and suggested (ok, insisted) that we eat there on our last night.
If I find myself in Scottsdale again I will definitely be back!

My husband and I showed up at 'Cha Da' expecting to eat at 'Swadee' Which was the name of the thai restaurant that was at this location about 2 months ago.
Swadee was by far our favorite thai food we have ever had so you can imagine we were disappointed to find that it was a different restaurant now.
The food was almost on par with Swadee, which means it was still amazing.

Having been to Thailand several times we can say that this is the best Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area.
The food is authentic and outstanding, the staff are friendly and very professional.
Kudos to Bussara, Wanvisa, and Tanarak.
Everyone must try this restaurant!

My family has decided to forgo the North Scottsdale excuse for Chinese food for a Thai dinner for Christmas Day.
We found Cha Da Thai on Yelp and are we glad we did.
The food was excellent and the service very friendly.
Don't follow the driving directions on Yelp.
It's a simple and easy location to find on the south side of Via Linda, in the strip center just west of 90th St.

Simply outstanding.
The price is right, the food is fresh and tastes great.

I'd like to give it 3.5 stars.... That said, Cha Da Thai is a good Thai joint.
Food is good, menu has a lot to choose from, and their curries are awesome.
I've been a number of times and have only had one bad experience...I believe they had someone else doing the cooking that night.

Very good Thai food, best I know of in the area.
As of summer 2013, new owners and cook in the longtime location of Swaddee; a big improvement.
Understaffed and slow on one recent visit, fine on another.

My experince at Cha Da Thai was wonderful !!
Food was fresh and great service was very good !
if your looking for a Authentic Thai food this is the place !

FINALLY able to add a 5 star review ( been a while).
The strip center location is not the easiest to find so, I was surprised to see this quaint neighborhood eatery near capacity on a Wednesday night.
We waited 5 minutes for our table and were immediately greeted by a very enthusiastic server who took our drink orders and returned to answer some of our questions.
She took her time to explain several dishes and cautioned us about the spice level.
We went with the pumpkin curry, steamed lemon fish and our old standby Pad Thai.
All three of us were happy with the freshness, presentation and appropriate spice levels.
The portions were good so, no desserts to report on, maybe next time.
This restaurant is very well decorated with art and sculpture from Thailand and,  seemed impeccably clean.
I know it is more of a locals spot but, I highly recommend it for out of town guests wanting fresh Thai cuisine.
It is very close to many Scottsdale hotels but, off the beaten track.
Thanks to Sha Sha for taking her time with us.
Be back soon!

I stopped by to do a take-out and the place was nicely decorated, very Thai I must say and the server was very friendly and helpful.
I placed my order and the lady behind the counter was so nice and so helpful and so informative.
She also had the cutest little Thai pants which she told me came from Thailand, of course.
I ordered tom ga kai and tofu panang and requested mild spice.
The tom ka gai was mild and loaded with veggies, very yummy and was tasty.
The tofu panang came out spicy!
I couldn't eat it and my nose was running and my tongue burning!
Guess it is hard to make curry not spicy???
They have an extensive menu and the people here are super nice and helpful, has a very homey atmosphere to it!
Met the owner, Nina and her mom!
Cute family..  Give this place a try!
They're more friendly than other Thai places that I've been to...

Excellent service...fabulous authentic Thai food...friendly hospitality...wonderful decor...five star greatness!!!!!
This was our first time at Cha Da Thai and we will be back for sure!!!!!
We started with the Mee Krob and Tom Kha Soup with Chicken.
Then, we had Prik Khing Salmon and Gaeng Garee (Yellow Curry Chicken with Potatoes and Sweet Potatoes) for our entrees with brown rice and really sticky rice!!
YUMMY TO OUR TUMMIES!!
On our favorite restaurants list!

We visited Cha Da tonight for the first time and it was delicious!
We ordered the yellow curry, the jasmine fried rice, and pad thai.
We started with Tom Kha soup, which was amazing!
The yellow curry was extremely tasty, flavored with coconut milk and just the right consistency.
The pad thai comes with chicken and shrimp, and the flavor was spot on.
There are two versions of the jasmine fried rice - spicy and not spicy.
We tried the not spicy version and adjusted the heat with different sauces available.
The staff was very friendly, and we even received a lesson on the origin of the restaurant's name.
We had a great experience at Cha Da Thai and will definitely be going back - soon!

I really have to force myself not to get take out from here every day for lunch.
They have this soup...aaah, it's so good!
It's kinda like Pho but you can order it at whatever spice level and with whichever noodle you want.
And it is so stinking good!
Yummy!
Oh, and they give a discount if you pay cash.
Pay cash!

My co worker and me use Yelp for a resource to find great food.
We found this little nugget and I have to highly recommend.
The ambience is excellent and the server was very nice and super friendly.
All of the food we ordered was delicious.
My favorite was the Cha Da Wild Lamb.

Destination worthy restaurant.
Amazingly good Thai food at uber reasonable prices.
Squeaky clean dining room & restrooms.
The room in this little mom & pop place is actually pretty.
Friendly, smart service.
I live in the SF Bay Area which is loaded with Thai restaurants.
Cha da is better than 99% of them.

This restaurant truly delivers.
We enjoyed our visit and had a fantastic meal.
My wife and I had a green curry dish and an eggplant based vegetable dish that were very good.
We reccomend!

One in a million is this restaurant that serves the best Thai food in America!!!!!
The decor was soo cute with the Thai headdresses and paintings!!!
I adore the pad see ew, the beef was nice and the noodles were full of great taste!!!
The Tum yun soup was amazing and sour which suits my taste!!
The server was soo nice and sweet!!
I'm sure that I would come back the next visit I come to Scottsdale!!!!!!

I have eaten at Cha Da Thai several times and really enjoyed the food.
It is some of the best Thai food in town.
The ambiance is nice too, and the owners are friendly.
Normally, this would be enough for me to give a five star review, but I can't because the service is awful.
My most recent visit was not a good experience at all.
It took a very long time for someone to take my order, the food took forever, and it also took forever to pay.
When my curry was finally ready, one of the servers struggled to get the dish to me, as she had no idea who had ordered it.
There seemed to be a general lack of attention to detail and confusion among the wait staff.
While I enjoyed the food, the poor service tonight has soured me on returning anytime soon.

Food was excellent and the service was very good.
Enjoyed the fact that the chicken was white meat and the beef had no fat.
I will definitely be back.
My wife and I just moved from California and were looking for a new Thai spot and we found it!

The restaurant looks Thai, but the food is not....maybe it is suitable for american thai food.
The meat are dry (all white meat), curry are waterly and no thai flavor, the soup is salty, the service is slow, inside the restaurant is dark.
After this meal, I think I rather go somewhere...won't go there again for sure.
The one star I give to the servers, at least they have a kind looking!
I see this restaurant been changing hands 3 times for the past a year, the location maybe a problem..but the food is the real issue....

Great place and great service.
Owner is very friendly and nice.
Servers were also.
They let my friend put on the cha da.
Epic service.

This is my second time here...
The staffs very nice and friendly...
Fantastic food, especially the Boat Noodle # 1...
The lady owner remember me when she saw me ( we talked on the first time i came)...
In conclusion, best Thai Food in town and excellence service...
I would come here more often and recommend this place to my friends..

This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley.
They offer far spicier options than other Thai restaurants in the area and everything was extremely flavorful and fresh.
I do think Cha Da Thai is a couple dollars more expensive than others (check my other Thai restaurant reviews), but it's completely worth it.
A nice bonus: Cha Da Thai has the most Thai ambiance/decor of any of the Thai restaurants that I've been too.

Had the kapow for lunch, hot.
Was good, but nothing exceptional.
Would try one more time to see if alternative dishes are better.
Service was good, friendly.

This place has excellent Thai food and Pho noodles.
The prices are very reasonable and they offer 10% discount if u pay cash.
The people are always friendly and the service is always good.
I encourage anyone in north Scottsdale who wants great thai for a great price to go!

Love this place!
A great family-run Thai restaurant with super flavorful dishes.
Everyone is really nice and attentive, you can tell their hearts are in it.
I've had a number of different appetizers and entrees and they've all been great so I don't want to single any out.
Just pick your favorite one and something new and enjoy!

Great place for a casual dinner!
The decor is warm (Thai theme) with comfortable booths and the service is great.
There is no long wait to be served your delicious meal.
The menu has a good variety (beef, pork, chicken, fish, seafood) with 4 degrees of heat.
The heat is real so be conservative!
I asked for medium/hot and would have been better with just medium.
Iced tea helped calm my mouth so np.
You really can't go wrong with anything you order and certainly a go-to place for us.

