I just move to this part of Phoenix close where the flower shop is located.
The sign catch my attention and decided to give it a try.
I decided to get flowers to take home.
The flowers look fresh and high quality, and the staff is very friendly.
Has soon I enter the store I was getting greet.
The florist ask me for the occasion, and told me that she an make the arrangement right away and that she can put it on a vase for me.
The arrangement turn out wonderful, great center piece, at a very reasonable price.

Best neighborhood florist I have ever used.
Very friendly!
It's worth the drive if you don't live nearby.
They deliver too!

Amazing florist!
I wanted to send a customized arrangement to my aunt for her birthday but wasn't sure what I wanted it to look like.
I gave them my price point, my aunt's favorite color and favorite flower and they put together an arrangement that far exceeded my expectations.
Their customer service was great and the florist's creativity is absolutely exceptional.
I don't order flowers very often, but I will always order from Blooming Expressions from now on!
Thank you for making my aunt's birthday so special!

Amazing flowers and super friendly service!!
I needed 2 corsages and a boutonnière for prom tonight!
Super last minute on my part....I was desperate to find a flower shop open Saturday afternoon and willing to accommodate my last minute order.
So happy to find Blooming Expressions on yelp!
The items are beautiful and the service was top notch!
Thank you...highly recommend!

I phoned to order flowers for a girlfriend who was in the hospital.
My call was answered promptly and when asked if I had any special request I asked for "bright & colorful".
To my surprise I was told the flowers would be delivered approx 1 hour later, wow!!!
I paid via cc and about an hour later received a text with 4 photos of the arrangement (gorgeous & sooo exceeded my expectations) and letting me know they were out for delivery.
Today I got a text from my girlfriend who said that not only were the flowers beautiful but nurses kept coming by just to see them!
That's a pretty awesome compliment coming from a bunch of nurses who probably see loads of flowers every day!
I will definitely be ordering again (and hope to be on the receiving end soon too ).

Dropped in for Mother's Day for some thing nice..,.flowers were beautiful-they put together an amazing bouquet for me on the spot.
Will definitely come back!
Pic posted-it's the purple bouquet : )

I stopped by here to buy a bouquet for my mom and the found the staff to be friendly, and the bouquet was beautiful and exactly as I had asked for it to be!
Prices weren't bad either!
Thanks :) Highly recommended!

Ordering flowers for my wife while working out of town is challenging, but they made it easy.
I usually feel like a moron with the other florist I had been using.
She even texted me a picture of bouquet twenty minutes after I called so I could see it before they delivered it - nice touch!
They crafted a beautiful collection of live plants and cut flowers.
My wife was the envy of all at her work.
She noticed I had used a different florist and kept telling me what a beautiful a beautiful job they did.
I'm sold:)

