I had come to this restaurant the other day thinking it was Kabuki Dining Bar going through a renovation.
I had asked the waitress when they started renovating and she told me that this was no longer Kabuki, it was now Sakana.
I was sad at first when I heard Kabuki was gone, but I was willing to give Sakana a chance.
Since Sakana was still going through the process of renovating, I noticed a few differences in some of the art hung up and a new flat TV playing K-Pop and American music videos.
As for the food, my husband and I were throughly impressed.
We decided to get the AYCE sushi for the dinner price of $22.95 (lunch is $20.95).
The waitress asked us if we wanted to add the All You Can Drink for an extra $3 (!).
We had to opt out, but its ok, next time!
Anyways we mainly ate nigiri, like Yellowtail, Salmon, Super White Tuna, etc.
They were all succulent and quite fresh!
I liked how there were sauces for some of the nigiri because they each complimented their fish.
We tried to order Uni (Sea Urchin), but a sushi chef (head chef maybe?
) came up to us in person to apologize that he couldn't get it shipped in this week because his supplier had told him the Uni weren't fresh due to weather conditions.
We were totally ok with that and both thought it was thoughtful of him to come over and tell us that.
So to all you sushi lovers out there, come over to Sakana... Their food is definitely worth trying!

I happened to be around the area and decided to check this place out due to good word of mouth.
Sakana used to be Kabuki, but quite honestly the change to Sakana was a good change.
The first thing was that the sushi chefs were really attentive and made lots of small talk.
My plate and cup weren't empty for long after I had finished my food or drink.
I tried about every type of nigiri they had besides 2-3 of the items that I tend not to try in any sushi place and I must say every piece was fresh.
The sauces that came along with the nigiri complimented each piece of fish very nicely.
I also liked the fact that the tako was cut thinner than in most other places.
I prefer not to spend 5 minutes trying to break down a piece of octopus.
The rolls in the menu were also quite varied and I managed to try the baked lobster roll and a tempura/eel roll.
Both rolls were quite good and I would have tried a few more, but by that time I was getting full on nigiri.
Overall though Sakana was really good and I encourage people to give it a shot.
I've tried quite a few places and I can say that Sakana is up there in terms of Vegas AYCE.
Hopefully they can keep it up because if they do there will be another solid ayce spot in town.

Its hard to find good local Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas.
This is a great find with top notch food.
Food was great and price was only around $20 per person( Buy 2 get 1 free alcohols).
The service was great and my dishes were excellent.
The fish was very fresh and the chef special rolls were very unique and delicious.
Highly recommend

My favorite AYCE spot so far!
Ive tried a ton and this is the place.
The wait staff is very friendly as well as the sushi chefs.
I've been here three or four times now and every time they would bring over something different for us to try as the chef's new specials.
The fish is very fresh.
Ive never seen more than a few people in here at a time so its nice to go to a sushi bar that isnt totally packed all the time.
This place is a must try

If you are looking for fresh sushi restaurant this place is perfect place.
They offer fresh fish with reasonable price.
The service was great.
They focus a lot on customer satisfaction.
I strongly recommend to try this place you gonna love this awesome place.

We came thinking it was Kabuki and boy was I surprised when I walked in and there was Ryan, my favorite Sushi Chef (from another place which shall remain nameless)!
I was extatic!
I love the choices, the sauces, and how friendly the chefs are.
If you like spicy tuna, you have got to try the "Crispy Rice" roll.
Yummmmmm!
And their Japanese Lasagna, made with crab stick....that's always my dessert!
Ummmm, did I mention the baked green muscles....oh now I am getting hungry again!
With their prices just right, their drinks keep flowing, the fish is OH so fresh, and then the staff being so awesome!
You just can't go wrong.
It's a little hard to find, nestled in on the right hand side of Target, but its worth looking for!
I have found my new Sushi spot!

I love it here.
Way better than Yama.
The rice to fish ratio is great.
You gotta sample the sashimi salad.

Yummy Sushi!
The staff is super nice and very helpful!
The location is a little hard to find.
It faces Maryland Pkwy and it's on the right side of Target.

Recently learned of this new sushi Joint and my husband and I tried it this past weekend.
Customer service was great and we appreciate good service.
Must try: oh my gosh roll, paprika salmon nigiri, jackpot roll and tempura ice cream

So glad we found this place.
The staff us very friendly, and they accommodate some of my picker tastes.
(For example, I could live without the garlic ponzu sauce or mayonnaise for the rest of my life.
) They have a wide selection of signature rolls, including a section of spicy rolls, which appealed to me.
I tried the "Call 911" and "I Need Water" rolls; both made me happy.
The Cocaine Salad was delicious.
The giant shrimp was a little too sweet for me, but my wife loved it.

I was really excited about trying a new sushi place!
You know me...
I tend to stick with the restaurants that I love.
Sakana caught my eye as I was Yelping so we decided to venture out of our comfort zone.
The verdict...
The nigri quality wasn't very fresh.
Salmon was a bit slimy, octopus was rubbery and tasted like it had freezer burn and some other things were just really "fishy.
"  The good part about the nigri was that there was hardly any rice.
The yellowtail and squid were decent but other than that I wasn't too impressed.
The rolls were good but I think the sauce covered up a lot of the extra fishy taste and smell.
I ended up ordering things from the kitchen like the soft shell crab (really good actually) and calamari tempura to fill up my stomach.
We were the only ones there for lunch which was a bit weird for a Saturday.
The service was attentive and even though it wasn't the best sushi that I've ever had I hope it does well.
Unfortunately, I probably wouldn't venture back in if I am on this side of town.

They had a couple specials tonight that were great.
First was a seared piece of tuna with a slightly sweet sauce that they called toro steak really fresh and really good.
Then some salmon belly with a dab of real wasabi not sure which was better the real wasabi or the belly .
Last special of the night that I really like was some mixed fish poke that was wrapped in a thinly sliced cucumber I think.
All of the rolls that we had were good but I'm into ngiri.
There was some mackerel that was great and all the fish was very fresh tonight.
The chef kept bringing little dishes like some scallop in the shell with salty lemony sauce and some black and regular masago.
Great place I hope the quality stays and the price 22 bucks if I remember right

New sushi place with nothing but 5 stars?
You know I had to see what all the excitement was about for myself.
Me and boo thang did the AYCE (of course) and I was immediately excited when the server told us we're allowed to do half orders for rolls.
Instant like.
One of the first few items we ordered is salmon nigiri, which is the criteria by which I judge each new sushi spot.
And the verdict is......it was aiiiite.
The good, there was a whole lot more salmon than other places usually offer.
The bad, it wasn't as fresh as I'd hope for.
But I can't complain because the level of freshness is pretty much the same as Yama Sushi.
They offer a good selection of rolls, however they all seem pretty mediocre.
But to be honest, I don't really care much for rolls anyway.
A plus is that they will allow you to add a quail egg on a masago or ikura nigiri free of charge -- I've had run-ins at other restaurants where they charged me extra as part of the AYCE D':   If I'm on this side of town and Goyemon is packed, I'd definitely head over to Sakana.
I even think it's safe to say that Sakana is #2 on my favorite AYCE sushi spots.

I was excited to learn about a new place near work, though it is unlikely I would eat there for lunch due to crazy parking limitations (at work getting a spot upon return).
However, I can always stop by for dinner.
Eric R. and I went here this past weekend prior to my dropping him off at the airport.
We were seated at the bar in front of Chef Sai and also Chef Dragon (truly a cool name!
) - the service and interaction with the sushi chefs was remarkable.
Our server was on the quiet/shy side, but she was certainly nice and refilled our drinks as needed.
The only app I ordered was the shishito peppers, which were teeny tiny but tasty and covered with bonito flakes.
We had a lot of sushi options.
I nearly passed out when I saw the specials board read "YUZU YELLOWTAIL BELLY" but alas, no belly in stock.
Instead, we got salmon belly so that is a fine swap.
There is a delicious yuzu sauce similar to Monta Chaya's drizzled on sushi like tai.
We got whole scallop that was slightly seared via blowtorch also.
Eric R. was happy because he could order half rolls of many kinds of rolls to try.
I got a salmon skin handroll which was delicious.
I did not see handrolls on the menu but Chef Sai happily obliged.
I got amaebi which did not come with heads initially but were happily given upon request.
We also got the cocaine which is a super spicy sauced sashimi salad.
The sauce has habanero oil and gave my nose a nice run hehehe.
Saba is house cured and very tasty.
Chef Dragon gave us an assortment of the freshest of the day for us to try, including, sake, escolar, maguro, and hamachi.
I also got tako with lemon (asked for sesame oil but it may have been misheard).
I ended with the super rich dessert uni with quail egg.
The quality was quite good.
The ambiance is very different from its predecessor Kabuki, and it is painted dark and is a bit funky behind the sushi bar, with pictures and written menu like Ichiza's walls.
Great conversation with sushi chefs.
I will return.

I am really happy they replaced Kabuki!
The sushi chefs here are so friendly and attentive.
Even when we sat at a table with the kids they took the time to listen to our customization (hubby likes super spicy but hates garlic and mayo.
I eat anything as long as it isn't spicy, my son likes spicy but not too much and loves cream cheese).
They also have special dishes on the weekend, which so far have been wonderful!
I like that not everything is a roll or drowned in sauce.
Definitely try the Scallop Nigiri, no mayo, the amaebi with the head fried, the toro steak if they have it, and the Sakana Poki.
The sashimi salad is good (the shrimp tempura is sometimes a little stale but otherwise great dish).
My younger son loves the short ribs, he had three bowls.
The shrimp tempura is a little different than other places, the batter is different but tasty.
Definitely come give them a try!
Worth the drive from other parts of town.

I heard about Yama Sushi's new competition across the street and decided to check them out for lunch the other day.
I loved it!
The quality is fresh and their portioning is ridiculously generous for the rate they charge for their AYCE (Lunch: $20.95, Dinner:22.95).
I'm obsessed with salmon and I need you to know that you MUST order their salmon nigiri.
Our server was very attentive and our orders came in a very timely manner.
I suggest you try them out before this hidden gem gets too popular and you can't get a seat!
I'm definitely going back to try their limited dinner items!

I'm not a fan of most sushi restaurants in Vegas.
There are a couple expensive ones on the Strip that are great but pricey, and otherwise there are very few spots that I like in a more affordable price range.
Sakana, however, far exceeds my expectations.
The chefs will talk with you, they're very friendly, and offer excellent recommendations.
If you ask for whatever is good that day, you will get some great sushi, and it won't be the same every time either.
I've already been here 3 times since I found out about it a month ago, and each time I've been served a different array of dishes, every single one of them outstanding.
But the most impressive thing about Sakana is that they actually cook great sushi rice.
This is very rare for sushi restaurants in Vegas, and in my opinion makes a huge difference in the quality of the meal.
On top of the excellent food and chefs who I love, the prices are fantastic.
At $22.95 for all-you-can-eat dinner as well as 2-for-1 beers during happy hour, the check will be about the same as any other all-you-can-eat sushi place in town, but the meal will be a hundred times better.
I urge you to sit at the sushi bar.
The chefs are engaging and entertaining, but they will give you time to talk among yourselves when appropriate.
And if you're adventurous (or already know how amazing it is), order quail egg, because it's one of the best things I've ever eaten anywhere.

Great service and amazing food!
The fish was fresh and the rolls were delicious.
Out of all the all you can eat sushi restaurants my husband and I have tried, this is our favorite!

It's hard not to give Sakana five stars when the nigiri fish to rice ratio is so overwhelming that you could wrap the rice with the fish.
Yes.
That's how much fish they give you.
Of course, this would mean nothing if the fish quality wasn't also very good.
I realized last night that it's the perfect ratio.
I enjoy sashimi, but I couldn't do all-you-can-eat without requesting a bowl of rice.
At Sakana, I felt like I was eating a long cut of sashimi with a little bit of rice attached for good measure.
There are a couple things Sakana does that are a little different.
First, they serve uni in basic nigiri format as opposed to gunkanmaki (I found that on wiki); in other words, they don't wrap it in nori.
That's not a bad thing.
Second, rather than give you a whole salmon kama, they serve it up as bite size portions.
Not necessarily a bad thing but worth noting.
AYCE sushi dinners are usually a blur.
Rather than try to list everything I remember enjoying, I'll just refer you to Tony T's photos.
And of course, I cannot forget about dessert.
They have the staples like mochi and tempura ice cream, but I decided to get the less common Green Tea Panna Cotta and the Black Sesame Blanc Manger.
Both were a great way to cap the dinner.

For my 400th review: sushi - that seems like a lot since I've only been Yelping for a little bit over a year.
One of my favorite things is sushi and here's a new place to try.
I went here with a group of Yelpers (thanks Tony!).
Signage still says Kabuki and even the tea cups still say Kabuki as well.
It's easy to miss if you didn't know this place exists.
It's in the Target complex on Maryland and Flamingo.
We tried a bunch of nigiri, rolls, desserts, etc.
My favorites out of everything we tried were pink scallops, sashimi salad, salmon belly nigiri, wasabi tobiko nigiri, unagi nigiri, soft-shell crab, black sesame manger, plum ice cream and green tea Panna cotta.
The pink scallops were fresh and topped with roe.
Sashimi salad has shrimp tempura, tuna and salmon.
Salmon belly nigiri was nice and fatty.
Wasabi tobiko was pretty and yummy.
Unagi was nice and smokey.
Uni is served differently here.
The rice isn't wrapped in nori with the uni on top.
I've been a recently-converted soft-shell crab fan - I've had one too many bad soft-shell crabs back in the day that didn't deserve my precious allergic reaction time.
Theirs is lightly breaded, crispy and yummy.
They have a good selection of desserts which are all great.
For AYCE, it's only less than $25/person for dinner.
That's really cheap for quality sushi.

Great food, FRESH fish, VERY good fish/rice ratio, and all for ONLY $22.95!
Yes, I have had BETTER quality fish around town.
Yes, I have had better AYCE sushi.
BUT to have all the above check marked, it makes it a VERY GOOD AYCE SUSHI SPOT!
Service was fast and friendly, orders were taken promptly, and food showed up quickly!
They were a little quiet on this Wednesday night, but there is plenty of room for large groups here!
Some notables :  The Soft Shell Crab...AMAZING!
Loved every bite...this was the highlight of the night for me!
It's not limited to 1pp either!!
Maybe I can just fill up on these next time, without them giving me the evil eye!
Nigiri : Garlic Tuna, Hamachi, Super White, Amaebi, Unagi, and Scallops were all great!
Lots of these have little additions to them, so be sure to specify if you want your fish "naked" or how chef prepares them!
Most of the nigiri had such a crazy fish/rice ratio, that you could wrap the fish all the way around the rice if you wanted to...end to end.
It's like AYCE sashimi with a touch of rice!
Since we came in a large group, I was able to try some of the rolls too...everything was pretty good!
They have lots of good appetizers as well, to stand out from the heavy competition in Vegas.
I am sure we will be back :)  Tons of pics!

I went the same time as Paolo, Lisa, Cathy and Shawn along with some others that haven't posted their reviews yet.
I do agree that the bang to buck ratio especially for all you can eat sushi is incredible here.
Shawn isnt kidding at all when he mentions the fish to rice ratio, they don't crop the slice to the rice, instead they leave a giant slice that's long enough to wrap around the rice which is quite a noticeable change as compared to other spots.
Another thing that impressed me what the Goyemon-like policy on no limitations to how many desserts you can get.
The plum ice cream was by far some of the best ice cream I've had in a sushi joint.
So why a missing star?
Well of the things we ordered were sauce heavy, they really sauced up some of the dishes.
A few of the appetizers lacked an explanation on the menu but instead said something long the lines of 'hey you!
order me i am friggin amazing!
' and when it comes it's nothing more than krab (that fake crab that's made from fish paste) in a deep fried shell drizzled with sauce.
Not to say it wasnt good, well to me it wasnt that's just due to my hatred of krab with a K, but had i known i would have not ordered it and went for more nigiri.
definitely on my radar now as an all you can eat sushi joint that has great value for what you get but i'll be steering clear of the sauced items.
Yelp 100 - 045 of 100

Because it is all you can eat type place, they don't use the best quality fish.
It was pretty fresh but I can tell from my many years of working in a fish market.....

this place to use to be kabuki.
i got here for lunch and when i was looking through some of the pics i saw so many rolls and items i wanted to try unfortunately it was only for dinner.
so make sure that the items you want to try is not only for dinner.
as we arrived we were greeted and seated right away.
the place was nice and cozy.
we got our drinks and started of with baked muscles- yummy, spicy garlic edamame.
very flavorful.
seaweed salad- it was ok .
it comes in a very small serving.
short ribs- very good and tasty, shrimp tempura- can't go wrong.
who's your daddy- very sweet, and "this shit" -very good.
our second round we tried hawaiian roll, lobster roll, salmon with lemon, and a bunch of others.
everything was very delicious.
just becareful with the baked rolls as they can be very filling.
my fav of all time is garlic tuna.
our waiter was very attentive and gave and asked to refill our drinks and taking away our plates that is finished.
i ended it with a ice cream tempura.
also side note alot of things ive notice are small servings compared to other all you can eat joints.
I will be back oh did i mention lunch is 20.95 and dinner is 22.95!

One of only two(that I know of) TRUE All-You-Can-Eat sushi joints in town, and possibly the cheapest price in town, Sakana is a solid contender in the AYCE sushi arena.
After reading highly rated reviews yet again by fellow yelpers, we had to check Sakana out for ourselves, and we are glad we did!
We came in for lunch and sat up at the bar with Chef Sai who is very personable and funny, yet passionate about his sushi.
We had called ahead of time and asked what the difference between the lunch price ($20.95) and the dinner price ($22.95) was...they don't offer some items at lunch as they do for dinner so just do yourself a favor and go all in, pay the dinner price, and KILL IT!!!!
Appetizers, Rolls, Nigiri, Dessert....besides the standard one per person Uni and Amaebi(which automatically comes with a fried head) As much as you want, as much as you can put away-half rolls too, so you can try different ones the fish quality was great,(Of course, the top tier fish are found at Kabuto, Yonaka, and Yummy Grill at W Lake Mead) and I especially like that for the Uni nigiri, you get the entire roe!
That is something that Chef Sai is proud about, and from him being able to select the ingredients straight from the source, that's what allows him to charge these amazingly low prices.
The fish to rice ratio is pretty awesome too.
I'd say he uses no more than oh.......about 50 grains of rice per nigiri, so you can enjoy the fish without the rice overkill.
Everything we had was very tasty!
Sakana also offers a good variety of appetizers, salads, and other side dishes that are worth a try too.
Chef Sai has definitely done his homework and dined at the competitors around town to see how he can stand out from the rest of them.
Although we stuck mostly to nigiri and appetizers, we tried the Sashimi Roll which was very artfully  presented, and was very delicious.
Chef Sai also gave us a Pink Scallop that was in the shell and presented with mango salsa and ponzu which was on his specials board.
I had room for half a roll more before dessert, so I asked Chef Sai to make me a half roll of anything he wanted to make it with, so it was shrimp tempura and crab in the center, wrapped with maguro and hamachi topped with red onion and ponzu I tried looking for it on the menu, but I couldn't find it...(it was a custom roll) "Which one is this one?
" I asked.
He replied  "It's the which one is this one roll..LOL!!!
" Good times with Chef Sai!
Desserts are pretty good here too.
The Plum Ice Cream is delicious and so is the Black Sesame Blanc Manger.
If we are ever in the area again and a craving hits, we will most definitely be back!
ALOHA!!

Interesting.
I'd been wanting to try this place ever since reading Amber-Rose K.'s groundbreaking review, and I finally got my chance today.
Parking was a bit tougher than in the old days of Kabuki Dining Bar (previous ownership) since there's now more places open in this small plaza.
You can still see the old signage and the same layout from Kabuki, and there's still some of the old specialty desserts (green tea panna cotta, black sesame blanc manger).
Everything else is different.
This place reminds me of Sushi Koma.
It's kinda a Koma-lite if you live on this side of town and aren't trying to find sushi at 2 am or whatnot.
Adorning nigiri with sauces and whatnot is reminiscent of Koma, and here they also have interesting appetizers including the crispy rice (loved it), the bulgogi nachos (careful with the cream cheese), and a recently added appetizer in red text (I won't type the name here because might find it offensive).
I wasn't told in advance that you place nigiri and roll orders on paper (may not be applicable to bar area seating).
It's something I've only seen in California, never Vegas, but it actually does help you plan out your meal.
You still verbalize order appetizers, specials, and desserts, so no worries there.
I've started to find that some places will honor dinner prices (and therefore menus) at early hours, so I was also able to get the sashimi salad (really good), sashimi roll (wrapped in unobtrusive cucumber) and some of the dinner-only specials from the board including toro steak (basically seared and sauced), salmon belly (always welcome), and a white fish sashimi kinda thing that was pleasant (see pictures).
The biggest improvement over Kabuki (and vs. Koma, actually) is that Sakana does not limit you on dessert.
I'm a big dessert guy, and I tried a little bit of almost everything.
The sweet and smooth plum ice cream was the best, the mango mochi was as expected, and the black sesame blanc manger was a nice change of pace.
I was disappointed that the green tea ice cream was a little lacking in flavor and was too icy compared to the plum as well as to some green tea ice cream that I've had at another sushi establishment recently.
I can't really put my finger on why I didn't get the best impression from this visit.
I enjoyed a lot of items, and I liked having the dinner specials for just $22.95 (vs. $20.95 lunch).
Maybe it was the nigiri.
The fish-to-rice ratio is great, but each piece didn't fill my mouth as much as I'm used to since the fish comes in long and thin slices.
It could also be that I just hadn't built up enough of an appetite at lunchtime.
Most likely, however, I'd say it was because I just had the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas twice this week, and that place just crushes Sakana in a direct competition.
I'm willing to return here, and you should give this a try if you're an AYCE fan, but I like some of the other places just a little more.

After all those rave reviews on Sakana, I requested for hubby and I to have dinner here, on a Friday evening.
When we arrived, it wasn't busy whatsoever, so we sat on the other side, which was separated by plants etc.
However, it was 10 minutes before the male server realized that he had customers sitting on that side.
He then took our drink order and though I was ready to place my order, he said he will be right back since another couple arrived.
Service was SLLLLOOOWWW.
It feels as if though they are short on servers.
When he finally came back to ask for our order, of course I order uni, amaebi, then he stop me and said, "We ran out of uni and amaebi.
Let me go check.
"  Then he disappeared for a while.
When he came back, he handed us a sheet to order from and verified that they do not have uni and amaebi to order.
So I ordered items on the special menu (toro steak, salmon belly, white fish), saba, superwhite, salmon, scallops, salmon kama.
Server came back to let us know that they are out of salmon kama, how about Hamachi kama.
We said yeah that's cool.
He left and returned to let us know that they are also out of hamachi kama.
For the items that we did order, the only thing that tasted good was the salmon belly and toro steak.
Other items were doused with too much sesame oil, tasteless, or downright odd (the scallops tasted like they were previously cooked).
So at this point, I had given up on order anything else since I do not want to stuff myself with mediocre sushi.
Earl however, is eating for sustenance.
We never, ever, order sushi rolls at AYCE.
But this night, Earl did.
He eat, just to eat.
We overheard another table said that they couldn't order chicken fried rice because they are out of it.
How they heck do you run out of chicken fried rice when your restaurant isn't even that busy?
We learned from another yelper that visited Sakana earlier that a health inspector came by earlier and service slowed down a lot.
Guess that explains some parts to the evening, but what about mediocre sushi?
Conclusion:  Goyemon is still the best.
We will not return to Sakana.

Went here on a Thursday noon and the place was not busy at all.
This restaurant opened just about two months ago according to the chef, and they still have the old signage of Kabuki outside so it was slightly challenging finding this place.
I'm glad I persevered and found it or I would have missed one hell of a treat!
Ayce lunch here goes for $20.95, not the cheapest but definitely well worth it!
I was able to sample the majority of their nigiri and just one roll.
Their nigiri is top notch, subjectively better than Yama's, Goyemon's, and Daisho's (my former top three for nigiri in an ayce).
The way they cut the fish is different in that the fish is extra long (see the pics), which makes for an awesome fish to rice ratio.
Many of the nigiri comes dressed with an appropriate sauce and is truly yummy!
I suppose the nigiri purists out there may not like "pre-saucing" that much but how they did it here is just right imho.
I guess you can always ask for no sauce if that's your fancy.
The singular roll I had (something's wrong roll) was awesome too.
I also had a cup of miso soup, an order of seaweed salad, and the green tea panna cotta, which were good but didn't really stand out.
I wish I didn't come here by myself so that I could have sampled more items as I can only eat so much alone.
They have a bunch of appetizer and dessert items that I would have loved to try.
I found out after my meal that I could have ordered half rolls so I'll try that next time.
In summary, Sakana is a new Japanese staffed sushi bar that serves awesome sushi with a modern twist.

I found this new AYCE sushi joint by fellow yelpers.
Thanks!!
I still like going to Umiya and Sushi Koma, but I felt like trying out a new place.
There were about 4 tables filled with guests on Friday at lunch time.
Service were a little slow at begining, but very friendly server workng hard by herself.
There Nigiri cuts are a thin cut and longer compared to other Sushi places.
The ratio to fish and rice is perfect, it was so long that you could completely wrap the tiny rice ball with fish, so your rice don't soak up the soysauce too much.
Uni and Amaebi were very fresh and melts in your mouth.
I had a baked lobster roll and the amount th sauce on top was not overpowering the roll.
The sign stills says Kabuki, I am guessing they will put up their own sign pretty soon.
This place is so much better than the place acrossed the street and more fresh fish!

Went back here on a Friday night for ayce dinner ($22.99).
If I thought lunch here was already outstanding, dinner kicked it up a couple of notches higher!
Aside from more menu items being available during dinner, the mood and ambiance of this restaurant is way nicer.
The place was nearly full of people, the sushi chefs were having fun, and there's just this atmosphere perfect for unwinding after a long work week.
Being my second time here, I can say that the food quality and presentation has improved.
I don't know if food is just deliberately more elaborately prepared during dinner service or if it was a planned improvement altogether.
We sampled most of the dinner-only items and the stand outs to me are the sashimi salad, screaming-o, sashimi roll, and the towering poke.
Heck, everything we ordered was fantastic!
One thing I should mention is that while service did seem to lag a bit during Sakana's peak occupancy while we were there, I can tell that it's definitely not due to lack of effort or enthusiasm of the kitchen and wait staff.
Our servers had a great attitude even when things were frantic.
Overall, our food was delivered just as fast as we can eat them and our glasses not empty for very long.
Sakana is definitely legit and is a must try for ayce sushi addicts.

For a $22.95 all u can eat dinner, it is a good deal for an average quality sushi place.
Service was great.
But it is not a top quality sushi place.
If u are looking for quality, go somewhere else.

Tried this AYCE sushi place for lunch with my wife.
Located in the Target shopping center on Maryland and Flamingo.
It's at the end of the strip mall and still says Kabuki for the name.
AYCE lunch was only $20.95 which is pretty reasonable.
They have quite a decent selection of appetizers, rolls, and nigiri.
I especially like that they don't have a lot of stipulations such as time limit?
(Not that i saw anyway), no limits on desserts or really much of anything.
Pretty generous.
Rolls are good and put together well, with very fresh fish, not too much rice, and just enough sauce.
Nigiri sushi was excellent.
Nice big pieces of fish and just a little ball of sushi rice.
Excellent quality and nice selection.
Apps were decent and had some different offerings including bulgolgi nachos and something called "the shit".
Not quite sure what it was but it looked like it's name.
Lol.
Some kind of tempura log.
Good dessert at the end with all the various ice creams.
Overall nice small restaurant.
Quiet and clean.
Excellent quality sushi served fast and with great customer service.
Our waitresses were great very nice and hospitable and made sure we enjoyed our lunch.
Great place for AYCE.
Looking forward to try their dinner menu next.

CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN: Watching your wallet but want to pig out on sushi and sake?
They have excellent service to go with their quality fish and offer a good variety on their AYCE menu - which will only cost you around $20 for lunch and $22 for dinner.
Can't beat that!
THE MEAT:  We went in for lunch on a Wednesday and were 1 of the only 2 tables there.
Our server was so friendly and attentive and the food came out in good time and pace.
The soft shell crab was light and served with a tasty ponzu sauce.
"The shit" (crab and cooked salmon in nori, deep fried and served with yum yum sauce) didn't quite live up to its slang name (I wonder if they chose it for its aesthetic resemblance).
The salmon kama was presented beautifully (as all of their food are)... it is a piece not quite on the collar itself but still very tender.
The monkey brains will please any fusion fan, it surely teased my palette with familiar crab salad mixed with sweet banana tempura.
I wanted to hate it so bad, but got quite the opposite effect.
And the sushi, my oh my.
The fish to rice ratio is ridunculous!
We loved the salmon, hamachi, super white tuna... and the lasagna roll is good if you like cream cheese.
How they make profit for serving great quality with an extensive AYCE menu for so cheap in a low key neighborhood eludes me.
I do hope they can keep up the exceptional value for your money!
I would totally franchise this spot.
Binge on good sushi with flip flops here or hide in one of the dark corners with an ugly mistress.
GOGOGO!
(P.S.
I recommend not bringing the kids unless it was for lunch, or if they are capable of behaving like... college students out for sushi and sake.
)  I'M STILL DIGESTING...
The Japanese pop music videos filled with scantily clad grown high school students.
Now there's a night's worth of conversation over sake.
WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN?
:-)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sakana-las-vegas?select=Sp-krUlCJtfDPC2oyi-YxQ#HbFGHKTvwRV29TBkPC94mg

"Why me, Jesus?
WHY ME!?
"   So I didn't actually say that, but THAT'S HOW I FELT after eating here when everybody else apparently had the time of their lives.
We rolled in on a Friday night and saw the below -   + Party of a lot of people in the dining room.
OK, a crowd is a good sign.
+ Seats at the sushi bar.
On a Friday night with no wait?
I'll take it.
+ Huge fish to rice ratio.
That's my attempt at "low carb.
"   We sat down at the sushi bar and our server came by with our drinks pretty quickly, and we hit the ground running with our orders.
At this point in the story, it's important to note that on a Friday night with a massive group that took up half of the restaurant, there were only two sushi chefs.
Not for the sushi bar.
I mean, for the whole place.
I gave them the benefit of the doubt for the first few orders because I knew that a group of that size could definitely put a dent in the operation.
But after our requests kept getting sidetracked time after time, it became frustrating as we saw our orders get plated with more focus on the presentation than the service speed...only to see it get served to someone else.
This was on top of the fact that a few of our orders were also "lost" - not just at the sushi bar, but in the kitchen too.
Those bulgogi nachos that I finally mustered up the courage to try?
I'll never know how they tasted because they never hit the table.
Ehh, so maybe this was an isolated incident - I can see that happening.
I'm willing to give it another shot, but with so many other AYCE sushi options available around town, it's going to be a while before I swing by again.

This place deserves an updated review after my 2nd visit.
With finishing up my Goyemon stamp card, I now feel like I have the freedom to eat whatever sushi spot I please without having the feeling of "oh that could have been another stamp to fill before my card expiration date" feeling.
With that said, I think Sakana should take up punch cards!
I mean don't get me wrong, Goyemon is great, but it's the power of the punch card and the idea that I could get a free meal soon that kept me tied to the place for so long.
Oh and the fact that they basically set a deadline to receive your free meal.
I really enjoyed my 2nd visit to Sakana.
I definitely saw lots of improvements in the menu, although they were minor, they still made a big impact.
For example, the subtle garnishes they add on different nigiri.
My absolute favorite is the super white tuna topped with sea salt and shredded nori.
I couldn't believe the huge taste difference with such a small added detail.
Also, the small pieces of ikura added on to salmon belly nigiri were on point!
I received complimentary hamachi sashimi pieces from the chef.
I was absolutely grateful for it, but the pieces were still a bit frozen and hard to chew through.
That was sort of disappointing.
However everything else definitely made up for it.
They now provide a menu sheet that you can mark on, which is great!
I go a little crazy at sushi restaurants and it's hard to remember exactly what I want for the first order -- there's lots of fish names swimming around in my head.
It really helps me and the server that I can just mark down what I want per order.
There were lots of presentation improvements too.
I like that they added a leaf garnish (?
) between the plate and your order.
It makes for a great food photo op :) However, I feel like they still need to work on the interior design of the restaurant.
They had scrolls of cloth sectioning off the tables that had messaging scribbled on with what looked like a crayon.
It just doesn't represent the quality of their food well.
I noticed behind the sushi chefs they had vertical rectangular sheets of paper hanging all over the walls that I would assume represents Japanese custom of a menu (like Ichiza).
If they could set the ambiance and decor as a traditional chic sushi restaurant, this place would be perfection.
Like if Kabuto and Ichiza had a restaurant baby, I would hope it would be what Sakana looked like.
But the important thing really is the food selection.
Still a big fan of their large cut nigiri pieces!
This place will definitely be my go-to spot for my next few sushi fixes.

Everything here is edible but nothing was great.
There was only one waitress working so we had to sit ourselves and asked for something several times.
The nigiri and rolls are small because of the low price since the whole menu is 50% off.
For dinner, our party ordered a bunch of nigiri and rolls; unfortunately I didn't like any of the items except for the sashimi roll and miso soup.
Probably will not come back.

SUPERB food + IMPECCABLE service = EXCELLENT meal!!!
Seriously...we are big time sushi fanatics, and this place is now our FAVORITE place to indulge in sushi!
It was so good, we went here for dinner twice in one week!
Everything is so delicious and FRESH!
Yuuummmm!!

Mind-blowing selection and incredible service.
Genuine Japanese fare at a 22.95 all u can eat price.
So happy we went here.
Waitress was so sweet and chefs were serious culinary experts.

I was sooo looking forward to checking this place out.
Based on the yelp reviews, it sounded like a good place, but this is one of those times that yelp had done me wrong :(  Came here about a month ago for dinner with a few friends on a Friday night.
Probably will not be back.
Service wasn't bad, but the quality of the sushi and fish just isn't worth it.
It's located on the corner of Flamingo and Maryland, in the Target complex.
It was a little difficult to find, because there was no actual sign that read Sakana.
From what I remember, I think the restaurant used to be called "Kabuki.
"  I think that sign was still up.
Anyway, there was 6 of us.
When we walked in, there were a bunch of empty tables that had yet to be cleaned up--maybe low on staff?
There's a sushi bar and a few TVs that played some Asian pop music videos.
Quite entertaining to watch lol!
We were seated shortly after one of the employees had a chance to clear up one of the tables.
She promptly brought us our beer and water as we requested (I remember them having beer specials--I think a 2 for 1 deal), but it felt like it took forever to order and get our food.
We ordered a variety of things from the menu--rolls, appetizers, nigiri.
The food was less than mediocre.
One of the things we had ordered (I can't quite remember, I think it was the albacore) was fishy--to the point where I had to spit it up into my napkin.
Mind you, I love sushi.
I know my sushi.
And I take pride in the fact that I know the difference in quality.
The appetizers weren't bad.
I liked the chicken and the mussels.
Other than that, I felt pretty let down.
And I felt like I let my friends down for suggesting the place :(... Oh well, ya win some, ya lose some.
Probably won't be back again.

The staff is very nice and friendly and the sushi is delicious.
They have very well proportioned sizes and are very good at making delicious suggestions and making interesting things to try.

Okay if I could give this place a 10 star review, believe me I most definitely would.
This is hands down the best all you can eat sushi place.
Ever.
My girlfriend and I came here on our anniversary, totally starving, with our eternal craving for sushi.
We saw the reviews on yelp, and figured 'Hey, why not?
' The place is located all the way in the back corner of a shopping plaza.
It's signs all say Kabuki, and not gonna lie, it seems a tad bit ghetto from the outside.
We judged the book by it's cover, and were actually gonna go somewhere else.
Soooooo glad we didn't.
We ordered at least 200 bucks worth of sushi, but only spent 46 dollars!
They have a rule where you can't bring leftovers home or they have to charge you for each plate you bring home, which makes sense they don't wanna get robbed, especially considering the steal they already offer.
My girlfriend ended up having 6 whole plates of food left at the end of the night.
They let us take the whole meal home, AND only charged us for one of the plates.
The waitresses were all too cute, and sweet.
Very attentive and helpful.
We will definitely be back!
Would recommend to anybody with a wish for a sushi fulfillment!
Ps when we were there they played a Maroon 5 CD on repeat, so if you hate that band, better watch out ;)

I was afraid of this place when I walked in to the somewhat sketchy stripmall with the wrong restaurant name on the outside.
However, once inside the experience was great.
The AYCE is 20 for lunch and 22 for dinner, one of the better ayce deals in town.
However, this is one of the few places you can fill up without using the AYCE.
Rolls were all marked 1/2 off on the printed menu so you could get a 4 piece roll for 4.95 and an 8 pc special roll for 8.95.
Someone who is full after 2 or 3 rolls can slide in under $22.00 and still manage to taste several different items.
I tried the roll called "the Sh$T"  It is really good.
I would get it again.
The waitress explained what was in it but I didn't pay attention.
Something about crab, special sauce deep fried, blah blah.
I also had the soft shell crab appetizer which was part of the AYCE.
It was good, but not great.
For rolls I had a red dragon, a baked scallop roll (4pc) and the last roll, I can't remember its name but it was awesome, the best roll I had all day.
THis is definitely going into my rotation.

This is more of a 3.5 star experience.
We met fellow Yelper Eric for lunch.
It was a little difficult to find as they didn't have the Sakana sign out front.
So, we drove around thinking we were in the wrong place and had to make a call to ask for directions.
Anyhow, we drove back and walked in.
We were greeted by a very friendly and helpful waitress.
We were given a lot of attention as we were the only customers in there.
Now, I am still a Sushi newbie.
I have only been to one other place, and I am sure I will compare all other experiences with that place.
The price of the rolls were cheap and I decided to just have 2 rolls.
I couldn't tell you what rolls I had nor what Michele and Eric had.
But, the price was right.
2 rolls for about $10.
Filling and good.
So, I am still going to be widening my sushi walls and hope to find other places.

I wasnt too sure if i wanted to eat here when i walked in.. No one was eating when i walked in so i checked yelp before entering...  Goodthing i decided to eat instead of going to yama.
I honetly havent enjoyed AYCE till i tried theres.
First iwasnt too surewhat to order so i asked the chef if what he would recommend.. he asked me what i like.. so he made me a roll that isnt in the menu..  Also hands down to hostess their so nice..
I would def come back :D

Ok so I'm not a sushi expert or anything but to me the place was average.
The service was excellent but we were the only ones there.
The price was great for rolls and sashimi but selection was average.
I wanted the sashimi salad but don't eat salmon and the waitress said couldn't have it then as it's premade?!?!?!
Premade sashimi salad????
So I got the screaming O and I've had better... Ok you can insert your own dirty joke but the tuna sashimi had a Cajun rub on it which wasn't great.
The dish seemed skimpy for double order and the sauce was a little runny.
I'm not into fried sushi and no real unique spicy tuna rolls it seemed..... Everyone else had good things to say so maybe it's just what I ordered.
So I'll maybe try it one more time but I won't rush and I don't think with all the other places it would be a fave.
It didn't help either we had to call to find it as the sign still says kabuki....
But the great company made time fly by!

THE SUSHI GODS WOULD BE SO PROUD OF THIS PLACE.
This gem is hidden in the target plaza, just to the right of the Target building.
Upon entering this god given place you're immediately greeted by everyone and seated quickly, which is nice.
I like getting noticed and eating right away hehe.
The decorations are pretty generic same as every other sushi restaurant nothing special.
As for wait times my friend and I came in at 8 and were seated immediately.
If you're just coming with two people just seat at the bar its so much better trust me!
When you order some rolls the chef can just immediately hand it to you instead of waiting for a server to bring it over.
We left around 9:30 and the place started to get popping, so wait times can be not steady.
The servers here are so nice and on top of it!!!
They would always ask if I was okay, if I wanted any more appetizers and rolls.
The guy who was making my sushi (sai) was no exception to this too.
He treated us very well, and made our sushi quickly after we ordered.
Soooo lets start with the appetizers!
What a breathe of fish air seeing new food at ayce sushi!
We got some staples first; shrimp tempura, pork belly, and edamame.
The shrimp tempura was lacking in flavor to be honest.
The pork belly on the other hand is so goddamn good, so freaking fatty jkasdl;fj;ksdaasd;kj yum.
Moving on to their different types of appetizers the Bul-go-gi nacho!
What a presentation masterpiece!
It comes with in four nacho typa things with some fish and other spices on top.
Definitely would order again.
The japanese nacho on the other hand wasn't to my liking.
I was a fan of the beef on top but not so much of the sauce they juiced it with it was a bit too much.
Oh btw unlimited mochii hehehe.
Their coffee mochi is really strong though so beware!
For sushi I feel like this places thrives more on presentation than most other ayce sushi.
Every roll that comes out are all instagram worthy.
And all were 10/10.
We ordered tons of sushi so I can't go through every one we ordered.
They were all exceptional.
But the two that were the best was the jackpot roll and special white tuna.
The jackpot roll is decorated with a bunch of sprinkles so it looks like a cereal but do not underestimate it's greatness.
Do your taste buds a favor and introduce them to something out of this world :)  PRO TIP!
If you're just coming with TWO PEOPLE SEAT AT THE BAR its so much better trust me!
AND GET THE SASHIMI SALAD!!!!!
I honestly would not change anything about this wonderful wonderful place.
It's officialy my new ayce sushi favorite.
And it's so close to UNLV!

Oh gosh..another sushi craving, where to go?
My friends and I decided on Sakana.
This was my first time, but one of my friends has tried this place before so she steered us in the right direction.
Service: it was pretty empty in the restaurant when we stopped by at 2 pm on a Friday.
The staff was pretty helpful.
The waitress always made sure we had water and asked us if we needed anything  Price: 21+ for all you can eat.
It's definitely on the cheaper sides of ayce sushi places, which is always a plus  Food: I'm going to be honest, I don't remember everything we got, but I honestly feel like everything they have is good!
The nigiri was awesome!
The fish the rice ratio was perfect!
You should just order a bunch any of this.
The monkey brain really stood out and so did the green tea panna cotta.
This place definitely needs a try if you're around the area!

Great sushi, reasonable price.
Not many people there, but I will definitely go back next time I am in Vegas.
Sushi is fresh and staff is friendly.

I've been to Sakana four times in the last month and I have and I have nothing bad to say.
I did visit today however and the yellowtail nigiri wasn't as up to par as past visits.
Besides that, the service is great, we always feel welcome!
Their nigiri is amazing, Philadelphia roll is yummy with the avocado, dancing eel and salmon lemon roll are awesome!!!
Definitely my new favorite sushi place.
Not to mention the prices are great!

ABSOLUTELY enjoyed this restaurant, despite how difficult it was to find, park and then locate as the name on the outside says Kabuki.
Based on recommendations from yelpers, I wanted to try this out as my 100th review of the year / Yelp 100 Challenge.
I wanted my review to be on a restaurant, and something to compare.
I was very happy in Sakana!
Crowded - Oddly not very busy.
Only three of us at the bar.This was at noon for lunch.
b.  Ambiance - Very nice, trendy, and at same time comfortable.
c.  Service - Key attribute here.
Everyone is nice and friendly and always available!
d.  Food - Ahhh,  this is where the placed excelled!
-To test the quality of this place, i chose the basics that I eat at all sushi places  - Amai Ebi - Loved the small and delicate shrimp.
The fried fish heads were perfect,  - Uni - Ahh, what a unique way they prepare it.
Absolutely delicious.
Based on these two, the taste, texture and results were 5 star.
We also had Hamachi and Tuna both belly fat cuts.
Tobiko, Mirugai,  We had a fine selection of nigiri sushi that Chef Sai made when I told him I wanted to focus on traditional sushi.
I would say, what a great chef and great choices.
We had a special tuna with jalapeno on it and that too was darn good.
What I really enjoyed besides Chef Sai reading my mind and starting to make me some great stuff, is that all the nigiri sushi came with a very small amount of rice, so you had plenty of room for the fish.
That was awesome.
I basically asked the Chef to make me some traditional nigiri sushi and I like the weird stuff, no rolls.
This place is definitely going to come to you.
Great Quality, great taste.
GK says gottta come back!
This place is great!

Why didn't I know about this place earlier?!
Okay, well for starters I almost gave up since the sign outside still says Kabuki and not Sakana!
I was actually already going to take one star off for the fact I drove around and around...until I read a little yelp tip that finally led me to this treasure.
When we walked in we were immediately greeted and asked if we wanted a table or sushi bar....I said table, but the sushi bar chef yelled sushi bar at the hostess and apparently he calls the shots =P  Eating at the sushi bar was definitely an advantage, we called off our orders to the chef and he made them on the spot!
For starters this place has AYCE for $22.95...cheapest AYCE in Vegas that I know of.
So most important part of AYCE is freshness and the rice to fish ratio for the sushi.
I swear there were not more than 20 kernels of rice per piece of fish!
I would equate this to almost eating sashimi with the small amount of rice per piece.
The salmon, white tuna, unagi, seared tuna were all extremely fresh and well prepared.
Okay, so the best part is how they sear off the tuna and unagi with a blow torch....it was still piping hot when I consumed it, pure heaven!
The specials that day were salmon belly and toro steak....again more bites of perfection!
We tried a few rolls that were on their dinner/one time only part of the AYCE menu as well.
The towering sashimi poke with wonton crisps...I could have just sat there and eaten that all night, cripsy wonton shell with fresh fish and a touch of acidity....too bad we were limited to one order per person =(.
We also tried their Screaming O and the Sashimi Roll, both of which were well prepared as well.
The only thing I honestly did not like....the plum ice cream (this was slightly atrocious to be since it reminded me of the pink amoxicillin (antibiotic) medication I had as a child that they tried to disguise with some unknown flavor.
But, minor flaw given they have plenty of other options for dessert.
Make sure you look at their updated menus on the counter as well....the one that is laminated that they hand you is missing a few items.
If you love AYCE sushi....you have to try this place out.
I say comparable to Goyemon/Sushi Mon for a lower price and less rice =)

Don't understand why it's getting 4-5 stars...
The quality of the fish is not very fresh, some even tasted fishy.
I was so hungry and ready to pig out, but after I tried a few pieces of nigiri, I decide not to torture myself with substandard food on Christmas Eve.
I deserve something better.
We spent only 30 min total for this meal.
Didn't even want to try the desserts.
There was only one server while we were there for lunch.
We had to wait a long time for everything.
We asked got hot tea but it was never served.
I had such a high expectation for this place based on other a Yelp reviews but... Big disappointment.

Sign says Kabuki but they are called Sakana now.... AYCE for 23 on dinner and 21 for Lunch... their choices and combinations are pretty awesome...

I read some of the reviews and thought this would be a real gem.
It was not.
We tried the AYCE and tried a little bit of everything.
It was not especially fresh, the service was ok, not great, although friendly.
There were no stand out dishes, it was thoroughly uninspired.
I was bummed that the rating was so different from my experience.
I will try it again.

This is our new All-You-Can-Eat sushi place.
We never even looked this way until I read the Yelp reviews.
This place has a few things going against it (location and signage) but the sushi, price and service outshines the odds.
The price is less than $25 for all you can eat and the sushi is served with little rice!
That's my favorite part.
We didn't eat big gobs of rice every piece.
I'm into "cooked" sushi while my boyfriend eats the real sushi.
We both left happy because there were enough items for both of us.
Lots of options for the "cooked" sushi eaters like me.
The service is great too.
We've been back a few times since.
The inside could use a facelift so don't be discouraged when you walk in.

First and foremost, I will state the reason that I am docking a star from this otherwise wonderful place.
My boyfriend and I discovered this place during last Fall semester at UNLV.
We normally would go to Yama, but decided to try this place out.
In our first few times at Sakana, it was quite empty.
With it being fairly new and the sign outside saying "Kabuki" rather than "Sakana," this wasn't surprising.
With this level of business, it didn't strike me strange that there was only on person working the floor.
HOWEVER, in my most recent visit (about a week ago), it seemed business is picking up quite a bit for this place because people were coming in one table after another.
This poor waitress was seating, taking orders, serving food, and cleaning tables ALONE.
Mind you, by the time my boyfriend and I were finished eating, the majority of the tables in the restaurant were taken, and this waitress was trying to do the best she could to attend to each table.
So this star off is not for the workers of the restaurant.
It is for the management.
Please see that your restaurant is properly staffed so that customers can have an enjoyable experience in your restaurant.
Sadly, I don't think other people will be as understanding as we are when the waitress has to take care of everything going on on the restaurant floor and we are not seen right away.
Again, this is not the worker's fault, it's the management's.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Now for the stuff I like:  FOOD: We are huge nigiri fans.
I enjoy the fact that the nigiri portions are proportioned well.
Yes, they are small, but the fish to rice ratio is great and if you're going for AYCE you could always order more.
They also have many roll choices.
My favorite roll is the "Popcorn Lobster.
"   STAFF: The staff is super friendly and attentive.
Like most sushi places I've been to sushi chefs greet you as you come in, and thank you on your way out.
The service is usually quick, when the restaurant isn't suffering from severe under-staffing problems.
ATMOSPHERE: There are a couple TV's around the restaurant.
They are usually playing K-Pop music videos, or Japanese animation (Spirited Away in my last visit).
Overall, please give this place a try.
It's well worth it.

One of my favorite sushi spots.
It's hidden away in the corner so not many can see it, which is good for me since Yama gets super busy.
The staff is very friendly and accommodating and the sushi chefs are very nice.
I've been there twice, once with a large party and the other time with just a friend and I, and have received great service on both occasions.
Their sushi is fresh and melts in your mouth.
My favorite is the Salmon Lemon roll, it's like crack.
What I love even more is the their prices are great.
$20.95 for lunch and their dinner is $22.95, which is cheaper than Yama's.
Great place.

Alright, after dining here a bunch of times, I'm finally writing a review!!!
This has got to be my favorite AYCE sushi spot.
Plus it's only $22.95 for dinner!!
Good price compared to other sushi spots around town.
You know that feeling when after a few rolls of sushi that they all start tasting the same?
Not here.
They prepare each roll carefully and take pride in it.
Our waitress, Sunny, (spelling?
) has always been awesome.
She's quick and efficient and always so friendly to us.
They have a good variety of appetizers and rolls.
I'm not going to go over every food item, but here are a few things I always order:  Sashimi roll: all the fish wrapped in cucumber instead of rice with a special sauce.
So yummy, healthy and delicious.
Salmon skin hand roll: they don't skimp on the salmon skin.
The salmon skin is cooked perfectly and crispy.
Not too much rice either.
Nigiri (garlic tuna, salmon, salmon belly, squid): most places take a huge ball of rice and put it under a small piece of fish.
The portion of rice is small compared to the amount of fish.
So you actually taste the fish instead of all the rice.
The only reason why I docked a star is because they got rid of the specials menu, which had tobiko and toro on it.
We asked why it was gone and Sunny said that people were too picky and didn't like it.
Wtf?!
How could you NOT like it?
Those were my favorite two things to order!!!
I was pretty sad and felt like I was jipped of my Sakana experience.
I'll still come here though.
:)  P.S.
It's unlimited dessert too!!!

This is my favorite AYCE sushi place by far!
The fish is always fresh, the nigiri is perfect portion more fish than rice.
They have a good selection of special rolls and appetizers.
The staff is always friendly.
The place is spacious and never busy so you always receive excellent service.
I've come here 4 times in one month already!

Sakana was the latest all-you-can-eat sushi that we have tried in Las Vegas and this one has probably topped everything else.
We decided to check it out because it was the least expensive AYCE sushi dinner that we found in Yelp at $22.95 (others even surpassed $25).
The rolls were not loaded with rice and the fish slices were generous...  Just what the doctor ordered!
The menu has a lot of selections and the Towering Sashimi Poki was the item we enjoyed the most.
It was among the rolls that you can order only once but since there were 4 of us, we maxed this one out.
The Sashimi Roll was delectable, too.
However, I thought it would have been more elegant if it did not have imitation crab in it.
Good food tastes even better with good service.
Our server (Sun) was very attentive and friendly plus she wore a smile everytime.
Morever, the sushi chefs deserved a pat on the back for their plating ideas.
They surely made the food look so appetizing.
It would have been a more satisfying experience if they included sashimi on the menu.
Nonetheless, that seemed to be the norm in LV as all the AYCE sushi joints I called up didn't have it either.
All's good then...

Yep, went early on a Friday, just as other reviews have said, wrong signage out front, end of a strip mall in the target center, I think they were all speaking korean, wierd, maybe the chefs weren't, but no matter, AYCE was had by the three of us, not one thing bad to say.
I sportfish for tuna every year, and will eat my catch for breakfast lunch and dinner until it's gone.
Everything served here was fresh, and it was poetry on a plate.
Blows oishi sushi away.

Nigiri and roll sizes are awesome.
Quality is not what others have said.
It's not the best and it doesn't come close to great.
It's alright.

Came in for an early dinner since they offer dinner at 300 pm.
Thanks to fellow yelper Barbie S for turning me on to Sakana.
For less then $24.00 a person I enjoyed the AYCE made to order sushi.
In addition they had 2 for 1 Sapporo beers.
The sushi was fresh and the rice amount was not overwhelming to the ration of sashimi.
The menu included sweet shrimp and uni but there's a limit of one order per person on these items.
My faves were the cooked pork belly, soft shell crab roll, shrimp tempura, Sashimi roll & Chirasi salad.
Lastly the green tea pannacotta and strawberry & mango mochi were a yummy way to complete the meal.
BTW.
The sign on the business outside states Kabuki - but no worries your'e in the right place.

Sakana is awesome!
Great staff and have different sushi's for you to try.
My regular order consists of the Japanese nachos and the Green Monster.
Also the tempura is very crisp and fresh tasting.
It's hidden in the back corner in the Target shopping center and can be hard to find, but if you're looking it's past shoes for crews to the right.

Great price.
Good food.
Ask for dragon  he is a true artist.
Takes time to make each dish!!!
YUMMMM

Best sushi for the price.
By far is better than anything you get on the strip for what you pay.
All the chefs are super friendly and know how to make great sushi.
Highly recommend it

All fun must come to the end and this holds true to my once all time favorite sushi joint.
First off, this spot is hidden so finding it makes you feel sort of exclusive.
The location is nestled behind the target and next to a rims store.
Second this place used to be called Kabuki so don't be confused, this is the place you're looking for.
Nice decor.
Decorated with traditional japanese style art and they play anything from Korean music videos to Hayao Miyazaki films!
Unlike most AYCE, this place does offer special items on their menu that is above the dining area on a chalk board.
The only other place I know that does this is Goyemon but the specialty items they have to offer are often unavailable (i.e.
toro).
Their AYCE sushi is priced at 22 dollars for dinner and is definitely worth checking out maybe a few months ago but now the quality has depreciated since my first few encounters.
The restaurant is typically empty probably because the sign outside hasn't been changed and its difficult to locate.
That being said, service is very attentive and the servers are often floating around not doing much so they're practically always available.
The food was great but the quality of fish has really gone down since they first opened up.
I'm a big nigiri guy since you're paying for the fish and the cut on the fish is now so thin.
Big disappointment since the cuts of fish used to be so thick and overwhelmed the rice.
They have a nice selection of appetizers ranging from your traditional shrimp tempura to korean influences such as bulgogi.
My favorite is the pork belly, bulgogi nacho and galbi.
Rolls are nice and are garnished well.
Presentation of the rolls are very neat and served as soon as they are made.
A nice selection of rolls however the rolls can get hard to distinguish since they look very similar to one another.
My favorite rolls are the towering sashimi poke, shrimp lovers, popcorn lobster and something wrong roll.
Unlimited dessert!!
Nothing else to say about that  Overall this restaurant was initially my favorite, hole in the wall AYCE sushi joint.
However the quality has gone down quite a bit since they first opened.
I hope that the dinner i had a few days ago was just bad night and not routine.

The price for AYCE and the amount of fish sliced onto your plate is impressive.
On the downside, there is something tired about the experience of it all.
Firstly, it does not say "Sakana" on the outside.
Just look for a sushi place on the northwestern corner of the intersection, near Tiabi coffee and waffles.
As everyone has said, the quality of the fish along with the ratio of fish to rice is impressive.
If you get the nigiri, you'll get thick cuts of fish and a small ball of rice underneath.
If you're into your fish - this is awesome.
Honestly, if you aren't into fish then why are you here?!
They have some specials on a chalkboard which are worth your time.
Things like salmon belly or albacore nigiri.
Both tender and tasty.
Fresh fish is definitely their forte.
The menu itself is absolutely average.
In terms of flavors and combinations, it's all just tried and true Korean-style sushi classics.
You will not be wowed.
Speaking of not wowed, Sakana gets the coveted "smallest side dishes ever" award.
Want some shishito peppers?
You will get 4 small ones in a bowl.
Want calamari?
You will get 3 extremely thin strips of calamari in 10x their thickness of breading.
Shrimp tempura?
3 small shrimp in a bowl.
I guess the upside to this is that you won't get full on appetizers.
There is something about this place, though, that I can't describe.
It's tired.
It's like a war-torn sushi spot, jaded from the trials of sushi restaurant life.
Nothing special inside.
No enthusiasm.
Presentation is fine but we both said it - something is off.
If it isn't fish, something about it isn't... fresh.
Some items are presented almost soggy in sauce or toppings.
It's difficult to put my finger on it, but it's there.
I'd be back but definitely for mostly nigiri-style items and just a few select rolls.

I came here around 8:40pm on a monday night and there were around 3 parties already there.
I went to the bathroom before sitting down and, low and behold, there was a humungous cockroach staring back at me while I was peeing!
Ew  My friend and I both got the AYCE dinner for $22.95 and the appetizer labeled "THE SHIT!
must try," which was more shitty than the shit in my opinion.
My friend really liked it though.
We also got the 2-for-1 sapporo deal, which was pretty awesome because we got 2 huge bottles that was enough to fill 4 cups.
The sashimi salad was hooked up with sashimi, which is good because I don't like eating a bunch of rice at AYCE places, as it gets me unnecessarily full.
I also ordered salmon, yellowtail, and albacore sashimi, which all tasted pretty fresh, but definitely not the best fish.
Really thin slices too.
The sashimi roll was good too, stuffed with assorted raw fish and rapped in cucumber (no rice).
My friend ordered a spicy crab roll (basically a california roll but with spicy crab), monster roll, baked lobster roll, and baked scallop roll, which were all pretty good.
This place kinda smelled like clorox, but it wasn't anything too overbearing.

My wife and I were in the area and had this place bookmarked for a while.
It's rare that a J-AYCE reviews are as swingy as Sakana but I was desperate for sushi.
I called them to ask if they were a Japanese owned and run restaurant (semi-important to my wife) and the lady on the other end said "yes" in a super annoyed teenager way like I asked if she was still going out with that guy she met while waiting in line for hot dog on a stick at the Meadows Mall food court last week.
Next thing you know...we see an all Korean staff, hear K-pop music in the air and I am all "eff it, we're starving, let's eat".
It was nice of them to keep all that Kabuki signage up to make the place easy to find :P  I am docking them a star just for that.
We chose to eat at the sushi bar and our sushi chef was definitely one of the highlights of dinner.
He was personable, funny and asked us random questions throughout the evening like:  Chef: Did you just get married?
Us: No.
It's been over 6 years.
Chef:  Oh.
Just asking because you look happy.
(a few minutes later)  Chef asks my wife: Is it your birthday?
Wife: No it's not.
Chef: Well why else would he take you here?
HAHA  (later)  Chef asks me: Did you do something wrong to upset her?
Did you bring her here to apologize?
Maybe that's why you're here.
Me: (laughing) If I had to do that, we would be at a much more expensive place!
So on to the food.
They had an appetizer called "The Shit".
How could I not order this?
It was kind of a tempura fried California roll with some other ingredients I couldn't make out that came with a side of spicy mayo.
It was ok.  Foie gras wrapped in bacon...that would have been the shit.
Their pork belly is the BEST I've had at any AYCE.
I had five orders of it.
I thought I was there for fish?
I liked their sashimi plates, fresh oysters and our comedic chef sliced up some special pieces that weren't escolar or had cream cheese in them.
Nice.
Lots of reviewers have raved about the fish to rice ratio and it's great.
I would nigiri my way to fullness if we ever came here again.

Let's be real, Vegas buffets can get pretty pricey.
And I understand if you're in Vegas, why not go all out?
But to be honest, I feel like I'm paying more for the selection of food and the fact that if you're staying in a hotel, why not just go downstairs and eat?
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Flamingo for our last night and we pondered the idea of eating at a buffet.
But I really just wanted to eat some good, fresh sushi after having so many hand-held meals for the past few days, so luckily we found this place on yelp and came here.
It's about $23/person for dinner (which is half the price of most buffets on the strip).
Very cute set up and they even had a valentine's theme for the weekend!
Perfect!
Their selection on their AYCE menu was HUGE!
Bigger than any of the other places I've been to!
Tempura rolls, classic rolls, signature rolls, spicy rolls, nigiri - SO MUCH TO CHOOSE FROM!
My favorite roll was the Orange blossom under their tempura section.
Their albacore nigiri is REALLY good too!
They've got some garlic ponzu, and tangy sauces that top some of their rolls and nigiri and they did a damn good job with their menu.
My boyfriend and I wished we had second stomachs to try everything on their menu!
The only thing I'm sad about is that I live in a completely different state and can't come here whenever I want!

I don't know if it's because it's different, it wasn't crowded, the great service, or because the sushi was delicious...ACTUALLY it was all of those things.
My girl and I were in Vegas and were trying to decide what to eat.
We originally planned for a buffet but changed our mind when we Yelp'd an AYCE Sushi joint and DAMN, no regrets.
At all.
Their rolls and nigiri were served a bit differently than what I'm used to in California but not in a bad way.
Little tweaks to classic recipes here and there and BAM: delicious sushi.
ALSO, our waitress was awesome - attentive, helpful, and all while serving 3-4 other tables.
Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.

Finally came here with my daughter, it's pretty good so far.
I'm doing AYCE n she's having her Sushi combo.
The tempura is really good.
Everything is good here.
I gave my daughter a piece  of my Sushi even though they say you can't share food when you have AYCE, she just wanted to taste the white tuna, like what are they going to do, kick us out.
Right?
The rice to nigiri sushi ratio is the best of all AYCE places but then they compensated it by having thinner slices of fish.
Overall, a good place to come for sushi.
Did not know their appetizers came with AYCE...-1 star...waitress should have explained.

Yum Yum Yum Yum!!!
I am from Henderson and my friend lives in N. Las Vegas, we wanted to find a place that is located in the middle (because us Vegas people hate to drive...duh).
We already went to that other AYCE place across the street so we wanted to try something new.
Yelp led us here!
Yes, the place is confusing to find.
It is in the same shopping center as Target, near the Absolute Dental place.
Yes, the sign outside does not say "Sakana" but "Kabuki"  Yes, I did feel like I was dining in someones basement...but I didn't come here for ambiance, I came for Sushi!
Yes, the food is really good, and cheaper for AYCE dinner.
The service was great at this place, very attentive!
I loaded up myself with all the Yellow tail I wanted, try the Joe's Special roll, so delicious my mouth is watering as I type this.
The Monkey Brains was an interesting, but delicious roll.
'Till we meet again Sakana, or Kabuki....whatever your name is!

This place really is a hidden gem to me.. All alone in that little corner of the plaza.
The name Sakana kept popping up on my yelp screen telling me its new and near my location..
Finally, my buddy and I had time to stop in for ayce sushi.
Being die hard sushi eaters, we were impressed by the selection they offered and the style of ordering.
Instead of orders; they go by rounds.
I felt that everything we had order was prepared very nicely.
Service was on top and constantly around to refill my water.
I have got to say, the rolls were very decent sized and covered with a good portion of fish.
Overrall, my buddy and I had not stomach issues after.
A+ since my buddy tends to get sick after ayce adventures with me.
Place is a little hard to find, *hint* it says Kabuki

Amazing little gem!
First time there we have superb  service, awesome food, and lots of laughs.
This might be my favorite AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.
They are less expensive than the majority of sushi places in town and the quality is top notch.
The chefs really care about the food and the staff are attentive and listen well.
Must try the pork belly and the Jalapeo roll.
The Japanese Lasagna was amazeballs as well.
For $23 for AYCE....you can't beat it.

How do I start?
Probably as simple as the best all you can eat sushi I've been to so far.
I sushi a lot.
I also mostly only order nigiri sushi so keep that in mind, I haven't tried their rolls but my boyfriend did and he said it was pretty amazing as well, I'm taking his word for it.
-Fresh fresh fresh!
-Variety of appetizers, they have a lot of items that competitors do not.
-Homemade desserts (Green Tea Panna Cotta and Black Sesame Blanc Manger) and also their Plum ice cream is to die for.
-Cannot beat the price -Not crowded, no 45 minute waiting time -Super friendly servers and sushi chefs!!
I cannot stress that enough.

One of the best sushi places in Vegas!
They are hard to find, almost like a secret location.
It's on the east side of Target.

Horrible service!
Went here with my bf and his parents.
The manager didn't want us to order "too much" sushi so he kept limiting our choices, even though it was Ayce.
Yes, we have been to Ayce sushi places before, and yes, we know how to order without over ordering.
The Manager was glaring at us from behind the sushi bar the whole time.
Will not come back, and I suggest you do not come here.
Will be going to sushi kaya or oyshi instead!

Amazing and delicious!
Every roll was wonderful!
The ayce price was very reasonable too considering what they offer!
Our chef even offered a special roll that wasn't on the menu and was amazing too!
We will definitely be back.

Found this place when I was starving looking for a good AYCE with good customer service.
I was happy to find Sakana.
Awesome friendly staff, really fun environment.
(Went in at about 8:00 on a Friday night) Pretty delicious stuff.
Tried that cucumber-rolled sashimi with about 4 different types of fish, so fresh!
Also the Japanese Lasagna is always a favorite, with that awesome baked cream cheese and eel sauce on top :D

One of my favorites in Las Vegas.
Fairly priced.
The chefs are extremely friendly and the waiting staff is helpful.
Just a delicious all-you-can-eat buffet!

This is one of the best sushi places I have tried in Vegas.
Prices are decent, and they offer an AYCE (all you can eat) sush for about 25 bucks.
The Sushi Chefs were awesome and interacted with us.
The non sushi menu was sufficient for the Mrs (she doesnt like sushi).
The nachos are damn tasty.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place!

I've tried plenty of sushi restaurants in Nevada and I feel a lot are very Americanized and the fish isn't too fresh.
This restaurant is amazing, we've been coming to this restaurant since it use to be "kabuki" , there are new owners now.
We are regular clients and we always get the best service here!
There fish is fresh and everything is made with love lol.
The chef "dragon" definitely makes sushi an art form and he is a sweetheart!
I've brought plenty of "sushi virgins" here and they fell in love.
I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone!

AYCE dinner $22.
Auto gratuity (for large party) plus tax... $30.
Yeah, the sushi is cheap...ER than other places but I'd rather pay more for better service and quality.
My friends chose this place and after seeing all the wonderful pics on yelp, I was super excited to try it out.
Boy, was I disappointed.
None of the items we ordered looked like the pictures!
Nigiri was aiiight.
The slices of fish were pretty and long... but so thin, and so much rice!
Rolls were decent.
I didn't try too many so no real opinion on those.
Service was not impressive at all.
We had a large party... 10 people.
But we called and made a reservation the day before.
They should have been prepared.
It was dinner time and sorta busy but still only had 2 servers/waiters.
People that got there after us somehow managed to order and get their food before us.
And our table was right in the middle of the place!
They weren't ignoring us... just not very observant.
Anywho, we were finally able to flag them down for orders but instead of taking orders normally, they handed us a sheet of paper with their menu items and had us mark which ones we wanted.
I wasn't a fan of this but it made it easier for them.
There were a couple things that I had to hand write out on the side because they didn't have it on the list.. NBD.
The first couple appetizers came out but we still didn't have dipping or eating plates!
We had to bug them to bring it out.
The reason I was annoyed of the service was because they were hard to get a hold of.
Each time they brought a new item out, they'd hand it to us (literally... hand the plate to us, instead of placing it on the table), and have us figure out the organizing.
There was a handful of times where we had empty plates to be cleared but they just walked away.
Also....
I'm not normally a huge germaphobe but there were fruit flies all over!
We kept waving our hands around the entire time to shoo them away.
They were even in the restroom.
I will most likely not ever come back here again.

Really good sushi, a ton of items to choose from on their ayce menu and really clean inside.
They also have banana tempura ice cream as part of their ayce!!
This place is definitely my go-to sushi joint whenever I'm in Vegas from now on.

1st time in here.
Love the ambiance.
The chefs are personable and humorous.
Very quick too.
Everything tried was delicious, of course some more than others but that's a personal thing.
Crispy Rice, Summer Crunch, Salmon Lover, Hawaiian, Full Moon rolls were awesome.
All yum.
Surf clam, octopus, and scallop nigiri were great, especially the surf clam.
From the appetizer menu we ordered the "Monkey Brain", Baked Mussells, "the Shit!!!
", and both Nachos.
All fantastic.
Also, the Towering Sashimi Poki is amaaaaaazing.
Overall, sweet place.
Will definitely come again.
Total favorite?
No.
A top 5 (for now)?
Certainly :)

Great food, great service, friendly and attentive staff, huge selection of AYCE, pleasant ambience, fair price.
Not much else to ask for.

I came here by myself and I got the AYCE for lunch.
It was awesome because there was such a variety of food included aside from the sushi.
Which, was yummy.
The chef was so nice and made my super picky adjustments (because I am one of those crazy people)  which is usually frowned upon in AYCE.
Also, I never saw the bottom of my water glass and the waitress was super friendly.
She loves cats, btw.
Anyhoo, I will be back!

great off strip suhsi place - very reasonable prices.
Mostly locals.
some unique dishes on the menu.

Dragon the Chef is hilarious, you Must sit at the sushi bar!
Very helpful and considerate on what to choose, how "heavy" a roll is, etc.
Does not make the experience awkward at all.
He gave me a Starburst while I was thinking of what to order next hahha!
Also, I think the ratio of fish to rice is amazing so if you're downski for nigiri, this is the place to be.
Eat slow and get the Handroll.
Yum!
Lots of interesting and unique items on the menu, and the lunch/dinner AYCE prices are more reasonable than others.
Only problem is finding this place since their sign is still paper, but hey, a diamond in the rough this place is  definitely coming back

WOW!!
Great food!
Great atmosphere and entertaining and engaging sushi chiefs.
Plus add the all you can eat for $25.00.
Way cool, don't miss out on this hidden gem and don't be fooled by the exterior, the interior is awesome!!
The wait staff is also helpful and VERY friendly!!

Delicious food.
Smaller restaurant but very authentic.
They had anime on the tv while we were there.
Friendly service.
Awesome sushi!
Will definitely go there again.
We got the California roll deep fried.

I was very pessimistic about the location & the restaurant when we got there, but this is truly a hidden gem and I should know better not to judge the book by its cover.
We went on Father's Day for dinner and had the all-you can eat buffet.
It was worth every penny and more!!!
All of the fish was FRESH since I'm assuming the turnover ratio there is high.
My dad used to be a sushi chef and he agreed that he liked this place!
Also the SERVICE is awesome!!!
Very, very friendly staff.
I don't give 5 stars often here, but this place deserves it!!!
My brother said it best -- This is like a Japanese Tapas place!

AYCE Lunch 11:30am - 3pm $20.95 AYCE dinner 3pm - midnight $24.95 No time limit   This place has by far has the best fish to rice ratio we've seen at a Las Vegas AYCE establishment as of yet!
The rumors are true, they are a "Korean" ran sushi establishment, but don't let that sway you!
I loved that they served up itty bitty rice portions with substantially thick slices of fish.
They also have a decent selection on thier menu to choose from.
Big plus that they also offer half sized rolls (4 pieces.
) To top it off they had great service - they were extremely attentive and friendly from start to finish.
Favorites: Salmon nigiri - loved the thick slice of salmon.
Yuzu yellowtail - this was our favorite of the evening!
Tamago - simple and enjoyable.
Seafood salad - lots of fish, and the sweet marinated cucumbers were addicting.
Miso soup - great flavor and piping hot.
Baked green mussels - mussels were a little dried out, but great sauce and overall flavor.
Baked scallop roll (half order) - simple CA roll with a tasty baked scallop and mayo topping.
Lemon roll (half order) - simple CA roll with salmon and refreshing paper thin slices of lemon.
Ama ebi (1 piece Per Person)/Dinner Only - Plump and meaty.
Uni (1 order Per Person)/Dinner Only - sweet and fresh.
Salmon belly (1 order Per Person)/Dinner Only - so incredibly buttery and sweet.
Red bean ice cream - rich and creamy.
I would stay away from: Oysters - It was super fishy and foul and wasn't fresh that day.
Sarada lobster - hmm it tasted just like imitation crab meat to me.
Bacon asparagus and bacon lobster skewers - 2 teeny tiniest little bits you can imagine per skewer (you can only order 1 of each skewer).
Green tea Panna cotta - weak green tea flavor, not the right Panna cotta texture, more like flan.
Black sesame blanc manger - nice black sesame flavor, just not sweet enough for my liking.
Green tea ice cream - weak green tea flavor.

While it was a tad warm when we entered the restaurant, we were promptly seated at the bar and the servers were attentive during our meal.
The sushi chefs listened to our likes and offered tasty selections upon request.
We had the all you can eat (AYCE) and it was a good bang for the buck.
My favorites were the Summer Crunch which was sweet and had crab and lobster and the Black Sesame Manger which is sort of like a pudding/creme brulee without the brulee.
My husband and I did go at about 5 o'clock, and it was kind of quiet, but the food was great.
The tempura was crunchy without being greasy and the sashimi salad was fresh and flavorful.
As others have said, it is a bet sketchy from the outside, but a treasure awaits upon entry!

Best sushi in town!
The staff if friendly they're fast and everything is super fresh!
This place is way better than Yama!
Just wished they were open a bit later!

First of all don't let the outside fool you!
It's by itself in the corner and even we were skeptical at first!
But we are so glad we didn't leave!
The staff is very friendly and very helpful!
The service was perfect!
The food was delicious and there made in small portions but with the all you can eat it's more than worth it because you can try many different rolls so it works out!
I recommend this place and once again ignore the outside don't let it fool you!

Sakana is what AYCE sushi dreams are made of.
I'm in a rush to update my review from 4 to 5 stars!
Our dinner here tonight has met all of my requirements for my last meal on earth (...no, I'm not dying...) Sakana is ranked in my number one AYCE sushi joints of all time.
All time!
I can't even begin to tell you how incredible each and every item we ordered was.
The fish to rice ratio is insane!
All of our nigiri had the tiniest bit of rice, yet lengthy, juicy, plump, fresh, sweet, and expertly sliced pieces of fish.
Mouthwatering quality!
These are what dreams are made of: - Salmon nigiri (My salmon addict tongue is happy)  - Salmon belly nigiri (Heaven on earth buttery sweetness) - Yellowtail belly nigiri (You had me at belly!
)  - Uni nigiri (Eyes rolling to the back of your head in pure enjoyment, yup sounds exactly right)  - Ama ebi (It was ginormous!
)  - Albacore with garlic ponzu nigiri (My inner sauce whore was loving the garlic ponzu, also the albacore was bu-tter-yyyyyyy!
) - Yuzu yellowtail nigiri (Give us 4 orders stat!
Love this refreshing nigiri)  - Baked green mussels (They've mastered the baked green mussel here.
Delicious!!!
) - Tower of sashimi poke (love the crisp wonton chip and the explosive flavors!
) - Japanese nachos (kind of like the tower of sashimi poke and it's really addicting!
) - Karai Sashimi (like a dry seasoned poke.
I loved how much salmon and tuna they gave!
Generous portion!
) - Seafood salad (very refreshing and flavorful) - Miso soup - Perfect every time.
(Not out of a powder package- ya dig?
) - D's guy roll (refreshing, flavorful, great texture)  - Lemon salmon sushi roll (Refreshing!
Eat with ponzu)  - Oh!
and their ponzu sauce is spectacular.
Pairs great with all of their nigiri.
--and so much more!
I don't have enough room in my tummy to try everything all at once, so I'm always making a list of a what to get next time I come.
Service was even better than last time we were here (I didn't think that was possible).
They quickly went out of their way to give us everything we wanted and then some.
Our server is always this cute petite asian woman and she is so sweet and always makes sure everything we need we get right away!
Even the sushi chef Dragon visits our table to politely let us know our baked items will be out soon (we weren't even waiting long for them) - what a stand-up guy!
He is super friendly and hysterical!
We always get a kick out of his silly personality.
Definitely makes the restaurant experience lively, entertaining and very personal.
I'll be the first to admit, I'm obsessed with this place.
Major foodgasm for sure!
I refuse to go anywhere else for AYCE sushi now.
They consistently exceed in offering quality cuts of fish and the explosive flavors that we expect, which keeps us coming back for more!
Thank you Sakana for not breaking my belly!

Yama, our favorite, was unexpectedly closed last night, so we yelped and found this gem!
We sat at the sushi bar, and really enjoyed the ambience.
The chefs are funny and FAST.
Hardly any waiting here!
The lemon shrimp roll is amazing, as is the Wet Dream ... Mmmmmmmmm.
Also try the tempura ice cream, sinfully good!
For $25 per person for AYCE, this place is amazing.
I did take one star off, the waiter we had could have checked in with us a bit more, the restaurant was very busy though and because the chefs took such good care of us, we really didn't notice the waiters absence.

Where, oh where do I begin?
This AYCE sushi joint has stolen my heart, & rightfully so!
If Sakana was a man, I would run to the Vegas strip and marry him immediately.
You would think that quality is compromised for quantity, but that is definitely not the case at Sakana.
The sashimi tastes fresh and the appetizers are cooked to perfection.
My favorites include the salmon belly nigiri, towering sashimi poki, and the baked mussels.
If you're feeling the need to spice up your life, the Call 911 Roll is just the thing to order.
Anything on their monthly special chalk board is bound to make your taste buds happy!
I can't forget to mention the great staff.
They are so kind and attentive to all your belly's wishes!

The business has since hired more staff.
I'm thrilled.
This is my go-to sushi place.

Completely and totally unbelievably amazing!
The fish is all very fresh, and the presentation is unrivaled by any other sushi restaurant I've ever been!
Perfect five star establishment!

By far the best AYCE I have been to.
Hands down best speciality rolls that I have ever tried.
I'm not really big on Nigiri but from what I saw the rice ratio is like basically non-existent.
The fish over powered the rice in all the rolls, no doubt about it!
Now, for a small girl like me I love how there's minimal rice because I want to be able to eat as much as possible and let's face it, rice is extremely heavy & makes you full faster.
For rolls we got-- call 911, burn your ass roll, monkey brains, summer crunch, popcorn lobster roll, lemon salmon roll, "the shit", and jalapeo bomb roll.
We also got beef skewer and lobster bacon skewer.
I really did LOVE LOVE all the rolls I tried but My favorite roll was probably the Call 911 roll.
It contained habanero so it's suppose to be extremely spicy.
Yah it was spicy but it was the perfect amount.
Chef Sy came out and even warned us that it was going to be the spiciest roll and to try not to call 911!
LOL he was a good character.
He came out and chatted a little bit with us.
Jalapeo bomb roll is another must get.
It's a deep fried roll with cream cheese, crab & spicy tuna.
There's a jalapeo on top that gives it an extra kick.
Soooo good!!
There was an item called "the shit".
It was part of the appetizer menu.
It doesn't have a description but just says you must try it!
So I do wanna say.. YOU MUST TRY IT!
It's really good.
It comes with this delicious sauce you eat it with.
To die for!
I really did wanna try more items but my stomach always fails me!
I was so darn full!
I will for sure be returning!
There were dinner items on there that I really wanted to try like the "rice less" rolls!
And the seafood salad.
So next time I will be doing dinner AYCE.
Dessert -- green tea panna cotta and mango mochi.
Green tea panna cotta is kinda like a flan but not as sweet.
It is pretty good.
The staff were very efficient on taking our orders and filling our drinks.
I think the waiter was a little overwhelmed though because he kept bringing us items that we did not order.
But I'm not upset about it, the food made up for anything mediocrely bad that happened.
Highly recommended!
Everyone must go now!

Let me start by saying I love sushi but I don't always love all you can eat because I don't like to over stuff myself but here I am happy to do a la carte or AYCE.
Their single roll prices are very affordable, I can go have an app, 2 rolls and a dessert for $25 after tax and tip.
Their rolls are so yummy, I love the salmon lemon roll, the jalapeo bombs, the shit, anything off the spicy section, the monkey brains, the green muscles...
I could go on and on.
The customer service is amazing not to mention the buy one get one free on sake and beer.
When it's slow they'll even do shots with you and give you special creations to try on the house.
They don't try to rush you out like some AYCE places in town so if your in a hurry you might want to let them know so they can get you taken care of quickly, otherwise expect to be there for a good 90 minutes to enjoy the full experience.

They raised the prices: lunch is $21 and dinner is $25  We came during dinner time around 5pm and there was only one other party.
The Asian lady provided fairly slow service but picked up when we got a new waiter.
Their nigri is a good deal: they cut their fish in long thin strips on rice which is good to maximize the amount of raw fish received but slightly awkward to dip in sauce and eat.
I recommend skipping the pork belly but definitely getting the tower poke.

$25 for AYCE Sushi dinner!
Besides the AYCE option, they also have the a la carte as well... but I can't imagine anyone doing a la carte when there's the former option!
We came here on the Fourth of July thinking there would be a line.
To our surprise, there was no line and tables were aplenty and the sushi bar was pretty much empty.
We sat at the sushi bar and the chef started us up with the Chef's recommendation and it was quite yummy.
I didn't know what was in the roll, but the salmon sushi was yummy.
The Good:  The fish-to-rice ratio at this place was perfect.
All of their sushi, with the exception of the uni, were fresh.
It's too bad they didn't have the oyster that was on the menu available.
Our favorite sushi of the night were the Super White Tuna, Albacore, and Garlic Tuna.
The Salmon wasn't bad either!
Seafood Salad definitely contained A LOT of sashimi and its sauce had a good kick to it.
Udon and grilled mackerel were both pretty good as well.
The Bad:  The Uni and Amaebi wasn't that interesting despite the fact that they are one order per person dinner only options.
Neither was "the shit".
Seaweed Salad was a bit on the salty side compared to other places I've tried.
Something to consider:  All the fish were pre-cut (maybe to speed up the service speed?).
Overall, the staff was very attentive and the parking was definitely not an issue.
I'll definitely coming back since there are so much more items on the menu I have yet to try!

The service is top notch!
The chef and waitress are so cute and tend to you like you're the best.
They were so good that I left a huge tip and a special thank you note on the receipt.
The rolls were on spot and I will absolutely come back when I visit Vegas.
TIPS:  - Plenty of parking so no worries!
- The restaurant is located at the corner of the plaza's building with a sign that doesn't look appealing.
I know it sounds shady but the interior is nicely decorated and like I mentioned previously the workers are totally awesome.
- DESSERT IS INCLUDED IN THE AYCE!!!!
Mochi and ice cream.
I have never been to an AYCE where the dessert is included in what you pay for.

Not too sure why this place has such a great rating.
Tables are greasy.
Sushi is only average.
Service was SLOW as hell.
I spent 2 hours at this place and was only able to get 2 rounds.
They never even finished making what we ordered during the 1st round, and this was when there were only 4 tables in the whole restaurant.
Literally, dishes came 1 at a time with a span of like 20 minutes in between.
Luckily, there was a tv showing a documentary of a Japanese sushi chef or else we would have fallen asleep.
We were able to watch the entire documentary while waiting for our food.
So, thank you Mr sushi chef who spent his entire life devoted to his restaurant!!
If it wasn't for you, my $21 would have definitely gone to waste!

I gave Sakana a 4 star only bcuz they started slow at bringing me the food but other than that, the size of their nigiri was perfect!
The rice wasnt over loading even their rolls it wasn't 3xs as big as ur mouth lol it was bite size, where you can order more and try other variety!
I would definitely come back to SAKANA & eat again!

