A new Ross yay!
This makes me one happy girl :)  If you have been to Ross before then you wont find too much different about this one.
They still claim to offer 20% - 60% off department store prices and and by what I saw they are doing just that.
The fact that some find the brand name goods here "so last season" means nothing to me as long as the quality is good, I like it, the price is right and it's cute!
I love that I can get such good quality items for less.
The bedding area is a good friend of mine.
If I want new sheets or pillows I always buy them at Ross.
I picked up some sheets yesterday for $29.99 that retailed for over $100!
I have bought this brand before in 2 others colors and love them so I was glad to come across them again.
That is one thing about Ross, you might find something you love and go back and it's gone, or you go to another location and they have a completely different selection.
The shoes are my favorite part about Ross!
I can find shoes for every occasion at such great prices here!
From flip-flops to high heels they have the cutest selection.
It doesn't hurt that right now is "shoe week" so they were all marked down even more.
If you are looking for a new handbag or wallet then check here before heading anywhere else.
I for years have bought my handbags and wallets from Ross and I feel much better about buying the same brand name handbag here over buying it at a major department store and paying more.
They have a great selection at this location and even had the newer style of the one handbags I currently use so I snatched that baby up!
You will also find a good selection of women, men, kids and baby clothes.
The one thing to keep an eye out for is clothes that might be ripped or stained.
I find a lot of cute clothes I pick out might have a rip or odd color on it so I pay extra attention to make sure what I am buying looks new and good quality.
You can also shop for stuff for the kitchen, jewelry, home decor etc.
They have some really adorable kitchen decor.
Gift cards are available in any amount between $10 - $250 and you can purchase them at the store or customize your own on their website.
I will be here a lot!

Nice, new clean and a variety of clothes in all sizes.

I was happy to learn that Ross had opened in this shopping center, and this was my first visit.
The day before I'd been buying a shower head at Bed Bath and Beyond when the woman who'd just made a purchase told me she'd gotten a similar one at Ross for $5.
Didn't have time to go right then, but went back the next day.
I didn't get my $5 shower head, but maybe I should have left well enough alone, because the visit cost me nearly $200.
But for that money I scored four pairs of shoes, two tops and two pairs of pants.
Not a bad deal!
I don't see much difference between Ross and Marshall's, its competitor a few stores over, though Marshall's carries more high-end stuff now, especially in the shoe department.
Both places are great to wander in every now and then, because you never know what you're going to find.
Love it!

Surprisingly this store I have really good luck in.
Everything I find fits me and looks great at an affordable price.
12 bucks for jean shorts?!
Yes, thank you.
Guess sandals for 10, how could I say no?
I can easily spend 60 walking in and not even trying.
I swear when I buy a house I'm getting everything for it from here!
I've found this Ross is more organized than the one on fort apache, near walmart.

This is one of the nicer Ross locations.
It is brand new, so things haven't gotten too cluttered or dirty.
There are always good buys here, from household items, to clothes, to shoes.
Checkout tends to be pretty well organized, and they are accommodating about returns.

Ross is like Marshals and TJ Max and other stores... you just have to stop in if you have the time and wander around.
You never know what you are going to find.
For me it is often nothing but when I find something I need, it's often nothing to sneeze about on the price!
Half or less than regular retail.

Not too crowded.
Looking for stainless steel cups, all sold out.
I was greeted when I walked in, Friendly.
Looked for swim suits but they hardly had any.
They must have a big turnover!
Come early in the day if you need something.

This location has generally friendly staff and a decent selection of clothing items.
Like other Ross locations, they are understaffed and at times the store is a complete mess.

