As a first-time home buyer I was... well, anxious, clueless, and needy (to put it mildly!
)  Danny was not only available at the drop of a text, but he also offered me honest counsel as to why I should NOT buy some of the houses that we viewed.
He was also very patient and communicative during a very challenging negotiation with a seller.
Ultimately, I ended up with a house I LOVE that has appreciated substantially in the 8 months I've owned it.
Can't recommend this guy enough to any other first-time buyers who need a lot of support in navigating the process.

You know the dad, Phil, on Modern Family?
The one who is tirelessly passionate about residential real estate?
That's Daniel.
Whether you're a first-time homebuyer, an investor, or a seller, the Myriad Real Estate Group is an excellent go-to for all of your real estate needs!
Daniel and Skyler are both seasoned realtors who go the extra mile to help their clients through every step of the home buying or selling process.
Daniel is extremely friendly, professional, and organized - you can tell he truly cares about finding the perfect home for his clients.
He is also very patient - an excellent quality for a realtor - you will never feel rushed into making a decision.
He and Skyler are very available and willing to work with you, even if you have a hectic schedule.
Since they are part of a team, even if one of them is busy, there is always someone available to step in and help make sure you're taken care of.
When you're buying a home, especially a new build, it's easy to get taken advantage of if your not well represented.
It's important to have a seasoned realtor on your side to make sure you're interests are being protected.
Even after the home-buying process is complete, Daniel is available and happy to provide valuable contacts that you can use as a homeowner.
I would highly recommend the Myriad Real Estate Group!

Go with Myriad if you want an honest and personal home-buying experience.
100% satisfied working with Daniel.

I just bought my second home with the guidance and support of Daniel and Myriad Real Estate!
His expert team of inspectors actually helped me decide to back out of a deal that he foresaw would likely have issues in the future.
Daniel was honest and cared more about finding the right house than closing the deal.
Through his hard work, we ended up finding a better house and still closing in the same timeline as the first deal.
I will be recommending him to everyone I know!

Danny and Skyler are not only valued and trusted business contacts to us but have become close friends as well.
We have had the pleasure to work with Danny for approximately 6 years now and can honestly say that he has never once disappointed us.
Not only are these guys honest and honorable business men but they are extremely creative, savvy and enjoyable to work with.
They are always professional and it is easy to see they love what they do and have a genuine desire to make their clients happy and meet their individual needs.
We highly recommend them to anyone looking to buy or sell a house.
We personally would not trust anyone else for our buying and selling needs!

