Wish I could give a fair review of the service but seeing as how I never made it back to see the chiropractor, I can't review that.
What I can make a review on is their complete lack of anything resembling customer service.
As I sat there AFTER filling out my paperwork for an ongoing membership they proceeded to take people that came in after me.
Business must be booming when they can treat new people with such complete disregard for our time or needs.
Nothing was ever said to me, just sat there watching them ignore me.
If you are a current member, congrats to you.
For potential new members, prepare to be made to feel unwanted.
Shame I had to even give them this one star.

Friendly and fast service.
Always feel great afterwards.
This place is a weekly must for my back.
Love the convenience of different locations as well.
Highly recommended.

I've not had the actual service yet, but I will update when I do.
For now, I just want to rate my experience going in.
I spoke to the associate at the front desk, I believe her name was Portia?, and she was very friendly and helpful.
I went in at 6:30, because I work 8-6, wanting to fill out any required paperwork and get an adjustment.
However I was told that new patients need to be there by 6 if they want to be seen prior to their closing at 7.
I was pretty put off by this.
I understand the necessity of forms, but considering the below reviewer advised the paperwork took her 4 minutes I'm confident I could've completed it in that time as well, allowing another 25 minutes prior to their posted closing time and since there was not another single soul in the office I felt that they should've tried to work with me.
It's not a deal breaker because I know people want to get home but I feel like if you are a new business trying to elicit new clientele then maybe you might be willing to make a few exceptions.
If your sign says you close at 7 and you don't accept appointments, you might not want to turn away customers that come in 30 minutes prior to your actual closing time.
Additionally, while the sign on the window says $19, your first adjustment is actually $29, unless you have a coupon from their website or from another location and the rest of their pricing was different than the location next to my house as well; for example you can get 4 treatments a month for around $45 with no-contract at the facility by my house but at this facility it was $60 for four treatments a month with no-contract.
When I questioned the associate on this she was vague but did confirm that different locations do have slightly different pricing schedules.
Upon further questioning, she also mentioned that once you've signed up you can use any facility so it behooves you to sign up at a location that charges you a lower monthly cost.
All in all, I will be going back to this Joint location but only after I sign up at a different one :) I give them 3 hopefully-soon-to-be-amended stars.

I've had nothing but great experiences here since I've joined.
The front staff is always friendly and courteous, plus the office is always clean.
I have admit that I will only go on days that Dr. Brim is there.
Can't help it because he's really just the best.
I can say that with confidence because I've gone to the other locations in town.

Roland is amazing.
I highly recommend this place.
Friendly service and great results.
Much better than the Maryland Pkwy location.

