Bought a 2nd hand 20" mountain bike for five bucks (!
) from someone on Craigslist a couple weeks ago.
It actually wasn't in horrible condition but regardless, I planned to have it looked at, tweaked, greased etc before releasing the six-year-old on it.
I honestly didn't know that Build-A-Bike was in Surprise and was planning to arrange a service at Performance Bike on Thunderbird, but the wife pointed out that there was a bike shop that she'd seen from the road "behind Kohls".
At the time they weren't showing on Yelp so I submitted the business entry and voila, here I am with the first review.
Took the bike in today and boy, what a great experience!
Tyler greeted me as soon as I walked in and immediately took my bike to a service area in the corner.
While I waited and chatted with him, he fitted a new colored chain, a bell, grips and replaced the rusty old kickstand.
Service was done in no more than 20 mins, and for a cost well under what I was expecting!
I normally give three stars for places I like and very rarely give four.
This place gets five - friendly, efficient, the store is clean, and they look to have a good selection of bikes and parts, and extremely reasonably priced for service.
I literally can't think of anything else that I'd expect from a bike store.
Well worth anyone's business!

I took my sons bike in for some minor adjustments and these guys were great!
In and out in 15 minutes.
They did not pressure to upsell anything and gave recommendations on a few other things to adjust.
A great experience and I highly recommend these guys if you need a bike repair in Surprise.

Just saw on the news that this wonderful shop actually DONATED a brand new trike to a elderly gentleman who had his stolen.
There should definitely be more generous people in this world like the owners of Build a Bike!
Awesome work!!

These guys rock.
Took my bike in, got it serviced and ended up buying a bike rack because the staff member was just so helpful.
I don't think I have ever had someone be so helpful and explain each aspect.
Definitely bring it back in again.

Ok so on 5/3 I went to the Union Hills location.
Randy was working.
All I can say is AWESOME.
Very smart knowledgable kind!
He made me feel important and did above and beyond to ensue my bike was perfect!
I will be a permanent customer now!
Thank you!!!!!

My husband took our bikes to get serviced here.
They replaced brakes, ordered new tires, and cleaned up the bikes.
I wasn't a big fan if their prices for service & parts, but my husband was happy.
So that makes me happy.
The guys there were nice and was very helpful.
Luckily my husband liked his experience and loved the condition of his bike...  Me knowing their prices would have made me by a brand new bike elsewhere instead of having them work on mine....or walk right out with a smile and my $$$ Just sayin'...

Just moved here from GA.
So this is the 1st bike shop I've checked out and  it was awesome.
People who work there helpful friendly and fast.
On top of great deal on tubing for tires 35$ for life warranty..can't beat it.

