Thinking about doing something extreme in Vegas?
Then this is your spot... it's great firing a few rounds at the shooting range, but it's even better shooting paintballs at your friends!
Located just minutes away from the strip, Club Splat is the newest and largest indoor paintballing joint in Las Vegas!
You might be asking why I gave this place 5 stars and who cares if it's indoors?
Well let me explain....  Paintballing is a high adrenaline blood pumping sport, you're running, crouching, sliding, and crawling in anything and everything.
Now imagine doing all that in 110-degree weather!
You'll start sweating just thinking about it!
Now, not only is the weather awful; but also, if you've never played paintball before try playing out doors where you're on the side that gets beamed by all the glare from the sun.
Try not to shoot your teammates...
It's a fact, playing outside does not compare with the fun excitement of playing in an indoor field!
What's also great about this place is the variety of fields they offer...  Club Splat features four awesome fields; The Pro field, a speedball field with turf and blowup bunkers, The Wild Wild West, a shanty western town made from plywood, Splat Town a miniature replica of Call of Duty Black Ops popular Nuke Town, and a kid friendly field, Kid Splat.
The fields are really creative and truly a lot of fun for any size of group.
What's great about Wild Wild West and Splat Town is that if you have a really large party they'll combine the two fields to make one gigantic field!
How cool is that?!
Not only is the facility top notch, but also the team is truly dedicated to making sure you have a great time.
They're super cool and all about teaching you what you need to know to have fun.
They don't laugh at you when you get shot or ignore any questions you have about the sport; they're just as focused on safety.
They're very knowledgeable about the sport and the refs are always sharing tips about improving your game.
What's great for tourists is that they offer free transportation to and from strip hotels and offer a unique Happy Hour to help you save on entry, rentals, and paint!
Overall the facility receives a 5/5, the staff is fun and friendly 4/5 and the pricing is a little expensive 4/5, but what do you expect?
You're on the strip...

Being an indoor field, you would think the cooling would be adequate to keep it a reasonable temperature.
Unfortunately this is not the case.
When my friends and I went there to play it was in the 100s outside.
Inside was not much better.
It also didn't help that the two main fans above the player staging area were turned off.
I personally asked one of the two staff members that were there if there was anything that could be done about the heat before noticing the fans were off.
I was told everything was running and at its highest output.
Eventually my group noticed the fans were off and found out how to turn them on.
When I mentioned it to the staff member I had asked about the heat earlier, I was told it was always on.
When I corrected the person, all I got was a shrug.
As a result of the heat, I got sick for an hour and had to sit in the arcade to cool down (which is air conditioned).
When the fans were finally turned on, it did cool down but, the fans were only a part of the reason for that.
The other part was it cooled off significantly outside.
So, I cannot say 100% for sure which caused it to become bearable.
The fact that the place wasn't fully up and running is still a big negative for me.
Rental equipment was actually quite good.
My friends that needed them had no issues and the markers shot strait.
The facility is new as are the rentals so I would hope they would be in good condition.
The majority of the markers are new Tippmann FT-12s.
Paint and entry cost wise is pretty expensive if you get there during general admission times.
There is as of writing this, "Happy Hour" times that give you a 60% discount on paint, entry, and rental.
You have to show up during certain times to get these discounts.
As a result, it does make it a lot more reasonable.
Staff wise, I did not have to much issue with them outside of the heat issue and not having the facility fully set up to keep us cool.
As I said before though, there were only two people working there.
One manning the front counter, the other dishing out rentals.
As a result, no refs on any of the three fields.
On to the fields.
There are three, not four.
Two scenario fields and one airball field.
As the facility is new, everything is in very good condition and is quite clean.
I have no complaints about the fields themselves.
They were quite good considering it was an indoor field.
Overall, I was underwhelmed with Club Splat.
The whole selling point of going to an indoor field is that it will be cooler than playing at an outdoor field.
That was not the case from my experience.
The field is also understaffed like LVPP is as well.
(Both fields are owned by the same guy.
)  I would be willing to give it another shot but I'd need to be assured it wouldn't be so darn hot inside and there would actually be refs there to keep an eye on things.
Until that happens, I will not be returning.

This place is awesome!
The staff and Thomas are experts on paintball gear and equipment.
I took my son during the summer as a fun activity to experience and he's been hooked since!
The referees guard the playing field closely and everyone demonstrates very mature sportsmanship.
We eventually purchased our own gear and expanded our membership because my son has so much fun every time!
I highly recommend club splat for older children and adults looking for a ton of excitement..

Great place for indoor paintball.
Came here for a bachelor party daytime activity, because how long can you really stay at a strip club for... after you run out of dolla bills... and been there the entire day before... and are told to leave...   Anyways... if you have over 10 in your group you are able to have your own private group, which is great cuz I dont need 15 year olds talk smack to me in Call of Duty and real life...
They have 3 courses inside... there isn't AC in here, but it beats trying to play outside in 120 degree vegas heat during the summer.
The courses are in good condition, enough room for the group to run around and stuff...  You can rent almost anything there cept a neck guard... which getting hit in the neck is not very likely, but I've been hit in the neck before and it left what looked like a hickey for 2 months... not easy to explain when you get back home especially when you've spent 2 days in a strip club.

