Definitely a great show.
Funny and exceptionally entertaining.
I would definitely see Murray again the next time we are in town.
Awesome show for the whole family.

Fantastic combination of comedy and magic.
Murray kept the whole audience laughing, punctuated with amazing demonstrations of magic.
His beautiful assistant Chloe and contributing act Leftie completed the whole package.
Looking forward to seeing Murray on TV and when we come back the Vegas.

You don't have to drop a fortune to see REAL talent.
This is the REAL thing !!
Great magic, laughs, & an absolutely GORGEOUS assistant !!
And if that's not enough, after the show you can meet them all and have your picture taken with them.
A family friendly show in an intimate setting.
You won't be disappointed !!!

I have been a fan of Murray since I first saw him on America's Got Talent.
The Tropicana is a smaller theater and just about every seat is really close to the stage.
Which means you can see everything up close and personal.
The bad thing is that means that Murray has to be at the top of his game even more since there is no room to hide on that stage.
With that being said, his performance and delivery was flawless.
His assistant, and wife Chloe make a perfect pair on the stage.
His other assistant Leftie was hilarious and a talented magician.
Another member of the cast tonight was Chris Scandal.
Another amazing magician.
This is one of the things I respected about Murray.
This was the Murray show, but he gladly shared his spotlight with others.
The show is also very family friendly, nothing that would make you want to cover the little eyes with you.
Also, with the show being at 4:00, you can still see this show and make another one the same night...so it is also schedule friendly.

Murray's show was one of the highlights of our trip to Vegas.
I was there with my teenage son and two of his friends for a birthday weekend - none of us had ever seen a live magic show.
A friend in Vegas invited us to Murray's show, saying it was a 'must-see'.
He was not wrong!
Murray is an incredible performer - I don't know how all of his charisma can be contained on that small stage.
His delivery is flawless, the magic is fun and amazing and the laughs never stop.
It was a full hour of total entertainment.
What a treat!
We loved how he poked fun at the audience and brought some of them up on stage to assist.
The kids are still trying to pick apart the magic tricks to figure out how he makes it all happen.
The supporting cast are great, too - beautiful Chloe, bumbling Lefty and guest magician Chris Scandal.
The icing on the cake was that the whole cast was waiting for us immediately after the show as we exited, ready to sign autographs, shake hands and take photos with everyone.
It was a very nice touch to be able to interact with them all, no egos or pretense.
This really is a must-see show, the real deal.
Don't miss it if you are in Vegas!

Great entertainment for the whole family.
Murray is a very talented and skilled performer and his show is one that you want to see when you are in Vegas.
Funny, current, great delivery, timing, and his magician skills are first rate.
Murray engages the audience and keeps you complete entertained the whole time.
As I looked around the room to see how the audience was responding, I saw every face smiling and laughing.
It is a feel good show!!!
I am Grateful that Murray is in Vegas!

MURRAY SAWCHUCK at THE TROPICANA.
I was curious to see what type of magic show I'd get at a major casino at 4PM on a Sunday afternoon, especially directly across the street from the MGM GRAND and DAVID COPPERFIELD!
What I saw at THE LAUGH FACTORY at THE TROPICANA was a FUN, ENTERTAINING, FAMILY ORIENTATED magic and comedy show.
Murray entertained for just over an hour with incredible sleight of hand tricks, a few "magic box" tricks where his beautiful assistant would seemingly vanish, and a couple other cast members who were also very skilled and entertaining magicians.
There was no bar service.
No cocktails.
No rowdy hecklers.
Just a fun show.
If I had kids, this is the show I would take them to in Las Vegas.

Good show if you are not very experienced magic viewer.
The problem is that there is little orginiality in this show... and really little Vegas pizzazz.
A small show with cliche tricks and humor.
The magicians are fairly skilled but for VIP tickets that came out to $50 for two (and this was suppose to be a two for one, since the person I went with was a local), I felt ripped-off.

We went to see Murray on Friday and we're still talking about it.
This guy is quick witted and his magic is fantastic.
We loved the entire show and will definitely going back.
A must see for anyone.

My wife and I went to his Sunday night 7PM show.
We had great seats (the Laugh Factory is a small venue so every seat is pretty darn good), and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
We've lived in Vegas for nearly 6 years and this was our first magic show we've ever attended here.
Murray is extremely quick on the wit (I was one of his victims) and masterfully blends comedy with magic.
Myself and two other guys were called up on stage to assist with a card trick.
When it was all over, I heard the guy right next to me saying "son of a @#%^&!
" at the exact same time I did--we were both so simply amazed,  as was everyone else in the audience.
Another plus were the guest magicians--one being Jonathan Scott of HGTVs" The Property Brothers".
It's a great fun show, and it's appropriate for all ages!
There aren't too many shows on the strip that you can say that about!

Awesome show!
This man needs a larger venue!!!!
He is totally awesome and the people in his show are great as well!
Will return, but really hope someone opens their eyes to the gem they have in Vegas!
His skills are awesome!

This is a pretty good afternoon magic show that can be enjoyed by the whole family.
It is performed on the Laugh Factory comedy club stage at the Tropicana.
It is a small venue so all the seats are good seats.
Murray and his team meets you outside after the show for autographs and pictures.

Great show!
Great for all ages!
Made me laugh from beginning to end and I can't figure out how he did all that he did!
He definitely needs a bigger stage, I was expecting him to do what he did on Americas got talent and all the big tricks but the small ones worked fine because he really impressed me!
If you wanna see a magic show, see this one !

I live in Las Vegas and have seen the majority of all the shows offered.
Murray the Comic Magician is one of the best shows ANYWHERE.
I have seen his shows multiple times, the last being his two year anniversary.
In every show the house was packed.
From the first minute of his show the audience is fully engaged with the laughter and applause filling the room.
If you only have time for one show - see MURRAY!
Like another reviewer I hope show producers open their eyes and sign him to a larger venue.

I cannot believe I even wasted my time sitting through this BS stand up comedian want a be.
I bought these show tickets based on his reviews and his commercials on TV and AGT.
Well dint be tricked.
I wouldn't waste my time again ever with this stupid waste of time ever again.
This is a joke and a bad name for the rest of what magic stands for.

This was mine and my wife's first trip to Vegas, and we booked Murray among several other shows, based heavily on Yelp.
Our experience at Murray Celebrity Magician was the sole driver in my decision to join Yelp.
Maybe he was having an off day, but Murray's performance at the Laugh Factory was awful.
His magic was weak, and he only did two real tricks; both of them being drawn out miserably long.
Frequently throughout the performance he complained that there was not enough applause, and even chided the audience for clapping at a jokey ring trick when compared to the applause from his big card trick.
His assistant's magic tricks and comedy were more entertaining, but overall we were horribly disappointed.
To add insult to injury, the 90-minute billing was actually only about 50 minutes long.
I'm not sure if he cut it short because he was annoyed or if it is just significantly shorter than described.
I would not recommend his show at the price we paid or at any price.
As avid watchers of AGT we were horribly disappointed and felt like the show was both a waste of time and of money.
Seeing as this is my first Yelp review, I'm not sure about the etiquettte, but we also saw two Cirque shows, Mac King comedy magic, and visited several attractions and had a blast at every one of them.

We all enjoyed the show but we're pretty sure Murray can do much more amazing stuff than what he actually does at this 60 minute magic/comedy act.
The room is quite small...the stage is even smaller.....and I sense we've seen all the tricks before.
Nothing really new or innovative.
card tricks...girl sawed in half etc.
been there/done that.
Murray is a very likeable guy and his two assistants are OK....but I guess for $25 a ticket(which we paid)..what can you expect.
its family friendly....no drinks even offered....and its at 4pm....so it has its positives.
I wanted to like Murray more than I actually did.
Was impressed with the improvements made at the Tropicana.
Not such a scary place any more!

