This is the best boba place in Henderson.
Now I have craving for their boba everyday !

Make sure to ask for the cute short and stout cup!
This place is likely to be the first place in Vegas with boba milk tea that comes close to the good boba I had in LA.
Mind you, I am not a big fan of boba due to my traumatizing food/boba poison experience on a Thailand family trip.
QQ is my go to place whenever I go do my nails at Luxy.
My go to flavor is brown sugar milk tea with honey boba and lychee green tea with lychee jelly.
I can't wait to try all the flavors and share my finding with my fellow yelpers!

It's nice that there's finally a boba place on Eastern, and that we don't have to drive all the way to Spring Mountain to get some!
I ordered the almond milk tea (+ boba), and my boyfriend had the icee thing with pudding and honey.
They were both really good and the boba was just the right consistency.
There are a few reasons I am not giving it 5 stars.
First, I rarely give 5 stars after going somewhere just once, because I think consistency is important.
Second, they are pretty slow at making the drinks (one at a time).
I'm glad they spend the time to make them just right, but I can imagine that if this becomes a super busy venue then they will have trouble keeping up with the crowd.
In the future, I hope they are able to a) pick up the pace, b) get some more chairs & tables to hang out, and c) stay open later.
I know they're new so they are still working out the kinks, and I hope I can upgrade this to 5 stars the next time I go back!
Update: They have a sign that says "please make sure your order is correct before you leave" yada yada yada.
My friend ordered one drink but another came out - when she went back to tell them that wasn't what she ordered, they pointed to the receipt and insisted that it was.
It never occurred to them that maybe it was THEIR error in punching in the order on the keypad.
Even if it wasn't, good customer service would have been to replace the drink with what the customer at least THOUGHT she ordered.
Knocking down from 4 to 3 stars.

A convenient boba place close to In-N-Out, Monta Chaya, and Gold's Gym on Eastern and Serene!
For those who don't live next to China town, this is a very easy to reach place for good boba.
1 ) The owner is friendly and welcoming, the store is run by him and his wife.
The logo is in fact his daughter, so it does have meaning!
The store itself is in a reachable place, and next to many markets and restaurants, such as Monta Chaya Ramen.
Great plaza to eat traditional Japanese ramen and then grab a drink at QQ!
2 ) The boba itself is derived from "Half and Half Tea Express" from LA.
They have cute stumpy cups, perfect for holding and a great size.
The tapioca are made from honey and sugar.
If you order a drink that has a flavor, such as the Strawberry Iced Milk Tea, he will use normal boba.
However, if you happen to order a normal drink without specific flavoring, the boba used would be made with "black sugar.
" Black sugar boba is WAY BETTER.
He does not include it inside some flavored drinks like the Strawberry, because the strawberry syrup is made from fresh strawberries and sugar, and he doesn't want to make it too sweet.
I would ask for the black sugar boba anyway because its great.
Be sure if to tell him how sweet u want it or don't  want it if you are worried, because he knows some Asians don't like too sweet and some Americans like a bit more on the sweeter side.
The drinks themselves are fantastic and very cheap compared to other places.
I at first ordered the "iced milk", which I must warn you, has a layer of crushed ice on top, because its "iced milk", he blends ice with condensed milk.
If you don't like a layer of crushed ice on your drink, avoid the "iced milk".
The toppings are great, and they have a variety of pudding.
Egg pudding, and Taro pudding, which happen to my favorite toppings in boba.
I strongly recommend adding it in if it isn't already in your drink ^^ and plus they have a pretty large variety of drinks.
If you aren't awake, you can ask him to add a shot of expresso into your drink to keep yourself up.
This entire month of December 2013, there is a BUY ONE GET ONE HALF OFF DEAL!
and if you aren't buying two, you can get a 20% discount if you check in on Facebook in store!
Don't miss it while its still here!
Overall, this is the first place in Vegas to be similar to the great Half and Half Tea Express in LA.
Not bad and better than lots of other places, and if you have an complaints, don't feel bad to tell him!
He will be happy to learn from you and change things :D Its new so don't be too harsh if it doesn't come out the way you want!
WARNING : New business, and most of the time, its only the Owner working.
His wife is occasionally there, but its usually only 1 person making drinks.
He has not hired yet and I assume he will when he begins to make more business or realizes that his business will thrive.
So if you visit in groups of 5-10, expect a wait time!
The interior is pretty good sized, not too many seats for many people, but its comfortable.
And don't forget to turn on the light in the hallway if you plan to use the restroom!
otherwise its a very creepy walk to the restroom.

It's great to have a place closer to the Henderson/Anthem area that's not overpriced like it's competitors around town.
Great service and continually kind assistance is given whenever asked any questions.
Super size is also pretty cool for those who want to really satisfy their boba crave!
Definitely will be a place to go for boba and even coffee.
Wide variety of options in the menu at affordable prices.
What's not to like?

This place is worth a shot for sure  Very clean place Drinks are made quick And they are very well priced  The Thai ice tea with boba is perfect A lot of different styles of drinks If u are thirsty and want a sweet drink   Your welcome

This place has a lot of potential.
They recently opened a few weeks ago, so their menu is limited to drinks only.
I ordered the green milk tea with boba and it was pretty good (honey boba, mmmmmmmm).
I definitely plan on being here again and hopefully when they get established; popcorn chicken will be added to the menu!

Such a cute open space!
Thanks to yelp, I wouldn't have known it was so close to my friend's place :) I got brown sugar milk tea, it was nummys.
The cups there are huge and wide, which is awesome but may be limited to fit in most cupholders.
The couple there were very sweet also.

First time here, the guy who helped me out was super cool and funny.
He recommended one of the milk teas, so I go the green milk tea with boba.
He was so cool that he gave me some extra pudding !My drink came out so good, just the right amount of sweetness.
Definitely a place to try out when you're in the area !
Oh and they have a 20% off deal when you check in !

Really happy I tried this place!
Living in henderson there aren't that many places that you can get a good avocado smoothly with boba.
Normally, I drive all the way to Chinatown which is pretty far from where I am.
But now I don't have to!
The price is super reasonable 4 bucks and I absolutely loved my drink.
Next time I'm here I'll even try something else cause, I'm thinking the milk tea!
Oh and extra bonus, it's a family business.
Complete with the owners daughter (the logo) playing in the back.
Something I really can support.

I'm a boba snob and mean business when it comes to drinking Boba.
If it ain't squishy in the right texture that it ain't good.
If there's chunks of ice in the slush that you can't drink through the straw, then it ain't good.
The cups are cute but need an invention for a cup holders.
The store is a bit cold, no cute decorations, and lack tables and chairs.
The only reason why I deducted one star.
The prices are very reasonable.
Better than the boba in Chinatown.

We made it just in time.
They just made a fresh batch of boba.
It's good news to know they make boba in batches and not  let it sit.
Boba was good, smoothies were smooth, and taste was yummy!
Agree with others, not too many places to sit so one star less.
However, for what it's worth, still a must go.

In the quaint little plaza I call Gold's plaza(because of the gym), lies this "new", "woodsy"-smelling with minimal decorations place of thirst-quenching delicious-ness!
The owner is super nice and allowed us to take our time while he checked to make sure his planks were straight and in line.
I was drawn to the larger cups but realized they're just shaped differently.
I ordered the Black-Tea Sesame milk tea with boba and my BF ordered Almond milk tea with pudding and honey boba.
If you have ever had the black sesame pudding that's found in Asian markets in the Red Box (fond memories of my childhood), then order the black sesame milk tea.
The almond milk tea was also good and not so sweet as most other places, I never tried pudding in my drinks previously but it was a nice change.
They offer a stamp card!
Will definitely be filling it up

I stopped by here after spending time at the gym which is a couple doors down.
Ordered Green Tea flavored with Lychee.
If you like beverages super sweet then you'll like this drink.
I did like the green tea, but thought the added lychee flavor was just a tad too syrupy.
Not sure if it was supposed to be that way so I didnt say anything.
I'll order something else next time since they make different types of other drinks.
At this point of sale there was a 20% your drink when you check in on your Yelp app.
So dont forget to check in!
Also they have a stamp card program..so grab or ask for one if you plan on being a regular.
10 stamps = free drink.
The drink cups they serve it in are a little flimsy, so don't grip the cup with too much pressure.
Hence why they probably posted a sign that they are not responsible if you accidentally drop your drink inside or outside the store.
I thought it was odd, but after they handed my drink to me I see why they posted that sign.
What's unique about this place is one of the drink cups they have is a different shape, shorter but wider, easier to hold, but keep in mind it wont fit in drink holders in your car.
The place is clean, modestly furnished with a sofa , pub chairs in the seating area.
Staff is super friendly and helpful.
The place is always fairly busy but wait time wasn't that long at all.
This Boba Tea place is a welcome addition to this strip mall.

ICE MILK WITH TARO AND HONEY BOBA.
'NUFF SAID.
I've never had "ice milk" before until I tried this place out.
It's so delicious!
All fruit flavors are made with the actual fruit.
The boba has a wonderfully sweet taste and chewy texture.
Customer service is great!
It's usually the owner, wife, and lil kid there.
I've wondered why they don't have any more seating but apparently the health district won't allow it.
I couldn't remember everything the owner said, but including the workers, there can only be about 14 people in there at a time and some other dictated reasons, so they just generally went through a lot of complications and the owner seemed a little frustrated by the codes.
Seriously, this place is delicious.
I really hope they get a lot of business from word of mouth.To me, I think it may be the best in vegas.
Creative flavors, and real fruit, generally inexpensive and generous, and who's heard of ice milk?
That thing is ingenious.

Awesome place !
I use to drink regular boba tea but ever since I found out about this place.
I fell in love.
I usually get the STRAWBERRY EGG PUDDING & HONEY BOBA ice milk drink.
It's icey, sweet & milky.
The cups are super big depending on the size.
You can always ask the guy there whether you like it sweeter or less sweet.
Customer service is on point !
The guy there is always super friendly & tells us little things about each certain drinks.
He always makes conversation with us which is nice.
I would say best boba place I've been to so far.

*Update: I think they've caught on that with their yummy drinks they need to keep up with business demands - they had boba my last few visits:):) Keep it coming!
I'm happy to see more and more customers visiting this place -- won't be long now til they creep up behind No.1 boba tea.
I wish I could give a better rating.
Don't get me wrong - drinks are great and the owners are nice BUT...for being a boba shop they run out of boba A LOT.
Today was my third time coming in and being told to either come back in 45mins or sorry we are out.
Another time I got the last serving and a lady also came in and expressed her disappointment that it was her third time also missing out on boba.
The owner simply replied that if he makes too much it would be a waste --- really?!
Wouldn't you rather get business with 80% up charge than lose the cost of your unused boba which could easily be dismissed at the end of the day if you didn't have to turn drinks away....???
Sorry to say but I will be hesitating to come back - just stick to No.1 Boba down the street.

Digging the vibe at this tea house.
Owner is friendly and accommodating.
Place is clean, quiet and inviting.
The product is good.
Stop in and check it out.

The drinks here are delicious!
As with most here who agree that although the boba at Chinatown are delicious as well, it's VERY convienient to have a shop such as this located in the Henderson area.
Although I am a regular at buying milk tea drinks, I decided to switch gears and order one of their "Ice Milk" drinks.
More specifically, I ordered the Ice milk with caramel, pudding, and honey boba.
One thing I can definitely say was that this was the most refreshing boba drink I've ever had.
It was the perfect amount of sweetness for me, as well as the smoothness (for slush).
The ice blend/slush made the milk so refreshingly sweet and cold to the point where I couldn't put this drink down.
The caramel added more flavor (almost resembling that of toffee).
I also had pudding for the first time in my boba and it was yummy as well.
Not that much flavor in the pudding except for a slight vanilla or custard taste but, hey it works and definitely makes boba more enjoyable to drink.
I'm not too picky on boba texture, but it was chewy and soft and the syrup blended well into the drink.
Overall, this drink resembled a light crème brulee.
I would absolutely order this drink again.
On to service.
I was happily greeted and as I was ordering, he (I forgot to catch his name) had informed me of the various sizes of the shakes, why they are so big, and also provide me with a stamp card.
As I received my order, he informed me of how to mix their drinks since all of the goods are at the bottom (the best part).
The shop is very spacious and has minimal seating area.
Can't wait to stop by here again!

Finally I found a boba place on my side of town that actually tastes good!!!
Taro smoothies are my favorite of all time.
And this place does it right.
It's actually rich in taro flavor but not too sweet.
They also have a taro milk tea which is also creamy and good.
For their non dairy selections, they offer flavored black or green teas.
I haven't tried them yet, but I am looking forward to trying them once summer hits and I need a refreshing drink.
For the boba itself, they are not selfish with it.
They give you a huge portion of it with your drink.
And it doesn't get hard and chewy if you order it with a cold beverage.
I like to add taro pudding in my drink as well and they do not skimp on that either.
I usually have a huge chunk of pudding left after I have already finished my drink.
The prices are very reasonable as compared to other boba spots around town.
I can get a huge 24 oz drink with boba AND pudding for about $5.
They offer a stamp card as well so don't forget it when it's time to pay.
The owner is friendly and is patient if you can't decide on what to drink.
P.S.
There isn't a huge area to sit around and hang out.
I don't mind this because I always get my drinks to go.

I stopped by when this place first opened and below are my reviews for multiple times I've visited.
There isn't much seating available - just a couple of chairs, then a sofa with a coffee table available.
1st visit: So again, I stopped by when this place first opened - the male owner notified me and Bun they ran out of boba.
I found it a bit weird but decided to grab a drink anyways - I got plain MT.
Definitely skip this one - pretty watered down and highly recommend getting it with some sort of flavor.
What got me through the drink was that it was the fat cup size.
2nd visit: I troll the owner a little asking if boba is now available and he replies yes - to my trolling it was to hint that we were the customers who visited less than 3 days ago, however the owner didn't remember sadly.
But good news was boba was available now.
Got the Ice Milk drank with caramel, honey boba, and pudding.
Exactly what I was expecting from other places I've gotten it before and it's pretty sweet but I  don't mind it so much once in a while.
3rd visit: I went again the day AFTER my second visit.
Still, no recognition from the SAME owner who has seen Bun and I 3 times in one week.
We had decided to give up all hopes in being remembered.
I got Strawberry Milk Tea (get this instead of plain MT) and bun got the Strawberry slush - skip this cuz it was pretty sour and tasted like a funky jolly rancher.
Again, Bun and I felt this is a little ridiculous to not be remembered at all by the owner really.
Ironic enough is it's the same owner who had kept apologizing the first time we visited because they ran out of boba and we wanted to like him - we really do but I mean some say third time's a charm but I don't think so for here.
I swear if the owner had just said "hey!
welcome back!
" or "thanks for visiting again!
" it would've wheeled bun and me in - but nope.
But you know, still got close ties with my "homie" at Icy Juicy - always be waving at each other every time Bun and I enter, and even a "Happy Chinese New Year" too - we coo, we coo.

This place reminds me of Half and Half in California.
Their iced milk drinks are boooomb esp with the egg pudding, taro egg pudding and strawberries.
I usually avoid the boba here because I like soft boba, and their boba is harder than most places.
I love their interior and furniture, but they could use more seats.
The owner is extremely friendly and helpful, so you should follow his suggestions!
:)  The reason I gave this place 4 stars is because of the wait at times.
Sometimes I'll wait like twenty minutes for my drink.

The guy there is super nice!
He's the father of the baby girl on their logo.
I went there with two of my best friends.
He's familiar with us.
We stayed there for like an hour just talking and he was super chill.
The boba is really good too!
Feels like home there whenever I visit.

We tried this place on a whim because we were in the area and were pleasantly surprised!
The avacado boba is fantastic!
I was skeptical because I'm not a huge avacado fan but it was amazing!
I've since tried it at a few other places and it was quite horrible so I'm glad that I tried it here first so I know what it can taste like.
We will definitely be back.

Owner is super nice, has cool hairstyle.
Excellent and tasty drinks, nice and new store.

Very good boba on my side of town!
I used to go to Tea Station just for good boba, but ever since QQ Boba opened, I don't have to drive so far!
Ice milk drink with caramel, pudding, & honey boba is my favorite!
The staff/ husband & wife that work here are very friendly & helped me choose the perfect drink!
This place is two thumbs up in my book!

Not bad!
I almost lost hope in boba in Vegas after going to another one in the area where a bunch of us tried it and we literally spat it back out.
So gross.
But I'm glad I found this place.
It's on the pricier side.
3.50 for a small where we usually get a large in most places we've been in LA, but I guess I'm willing to pay if there isn't a better place around vegas.
Ordered: -jasmine green milk tea w boba -regular milk tea w boba

best boba in town!
the 2 drinks i ordered were both so good.
just the right amount of sweetness n very refreshing.
Cant say enough how much i love their honey boba ( and the pudding) .
surprisingly the boba stlll so chewy n sweet after couple hours being in my fridge.
the price is very reasonable too.
would def recommend this place!

Not much seating inside of this place.
Has a TV and a couch up against a wall.
My tea was tasty and we ended up wandering down to another place to sit outside.

Love this place!
They're really nice and fairly priced.
The boba options are completely customizable.
Really delicious and highly recommended!

TARO Bobba is on point!
It's always perfectly blended.
And the bobba is just pure bliss.
It's hard first me to try other flavors but I have tried the avocado,  sesame  milk, and Thai tea.
Bomb as well.
They have stamp cards too!

I love the drinks here.
Tried the mango slush with mango jelly and boba and it was great.

Came here for the first time today to try out their boba... Well, all I can say is, I'll be back!
I ordered the ice milk with honey boba and pudding.
At first I thought it was a lot because it came in a 24 oz cup.
But when I started drinking it, I couldn't put it down...
It was very good and refreshing.
The honey boba gave it a little bit of a sweet flavor but not too sweet.
It was perfect.
The guy who took my order was friendly too.
I think he is the owner.
If you ask for a stamp card, they'll give you one as well.
The only down side is that, it was hard to find parking.
The whole mall was full, maybe it was because of the gym that is at the same mall as QQ Boba.
I'll definitely be back and try something different next time :)

Kind people working here.
Tons different boba tea.
They have coffee too.
Even better than "Half&Half" because not so noisy here.
But...
Asked for no ice in tea -- they forgot.
Coffee latte was not hot.

I ordered the ice milk drink with pudding and boba... SOOOOOOO YUMMMYYY!!
Prices are average for boba drinks.
Next time, I'm ordering the larger cup.
Lots of flavors to choose from as well as hot and cold drinks.
Person behind the counter (perhaps he's the owner?
) was super nice and made sure to tell me to shake my drink before I inserted the straw into the cup.
When using a card to pay, there is a $0.25 surcharge if your order is less than $5.00.
Located a few doors down from Gold's Gym and AT&T.

There arent many if any at all places to get a cup of boba milk tea in henderson, so when I found this place out I decided to give it a try.
Their boba drinks are decently priced and the owner was pretty nice in describing the details of each drink and taste as best he could before us ordering.
The insides on the down side is extremely small which is a slight disappointment.
It almost has an awkwardness to how empty it is inside which is a shame considering there plenty of potential room to set up a nice set of tables and seats.
The drinks are good, not overly sweet and the boba not too chewy or hard.
Slushed are a little over priced considering for the same price of a small you can get a large non slush drink with change to spare.
Over all not a bad place though if you want a quick stop to get a milk tea on the go and dont want to make the trip to china town.

Went to visit last Saturday after craving for boba.
I've always wanted to try this place for their super size cup because I've never seen a cup larger than 24oz at a boba place.
Very unique!
CUSTOMER SERVICE Did not get any service or nothing that really stood out to me.
I went to visit around 1 in the afternoon and there were 4 other people there.
They were all waiting for their drink so I just sat in one of the chair waiting and waiting.
Probably over 10 minutes of waiting, my drink comes out.
I look at the group that was here before me and they are still waiting for their drinks!The guy that made the drink didn't even apologize for the wait.
I might have been too anxious to try my super size drink!
DRINK I ordered a milk tea with honey boba in a super size cup.
I have no idea how big the cup is in ounce, but it looked like a bucket.
Big enough to where my German Shepherd could use it as a kibble tray.
I was excited but at the same time worried that my drink probably contain enough sugar/calorie for the whole month.
Luckily, the milk tea was PERFECT!
Not overly sweet, but tasted light sugar which I appreciated.
Boba was good texture, not the best but not the worst either.
Only thing I was unhappy about was the amount of ice in my milk tea.
There were barely any ice in it even though I never requested light ice.
I saw 3 little cubes of ice which melted in less than 10 minutes.
CONCLUSION Price was reasonable (less than $5).
This place is really far from my house but I will definitely visit again if I am in the area.

Nice, friendly.
Tasty milk tea.
Boba have a good texture.
Cooked thoroughly but not overdone.
Just right :-).
Quiet, clean, and simple.

Pretty standard run-of-the-mill boba joint.
I always order a chocolate milk tea with boba, and they didn't disappoint.
Prices were right, and they had a variety of sizes as well.
Their medium is the typical large, and they had big bucket-size cups as well (sizes I've only seen at the Quickly chain and Boba Fiend in Riverside, CA).
Minor quip: either their cup sealer wasn't working, or they were out of cup seals.
My cup was covered with a standard fast food cup lid.
The interior was surprisingly sparse -- just a single sectional couch.
No array of furniture for hanging out like so many other boba spots.
Oh well.

The Service is kind of slow here.
Usually at boba places it's fairly quick service.
We ordered 5 drinks and waited roughly 25 minutes.
Service was good    Drinks were good but not the best I've had.

Had to stop by here as this was the new (ish) boba place in town.
I really like the inside!
It's very simple and chic.
The menu is also digital and hangs on the wall.
Rad!
I got coconut milk tea here and the gentleman behind the counter asked me to try it before I left to make sure I like it.
Wow, that right there is awesome.
I shook my boba tea, sipped it, and it was good!
I think I'm still trying to find the perfect coconut milk tea, but for now it's much less sweet than No 1 Boba Tea down the road.
Sip to your heart's content!
Also, get a stamp card.

This place is ok...There was only 1 guy working so drinks took forever to come out because it got a little packed during the lunch hour.
I think I waited a good 10-15 min for my 1 drink!
I got the green milk tea which had good flavor but the pudding tasted weird to me and was a single block of pudding...how the hell am I supposed to drink the pudding if it won't fit in the straw?
How hard would it be to cut up the pudding into little cubes or slices and not have it be a giant chunk?
The pricing was cheap, however, boba, pudding, etc are considered add-ons at an additional 50 cent charge.
I made the mistake of getting the middle size which was a mistake since it's huge!
Just stick with the small one unless you're sharing!

I really like this place.
Best bang for your buck.
I got green milk tea.
The biggest size and it was less than 4 bucks.
What a deal!
It's also made to order.

Boba here is awesome.
I usually get taro or avocado smoothies and they make them with real fruit so the taste is delicious.
Customer service is also great here and I can usually get in & out in about 5 min.

The bobba is really good I love love it...BUT!!!!!!!
The asian employees always get my order wrong!!!!
They dont understand!!!!
I said I wanted boba and they dont put boba and they give me the wrong size!!!!!
I have nothing against asian but it would be better if they spoke well English

This is a good 4.5 stars.
I'd give a star just for this one thing alone: THE BOBA HAS BEEN GOOD EVERY VISIT (for me anyway - sorry Stephanie K.!).
Why is this so hard everywhere else?
Anyway.
If you're looking for the best boba spot around for the "classics," I can't think of anywhere better in Vegas.
For more variety, sure, there are other choices.
Boba is firm.
People are nice.
Flavors are spot on.
Sweetness is right.
They're used to reducing how much sugar you want just in case.
I've had ice milk tea with taro pudding and boba so many times now and I have no regrets.
Avocado is also delicious, and any of the tea choices, too.
What's missing then?
Seating.
It's a couch and a few chairs... then nothing.
It's usually empty probably because of this.
It's not welcoming exactly.
Also, as Brian P. mentioned, I'm not sure why they don't just chop up the pudding they add to some drinks.
It's one huge solid chunk.

My favorite boba place in Vegas ^___^ Thanks to Ardie Y.
& Sho Y. for taking me here and introducing me to my latest addiction.
This is definitely more of a walk-in/walk-out type of place.
Seating is limited to about 6 people.
It appears to be a waiting area over a sit and hang out area.
Maybe they'll change that in the future--hopefully?
They have plenty of space to work with.
Swap the couch and the singular table, add a couple more 2-tops...  All their boba is sweetened with honey *win* My drink of choice is the Ice Milk w/ Honey Boba & Taro Pudding (70% sugar).
Ice Milk = sweetened milk blended w/ ice.
It's perfect in all that it is and a great alternative to the heavier/sweeter beverages.
They're used to having people ask for less sugar and have no problems making your drink to your specifications.
I haven't had a bad cup here.
It makes me sad that I can't order my usual go-to Jasmine Milk Tea but they have a great selection of milk teas and you often have a choice of black or green tea.
The iced teas are excellent also.
Real grapefruit in the Grapefruit Iced Tea (50% sugar) !?
Unheard of.
I like Don't forget your stamp card!
Buy 10, get 1 free.

I'm so glad there is finally a great boba spot by the house!
It's so hard to find really good boba but I think we have now found a new spot!
Great size options, good prices, good flavors!
We are completely satisfied.
It looks like they just opened cause they didn't have much furniture and it was pretty warm inside but we don't usually sit around after we get our drinks.
They did forget to add the lychee to my order.
I called them when I got home and they told me to lmk on my next visit and they would take care of it.
We will definitely be back!

This is a little family owned boba joint.
The husband in front with a newly hired helper and a wife and daughter in the play room in the back.
The husband/owner is really nice and almost always try to make every drink the way you want it.
He spends the time asking you what you like and how you like it.
He pretty much custom blend the drink to your specification.
The drink turns out perfect everytime.

Walked in here to catch the tail end of the World Cup and get some much needed refreshment in the Vegas heat, and having gone to No 1 Boba across the street the day before for comparison, I must say Henderson can finally rejoice in having a legit boba spot that is comparable to Spring Mountain and possibly joints in LA (one prior reviewer stated their boba is the same as those used in the  popular Half and Half Tea Express franchise in SoCal but I did not ask the owner for confirmation).
The shop is run by a family whose little daughter is the inspiration for their logo.
Detractors may point out that service may be a little slow, there's an awkward placement of a couch and a few chairs like an unfinished room in terms of the seating area, and there are no options for food/dessert, but these can all be overcome in due time.
I admire the fact that they have a clear identity and focus on letting their product do the talking at the outset since that will ultimate build loyalty and generate buzz in the long run.
The slightly longer wait time is well worth it since the folks behind the counter are intent on crafting the perfect drink much like a seasoned mixologist serving individually tailored cocktails.
I appreciated the owner explaining the various options and inquiring about the level of desired sweetness since I've had it bad on both extremes at other shops.
Aside from passion fruit, fresh fruit and juices are used and there are some innovative add-ons such as taro pudding and sesame boba, as well as specialty drinks using japanese yogurt (Yakult) and condensed milk (ice milk).
I ordered a grapefruit yogurt drink blended with green tea and boba.
Having received my drink after a nice few shakes by the owner akin to a well-mixed martini, the boba was not only at the desired level of QQ (QQ is the Taiwanese phrase equivalent of "al dente"), but was also infused with a touch of honey to balance the tartness of the grapefruit, the subtle bitterness of the green tea and rounded out nicely with the yogurt.
Contrast this to my experience at No 1 Boba where I ordered a mango slush with boba and I ended up with an under-sweetened concoction of unripe mango, flavorless boba accompanied by an undesirably warm dark ooze with each sip (presumably the congealed fluid that the boba had been sitting in), and there's really no contest whose boba reigns supreme in Henderson.
For those keeping score, QQ Boba is Germany and No 1 Boba is Brazil: game, set, match.

