Wow.
I am in awe of this place after 2 scoops of heavenly gelato.
This retro gelateria come truffle shop opened just last week at the foot of the Grassmarket meaning that as you step out of the door, you get a spectacular view of the Castle.
I hesitate to think how many cones will lose their crown as the soon to be deprived consumer stops to gawp at the view, tilts their hand a little too far and *smack* scoop hits the floor!
There was a selection of about 8 flavours when I was there this afternoon.
Apparently the flavours will be rotated and it would seem that Mary herself is regularly tweeting about what you might expect to find in her freezer of a day.
I had dairy free lemon and cardamom, remarkably creamy for dairy- (and apparently fat-!
) free and utterly delicious with both flavours subtle yet immediately apparent.
I also had a scoop of espresso icecream which again was creamily delicious and tasted of proper coffee.
Possibly the most realistic coffee icecream I've ever had - none of that 'coffee flavour' guff - this is defo the real thing!
From the blackboard in the shw I also saw that she serves affogate with Freeman's coffee...
I wonder if it's overkill to ask for an espresso over espresso icecream!?
The other flavours available the day I visited were vanilla, mint choc chip (receiving vocal high praise from other customers), vanilla, belgian chocolate and rice pudding.
She also  had banana and mago and banana and pineapple which were both dairy free - making 3 dairy free!
In a milk bar!
Genius.
Not only is it delicious, but great value too.
At the time of writing, Mary is charging £2 for the first scoop and 50p for each additional one thereafter.
I will be back again and again until i've tried them all.
More than once!
Very, very cool little place.
Literally!

A gloriously sunny Saturday + a heaving Grassmarket due to the Edinburgh Jazz and Blues festival = a very busy Mary's Milk Bar!
I'm a big fan of the West End's Affogato, so was keen to try the newest gelateria on the block, Mary's Milk Bar, having opened a mere ten days ago.
Given I was on the Grassmarket anyway for the Jazz & Blues festival, and hot and sweaty from swing dancing in the sun, ice cream seemed like just the tonic.
And it was.
When I arrived I joined a fairly short queue, but had to wait to see the ice cream flavours due to a family being served completely obscuring it.
Mary offered to take my order, but I explained I couldn't see what was on offer and waited a few more minutes before deciding.
I plumped for a medium cup (£3, 3 scoops) of strawberry and elderflower vinegar (from Victoria Street's Demijohn), salted caramel and espresso.
The strawberry was the standout, obviously made with real strawberries and so delicious, I sort of wish I'd just got 3 scoops of that instead!
The salted caramel was okay, but a little lacking in flavour in comparison to Affogato's, and the espresso was subtle but clearly made with real coffee.
Sadly, after recommending it to my dancing friends, they all piled in and the queue was so long that only almond was left!
Rest assured though that Mary was in the back making more, just not quick enough for the post-dancing rush.
Mary's Milk Bar is good, and will no doubt be deservedly busy over the summer.
Affogato is better (and has a better range of flavours), but the two are sufficiently far apart that they won't prove to be competition.
There's plenty space for more than one gelateria in Edinburgh.

Ice cream appears to be the new cupcakes.
Ice cream places are popping up all over Edinburgh - and Mary's Milk Bar is the newest that I know of.
It popped up on my radar after I saw several Yelpers checking in here during the sunny evenings and weekend days we've been having.
And then a review.
And then another.
So when the Jazz Festival was on in the Grassmarket last weekend, I popped in here myself to see what the frozen fuss was about.
It's a cute wee place, and feels very homely.
Small, with a few tables, and a small freezer counter, it still serves up around 8 different flavours that are quite unusual.
When I was in there was a dairy free orange and vinegar (apparently very good), and a few others I can't remember.
I opted for the pistachio to have as an affogato (served with a shot of espresso).
Now, my only disappointment was that my two friends each got a cone with two scoops.
The scoops were HUGE and it cost them £3.
My affogato was also £3 so I thought I'd get one scoop in a cup with an espresso shot.
Instead I got a smidgen of ice cream - a mere smear on the inside of a coffee cup.
Not a whole scoop.
Sad face.
I ended up eating some of my friends ice cream off their cone.
So, the affogato isn't the way to go.
Hell, buy a two scoop cone and then an espresso shot and you'll be happier.
As the two scoop cones are huge and delicious and just mmm.
I'm not sure if it was Mary serving us herself.
There was a lovely, slightly quiet but sweet girl and a peppy guy behind the counter.
Despite that it was roasting outside, and a steady stream of customers who were diminishing ice cream supplies very quickly, they didn't stop smiling and the queue went down quickly.
My only worry and wonder is what will happen to all these ice cream places when our 30 days of annual sunshine disappears?
I'd hope it becomes a cosy spot to sit and is warm inside, to enjoy some ice cream, when winter descends.
Because, as always, without fail every year, winter is coming...

What a great addition to the Grassmarket!
So, me and my fiancé decided to pretend we were in Italy and go for ice-cream after dinner.
Unfortunately our normal haunt wasn't open so we decided to try out this wee gem.The name implied to us it was going to be British style ice-cream, not really our cup of tea, but we were more than pleasantly surprised.
We were greeted by this lovely lady (who I guess might be Mary).
She suggested we try a wee bit first if we were having trouble deciding.
I think there were maybe 9 flavours on the go so we decided to try 2 each.
I had a wee taste of the raspberry before committing to it as it was a very bright shade of pink, not the natural colour of raspberry I'm used to seeing in gelaterias in Italy so I was worried it might be a bit plasticky.
However, it was delicious, equally as tasty as what you get over there.
I also had the chocolate orange which too was amazing.
My fiancé pistachio and lemon and cardamom, they were good too.
We had the small tubs and it came to £5 in total which was quite reasonable.
The only thing was that it was served in quite large tubs for the volume of ice-cream, making them appear half empty and that you weren't getting much ice-cream.
Mary's Milk Bar offers different types of ice-cream, such as dairy free and milk which is great for people with dietary requirements.
They also have a selection of homemade chocolates that I can't wait to try.
I will definitely be back here soon!

Yesyes, a thousand times yes, go here.
If you're an ice cream or gelato (or handmade chocolate!
) fan, you'll appreciate Mary's fine gelato.
With wonderful.
Flavors like chocolate orange, raspberry ripple, espresso, and mint chip, this shop was by far one of the favorites on our trip to Edinburgh.

Mary is amazing!
We love her and her gelatos!
A.H. Dance Company has been visiting her little shop every day since we arrived a few days before the Fringe.
The handmade gelatos are unique flavors (with some classic ones too!
) and they taste AMAZING!!!

Popped into this cute little shop after hearing about it on the Lovecrumbs facebook page.
From the outside the shop looks very cute, with malted milk print cushions and other fun bits and bobs.
We both had ice cream, and due to the tremendous choice of flavours we each had a double cone.
They had a great unusual range of flavours and you were able to have a wee taster before you decided.
In the end I went for strawberry with elderflower vinegar along with chocolate and lavender.
Both were very good.
I think the strawberry one was slightly better and tasted of amazing fresh strawberry goodness.
Chocolate and lavender, tasted more just like lavender to me, but was interesting.
The boy went for espresso and hazelnut, both were delicious.
I'd definitely go back to this little shop again.
In fact, I was almost tempted the very next day!

Five stars all the way!
This is a great wee place!
It just reminds me of the great gelato bars back in good old Roma.
With flavours of pear & anise, salted caramel, dark chocolate and much more to choose from, you'll be falling in love again and again   I will defo be returning to this indie again come rain, sleet or sun!

I have had many (and I mean MANY) more visits to Mary's lovely little milk bar since my first review and I'm feeling rather cruel for only having rated it four stars first time round.
I love this little shop.
I talked about how cute it was in my last review and it certainly has become a firm favourite of mine (and many of my friends).
Mary always has a fantastic range of flavours and if you follow her on Facebook you can get a sneaky peek at what's in store each day.
I should warn you, however, that this may result in many more visits to the milk bar than you had previously planned!
I have tried all sorts of flavours but favourites include: fig and honey, rice pudding, banana and peanut butter and good old traditional milk.
As well as ice creams Mary also does delicious hot chocolate and lovely little chocolatey goodies.
I would thoroughly recommend a visit.

Mary, can you please open up shop in London, pretty please?
I passed by Mary's when it was raining, super foggy and windy the other day but declined on trying anything bc I was too much of a wimp.
Big mistake!
I should've gone that time, so that I would've come back for the next 2 days of my Edinburgh trip.
It's that good!
I'm just sad that I tried this on my way out to the train station but happy I tried it anyway.
The flavours change daily, and there are some very interesting mixes.
Rhubarb strawberry rosemary, chocolate lavender, their house flavour of milk, and a few others.
I had fig, and banana passion fruit and lemongrass, which was incredibly delicious!!
The last one was my fav, fresh,  though fig was good too.
I seriously contemplated going back to get another scoop but then I really would have missed my train, considering I also got distracted by a daschund puppy as well.
Puppies and ice cream,  what better way to end off this trip!

I don't think I should have ever come here, because now I simply have to go back as many times as it takes to try every single beautiful, creative flavour.
On a grey Edinburgh afternoon we were greeted with a big smile, the offer of as many samples as we'd need to choose the best flavour and a chat about each of the interesting treats on showcase.
Mary clearly has lots of passion and that shines through in her lovely little shop!
I settled for a double scoop of pistachio and violet dark chocolate and it was deeeelicious.
No matter the weather, Mary's ice cream would most definitely add a bit of sunshine to your day.

Ok, so the first thing you need to know is that the light fittings in here are little ice creams.
I ain't kidding.
They're adorable.
I guess you probably also need to know about the ice cream.
Well.
It's stonkingly good.
It's rich and creamy and at £3 a pot it's everything you'd hope.
Price wise I would say that's decent for what you get.
I tried hot cross bun flavour - ZOWEEEE!
That was pure hot cross bunnity goodness.
You can pick two flavours for a standard pot, which I did, but alas I cannot recall what the second was.
It was very nice though.
I remember thinking "oh yes, this one is very nice too", but I was obviously preoccupied by the hot cross bun one.
Mary herself is a darling and makes everything in the shop herself.
She's very lovely and clearly in love with her work, happy to recommend flavour mixes to the hesitant or overwhelmed.
Glorious ice cream in a sweet and cute little parlour in the beautiful Grassmarket on a sunny day - what more could one wish?
Thank you, Megan M, for this long-needed introduction!

Nom, nom NOM.
This place made my lunch break, and it's far too dangerous working anywhere near this place.
Beautifully styled all retro, and run by a friendly lady with great specs.
The selection is what makes this place - flavours that are a little off kilter, not your obvious choices, and all made in house.
I love that they have dairy free options every day too!
I had to limit myself to just one scoop, because I am a fattie and would have otherwise demolished about 15 scoops in rapid succession.
Chose fig and honey - oh my god.
THIS Grown up flavour was consumed with child like joy, and probably equally child like cleanliness.
Gelato was rich and creamy, with pops of sweet fig and swirls of oozy honey.
MORE PLEASE.
That makes 2 edinburgh gelato stores with quality goodies.
No complaints here.

