I needed x-rays done and they don't take appts for that (if they did 5 stars), but even during the bust lunch time rush I was in and out in about 1/2 hour.
The staff was very willing to help when I needed copies of my films also.

Had to get an Ultrasound and I work on this side of town.
So I took a couple hours off to get it done, then head back to work.
They were organized and friendly.
My radiologist was very nice and seemed to do her job well.
The facility was very clean, in a nice area.
I would recommend this location and go back to this location if the need arises.

This place is HORRIBLE, not only did they charge me $109 cash price up front, which i expected, but I later got a bill from them saying my insurance had declined their request and I owed them another $220, So I called my insurance (like i always do if something seems off), and I WAS right, it was never declined!!!!!!!
and I only owed $11!!!!!!!
NOT to mention when I went back to my Dr for my results of all the tests I had done (which was 3 months after the ultrasound) THEY NEVER SENT MY TEST RESULTS TO MY DOCTOR!
!, so my Dr calls them while I am at the Dr office, and they says "we will fax it right over" after waiting an hour, I left and my Dr said when it comes in they will just call me, of course that was the day before thanksgiving so I called early the next week THEY STILL DIDN'T FAX IT!
lazy worthless people!!!!
I cannot tell you how unprofessional this place is!
please please, go somewhere else!!!
save yourself the hassle.

Surprisingly on time and efficient.
My mom is here for x-rays and other tests and her primary doctor failed to fill out their end of the paperwork they gave me to bring.
Desert Radiologist were nice enough to call and get the paperwork so mom wouldn't have to make 2 trips here.
I really appreciate it since mom is in a wheel chair and it's not easy to be out and about.

Had a positive experience here for a CT scan.
But what was most impressive was that, even with a crowded and noisy waiting room, I was taken into the testing facility within 10 minutes of my check-in (a couple minutes before my scheduled appointment), and they even apologized for the 10-minute wait.
I have no idea what they do to make it possible, but obviously they are adamant about seeing patients on time, and for a large medical facility these days, that's practically unheard of.
I haven't had a lot of radiology in my day (thankfully), so I'm limited on what I can compare it to, but clearly their attitude toward customer service is one-in-a-million, and for that I can't overstate what a welcome surprise it was.

