Being a young female, finding a car shop that is going to treat you with respect is difficult.
Your Auto Service is not that place, so my first suggestion is that if you are female and considering taking your car here, be sure to bring a man with you.
I brought in a coupon for my 100k maintenance that said they'd do it for $129, but when I got there they would not honor it, the lowest price they would give me is $200.
The reason being because I drive a Nissan it's way more expensive.
The moment my boyfriend got there (he was my ride) the price dropped from $200 to $180, still not the advertised price but it was better.
If my boyfriend hadn't recommended the place, I would have left after how they blatantly changed their tone, price, and respect once they were dealing with a male, regular customer.
The only reason they get to keep 3 stars instead of getting a 1 star review is that they did end up doing a decent job on the maintenance.
They knew I did not trust them from the start, and they were quite jerkish about that when i went to pick it up; they opened my hood and literally showed me every single thing they did as if to say "see little girl, we did a lot".
Didn't love how they handled it but my car does run smoother afterwards.
To their defense, I had been told that I needed 2 or 3 more expensive things done by Firestone the last oil change I had, but Your Auto Service checked those things out and told me that it isn't necessary for at least another 10,000 miles.
So I appreciated that, but I do not feel I would have that honesty from them if we didn't start out so rocky with me clearly not being thrilled about their approach.
Last thing I found very important and extremely frustrating was that they do not seem to answer their phone very often, if ever.
I dropped my car off at 1 and was told to pick it up at 5.
Tried calling at 3 to see if everything was going ok and if they found anything else that needed to be done...no answer.
Tried 3:30, no answer, 4, no answer, and 4:30, no answer.
When I tried to leave a message, the voicemail box was full so I couldn't leave a message and this was also a sign that they never check voicemail or return calls.
Not sure I'll be back, but their low prices are hard to beat and in the end the car is better than before.
I suppose that's most important?

I have taken both of my old cars here and so far been satisfied.
I like the large windows to the work area,  so you can see that they are really doing the work.
The prices have been a little lower, than elsewhere, when I compared.
I have a little problem with the idle on my 10 year old vehicle and I don't agree with them that it is because it needs new motor mounts.
It's the IDLE.
It's computerized.
I guess I might have to visit the Dealer for that ?
That's my only  complaint.
I  will go back, however.
And they do give regular customers a price break.

I went in earlier today, Saturday, at about 3:50PM.
Their website lists their hours for Saturdays as 8AM to 5PM, as does the sign on their door.
When I walk in, I ask for an oil change and they tell me that they're closed.
I said, the website and door sign say you close at 5PM today.
He said, no we close at 4 on Saturdays.
Oh well then, I'll take my business elsewhere.
Don't even bother with these people.

Contrary to what people say about this auto shop and there bias comments .I really like there works ethics and the boss is a real stand up guy.
they really did a good job on my friends Mercedes and they and saved my friends $1,500 just on parts thanks again for the great service

