Best archery shop in Vegas.
New facilities with great shooting lanes.
No cramped spaces here!
Staff are very knowledgeable and helpful.
Great place to gear up for your hunt, field/3D round or just hone your shooting skills.

gotta hand it to charlie, the facility is amazing and its constantly improving day by day, hes extremely helpful and knowledgable of any field youre looking to take up the place is pretty young still, the archery range has to be the best in ALL of las vegas HANDS DOWN!, I cant wait to see what will be added to the shop in one month, this will be my goto archery shop from now on

I decided to get back into Archery after a long hiatus since childhood.
I googled what archery ranges there were here in Las Vegas and came across Impact Archery.
I brought a friend with me to go check out the facility and give it a try.
Impact Archery is pretty brand spanking new and pretty conveniently located by the freeways for easy access.
The space is immaculate and spacious.
I can really concentrate on my form and technique without feeling cramped or claustrophobic even if it gets super busy.
The equipment is all new and in excellent working order.
Very affordable lane and equipment rental.
Since my friend and I both hadn't done archery in a long while we definitely needed to get back into the groove of it.
The staff was super friendly and very welcoming.
Giving us pointers and some lessons.
We spent a couple of hours there and really enjoyed ourselves.
We have gotten a monthly membership and have been going ever since.
I just recently ordered my bow through Impact Archery and the owner Charlie has been very helpful and educating about picking out the equipment suited to my needs.
His prices are great too compared to other places.
It's really great that they offer a year membership to the range with purchase of a bow (of a certain value.
) Also maintenance for the lifetime of the bow.
They also operate a custom bow string company (Sin City Strings) within the facility with really great choices.
I got to customize a string for my recent bow purchase.
I've been bringing many friends who are new to archery to come check the place out and they have all loved it so far.
The staff has always welcomed them and gave them beginner lessons to get them started.
It's a really fun and stress-relieving place to be.
It's nice to come alone or with friends and just have a great time.
Overall, it's a really comfortable and friendly atmosphere.
I've had nothing but great experiences there.
The prices are amazing and pretty hard to beat.
The staff is super knowledgeable and encouraging.
Clean facility and open space.
Worth checking out alone or with others.

I have know the owner Charlie for a few years and he is a great guy and a amazing archer.
So you can imagine how thrilled I was when I heard he was opening up a archery shop here in Las Vegas.
I came to the grand opening and it did not disappoint.
The facility was brand new, clean, spacious and well organized.
There were over 30 people and I never once felt claustrophobic.
The staff was so helpful and knowledgable.
A few months later my father came into town and wanted to do something new.
I suggested he try archery and he loved it.
As soon as we left he was trying to figure out when he would be back in town so he could do it again.
Thanks again to Charlie and staff.
I will definitely be back

I went to this place after hearing about it from a friend.
I like this place alot.
Its very spacious and its close to my work(to let off some steam)The staff is very friendly and knowledgable.
The lanes are great and its not cramped.
I'll be returning to this place frequently.

I am happy to say that the Yelp review for Impact Archery - Las Vegas are spot on accurate.
We were in Vegas for NYE festivities and I decided to try Impact Archery based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.
Impact Archery is a small family run business.
The shop itself is clean, well-lit, and well organized.
The range is spacious with targets on a far wall and movable targets available.
Charlie (owner), his Dad, and Chelsea (Charlie's wife) are all very knowledgeable and happy to share information.
They have both recurve and compound bows available with range time.
Prices are very reasonable.
They were very helpful with a first time shooter with clear, accurate, and safe instruction on the range.
Other more experienced shooter on the range were also happy to show off their bows and share their knowledge.
Purchasing a bow was a wonderful experience.
Charlie took his time to get my compound bow setup and sighted in correctly.
He provided one-on-one instruction to increase proficiency with my bow.
Highly recommend Impact Archery - Las Vegas

Very rude staff.
I brought my visitors to try it for the first time.
The older man was very rude.
He treated us like criminals.
Ruin the experience for all of us.
Will tell all my friends so they dont ever come here.
We have better options here.
Not even yelp deal is worth your time and the location is in the middle nowhere.

I came here after my experience at another archery establishment that was less than positive.
I made a right choice coming here.
The store is neat and clean.
Their products for sale are organized in a clutter free manner.
The employees are enthusiastic to help out.
I had a private hour long lesson with Frank and I would say he was very patient, knowledgeable, and friendly.
He was upbeat and gave me tips for a more enjoyable experience.
I will definitely return to Impact for a few more private lessons before I decide on taking the next step of purchasing a bow and arrow for a hobby.

First experience at Impact Archery...awesome.
Great staff, clean, safe.
I highly recommend it old or young.
While I was there several older first timers came in and then many young folks.
Everyone is friendly and helpful.

Great Facility and Instructors!
We had a group of 12 and they were patient with us and would recommend this place every time!

My wife and I took our two bows (American longbow, takedown recurve) that hadn't been shot in a few years to Impact Archery.
I wanted them to look at the string and limbs to see if there were any problems.
The location is a quality site.
Open front area; counter/cashier by the windows, service shop to the side, commercial displays center.
The range is behind the commercial displays, behind safety glass.
We didn't take a tour, which we should have, but from what we could see, the range went out to at least 50 yards.
The staff were polite, helpful, and professional.
Charlie inspected both of our bows and didn't find anything wrong (a relief for me).
He gave recommendations on keeping them in good working order (turtle wax for the bows, bowstring wax for the strings).
He even waxed both strings.
The recurve needed a new arrow rest, which he was able to install easily.
For all that service, we only had to pay for the arrow rest ($3.99)!
My wife and I have a coupon for archery lessons for two at Impact Archery.
We both like the people and location.
We are looking forward to our archery lessons.

My friends and I had a great experience.
The customer service was great, they let us stay longer than the time we paid for.
I bought a livingsocial deal so the price was good for us.
$13 for one person for two hours.
They attract customers that are nice, helpful, and willing to give advice.
There was a man that's a regular I would assume and he was giving us tips on how to hold a bow, let it go right, how to aim, and etc.
The place was pretty organized.
It was hard to hear our training or little introduction but after that, everything was great!
There was parking and it wasn't too busy.
I would say a great place to take family members and friends.
2 of us were actually visiting from San Diego so it was great and fun to do archery for the first time in Vegas.

