I know they just opened but the food is disgusting.
The service is super slow and the staff is extremely rude.
I would NEVER spend another dollar or step foot in that place.
It sucks because they are right next to the building I work at.
STAY AWAY!
Its not worth your money or time.
Food is crazy over priced and its not even worth it.
If I could have given a negative star I would have.
Good luck Americas Taco Shop.

I know this is their opening week and all but wow this was very, very disappointing.
Went with my family and got food to go.
Really expensive for the amount of food we got (about $40 bucks for 3 little burritos and a quesadilla).
I had the carne asada burrito and it was overfilled with pico, zero meat.
The tortilla was cold and the chips on the side were very stale.
Not making a good impression for their opening week.
Like I said, I understand it's their opening week, but you have to be more prepared.
Cashier also was clueless when questions were asked.
Perhaps they rushed to open the store because based on the staff and quality of food, it doesn't seem like their ready.

This was my first experience at an America's Taco Shop and it was just okay.
The service was very good from start to finish but the food we ordered was nothing I would go out of my way to go back for.
I ordered a chorizo and egg burrito which was really just okay.
My fiancé had a bean and cheese burrito with a chicken taco and again it was just okay.
He said that the chicken taco was probably the best thing out of everything.
We also ordered chips and salsa which were very disappointing.
We ordered the spicy salsa which was not at all spicy and very salty.
The chips were not warm and tasted very generic.
I could have definitely had better chips and salsa at home any day, would not ever order these here again.
The habanero hot sauces were the only thing that saved the salsa in this case.
The chorizo in my burrito had an okay flavor but I mostly found myself eating around it and eating the bean and cheese half of the burrito.
Apparently America's Taco Shop is known for their carne asada which we were told later but I did not get the memo.
I might come back to try the carne asada but I would rather go to Espo's or even Rubio's over ATS.
I am just not feeling this chain.
It may be great for others but this isn't my spot.
I would rather take my $17 for two combo meals and drinks elsewhere.
Return factor 30%

My daughter and I visited today for the first time.
The staff was very courteous, and I believe it was the manager or franchise owner that greeted us.
He described the menu for us, and welcomed us to the restaurant,was clean and bright.
That said, I had one of the Carne Asada tacos, and one of the Al Pastor tacos.
Both were kind of average and uninspiring.
Here is the quick list of likes and dislikes about the food.
The guacamole was the processed kind, not the handmade kind, this caused it to have a processed flavor which was kind of flat and off.
The tortillas were kind of weak, and partially fell apart during the meal.
The Carne Asada was overcooked.
The Al Pastor was pretty good.
Being a franchise, I don't know if they can change things like which tortillas or guacamole they use, but it would definitely make things better.
I doubt that I will return.

Big fan of the Carne Asada Burrito.
Staff was great and helpful and lots of smiles!
Chips and salsa are good too.
Will be regular part of our work lunch rotation.

NOT impressed.
My order took forever because they basically lost it.
Won't go into the details, but it was poorly handled on several levels.
Not a good start.
They just opened, so I'd give them a pass, if the food had made up for it.
But, sadly, it fell short.
My 2 carne asada tacos?
Meh.
Poor value - very small tacos, generic store-like tiny tortillas, very thin, that probably should have been doubled up.
Small-to-moderate quantity of meat, which wasn't so lean and seemed of lower quality.
Nice seasoning helped, but meat was still lacking.
Lousy value - the tacos were something like $2.79 each, vs $1.29 for street tacos at Los Taquitos, which are FAR superior.
This was more of a snack than a meal.
Not bad, but not all that good, especially for the price.
Probably won't be back, too many better options in the area.

My husband and I were frequent customers of the University location, and are so happy to have one closer to us!
I stopped in last Thursday and had the salad with the al pastor meat...and it is my new fave!
The pork was crispy and well seasoned.
I would never have thought to order this, but the owner suggested it since I wanted to try something different.
I am also a fan of the tacos, but prefer the burritos...I like the flour tortillas better...and just found out that I can get the tacos on flour too.
My husband loves the carne asada!
Great food, friendly service, would definitely recommend!

Went back today with the whole family....I have to suggest the al pastor vampiro!
It's like a tostada, but so much better!
The corn tortilla isn't fried, but it is crisp, light and not greasy.
A great option for those who like crunch.
My dad had the carne asada torta and was really happy.
He's not a big fan of tortillas, so the sandwich was the perfect choice for him.
He thought this was a great place because there are so many different options.
Definitely go for the carne asada or al pastor on anything!

Value = horrible.
The price for the tiny tacos is really a joke.
Sorry to have to say this, but unless they cut their prices in half, I won't be back.

Nothing special and overprice due to this fact.
Either prices need to be cut or quality needs to go up a notch.
Disappointed overall...
I probably would not come back unless things changed.
People were nice though

I've been thinking to try this place for ever.
I finally did and I'm sad to report that per my taco standards it's barely OK.
I got 2 al pastor and 2 carne asada tacos.
I also ordered the "cuatro" (chips, salsa, guacamole and beans).
Besides the $21 that this cost me, the food was absolutely uneventful.
The tortillas were cold, the beans were lacking flavor, the salsa was meh and the guacamole was average.
The al pastor tacos were kind of sweet and if you've read my comments before, you know that I can't stand the heartbreaking moment when you expect something (because they name their dish the same of something you're craving) and you get something totally different or at least far enough from the real thing.
The carne asada tacos were OK but they had this indescribable green topping that was totally unexpected (in a bad way).
I don't know what it was but i believe there was some onion and celery involved.
Not authentic at all, at least nothing I've ever seen in Mexico.
Veredict:  If you pass by, it's OK for a quick bite with low expectations, otherwise, I wouldn't crave it.
Cheers.

Heard about this place through co-workers who couldn't stop talking about this place.
Decided to give it a try for lunch one day.
The service took a lot longer than expected, but I figured since it was the first week, they were still ironing out the kinks.
The food was all right.
I had a carne aside burrito and some chips.
The burrito was small, compared to what you normally get and tasted all right.
I liked the grilled veggies inside.
The chips tasted stale and the salsa tasted like canned salsa.
For the cost, which was pretty expensive for a burrito and chips, I could have made a better meal at home.
I will mostly give it one more shot, just to see if it's any better.
But having a Mexican food restaurant is Arizona; you need to be on point, because there are hundreds of places just like you around the corner!

I'm so happy that one of these restaurants have opened up closer to my house.
Mexican food is my favorite and this place always hits the spot.
The quality of the food is great if not a tad pricey, but only in comparison to some other Mexican places I've eaten at.
But you're paying for what you get.
First things first, the beans at America's taco shop are better than anywhere else and to make things even better, you should get them Terry's way (with onions and tapatillo).
You can also order the bean burritos like this.
Unbelievable stuff.
Second, their Cochata (horchata and coffee) is perfect in the mornings.
Third, try their Al Pastor, but for those of you who are not into the sweetness of pineapple mixed with the deliciousness of their pork... their Carne Asada definitely does the trick.
Last, You've got to try the America's Corn.
The best elote that you can find here in the Valley.
If you want better elote, go to the Elote Cafe in Sedona.
It's a new restaurant though, and they're working some kinks out but even with the startup, I'd rather go here than any other Mexican quick fix in the area.
Worst part: The chips can get stale.
Hope they work that one out somehow.

I went out to lunch here with some friends today.
I have to agree with some of the previous ratings and say that this place has zero value.
I got the Combo #1 (one of each of the three kinds of tacos).
My big complaint is what you get for what you pay.
The combo was like 8 bucks, which I guess was fine until the guy asked me if I wanted a cup for water.
I was like, "Seriously, it doesn't come with a drink??".
So that was the first thing.
After a while, the tacos come out and they're tiny!
Not a ton of meat and not very flavorful, even with the huge amount of so-so guac they heap on there.
Honestly people, you can do better than this for lunch.
Avoid.

I have been a fan of the Phoenix locations so I too was glad to see this open close to home.
The freshness and quality of the meat is what has me coming back for more.
I'm sure it's pricier than some of the other fast food Mexican places you see on many corners around the valley, but the chicken, al pastor and carne asada here are far superior in taste and quality.
The al pastor is my favorite because of the richness and tenderness of flavors.
The beans are creamy and delicious and my chips have always been fresh and crispy.
The guacamole with the chip trio is storemade and delicious.
The staff is trying hard to get this newest Taco Shop off the ground.
They were friendly and accommodating.
When I want fast, fresh tacos, burritos or quesadillas I will be stopping by.
I intend to be a frequent customer !

I'm torn on 4 stars but the employees are so nice so I'm gonna give them 4.
I had a carne asada ques.
It was great.
My problem is it comes with green stuff which I hate.
And like others have said  it was extremely tiny.
Like mini appetizer.
So yeah this is the most expensive fast food I ever had.
Two mini things and a drink is gonna run about $15.
They gave me a taste of the pastor.
Its not my thing but I'm sure some will love it.
Quality food here.
Fresh and clean.
You get what you pay for.
I just wish the menu was more clear on the sizes.
Just know it's going to be expensive if you are hungry.
My quesadilla was the size of a street taco to give you an idea.

I ordered a chicken taco today.
Chicken is the only meat I eat so I cannot vouch for the other options.
What can I say?
It was your basic taco.
Corn tortilla, I couldn't pick up any particular flavor from the chicken.
I guess I was expecting more of a smoky or maybe lime marinade.
Although not a big hit with the flavor, it was moist.
The taco also has guacamole, cilantro, and Caramelized onion.
Personally I enjoy the stronger flavor of raw onion.
The menu lists lettuce should be on the taco, but that must have been missed on my order.
Nothing was great, but nothing was bad either.
I was pleased to see fresh brewed iced tea, regular or tropical.

Tried several different things and really liked it all!
I thought the flavors were really great and overall was impressed and will definitely go back!
The vampiros were tasty and the bean and cheese burrito was delish as well!
I thought the customer service was fantastic too.
Overall, I would recommend it to others and will be going back.
I knock down one star just for the slightly pricey menu items and the taco kind of fell apart as I was eating it.

This location is one of the new franchised America's; not to be confused with the original, owner-run locations that have been in Phoenix for years.
Basically you can choose among three proteins: chicken, carne asada, and al pastor (pork) in three different forms: tacos, tortas, and vampiros.
I ordered the three taco platter but as we were waiting for our food, we were informed that the al pastor wouldn't be ready to go for about 30 minutes so I doubled up on the carne asada instead.
What you get is your basic street taco on a very light corn tortilla.
The interesting thing is that everything inside is chopped almost to the point of being unrecognizable.
The meat is diced into tiny bits.
Oddly so is the lettuce.
I wasn't really sure at first is it was lettuce or finely chopped onion.
Stranger still is the lack of a homemade salsa bar.
They have bottles of the jalapeno and haberno sauces you can get in any grocery.
Fortunately it was "Happy Hour" (4-7pm) so the tacos were only $2 each (regular price is $7.19 for 3).
All in all, a decent taco, but really pricey.
La Taquitos at 48St & Elliott, does a better street taco for $1.25 everyday.
That said, we really did get our money's worth as, during the grand opening, we were treated to chips and salsa, a couple of haberno/mango margarita samples, and as we were finishing up, I guess the al pastor got up to temp because they brought us a couple of the tacos we originally ordered.
I hope the service stays at this high level even when the corporate franchising people are gone.
That said, I be more than OK if they lost the "singer" out on the patio.

Well where do I start??
I am a huge fan of pretty much any good Mexican food, but this place was a huge let down.
I went with my fiancé she ordered the street tacos and I decided to try the burrito because I was a little hungry, we also decide to order some chips and guacamole.
The portions were small and overall very over priced.
Here is a breakdown on the food.
Guacamole and chips- the chips were stale and the guacamole was not that good.
Not to mention the portions were small.
Burrito-very small but had ok flavor   Street Tacos- very small with a very limited about of meat on each of them not to mention that the meat was cold and lacked real goof flavor.
Only one taco was good I don't remember which one other then it had pink meat.
Don't plan on going back.

Trip three thry burned the carne asada tacos.
Andbthey triedbto tell me they make it charred.
I know I like it charred.
but who likes burned food.
now I expect to get it rare

I drive by all the time and finally stopped to see what it was all about.
I was not disappointed!
This is the best mid level Mexican food that I have had in a long time.
I got the grilled chicken burrito chips and hot salsa all of which were very flavorful, but not over the top.
Oh yeah, the tortillas are really good too!

I love America's Taco Shop and used to go to the one on university, until this location opened up.
The staff is super friendly and the restaurant is always clean.
I always get the bean and cheese burrito and chips and salsa trio!
Both are delicious and always hit the spot.
I definitely recommend this place and go here often with my friends.
So good!

This is one of our most favorite place for my husband and I to meet for a lunch date!!
It's a convenient location for both of us.
But that isn't the only reason we like this place.
The street Tacos are awesome - particularly the Al Pastor.
The chips and salsa have always been refillable (so even if the portion size is small as another post said before, you can always get more!!).
We particularly like their hot salsa - such great flavor!!
What really sold us on this place... the customer service!!
Always above average - consistently asked if we need anything, how out experience had been and everyone in there has a GREAT attitude!!
We often brig our 18 month old son and never feel bad for the mess he throws on the floor.
Every time we have started to clean up after him they stop is and finish the job, with a smile on their face!!
We will continue to tell all our friends and family about this place!

A three star review is perfect for this place.
Very small portions for not a small price.
I keep coming back due to the lack of great mexican food options in the area.
I do also like the customer service here, without it I would never come back.
The three taco combo is my recommendation, but you better get something else to avoid starving and punching a co worker in a ravenous rage.

I flip back and fourth between the carne asada burrito and the bean & cheese.
XL if I'm at "fighting" weight.
I must admit, their beans are ethereal.
My fiancé would marry them over me, if not already locked down by America's.
To boot, their low-priced and large-portioned chips & salsa ($2 - Med spice) is the kind that I can't stop eating.
I have yet to try the tortas, and was not as swooned by the tacos, but the burritos are as 5-star as the day is long.

Pretty disappointing....
Since I saw good reviews and a friend was raving about a new taco shop and I was psyched since it was close to home.
We ordered 2 tacos each and 2 cheese quesidillas, and 2 small sodas...seems like a lot of food, especially since it was $26bucks.
WRONG!
They are nothing more then small mexican street tacos, not much flavor in carne asada, nor do they give you enough meat however they are generous with shredded lettuce, isn't that great.
..oh and a knife spread of guacamole.
Eh!
They have coke which is always a thumbs up....The manager was attempting to fix the soda machine which took15 min to figure out why the machine wasnt calibrating correctly....kinda sucked eating mexican food with nothing to wash it down with til after I was done eating...I get it, it happens but how about offer water maybe.
In conclusion,  if this place was priced according to the size of their food it would probably give them another star but I really wasnt impressed  with the lack of flavor or experience so chances are we won't go back..better off saving your money and hit up a cart on AZ Ave for some authentic mexican street tacos

Not sure where to even start with this place.
Same mall as Yogi's and Culver's on the south side of Ray just west of the 101.
Been meaning to try them and finally did.
I got here after the lunch rush - about 1:30 or so and the staff here seemed to be completely OVERWHELMED.
Not sure why because there weren't a whole lot of people.
I wanted something "Al Patron" but was informed that it wasn't ready yet so please order either chicken or carne asada.
Ok... so I ordered a carne asada burrito and elote - or as they call it here: America's Corn.
So I first went to the salsa bar and wait - there WAS no salsa bar!
Ok. Weird.
Whatever.
Sat down and chilled while waiting for my order.
Other customers also put in their orders and also sat down to wait.
And Wait.
And wait.
And wait.
And Wait.
And wait.
And wait.
Holy Chicken Molé batman!
I ordered a simple burrito not a freaking Thanksgiving turkey that still needed thawing!
FFS!
So I watched various staff members run around delivering people's orders in frantic movements like I was watching some cross between a food-based reality show and one of those crazy Japanese game shows where people run around trying to perform tasks without slamming into each other.
A Chinese fire drill basically.
At least it helped pass the time since I didn't feel like playing that stupid game on my mobile device where you play angry muslim terrorist suicide bombers disguised as birdheads crashing into buildings and recreating 911 for every different level with the goal of killing every Yankee capitalist pig with the wreckage of an imploding building.
Ok. Maybe that really isn't what the game is about but I was getting ravenous and started hallucinating like crazy.
Then the burrito finally came!
Oh joy!
I noticed it was long but not very thick (that's what she said [rimshot], [cymbal crash]) - so there was really more tortilla than anything else.
The meat tasted like it was marinated.
Yup.
But that's about it.
Then I ate the corn.
Squirted some lime over the cotija and took a few bites.
Sorta bland.
A bit of salt might have helped.
There was some spicy sauce but that's not what I usually have over elote.
Meh.
At any rate I felt the food wasn't worth the price AND the long wait even though I was quite hungry.
I was, in a word, UNDERWHELMED.
Probably equal to the amount the staff seemed to be OVERWHELMED.
So that's my take on America's Tacos.
Checked off my "try this place" list but didn't make it to column B - the "hey I need to come back to this place again for sure!
" list.
But you don't have to take my word for it, Reading Rainbow fans!
Check it out for yourselves.
Your mileage may vary...

Love this place!!
I am never disappointed!
Check out the patio if you get a chance :)

I visit America's Taco shop WAY too often!
The food is delicious and the service is always great!
Since discovering America's i have totally abandoned all my other previously favorite mexican food places.

The food is fresh and the service is always engaging, even if seemingly a bit slower than would be expected.
I've been the only one in the place a couple of times and each time I was mildly surprised at how long it took for my food to be ready.
But, if that's the price to pay for good, relatively inexpensive food then so be it-it hasn't stopped me from coming back.

Love the place.
The service is fantastic and fast.
There is truth in the other reviews about peon size being small for the amount paid, but the food is delicious

The 4 star rating is for the food, because it is delicious!
However I would give 2 and a half stars for the price because I cannot leave without spending $15 every time.
( the food is worth it I suppose) and I alternate between 2 and 4 stars for the service.
Because depending on the time of day and who is working you will receive wonderful service or terrible service.
I think the staff in the evenings needs to be evaluated, however as a whole it is great food.
And the environment is clean.

I love this place.
The carne is perfectly seasoned and the portion sizes are just right.
I have worked across the street from this place for a few months and each time I eat here I am never disappointed.
It is definitely worth the try.

Just like the name says, it has an American twist on Mexican.
I love it because it taste amazing and is good Mexican but not the kind I gotta run the bathroom immediately haha.
Chips and salsa are a must add them to your order.
El pastore burrito was ugh ok but carnaisada burrito was yum!

I love their online order feature.. Comes in handy especially when I only have a 30 minute lunch and I'm across the street.. Great customer service and great tasting food

I know this place is still pretty new,  but I was really amazed by how clean and bright the decor was.
The staff was very friendly and cheerful,  and helped me navigate the menu with ease.
The Carne Asada burrito I had was also top notch,  as was the Carne Asada Vampiro my wife ordered.
However, the salsa served on the side was kind of bland,  and the portions on everything were small for the money.
Overall,  I really liked this place,  and it's definitely someplace I'll recomend to friends and family

Tacos have complexity but still attempt to stay true to authenticity.
Not your usual, American-huge portions...which is a good thing in my book.
Staff very friendly.
Check for coupons.

Had one of the daughters and a couple of her friends in town so at my wife's suggestion, we headed back to America's for happy hour.
As I've said before, the best part of happy hour is that the tacos ($2) are only 50% more than they should be instead of the usual double.
A decent street taco should be $1.25, $1.50 tops.
Once again, although the place was almost completely empty, it took about 25 minutes to get 2 tacos al pastor and a taco carne asada; once again the meat inside is chopped so fine as to be unrecognizable and consists entirely of charred exterior with no meaty interior.
My daughter, a lover of both sangria and margaritas, ordered a "sangrita".
Obviously not a popular drink as the staff had to look up how to make it and the result was awful.
To top off the experience, they have now have moved the happy hour singer indoors for summer and somehow found one ever more warbling and horrible than the previous one.
Simply put, we are done.
No more.
Los Taquitos is too close to put up with this crap.

Based on a recommendation from a friend, I opted to try America's Taco Shop for a solo dinner one night.
I was craving a breakfast burrito, and I was intrigued by their Ranchero burrito.
First: the restaurant was surprisingly spacious and extremely clean.
I especially liked that there was ample outdoor seating; it's always a shame to find a restaurant that doesn't have outdoor seating to take advantage of Arizona's fabulous weather 9 months out of the year.
Ordering was simple.
It was $1.99 to add a drink, chips, and salsa to my burrito, which seemed reasonable.
I got my drink cup immediately and my chips brought directly to my table (more on those in a moment).
This restaurant has a fancy Coke machine that has eight gabillion options.
I opted for the iced tea, which was delicious.
There is a large TV in the indoor dining room that was tuned to a basketball game.
The game was a little loud, but I did sit right underneath it.
It wasn't loud enough to be obnoxious, and if I sat in a different part of the restaurant the volume would have been fine.
Now:  the food.
The chips and salsa were extremely disappointing.
The chips were cold and unbelievably stale - like they had been made the day before and sat out on the counter overnight.
The salsa was bland with no heat.
I had to add a lot of hot sauce to the salsa to make it even remotely edible.
I wish I had just ordered the drink.
The Ranchero burrito was delicious.
The eggs were perfectly cooked, there was a lot of cheese, and the potatoes added the right amount of starch and structure.
The tortilla was warm, delicious, and obviously fresh.
I could have eaten one of the tortillas by itself.
The burrito was also stuffed with red and jalapeño peppers.
The first bites weren't particularly hot, but the heat grew as I continued to eat my burrito.
Between the peppers and the obscene amounts of hot sauce I poured over each bite, the burrito almost got too hot for me to eat - which was perfect.
I LOVE spicy foods, and this hit the spot.
(If you don't like spicy foods, you should ask for your burrito without the jalapeños - it would have been delicious that way, too).
My burrito also came with salsa, and the girl at the counter gave me a choice between spicy and regular.
Because of my love for heat, I opted for the spicy salsa.
Like the salsa that came with my chips, it was incredibly bland.
This had a bit more heat, but absolutely no flavor.
I tried it on two bites of my burrito and one bite of chips before abandoning it entirely and using just hot sauce.
Thank goodness this restaurant had hot sauce!
For reference, there are two sizes for most of the burritos ATC offers: small and large.
I opted for the small, which was more than enough food for me.
It was smaller than your average Chipotle burrito, but still unbelievably filling.
While my burrito was spot-on and satisfied my craving, I can only give this restaurant three stars.
In reality, I would give it 3.5 if I could.
The prices for their burritos are reasonable, the food is delicious, the restaurant is clean, and service was fast.
However, I cannot overlook stale chips and bland salsa at a Mexican restaurant.
It's like a bakery that has terrible buttercream icing on their cupcakes - inexcusable.
I will happily go back for their breakfast burritos, but I'll steer clear of their salsa selections.

I have been to two Americas taco shops and both were good but this location was a little better.
They also have the yelp check I.
For free chips which is awesome.
I love the chips they remind me if the chips from Taco del Mar.
The bean burrito is good.
The tacos seem to vary depending on how long the meat is cooked.
Defiantly a place to check out if you like Mexican food in the style of chipotle or taco del mar.

I'm writing this review from their premises.
On our arrival the restaurant was empty.
We ordered drinks and food at the same time.
Unfortunately they arrived as we ordered them - at the same time, actually food arrived before drinks.
Our cashier was our server - understaffed..??
Food is decent, but service at this location is really really poor!!
Not geared towards keeping customers - no wonder this place is always empty at dinner time.
We feel rushed to leave with impersonable and inattentive service.
They always miss to deliver our roasted jalapeños although we get charged for them.
My margarita came after our food - please, is this a friendly neighborhood Mexican restaurant or a Mcdonald's  type of corporate BS..?
It's the height of the Soccer World Cup and the tv inside is blaring a baseball game..??
That shows to me the complete detachment of owners to their franchisees.
It's an American money making machine, not the family owned Mexican restaurant it was portrayed to be in their advertisements.
This place will be going down!

This taco shop is clean and the food is GREAT.
We like to come on Fridays since they have live music and the singer is fantastic.
The happy hours specials are my favorite part of the restaurant, as well as the cleanliness.
Service can sometimes be slow and a little understaffed.
But the atmosphere and food makes it worth it.

After searching for a parking spot for 10 minutes, we arrived to order carne asada tacos that were priced at $2.49 a piece.
When they arrived at our table, the tacos were incomprehensibly small, heavily over-salted, extremely dried out, and simply unsatisfying.
The other person who I went with ordered the carne asada quesadilla and shared the same sentiment.
Bottom line: if you want to overpay for sub-par, pseudo Mexican food and only get a fraction of a serving, visit this taco shop.
If not, find another place that will give you higher quality for your dollar.

This place has the best burritos and tacos around!
Everything is made fresh and you can taste it.
Staff is on top of it here.
It is great to have this in Chandler!

America's Taco Shop is one of my favorite places to eat and definitely my favorite fast Mexican food place.
I particularity love the tacos and burritos (Al Pastor is yummy).
The guacamole is very good and the salsas are second to none.
The Staff is courteous and friendly and the service is wonderful.
I need to stop in for the breakfast menu as I have no doubt that is as wonderful as the regular menu.

Seriously great food, their carne asada burrito is amazing.
I swear they must sprinkle crack on it, cause I keep coming back for more.
I'm here at least once a week.

This place does a great job on tacos and their drinks.
I've been here multiple times and never been disappointed.
The staff have always  been very courteous and personable.the food has always been on point also.

Every time I come here I am never disappointed.
The food is fresh and delicious.
The service matches the quality of the food.

The staff is friendly.
Their beans are perfection.
The Mango Habenero margarita is to die for!

I love this place!
So good and such a variety!
I always get the three taco combo- each is a little different and hits the spot!
Plus they have amazing happy hour- $2 tacos & $1 chips- can't beat that!
It's little corner restaurants like this that make a quick bite out so awesome!
The staff is always super friendly too!

Been to this location a few times always incredible food and friendly staff.
Surprisingly a really great spot for drinks (tons of unique margaritas and mixed cocktails).
Perfect for lunch, dinner, or to start your night with some drinks!
Will be making this place a frequent dining location :)

