The crew at this Buffalo Wild Wings is 100% geared towards customer service.
The bar tending staff makes your experience one to remember.
I'm kinda sad I don't live in AZ now I'm gonna miss my new friends :) I highly suggest visiting this restaurant when visiting west gate...especially on game days for their specials!!
!Spicy garlic wings are the best!
5 star well deserved.

Man, I love this place!
Admittedly, it took a few minutes to get us seated given that we required a high-chair.
However, once seated the staff got our kids tablets to play with.
That was the last time my kids made any noise.
They were so glued to the tablets that dining out was stress free!
The wait service was great!
I'm planning on coming back again real soon!
My only complaint was the initial issues with seating, as well as a sampling of one of the sauces.
It did not taste the same when I got my actual order (way spicier!).
Aside from that, I plan on returning for another good time!

Buffalo Wild Wings is a decent place to eat and watch a game.
Last time I went I ordered the chicken sandwich and it wasn't bad, but I think their prices could be better.
I did find that this location has really good service though.
Our waitress, Trina, brought us refills as needed without having to be asked, which is something we really appreciated and something that you just don't see as much as you should these days.
The wait staff in general was excellent as we had other people check in on our table.
We also really enjoyed the trivia game they have going on here.
It would actually be a really fun restaurant to go to if only the food was better!

Was just in last night for dinner with my wife, 6 week old son and sister in law.
Had to wait for a table (which we expected, Friday night at 7:30).
All the staff was friendly and the place looks great!
Music was kind of loud but I enjoyed it.
When my son started to wake up and cry, no one knew because they couldn't hear him over the music!
Really like that you have a touch tunes juke box (I was able to play the music I wanted to hear!
), wide selection of beers and the wings were really good (I'm a nny fan, still say nny is the best but still liked these).
They have TVs everywhere and would love to go on a Sunday to watch football!
Only reason it's not 5 stars is I felt the kitchen was slow to get our wings out.
Apps came out quick but wings took a little long.
Matthew our server was solid.
Seemed new but I think everyone there is.
Also, I got blue cheese instead of ranch with my wings.
Gross!
For apps, we got cheese curds and fried pickles.
Both really good.
I ordered traditional hot and spicy garlic.
I go here for the spicy garlic, it's amazing!
Wife and sister in law shared boneless wings.
They had no complaints.
Overall, we had a great experience!

Waiting STILL ( it is already 40 minutes) for 5 wings & one quesadilla..... Really?
Wonder how much more to wait.
At least for a drink had to wait about 10 minutes..... Ah, what a service!!!!!!

Hello sports fan:  At this location it's a great bar, when it's packed it's pack when it comes to sports.
I approach the location late.
I understand its late for the fight.
It's too pack.
From the outside lots of people standing watching the fight...lots of people..: there is a two foot brick wall... Wouldn't it be cool to have them sell you wings and take it to you?
Mikayala the waitress says " are you sitting to the restraint"..I said "no" she says sorry I can't get you some wings.. Bad business...
I feel they should sell you wings even if your watching the fight from outside!

Enjoying a refreshing Strawberry Mojito, watching football before heading into the Phoenix Coyotes preseason opener against  the Kings.
Couldn't be happier about a BWW in the Glendale entertainment district.
Crowded and loud but that just enhances the excitement of Sunday football.

I thought Buffalo Wild Wings was revamping itself to make it better.
Well they still are horrible.
Went arrived a little after 6pm before the Coyotes Yarnell Practice Game to grab some quick food before we went in.
Quick never happened.
Trying to get a drink or let alone a refill was hard work.
Our friends ordered potato wedges for an appetizer, it took them three tries to get it right and then some were cold in the middle.
Our entrees took over a half hour to come out and they didn't want to give us any ranch for some reason.
We had to ask our server what the status of our food was, she left and came back 5 minutes later saying they are plating it and the manager was personally bringing it out to us and was going to talk to us.
A few minutes later he brought our food and said nothing.
No apology.
Nothing.
We ate our food, except the person who ordered wings because they were so awful he couldn't eat them.
Our server gave us a $5 off coupon for our meals.
More than likely we will never be back.

Ended up having dinner here with my best friend.
Was a 20 minute wait for a table but there was a hockey game so that would be no fault of Buffalo's.
Seated out on the patio, which is pretty nice and comfy.
Lot's of televisions and faced the court yard so we were able to hear and see the live band.
But their food and service sucked.
I can understand being swamped because of the hockey game and all but its was just ridiculous.
We were sat at a 4 top and there was only 2 of us.
One of the chairs was in the walkway and another server continued to bump either the table or that one chair.
Almost knocked our drinks off once.
No apology or anything.
We ordered a few AMF's (which were really good) and two of their appetizer's: nachos were gross, the wings with Parmesan garlic sauce were even nastier.
I ate the mozzarella sticks, but can you give them credit for that?
Can you really screw up mozzarella sticks.
Otherwise not impressed at all.
Our waiter continued to make inappropriate comments to me and my best friend.
I don't know if he thought he was flirting or thought he would smooth us over because we were having such a un-pleasurable experience.
I was pretty disappointed with this place, everyone raves about it but I think my wing loving ass will stay with Native New Yorker if I want to grab some wings and appetizers.

Great wings and atmosphere.
The place is new so it looks good and feels good.
Service is a bit slow and food can take a while to get to you when they are busy.
This is something they need to work on but that won;t stop me from returning to this particular one.
(Go Bears)!

It's quite simply one of the best places to watch football, eat wing, drink beer, and spend time with friends.
Tons of wing sauce varieties too!
Many people go here just before they head to the football game so make sure you show up early.
Onion rings are good to!

Stopped by after the Coyotes game.
Good atmosphere.
Great night to sit outside.
But.....the service was slow.
Or, I should say our server did not come around very often.
I had asked for a tv to be changed to a football game, it never happened.
There was one gal (wearing a white BWW shirt), called "Captain", she stayed at the same table the whole time we were there.
She was loud and obnoxious.
I later found out the "Captains" are supposed to walk around to other tables.
We ordered one of the sampler platters (the one with the pretzels).
It was a nice snack for after the game.
I wanted extra cheese sauce, but as mentioned above, our server never came around.
I will try this place again.
I hope the service will be better next time so I can give it another star.

Being that this place is a new BWW, the overall experience was terrible.
Where do I start?
4 of us stopped by last night (Friday night) before going to a movie showing.
We didn't wait long, which was probably the only plus out of the experience.
We were walked to our table which only had 3 chairs so I had to wait for a min while they pulled the chair from who knows where.
The table was all wet since they had just cleaned it apparently.
The first thing the waitress asks is if we were ready to order?
(2 mins from being sat down) Her name was Alexis.
She brings our 4 drinks out and spills one of them on the table, luckily it didn't get on my friends fiancé.
She then walks away with the spilled drink on the table and later cleaned it with two of our napkins.
We asked for an appetizer (mozzarella sticks), it arrived approx 30 mins later.
Fast forward to when the main food arrives.
The food was cold( this is most likely related to the amount of time it took to get our food) who knows.
The order was wrong for 3 out 4 people.We had to tell Alexis that we needed a new batch of wings , which she kindly replaced and took them off our bill..
The second round of drinks took 15 or more mins to arrive.
We had to remind the waitress multiple times.
My buddy and I ordered the prime rib juicy burger.
The prime rib was not prime rib.
It looked more as if it were deli sandwich roast beef.
I've been to a diff location in where they actually use prime rib.
I will def never visit this location again.
I want to add that the waitress was nice through all this, she just needs better training.

I just came from L.A. at 3 pm and met up with some other friends from Cali I met when living here in Phoenix a years back.
The boxing fight was on last night so we went here to eat some wings and watch the game.
The place is new and it looks nice inside they female I think her name was Emily some cute blonde was very nice.
We were like 15 in that table and took care of us even though we made it difficult her to charge what beers to who since we kept on changing places to sit lol.
I will come back again for the great service and the water she brought me lol I was driving :)

Tried to go in here on a Saturday night after a coyotes game.
Hostess was outside with a security guard.
I asked her how long the wait was and she snapped "I cannot quote you a wait time" and then turned her head away from me and didn't even bother to ask if I wanted to put my name on the wait list.
First of all you always give the guest a estimate wait time and second of all don't be snappy about a simple question.
Didn't end up going in because the hostess was the rudest girl I've ever encountered.

I love Buffalo Wild Wings, I could eat here all the time!
We came on a Saturday night and it was packed of course but our server was very friendly and worked very hard to get us everything we needed in a timely manner.
We enjoyed watching the hockey game and having a few beers, it was a lot of fun!

Went there for the first time at this Wild Wild Wings, we got great service and the food was very good.
We will return.
Thank You

Delicious!
Love the place and the atmosphere.
We had a guest captain today and she offered to bring 6 sauces to the table for ha to sample.
We had the Caribbean jerk- it was ok, spicy garlic- was a good one, Jammin jalapeño-spicy/tangy., Thai curry- tasted like Ramen noodles, mango habanero-Loved the sweet spicy!
It hits you,try it and Sirraacha- Spicy!
Remember everyone's taste buds are different so ask for a guest captain and sample some sauces!
They charge $.60ea for celery and ranch,which don't get me wrong is fine but I didn't know.
Tuesdays is traditional wings day which are only $.50 Thursday are boneless wings and not sure how much!
To end it, place is good, staff is great, food is freaking delicious!

First time to Buffalo Wild Wings.
This is how you do SERVICE!
Not only was the food delicious, but the To-Go service was fantastic.
The gal working the counter went 10 steps beyond to make us happy.
I just called and told the manager what a great job everyone did.
I love good service!
The wings were super yummy.
I think I will order them "wet" next time because the sauce is so good, but other than that, perfection.
We will be back!

Last time I will ever come to this place.
I ordered take out.
They said 20 minutes over the phone.
I arrive 10 minutes after the 20 and they said they were back up and didn't know how long they would be.
Not even an estimate.
Then I finally get my order after waiting another 20 minutes.
When I got home to eat my food, the wings were burnt and there was barely any sauce.
Terrible customer service.
I have never experienced this at any other BWW in the Phoenix area and I'm always eating there since I love wings.
Sad to say this will be the first and last I will ever come to this location.

Always enjoy the food but Olivia our server was a great part to stopping in and having a late night dinner.
Place needs a damn vacuum because the floor looked like it wasn't vacuumed since Thursday and I was there on a Saturday night.
Hosts were young and not really into working.
Ordered a Arnold Palmer and the young lady said "oh I can't get you that alcoholic drink" wow, it's half lemonade & half ice tea sweetheart...   Not sure what they teach these people.
The kitchen took long but hey that's expected I guess when it was dead earlier and the manager sent people home and then it got busy, at least that is what I heard from a few people.
Thanks Olivia for serving us, you did a great job.

Tiffany Lopez is one of their best servers!
Dont get me wrong they have a handful; but she stands out!
For being a Bar they are very stringent on the amount they serve, but they are following the liquor law soo food is good environment is Awesome!

I was so excited when they opened a b dubs in the area and wow was I let down.
The wings are good of course, but the service as never been good and we have tried coming back several times hoping it would improve.
This last time was the worst we went for happy hour and 20mins past happy hour time was told we would still be charged full price because the computer wasnt showing happy hour yet.
Okay I get that things happen, but then we received our order and no bowls no napkins I had to flag another server down.
I didn't receive a single refill on my water and even asked my server.
I just cant believe that in such a busy area you wouldn't be able to find a few good servers.

If you have children please, please stay away from this location.
This is my second review of this location-just a heads up.
We went there tonight, a Sunday night, no game, no activites and we had the worst service imaginable.
We sat in the patio and asked three waitresses after 15 minutes who our server was because we had our 3 year old with us.
No one knew.
When we were getting ready to get up to leave to another restaurant another patron said he would ask his waitress, he did and she served us.
It was not her section and she was new, fine, we appreciated that.
She didn't know what was on draft but it did not matter since we were hungry and thirsty.
After another 15 minutes she brought out the wrong beer order.
After another 15 minutes our food came but not our childs.
We asked the server and they said we never put it in, whatever.
So we ordered again.
While we were waiting someone who was a manager type but did not introduce themseleves that way, came and said they would rush the order but never said sorry!
The waitress came back and apologized but we said our distress was the fact that our daughter had no food!
The waitress left and came back 5 minutes later saying that our daughters food would be comp'd.
Not anything else!
We were given the wrong beer, waited way to long for service, saw 3 waitresses that would NOT even help us, and the manager type never said sorry!
What a joke!
As we were leaving the patron that helped get us a waitress told us he was sorry that we encountered that with our family!
We left hungry because they never came and asked us if we wanted anything else!
This honestly has been the worst service I have been given in the valley and there was no excuse since they were not even busy!
I get that staff might be new but with all the other challenges it was a total waste!
We should have just left and ate some place else.
STAY AWAY!
I will never eat at this location again!
I will go back to Goodyear or Surprise where their costumer service is INCREDIBLY better, what a let down.

So I have been to this location 4 times now and have come to the conclusion that this is the only BWW that I will ever like.
All the other locations have terrible service and the servers make you feel like an inconvenience but NOT this location.
This location is always busy, which is not a big deal to me.
The service I have experienced has always been great and the food (wings) is awesome!
I will keep coming back with friends, great place to eat and have drinks.

Great food with great service.
Staff are super friendly and helpful with suggestions on wing sauces and what beer would compliment your order.
I just wish they wouldn't change out their beers on tap so often.

Sadly disappointed.
After frequenting B Dubs in multiple cities and states, this was by far the worst.
Appetizers came out w the entrees, forgotten sauces, missing meals ... Ugh.
We ordered Strawberry Coronitas for our drinks and were told they were out of Coronitas so the beer was just poured in.
Am I crazy to think that I'm getting less beer than I'm paying for this way?!
I might be a lush but I'm a cost-conscious lush.
So ...
The manager visited our table and tried to smooth things over, he didn't.
He also forgot the sauce we have been waiting for ...
I guess we are still waiting for good service too ...
The end.

WORST food and customer service ever!
They started the bad experience as they took almost 30 minutes to get us the drinks, then almost 40 minutes to come with our food, and when they showed up with it, they messed up on my order.
Then when I finally got my food, the Nachos chips were extremely salty and the meat had no flavor at all.
The customer service was bad and I'm not saying the name of the server to not get her into trouble but they need to hire better people.

If I could give 0 stars I would.
My brother and I went for a after work dinner with a bunch of coworkers, and ended up not eating at all.
The waitress was very unprofessional.
Everyone else has received their food yet my brother and I didn't.
We orders a plain burger with fries, that's it.
She claimed she put it in but the order fell through with the kitchen, (this was now over an hour after we ordered) she offered to get us our food and box it up for us to go with an attitude like it was our fault.. No discounts or anything.
We then asked for a manager, she came back and said if we wanted to talk to a manager we would have to find one ourselves because the manager refused to come outside (were we were seated).
That was not true because we went to find another waiter who indeed brought us the manager who then confirmed she was never aware of our situation.
Don't go here.
Ever.

We come to this Buffalo Wild Wings because it is the closest to our house.
We always get great service!
They always have all the TVs going with the most popular sport or game on at the time.
We always order wings because they are consistently delicious!
And the fried pickles are amazing!

Came in on Thursday $.60 wing night and the places was packed asses to elbows.
They sat us within 5 to 10 mins which was great the service was a bit slow but I understood with as many people that were there.
The food was on point and the waiter made sure that everything was satisfactory and he was trying to hustle to keep our drinks filled at all times.
I think they might've understaffed for the night but needless to say I will be a returning customer.

Love BWW but not this location!!
!the wait was ridiculous and the waiting area is too small, very crammed.
Slow, hostess doesn't seat you regardless if there is three of them standing at the podium, they just point in the general direction to where you need to sit.
Our servers switched in the middle of our order and it wasn't because one was ending her shift.
Our order took a little too long but whatever.
Our order comes out, they mess up my boyfriends order and bring the naked chicken tenders when he ordered the regular chicken tenders.
Our water had  still not been brought to us at this point, we had to request them again after our meal had arrived.
They failed to have our dipping sauces out that we requested with our meal.
Just a pain in the ass experience.
Won't be returning here to this location.
Should have stuck to our gut and went to good 'ol Yardhouse.

I was the first customer to use the  rest room since I went there at 11 am and it was already dirty.
So gross.
There are so many workers there not doing anything.
Never coming back again.

