Do not recommend this place!
There are plenty of other places that do the same method for a more affordable price.
Too pricey!

I do not recommend this chiropractor.
First, the front office staff is exceptionally rude.
They were very nice over the phone, but when you actually go into the place, they are awful and extremely unprofessional.
Second, the main doc there was very arrogant and acted like I was just wasting his time.
Finally, they are so expensive for the same treatment/techniques available at the hundreds of other chiros in the area.
PLEASE do yourself a favor and stay away.

Can I give zero stars?
I threw out my back snowboarding, I go into the office on a thursday to seek treatment.
I'm met with a used car salesman like chiropractor in Dr. Luzod.
He gives me this whole spiel about his office and how they're the best etc...
I go back in monday (had to wait the weekend for the appointment) Then Dr. Luzod sits down and says, "Definitely yes, I can help you" He then tried to sell me on $3,000 worth of treatments over the next 12 weeks at $75 a pop.
I say, "lets do one and see how it goes".
He then proceeds to lightly karate chop my neck for about five minutes (Nucca) from different angles.
After that his assistant put this stupid laser thing on me (It was supposed to help with pain, it didn't).
Long story short this place is the worst.
Their treatments are placebo at best and Dr. Luzod is a salesman.
Lightly karate chop your own neck at home and save the money.
Overall I would rate my experience a zero if Yelp would let me.
My favorite part?
"after today you may feel the same, you may feel a little worse.
It's all part of the healing process".
Imagine having a mechanic who said, "Your car may run.
It may not.
Don't ask me dude, I'm just the mechanic".
Can't say enough bad things about this place.
Complete rip off.
If they refund my $75 for light karate chopping (Nucca) and the $180 I paid for X-Rays I will take down my review.
P.S.
Lastly he told me I had phase 2 decay in my vertebrae, I had another chiropractor look at my X-Ray and he said everything looked great.
Luzod feels and operates like a total scam artist.
He comes off extremely pompous.

