The place is brand new so I will have to come back to see if there are signs of improvement.
The menu is very ecclectic, with everything from your standard bar nachos, burgers to mussels and prime rib.
Some of the food seemed fairly priced while others seemed a little high, burgers for example were pretty much all over $10   The food was just ok, nothing special but they are new so kind of giving them the benefit of the doubt but for the prices they will need to step it up a notch.
The decor is spartan but clean, not sure what the theme is that they are trying to accomplish, layout looks much more like a casual diner than a bar or upscale restaurant.
Now my big beef.
If you are going to call yourself House of Brews the focus should be on the beer, which it clearly is not.
Some local distributors sold them a bill of goods.
They have a pretty decent size beer list but the bad thing is they are wasting a number of taps on beers that tastes alike, Victoria, Budweiser and Coors Light, Stella Artrois and Redhook?
Come on now, you only need one bland beer, and 2 ciders?
Really., Give the people of Gibert some credit.
Only one SanTan beer on but 4 Four Peaks beers, that's not fair.
All the other beers were also just very pedestrian.
It wouldn't take much like having 1 beer knowledgeable person on staff to revamp that list and make the beer stand out instead of just becoming known for a place that buys the cheapest beer from the distributors that they can.
When I go back instead of ordering an everyday meaningless beer I'll take a water or a coke unless they change it up.
I'm sure people in Gilbert want to have a place to go for beer that is on par with places in nearby Chandler, Tempe and Scottsdale.
So far this isn't it.

$10 burgers?!?
Their HH is $1 off beers, Yup!
That is it.
Get a better HH and maybe we will go back.

Beers were great.
Nachos not so much.
I was a big fan of the HOB prior to it closing and reopening.
Chris (our waiter) was very friendly, helpful and generally great.
However the nachos left alot to be desired.
There was both cheese sauce and cheese on them.
Super weird.
The steak was of much poorer quality than when I used to frequent House of Brews.
I am hoping with was a 1 off bad experience.
I plan on going back but next time ordering something different.

Really, I would give this place 3.5 stars because there were things about our experience that were 5 stars and then things that we about a 2-3 star.
Location for me is great, literally a 2 min drive from my house.
We walked in and I kid you not, there were 16 TV's plastered all over this place...a sports lovers heaven!
Problem is they only had on 1 game.
Service was very friendly and attentive, for me 5 stars.
The wait time for food was a bit much (25 minutes for burgers) and the burgers for me weren't that good.
I ordered my Avocado Burger to be Medium and it came out very well done.
It was dry and I didn't end up eating it all.
However, the macaroni and cheese was a slam dunk..5 stars!
My boyfriend and I couldn't get enough of it!
The burgers came with their branding "HOB" on top, which I thought was a cool touch.
Beers were also ice cold and had a variety to choose from...another sports lovers dream!
I would return but not order a burger.

Visited HOB for lunch this week to check out the new menu,ownership etc.. Love the new ambiance and vibe -  the place is definitely on the up & up!
Ordered the Spinach salad, it was very tasty, fresh chicken and avocado was delightful.
They also have upcoming events and a boatload of big screens to watch ALL the games, not to mention the multitude of craft beers they have on draft...
I'll be back for sure!

Gotta try this place.
New owners for 6 weeks, dozens of micros on tap, and the food is great and plentiful.
I had Fish and Chips which were great, four pieces of beer battered cod and a huge pile of crispy, crunchy wedge fries, along with slaw and house made tartar sauce.
The hubby had corned beef and cabbage: shredded corned beef with a huge pile of cabbage, veggies and a side.
We couldn't even consider dessert and brought home leftovers for two more meal.
Very reasonably priced.
Nice folks, great food, tons of TVs and a huge selection of beers.
What could be better?
To Lauren J- they were very accommodating about changing channels on any TV that you found convenient.
Please go, we'd like to see this place stick around!

Love this place!
Went in on a Sunday mid morning to watch some football and have some breakfast.
Lots of TVs of course, great selection and variety of beers, many local breweries too, and the staff makes you feel very comfortable there.
Turns out, much better food than the standard Sports type bars.
Yeah, you can get wings, nachos burgers and stuff like that but their take on making it takes them up a notch over typical sports grille faire.
I had simply bacon, eggs, hash browns and toast.
Boring right?
Well, not exactly, they add a lot of flavor with nice details like chives on the scrambled eggs, peppers and onions in the potatoes etc.
Wife had the eggs benedict.
They used corned beef instead of ham or Canadian bacon like most do, jalapenos and added some other nice fresh ingredients.
Later on during the afternoon games wife and I split a bowl full of steamers, was great.
Josh the bartender was attentive, Tim from the kitchen even checked on us and Aaron and other staff (that I didn't catch names) all came around to make sure we were having a good experience.
My Browns, lost...again and my fantasy team didn't do well but the was a great day here and a terrific experience.
We will be back and would recommend.

Chef Tim's menu is knocking it out of the park.
Not just bar food, but upscale bar food (without upscale prices), and full entrees as well.
The smoked Gouda mac and cheese is to DIE for.
Fried Tomato BLT was amazing.
Great burgers, great portions - everything we've tried here has been a home run.
And the Stout Bread Pudding?
Fuggeddaboutit.
Lots of TVs to capture all the games, and an extensive beer (draught) list that has something for everyone.
We've had a great experience every time, and everyone we've recommended it to or brought along with us has LOVED it.
I can't wait to go back!
Tomorrow sounds perfect...

Wow...where to begin.
Classic bar feel...but omg!!!
The food is GREAT!!!!
We order nachos for an appetizer...the ground beef was seasoned to perfection.
Dinner was corned beef and cabbage...didn't know it also came with fresh veggies and another side!!!
Lots of food.
Corned beef was so tender and seasoned so well...not too salty!!
Cabbage was a little salty but had some great seasoning going on.
I got Mac and cheese as my side and its not your kids Mac and cheese!!!
Gouda and noodles...nuff said!!
Hubby got bacon burger and waffle fries...fries were SO good..crispy on outside and soft in middle.
Hamburger...well fist off they brand the burgers...the patty is mixed with a little pork for added flavor...so good.
Waitress was very knowledgable of all the beers...too many to comment on!!
Big TVs every where to see game... Needless to say, come check it out!

I have never cared to dine at a Sports Bar especially with kids but, I definitely would have to say HOB has changed my mind about sports bar dining.
We had a lot of fun eating here with the kids and they all loved every bit of their meals.
We had deep fried pickles as an appetizer and the batter was amazing.
I had the Maine lobster roll with buffalo chips something I have never had before which was very delicious.
The Monte Cristo was out of this world.
The only other place I have had this dish was at Disneyland and I thought I would have to go back there just to have it again.
So you can imagine my astonishment to see this on the menu.
We just had to order it!
I am a Sports bar food convert but, maybe just for HOB.
Much thanks to the great staff!

Corned Beef and Cabbage was tasteless and had the odor of bad feet (was this more than day old grub?).
Prices are high for the portion size you receive.
If I wanted food servings the size that Tapas bars serve I would go to one in Chandler or elsewhere not HOB.
Speaking of brews, I like my domestic lagers served ice cold not lukewarm like that of an English pub in Canterbury serving a pint of Bitter.
Note to the weary fellow eater: Avoid this place and spend your hard earned money elsewhere.
You're better off going to Vincent's on Camelback for an elegant dinner, top notch drinks and cold beer than a 21st century house of horrors, I mean house of warm brews.
Letdown of the year for me.

recent trip to HOB with 6 others on a Saturday afternoon.
There were 7 servers, 1 bartender and one guy I must assume was the GM.
there were 8 others in the place.
It took 15 minutes to a beer order, they were all too busy yakking it up with each other.
This went on for a few beers until we finally called out the waitress!
asked her if she planned on making  a tip she better get off her tattooed ass and start waiting on us.
We ordered food and then had to send it all back!, soggy nasty stuff.
The owner better get his/her act together, I give them 6 months before they shutter that location AGAIN!

Was driving down the road and noticed this place with a patio full of flat screen televisions.
The goal - find a bar with good TVs to watch some Sunday football... Oh boy.
What a treat?!
Great TVs, high definition and excellent viewing angles.
Perfect for your Sunday football fix.
If you are into fantasy they have every game on in Hd on gorgeous new flat screens.
The waitress was extremely attentive making sure that every low beer was followed by a prompt cold full beer.
With the name House of Brews you would assume they would have a range of beers and that assumptions is correct.
They have both a diverse selection of draft and bottle beers.
Usually bars that have a lot of micro beers have a pretty decent menu and...drum roll please.. Legit.
Legit menu.
They have Lobster Rolls!
Yes!
I have been looking for a Lobster Roll in the Phoenix area for 5 years.
The price point is good and the lobster roll has a decent amount of lobster meat with the right amount of seasoning and dressing.
I know I said decent and generally that's associated with bad but the fact they had the hoagie roll toasted with fresh lobster prepared the right right way does it for me.
If we lived by a body of water I would expect more but we don't so I will settle with fresh and tasty.
My inner fat kid went on full assault with an order of the clam roll, clam chowder, burger, Mac and cheese and onion rings.
Yes, yes and yes.
5 stars.
Period.
Great crunch, seasoned breading, thick juicy burger, creamy Mac and delicious chowder.
I'm not from Boston but it reminds me of every visit when I'm there...
I definitely recommend this place.

If your looking for a neighborhood restaurant with awesome food, many choices of craft beers and exceptional service, this is the place.
The staff really cares about your experience and goes above and beyond to make sure you leave happy and you will want to come back.
Thanks Josh, Tim and Aaron.
You guys rock.

So I'd love to write a great review but I'm elsewhere eating dinner and drinking beers.
Why?
Because my friend and I (both women) could not justify paying a $5 cover to see a fight that 1.
We could careless about.
Could see up the street for free 3.
Could have parked in the parking lot and watched.
So, sorry to say we will be spending our money and tipping well here at Gordon Biersch.

Found House of Brews on Yelp when I saw my usual spot wasn't confirmed for UFC166.
Both have the all-important characteristic of being walking distance from home.
I saw the reviews and was intrigued by the mentions of some of the interesting menu items.
We ordered pretzel and beer cheese, some honey BBQ wings, fried pickles and Mama's Little Brats for appetizers.
We split a Reuben sandwich and the fried tomato BLT for main course.
I had several beers, and learned from our excellent server Alex that they have what I would refer to as a rotating beer selection.
I.E.
it changes regularly, which is a great thing.
Overall, I like House of Brews enough to go back when they aren't showing UFC fights.
If the rest of the menu items are as good as what we had tonight, you really can't go wrong in choosing House of Brews as a place to watch a sporting event or just to sit down and enjoy some delicious food and have a few beers.

$6 for edamame...you know the stuff that a Sushi place  serves up for free while you wait.
For the quality (or lack of) that you get here the prices are definitely out of whack.
Plenty of T.Vs, even in the bathroom, makes it a good place to watch the game!
The big miss here though was the service,  Literally like 20 minutes before anyone came, and when she finally did, acted kind of surly (I think she was trying to be witty, but just came off rude) Staff was all kinds of chummy around the bar, which is nice...but not if I'm still waiting for my beer.
Beer list is solid and extensive to be fair...but definitely not what I'd call imaginative.
Flanny's in Tempe?...now THATS a place for beer lovers!

Went to the old version a few times, and it was not bad....
This NEW incarnation is SOOOOO much better.
Great tap list, love that.
Great food, love that.
AND friendly prompt bar in my neighborhood vibe service.
Highly recommended.

Since the new owners, this place has greatly improved.
Much better beer selection (read craft beer), food quality is better, and atmosphere is improved.
No longer just a sports bar.
Things are a little pricy but the quality if the food justifies the higher prices.
Come check it out.

Great beer selection and great new food menu!
If you are looking to watch a game it is a great place.
Try the Mac n Cheese!

Kick a$$ BLT.
Bill says get the Grande salad.
Second time here.
Tim runs a fantastic kitchen.
Jessica serves.

Wife and I decided to try a new place.
Lately we've been hitting up some breweries, and this one is reasonably close to home, so we thought why not.
The good: Beer list was extensive and served cold.
Mac & Cheese was alright.
Waitress was nice.
Wife thought the burger was OK. Lots of TVs you could easily see to watch several things at once.
The bad: The first beer we ordered was not available (San Tan Epicenter).
The Mac & Cheese was only good if you ate the warmer part on the inside, because the outside was cold and hard as if it had been sitting for quite a while.
Took a long time to initially get a waiter to our table and was very slow to return each time.
The bread that came out with the Mac & Cheese was literally burnt black.
The waitress offered to bring out non-burnt bread but never actually brought any out.
We were never asked how our meals were.
As a place to dine, I would not return here and recommend anyone else against considering eating here.
I would however consider returning here if I wanted to drink beers and watch a game, which may yield a different experience.

I really wanted to like this place.
My wife and I both had burgers.
To quote the old Wendy's commercial; "Where's the beef??
"  The bun was 3-4 times larger than the burger!
It was like they put a slider on a full-size hamburger bun.
What a rip-off.
Extremely disappointing.
Needless to say, we won't be going back.

This place has been quite a few different "sports" bars .
I think the new owners finally figured Gilbert out !
The food is fantastic , especially the Mac Shack .
Amazing variety of beer that changes frequently .
We had great service every time by either Trish or Rachel .
We will definitely be coming often !

I had driven past HOB several times and finally decided to give it a shot.
I was amazed at how busy it was since it's in a shopping center that doesn't really have anything else going for it.
I was impressed with how many good craft beers they had on their list, they even had hop slam which was hard to come by.
You could tell the waitress had a huge workload but still provided good service and my glass was never empty.
Tim, one of the managers, made his way by every table asking how the service was and if there was anything they could do better.
They have a very diverse selection of food and the blackened chicken wrap I ordered did not disappoint.
Ever since Boombozz switched to american tap house I have been looking for a new place.
House of Brews is definitely it!

I have now been here several times, and the food and service has been consistent which to me is a very good thing.
HOB Benedict might just be the best breakfast I have ever eaten!

Tim has done a remarkable job total 180 great food ice cold beer and huge selection!
My new fav place

The family and I along with a couple friends decided to try this place for a little variety.
The experience was less than stellar.
If I could give no stars I would.
The Bad: Kids both wanted a cream soda (bottled) and when the waitress came back she informed us there was only one bottle left...really?
It's soda for crying out loud.
I decided to order a Kiltlifter (some special edition) and again....OUT!
Now I'm slightly annoyed...Friday night, full house and by the way...also informed the kitchen is about 25 minutes "behind" so if we wanted to order an appetizer it would be best to put it in with our dinner order.
Ok, whatever...we decided to order nachos.
Nacho's came out STONE COLD, sent them back as they were inedible.
The manager then came over (he was very nice, apologetic and again telling us the kitchen was "behind") apologized, offered to "buy us a round" (that didn't happen by the way even though we ordered a couple more rounds in the 2.5 hours we were there) and wanted to make sure we were "happy".
Out comes nacho plate number 2, by the manager stating they were "fresh out of the oven".
Not so much, again...STONE COLD ON cold plate.
Ugh...didn't bother sending them back as it clearly was not going to do any good.
So finally out comes dinner...everyone had yes you guessed it...cold food.
By this time we just wanted to leave.
So along comes the waitress, who is clearly annoyed and drops off the check....nachos included.
Now one would think that if the manager came over, offered a round of drinks and apologized profusely about cold food and slow kitchen service that the nachos would have never made it to the bill.
Needless to say we just paid and left...and will never return.
Robert Irvine would be having a field day in this place!
Total bill for a family of 4 for cold food and a couple beers: $78 (that included my barely deserved 15% tip (normally I go 20% all the way...not this time)  The Good: 1.
Apologetic manager that seemed sincere, but clearly didn't follow through with any amount of customer service.
At least the beer was cold.
Save your money as there are plenty of other beer/sports bars with much better service and hot food.
Can't believe this place had a full house!

So my wife and i like this place at first but it has gone down hill since the first two times we came here.
The first two times the food and customer service was great they treated us very nicely and we also have a 16 month old and they were very friendly with him and also went above an beyond to cater to him.
Then my wife and I went there a third time and the food was not as good as the first two times but not horrible and the customer service was not as great as it had been.
Then we went a fourth time and I got the "special" it was a Gnocchi plate which is my favorite pasta and it came and was a puny helping my wife got a burger and a side of Macaroni and Cheese her side was bigger than my dish which was kind of ridiculous.
So we decided to take a hiatus since but felt compelled to go on 3-2-14 because well a beer sounded good and figured we would try again.
Well that was the wrong thing to do, so our server was busy at first so someone else helped us and she was great I wish she would have been our server she was playing with our son and talking to him.
Then our server took over it seemed like he had not served much we ordered our food and we asked for specific things to not be on our meals and how the meals were to be cooked.
So after our order was taken our son was starting to get antsy so we just asked for some crackers to tide him over and our server said sure but i will have to charge you, charge me for crackers????
really crackers????
in our first two outings the servers brought our son puffs and apple sauce out of kindness no charge and this guy is charging for crackers come on man!
So after the cracker debaucle we get our food well my wife's burger is over cooked and the fries are blah and my chicken sandwich is not how i asked for it we just ate the food because we did not want to be there any longer.
So then we get our bill (yes the crackers were there) and they have a neat thing where they put the bill in a novel not a normal fold, well this book was filled with graffitti now I am not a prude by any means but why are we given a book that has pornographic images and language that would make a sailor blush.
I am sorry but what if a kid opened this book up I cannot believe management would allow this if that were seen by the wrong person i am sure one of the local news channels could be called I will not be back  2 stars is for the first two visits if i were to judge on newer vists it would be 1

I almost bought a house down the street from House Of Brews just so I could go there more often!
NO KIDDING!
The meat and cheese boards are INSANE, the CRAFT BEER selection both in bottles and ON TAP is always out of this world and your ALL favorite sports are always on 35ish Big Ass flat screens TVs.
YES, HEAVEN!

Holy cow...I really wanted to like this place, but the overall experience was bad.
The food came out at room temperature/cold.
The service took FOREVER!
Our server kept telling us it would be out in a few seconds (both drinks and food).
A few seconds turned out to be well over 30 minutes.
I guess the bar was backed up and the bartender couldn't get to our drinks in a reasonable amount of time (iced tea, vanilla beer in a bottle and the cappuccino stout on tap).
There was another booth next to us that hadn't even been greeted by their server...they were completely forgotten!
With all the options of bars/restaurants in the area, I doubt we'll be back.

I want to start out by saying Josh, the bartender does an excellent job.
If you want to be educated on beer selection and walk out of there impressed, ask for Josh.
Sliders, nachos, salads, and basically all appetizers are awesome and you must try them all with a paired beer choice.
The burgers could all use some touching up and fine tuning, but it depends on who is grilling that night I guess.
They take pride in their sports bar and beer selection, and it shows in their service.
Live music on the weekends and good service anywhere in the bar make HOB very enjoyable, and they have a dog friendly patio.
This is a great spot for lunch, or to take a significant other out for a "sports bar" night.

Loved this place!
Sat out of the patio today for lunch to watch some of the opening day Red Sox game.
Food is amazing.
Ordered the Ipswich fried clams which were relish and straight out of a Cape Cod menu.
Husband had the Italian, which was enormous and enough to bring home half for dinner.
Beer selection - more than worthy.
I had the Lobster Roll lunch special and was everything I expected it to be.
Thanks for the Cracker Jacks Tim!
This place is great, be back very soon

Looks like there are a few people that had a negative experience here but my first experience the other night was a good one.
The place has a neighborhood sports bar feel to it but lacks a little bit in terms of identity.
There is a collection of Boston area sports memorabilia hanging in one spot but not much in the way of local team stuff.
The TV's are plenty and unless you are ultra picky I don't understand how you could not watch what you want to see.
The beer list is better than most and I had a coffee stout there that was excellent.
I only sampled the Mac and Cheese there which is made with a smoked Gouda and happened to be one of the best I've had and the french dip which was excellent.
A few of my buddies tried the steak and burger and were also very happy.
The owners were involved and hooked us up with some additional sides after talking to them a bit which was very nice.
I thought the prices were just fine but then again many people benchmark against the big chain restaurants which I refuse to support so I lack context there.
I will certainly be back.

Horrible service!
Wanted to check this place out because I had heard good things!
Sat down at the bar and it took 10 min for a bartender to show up!
She asked if we wanted a menu, handed them to us and disappeared!
Never asked if we wanted a drink!
It was 20 more min and the bartender was still MIA!
I mean the place was not even busy, 1 other guy at the bar and 2 tables seated!
So after 30 min sitting at the bar with no drink in my hand, we walked out!
Drove 2 miles west to Jolie's and had a great breakfast and excellent service!
Never going back to HOB!
Neither should you!

Fish n chips are great here!
Huge selection of everything u need.
Service is nice, my waiter is super nice, conversational!

As bars go, this is certainly my favorite.
I have been five times before deciding to write a review.
The food is great, for bar food fare obviously.
I have had several sandwiches, all were tasty.
The macaroni and cheese they brag about is also great.
I am not a big fan of ordering burgers but my friends have enjoyed them.
The beer list is extensive and excellent!
Just as important the servers I have had have been very knowledgeable and helpful with the items.
Speaking of servers, the service here has always been great.
The last plus is the establishments willingness to give a fan of hockey a tv.
Yup, as one of the few obsessive fans of hockey in the valley I really appreciate an establishment that has the tvs to spare indulging me.
Overall, I have not found a better bar establishment in the valley and you can expect to see me return.

HOB #1 Gilbert Brew/Pub/Restaurant!
Ask for Forrest he's smaat( Boston smart) Nice and a GREAT WERKER!
We will see all y'all soon KDS

Didn't plan on going there today, but a Bratwurst craving drove the car directly to the place.
I ordered Mama's Little Brats off the appetizer menu.
I wouldn't call this an appetizer for 1 or 2.
It had 3 large brats sitting on a bed of the house kraut with onions and peppers.
The brats were fantastic, lean with an excellent texture that went well with the spicy mustard.
A+.
The kraut was an issue for me, it's a house made kraut that didn't have the zing a good German , Jewish or Irish kraut possesses.
Very mild.
C+  No complaints at all about the service, kept the water glasses full, checked in appropriately to see if we needed anything, very friendly.
A+  Let's chat briefly about dessert, I was a bit full for the bread pudding I wanted so I went with the house made Blueberry ice cream.
For the price, the portion was great, but the ice cream itself was excellent and chocked full of fresh blueberries.
A+.
I will return to try a few other items that caught my eye.
Henry

Ok so my first experience with this place was in the summer of 2012 all I could say was fail.
It's been almost 2 years and was near and had about two hours to kill..read some positive reviws and said why not I heard they had redone the place and had new owners.
Well I am glad I did.
Beer selection is great had a few great choices for me and the wife as we are on opposite sides of the beer spectrum.
Now the food.
..I would have say very interesting menu.
I went for the black and blue burger.
Is it good when the juices are running down your arm?
Uhhh ya... Cooked to requested temp.
Nice.
The wife had their Nan bread Flatbread, pretty tasty also.
I was not that impressed with the fried pickles.. but no doubt we will be back.

Way nicer inside than you'd expect.
Nice beer selection, comfortable booths, lots of TVs.
Typical bar food and some strange table-next-to-booth configurations drops it from 5 to 4 stars.

