Great service.
He came out and made a key for my Honda in very little time.
He was also very friendly and happened to be cheaper than everyone else.
Recommend!

After having a terribly scary experience which resulted in calling the police a couple years back, I never wanted to call a lock smith again.
Being who I am however, I locked myself out of my house again and had no choice.
Instead of searching around for the cheapest deal and hoping someone decent would show up this time, I figured I'd just buck up and pay the money to have Pop A Lock come and let me in my house.
I am so glad I did.
They showed up in less then 15 minutes and let me in.
The fact that they were in a marked car and uniform was a big plus and I didn't feel like I was about to be criminalized.
The best part was they were actually cheaper!
I couldn't believe it.
The gentleman that came to let me in my house even offered to make me a duplicate key at a great price so that this didn't keep happening.
I thought that was nice on account they make their money when people lock themselves out!
I hope I don't have to call any locksmith ever again, but if I happen to make some dumb mistake again, I will for sure call Pop A Lock.

Reliable, timely, and affordable!
I phoned Jordan at Pop-A-Lock this morning and he had Ryan out to my home in a few hours.
Ryan worked hard on re-keying my doors and charged me exactly what Jordan quoted me over the telephone.
Friendly & honest hard work.
What more do you need?
Call Pop-A-Lock for all of your locksmith needs!

I needed a laser-cut chip key for my car due to losing my keys.
Jordan came out and took care of it.
So glad I found out about them.
ACE told me my option was to go to a Honda dealership and pay $300 for a replacement key.
Don't do it!
Call Jordan.
Really nice guy and you aren't going to find better prices.

Incredibly reliable and trustworthy.
Would recommend them to anyone.

Totally recommend Pop-A-Lock.
I had used up all my AAA "locked my keys in the car" allowances, so I had to call someone to come out.
They were accurate with how long it would take to get to me AND they opened the car, cut 2 new keys and would have made me a remote key lock if I had wanted one!!!
ALL ON THE SPOT!!
I've gone to Toyota to have keys made, but they never worked.
They were professional and nice and I highly recommend them!!!

Pop-A-Lock in Phoenix is the best in the biz!
Jordan and Greg really know what they're doing.
It doesn't matter who comes out to help you from the company, they will be very helpful and well-trained.
These are first-class people and they'll give you by far the best price of ANY locksmith.
They can help you with re-keying locks at your home, installing new lock, or with locks and ignitions for your car.
I HIGHLY recommend pop-a-lock to anyone.
I frequently refer my own customers over to them and they are always taken care of and very satisfied with the work and the service they receive from them.
Thank you pop-a-lock!

Great service and reasonable pricing.
Licensed contractor you can trust, very professional.

Disclaimer, Fortunately I haven't had to use a locksmith while in Phoenix but I've known Jordan for about 10 years now and will vouch for his character, which I'm sure follows him to his business endeavors.
Jordan is honest, and will bring just enough humor to your likely shitty day to lighten the mood.
Again, I can't speak to his locksmith skills, but if they come close to his wingman/pizza-making/overall-great-college-roommate skills that I knew back in the day, then you are in good hands.

Never had to use them, but I know Jordan personally for over 6 years.
I also trust him, and would agree with Dan that if I was having one of those frustrating days, Jordan's humor and reliability would be much appreciated.
I'm thinking I might even purposefully lock my keys in the car next time I'm in AZ so I can witness first hand the skills this man posses.
If he wields a lock picker half as good as he wields a drum stick...this man will caress those locks open in no time.

I had my ignition switch freeze up on my GTO at the car dealership and the dealership couldn't figure out how to fix it.
I was so frustrated.
The dealership wanted $1500 to put a new ignition switch in my car.
I've heard about Pop-A-Lock and thought I should try them, so I decided to call.
I am so glad I did!
The friendly Pop-A-Lock tech said get a can of WD-40 and squirt a little in the ignition and then try the key again.
So I did.
And IT WORKED!
The wonderful Pop-A-Lock tech said no charge, just call me next time and recommend us.
So here I am!!!
Use these guys, they are better than the, know it all, dealerships.

I give Phoenix Popalock my highest recommendation.
My home was burglarized and thousands of dollars of my family's personal property was stolen.
I immediately called the police, and then went about dealing with all of the issues created by a burglary - calling credit card, the bank and investment companies to freeze accounts, finding a contractor to repair damages, and of course, having your locks changed.
About 30 minutes after calling the police, I called Popalock and reached Greg.
He answered his phone immediately, was extremly understanding and concerned, and offered to come to my home immediately to change out the looks that day.
In other words, Popalock was prepared and ready to actually respond to my family's needs faster than the police!
I had Greg wait so the police could come and dust for prints, but Greg was there the following morning at 7:30 and changed out all of our locks for a very reasonable price.
Great customer service and great work.
I highly recommend Popalock.

I couldn't unlock the trunk of my car, which was a problem because that's where the battery is located and it had died!
Reached out to Pop-A-Lock to solve the problem.
Jordan came out the same day (a Sunday) and in no time at all had the trunk open and I was able to replace the battery.
Friendly service, knowledgeable and fair price.

Greg came right out and even alerted me 15 minutes before he got there.
The price was as quoted over the phone with no added fees.
I would definitely use them again.
Great experience.

Pop A Lock has been able to provide every service i have required of them.
Motorcycles, cars, etc.
They are fast, they are knowledgable and best of all, their prices are extremely fair.
I will always go back to Pop A Lock.
Jordan is normally the guy that helps me out and he is great!

Locked my keys in my car after work.
I was given a price and an ETA that was reasonably accurate.
The dispatched locksmith arrived approximately when he said he would and had me back in my car in about 5 minutes.
He was courteous and got to work quickly.

