Sad ., Went there for lunch and did not order ., The person cutting the chicken was also eating the chicken at the same time ,.
throwing into his or her mouth while still cutting the chicken ,.
gross ,.
and then another person came up and ate some also,.
They should have went into the back at least ,.
gross ,.

It should never ever  - ever EVER take 30 minutes to get a burrito bowl, no matter how long the line is.
Yes, it was lunch time but management should have this under control.
2 stars only because I heart chipotle.

I have had chipotle burritos at other locations and usually don't finish a whole burrito.
Today was not as good and fat, usually it requires two foil wraps.
My burrito was cold but I guess that's what happens when you add sour cream & guacamole!!
Over all it was just ok...

I sort of like Chipotle, while they have good food, I often find that it is over priced for what you get.
My wife and I ordered ahead online and was told our food would be ready within 30min.
By the time I got my food home it was cold.
That and I had to wait an additional 10 min in store for the pre-made guac, wtf.
Chipotle is generally decent, this location is not.

I understand its new but the employees have no urgency.
The line I stood in was about 25 people and they were just taking their time.
Took about 30 minutes just to order.
I like chipotle but its not worth the wait.
I could have had a sit down meal in the time it took just to order.
Definitely not fast food.

I waited a bit to write this to give them some time to fix all the problems with opening a new store.
The first few times I visited there was excessive waiting.
I was there around 8pm and it still took roughly 30 mins to get thru the line with about 20 people.
Very excited they have fixed the issue and the last few times I have been were just as quick as any Chipotle I have been to.
The food is the quality you would expect at any Chipotle.
This is one of my favorite places and I am excited it is down the street from me

My recent trip to Chipotle was definitely disappointing.
Ordered $60 worth of food and got $10 worth of service, due to the idiots that are often staffed on Sundays.
We ordered take out and waited the ordained 40 minutes to leave the house for the ultra-slow Laveen location, even tho the Chipotle near my house in Mesa takes 10 minutes.
Upon arriving 10 minutes after the online promise time, they hadn't even started the order.
My carnitas order was missing sour cream and guacamole, which costs more.
My daughter, who has a severe gluten allergy, received no apology when they forgot to switch out spoons and gloves.
They just laughed and said "Oops".
My tip to management: call 'Restaurant Undercover' and see what is really going on cuz you just lost a weekly $60 sale from our family.

I don't know what everyone is talking about.
I've gone in there 2 times and each time maybe around 10 minutes.
The same or probably even more if u go to panda express!
And if you don't like it; then I suggest you stop going and go to the one that you usually go to.

