This place is my favorite vape shop.
The customer service is excellent and the juice they carry is the best I've had yet.
They even had clove and it tasted just like its analog.

Great vibe in this place and top product.
Customer Service is an absolute "10".
Knowledgeable and educational staff - while providing top notch juice.
The space looks and feels great and is filled with great people.
Clean, sharp, professional, superior.
I would put Vape Shop Las Vegas above any Vape shops I've been at in the Southwest.

Came in from San Diego for SEMA and was hoping that I'd get a chance to see what VAPE was all about too.
(CALI is a tough state and there have been cities in SD County who have banned vape) However, I drove around LV most of the day to see the city and check out other the VAPE shops.
I found myself on Flamingo and walked into this store and immediately noticed and felt a really good vibe.The owner Taga was friendly, knowledgeable and helpful to educate someone like me (who no longer smokes) what the hooplah of VAPE is all about.
I notice he does builds for customized vapes and has a menu of flavors that can be tested if the customer requests.
I learned that there are levels of nicotine in the juices that range from super low to high amounts.
Its WILD that there are tons of people, especially in Las Vegas, who are dependent on smoking for sport who need serious doses of nicotine in their vape juice to equate to their 3 pack a day habit.
I was in the shop when a few customers came in and was happy to see how well Taga spoke to each of them, treating them with Pacific Islander kindness (business with a true smile).
This store has a good owner, a friendly appeal to it and a variety of product.
I hope the very best for this business and will be sure to pass along the good word when friends and family ask for a spot to pay visit to next time their in Sin City!

This is far the best vape shop I've been to.
Taga's customer service and hospitality is uncanny.
No matter how busy it is in there, he has the ability service a customer without the other customers feeling neglected.
With the shop itself is impressive.
The lounge area is available to kick it, vape and mingle.
From people who are interested in vaping to vape heads like me, I highly recommend to swing by.
You won't be disappointed.

When you walk into the Vape Shop you immediately feel the great vibes.
I've been to many Vape Shops in Northern Cali and Southern Cali and this place  clearly stands out.
The Vape Shop is a perfect blend of classy, elegant, clean and professional.
The customer service was great.
The owner of the place is very knowledgeable, friendly and very patient.
I took my wife into the shop to buy her first mod and she had so many questions.
We also wanted to try out some of their different flavors of e juice.
We were very happy with how we were taken care of.
Great customer service goes miles when it comes to keeping me as a loyal customer.
I definitely recommend this shop to all the Vape heads out there in Vegas.
If you're in the area stop by.
Try the Mocha Chocolate Mint and the Taga juice!

I came in because I was initially trying to surprise my GF with a new vape but had no clue in what to get.
One of my friends from San Diego suggested I check this place out.
As soon as I walked into the store, I was greeted by Taga and automatically felt comfortable being there.
Unlike other vape shops that tried to upsell me on what to get, he took the time to explain the fundamentals of vaping to me while showing me a mod (which he assembled) that was reasonably priced and suitable to my GF's needs.
The customer service here is superb!
I would definitely recommend it to all my vaping friends and anyone who wants to get into vaping.
Thanks again for all your help Taga!
We'll definitely be coming back!

wow what can I say these guys were just great I came from California to check out different shops I was sitting in my car until they opened to find out they were closed for the day they were doing an event to pawn stars ...though they were closed they let me come in and get my shopping done...didn't have much in the store because it was all packed up for the event they were leaving for...but they had what I needed...great people would love to go back when they were open to spend some fun time they were so nice to let me in to shop when they were closed thank you so much....

The wife and I are from Denver, CO and visit Vegas twice a year.
We stumbled into this place after breakfast and I love this spot.
Great people.
I've found my Las Vegas vape shop.
Don't waste your time I found your time this place is the best.

I was recommended this place from my sister in law after trying this really good juice that she was vaping.
It was a peanut buttter + banana flavor to die for, so I had to know where she got it.
The store itself has a cool, modern feel to it .. very clean with some unique art pieces on the wall.
The owner, Taga, is super welcoming and friendly.
I picked up the peanut butter + banana and also sampled a few more.
His juices are literally the MOST flavorful ones I've tried .. and he mixes them in house!
I fell in love with a coconut-mocha flavor that was reminiscent of the popular Starbucks drink.
So so good.
The prices are slightly more per bottle than other shops I've been too .. but the juices are premium quality.
I'll be back for sure!

I came in to the shop due to me wanting to cut back on cigs.
I had no ideal what vape was all about.
The salesman Taga explained everything so fully that I was excited to make my purchase.
I am a happy satisfied customer.
Thank Taga.

While on vacation, my vaporizer stopped working.
We took a cab and had him wait, while I brought my vaporizer in.
The lovely woman at the counter tightened up a few things and changed a part, she didn't want to charge me.
I still insisted on paying and was very grateful for her help for the rest of our trip.
I highly recommend.

