I had an awful time living here.
I signed a year lease here and it couldn't have ended soon enough.
I did not feel safe here.
The cops were in the complex at least twice a week and the community is not gated.
The residents are rude, don't pick up after their pets, and flood the dumpster areas with trash.
The staff is no helpful or competent.
They don't take care of things for you.
They managed to come up with a bunch of false excuses to withhold my deposit, claiming that it was used up to cover a previously unmentioned "carpet cleaning fee".
I will never recommend this place to anybody.
Spend alittle more money and go to Andante or Sierra Vista...
When I got into my apartment it was filthy.
I found rusted screws laying in the carpet.
The bathroom was atrocious.
The kitchen work was spotty.
The only thing that I liked about the apartment was that it was very spacious.
The parking situation is a joke if you live anywhere other than the south end of the complex.
There is not enough uncovered parking here except for the South area.
You will hate living here.
This "community" use to be called Broadstone Ahwatukee Fairways.
Look up the reviews from that place, they are accurate.
I think they changed the name to avoid the poor reviews that they deserved.
Thanks.

Lived here since 2012 moved in with roommate who lived here since 2011.
We have given Rockledge the benefit of being new owners, we did not hold the old company against them (formerly Broadstone Alliance property) Rockledge Fairways is owned by Riverstone.
The maintenance workers have always been excellent.
The office staff has proven time and time again of being unprofessional.
Loosing notes, work orders, sticky notes constantly about service requests or general inquiries.
The only manager that was helpful was let go recently.
The reasons I would not recommend is the horrible customer service.
Last year when we were looking to renew we had to ask for our contract numerous times only to finally have it emailed to us with the wrong apartment number.
Since then we put in multiple request to update our cars and license plates which are still wrong.
Requests to replace lights, counter tops peeling, cabinets peeling, dirty carpets after repair work, broken shower controls, broken cabinets, doors falling off the hinges, bathroom rot and mold have gone unanswered.
They recently upgraded the Front office and not the staff.
When we recently asked about prices and renewal and felt the increase a month was unacceptable we were told very rudely why it is what it is and very defensive.
No apology until we asked for one and upon getting our contract after the song and dance and false promises that we have been offered every year, guess what... wrong apartment number again.
Don't bother moving in here.
Better properties in the area less expensive and you won't have to live in sub par conditions with sub par customer service.

This place is a joke the staff all the way to Corprate!
They over charge you and the amount of ghetto ass people that live here it's a shame it makes ahwatukee look bad.
I am sorry you make $10 a hour and hate your job but be respectful to your tenants

Wow where do i start?
My self, fiance and step daughter moved in here in 2012 in between residences.
I like the location, it was decently priced and the complex was great with the old management staff and or investors as Broadstone.
I second the notion that this complex got a face lift in order to lure more people in but thats all it was.
The staff is very young and unprofessional.
I have called many times on the weekend to only get a VM instead of a live person when experiencing an issue that was needing to be addressed.
The best visit to the to the office was when I decided to walk to the office and talk to them in person to only find a note on the door stating the sales person was showing a unit and would be back shortly.
A professional apartment complex is never short staffed and this one is 100% short staffed all the time.
The biggest issue is the amount of parking spaces for the people that live here.
My parking spot is taken a minimum 2-3 days a week and I have to go and find the people parked in my spot.
I have went as far as going door to door in order to have people move there vehicles.
The towing company is useless, the stickers are plastered all over the complex but when you need them to tow a vehicle in your spot that is part of your rent costs, its impossible and not worth the time either.
We have encountered everything from parking lot drug deals weekly, a shooting in the parking lot, two violent confrontations over parking spaces being taken etc.
Since this complex has changed from Broadstone to Rockledge Fairways it feels like an investors first time at buying a large commercial investment and working out the issues while we as the tenants have to deal with the after effects.
If a tenant has an issue and reports it you get it resolved on there watch, but if something happens that management does not agree with, you are threatened with letters of there frustration.
The letters them selves are not thought through and I am pretty sure does not come from corporate because they are typed up and signed by the staff in the office which holds no professionalism what so ever.
The people that are doing there jobs above and beyond is maintenance, I can't say a bad thing about them.
If you have the extra money to check into the more up scale properties in the area  sign the lease and "run".
I would "never ever" refer this property to anyone as place to live, once our lease is up, we will look at this as a learning experience and thats it.
Do your home work, check the police reports for the area and just ask people in the complex if they like it.
Do not get sucked into the more affordable rent and slightly upgraded units because you will be in for a nightmare living at this complex!!!!

