My only complaint: they are inconsistently open on Saturdays even though their hours on their building front say they are open Saturdays 9 to 1.
Other than that they have been overall awesome.

We have been taking our dog to Dr Connie Anderson for over a year now and I have to say, she is one of the best vets we have seen.
Can't recommend her practice enough?
Very caring and compassionate and isn't all about making money.
Just a thought to the gentleman below.
I would voice your concern with the clinic about the hours and I am sure they would be happy to fix this issue...instead of you giving a 2 star review.

Dr. Anderson and her staff are the best!!!
My dog was attacked by another dog and his eyes were swollen shut.
Of course this came at a time when money was really tight and payday was 3 days away.
Dr. Anderson took care of the appointment and all the meds, took 50% of the entire bill and then only had me pay half of that till payday.
I love this place they really put the animals well being first.
I will never go anywhere else.
Thank you so much!!!
Rocky is doing so much better :)

We took Whiskey, our recently rescued dog, to Dr. Oetke for a check up, vaccines, and treatment for an allergic reaction and ear infection.
The team at Animal House was wonderful!
They were great with Whiskey, attentive to his conditions, thoroughly answered all of our questions, and took the time to show us how to properly clean his ear and apply the medication.
We would highly recommend this clinic.

We have had a lot of vet visits in the past year or so with our 4 furry family members and most recently our cat Bear has had some allergy issues & we switched his food but he started having some stomach issues.
I took him to Dr. Oetke and she addressed our concerns with his stomach problems & prescribed some medication but also some food sprinkles that help with digestion.
I also had some concerns with some build up in Bear's ears.
What I loved about Dr. Oetke was that she didn't just chalk it up to allergy issues but did a full culture and found out he did have a severe ear infection even though we really came in for stomach issues.
She prescribed some medicine for his ear infection and some cleaning solution and showed me herself how to clean his ears properly.
She definitely went above & beyond in my eyes.

We just started taking our newly adopted puppy here, so our experience for the time being is limited, but so far has been fantastic!
Very personable staff.
Dr. took time explaining everything and didn't rush us out the door, even though we had a lot of questions.
She provided a comprehensive treatment plan for our very sick pup who we're extremely grateful has made a significant turnaround & fingers crossed is on way to full recovery.
Can't thank Animal House enough for their attention to detail & caring support.

Ive brought my dogs to Dr. Connie Anderson for around 10 years.
She is calm and genuinely cares for her patients.
Her common sense got us through some very tough decisions and we appreciated her compassionate treatment of our family both human and canine.

Dr. Connie Anderson is awesome, always takes the time to really get to the root of the problem and is very hands-on with the animals we've taken to see her.
My new kitten Frisco had a very troubling eye infection that wasn't getting better and she sent him home with several treatment modalities and he's doing GREAT.
The eye cleared up within a couple of days and he's back to his spunky self.
My big cat Cowboy Jack is a regular patient due to his chronic urinary issues and he's always treated so well by everyone at the Practice.
I have to buy him special food and Animal House is very good about keeping it in stock so I can just call them and have a bag available in a day or two.
Love this place, give them a try and you'll be glad you did.

I have to say I am impressed.
When I arrived for my birds wing clipping I was told that they had left a message on my phone (but they had the wrong number) that they weren't taking new bird patients...but because I was there they would go ahead and make an exception.
They then also agreed to keep her as a patient there.
I was very impressed by the customer service.
The lady who came to take my bird to the back was smiling and very kind.
SUPER impressed that Dr Anderson took the time to come out front and shake my hand and meet me after Perry was finished.
Very respectful.
The clinic was very clean and very cute :) Thank you for taking us on!

We moved to queen creek a few months ago and had to find a new vet for our two English bulldogs.
We took them to animal house and have been really pleased with the service and care they have provided.
We haven't had any MAJOR medical needs but they have been great with our small stuff so far.

I can't say enough good things about this vet!
I used to go to another vet out in Gilbert, but needed to find a closer vet when I moved to Queen Creek.
I did a ton of research because I've heard many bad things about some of the vets out here and I found Animal House through that research.
They have been amazing with both of my dogs.
Both vets have been the most caring, loving vets I have ever met.
Dr. Anderson has frequently offered lower cost options for treatment instead of just suggesting the most expensive thing out there.
She even offered a follow up visit for free after treating my over active dog for tearing his nail off.
My only complaint is that the last time I was in I spent a ton of money on allergy medication and was told later by friends that other vets have suggested to use Benedryl instead of paying exponentially more for the prescription.
But, I don't know if they have good reasons for that and I didn't ask so take that opinion with a grain of salt.
Love them anyway and will continue to use them over and over again!

Fantastic vet.
Very caring staff and doctors.
Nice location.
Clean.
Highly recommend.

My experience was for a nail trim on my two small dogs.
The tech was professional and gentle although she hit the quick on my Yorkie ;-( It happens.
The upsetting part was that a woman who was niether the receptionist nor the tech decided to more than double the price at check out.
I was quoted $12 for a trim.
When the service had already been done she said, "your dog was difficult.
The price is now $25" well if this was simple I wouldn't hire a professional to do it.
I was upset and stood my ground but felt disrespected and angry.
They should post fair prices and not price switch after service has been provided.

Awesome vet and grooming salon!
They don't over charge or try to charge you for everything little thing.
They're very patient with our dogs and it's clear that they actually care and have a passion for animals.
Never a long wait time or anything to complain about.
The grooming service is great as well... Much cheaper than other places and our dogs come out smelling and feeling nice and clean.
Will definitely go back.

