Those that crossfit would tell you the best part of a box is building friendships with your fellow athletes and coaches.
There came a point at my previous box where it just got too big.
I knew very few athletes and the coaching personnel had changed.
It seemed the style was geared toward pushing volume/numbers of athletes rather than focusing on athletic development.
I needed a change.
I was looking for a box where coaches went out of their way to recognize and acknowledge each individual athlete.
I wanted to be at a box where the coach to athlete ratio was reasonable and there wasn't mass chaos by having 3 or 4 classes going on at the same time.
I decided to leave the box that I was at and join Crossfit DTP.
I had previously worked with the owner (Tom) in my first 2 years of being a crossfit athlete.
His coaching is what really attracted me to his gym and the first day I was there, the place felt like home.
He remembered things about me from many years ago.
He remembered when I was hurt, what types of workouts I preferred, and most importantly where my weakness/areas of improvement are.
The workouts at DTP have a purpose.
They are not all beat down workouts that do nothing for you.
Here they emphasize understanding your body's work load and knowing how to operate at certain levels while creating torque in your movements.
DTP also added Coach Santana who not only is constantly learning about the body's physiology and teaching us why proper muscle engagement is necessary, but is always looking for ways to enhance the crossfit experience.
The last 15 min of the workouts are focused on stretching and is led by the director, Ali.
By stretching after every workout, my range of motion has improved and resulted in better performance.
Crossfit DTP has an app that allows you to check into a class which will prevent classes from getting too big.
The gym has the coolest t-shirts and the best team builders.
Each month we do a Carolina's Mexican food run where we take a break from working out and bond as a gym.
Soon we will start a movie night and be able to utilize the enormous gym space.
The location is great because it's right next to a public park.
Some of the most memorable WODs have been done here and doing WODs at the park is a great change up from your typical workout.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone who is new to crossfit and those who have been around a box for quite some time.

CrossFit DTP delivers everything that's great about CrossFit and avoids all of the pitfalls.
I am NOT your elite games-ready athlete, but like most people I want to be able to move better, feel stronger, and do all the fun stuff without worrying about weakness, injury or pain.
The fact that CrossFit DTP is *all* about helping you achieve what *you* want is one of the many fantastic things I love about this gym.
I know members who are training to compete, both at CrossFit and other professional sports, but the coaches and staff are just as invested in helping a layperson like me feel better and get fitter.
Head coach Tom invests himself in your success and approaches the programming intelligently and thoughtfully - get your position and movement in shape first, only then add in speed and load.
He's learned from some vicious injuries in the past, and you can feel that experience in the gym.
Plus he never misses an opportunity to get to know you better and offer a word of encouragement.
Our other coach Santana is always taking the extra time during classes to educate and enforce proper form, which everyone under the sun needs.
He offers a great balance of focus and fun to every workout.
Ali, the director at the gym, not only keeps the logistics of everything running smoothly, she's usually the commander of the stopwatch during post-workout stretching, which is *awesome*!
I think it's fantastic that they're taking the time to help us all improve our mobility, and when I have questions about what these stretches are supposed to be doing, she has answers.
It's obvious the entire staff is dedicated to lifelong education; aren't those the kind of people you want running the show?
The gym itself is sweet.
I know they have some big plans for enhancements, but it's already awesome.
Lots of space, great pull-up cage rig, good equipment, and sweet location (neighbors a police precinct station and a public park)!
Lastly, the culture of this place is ridiculously great.
All of the staff and members treat each other like extended family.
Coaches prompt introductions, workout mates cheer each other on, and the gym even goes on a monthly breakfast run (burrito consumption for time!
) - it's really an exceptional box.
Whether you're a CrossFit novice or a veteran, I know you'll be able to feel the camaraderie as soon as you arrive.
I can't recommend CrossFit DTP enough!

I have been CrossFitting for around three years now off-and-on in a few different cities and have come across the good and the bad gyms.
If you walk into any box in the country, you'll find a group of like-minded people who all want to better themselves in some way.
What you won't find at just any box, and what CrossFit DTP has to offer, is a friendly atmosphere, a variety of athletes (from those who just recently got themselves off the couch to those working their way towards some serious competition) and a coaching staff who listens and takes a personal vested interest in the goals and progress of each and every athlete.
I met Tom a few years ago while he was coaching at another local CrossFit gym.
I had just moved back from living in California for three years and found myself about 30 pounds heavier than my norm.
My confidence was low and while I was excited to make a change for the better, I was nervous.
From the start, Tom made me feel very comfortable.
He genuinely asked about my goals, fears and interests.
After that first class, he exchanged phone numbers with me and said to get in touch if I ever had any questions.
I remember thinking "yeah okay, nice gesture, but he won't remember this conversation in 30 minutes.
" The next day, I received a text from Tom checking in to see how I was feeling the day after my first workout back.
I made some great progress over the next year and started to set some new goals: I decided I wanted to compete in an Ironman triathlon.
I spent some time researching training options and local triathlon coaches and looped Tom in from the beginning.
He helped me look at all of my options without bias and even set up an informational meeting for me with a local CrossFit endurance coach, which he joined in on.
Ultimately, Tom offered to coach me through my training and I signed on as CrossFit DTP's first remote coaching client.
Tom jumped in headfirst from day one, providing me with weekly workouts, communicating regularly to stay in-tune with my progress and was always available.
He did hours of research, attended seminars and answered every question I had along the way with thought and care.
He was as invested in my goal as I was from week one of training through week 42.
Another key aspect of a gym is the community that is built there.
The DTP community is unlike any other.
While I was a remote coaching client (living in Denver), I still felt very much a part of the DTP community even though I wasn't physically there.
The support I received before, during and after my race from members of DTP was incredible: phone calls, emails, text messages and many even showed up on race day.
The CrossFit community is growing rapidly; boxes are popping up all over the place and they're filling up to capacity.
With all of this growth, I can see how it is easy for members to get lost in their gyms and for coaches to have a difficult time focusing on the individual safety and goals of each member.
While, I understand the difficulty, it's not something I'm willing to sacrifice on.
That individualized attention is the number one priority for Tom and the rest of the staff at CrossFit DTP, regardless of your goals.

Whenever I am in Phoenix I join my brother who is an avid crossfitter HERE.
Not intimidating- even for someone new to this, like me!
Trainers Tom and Santana make sure you are VERY safe- important with these workouts- and I always leave excited to come back again.
Also feeling like I got an amazing workout!!

I purchased a Groupon for CrossFit DTP, and I'm glad I did!!!
I've been in and out of the CrossFit community for a few years now, and I have to say that CrossFit is a way-of-exercise for me.
What I really like about CrossFit DTP is how friendly all the other people in class are.
It's a competitive environment but in a very supportive and encouraging way.
I've finished my 3rd group class at CrossFit DTP, and I feel I've already made some new friends.
The exercises are challenging but they won't kill you!
The coaching is great as I feel the emphasis is focused mostly on form and technique.
What I like about this particular CrossFit IS the attention to detail the coaching pays to every student in class.
CrossFit as we know has received a lot of negative attention in the press due to injury; however, I feel DTP's programming is structured to negate injury prone exercises.
I would highly recommend this box to the new student looking to try CrossFit or to a seasoned CrossFitter who just wants a great place to call home.
-Lindsey

I come from a fitness background and spent the year before joining Crossfit DTP with a personal trainer 4 days a week.
After just one open workwork with Crossfit DTP on a Saturday morning, I was completely hooked.
Not just on Crossfit, but on this particular gym.
The Coaches, Tom and Aly, are some of the most supportive I've met in the industry and come with a wealth of knowledge and infinite patience in training everyone from beginners to advanced atheletes.They make you feel welcomed and comfortable, even if crossfit is way out of your comfort zone.
This is not your average crossfit gym.
This is a place you can come every single day and work on your fitness goals, whatever they may be.
DTP offers crossfit workouts as well as customized work out options and nutritional counseling.
I think that the monthly membership price is very fair and certainly comparable to most other boxes in the area.
You get so so much more for your money though.
If the price and the expert coaching isn't good enough reason to give DTP a try, the community within the box certainly is.
While the skill level varies greatly, everyone is super down to earth and friendly.
Everyone offers encouraging words and high fives, everyone is there through your best workouts and the ones you struggle though.
Whatever your skill level is, you can come to DTP and get an awesome work out.
I love that I feel safe enough to push myself to do things I didn't think I could do athletically ever before.
Crossfit DTP offers an environment for anyone looking to better themselves.
Tom and Aly are excellent coaches who focus on doing things the RIGHT way, instead of just doing them any old way.
This prevents many of the typical crossfit injuries you hear so much about.
I trust these coaches to guide me and push me.
I couldn't ask for a better staff.
If you're looking for a challenge in a supportive arena, come play with us on a Saturday morning at 9am.
I promise it won't take long to get hooked.

DTP is the place to be.
I've been doing crossfit for two years and had to stop for a few months because I injured myself (NOT crossfit related btw).
I moved back from California to Arizona and was bored with the going to the regular gym and after I felt like my shoulder was semi-ready, I needed to find a CrossFit gym that would be willing to help me into transitioning back.
I hit up DTP on Facebook and they invited me in for a workout.
I couldn't believe how sweet and encouraging everyone was to me--both the coaches and it's members.
One thing I've learned about doing CrossFit is that you don't compete against others, you compete with yourself and the others are there to cheer you on to finish no matter how crucial the workout.
After my first workout, I knew I was in, just had to think about it.
The homie Tom (one of the coaches) reached out after about a month and asked if I was ready.
The fact that he was nice enough to reach back out and not forget about me showed that this was the place for me.
I've been at it for almost two months and I'm getting stronger than ever.
Ali is the bomb dot com, she'll get you in line which I definitely like, I don't want someone to just tell me what I wanna hear.
All in all even if your new to crossfit, DTP is THE place to start your journey!!!
You definitely will feel like you have another family when you come here!

I'm brand new to crossfit and have not worked out at a gym in almost 15years.
To say I was out of shape is an understatement.
I came into DTP with a lot of questions, confusion and self doubt on if I could even do this type of exercise..
I started out with coming to an open gym Saturday workout, which I loved.
I spoke to Tom (one of the coaches) about what I was hoping to accomplish with working out and we set up an assessment.
Ali (another coach) went through the assessment with me, talked about my goals and helped me figure out how best to reach them.
^ this was all 3 months ago..  Fast forward to today, and I couldn't be happier with my growth.
I've come a long way in a short amount of time with reaching my goals.. and setting new ones.
Ali, Tom and everyone else here are supportive, beginners and expert crossfiters alike.
The coaches really seem to care about everyone here and it shows through the work programs and the bonding relationships we have at the gym.
The culture here is such a huge part of why I love DTP and wouldn't work out anywhere else!

Growing up in a family of non-athletes, I was not pushed as a child to stick with sports or exercise.
I always was interested in fitness, however, and joined the crew team in high school for the competition and camaraderie.
I loved the experience, but had trouble in the years after high school finding a similar outlet for fitness, competition, and camaraderie.
After trying some resistance training on my own in the years following college, I heard about Crossfit through a good friend.
We are both teachers, and the sticker shock kept me away for a while.
I could see, however, how involved, by choice, my friend became, and noticed that her community in Phoenix quickly grew to include many Crossfit friends.
This past spring, I finally decided to give Crossfit a try.
From the first day I came to DTP, the coaches, Ali and Tom, and the other members I met instantly welcomed me.
For the first time since high school, I felt a sense of camaraderie through fitness.
I actually wanted and was motivated to come to the gym every day.
In spite of my inexperience, I was able to participate and excel in every WOD using scaled movements or lighter weights.
I was impressed by Tom and Ali's dedication to creating a program that was responsive to their athlete's specific strengths and weaknesses.
I felt myself getting stronger, faster than I had ever experienced before.
Crossfit and DTP allow athletes to continually work toward goals in a supportive environment.
Working out at DTP allowed me to follow a rigorous training program, while being guided by the expertise of its coaching staff.
I have found no other outlet that combines coaching and camaraderie the way Crossfit does.
Thank you, Tom and Ali!

