Related to da vang n phu thanh,,,  since phu thanh moved to peoria,  this place is def the best on the east side..

The spring rolls with BBQ pork are better than DaVang's.
Throw a little fish sauce in there and you're in heaven.
Expect a bit of a wait though.

Love this place.
So happy they are open.
Food is delicious and fresh.
Best of all the price is awesome.
I'm Asian and knows how to cook Pho and other viet food but for 2 people its easier to pay $5.50 and so on ...plus its really really yummy here.
If your looking for Real true viet food, this is to die for.

I like it, prices are cheap, but the quality is good.
They give good portions for what you pay for and the pho soup is great.
Me and my friends have been looking for a good play that is cheap and give good portions at the same time and only one other besides this is great, unfortunately that other store is close.
We were skeptical when we entered, but after eating we like it.
The only thing is that this place is closed every Tuesday and my friends and I usually meet up to eat and chat on that day.

I had fallen in Love with Phu Thanh unfortunately they moved to Peoria.
This place is basically the same, run by family.
Not too far from where the other placed was.
The food is fresh and inexpensive and very healthy too.
Please give this place a try, the Spring Rolls are perfect.

I recommend you guys should not come to this restaurant because the food contains a lot of MSG.
I got headache and felt thirsty every time I came here.
If you care for your health, you should not eat here because MSG is very bad for your health.

Pho Ga was excellent; large portions, great flavor, plenty of add-ins (Thai basil, sprouts, jalapeno, lime).
Spring rolls were freshly made, large, and served with awesome fish sauce.
Price is about the lowest in the east valley.
Given that, I didn't expect the quality of the food to be this good.
Pleasant surprise!
Food was excellent!!
The only negative I can say is about the soda....ordered a diet coke and they served a can with a glass of ice, so no refills.
But the food was so good that we'll definitely be regulars.

This is the best Vietnamese food in the city!
Definitley a hiden jewel.
My family even came here two nights in a row when we first discovered it!!
The pho is absolutley fantastic, probably the best I've ever had.
The menu also has many other Vietnamese foods which is a pleasant change from some of our other pho places.
It is all fresh (NO msg) It's also really cheap ($5 ish for a bowl of pho and other soups) or at least cheaper than some other pho places in the valley.
Seriously though, if you love pho, I would definitely check this place out!!
It really should get 4 stars, but the pho is THAT good.
It should get 4 stars because it takes a while to get your food, and the surface isn't the best.
Also, the decor is a little random, so it's not really somewhere to go on a date.
And, the first time we went it took 30 minutes to get our food.
However, the staff were very kind and apologized

I've had two very different experiences with food here.
The first time, I got a pho, com tam, and a bun (a noodle soup, rice dish, and a noodle bowl) which were all great.
The second time, I got wonton and bunreu, and both soups were just not very good.
Something didn't taste right with the soup bases.
All soups come with a side dish of raw bean sprouts, herbs (specific to the soup), lime, and jalapenos.
The veggies were all very fresh and nicely cleaned.

Pho thuan thanh or Da Vang 2 as many call it named as such as it is the second shop after its older brother Da Vang located in Phoenix.
A family owned and run business the atmosphere is always bustling as patrons both new and many many long time customers shuffle in and out enjoying the delicious authentic Vietnamese cuisine.
Now a days where there seems to be a pho shop in every corner it is hard to find one that really serves authentic cuisine with a family feel environment.
Pho thuan thanh is exactly that and the only pho shop you will find that serves my all time favorite Mi sui Cao.
Delicious!!!!
My family have been going to Da Vang in Phoenix for the last 12 Years and it's so nice to have a shop of theirs in the East Valley.
It is truly a hidden secret.

recommend you guys should not come to this restaurant because the food contains a lot of MSG.
I got headache and felt thirsty every time I came here.
If you care for your health, you should not eat here because MSG is very bad for your health.

Call me a traitor.
But for those that loved phu thanh in mesa, before they closed down, this place is IDENTICAL as far as quality and price for food.
I used to drive to peoria for phu thanh, but I think I found my spot!!
This place looks exactly like the ones in cali, all those upscale pho places are pretty shitty, over priced, and watered down pho.
The pho at this place is by far the best broth ever!

Located in an old small strip mall the ambiance is nothing to write home about but I'm here for the pho so it quickly fades when walking in and seeing the place full with a hungry belly.
I ordered up  the 1b (extra large pho with the gamut of meat, beef, tripe, tendon)and the bbq pork bun mi.
YES and YES, thank you!
The bowl was huge and the broth was hot with deep flavors you only get from a well maintained stock.
Of course it came with the usual suspects, basil, jalapeño and bean sprouts.
You also find plenty of noodles at the bottom.
I want to go back tomorrow and the next day and the next day.
The bun mi was exactly was I was craving...for 2.75 you get your money's worth and then some.
The bbq pork was marinated with perfect balance.
The sweetness and char is to die for.
I'm glad I found a new spot to come to when I'm in Mesa.

It's located in a tiny plaza that's a little difficult to find, but I'm not complaining because it's the cheapest pho I've ever had!
It's $5.50 for a regular sized bowl, and it comes with all the regular fixings!
The portions are really big (especially for the XL size which is only $7) and the broth is tasty.
Another reason I'm a fan: They have an option that only includes rare steak and tripe in your pho.
(3D) Considering I'm a huge fan of tripe but not the other additional pho meats, it's the perfect option for me!
Also tried their spring rolls, which were $2.00 for an order of 2.
Amazing how cheap it is, given that the quality is on par with what you would expect form a fancier establishment.
Overall, it's a no-frills restaurant that serves up good pho at extremely low prices!

Their original location on Southern and Extension (http://www.yelp.com/biz/phu-thanh-mesa)  is now closed due to a tragic incident that happened back in March 2013 -  an employee was shot by her husband then he shot himself inside the restaurant.
It was on the news: (http://www.abc15.com/dpp...)  Anyways, this location is owned by one of the brothers and it's just as good as the old location.
Be sure to order their Pho #22 with rice noodle.
They use quality meat and you wont find anything weird like fish eyeballs in your soup.
It consists of quality thin beef strips, fish meatball (don't let this freak you out...its good), pork wonton, shrimp, crab & squid.
My other favorite is their fresh spring rolls (not fried) that come with Hoisen & Peanut sauce...super cheap & healthy.
They also have another location owned by their sister.
It's located on 19th Ave & Camelback (http://www.yelp.com/biz/...)

Super cheap and super tasty.
Long time pho eater.
One of the the best Vietnamese joints ever.
Very fast service.
Bowl of pho $6 and pork chop dish for $5.
Highly recommend this place.

Good pho soup.
The menu has a huge variety other than pho.
It's inexpensive.
The service was fast and friendly.
Only thing that could be better was the cleanliness of the restaurant.

It was my first time here.
Read the Yelp reviews so I wanted to try it.
First of all, the service was horrible.
No one acknowledged us when we came in; the restaurant was not busy at that time.
After waiting for more than 5 minutes, we had to flag down a waiter for the menu.
After we ordered, I asked for spoons/forks for my children and the waiter told me it's behind me and told me to go get it myself.
I was shocked by that, but got up and got them for my kids.
We ordered "Pho Dat Biet.
"  The price and portion was great, but the broth was tasteless.
I have tasted many phos in my lifetime, and never has had one so tasteless before.
We also had, "Mi xao.
The mi was flavorful, but the vegetables were tasteless and there was not much meat/seafood in there at all (2 shrimps, 2 rings of calamari and about 4 imitation crab pieces).
I have never had one with so little meat before.
In addition, the "Banh mi thit nguoi" was the worst I've had - there was hardly much meat and there was too much pepper - not too flavorful at all.
Furthermore, the "Com chien tom" hardly had any shrimp in it, even though there was plenty of rice.
The chef must have forgotten to add spices to our food during this day, as my experience seems to be in the minority here.
It is definitely not a place I would visit again - even though the price and portion is good, the service and food was awful.

Great flavor, I got the #1, the works pho.
Only paid $5.50!
So my wallet had a good time as well.
Service was good, they left me alone and let me enjoy but were constantly glancing over to see if I was doing fine, what more can a single diner need?
Overall, cheap, tasty, extremely satisfying portion.
I am now a returning guest!
Hope to bring my friends and family in as well!

$5.25 for a huge bowl of pho!
$2 for spring roll appetizers!
The prices can't be beat here, nor can the huge portions.
The menu carries a wide range of dishes, from soups, to rice plates, to banh mi sandwiches.
We started with the spring rolls.
They were crispy, nicely fried, with a delectable mixture of veggies, ground pork, and shrimp.
We each got a sizable portion of dipping sauce to go with the rolls, which I appreciated.
We also got the pho ga, and the #59 rice porridge (Mixed meats- squid, shrimp, fish meatball, pork, and imitation crab).
The pho ga had a sizable portion of chicken and noodles, and came with a heaping platter of bean sprouts, greens, and limes on the side.
The broth was very light tasting compared to other restaurants.
The rice porridge was nicely seasoned, but also a "lighter" type of rice porridge, with more liquid and less rice than I usually see at similar restaurants.
There were about 2 pieces each of shrimp and squid, a few pieces of imitation crab, and some scattered slices of pork in the mixture.
I also ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee.
It took a long time for all the coffee to drip down into the glass, but once it was ready, it was a thick potent concoction, strong, smooth, and sweet.
Service was very basic.
Aside from taking the order and bringing out food and drinks, we didn't really have anyone check up on us.
I had to grab my own straw from the packaging table, and grab my own to-go container to package up my leftover rice porridge.
We paid for our bill at the cashier's table.
Overall, I enjoyed the food, and I'd definitely come here again to try more of the items on the menu.

My boyfriend and I are on the hunt for a go to pho place, this one comes in pretty close.
We got the eggrolls, pho tai, and pork chop rice.
All of which reminds us of the LA style vietnamese food we crave from home.
The only thing about this place is you can totally taste the MSG.. the pho is a bit salty but seriously you can fix it with just adding water to your taste.
The pork chop was so tender and egg rolls super tasty.
It is in a more sketchy area than others but as LA natives.. not phased much.
I have yet to try the Pho Ga.  We did order this togo.. waiting to go try it at the resturant it self!

I was a regular at the old location on Southern and Extension and I was totally heart broken when I drove by and saw it was closed down.
Then a friend of mine excitedly let me know that they opened at this new location!!!
YAY!
I went right away and it was spot on just like at the last location.
LOVE the egg rolls, and they always include the mint :) Also had pho and it was tasty and perfect.
LOVE THIS PLACE!

I discovered Pho (check Wiki) 25 years ago when I was living in Honolulu.
I later moved to  L.A., NYC,  & San Diego, always finding "my style" of Pho after a short search.
While Pho styles are very personal, what's even more important is day to day consistency.
The best places are all about the food, don't get turned off by the ambiance.
To say I have been lost since Phu Thanh on Southern Ave closed down last year is an understatement.
I wandered around the East Valley checking every Pho restaurant for a new place to get my fix.
All in vain!
Well thank goodness Pho Thuan Thanh opened, hiding behind a Domino's on the SW Corner of Broadway and Dobson.
There are 11 brothers and sisters in Thanh family, the #7 son ran the Southern location (now at the Peoria location) The #6 sister is the chef at this new Dobson location.
Dare I say everything tastes about one star better.
While Pho is great place to start your adventure with Vietnamese food, its just the tip of the iceberg, the vast menu at Pho Thanh will open a whole new world of culinary exploration.
Tip in ... and dig on in ...................   Pho-licious!

NEGLECTFUL... one of the worst dining experience I have had.
We came here by recommendation of a "friend.
" Friend is in quotations because it was one of the worse dining experiences, and it was so bad that I wouldn't even recommend it to an enemy.
I came with two Vietnamese people who were craving a particular dish that they wanted to introduce to me.
My friend called ahead and said they had this particular dish, but when we arrived, they said they didn't have it because they were out of vinegar.
Okay, So not big of a deal, they were out of vinegar, it can happen.
So the server suggested like a grilled version that you grill at the table.
We also ordered two bowls of pho with that.
After about ten minutes.
The guy brought out the grill and the plate of uncooked meat and the rice paper skins and veggies.
And... That was pretty much it for almost 20 minutes.
We watched the other tables around us eat and leave and My friends were getting very annoyed and we were all pretty hungry.
So I made one last attempt and personally walked up to the server and said we're missing the two pho, the grill is not on, and were missing a bowl of water to wet the rice paper.
He came out with the water and we continued to wait for the pho.
Once the pho came, it wasn't even that delicious or flavorful as I had at other pho places.
My friends agreed.
So, in summary, the food isn't worth the poor service and long wait.

Did not know this place was here.
Actually ran into one of the workers picking up some ingredients at Mekong market and he ask me to come check them out.
Who doesn't like a tasty bowl of number one to get the blood moving.
Located in a tiny strip mall with a serious no frills setting and decor.
Inside is large and very basic with several tables to enjoy your meal.
Each table comes with all the standard Vietnamese sauces or condiments.
Nice!
Been here a few times and normally go with one of their soups and maybe an appetizer.
The menu here is rather large with a good variety of different items.
Always see a lot of the local Vietnamese foodies coming in and chowing down on some of their favorites.
Usually get here early for lunch.
On many occasions the place looked like it was not cleaned the night before or maybe after the morning crowd and several tables are still not ready or set up for service.
Hmmm?
Food is rather good and the prices cannot be beat.
Just try and pretend you are on a top secret mission and maybe give them a chance to clean up before you get there.
It can be hard to enjoy your meal when there is a vibe of panic in the air with them trying to get the place ready.
Definitely recommend checking them out.
Service is probably the area they should focus on to improve the overall eating experience.
A-OK and then SOME!
3.5 STARS

Great pho!
I had the beef.
It was nothing but perfect!
The Resturant was clean and service was awesome!
I would definitely go back.

Finally!
A pho place worthy of replacing Phu Thanh!
The service was okay (does anyone still expect good service from pho places?
) but the food makes up for it.
The prices were reasonable (dare I say, cheap).
We went there strictly to try the pho, and it didn't disappoint.

I first came here about 7 months ago because I heard that the owner of this place was a brother to the owner of the now closed Phu Thanh Restaurant.
(A couple of their cooks transferred over from Phu Thanh actually.
)  Since then, I've been here about 4-5 times a month.
In my opinion, they're one of the better Vietnamese restaurants in the valley.
Their services has gotten a lot better, they're much faster now, and the interior have also improved quite a bit since they first opened.
Because I love Vietnamese food oh so much, I typically order different items on their menu to satisfy my cravings.
Some dishes are good, like their #21-hoanh thanh soup and their #34-bun thit nuong, some are OK.
I guess you'll just have to go there and give them a try.

I'm not sure how this place got a 4 star.
I'm very picky when it comes to pho.
Maybe that's the Viet in me or the fact that nothing compares to my mom's pho.
This place has horrible service.
Which is unfortunate since the food is pretty decent.
It took us 20+ minutes just to get some water and menus.
When we got our menus they wanted to take our orders right away, on the spot.
Um can I look at my menu first?
I ordered the rice with BBQ pork.
So com suon nuong.
Yummy.
My family ordered pho.
By the time they got their dishes I was already done with mine.
My Thai tea had more ice in it than actual Thai tea.
If it wasn't for my family I'd never come back here.

Pregnancy cravings!
Relatives of my fave pho place Phu Thanh (now located at the LeeLee's on the West side).
The menu is a bit different as their style, but I'm enjoyable working thru the menu...  my go to Vietnamese place when the need for more light and healthful hits!

The mother wanted some vietnamese food,  specifically this sweet and sour soup and clay pot fish ( canh chua and ca kho ) so we gave this place a try and was a huge disappointment.
When I first walked in, the smell of the place already threw me off.
Even at a bad vietnamese restaurant, you get the delicious pho smell but not here, no delicious smell to match the not so delicious food.
Anyways we also ordered eggrolls and it only came as 2 in an order and the fresh vegetables that came with it wasn't so fresh.
The dipping sauce was on the salty side so was the soup that we ordered so I'm guessing it's a theme.
We barely ate the clay pot fish since there was nothing special about it.
In the end, definitely not worth the 35 dollars spent there.

it's just ok ,  wait so long

I came here to get some Pho Ga.
I have only had Pho a handful of times before this visit, and I wanted to get another taste before a trip to Vietnam.
One thing I really like about this restaurant is that the attention to customers seems to be important here.
Many Asian places don't seem to place a lot of interest on customer service, but I felt that we were well taken care of here.
I am seeing some of the reviews of bad customer service, but I had good one.
The taste was pretty good as I felt nice and warm afterwards.

