Been meaning to do this review for a while.
This will be short and sweet as the place is TINY and not very complicated in terms of menu and such.
Ok , I was looking for a bite to eat one day before class and had walked past this place a million times and finally I went in.
Mexican food that reminds me of America is hard to come by here so i wasn't expecting much.
But I was pleasantly surprised when I eat here.
Basically you choose what you want in your burrito or whatever , they make it, you eat it.
Nice an simple.
I had chicken burrito with the works.
They even threw guacamole and sour cream in for no extra charge.
Was quite pleased with this burrito as it reminded me of street food vendors in California.
Food was not the best I ever had but was still tasty.
Prices I felt were a bit steep for a single burrito.
But otherwise bueno and I will stop in again when I am hungry and on a time crunch.
Place is A-ok in my book.

As a native Southern Californian, I've missed good quality Mexican food.
This place does not disappoint.
Had the pork burritos with everything on it and thought it was excellent.
Regular size is quite filing too.
Would have been even better if they had proper corn tortillas!

Better than other Mexican food I've had in Edinburgh.
I got two tacos, and I enjoyed them both.
Especially with the avocado sauce- it perhaps singly made the tacos jump from eh to ah!
It's a small place, no atmosphere, and the two guys were speaking another language which makes me a bit uncomfortable.
I can't get food to go, because I have no where to go with the food- I live far away, and a park bench is not always inviting.
I might return and scarf some tacos, but I won't hang around.
Now, I'm on the hunt for a great taco in a cool joint.
Anyone......

Menu is good, simple but lots of choice - user friendly.
Prices are fair.
Floor of the building is slanted making all benches and tables wobbly.
Staff weren't great, infact one was so hungover they had to leave to vomit whilst serving a customer.
Unacceptable.
Also the butternut squash in the veggie taco was totally raw.
Has potential to be decent but obviously on this day noone was taking their role too seriously.

