This place is awesome, I love this place because it is family run, they operate the market with good old fashion values and service.
I will always support you as long as you have the Boars Head brand.

Awesome!
So lovely and a great find right downtown!

Put me in a Whole Foods and I'm buying $200 worth of food I'll never eat.
Bring me to WCM hungry and I walk out $20 later with everything I need, not anything more (OK, fine I bought some stuffed peppers that weren't necessary).
There's the perfect store for everybody and I think this one might just be for me.
Beer selection?
Solid.
Liquor/wine?
Yes AND a tasting area.
Deli section...all boars head.
It's def a NY thing, but I love Boars Head anything.
Fresh pastas, small organic veggie isle, kombucha, lots of cheeses and sammies to go.
That's it and that's all I need.
I'm not gonna 5-star this puppy yet bc I need to try some of the other foods they have (deli, freshly prepared stuff), but for my small grocery shopping needs this place fits the bill perfectly.
Anyone living downtown should stop by!

I finally made it down to grab a sandwich.
What a great sandwich!!
I had the turkey and bacon, with vinegar dressing.
I will have to make this on my weekly rotation now for places to eat.
The sandwich is so big you could eat half for lunch and the rest for dinner.

Ok. Getting over the exciting fact of finding a place where I can pick up some groceries on my way home from the strip, I have to post an update after a few more visits to WCM.
It's, well, not that great.
There's one aisle that still has empty shelves, the peppers were soft and approaching their death beds (in fact, most of the produce was iffy), the cereal I bought was easily $2-3 more than a similar cereal at TJ's.
I still love the expansive Boars Head aisle, but it's gonna take more than packaged processed meats to keep me coming back here.
Not to call anyone out, but don't believe the pics posted about the veggie section.
Most of those items are not there.
And this isn't to bash a biz, especially one that treats locals well, but let's be honest in our pics and reviews.
There's a lot of promise here, but for now, WCM is still half bodega, half organic market (will a killer beer aisle).

Had a chance to stop by the White Cross Market on my way home from work.
The deli is exceptional.
I had a pastrami and melted mozzarella sandwich.... there are reasons why I always order the same thing!
It was delicious and I would definitely return to eat the same thing.
There are a lot of items to be purchased in the supermarket, perfect for a stop before a picnic.
I did buy a pint of Ben and Jerry's that ended up being over frozen and lost it's creamy texture so I threw it out.
I felt a little uncomfortable visiting the location at such a late hour by myself, but it won't stop me from coming back.

To start off this is a review of the deli section that relates to the preparation of sandwiches and not of the entire market.
The staff is friendly and takes their time in the preparation of your sandwich.
The sandwiches range in price, but most are $8.99.
They are well worth it.
The product used to make the sandwiches is Boar's Head and is of an excellent quality.
Sandwich size is on the HUGE side, so bring an appetite.
Bonuses for getting a sandwich here are that the market offers a 10% discount for locals and has a sandwich club (buy ten and the 11th is free).
After having tried the Royal Flush on my first visit I was hooked.
Subsequently I have also had the Oscar and one of their sandwich specials (Turkey, Roast Beef, Swiss, Cole Slaw and Russian dressing on Sour Dough) with my expectations exceeded.
I have yet to stay and eat in the market, but they do provide bar stools at their liquor counter close to the entrance to Tiffany's.
All in all this is must in the work week lunch rotation.

A wonderful delicatessen.
Just finished the  #9 Oscars and I am happy and stuffed.
The place is clean, well organized with decent liquor selection and regular grocery store items.
Well worth the stop.
I am Brooklyn raised, thanks for a taste of home.

Ordered meat and cheese platters for a party.
Got a delicious Italian tray and a tray with turkey and pastrami.
Both were great, and there was plenty of food for a lot of people.

This place is old school.
Been around for such a long time.
I go in here for some sandwiches  from their deli.
The Royal Flush is the best hands down.
They have like 12 other selections to choose or build your own...either way it's great.
While I wait for my sandwich I check out their beer selection, it's not the normal boring crap.
If you don't want to wait for the grub call ahead, or have it delivered.

This little market has a little bit of everything.
A deli, fresh produce, liquor and some slots.
The fruit isn't always the freshest, it's a hit or miss each visit.
Its perfect if you're staying at the north end of the strip, it's close to pick up some quick groceries

They have a little of everything.
Kinda the place you pick something up if you need it for a meal but it's very small to do your weekly shopping at.
Prices are a little high in my eyes & the produce isn't very fresh.
They have good prices on smokes & booze.

The sandwiches are amazing.
Omg, beer sampling.
This place has a huge beer selection, but you've heard all that before.
What you may not know is the hummus from the deli is AMAZING it's homemade by Jimmy's (?
) mom.
It's lemony and garlicky, pure heaven.
Don't forget to ask for the local discount upon check out.

10% locals discount and a few products that stand out: kombucha; humane, grass-fed beef; amazing home made hummus at the deli; a great chips selection; and a limited but sometimes decent produce selection.
And lots and lots of booze.
Booze galore.
And a few gaming machines to legitimize their Vegas operation.
The prices are too high for food, but I wouldn't let it deter you.
It's hard for local stores to compete, but occasionally it feels like gouging, even with the discount.
It's just not a place to do your weekly grocery shopping at.
It's not Trader Joe's or Vons.
It's more of a "get a few good things and cover your eyes at the register while swiping your card" type of place.

Excellent beer selection - Belgian & IPAs.
Talk to Jimmy for recommendations, he knows his stuff!

Called in ahead to see if they had a beer that I can't get in California.
They did.
Owners and employees were pleasant and helpful.
Will go back for sure next time I'm in town.
They also have a deli inside but I didn't sample that.

