Don't even deserve a star because they don't use Heinz ketchup.
Got three burgers with bacon and an order of fries for $43.
Burgers were good, fries very average, but then u try to give me Hunt's as ketchup?
For as much money you charge for your food, spending an extra $1 on a case of 1000 packets of REAL ketchup should me a no brainer.
Why would I spend $12 on a hamburger only to ruin it by putting Hunt's on it?
Just another case of people not knowing what good food is out west.

Awesome.
The bread of the burger is fantastic.
The sweet potato fries are fresh.
And the Hunts ketchup is better than heinz.
Plus hunts steam peel their tomatoes instead of chemical peel them!

I was in a rush to get to my next flight.
Would it be worth it to step into this giant line?
The foodie in me could not resist in the end... i stepped into the line.
I only had 20 minutes before the plane was boarding.
LUCKILY it was right next to my gate.
As I was sitting in line, I noticed there was an order kiosk that nobody was using.
I know- these things are slightly sinister in that they replace people with machines... but man i was late.
So i punched in my order.
Took about 15 minutes for the food to come out.
BUT WOW.
what a gargantuan burger.
It was wrapped in foil and looked a little bigger than a softball.
It was huge, with really nice bread.
Great bacon.
Cheesy.
Messy.
AND FRIENDS.
I ate it in 4 minutes.
It was the most euphoric 4 minute in an airport that I have had.
Also... uh.
Are the two other reviewers really arguing about the type of ketchups?
What about the burger?
And why would you need to add ketchup to the master piece of a burger they give you?
Make sure to get a lot of napkins.
You will need them.

Fries are decent amount and a good price but I wouldn't get the double burger that I got for 11.50.
I work at the airport so no discount either.
Overall I just wanted to try, I rate 3 stars!
it okay the bun was good the beef was really tasty tho.
Quality was okay.
Order took 10 minutes and I ordered from the kiosk.

I was impressed that this small restaurant, located in an airport, was so good.
Food, service and all.
Generous portion, and my server boxed the appropriate leftovers for me to take on the plane, where jealous passengers lusted after them while munching on dry roasted peanuts!

Great tasting sweet potato fries.
Music is way too loud.
Burger is large but very greasy.
Bun was greasy, and double patty fat had soaked into bun.
Way over priced at $11.50.
Next time it's McDonalds!

I have to echo what Jason M said 29 days ago.
Sweet potato fries tasted great.
My burger bun was greasy and the cash register  girl asked me twice if I wanted whip creme and a cherry on my malt.
I said no twice and guess what.
Yep.
Still got whip creme and a cherry.
The service was quick but the overall dining experience was not worth $23.07.

The double cheeseburger was very tasty.
..almost worth the $12 it cost.
It was the perfect snack to share with my little one after our bumpy flight from Ontario.

Slow and super expensive, even for the airport.
$8 for hotdog, $11 for a burger and fries are an extra $3.
Took 10 minutes to get my food and there wasn't even a line.

