After I searching tons of window washing companies, I decided to give streak patrol a shot, not only the owner AJ impressed me over the phone, I was even more thrilled after they cleaned my windows.
Not only they did a great job , they are also super reasonable.
I live in Phoenix, they even came all the way to my house without any extra charge.
Streak patrol rocks !!
I will highly recommend to anyone out there need their window cleaned.
Streak patrol is the best window washing!

AJ and his crew are extremely professional and efficient.
I manage Liberty Market in Downtown Gilbert and we use Streak Patrol for all of our window cleaning as well as pressure washing.
Their prices are competitive and the service is stellar.
I would highly recommend using Streak Patrol for any residential or commercial property.
Keep up the good work AJ!

AJ from Streak Patrol came and cleaned our windows inside and out.
We found AJ to be a very honest, hardworking guy.
Very pleasant to deal with.
His prices are more then reasonable!!
His showed up early for the job and worked nonstop until the work was done.
Our windows look awesome!!
We were so pleased with his work we had AJ set us up on a quarterly schedule!
Thank you, AJ!!

I had all my windows washed today & AJ did a wonderful job!
He took the time to make sure everything looked perfect before he left.
There were even stubborn water spots that had been on one window for years that previous professionals had told me wouldn't come off - but he got them off & the window is sparkling clean!
He was very professional, showed up on time & was respectful of our home.
I would use this company again for sure!

I found Streak Patrol using Yelp.
I called AJ, and he came that day to give me a reasonable price quote.
He was professional and patient in answering my questions.
Come cleaning day, I knew the windows and screens would look good, but I was amazed.
I am the third owner of my house, and the windows and screens were never cleaned previously.
That's 11 years of dirt and grime built up, and AJ and his crew made them look brand new.

