The owners are super sweet and they make sure that your experience is as pleasant as possible!
The food is really good, I had the yellow curry and although I dislike spicy food, this was good enough for me to keep eating while not worrying about burning my mouth off.
It was made so you can enjoy the taste with the slight spice in it.
The owner checked up on me and he was very humorous, try talking to him if you get the chance.
Check this place out, it'll be worth it with the cheap prices too.

Ignore the 2 star review - he must be looking for greasy MSG NYC Chinese.
He tried the orange chicken lunch special and uses that to rate the whole restaurant?
This is a healthier Chinese fusion restaurant with fresh, clean flavors and quality ingredients.
The chefs are good - they don't overcook my shrimp, which is one big benchmark I use when rating any asian restaurant.
Also, you don't get little bay shrimp which is a hallmark of a sketchy Chinese restaurant.
If you aren't craving chinese, don't worry, there are other pan asian dishes.
The yellow curry and pad thai are solid.
The produce at Wok Up is fresh, and they don't over-sweeten, over-fatten, or over-season their sauces.
It is EXACTLY the kind of easy going, fresh asian bistro type of place N.Gilbert has been missing.
I'd like to see some non-fried, soft tofu - in fairness I haven't asked for it, so perhaps they have it - but I'll bet the owner/manager is receptive when I do next time I am in.
He's a very affable fellow.
The spicy food is not 'ethnically' spicy, but could more appropriately be considered 'Vermont spicy.

Food was good had yellow curry and pad Thai.
Service was good also.
Two entrees and drinks with refills to go all under 20$

First time there last weekend.
Let me start by saying many chinese places have shot their prices through the roof but wok up still has reasonable prices.
Clean place with decent service.
Food was good and we will be ordering from them again.
They even deliver in the immediate area.
Take out was booming on the friday night we were there.
Great neighborhood place !

I had been jonesing for some good Chinese food and I found this restaurant on the Eat24 app.
I ordered and waited over an hour and got no nothing, no call, no visit, nothing.
By the time I figured out they weren't coming the place was closed.
So I decided to stop in the next afternoon (since my card had been charged).
I talked to the sweet (and cute) manager on Jordan and it looks like it was app error vs theirs.
They filled my order with no problems and even threw in a drink and some wonton chips.
I ordered the coconut soup, the chicken lettuce wraps and the wontons.
The coconut soup is really delicious and they put in some good sized shrimp in there; the lettuce wraps were my favorite (they came w/ hoisin sauce).
The wontons were good as well, a little heavy on the breading but not bad at all.
I was very pleasantly surprised at how good this place was and how reasonable the prices were.
I will definitely be ordering from this place again- though next time I won't be using the Eat24 app.

I wish yelp can give 4.5 stars because of the location of this is like a scavenger hunt.
It is a bit hard to find because it is hiding in an empty mall lot but it is most definitely worth the hunt.
This restaurant has some unique items on their menu that you can't find in most Chinese restaurants.
For example, I had the coconut soup and the spiciness was the right amount of spiciness in it.
It wasn't too overboard and it wasn't too mild.
I've heard the crab puffs were extremely delicious from my friends, and MAN it's true.
The spicy lettuce wraps had good flavors, the mix of the chicken and bellpeppers all intermingled in the right way.
However, it was a bit too spicy for my taste so I had to drown several glasses of water because of it.
The restaurant itself is a cute, clean place with great service and an all around great atmosphere.

Order this through Eat24, food was good, order chow fun.
(Chow me in but with flat noodles) it was good!
Even though they forgot my second order, they were polite and friendly.

Great food.
Nice and hot.
I'm a very picky eatter and they followed directions to a "T."  Called in order and was ready in 10 minutes.
I can't even say that I want to find another fast food Chinese food location to eat at.
Not to mention, there are other fast food locations nearby for my kids who don't like Chinese food, lol.
Very convenient!

Pretty good my lady and I have tried all the places around val vista lakes area and decided to give them a shot.
Very good and not bad in priced.
Will go back again.
Had the orange chicken and egg rolls great flavor.

Wonton soup was great but the teriyaki chicken was very dry and if anything tasted old delivery took a good amount of time as well

Just remembered this place because of the cute name and finally stopped in one afternoon for lunch and am so glad I did.
Nice modern decor for a Chinese take out place and clean comfortable atmosphere made me almost want to eat in.
Customer service was great- very friendly and he offered to substitute the salad for an egg roll (small but tasty- and had  some chicken so not all cabbage).
Prices are around $6 for lunch and they offer a varied menu from Mongolian Beef to Red Curry.
Food was all very fresh.
I had the Shrimp Pad Thai- plenty spicy and the shrimp were cooked perfectly- not overdone like so many other places.
Crab puffs were a little too sweet and not as light and flaky as I prefer but at least they actually had some imitation crab and weren't straight cream cheese.
I'll definitely be back.
*Manager said they deliver locally so I'll have to try that out too when I'm stuck at work.

Really impressed, for many reasons.
They we're open when a mid Sunday afternoon Chinese food craving hit.
They delivered super fast.
Guy answering the phone was easy to communicate with and accurately accepted my order.
4.the food is delicious which should be # 5 & 6..
It's my ONLY delivery spot now I will be back.. Best general Tao chicken EVER.

We did take out.
We had the beef and broccoli, it was really good.
The sweet and sour chicken, really good.
The orange chicken, I won't order that again.
Crab puffs, best have had.
Pork pot stickers, okay.
Over all it was a good meal, we will eat there again.
The employee was really nice.
We did our order on line through Yelp.
It was easy and quick.

I came to Wok Up back in November when I visiting my relatives for Thanksgiving, but never got a chance to write a review.
I was recommended to Wok Up by a relative of mine when I said I wanted some authentic Chinese food.
This place did not disappoint!
Customer Service (5 stars) The customer service here is great, the waiters are very attentive and very sweet.
I had trouble deciding on what to order, which means I was staring at the menu for quite some time.
The waiter was very patient with me and even recommended me their popular dishes!
Food (5 stars) I had the spicy coconut soup.
I was very hesitant in ordering this since I can't handle extremely spicy food, but this was not that spicy at all!
It was spicy enough to taste but not too overpowering.
I would highly recommending this especially on a cold night.
The beef broccoli was so delicious!
There were perfect amount of sauce to have the perfect flavor.
The beef was cooked just right, it was not overcooked unlike the other Chinese restaurants around the area.
The food portion is decent especially for the low price!
Everything I ordered tasted authentic and delicious!
Parking (5 stars)  This restaurant is in a plaza, so there's plenty of parking spaces!
Overall (5 stars) I will definitely come back to Wok Up when I'm in town again.
The food is comparable to the food in LA!
I would highly recommend this restaurant.
They also do delivery and take-out, so that's a plus.

It was alright.
Nothing special.
Pretty average.
Food arrived lukewarm, had to heat it up for a bit.
Way too much onion for the teriyaki entree.
The chicken was very good quality though.

Shrimp fried rice, horrible!
Egg rolls on the other hand were delicious.
Heads up, extra spicy means nothing this place.

Really good Asian food.
Haven't had authentic like this since I've moved to Arizona.
Would definitely recommend

I eat here all the time.
The food here is great stuff; It will knock your socks off.
It's a little bit pricey, but if you want top quality (which this place delivers), you've got to pay for it.
For them that don't know, the Wok Up serves mostly Chinese food with a few Thai and Indian dishes thrown in for variety.
My own personal favorites are the kung pao shrimp and the General Tso's chicken, which are both to die for.
The orange chicken is great, too.
Though almost every dish I've tried here has been excellent (and I've tried a lot of them) the pot stickers, strangely, were the absolute worst I've ever had: they were soggy with grease, utterly flavorless and tasted like eating Styrofoam.
For that I'm knocking off one star.
I also didn't like the Thai curries here, but that probably has a lot more to do with me not liking Thai curries in general than it does with Wok Up's execution of those dishes, so I'm not going to dock any stars for that.
In short, if you eat here, just stay away from the pot stickers and you really can't go wrong.
ETA: I forgot to mention that as long as you live reasonably close to the restaurant, they will deliver for a small fee.
So now you have even less excuse to not give it a try.

We finally decided to try this place out yesterday and I'm glad we did!
I had ordered the orange chicken and my boyfriend ordered the teriyaki chicken and we also ordered the crab puffs as an appetizer.
The food was all very good!
I actually really enjoyed my boyfriends teriyaki chicken.
I will definitely get that next time we go.
The crab puffs were very tasty.
We also didn't have to wait very long for anything we had ordered.
The staff was very friendly and attentive.
They were on top of getting our drinks refilled and they would sop by to make sure everything was well.
The restaurant was very clean looking.
The only thing that was weird was the decor.
The front desk area looked really nice and the rest of the place kinda looked like it was unfinished.
I will definitely be back to this place.
I think next time I will try their delivery service.
I'm glad I've found a good Chinese food restaurant so close to my house!

Housesitting a foodless house in Gilbert; too hot to leave the house in search of food.
Found Wok Up on Yelp.
The online ordering interface is the easiest I've ever used, and they even accept PayPal.
Cashew Chicken, Pad Thai, egg rolls and summer rolls-- all delicious, and delivered lightning-fast.
Friendly delivery.
Wish they had this in Tucson.

We used GrubHub.com to place our order and it was so easy.
The food arrived in under the time promised and our delivery driver was very friendly.
All of our special requests were fulfilled and the portions were generous!
Very delicious!
I had the lettuce wraps and my husband and son ate teriyaki chicken, one with fried rice and one with white.
We also ordered a side of crab puffs.
We were provided with ample sauces and fortune cookies, too.
Plenty left over for dinner!
We will definitely be ordering again!

The best thing about the food is the take out containers.
I tried it because of the coupon - buy one entree get one free.
I got a togo order of  the Teriyaki (that's how it's spelled on their menu) Chicken and the Panko Katsu Chicken.
The dishes tasted exactly the same - awful.
The sauce was cloying and had a funny smell and taste to it.
The Katsu Chicken said it was served over egg fried rice.
The rice in both dishes was the same.
There was a couple small pieces of carrot and peas and a very tiny piece of egg over the top of the rice on the Katsu Chicken, but the rice was no way fried.
Both dishes were not edible.
Never again.

It's good Chinese food.
It's fresh and they are really nice there.
I just don't like it enough to go back a third time.
Again nothing bad it's just not the right taste for me.
I love Chinese food and would rather go to a local place than a chain.
I've had the orange chicken spicy and I've had the teriyaki chicken.
Again not bad but not the greatest.

