The pool and beach has been hard on my feet this summer so I'm always in the mood for a nice pedicure.
Luckily, my girl knew just the place!
Emma's Nail Spa is a great lil nail salon that's tucked into the Centennial Marketplace in Scottsdale.
I've been there a couple of times for pedicures and am always impressed by how clean and professional it is.
Adam usually does my pedicures but my friend says she's tried Tara, Darla and Shawn and they're all good.
I just like Adam because he's friendly and gives a nice scrub and massage.
We usually get the Delux Pedicure, which is $35 before tip, but they have a Basic Pedi for only $23 before tip, (those prices are current for July 2013, btw).
They also do Manicures, Acrylic & Gel nails and have waxing services.
Ask about student pricing, if you've got proof you're a student.
Oh and, apparently, Emma's took over an old salon named Desert Nail about a year ago.
Give Emma's a chance and you'll be happy you did.
See ya there!

A clean place, with professional and friendly staff.
I sometimes take my young daughters there and they are always sweet to them and really make them feel special.

This is my favorite nail place to go!
I would highly recommend it!
The girls and guys are so nice and welcoming.
They don't rush which is a huge plus.

Best nail place in Scottsdale.
You won't be disappointed.
Great service and very welcoming staff.
It is also very clean and the chairs are great for relaxing.
A bargain for the prices that they charge.

Absolutely love this place!
Always friendly and attentive service with high quality work.
I never go anywhere else.

I called this place at 630 and they said come on in even though they close at 7!
They stayed late for my fiancé and I and still have me the full treatment.
They were incredibly nice, not rude cause they had to stay late.
They laughed and make jokes with us.
It was so relaxing and felt like family there.
I will mention that I got the heel therapy for callus remover and it really helped.
My fiancé has been telling me to get it done for awhile and it was great.
Darla is who you ask for!
Awesome.
I called a place down the street and asked them if they could take me and they said no even though it only takes 30 min.
I couldn't believe they refused cash paying customers with 30min left x two because my fiancé came.
Thx Emma's

