After the first visit to Crossfit Culmination I was hooked, the classes are taught in a way anyone can understand and apply.
Safety is the first priority.
Anyone that just has the drive and desire to get into great shape in a controlled, family style, amd fun environment should check it out.
Making workouts fun and seeing results...not much to think about....get to a class!!!

I am a 54 year old woman that decided to get into shape!
This IS NOT getting into shape, this IS becoming physically fit!
OMG!!!
This is no nonsense.
I have never before been so aware of how my body works.
The trainers are all about safety and awareness of every movement.
I can't believe my whole body is feeling so much stronger everyday!
It's tough but the results and the community spirit inspires to develop an inner strength I did not realize I possessed!
Thank you so very much Crossfit Culmination for awakening my passion for being alive again!!!

Best decision you'll ever make, I went to the gum for a year before I started here and now I will never go back.
The coaches are amazing and so helpful.
This place is like the family you wish you had.
Plus you get to start to look bad ass!

This place is LEGIT!
The coaches are extremely knowledgeable, and have developed some awesome training plans.
My biggest problem hitting up regular gyms was coming up with a routine, getting motivated, proper technique, and not getting bored.
It is not the case here.
I've been going for over a month and I still look forward to the workouts.
You gotta try it.
I'm hooked.

I will keep it pretty much to the point.
Great facility.
They have all the proper equipment & didn't cut corners.
The coaching was really solid.
Great explanations & scaling options for the different levels of members.
I went with a friend of mine who has only been training Crossfit for 3 months & he had as much fun & workout as I did.
Great members!
They were all friendly & weren't standoffish in the least.
To me that's the mark of a quality coaching staff who promotes COMMUNITY.
Great job you guys!
I will come back the next time I'm in town  Dee

Love this place - really awesome.
Toughest workouts of ever had.
Great group of people very encouraging.
You can do this.

WoW!
Came in from Groupon and was hooked from day 1.
The gym owner Joe really knows his stuff.
I've been doing  crossfit for several months prior to coming here and immediately I was impressed with the knowledge & skill Joe & Chris had for their athletes.
Joe had made some pointers about my lifting technique which helped my learning curve ten fold.
When it comes to crossfit movements its important to have a coach and trainers that can really help develop you.
From newbies to veteran crossfit athletes these guys can definitely help you reach  your max potential.
Aside from the coaching the facility itself is top  notch!
Its located within a sports park which  breeds other sporting activities so you really feel like you are in a place that symbolizes sports.
The equipment here is top quality.
And there is plenty of room for stretching, warming up, and anything else that requires pre and post workout conditioning.
Very kid friendly and as a matter of fact they are starting up a kids crossfit program as I write this review.
This place is squeeky clean with no musty sweaty odors lingering around.
And I love how they use Wodify to track your activities & sign into class from your computer or phone.
Hands down one of the best boxes in Las Vegas for the price!

Fully air conditioned facility!!!
This was definitely a tough amenity to find among all the warehouse/industrial area Crossfit Boxes.
I really don't want to die in the heat and they don't just technically have AC, they actually use it!
It is also located in a sports facility with access to turf fields and occasional outdoor WODs  which is a cool way to change things up.
The WODs seem to be programmed carefully with special attention to mobility exercises and active recovery (yoga on Thursdays!
) --so it doesn't seem like a total beat down all the time.
Highly recommended!

I absolutely love this gym, the coaches and the people who workout here.
This was my first Crossfit experience coming from a background of traditional gyms.
There are so many different class times to choose from throughout the day.
There are classes as early as 6:30am up to 7pm, active recovery on Thursdays have incorporated a favorite of mine...YOGA, plus open gym all day.
Saturdays are so much fun because there are usually team workouts.
The coaches focus on form to ensure that no one injures themselves.
The membership fee is inexpensive in comparison with other Crossfit gyms and is well worth the price.
Another of my favorites is the holiday workouts, people usually dress up and the workouts are sometimes done in larger teams.
All in all, you should definitely drop in and do a workout.
You'll never want to go to another gym again!

Best $125 spent per month ever!
I have been to other boxes before, and this is by far my favorite!
They have AC, small class sizes, and quality coaches that are committed to helping you.
I also like the Wodify system that they use, it helps us and the coaches keep track of our progress.
I highly recommend this gym!

Very cool people, a good mix of independence and help.
Very team oriented.
Really cool box and loved the programming.
Thanks Joe!

