As far as pet stores go, this one I guess is ok.
I'm not the biggest fan of all the animals sitting behind glass jail cells, but at least the staff are nice.
Big thing for me is some of the breeders were reputable, which is a good thing.
I hope that all their breeders are.
Prices are rediculous for some of the dogs but guess that is how it goes.
Overall, if you're gonna go pet store,

I should have read reviews first before purchasing a puppy from this company.....
This company claims they do not get puppies from puppy mills however after doing the research on the breeder of my new puppy I found they are a very large puppy mill and they in fact have been protested many times.
Purchasing a puppy from this company is a guarantee you will spend lots of money at the vet that they own as well and waiting to see if the Warranty will give pay you back for all spent.
This store has a history of exactly what took place with my puppy send the puppy home with a clean bill of health and in fact he has a parasite that requires treatment, testing , and upper respiratory infection that requires meds as well.
Lets not forget that many return trips to the vet on the other side of town to get meds after test results came in.
I have made contact with CPI the owner of Animal Kingdom and no help from them either.
This place is a joke and the person who did all of our paper work for our new puppy is now very rude and disrespectful guess after she got her commission she was done with us..
I hope this helps anyone looking for a puppy to steer clear of this RIP OFF place.

I bought the NUTRI-STAT SUPPLEMENT for my puppy without more research first (my fault!).
It cost me $14.99 and when I look online the price actually only $4.99.
WAY OVERPRICE!!!!!
STAY AWAY!!!!
And don't bring your puppy (that you get elsewhere) here because they will try to make you like you did something wrong about get the puppy from other place and not from them.
JUST STAY AWAY!

Selling puppies from breeders never is OK. With thousands of perfectly good dogs being euthanized in overcrowded shelters, how can any store proudly support the breeding of even more dogs for profit.
Animal Kingdom needs to get with the times and begin offering dogs from shelters instead of breeders.

