My husband and I was excited to see a new BBQ place open at Westgate.
We started off with the jalapeño appetizer stuffed with cheesy pulled pork and wrapped in bacon (I forget the official name.
) my husband loved them, but he would eat anything as long as it was wrapped in bacon!
I didn't quite care for the stuffing which was pulled pork and cheese.
it was the consistency of mush and really didn't have much flavor.
To me, it tasted like spicy bacon.
We both ordered the combo with 2 meats.
I had the chicken and rib tips with onion rings and baked beans.
The portions were HUGE and could easily feed 2 people.
I really enjoyed the chicken.
It was slightly smokey and the BBQ sauce was sweet and skin was charred.
I did not like the rib ends, they were mostly gristle and bones.
They were very disgusting to eat and got hardly any meat off of them, just to be fair, I never ordered these before so I'm not sure if they come with so many tiny bones.
The onion rings were very good and tasted like a beer batter.
The baked beans were not to my tasting, they were sweet, but overwhelmingly tasted like chili powder.
They basically tasted like a really sweet chili.
This place was a hit and miss for me.
The staff were super friendly, although I didn't care for their "hooters-like" attire.
I may be back, but have other favorite BBQ places in town I'd rather go.

This place is terrible.
We went there to watch the ASU game on a Thursday night, as recommended by their Facebook page.
Come to find out, they didn't even get the game!!
The servers said they would keep turning it on since the minute we walked in..
Took our food and drink orders, then to find out they didn't get that channel.
Bullshit.. Can we say FALSE ADVERTISING!??

1)No draft beer 2)No live band as advertised 3) Beer is hot 4)Over priced for drinks  Stay away!
Don't do it!
This place is not going to make it.

My husband & I came here before a football game, and were pleased that it wasn't horribly packed like most other places so we could get a seat.
The inside is big and spacious, and they are going for a country feel (corporate country).
They service drinks in big mason jars, which is a fun touch.
My husband got some brisket and liked his food a lot.
It initially came out luke warm, but the kitchen fixed that as soon as we told our server.
The service was very nice, if a little slow.
The mac & cheese and cornbread sides were really yummy.
A vegetarian could be very happy with a few servings of the mac & cheese, it's very cheesy and warm and satisfying.
They don't list beer prices out on the menu, which should be changed, but otherwise this is a good place to grab some drinks and food before a game.

I was really excited to see this country themed bar come to Westgate.
I have eaten there twice now and I actually do enjoy the food a lot.
The drinks are delicious but a little pricey.
They had a live band one of the nights that I went there and the band was pretty good and were very upbeat which was nice.
The part that I have a really big problem with is the service.
The first time I went there it was slow, our girl hardly ever checked on us to see if we needed more to drink or how our food tasted.
The second time that I went there a few friends and I sat at a table by the bar and waited 15 minutes before finally my boyfriend got up and walked over to one of the waitresses and asked for some service.
When she finally took our orders she seemed annoyed at us, like we were bothering her.
I really hope that the staff starts giving better service or else this place will not do well.
Also, the girls that work there look kind of trashy.. That makes women not want to go there.
It's not hooters, so they shouldn't dress like they are working at hooters.
One more thing, the staff should not be flirting in front of the customers.
I think that should not be allowed at all.
It made me and those at my table feel awkward to see girl and guy employees flirting with each other right in front of us..

Skip this place.
All food (appetizers and entrees) came out at the same time and server just said sorry.
The food portions were large but mediocre in quality.

I almost didn't write this review because I didn't want to waste any more time on this place.
My husband and I went there before the Coyotes game tonite and let me just suffice to say, there is a definite reason why all the other places around had a half hour wait and Whiskey Rose was only half full.
Without writing a novel, the service was literally non-existent and the food worse than mediocre.
After paying 30.00 for two appetizers (that finally appeared cold and greasy 40 min after ordering), and a drink... we left the food half eaten, had to ask 3 times for the check, and proceeded to eat chicken tenders and fries at the arena that were 100% better than the food at Whiskey Rose.
Not sure whether the inedible food was the fault of the kitchen or the wait staff that let it sit there (we asked 3 different servers over the course of 20 minutes to check on it for us), but either way it was horrible.
My best advice is to wait for a seat at one of the other establishments around, because this place is a bust and obviously does not have staff or management that care to make it any different.
Can I give it no stars?

We stopped in after we saw TSO in concert.
They were quite busy, but we were seated promptly.
The GM was our server & he did a wonderful job of taking care of all our needs.
The food was amazing...big portions & very tasty!!
All and all, a 5-star experience.
Thank you, Jeremy!!
We will come back!

Terrible service..
Unless you know the bartenders you can be sure you won't get any service unless you work hatd to get their attention.
Seems like they caters only to family and friend and customers have to take a back seat.
Leaving to go across street, at least they talk to you there.

Gf had the buffalo chicken salad.
She loved it.
Said it was one of the best salads she has had.
I got the brisket sandwich.
It was very good.
I had a hard time deciding what to get, everything looks good.
I liked it very much but it didn't have very much BBQ sauce on it.
If u order it get more sauce to add to it.
Other than that I recommend it.

This was one of first date night's with my husband since my daughter was born.
I was so excited to finally sit down at a bar/restaurant and have a good meal and drink.
We had the worst luck this evening because every restaurant had over an hour wait.
When we arrived at Whiskey Rose we were seated within five minutes...a telltale sign of the restaurant.
There was a hockey game going on so the place was packed.
Here are the pro's and con's of our evening:  Pro:  - Seated almost immediately and were able to have two drinks during our hour and a half stay.
- Waitress was nice but clueless about the liquor served at the bar and couldn't even make a salad.
Con's: - After an hour and a half of waiting we didn't even get our food.
We would have been late for our movie.
Apparently all hockey attendees got their food before us, our order was pushed to the back of the line.
- Despite the name of the place, "Whiskey Rose", they serve NO whiskey - Bartender service is extremely slow.
- I didn't even get the salad I ordered after 1.5 hours of waiting.
Seriously, the wait staff can't even make the salads for customers?
We were EXTREMELY disappointed with the service here.
Management needs to take a closer look at how the bartenders treat customers and how the food is sent out.
We ended up scarfing down popcorn for dinner at the movie theater.
: (

Bartenders were slow to us and to make drinks.
The bartenders seemed to be lacking basic fundamental skills of being a bartender.
The overall service here was less than desirable.
Needless to say the drinks were over priced.
But then again this is westgate.
Overall the customer service was atrocious and the staff was less than friendly.
If you are looking for a good place to drink I highly suggest you look elsewhere.

I have a long winded story for this place but wont bore you with the details.
lets just say if  you happen to see "Eddie Zelstro" if  thats his name.
His ego is gigantic and lets just say he has absolutely no people skills..

I tried this bar out about a month ago and was very hesitant after reading the reviews.
We were sat right away, and the service was amazing.
The food was good, and the prices were fair.
We had no complaints!
We will definitely be back next time we are in AZ!

food was good and the salads where delicious--service was great

