It's pizza behind security...the formula pizza on fair crust, with, as most airport pizzas, not enough sauce, cheese or toppings, but plenty of "fair" crust.
Their pizzas are all "personal"...with formula recipes you request by name.
The dough is stretched, the toppings applied, the pizza put in an oven and baked.
After, it is cut, put in a box and handed to the purchaser.
7-8 minutes unless they are really busy...then 10 minutes or so.
On participating in the 'airport employee opening', the day before the concourse opening of the restaurants, I observed a disjointed system that created lots of pizzas.
I requested a custom pizza, adding pepperoni to a formula recipe pizza; after 20 minutes and a description of the first pizza coming out of the oven with a hole in the middle...I gave up and accepted the formula recipe pizza without the addition of pepperoni.
The quality of the product...not exactly...but certainly a nice free result of the effort.
2 days after the concourse opening, I stopped to order pizza again and requested the formula recipe with pepperoni added.
The pizza and the addition...certainly a pricey opportunity.
The location was not very busy...2 people before me were awaiting delivery, then me and 3 people after by the time I received my pizza.
10 minutes after I placed my order, I asked the guy behind the counter regarding timing.
He advised he saw my order in the computer.
I waited 5 minutes more, and asked again.
The guy behind the counter checked with the pizza creators.
They advised they may have put too much pepperoni on the pizza, and it required a few extra minutes to cook completely.
2 more minutes and the pizza was in a box, delivered to me.
Opening the box gave me pizza with 1 1/2 inch crust...the tastes are good...just want a few more bites of substance than what you offer.
Crust is fresh...just lacking in flavor.
In my travels, I find the crust depends on the water used.
If it is Phoenix water, the minerals are wrong...and the taste is affected.
For the price, it is adequate.
The tough part on my side is finding the availability to pay $11 for a personal pizza.
In the worst world, I can order Dominos or Pizza Hut before I fly and carry it through security.
If the item presented were beyond what I could get on the street, I could see the jacked up pricing.
For me, once, maybe twice a year I could justify spending money here.

I picked up an egg, cheese, and potato breakfast burrito to eat during my flight.
I had it for about two hours and it kept really well!
It would be extremely easy to slap this combination together for a tasteless boring burrito.
I'm happy to report that it was not at all.
I definitely recommend getting the salsa they offer when you pick up your order.
If you want a meal to carry on that keeps well, this is a great choice.
Staff were very friendly as well.

Pizza at the airport....
I can't be good....
Guess again!
PHX is quickly becoming my favorite layover airport.
Considering just a few years ago it was on of the worst.
The pizza had a nice thin crust.
The cheese and sauce was perfect.
@ $14 for a individual pizza and a drink it is a good airport value.
It was so good I am checking my return flight for Friday to see if I have enough time to hit this place up again!

Pizzas are a little small and pricey.
They're OK for being in the Phoenix airport.

The last time I was at phoenix airport I had the worst pizza from that New York style pizza place so I see humble pie and was hesitant to try it but I really had no choice because the grill to the burger joint was down so after searching for other options I had to try it.
I got the pizza with roasted fennel and sausage and house mozzarella, and onions and loaded with sauce.
So I don't know what Chris V was talking about when he said they don't put a lot of toppings in their pizza.
It was loaded with toppings.
I absolutely loved it.
Absolute turnaround from that other place.
And originally I wanted a burger.

Long line for this place at the airport.
Good sign that it's decent.
I had the Traditionalist Wrap - sausage, eggs, and cheese for $7.50.
It's essentially a breakfast burrito.
The eggs aren't the best, but at least they weren't watery.
The combo as a whole was good enough to satisfy my hunger, but the price is high.
Then again, airport eateries ALWAYS increase their prices just because they can.

Many airports these days are attempting to become more upscale; there are sculptures and musicians and art and fancy food.
In theory this is great!
If I'm going to pay more for buying food in an airport, I might as well be paying for something good, right?
Problem is, when it goes wrong, I just feel cheated.
They should know better!
Take Humble Pie.
Theoretically a gourmet pizza joint in the Phoenix airport, the pizza they gave me was one of the worst I've had in YEARS.
The crust was soggy, the toppings spartan, the sauce sickly-sweet and the greasiness unbearable.
When I first picked up a slice, all the toppings promptly fell off.
I tried to put the toppings back on, but the greasiness of the pizza left me to eat it two-handed: first a bite of the crust, then a bite of the toppings.
Really, even if this place billed itself as a super-cheap pizza joint I'd feel cheated.

Very pleasantly surprised ... good pizza in an airport!
I ordered using the self-serve kiosk, and had a super hot margherita pizza in my hands in less than 5 minutes.
It isn't the best pizza I've ever had, but usual to find this quality and speed in an airport.
Staff was very friendly to boot.
Pricey @ $11, but I'm on business travel....

Very Expensive for what you get ... even for an airport  The "POG" sounded great, and the flavor was pretty good, BUT I'm not sure if I got one that had been sitting or what...  crust was completely soggy, except the edges ricotta cheese was only a shadow - like it had been over cooked and evaporated  I might try them again but I would not spend my own money doing it.

Overall decent experience.
The breakfast burrito I had "The Spud" was ok; very small for the price I paid.
I believe it was almost 8 bucks!
Flavor was bland; nothing about the food or the place made me want to be a regular here.
It's not a bad place to eat, and when I return maybe I'll try the pizza some people were raving about.
My only thing is, I couldn't find any pie here!
Confused lol

The food was solid 4 star but it was at the airport so I am jumping it up a notch.
My taste buds were simply blown away!!
Ordered the S.O.P which has sausage, caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, mozzarella, ricotta cheese and tomato sauce.
The sauce tasted very tomato-y and fresh, the cheese was perfect, the sausage and onion complimented and the crust was crispy but not burnt.
Really great pizza that I would happily eat outside of the airport walls.

Over priced mediocre pizza.
One size pizza (skimped on the cheese) and a medium drink was around $18.
???
A lack of dining space makes it less attractive.
Yeah I know it's a terminal but still disappointed.

Not bad.
Personal size pizzas made fresh.
The dough was delicious.
The cheese only halfway melted, the sauce basically tomato paste.
The quality could easily be improved significantly by using better sauce and cooking 2 min longer, but overall it's a pretty decent product for an airport.

One of the worst pizzas I've ever had in all my life.
Its not an exaggeration trust me.
After a long flight from St.Louis to west side of the coast and a quick halt at arizona we brought our semi hungry selves to this place and we fell short of food options at the terminal we were in.
We browsed through their selection of pizza to find a vegetarian option and we went with the margherita pizza topped with basil and tomatoes.
Unbelievable as to how could someone completely turn around the recipe made with scramble of simple ingredients.
The crust was horrible and the basil wasn't baked along with the pizza it was rather sprinkled ribbon cut over the baked pizza with just marinara.It was like the leaves were flying away as we were trying to bite into the pizza.
Gosh and the price I know that its airport and its supposed to be pricey but 14 dollars for a flat iron rubber like pizza duh!
Please don't eat even if you are starving you'll just end up spoiling your tastebuds.

I only stopped in today for coffee and it's only their third day open.
They were slammed and did a good job trying to help me even though their takeout window isn't opened yet.
The one lets looked amazing as I watched them go by.
I wish I wasn't so crazy about getting I my flight be because I would stopped and had one they looked so good!

Wow!
We were changing planes with a short layover in Phoenix and came across this newly opened place in Terminal C (Southwest) and decided to give it a try.
We both had the Sourdough burger.
Absolutely wonderful!
Nice thick juicy burger, thick grilled sourdough bread with grilled onions.
I had the salad with it - plenty of food!
Super fresh and delicious.
Prices weren't bad at all compared to the stuff you get at the airport.
Service was beyond excellent.
Pleasantly served and kept checking on us to see if there was anything else we needed.
Will definitely go back if we go through that way again - no hesitation!

Had a delayed flight so hopped into the Humble Pie.
I ordered the BBQ Chicken Pizza after it was recommended by our waiter and split it with a friend.
Pros: Atmosphere is pleasant and the service was good.
Food was quick and the pizza was decent but I've had better.
Nice thick bacon on the pizza.
Cons: can't hear the airport announcements.
Every few bites of my pizza the only flavor I could taste was "burnt" even though the pizza itself wasn't overcooked.
Overall I'm glad I came in to fill my tummy but I probably would try somewhere else next time.

From the looks of yelpers photos, some people had bad luck and got some really bad pizza, but from the attitude of this place, I would not be afraid to send it back to the kitchen and let them know about any soggy crust because it appears the kitchen WANTS to serve delicious pizza.
Very attentive and patient servers even amid all the chaos of people coming and leaving and ordering to-go.
With that said, I was lucky to get a perfectly cooked magherita pizza ($10.95), lots of mozzarella toppings and some basil, the crust was thin, crunchy and chewy at the same time and STILL good the next day (for breakfast I heated it up in the microwave and finished it in the oven, for lunch i had the last slice cold, still.
so.
good.
)  It's 4 stars only because it's on the pricey side, but otherwise I had a very satisfying pizza.
Trying the chicken parmesan next time like the server enthusiastically suggested :)

I sat at the bar for breakfast.
A woman came, sat beside me, and was waited on almost immediately.
I glanced around to see additional people sitting at the bar with same immediate service.
The waitress returned to the woman beside me to present her with a beverage, and refused to acknowledge my presence.
It's as if I wasn't there, which is why I left and will never return.
The food is generally bad enough in airports, and no one should be treated that way.

The two times I have stopped by have been rushed, which isn't unusual in an airport if you've got a flight to catch.
Both times I sat at the bar hoping for fast service, but in each instance I was forgotten for about five minutes after receiving a menu :(  The servers behind the bar when I was there (I recognize that there is a lot of rotation in an airport establishment) didn't do a very good job of scanning over their patrons to make sure everyone was taken care of.
There seemed to be a tunnel vision thing going on, not much multi-tasking.
Obviously it's a tough job to keep up with such a high customer turnover rate, but I've visited busier upscale airport restaurants here at PHX that do a great job and set the bar high.
I'll update my review the next time I stop by hoping for a different experience.

Let's face it travelers, most airport food sucks.
Not Humble Pie.
What's their story?
PHOENIX has invited local restaurants to open mini cafés by most gates.
Humble Pie offers pretty good food selections.
And surprise!
It's also tasty.
Even local micro brews from Four Peeks.
Recommend you stop here for a quick meal.

Service still pretty inattentive the second time around, but I sat where I could look into the kitchen and watch them make my pizza.
The ingredients look fresh, including the chunks of mozzarella (as opposed to shredded).
Not really my favorite style of pizza, as I like a little more cheese and sauce, but not bad.
It's the only restaurant for gates C1-C9, so hey what are you gonna do?

I had a 2 hr layover at Phx, was hungry and trying to find something vegetarian!
The cheese pizza at Humble Pie came to my rescue, and how!!
Simple and fresh.
I really did love the herbs.
Friendly staff too!

Even for airport food this is pretty low quality.
Step up your game if you expect to stay in terminal 4!
Ordered a margherita pizza...very plain, flimsy crust, underwhelming.

Grabbed a $10 chicken sandwich between flights.
It was okay and it came with pretty good shoestring style fries.
The wait was too long though.

A cheap & healthy meal at the airport...Spicy Minestrone Soup, just a little over $4.00 (after taxes).
Service was "ok," but we're sort at the mercy of these people being stuck at the airport, right?
Thankfully the soup was tasty and filling, so it head me over till my flight.

