Studio was very clean and organized and very well set up, however the service was a little under par.
For my first time visiting the Mad Platter, I was not greeted upon entering nor were any studio fee or procedures explained to me.
Other customers came in and were helped after me, which is great for them but this completely turned me off.
Not sure if I'm Coming back.
Please work on customer service!!

My friends and I went on their opening weekend to enjoy an afternoon together and support a local business.
This was my first paint-your-own-ceramics experience, but several of my friends have been to the bigger chain places and had a lot to say about them in comparison to Mad Platter.
The women who own Mad Platter are extremely helpful and friendly.
I loved the atmosphere here and their willingness to help us when we had questions throughout our little party and as we were leaving.
Apparently, at other chain places, the workers aren't like this at all.
They sort of give you a quick gist and expect you to sink or float.
This is why I love locally owned spots so much more...there always seems to be better customer service.
They even notified us when they found there was a problem with the firing bisque they were using.
Since they didn't want to ruin our artwork, they notified us that it would take a little longer to fire them but they didn't want to risk ruining our items.
It was just nice to know that they didn't just see us as dollar signs.
My mug turned out fantastically!
I want to go back and do some more pieces.
It was a pleasant experience and I'm glad I chose this place for my "first time".
P.S.
I only wish they would turn down their AC a little bit more.
I was sweating for the first half of my time there.
It was a bit uncomfortable (a downside to locally owned places who can't afford to jack up the AC all day).

I went back again this past weekend to paint and hang out with friends for a girlfriend's birthday party.
We had a fantastic time just like the last!
They allowed us to bring in food and wine to enjoy during our little party as well.
And good news...the AC was turned up just right and it felt fantastic!
They were extremely busy during our 4 hours there, but the two owners were STILL the most helpful and patient people ever.
A couple of us, including myself, needed help with some finishing touches on our items and they were way more than willing to help us out.
We were there right up until closing time and we all felt so bad that we were taking so long, but they still made us feel right at home.
Thanks again Mad Platter!
I will be back very soon.

My daughter had her birthday party there and we had a great experience.
Angela, one of the owners, was very personable and helpful before the party and helped everyone out during the party.
Neat and clean place; we'll definitely be back!

We've been here twice so far.
The first time we went they walked us around to make sure we knew where everything was and how to do everything and were happy to answer any questions we had.
They have plenty of different types of pottery, from little things to fairly large dragons.
I haven't been to any of their events but it seems like they do quite a few fun things for kids and adults.
Don't worry if you aren't the most artistic, they have plenty of stuff that you can just paint, but they also have things large enough that you can draw something on and paint it.
The only issue we've had at all was the first time we went, about a week and a half later we still hadn't gotten a text letting us know our stuff was ready so we called and they let us know it was ready.
But, my husband was the one who filled out the card so he may have made a mistake, who knows.

Was greeted by both owners upon entering.
Friendly atmosphere and was given a tour of how to navigate studio.
Huge selection of pottery to choose from.
They offer ideas and technique to those that may be artistically challenged.
Studio is kid friendly while accommodating a couples night out.
Looking forward to a future event.
Thanks for such a fun night of painting.

