Awesome food!!!
Great service!
Would totally recommend this place to anyone who likes to try different cuisines.
The tomyum soup... Coconut flavor was yum..I was kinda skeptical about trying it at first but then since the owner really recommended it i gave it a shot and I'm glad I did.
Chicken satay and garlic pepper chicken , pad kee mao were delicious!!

This is as authentic as gets!!
Amazing authentic food with excellent flavor!
I stayed in Vegas for almost 6 nights and we ate at this spot 4 times.
I was skeptical at first due to their outdated decor (which they are planning to change), but as soon as i tried their chicken wings, I was sold!!
I tried their chicken wings, both beef appetizers, 3 chicken entrees (I can not recall their names), 3 beef entrees including beef mongolian which was amazingggg, pad thai (best I ever had) and mega fried rice and basil fried rice which were some of the best rice entrees I've ever had and finally mango sticky rice and roti dessert!
This place has only been open for about 2 months and it's the most authentic thai cuisine I've ever tried.
The chef has over 20 years of experience working in a sushi kitchen and she does an amazing job combining both her japanese and thai background!!
Can not wait to visit this place again!

I heard about this Halal Thai Restaurant from a gd friend of mine Jihan.
We were there last weekend for lunch.
Mum had the best time of her life eating halal dishes.
Finally, halal thai food.
We were very happy with the taste,  the ambience,  the server Mariam & Chef Sakina.
Alhamdullilah.
Thank you.
We will be back soon.
Check out the photos I posted on yelp.
Enjoy.
:-)

This place has amazing food.
Good customer service, tasty food and reasonable prices.

This is another low rent, mom and pop type restaurant that we frequented on this trip.
Shortly after settling in I managed to spill an entire glass of water all over both the table and my wife.
After being relocated to another table, she cuffed my right hand to the side of my chair.
We then shared orders of rad nah (flat noodles with chicken) and pad ka pow (spicy chicken with basil),    Both dishes were pretty authentic, fresh and very satisfying.
A 3.5 rating would be more appropriate.

My wife and I were visiting Las Vegas for 4 days and we discovered Sakina Thai Cousine on our second day there.
We liked it so much that we ate there everyday for the rest of our stay.
We tried different kinds of curries, tom yum soup, fish cakes, house salad, spring roll and stir fry.
We loved it all and already miss this place!
It's also very clean and has a place to offer the most delicious food.
The staff is very friendly and greets everyone with "Salamu Alaykum"!
I wish they would open a franchise in my town

One word..
Excellent!!!!
Everything freshly prepared, authentic, and very tasty!
One of the absolute best Thai food I've had here in the US and it's Halal which makes it even better :) this is truly a don't miss restaurant!

This new Thai restaurant replaced the Mega Ramen restaurant that was there before, and I do believe this is an improvement!
The inside is much more open and finely decorated.
The service was experienced, nice, and attentive.
The server obviously cared what I thought about the food, which is always a good sign.
I ordered the fried calamari and the Pad Ga Pow (might be spelled differently on the menu) with beef.
Interestingly enough they do not serve pork here!
The calamari was quite nice.
It came with about half tempura squid and half tempura veggies.
If you can forgive the veggies and don't mind eating a little healthier, I would recommend this dish.
The batter was very, very light perhaps one of the lightest I have had, but had enough flavor to keep it interesting.
They use the typical Thai style sweet and sour sauce, clear and pinkish red in color, not too sweet, and with light tasting chili flakes.
The Ga Pow was very unique and surprising.
I haven't had this dish prepared in this style before.
The waitress informed me that it is more of a Southern style Thai restaurant.
The meat was very lean and finely minced.
At first I thought it was hamburger by the look, but I was definitely mistaken when I tasted it.
It was very light and almost fluffy.
No feeling of extra grease or fat.
The veggies (onions, bell peppers, etc) were well prepared and fresh tasting.
On top of jasmine rice, it was a very light version of the dish.
One thing to note here is that this place is quite a bit hotter than most Thai restaurants.
The waitress warned me that my 3/5 was VERY hot.
The spice level did not disappoint, and I quite enjoyed the heat level balanced with the lighter flavors.
The dish was not sweet at all, which deviates from the typical version of this dish you find in Vegas.
Very light on the palate and the stomach.
The one criticism I might have is that it also wasn't very complex (no or very little basil, mint, etc), but as simple as the flavors were they worked very well.
I am very curious about the style of this Thai cooking.
I most certainly will be back to try some of the other dishes like the curries and noodle dishes.
Their motto is no sweetness, and I like that in a Thai restaurant.
Sakina is a fantastic and unique addition to the Thai food scene in Las Vegas, and in my opinion a must try for Thai food lovers!

It's very nice mom and pop resturant where I believe the whole family is doing something.
Nicest thing about this Resturant is taste, it is not commercial.
Somehow all the dishes have their own authentic taste.
It could be that's the way it's made in Thai homes.
Loved it and will be back again.

I usually make point too try someplace new every week.
Sakina was one had on bookmarked.
My first impression was very interesting feel too it.
I never been too whatever the place was before but walking in could tell that definitely something different.
It pretty decent size compare too the front entrance thinking too myself this place is tiny.
The waiter she was fabulous greeted me warm welcome and since lunch not very packed she like pick anywhere too sit.
The menu is fairly simple with most staple Thai dishes find at most other Thai restaurants.
I wanted too try couple things so started with the gyoza but this one was all vegetables no pork in the filling.
Interesting.
The filling definitely not as hearty and maybe use too gyoza traditional sense only way with pork felt like filled with air.
The dipping sauce was nice.
The way they steamed then seared the gyoza was on point.
Just not that much fan of the filling but think great option if vegan.
My entree went with the Spicy Basil Fried Rice.
Sakina spicy rating they go only from 1-5.
So being first time not sure played it safe went with 2.
I wish went higher because 2 felt like bland and thinking Spicy Basil Friend Rice no kick factor.
I know next time go higher and for all spicy fans not sure where 5 is compare too other Thai restaurants go 1-10.
I enjoyed the mixture of vegetables in the fried rice, the sauce that fried rice cooked in (my own fault should have went 3 or 4) solid, and fried rice could eat everyday.
I plan on coming back trying more dishes.
Overall honest nothing that can rave about or compare too my favorites Archi or Pan Asian.
I only had two dishes.
For sure plan on going back and trying more dishes but till then just think good Thai food.

If your looking for a great meal come here but if your in a rush don't waste your time .
Yellow chicken curry & cucumber salad was amazing I'm very happy.
All the food tasted fresh I will come back.
However they should look into hiring quicker servers

Awesome restaurant I would recommend it for people who like exploring new foods.
The service was as well incredible

Having grown up in Thailand, I am familiar with Thai food.
The Som Tam (papaya salad) was the best I have ever had - no kidding!
The Pad Kee Mao with tofu was also delicious.
The service was quick and the owner is extremely friendly.
If I am in Vegas again, I will certainly be making a return trip to Sakina.

Hidden Gem Love all their dishes and prices.

Best food I had in las Vegas.
Food is great and not pricy.
More over restrooms are super clean.
Owner is really kind

Great service, great food, great people.
Also halal options.
Excellent thai food.
If you are in Vegas  good place to eat.

Honestly, best damn Thai place I have ever had!!!
Amazing service and super awesome food!!!
The owner personally came out to make sure out food was perfect!
At another table someone had mentioned the food was spicy even after requesting non-spicy and I heard the waitress offering to take the plate back and redo.
We went on a Tuesday night having yelped it and thought the portions would be small but for a family of 4 adults it was more than enough.
I would literally cross the California/Nevada border just to go get some of this damn great flavorful food!
Great presentation, clean, nothing bad to say!
Can't say roundhouse good things.
Affordable!
$8.95 per a la cart menu.
$49 for family of 4

Excellent food, service, and nice clean decor, greatly enjoyed the meal.
I can't recommend this place enough.
I like hot, can't do true Thai heat, but a 2 out of 5 was nicely hot.
Another dish was a 1 out of 5 and it was perfect, if you are non-Thai go low on the heat scale and you will be happy.
The crab Rangoon was more crabby than sour cream, very delicious.
The Spicy Catfish salad was delicious, the combination of crunch, sweet, sour, was perfect.
Give this place a try!
Randy

Hell yes!
We loved our dinners and look forward to eating here often in the future.
Glad the decor isn't bleach boring strip mall, and although it's lacking much style, it's comfortable enough to sit with friends and chat the night away.
Friendly service.
Large portions, great for sharing and mixing.
Spicy Basil Fried Rice, Seafood Combo -- Our favorite!
We stayed safe with Spice Level 1 after overhearing another table complain they ordered too hot.
Glad we scaled back; the 1 was perfect.
A little tingle but no pain, and tons of flavor with the herbs and crunchy veg.
Good seafood mix, giant muscles and grilled shrimp, so-so squid.
Yakisoba, Meat Combo -- Pleasantly sweet noodles with lots of veg and meat.
Skip the plain (but moist) thin strips of beef and chicken, just go all shrimp, baby.
I wish there was more cabbage.
(Good line for my tombstone, gotta remember that one.
)  Crispy Catfish Salad -- Bizarre at first, since the fish is minced super fine, then fried to an indiscernible crisp ... so we just saw a blanket of brown crunchies and were confused where the "fish" went.
But after the lovely server explained it's a different style, we mixed it in with a green apple salad and our faces basically exploded with tart, sweet, spicy crunch.
In fact, we kept spooning the mixture over everything else we ate, because it had a crunch that could not be stopped.
I wouldn't be satisfied with just this plate for dinner, but it's an excellent sharing dish for punching up everything else.
Crab Rangoon -- Unlike any I've had, rolled long and thin in spring roll wrappers.
I'm diggin how this place comes at my usual orders with a different angle.
I also appreciate the Chinese options on the menu, since our group doesn't all love Thai, so everyone leaves happy and stuffed.
Also in love with their roti, since I haven't found roti this good since Flat Top Grille in Chicago.
Shame it's $2.50 each, but I will order saucy things just to have something to dip in these slices of heaven.
If you're a texture-based eater like me, this place is a playground.
:-)  Wish List: Would love to see fountain soda instead of cans.

Visiting town and I came across this little gem.
I'm from the San Francisco bay area where we have great thai food.
My expectations were very high and Sakina Thai definitely met up to those expectations.
Me and my wife ordered: Satay Chicken - 5/5 Pad Ze Ew - 5/5 Basil Fried Rice - 5/5 Orange Chicken - 5/5 Mongolian Beef - 3/5  Yes 2 people ordered all that food.
The Basil fried rice is a must here!
Mongolian Beef was a little overcooked and dry but I still gave this place 5 stars because the owner and chef Sakina is super sweet.
My only word of advice is to check water levels.
The misses water glass was empty for a long time before waitress refilled it.
I have a stomach cramp from all the food I ate but it's a happy cramp.
Go to Sakina; you won't be disappointed!

Went back for lunch, had the Panag Curry combo (shrimp, chicken, beef) spice level 1, absolutely delicious!
Also had the Roti bread, well worth the extra cost, DELICIOUS with the curry, I could eat it all day.
The curry has a great depth of flavor.
The shrimp marinated in the curry is SOOOO good.
I love this place.

Had the best meal here we've had in ages!
Everything we ordered just tasted delicious!
And we all are picky people to please.
Ordered:   Chicken satay - delicious peanut sauce to dip in!!
Thai iced tea - always tasty  Chicken basil fried rice - awesome!
Highly recommend.
Panang beef curry - very tasty and flavorful.
Creamy and compliments the white rice well.
Pad kee mao with chicken - like drunken noodles - great flavor  Orange chicken - I got this bc I loveeee sesame chicken and this is the closest Thai version of that.
It was realllly good.
I'm well versed in spicy dishes as a desi and the waitress, super friendly and nice staff btw, gave us a spice scale of 1-5.
We picked 3 for everything and found it spicier than we anticipated so might go for a 2 next time.
Overall, will definitely be going again!
Great staff, fast service, awesome food.
2 thumbs up.

I love thai food but i would not come back again.
The food is too sweet and the taste is not that good as the reviews are showing.
The only dish i liked is chicken satay

I am an out of town dad with my daughter at a soccer tournament.
This is a strip mall location and has no liquor license but the food was exceptional and the service was terrific.
I would never have found it without yelp and I am glad I did.

Worth coming to Vegas for !
Enough said .. Chicken satay- 5 pieces with a amazing peanut Sauce and cucumber salad Basil fried rice with chicken - matches expectations set by other reviewers Pad phing king with beef- succulent soft beef with beans  Fried banana with ice cream- best I have had in a long long time

Love this little place!
Love the chicken satay!!
Also the milk tea!!
Plus, it's HALAL!!!

tired of burgers and kabobs ?
Go there even if you dont have to eat halal food !
portions are great, service is great and the food is delicious !

Would have given 5 stars, except the service at first wasn't the best.
It took about 10 min before the waitress came to the table to say hi or even take our drink order.
Aside from that, the food came out quickly and deliciously.
We ordered several different plates so we could sample everything.
Got the tom kha kai (level 3 spice) it was amazing.
Next time i will have to try a level 5.
The spicy basil fried rice was delicious as well as the yellow curry.
Will definitely be back soon especially since its right up the street from my house.
Glad i found this on yelp!!

Great food and service!!!
The service was absolutely the best.
Our waitress was very personable, warm and welcoming.
Our food was perfect.
Usually I've had to either add soy sauce or add spices to whatever I order at a Thai restaurant, but the chef and owner here knows exactly how to make a dish thats right on the money.
Definitely a restaurant I will return to in the near future.

I have had a lot of thai food but this place is just simply , superb service amazing  food, we ordered beef jerky crab rangoon pad ke maow etc and it was all to the point great food, I thought they will be like other Thai places where you order number 5 spicy and it will turn out sweet not the case here, 5 means 5 here and they use capsicum seeds to make it spicy so don't try to be adventurous , whenever ill be back in Vegas ill be back here  Thanks

