Jon's a good massage therapist, very intuitive, and very aggressive!
He's willing to go after the problem, but it's not for wussies.

Jon has been my therapist for about two years, and he is extremely professional and does excellent work.
He listens, finds the right spots, and adjusts as necessary.
And the dude gives an awesome scalp massage.
I definitely recommend him.

Jon is by far the best therapist I've seen.
I went to him with really bad nerve pain in my shoulder and left arm.
I even went to my chiropractor and they couldn't help.
In only 20 minutes Jon identified the issue and worked out the problem and my symptoms went away never to return!!
I couldn't believe it!
I didn't even know massage could cure nerve pain like that.

Great massage!
John includes stretching into my massage, which my body really needs.
I actually feel rejuvenated when leaving his table.
Very clean.
Extremely courteous and welcoming.

I have had many massages in the past, and most of the therapists were good.
Since my first visit to Jon recently, I immediately noticed a huge difference:  His communication and explanation before start are incredibly thorough; he is by far the most professional massage therapist I've had, he is not good, he is excellent.
The massage was outstanding, he was able to detect where I had issues in my body, and so far, the pain I had before is gone.
Every session is better than  the previous one.
I'm very glad I visited Jon's massage room, and will continue doing so on a regular basis.

Hairstylists, runners, and cyclists.. this is the massage therapist for you!
I work with my arms all day doing hair, my upper back and arms get quite tight.
Jon is able to target those areas better than anyone I've visited, and is even available to schedule shorter "quick-fix" 20 minute appointments between longer sessions!
As for the athletes out there, my IT-band issues can really cause me trouble.
Jon was able to really work on that area, and connecting areas, to get my legs ready for my upcoming races.
Something also to note is that you, the client, receive the full massage time of the appointment, an hour of massage is just that.
The getting ready, set up, and payment times do not eat into your appointment time.
If you're looking for someone to listen to you and tailor the massage to your personal needs, you've found your guy!

I came in to get a massage from Jon because I was having a sharp pain in my lower back.
Because of school and work I had to come in at night, which wasn't a problem.
The room had a nice ambiance, and it felt very comfortable.
Jon went through and made sure he explained what he was going to do and exactly what areas he was going to focus on.
I am constantly riding my bike and immediately Jon was able to work out tension in my shoulders that I didn't even know that I had.
He detected some knots in my lower back and was able to stretch out my problem area, which got rid of the pain that I was having.
It has been about a month and the pain hasn't returned, so whatever he did worked!
As a bonus, I have been having less pain while riding my bike (which I didn't even realize was a problem in the first place).
I would highly recommend Jon for anyone looking for a massage, and specifically if they have a problem area or pain that they need to get rid of.

I periodically get massages at places for a sore shoulder and it feels good for about a day.
My massage by Jon at BodySmart for the same reason had entirely different results!
I not only felt better for a day, but several days, and now my shoulder is much better after 1 massage.
Instead of just treating the problem Jon is solving it and I should be pain free shortly.
Great communication before, during, afterwards helps the process.
My wife also gets regular treatments from Jon and has had fantastic results also.
Jon and BodySmart Massage aren't just life changers, they're life improvers!

Thanks for the quick turnaround on the gift certificate for a give away.
I know I donated something to.
I know the person will enjoy it!

I had never really been a massage guy.
A couple times I received a gift certificate and went and it was nice but I was not sold on the experience.
After my massage with Jon I am sold.
Whether it is a therapeutic massage or an all round relaxing experience you see BodySmart and Jon are who you need to see.
An unbelievable experience.

