This place is pretty silly but fun, I suppose - fake 'rustic' decor and staff dressed in what look like sack-cloth shirts.
It's more of a cow byre look than a potting shed, though!
It's not somewhere I'd go all the time but it's in a good spot, and the food looks good.

The last time I was in this building it was someone else's pop-up location.
Suffice to say this is no pop up, and they're here to stay.
The make over is a unique take on shabby chic, but it's clear there's been nothing shabby about the budget.
Food fusion is the menu - with an emphasis on spicing up the simplest of things and making them into hot little numbers.
The onion bah-gees - accompanied by onion rings - is a dish that's definitely for onion lovers.
I'm a lover of quips and quirks.
Hence the chalked up sign with an arrow pointing to "Lavvys" made me chuckle.
The cleanliness made me smile too.
Wash your hands and return to the bar.
It might be the Potting Shed, but there's no emphasis on elderflower and burdock wine, though I wouldn't be surprised to find home-made nettle soup one of these days.
A bit short on the soft drinks front, but no complaints from the beer drinking and cocktail quaffing clientele.
If spicy isn't your bag, check out the burgers.
I did, and I'm happy to recommend.
The management tell me they may be spreading their wings, so watch out for a Potting Shed near you.
They're friendly enough - and didn't even bat an eyelid when the lethal combination of paper napkin, candle, and Simon came to it's inevitable climax.
I can confirm, all that garden shed styled interior is completely non-flammable.

First time here and I really liked it.
It was Tanya's birthday and we were popping down here to have some food.
Y and J were taking advantage of a voucher for kebabs, chips and a cocktail and myself and Caz were joining for full price.
Although it is never nice when one of the party is under the weather with some dreaded lurgy, this worked to my benefit.
Craving comfort food in the form of a roast dinner, myself and Caz opted to share the full roast chicken dinner which came with yorkies, roasties, veggies and gravy.
Being gluten free, the gravy and yorkies were off limits but everything else was fine for consumption.
It was £18 so £9 each and it was fantastic!
The chicken was amazing - I had been offered some alternative sauces on the side (mustard, etc) but the chicken was so beautifully moist and the veggies cooked perfectly.
The meat just fell of the bone and it was so easy to carve that there was little mess.
Myself and Caz were both stuffed and the remainders were wrapped for Caz to take home.
Y and J both enjoyed their kebabs - both the king prawns and the halloumi and veg looked lovely so next time, I'll possibly go down the kebab route.
I actually like the rustic interior.
I know many places are going with themes - chrome/dark wood then the inevitable wooden chopping board, but here there is lots of wood, the gardening theme continued throughout and our chicken came in it's own little veggie box.
Staff were really friendly and our server was lovely - even bringing Tanya's sticky toffee pud complete with a candle.
I've given it four * but this may be revised to a 5 soon - I was on soft drinks last night so I've yet to try the wine list or cocktail list but the range of beers looks good.
Just something a bit different from what other places are doing.
So although the Potting Shed is in the heart of student land - opposite Edinburgh Uni, I think there will be a mixed crowd and I'm already looking forward to popping back :-)

My first visit to The Potting Shed  was during midweek.
Came here on a voucher deal which included "hanging kebabs" and either a schooner (2/3 pint) or a cocktail.
The decor reminded me of Hanging Bat, but this place seems to have more space.
Same dimly lighted atmosphere, though.
You enter through a wooden shed door to a quirkily decorated space with wood, lots of wood and an old piano.
Sofas by the windows.
We sat here, but went to the upper level to a table, as it started to be a bit chilly.
I enjoyed the food.
I had a chicken kebab with chips, accompanied by a small pot of melted garlic butter which you drizzle over your kebab.
Other kebabs on the menu are beef, king prawn, halloumi and cheese.
The food was good and well on flavour, tender chicken pieces - and for me it was quite a portion, I was definitely full afterwards.
For drinks I had a 'schooner of Orchard cider' which is a craft cider.
The staff were friendly but I felt perhaps they could have been more forthcoming.
I would definitely return, though.
They have a nice menu with some interesting options and it's been a while since I had a kebab like this!

The Potting Shed on Potter Row is a really good place to gape at the details they put in to the ambiance.
Reclaimed wood and allotment construction materials are everywhere.
The pictures speak for themselves, but I like to add that the designers have done the theme immensely proud!
I am pleased to see this place (and more like these) has opened.
I serves as an inspiration to others.
We were here on a voucher - don't ask me which one..
I use too many to remember.
We got to choose from chicken or beef kebab.
And a choice of a cocktail or a Schooner of craft draft beer  I chose the beef and Anita A. the chicken.
To be honest I found the chicken a lot tastier, but the beef was well cooked, though a little lacking on taste.
Minor thing is that the place feels drafty, a bit of a chill is there when you sit close to the Windows.
I am sure that if the place fills up the combined body heat will nullify that, but when it not busy you will notice it.
The service was friendly, knowledgeable and efficient to start with, but a little lacklustre later in the evening.
I am still going back as this is quite a place to drink and dine in and I will recommend you to visit when n the neighbourhood.

I was looking forward to trying this place for a drink/pint and bar lunch.
First of all it is very well done up and a lovely place to go.
But the bar arrangement is not the best.
You have to decide from a list of 16 beers/lagers from a black board.
It is difficult to decide as most of the brews are unfamiliar.
My husband was also disappointed in the fact that you could not order a pint...it only serves 2/3 pint.
He said this is the first time he has been in a pub that doesn't serve pints.
The food was very average  (which you expect in a pub) but was a bit pricey.
Overall ok but could and should do better

This is one of the classiest, hipster-ish places in Edinburgh ...
The decor is great, very vintage/ bohemian and demonstrates extraordinary attention to detail.
Prices are a bit steep, but special cocktails are great!
I've never had a problem finding seats, but it's never dead either .

I have a love hate for this place....
Pro's - menu is interesting and the food looks great - decor is interesting as are the staff uniforms keepin the gardening theme running through - staff are friendly and knowledgable on the booze they sell - large selection of beers on tap - reminds me of the hanging bat  Con's - there is no atmosphere even when its really busy - the music was strange everytime I was there.
I will be the first to admit my tastes in music are quite specific and I am not expected Pantera, but last time I was there it seemed to be a Drum and base mix.
This generally made me restless for the time we spent there.
Real ale and break beats seemed some what strange... - We were cleared off a table because it was reserved There was no sign/notice on the table we were just told to move.
Once I try the food I am anticipating a new review with an additional star.

Aaah this reminds me of my dad's haphazard garden shed.
A quirky collection of garden books sit unevenly along a rustic timber shelf, rough patched up walls, furniture appears to have been flung together in a rough and ready style, plant pots posing as lampshades and hessian sacks line the walls.
I love it!
Themed bar as it's best!
There is a wide range of seating depending on what you're in the mood for.
Comfy patched-up couches by the windows; a long bench tables for large groups, plus smaller tables dotted across the split-level rear area for diners.
The Potting Shed have a wide range of bevy, but they have really bought into the craft beer craze!
Location wise there are situation in the middle of studentsville, although it does attract a wide range clientele.
We went here for a bite to eat, ordered the chicken kebabs (don't worry, it's nothing like what you'd get in a late night kebab shop) with big chips covered in garlic oil.
Service was a bit slow and had finished our drinks by the time our food came.
Yes, they were a bit busy (Friday night) but not many folk were eating.
On arrival I was thinking the kebab looked small and I'd be needing dessert, I was proven wrong!
It was nicely filling.
The rest of the menu is a notch above the standard pub fare.
Other food available includes typical Scottish snacks like haggis and black pudding fritters with chip shop curry sauce.
Or on the other scale you can have classy crispy prawns and oriental salad.
Love quirky, thrown together style of this place - I will be back!

The Potting Shed is a take on the same idea as The Hanging Bat and with that goal in mind it is a success.
However like the Hanging Bat the building itself has always had some issues, the Potting Shed hasn't really resolved these...
It is a large box of a building with a raised area which seems designed as a sobriety test.
If all the tables are full it can be loud, but somehow it never has atmosphere.
Despite the bar being large, it isn't suited to standing or sitting by and having a beer.
In short it is a little awkward and not really somewhere to stay all night.
The reason it gets an A-OK from me is down to the beer selection and helpful staff, hopefully with time the bar can find an atmosphere to match the products and the staff who serve them.

This place is warm, big, and pretty quiet even when full.
It's pricy, my drip coffee was 2.50.
I mean, what?
Food is about £10 unless you get the lunch special for £5.
Their beer selection is pretty good- check the bottles out.
Apparently hey do hard liquor, as I rarely drink beer, so I will have to order a manhattan and judge them fiercely.
Tons of my fellow students come here, but if they weren't, I prob wouldn't frequent.
They have maybe one veggie option on the menu, and it's just a bit pricy.
I do Ike the staff and atmosphere, so they get an extra star.
I have not checked out their wifi situation, being so close to school I still pick up that network.

The Potting Shed is interesting for its interior design.
I find it hard to have a clear opinion on this one as it is not my personal favourite style of a bar.
They have a lot of space and it is hard to create a warm atmosphere with as much space and as little windows but I would say they did their best.
The menu is interesting but the portions are not exactly big and I am not overly thrilled  by the food I ordered.
I would go there for a couple of drinks with friends - if they insist we go there .... sorry.

