Great Italian ice, nice location!

Love this new store.
Reminds me of eating Italian ice as a kid in Philly.
Great flavors including green apple, Florida orange, strawberry colada, sour patch kids, and so many more.
The frozen lemonade drink is my new favorite.

Limited flavors on custard and italian ice...  =(  I did not find my blue raspberry...  Got the cream coconut ice with vanilla frozen custard.
It was way too sweet.

I was thrown back at first since this is technically not an indoor location.
They have a variety of flavors which I was told changes daily.
They gave us the suggestion to combine different flavors to make like peanut butter and jelly.
The employees are very friendly and helpful especially if it's your first time there.
There is plenty of outdoor seating and shade if you would like to stay and enjoy your custard/ice concoction.

Smaller location with limited flavors but still very good.
Nice to have a local Rita's to go to.

Went to Rita's for the first time today and was greeted warmly by staff.
I explained that this was my first visit.
The employee took time to explain the different options available and then offered me a few samples.
Once I made my choice, the employee I was working with made my treat and gave it to me as I moved down the line of customers.
Other employees were equally as friendly as they assisted in the sale.
I had chosen a mango/custard drink.
The large size was more than enough to drink.
It was very yummy!
I felt that the price was quite fair for what I received.
The store was clean, bright, and cheerful.
All in all, it was a great experience.
It was a nice alternative to it's next door neighbor which is where I typically go for beverage treats!
I will definitely go back again.
It was a great experience!
(Oops!!
This review is for my visit at their  location on Union Hills/and the 101, The Arrowhead Union Hills South Shopping Center)  :-)

It was hot out so I thought I would give this place a shot.
The frozen custard is something different for me, but I found it very refreshing.
For me it was a cross between shaved ice and ice cream and you can't really go wring with either.
We tried the flavor of the moth which was the watermelon chocolate.
It was different but good.
It was hard to taste the watermelon over all the little bits of actual chocolate they put in it but it did hit the spot.

What's not to love?!
The always offer to give you samples of flavors that might interest you and the flavors never disappoint.
I love that there are so many combinations of custard and ice.
The locations in AZ don't have even a fraction of the flavors I have seen in Rita's locations in New Jersey, but I still love what they've got.
I usually get vanilla custard with lemonade and raspberry, which is an amazing flavor combo!

