Very very good burgers!
I love that you can put fried eggs on them too.
If you want a very greasy but tasty burger try this place, it will not disappoint.

Smash burger doesn't disappoint me.
Burgers are always on point.
I just found out today that there's this spot.
I don't have to drive all the way to Tempe.
This spot is only 2+ miles away from me.
This is one of my cheat meal spot.
Wifey and kids loves it.
Over all experience was great.
Everyone is helpful.

Burgers here are good - cooked after you order them and delivered hot and fresh.
The ingredients are likewise fresh -- get the Arizona burger ...
It has fresh jalapeño slices on it.
Also good are the salads -- spinach and goat cheese with balsamic is excellent... Add a chicken breast for some extra protein.
I find the black bean 'veggie' burger to be tasty but a little dry and difficult to eat: it falls apart before you can get it into your face.
You can get any burger 'big' if you want it a little bigger.

I am home recuperating feeling sorry for myself.
But my lovely wife stopped by Smash Burger and brought me a FANTASTIC big burger with Avocado and bacon.
That was the best medicine I could been prescribed.
Juicy, flavorful.
Perhaps the medical profession should take note.
;-):-)

The staff here were very friendly.
However, what impressed me was the alternative choices on the menu.
I found that black bean vegetarian burgers were available and that potato-based french fries could be substituted with green bean and carrots fries.
It may cost a little more to eat healthier, but I think it's worth it.
Now that I see this is not a typical burger joint, I think I may eat here more often.

We go to Smashburger every other month or so.
We do find their burgers, salads and fried pickles delicious!
Friendly and efficient staff as well.
The only thing that drives me  nuts though is that we all usually order different sides and they never come in the same basket as the burger/ sandwhich it was ordered with.
I don't understand how this happens but it does Every Single Time!
But we still go back because the food is great.

