Jeremiah's Taproom is the new incarnation for what was the Elm Bar just up from Valvona and Crolla.
Big change in character but still not trying to be too fancy - relaxed feel, lots of wood, tiles and armchairs.
There are also tables outside in a cordoned off area.
I didn't have the chance to try the food, as the kitchen was not quite ready but it is now, and the menu looks decent, promoting their burgers as well worth a visit.
I did get the chance to try the beer, which was a decent mix of more traditional favourites and some more "crafty" cask and keg all from a big central island bar.
I had the Alchemy Cairnpapple, Redwell IPA and Tiny Rebel Full Nelson.
All served well and tasted clean.
I will need to give this place another go soon, to check out the food.
Interested to see how it develops.
I did notice a couple of the staff were not quite up on what they were serving, so good to see confidence grow and get established.

Only ventured into the previous guise of this bar once or twice over the years mainly because it could get a bit rough even in the afternoon.
Now it is a very changed place for the better.
The place is now a lot brighter and the space feels much more open.
the staff are pleasant and the place has a very different feel.
The seats are well comfy!
The menu looks interesting enough if you want some quick food, and what I saw going out to other punters looked pretty good.
The beers on offer were good - cider, real ales and West, so our group was happy with that.
I will definately head back the next time we are wandering arioung leith.

This is a fantastic new craft beer bar!
The place before was not good at all!
The new people have really made inside this bar modern and fresh!
Good craft beer on tap & good bottled beer too!
I was in today and had "The Italian" beef burger that comes with a side of French Frys...
It was perfect!
Really enjoyed the food!
Staff are very good at job!
My first time and I WILL be back!

Remember "Cheers!
" - oh you don't?
- you must have yet to pass 25 springs then..
When I set foot in here I was expecting the crowd to go "Norm!
" (http://tinyurl.com/nqxdkc6) and taking seat at the opposite end of the bar.
- That is how my first impression was.
The bar is central and has most wonderful crafted nectar on draft - my current favourite is the Innis & Gunn Oak Matured.
The rest of the place is filled out with comfortable(!
) bar chairs and high top tables to chat, snack and drink.
They do bar food, their offerings are homemade Burgers, very good skinny fries and Hot Dogs, not just any.. noooo hooo nooo CROMBIES!
That's right, the most revered and famous butcher this side of Scotland.
I had the Chili Dog - now the dog itself was amazing, the chili beef was a let down (-1 star) - a little more spice and flavour would have been so much better.
Their dessert list includes a very tasty Banana split too, yummy  I am very pleased the bar has opened and it makes a very pleasant addition to the area - which so far only had Joseph Pearce as a 'cosy' bar.
You'll find me in here more often, possibly so much that at one point they WILL greet me with 'Ray!
' when I walk through the door.
Watch this space.

A new addition to the Elm Row, welcome Jeremiah's Taproom!
Went here on a voucher deal (hot dogs and half pint of Innis Gunn or glass of house wine).
I didn't have much expectations, but after trying the hot dog I must say it is the best one I have had for a loong time.
The hot dog and accompanying fries came in a wooden box, it looked cool.
It was so tasty - a slightly smoky taste and the fries were perfect, skinny and crispy.
I wolfed down the lot!
Dessert was banana split, which was a bit meh as I've had a really nice one elsewhere, but nevertheless it was a nice ending to a lovely meal.
The staff in Jeremiah's Taproom are very friendly and welcoming and I will be back for sure.

Well.....what to say ....  We got a deal on Itison for two hotdogs and a half pint of Innis and Gunn or a glass for wine for £9.
Good deal!
Smaller than I thought, we had reserved a table and when I arrived people were already sitting there, which was no problem as i was early.
My partner arrived and we sat at another table until ours became free, we would have just sat at the other table for the duration but the door was opening continually and a very cold breeze would catch you and so we waitied on the table further away from the door.
Id imagine that this pub isnt all that warm most of the time and I am a total girl and need heat in this weather.
We ordered two chilli dogs and they arrived with fries in a wooden box, nice touch, The cocktails here are only £6.95...so yes i ordered a Margarita!
was pretty poor to be honest!
The hotdog meal was okay and I dont think i would have paid full price for the meal.
Beer selection was okay but i have been in pubs with a much better selection.
I go the impression that Jeremiah is trying to be the next Hanging Bat, but just not at good as!

Woah!
A fine establishment for a NYE bash!
There were fourteen of us at the table ready for some dinner!
The menu was small but still varied.
I think it's good this way especially on a busy night and i imagine the kitchen was small too.
I started with the smoked salmon on soda bread with dill butter, which was nice.
the salmon was just right and the soda bread worked pretty well with it.
For mains I opted for the venison burger which was meaty as you would expect and the mulled plums were a welcome delight (yes on the burger!
)  - they worked well with the blue cheese and the meat.
The bun was good too - ciabatta.
to finish off was brownie and chocolate ice cream.
the brownie was nice, how ever the chocolate ice cream could have been richer as it was lost with the brownie and just melted too quickly on the plate.
The starters and mains overall were good but the the desserts just lacked something.
The wait in between courses was too long.
the entire service was just inder three hours, which would not go down well on a regular night.
I'm not writing this place off as it was NYE and would like to give it another try!
Oh they missed the coffee & Tea with the mint which was included in the price !!!
I know it was busy and there was probably nae need for it but would of like to have been asked!
I think 4 out of 5 stars is fair for this review!

Oh Jeremiah.
I had high hopes for you, but they weren't met.
New Year's Day, and Jeremiah's Taproom was one of the few pubs open.
Conveniently it's also over the road from my boyfriend's work, so it made sense to pop in for a bite to eat and a hair of the dog after he'd finished his shift.
When we arrived it was pretty busy, but they were happy to serve food to us if we sat at the bar, and it's a nice deep bar top too so plenty of room.
It being the festive period, and deliveries being rather sporadic, we were informed that out of their pretty vast menu, they only had 5 burgers available (that's out of everything, not just out of the burgers), but that was okay as it was burgers we were after anyway.
I ordered the Black 'n' Blue beef burger, which comes with blue cheese, and my sister ordered the same but with the vegetarian patty instead.
Our food took a while to arrive, but not a horribly unreasonable length of time really.
The main problem was the fact that it was burnt.
Now, anyone who has tasted my cooking, knows that I'm inclined to cook things til they start to cinder (what can I say, I like my food crispy!
), but I wouldn't expect the same in a restaurant (okay, a pub).
The bun had been toasted to the point of being blackened, and worse still the burger itself was burnt!
Not so much so that I sent it back, I ate it, but it probably shouldn't have been sent out.
My sister was a bit disappointed with the veggie burger too, and the rather mean serving of blue cheese.
Taste wise it was all quite nice, but nothing more than that.
Nothing to write home about.
And the real let down was the service.
The bar manager served us, and was very friendly, but being the manager he was also quite busy and not at the bar all the time.
The staff who were, looked absolutely miserable (understandable as it was a public holiday and they were at work, but come on guys!
) and spent more time doing odd jobs (filling up straws, cleaning the bar etc.
) than actually serving customers, despite the pub being rather busy - and on more than one occasion keeping patrons waiting to be served while they fannied about.
We sat for a good while with empty glasses before the bar manager reappeared and took a fresh order, having been ignored by everyone else.
And then when it came to pay, the barman who we'd asked to bring our bill did so with the most sullen look on his face, saying not a word, and then did not return to collect our money, we actually had to go and seek out another member of staff as we'd been waiting some time.
So why have I given Jeremiah's Taproom 3 stars, rather than 2?
Well, the pub itself is lovely, a very nice place to spend the afternoon.
And the burgers were alright, and probably not indicative of the menu as a whole.
And of course it was a public holiday, and I understand that the staff no doubt had other places they'd rather be.
I do intend to return, it's convenient and I'd like to try more of the menu.
Plus it's a good alternative to Joseph Pearce's at this end of Leith Walk.
But really, if I had to get my red pen out and write a verdict based on my visit, it'd be MUST TRY HARDER.

i think it's hard for most places to really shine in the holiday season.
there are loads of set menus and a huge amount of diners arriving in very large parties meaning that a restuarant can find its kitchen overwhelmed with multiple orders at the same time and unhappy people waiting a very long time for food and drink.
with that in mind, i didn't have high expectations for my first visit to Jeremiah's Taproom as a large group of us were going for hogmany dinner and drinks.
we arrived a bit early, but the waitress assured us the table would be ready in five minutes, which is pretty much was.
we were seated through in the small backroom area since our party was so largre this was the only way to get 15 people round one table.
the room was nice though and i appreciated the fact that it was a wee bit quieter than the front bar making it easier to talk.
the table though was in an L shape which made it a bit awkward for people to get out when needing to get more drinks.
although we booked dinner for 7:30pm and arrived on time and were seated, our meals didn't actually start arriving until well past 8:30pm.
i was a bit annoyed as i was starving and 3 glasses of prosecco into the night, but i did appreciate that this place has a small kitchen and it appeared only one waitress.
that said when our starters did arrive my smoked salmon with soda bread looked pretty tasty and was devoured quickly!
sadly that meant a rather lengthy wait for the main to arrive which for me was the venison burger with skinny fries.
when the burger did arrive i was well pleased with my choice and really enjoyed it!
the burger itself was juicy and had a nice covering of blue cheese to give a tangy taste mixed with the sweetness of the mulled plums.
there was loads of fries so many i couldn't finish them and i had to take the burger out of the bun as there was just a bit too much bread.
dessert was really the only let down as yet again it was another long wait and when my cheeseboard finally did arrive i was a bit shocked that one of the cheeses was a fairly large scoopy of philadelphia cream cheese... a bit cheap, but the other two cheeses a blue cheese and i think a cheddar were good although i found the digestive biscuits served with them a bit dry and too sweet to be eaten with cheese.
overall, minus the slow service due to such a busy night for this bar, i found my dinner really quite nice.
drinks were good as well and not too pricey (possibly a £1 less than what you'd pay in the centre of town).
so i will definitely go back here to try things out on a normal night and hope that the service improves as the food is tasty and i would definitely go back to try another burger.

I had been looking forward to trying Jeremiah's Taproom.
Since opening, there was a bit of buzz about how this bar had transformed it's previous incarnation, with American style food and a more modern (yet still classic) style.
So when my friends organised a New Year's Eve celebration here, with a three course dinner for £19.95, I was quite happy!
My starter of prawn cocktail was really delicious, my venison burger main was also really good (and pretty much 90% of our party ordered it), but the bailey's cheesecake didn't taste of baileys at all.
Just plain cheese really (not even vanilla).
And we didn't get the coffee / tea and 'mint' specified on the menu.
I did feel that for £19.95 this was quite pricey for a nice prawn starter and burger, and ok dessert.
You'd maybe pay £15 on a normal night for these three things together.
The manager, Jane, was really quite wonderful.
On the phone, beforehand, dealing with many different people in our party calling in to add themselves to the booking, and with their orders.
And also during the night.
A great laugh, and lovely host.
However, throughout the night some members of the bar staff were aggresively rude, without being provoked.
I'm usually very tolerant of staff who are a bit stressed and perhaps not 100% on the mark, due to a busy night etc.
And it being NYE, it was busy.
But when my friend ordered drinks, and then was waiting for the price so he could pay, the bar tender came oer and without even telling him the amount, threw his arms out and said very loudly with a scowl on his face "come on man, help me out here" as if to say "just pay already" and we both hadn't heard him tell us the amount.
That was just one incident of many.
It's a busy night, yes, but it's NYE so be prepared to handle lots of people with at least a netural face, if not a smile.
Certainly not a scowl.
I\d come back for the very tasty food, especially the burger; but perhaps not to make friends?

Interesting to note the range of reviews for Jeremiah's Taproom: there's little disagreement on the quality of the venue and the food, plus the range of drinks is full and fulsome (once you've spotted the range of beer on tap set back from the serving area).
The service seems to be the factor losing marks and I am confident that over time this will resolve itself.
Why so confident?
Because the manager (Jane) was excellent with all of us in the group I attended with and I can see that when times are quieter they can handle the place with style and grace.
Some of the food took a while though, folk I knew in a different group were chucked out on what seemed flimsy evidence and without much opportunity to appeal to the decision.
You should definitely pay a visit to this establishment if you're in the area or fancy a really big, tasty venison burger - but maybe at a quieter time of the week.

