I'd Give Them A Zero For Hospitality & A Zero For Enthusiasm!!!
I Was So Excited Walking In & Nothing!!!
About 7 Girl's All Dressed In Black Looked At Me When I Walked In & Out & Didn't Say A Word!!!
And Its There Grand Opening!!!
You Need To Clean House Already Cause That Will Not Last!!!!
What A Shame!!!
Oh Well!!

I love this place!
The location is perfect, super easy to get in and out of and LOTS of parking.
The second I entered, the staff greeted me and asked if I wanted check out the boutique or grab a drink from the cafe.
My first trip to LOOK, I got a mani/pedi in the essie Nail Lounge.
There are hundreds of colors to choose from (love my pink glitter!!
) and the space is EXTREMELY clean.
Everyone is polite and professional.
This place is a must see and must experience!
I'm going back this week for my first blowout!

I love the space and the salon I couldn't be happier!
Come in and enjoy this amazing destination and stop in for a great tan, cut and color or an amazing blow out!
Give them a call today!

This is such a beautiful location!
Very friendly and attentive staff.
Definitely a one stop beauty destination, with a fun and gorgeous interior that was impeccably clean.
The ladies over there at Sam Villa's Hairshow were great!

I got a great essie gel manicure that is showing no signs of chipping, My only complaint is that I had an appointment and still had to wait 10 - 15 minutes.
Also, the manicure was supposed to take one hour and took nearly two hours.
But they are just opening so I can see past that.
I'll be back!

I highly recommend Look Style Society.
Everything is thoroughly thought through; from the accommodating hours, the friendly staff, the decor and ambiance, to anything you need for beauty, they have.
Definitely a great place to start your day off too, or even end your day with!

Ask for Darlene when you book a manicure and/or pedicure!
My pedi with her the other day was the most professional, high quality service I have ever received.
Her foot massage is AMAZING!
I can't wait to go back!

Go see KC!
He will clean you up and does a perfect fade!
Been to many salons over my last 5 years in Las Vegas and this place is where it's at!
Super relaxing, fresh feel, and KC hooked it up with an espresso shot and coffee to sip on while he cleaned me up!

Okay so I just moved here from Arizona and I am SO picky about my hair.
It comes from managing a salon for two years.
A friend told me to go see KC and I am so incredibly happy I did.
(because who wants to go from salon to salon with fiasco after fiasco until they find KC?
)  I came in because I had leftover pink in my hair and needed it out before a job interview.
He discussed the options with me and we went with a color correction (he had to do it twice the pink was that stubborn).
He let me know what he was doing step by step which was great because I had never had this done.
My hair is platinum blonde with ZERO gold/yellow/brass it is basically as ashy as it comes.
I let him know I wanted it to stay that way just minus the cotton candy pink tint :D   He did an AMAZING job and really brought my original platinum to an even better color!
He has a great personality and will make you laugh which is a bonus because we spent quite a few hours hanging out in that chair.
Needless to say he is my recommendation (though I am sure everyone else is just as up to par, they were super friendly while I was there!
) I have already booked for my re-touch in 4 weeks

This salon is beautiful and the location is perfect.
I love it!
Go see my hairstylist Charles Azzi..
He is so amazing!
You will always leave happy!!!
Thank you, Charles!

Beautiful salon and great location!
I can't rave enough about KC!
He is amazing.
Every single treatment he has ever done to my hair has come out perfect - from color to cuts to Brazilian blowouts.
Best hairdresser I have ever had!

The Essie Gel Manicure lasted like no other and was so difficult too get off without soaking.
The blow out bar was great too Unbelievable friendly service, Everyone is so professional and welcoming.
I did a spray tan there today  and felt totally comfortable with Raquel and it was my first spray tan ever.
I know other salons haven't made it in Town Square but all of us locals need to patronize this place so that it succeeds.

I made an appointment to see Rachel Hightower to cut 12 inches off.
I've had long hair for years and she was so comforting!
Definitely my favorite hair stylist, she calmed me down because I was freaking out about cutting so much hair off and the experience here was absolutely amazing.
As soon as I got there I found parking immediately and when i met with the hair stylist, she was professional and so nice.
We went to shampooing as soon as I got there and she was so gentle and careful with the water.
I asked for a blunt straight cut about 3 inches past my shoulders, she managed to cut my hair perfectly just how I requested.
I love my new haircut!
After she was finish cutting, she styled my hair and as if I couldn't love my hair cut anymore, she proved me wrong.
When she was done, I fell in love with my hair!
I'm planning to go back to Rachel to get my hair dyed because it was such a fun experience at LOOK and this is coming from someone who is extremely picky and traumatized from past haircuts and colored at other salons.

Make an appt to see KC!
I have been going to him for at least a year and even followed him to Look from another salon.
I am VERY particular about my hair and who I let cut it... and KC is by far the best stylist I have ever had.

I will give the front desk 5 stars.
But- the makeup artist who decided to blow me off so that I missed the shuttle to my class reunion- 0 stars.
The front desk worked very hard at trying to help.
Stay away from Rachel.
She worked on a woman for an hour at my expense.

I may not care for the spray tans here but I love their amazing employees AJ (hair) & Jackie (nails)!
Friendly and they do an awesome job!
It's also a beautiful place that offers little things that most others don't.
It feels like a spa but ultra sheik.
Parking is pretty easy too.
There are a lot of great things about this place.
I wish I had more time and money to really explore all they offer.

Got a Spray tan with my girlfriend before a girls trip to Austin, we loved it!!!
It lasted for days and had no gross smell like so many others.
Excited to get another spray tan.
Thank You Look Style Society

I was in town and drove past this place and thought why not?...
I booked a pedicure and a blowout style.
The salon set up was interesting...
When walking in, first thing I noticed was the overly large retail area.
At least 2,000 sf.
All the retail was neatly displayed in crisp white retail units and labeled above.
The reception desk was centered but pushed pretty far back.
Off to the left, there was a good size cafe.
They offer coffee, tea, water and snacks.
There is a charge for this.
I didn't mind but generally salons offer you a cup of coffee, tea or a glass of wine.
Upstairs stairs they have independent hairdressers and a room to rent for photographers, wedding parties, etc..
The main floor, opposite end of the cafe, they have a nail room (nails and pedicures) and another room for more hair.
To my understanding, the nail people were independent as well.
The hair people working on the main floor were employed by "Look Style Society.
"    The nail / pedicure area  were spotless, modern feel with a bit of glam added to it.
The hair area was also in crisp / stark white to match the retail units I'm guessing.
Darlene did my pedicure.
She was meticulous.
I liked my hair person but not crazy about my hair style.
Instead of asking me about my personal likes, I was asked if I'd would like option X, Y and Z.
When I returned back to my hotel, my hubby thought I returned from a southern pageant of some sort vs a hair salon.
Ha-ha.
I just chalked it up as a Vegas thing.
The bottom line is it's just hair.
It wasn't cut, just washed, blow dried and styled.
If you are wanting something in particular, bring in a picture, be specific in what you want or go with the flow...

This review is for spray tan facilities only.
I was a spray tan virgin and wanted to give it a go.
I called & made appt w/ Raquel.
On arrival this place is so stinking cute - 2 story, open loft style with great design, a coffee bar complete w/ seating and a lot of boutique/product space.
Perfect spot for a girls day out, birthday parties etc.
The front desk was in my opinion over staffed & they are still learning how to greet customers.
Raquel was very friendly, we chatted about my tan desires - I am suppper white/fair so wanted to err on the lighter side.
She mixed up my color and I went into a private back room with her.
She was very friendly, professional, obviously being naked with a stranger can be awkward but it wasn't for me & she makes you feel at ease.
Two coats, then some blow drying & you are done!
Warning: As this tan dries/sets you get a lot of imperfections and weird dark streaks and blotchiness.
However after waiting 8 hours and showering it is PERFECT!
The bronzer is what you are seeing get blotchy and it is what lets the sprayer know where he or she has sprayed.
Anyway, love it!
I will be back!

In LOVE with my blowout and makeup!
Next time I'm in Vegas, DEFINITELY coming here for hair by Owen and makeup by Amanda.
HOOKED IT UP for our wedding party!
Feeling beautiful!
Thank you!

Use the code angelovip until the end of May for some good deals!
Great concept and location...there is a coffee shop inside so skip the terrible coffee from Coffee Bean.
Angelo has done a blowout for me a couple times now and he does a great job and remembers me every time (I hate when people can't remember their clients) I also have gotten my nails done with Jackie....I asked for pink with silver glitter ombre....showed her a pic and she did them perfect...I am on week 3 and nails still look good!

I seriously love this place!
My sister and I were out and decided to get pedi's and she suggested we try this place!
Love her for that!
I am in love!
We were about ten minutes away so we called and was told that we could come right in!
We did just that!
Five star service all the way.....   We were greeted with a nice friendly energetic welcome, and it personally made me want to come in and explore!
The receptionist asked if we could wait a minute or two so that the technicians could get set up, so we decided to walk around!
It is extremely clean, open, airy, and very well lit!
There is an area where you can browse products that range from makeup, hair care products, jewelry, and nail polish!
We stumbled upon the cafe which is cute and convenient!
As we walked by an employee named Hope who appeared to be on a break offered to show us around!
She was very informative and had a wealth of product knowledge on all the products and items there for purchase- I loved that because I always have a ton of questions!
I was very impressed with the customer service here, Hope did not have to offer to show us around!
That's says a lot to me about their customer service!
Felisha did my pedicure and I will say that my pedicure was epic!
She was soo friendly, and was very accommodating!
She made small talk, but she also let me enjoy the relaxation!
Great massage, and a wonderful paint job!
love that they use all Essie nail products and have over 300 colors to choose from-they really have over 300 colors!
Also another technician named Darlene brought me a bottle of Dasani water without me even asking!
I will definitely be back to see Felisha for another pedicure and, try the cafe and possibly get some other services!
Ooh and not to mention that they stay open until 10 o'clock- AMAZING!

I had my nails done with Gel by Felisha, and honestly it was the best manicure experience I've ever had!
She was mindful, attentive and talented!
She expertly polished my nails, taking care to dry each individually.
She was a forward thinker and an entertaining conversationalist!
I would give her ten stars if I could!
The place was clean and neat, the staff overall were all very nice.
The prices were also within my budget!
I highly recommend Look Style Society!

I had an absolutely AMAZING experience!
For all your hair cut/style/color needs, you MUST see KC!
I found KC on therescuestore.com.
I got an AWESOME new hairstyle as my reward for donating to Central's care ministries.
KC is a master at making your hair look the best it's ever looked!
I walked out if there feeling like a celebrity!
Because I have curly hair I have always struggled in finding someone who knows exactly what to do with it!
My curly hair has found it's soulmate in KC!
Thanks KC!

I've been here for an inital all over color which yes it had been a while since ive done anything big with my hair so anything was better than what it was and was looking to get just my roots touched up and make a second appointment.
Although I wasnt entirely satisifed my first time I figured it was a fluke and somewhat the nature of the business.
I wanted to stick with the same person, same color/brand etc and hoped this go'round would be easier and more straightforward.
Unfortunatly Im canceling my appointment due to multiple let downs.
First let me say I work in townsquare so when the owner offered a discount, absolutly (turns out the discount was $10).
The location is convienent, seems geared towards locals, etc.
Long story short, the prices stated online were not what my hairstylist charged.
After seeing the numbers online and speaking with reception I had agreed, but when I arrived at my appointment, my hairstylist claimed that he set his own prices.
Fine.
Ill pay a little extra because im already here.
He did an okay job but what I wanted was simple.
Allover color, no highlights, simple.
When we finished he inquired about a trim and gave me the whole OMG your hair is so dead yadda yadda you need to buy all this product, you know the speal.
I keep it simple, dont use a ton and have my own treatments I do at home for less I know that hair is not going to magically become some silky , thick full bodied head of hair, it's already dead, its just the amount of process you continue to dry it out with.
Anywho,  I told him no thank you and he didnt seem to like that too much.
So i agreed to the 5 min or less trim which he then doubled the cost of my appointment for!!!
My bill was now over 160$!!!!!
Ive never been to somewhere that was this manipulative.
Ive paid a lot for my hair in the past but that was three colors, highlights, and a cut and style.
He told me a trim was just as intricate as a full style :/ I wasnt in the mood at argue, just wanted to go home at this point.
So here I am 6 weeks later ready to give it a go and get my roots touched up.
His quote, which I made sure to ask for, is even more than the inital color.
REALLY!!!!!!?
He claims to have given me this huge discount because it was my first time and even looking online now, they've taken down their price sheet but there are a couple quotes for color on there.
This is obsurd, so much for having a local stylist I can trust.
This place is well put together but I dont think its fair that each stylist can have their own price sheet.
Needless to say im watiting till I head back home to a much better hairstylist and friend who I would rather give my money to in turn for a color im happy with.
This place is frustrating.
I dont mind paying for quality but the moment you try to rip me off we have a problem.

Had Essie Gel Pedicure with Darlene.
She burned a couple of times my foot with the lamp, but I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt and still gave her 20% tip.
Salon itself is great, but it would be nice to have larger selection for the Essie Gel services technicians.

I actually followed my hairstylist Charles Azzi to LOOK Style Society.
After many years of visiting him over at the Robert Cromeans salon inside The Mandalay Bay, I found this place less of a hassle to get to than having to fight time dealing with traffic, parking and people walking through a casino just to get your hair touched up.
Charles is AMAZING.
I even got several of my friends to visit him religiously after having my hair speak so highly for itself.
He is skillful at what he does and understands hair of all types.
Did I forget to mention that my hair is COARSE?!
It honestly takes a person with coarse hair himself to understand how to cut, treat and care for it until your next visit.
Above everything else, I value his judgment.
Charles is the type of person that refuses to style your hair a certain way if it doesn't suit you.
He's very observant with your physical characteristics so that your hair will flow with the style of your whole being.
That's the best quality about him.
Other than Charles, the rest of the staff are friendly, personable and very accommodating even though you might not be THEIR client.
I even did a walk-in for a blowout one afternoon and Mariana was spot on with how I wanted my hair to look that day.
So local or not, be sure to drop a visit; then take advantage of happy hour around the square and end the night watching a movie.
-end of a productive day-

Love.
Emily is adorable and goes great nails.
Definitely gained me as a client today.
Who doesn't love a good blow out?!
Locals can get their first one free.
Their hours are amazing and front desk super cool to fit me in.
I will be back and try a spray tan next time.

Second visit was with Owen.
I'm not sure if bc my first blow out was free it was different but Owen is a-mazing.
I got an aromatherapy head massage at the shampoo bowl which was so relaxing.
He even helped me pick out some Frankie Rose eye shadow and lip gloss for my night out.
Ill definitely be a regular.
My next appt with Owen is in two weeks.

I've been to many blow dry bars all over the country and hands down, this one is the best!
I've had AJ & Jocelyn style my hair.
They've nailed the look I was going for and more!
The salon itself is fabulously designed!
I'm sure you won't be disappointed with their services!
I highly recommend this place.
Ooh and be sure to refresh with their cucumber water!

