So fresh fruit Boba is the only way to go, and I can now accept nothing less, so seeing a fresh fruit location open on my side of town is fantastic, and OMG delivers.
I have tried both the Taro smoothie and Taro/Coconut blend, and both were delicious.
This location also uses Real Taro in their smoothie, which is the first place  I have come by that does this.
It is starchy, but tasty.
The texture of the Boba is also not to chewy, and not at all to firm.
There is not much for decor yet, but OMG has only been open for just over 2 weeks, and they are already making tasty boba so no complaints.
Located on lake mead and rampart, the location is small and easy to miss, so keep an eye out!

Great to have a boba place right down the street, I no longer have to wait until my china town trips to enjoy some dank taro!
Ive tried this place twice and have been fully satisfied

Itty Bitty OMG Boba Tea Review   - Open 4 months in my neck of the woods at Lake Mead and Rampart.
-  61 flavors listed on the menu board.
Small is 16 ounces, medium is 24 ounces, large is 32 ounces.
- Good thing the owner helped with suggestions or I would have taken forever to choose - Went with avocado black sesame boba--OMG, very tasty!
- Get a stamp card, buy 10 drinks, get 1 free.
- Open 9:00am - 9:00pm everday - I think I'll be filling up my stamp card quickly!

The fresh fruit smoothies are to die for.
I had the strawberry mango smoothie with mango popping pearls and I was on Cloud 9.
It was unbelievably fresh and the pearls just melted in your mouth.
Now, you might be wondering why I gave this place such a low rating since I'm praising their drinks.
Well, the answer is simple: horrible customer service.
When I walked in, the guy who was supposed to be on register was outside, smoking.
The woman who was making the drinks was in the back, nowhere to be found.
I was standing at the counter for a good 5-10 minutes before either of them realized I was there.
Secondly, you can't understand a word they were saying.
Thirdly, they didn't have any boba.
I came in at about 7:45 pm and they closed at 9 pm, so I guess it's understandable.
They also charge an extra 30 cents if you use card, so bring cash.
But the one that threw me off the most was that, after I ordered, the guy who was smoking outside proceeded to make my drink, coughing and clearing his throat of phlegm as he was doing it.
Nasty as hell.
Overall, they have great drinks that I would gladly come in again to get, but it definitely will not be my go-to boba spot.

From the time I wrote my previous review till now, I was contacted by Kevin L. I believe he is the business owner but nevertheless, he apologized to me for the experience that I had at this establishment and I really appreciated that.
Because of that, I have decided to give this place one more star.
I'll be back soon to check on the place and hopefully add more stars to the top.

I love this place, some of the best boba I've had.
There's so many flavors (pineapple, watermelon, teas, slushes, smoothies, etc) that I've yet to have every flavor.
I've never been disappointed with one yet :) The boba is good too.
Some places have smaller boba, or they have an odd flavor.
But I love the boba and popping pearls here.
The prices are what make it five stars though.
3.50 for small, 3.90ish for medium, and 4.50 for large.
And it's really a lot for your money.
They have a points card too!

Hey guys,      If you're in the area and in the mood for some good boba with great service, then give OMG a shot.
From the first time I've been here to the last time, great service is what I got.
On top of that, they have some of the tastiest and warmest boba around.
I'm happy that OMG opened up in my gf's hood because it eliminates those days of having to drive to Chinatown to get my boba fix.
OMG hasn't been around long and they will soon have snow slush.
In the meantime, you can smoothies and slush with a plethora of flavors.
My drink of choice...just an iced coffee or a hot coffee with boba.
This has also been the only thing that I ever get here.
If it ain't broke, why fix it?
Right?
Obviously, I'm a fan of boba and a fan of OMG.
See you here.
PS:  The owners are great.
Next time you're here, say hello to Kevin.
He's the little secret behind OMG's success.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (044/366)

Without a doubt great Tea and fresh drinks.
The service is great.
The business is clean.
The range of tea and other drinks are extensive.
And quality of product is high!
They make everything with fresh fruits and juices.
This place is pretty legit.
52 different drinks are made here with fresh boba.
I've seen them with buckets of fruit and vegetables slicing and dicing.
From seeing this it made me feel I was getting what I paid for.
No purée or other garbage is thrown in.
Also it's a family run business.....

OMG....Boba Tea...right near me!
No more long treks to Chinatown LV just to get some damn tea!
Literally this place is less than 10 minutes away from my home!
Nice!
I'm not originally a fan of boba, had it many times but it just doesn't appeal to me.
Overly sweet, chalky flavored 'tea', with stupid tapioca balls that do nothing for you except add calories and spike your blood sugar!
It's like a fitness trainer's worse nightmare!
To keep my classic physique (whut..round is a shape) I try to stay away from the stuff.
Plus, for all the artificial you get, sometimes boba can cost as much as a trip to Starbucks!
But I'll give props to OMG Boba Tea...this little shop gets it right!
Simple, easy to read menu, lots of flavor combinations and drinks (over 50 of them), good, fresh fruits and ingredients, good service, and wow...boba made correctly!
I'm pretty simple when it comes to a boba tea drink, I go for either a coffee, a taro, or a Thai tea boba.
But most times I go without the boba...it irritates me to no end sometimes getting those damn things up the straw!
But I will make an exception at OMG.
Their boba is actually of good quality.
Their sized right, their not too hard and not too soggy, and they actually have taste!
They actually use good quality tea and juice products as well.
No powders or extra sugar that I can see, just lots of fruits and veggies, and a ton of chopping and blending!
Just goes to show you can have a little itty-bitty shop with no frills and as long as you do it right and do it well, people will come.
Freshness is king!
Pricing is akin to what you would find for boba tea anywhere in Chinatown, within the $4 - $5 range depending on the size of your drink plus any extras.
But with OMG, you get so much better quality!
In the words of mega-star Fergie of Fergalicious fame, it's "Tasty, tasty!
"  I would much rather have a boba drink at OMG than anywhere else in LV currently.
With the vast choices of fresh drinks, and the friendly customer service (does their son remind you of Russell from the movie 'UP'?
LOL, didn't know they had a Wilderness Explorer badge for BOBA), my family and I will be back time and time again to try something different!
Oh yeah, they have a customer card for all...buy 10 boba, get 1 free!
Go fresh, and go often!

I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could.
Being from the OC, I have access to some of the best boba on the west coast.
OMG Boba Tea definitely contends.
First of all it looks like a typical, simple boba place.
The first thing I noticed was a table in the front covered in fresh fruit.
I ordered a large mango slush with boba and my brother ordered a large mocha slush.
The mango slush is so thick and refreshing, you can taste the fresh mangos.
Most boba places use powder and artificial sweetener.
I can definitely appreciate that the drink never separated.
The boba isn't the best, but the mango slush made up for that.
My brother's mocha slush was alright.
I want to try their popping boba next time.
The prices are great as well.
A large is $4.80, something you hardly see in SoCal.
I can't even finish it!
The location is great as my family lives in Summerlin and we don't have to drive out to Chinatown.
I am a huge fan and will be returning shortly in the hot summer!

What a wonderful fresh fruit Boba place next to BigLots on Lake Mead and Rampart!
After being introduced to Boba by some friends last year, I have been addicted ever since!
When I saw this Boba place open up so close to me so, I had to try it!
I've been there twice since they've opened and I have to say, I am very impressed.
Up until I visited OMG Boba, I had no idea that the other Boba places I had been to weren't using fresh fruit!!
Because they use fresh fruit, the taste and texture is SO much better!
Head on over before Summer ends, and don't forget to grab a punch card!

First time coming here today and it's a great place if you want something to satisfy your boba craving without having to drive to Chinatown.
I got the boba milk tea with jelly which tasted very similar to volcano tea so I was happy with it, my bf got the taro smoothie which he said wasn't good at all.
So I guess it really just depends on what you get and I had to dock off points because there isn't much of a selection as other stores and the atmosphere.
Inside of the store is small, plain, and very boring.
Kinda makes you feel like ordering and getting out, not a place to hang or relax.
Wish they also sold snacks.

They have a huge selection of drinks.
I like it because its a 5 min drive away compared to everything else that is at least 10-15 mins away.
Its right next to the big lots on lake mead.

OMG...
I wouldn't go that far, but not bad nonetheless.
There are a lot of positives to this place, but the negatives are somewhat annoying, and it holds back the potential of this place.
The biggest concern for me is the cleanliness.
Walking in the door..
There are some places that feel bright and clean, you can just feel it.
This place when I walked in, feels grimy.
Large milk tea w/ boba - I think that it's priced ok, slightly under 5 bucks.
The boba is ok too, it was slightly softer than I would have liked.
The tea tasted ok as well.
All in all it was an ok.
It's a hard one to call whether I would come back to this one.
I would like to check out all nearby boba places to see how they stack up against OMG.
If I couldn't find anything better I would stop by here again.
But I wouldn't go out of my way.

We had out of town guests and wanted to take them for Snow Slush (they had never heard of it).
We live close and saw their sign on thdie window for the Snow Slush.
Walked in and saw the sign on the window for Snow Slush.
The lady at the cash register did not look up or say hi, but I asked her what flavors the Snow Slush came in, without even looking up, she abruptly said "We no have that!!
" I asked again, thinking that she misunderstood me "We want the Snow Slush that you have there on the wall.
" Again without acknowledging us she said louder "We have not got that!!
" We told her "thank you" and our entire party left.
We went to China Town where they treat you like welcome guests and HAVE what they say they have.
AVERAGE STORE, POORLY DECORATED, HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE... can't tell you about the food because we did not (and will not ever) have anything here.
Don't waste your time, go somewhere they appreciate you and have what they advertise.
If you do still want to go there, do so quickly because I cannot imaging they will still be there in a year!!

Visited this boba location in Summerlin location.
Female at the register was cold and "abrasive.
"  I advised her that I wanted a hot boba, and she tried to discourage me from getting it because of the hot weather.
I advised her that the weather didn't bother me.
Two more times she tried to discourage me (without offering alternatives).
I ordered a hot almond milk boba, which took about three minutes for staff to make.
I did enjoy the drink, however, but as another poster advised, the place does not feel clean.
There are a lot of options for drinks.
I had to ask for a frequent buyer card, but this place is one that I can take or leave in comparison to other boba drink selling places in town.

