Great food...the owners are awesome..I would highly recommend eating there.
The food is really high quality.
real beef and turkey.
The soups are homemade and also very good.
The monkey sticky buns are amazing...don't leave there without getting at least one...will review more after eating there again..:-)

The best food around.
Excellent service and must try the monkey bread with pecans.

Very good food, especially breakfast!
Owners are super nice and the place is adorable.
Great baked stuff.
They also sell olive oils and vinegars (chocolate balsamic, blueberry balsamic, etc).
Glad something good finally opened near Sprouts!

The gluten free selection is amazing.
They have gluten free French Toast,  bagels, baguettes, and toast.
The gluten free pastries don't even taste gluten free.
They have cheesecake, pie, vegan cheesecake and muffins.
Their tea is very good as well it is house made.
They have mint, coconut cream,  and caramelized pear.
They have house made jelly that is so great.
It isn't too sweet or too sour.
They sell all the jelly, dressings and salts to take home.
The service is so good because when I went and I needed to know the carbs on the pizza the owner sent the company an email right away.
They are always on the ball with their service.
I love the fact that everything is organic and they are very health conscious.
They don't have anything that you wouldn't want to put in your body.
It's just a great place for a family breakfast or lunch with your friends.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.

Cafe 8 has the best Greek dressing in the area!
The staff is very friendly as well.
The entire menu looks great, cannot wait to try the sandwiches.

My sister and I got the Cafe 8 omelets.
SO GOOD!
The owner and his wife are the bakers, chef and wait staff.
Such good service!
The meal was fantastic.
The omelet comes with a side of potatoes and they were delicious.
The omelet itself was cooked to perfection.
I've had omelets everywhere but this is the best one I've ever had.
My sister agrees!
We will definitely be back!
Also the environment of the restaurant is quaint and welcoming.
Their menu is excellent for gluten free eaters and great for vegetarians.
Two thumbs up!

Delicious food, and desserts!
Warm and cozy atmosphere, and very friendly owners.
Mostly gluten free menu.
Definitely a must try!

So, the website says the cafe is open until 6:00.
The sign on the door says it is open until 6:00.
Yet, when my wife and I  walked in at 5:25, we are rudely turned away  because they were setting up for a  private dinner apparently.
Would be nice if they at least put a closed sign on the  door...probably won't be back.
I have to disagree with the reviewers who thought the owners were friendly.
Thought we were treated pretty rudely.

We tried out Cafe 8 for lunch.
I do not give 5-stars lightly but Cafe 8 nailed it.
I like to eat gluten-free and heard that pretty much everything on their menu is gluten-free (they also have several "raw" options to try).
I had the mediterranean combo appetizer.
Now, I LOVE mediterranean food.
These were the best dolmades that I have ever had...including in Greece.
The hummus and tzaziki were outstanding.
And the presentation was first rate.
My husband had a pear and gorgonzola salad that was delectable.
Not sure what the dressing was but it was very light and flavorful.
The gluten-free dessert case gave us a challenge: which amazing looking item to choose to try.
After a very satisfying meal, we could really only try one.
We chose the delicious-looking triple-layer carrot cake.
Wow!
ridiculously good.
No clue by taste that it was gluten-free.
I would go back again for just the desserts.
I imagine the other items are equally delicious.
At one point the pastry chef (owner?
) came out and chatted with us for a bit, explaining her passion for cooking and some of her cooking philosophies.
Our server was great and prices were very reasonable.
We will definitely return.

I was looking for a restaurant near my parents that had gluten free options.
We try to eat healthy and local when possible.
This place nailed it.
5 of us had lunch on a Friday.
Salads were fresh & tasty!
Pear iced tea was fab!
Gluten free strawberry shortcake was to die for!!
We will be back.
It's not a large space.
But hopefully business will grow and they can expand.

Omg gluetin free!
Yes!
I have gluetin allergy people in my life And bake my own stuff...
But their goodies taste so fantastic!
I might be replaced :).
They seem to have wide selection of gluetin free stuff but at 2pm, most stuff was gone :((( so I'll be back early next time !
Pecan bars are absolutely amazing even for non allergy person like me.
Yum yum !
Friendly staff.
Great ambiance :)

Love the quiche,baked goods--it's all super.
Owner are super nice and accommodating.
Love the healthy fresh ingredients and gluten free availability!z  We are regulars!

WOW!!
I am a super sensitive celiac I have been eating at Café 8 since early November, at least 2-4 times a week.
Not one time have I gotten ill or even felt poorly after eating.
The variety,  flavors, the staff, my family we love them all.
"Be sure to specify Gluten free"  Tracy and Alex are extremely careful with every dish.
Even the blue cheese on my salad is gf.
The pastries are decadent.
The toast/bread  is the best gf bread I have ever tasted.

Was very excited to try out this restaurant for their gluten free options.
My husband and I arrived at the restaurant around 5:15 pm.
I ordered their grilled chicken breast dinner with seasonal vegetables and roasted potatoes and my husband ordered the non gluten free French toast.
I was a bit shocked when my dish was brought to the table and on my plate were frozen vegetables that consisted of corn, carrots and peas.
The chicken was very large and didn't taste bad, but was far from exciting.
The roasted potatoes where cut like French fries and were undercooked and tasteless.
I don't know if we just came in on an off night, but I am not sure I will be back.I paid $11.95 for a meal I could have cooked at home.
My husbands French toast was nothing special either.
Very sad, as I thought I had possibly found a place that I could get gluten free options.
I did order a piece of their gluten free cheesecake and it was absolutely delicious, so the meal was not totally a flop.

DO YOUR PART IN THE CULTURAL REVOLUTION... SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESS!
My girlfriend and I went in on a busy Saturday morning for breakfast.
It is an itty bitty little spot, but the service was fast, nice strong coffee.
Her regular (not gluten free) French Toast was outstanding, and my breakfast "Everything" bagel was awesome too.
All the pastries and quiches looked and smelled amazing, though we were too full to go for more.
It's not far off the freeway and it looks like they just added dinner service as well.
We will be back!

The facebook page says vegan/vegetarian food.
I took friends there tonight who came up from Tucson.
The only thing on the entire menu vegetarian or vegan was the tzatziki.
I assume the sign they have out front and how they write up their facebook page, they might mean only the baked goods?
We left and enjoyed the pomegranate café, making sure to tell anyone in our group of friends who don't eat meat to steer clear.

Made me a great omelet.
Seems business is a little slow but hopefully a few more good reviews will help.

Delicious food, wonderful family owned business.
Almost all their menu items come gluten free!!
(please specify when you walk in, because they have BOTH - regular and gluten free menus.
) The wife, Tracey does all the gluten free baking herself and her GF banana cake is to die for ... as are the cheesecakes!!!
We tried them for dinner this past weekend, first time.
I got the cheeseburger and my husband got the prime rib.
They were both delicious.
Both came with a wonderful salad.
All GF!
The owners are lovely people, very engaging.
we had a great time and will definitely be back!
For Mesa AZ this is a little piece of heaven!!!
Please support this restaurant!

Have now the experiences of walk-in, take-out as well as dining inside with a party of four.
Take out was the grass-fed beef gyro.
I'm all for the cow not passing on GMO chemicals and DNA to me, which is why I found myself going to this establishment in the first place.
The gyro was descent.
A little flat on flavor, but then, I often remind myself that ALL of the gyros I've had have probably been modified in multiple ways so this is like  Neo eating a real gyro for the first time - if you feel me.
Anyways, I'm a fan of hot sauce on most everything, so all was good.
From order to meal in my hands and exiting, only 10 minutes had elapsed.
Not bad!
My dine-in experience was pleasant.
Saturday, late, late afternoon.
We felt well received as the server was kind while asking us about our gluten/diet preferences, while politely providing us with suggestions and alternatives.
We had a the tzatziki with the pita bread, and gluten free crackers (none of us are celiac but we make feeble attempt at eating as little wheat as possible) as the appetizer (4 of us).
If you love garlic, this dish sings your tune.
4/5  2 grilled cheese sandwiches were ordered - 1 without prosciutto.
Both delish.
5/5  The grilled chicken breast was added, and was of high quality, but lacking somewhat in the spice/taste department.
3/5  Last, a thin-sliced, mushroom pizza.
My father ate only a couple slices of it because he was pretty full at this juncture.
5/5  Overall, if you're looking for a real deal mom and pop joint, whose service lives up to its quality of food and good health, then this is a no-brains contest to patronage.
From what I've tried (see above) of the dishes, 75%ish have the flavor in point too.
I'll still give it 4/5.
Work on some more boldness in your flavor and that number will increase.

If you ever want great food in a awesome atmosphere go to Cafe 8.
The owners are always working there and have the best attitude I've ever encountered.
Everything is made to order and always fresh.
And don't get me started on the desserts.. UNFORGETTABLE!

We had a nice lunch.
Friendly helpful staff.
Service was good.
Food was very nice.
Chef is accommodating on changes.
Definitely return.

Ate there for 1st time.
Unfortunately not a good day for them.
Let's start with the food: the waffle was not hot when served and by the time the "heated syrup" (barely warm) was brought to the table the waffle was stone cold.
The omelette was pretty good, the eggs were ok, and the toast was so-so.
I would like the toast to have some color Rather than look like just dried bread.
Now to the service.
I had to continually look for someone to fill my coffee cup, the waitress kept forgetting things we asked for, and why would you ask if we want the potatoes that came with the order.
This was only the waitress'  2nd shift so I understand.
However when you have someone new you don't leave her to her own defenses.
The other waitress was very busy so she couldn't help that much.
Our waitress tried hard.
Not sure we will go back.

Horrible Lunch I ordered Grass Fed Beef Burger medium rare.
The burger had the consistency of a overworked meatball.
No pink to be seen.
Squeezing the sandwich released a pool of grease.
Wife had pork tenderloin sandwich.
The pork looked like it had been boiled in water rather than roasted.
Had that dreary gray color all the way through with all moisture sapped out of it.
The flavored teas were good.
The breakfast reviews look promising but avoid this place for anything on the lunch menu.
There are far better Greek inspired lunch spots than this place.

Great food and great service!
I ordered the bagel sandwich and my friend tried their oatmeal...delish!

The food was all natural, fresh, and home made.
The food was very good.
The service was great.
We will be back.

A friend and I met here for lunch.
I was excited to try some of the delicious things people mentioned here on yelp.
I ordered the club on gluten free bread and the soup of the day, tomato basil.
Everything tasted fresh, my only complaint was my bread was a little too toasty and tore up my mouth.
Next time I would probably ask that it was lightly toasted or not at all.
I had planned on getting a baked good to go but unfortunately they only had a couple items available that day so I hope to try out the carrot cake sometime.
I will go back and try other items.
I love the fact that restaurants are opening up that are catering to alternative and healthy eating options and not just the usual greasy food stops.

Very intimate, small, great service.
Food was good.

Took my daughter out for brunch because they have a gluten-free menu!
She ordered the waffles and I had the breakfast sandwich (both gluten-free).
Super delish!
This is a made to order cafe so the food tasted and looked its freshest!
We actually didn't wait long for the good to arrive (I was pleasantly surprised!
) Waitress was warm and friendly!
Definitely bringing the whole family back here for a treat!

I had lunch here with my sister.
We shared some hummus.
My sister had the Greek salad and I had the Café 8 Omelette.
The food was super delicious.
Honestly if I lived on that side of the valley, I would eat here often.
It was really busy when we first arrived.
The place is small so if you have a party larger than 2, I would suggest calling ahead to make sure that they have space unless you don't mind waiting.
I'm giving them 4 Stars instead of 5 because the owner was upset with the guy that was working the counter and scolded him in front of everyone.
He also sent him over to apologize to both my sister and I for not seating us more promptly...
This kind of confused me, while I appreciate the fact that the owner was trying to be proactive, we honestly had not thought anything of the almost 10 minutes that we waited.
It was busy and we had a baby car seat with us, so we needed to find a place to fit both of us and the car seat.
I felt like it was a little harsh to send an employee to offer an apology for some imagined slight.
I feel that the situation with the employee could have been handled with a little more tact.
I would not have appreciated that treatment if I were that employee.
I will definitely go there again when I'm in the area.

It's hidden between the laundry place and sprouts literally on the corner of the plaza.
It's delicious!!!
Healthy close to home!!
The owner is super polite Alex lol my kids talked his ear off!

Really good food, they cater to people with gluten allergies, $2.50 for a soda.

