When I went to this location I had high hopes since it was in the exact same spot as where a Great Steak was at.
Bad idea.
My philly cheesesteak was literally thrown together, when I unwrapped the paper off of it it fell apart.
like the bun is too small for all the ingredients they want to put on it.
Ive definietly had better at other places.
The meat had zero flavor.
it was just a hot mess.

Say what?!?!?!
Great Steak & Fry (great steak & potato company to some) is gone???
As I walk in the food court of the Meadows Mall, I am sad to see all the changes.
That is what happens with time, but I don't like change much and only seeing 2 of the same places (chains of course) still there is just a shame.
There used to be more locally owned family businesses in the food court.
Hubby was off to eat at Johnny Rocket's so I decided to give this new cheesesteak (cashier says they have been open a few months) place that took the spot of GS&F out.
I ordered the "Philly Cheesesteak" priced at $6.79 and $3.99 to add cheese fries and a drink.
The cheesesteak had on it steak, grilled onions, bell peppers, mushrooms and american cheese.
They have a variety if fresh toppings, so I decided to go all out west coast on this cheesesteak!
I had lettuce (ended up removing most of it), tomato and mayo added.
The only thing missing was some fresh avocado!
I enjoyed the cheesesteak.
The cheese fries were actually good, but the total price being around $12 seems steep when I can get a bigger cheesesteak and fries for a little less just down the street at Pop's.
I liked the food, but wouldn't eat here again unless I had a coupon and I would have to already be shopping at the mall.
The cashier mentioned signing up for the e-club to get coupons and deals.
The employees were friendly and even gave me a free refill of cherry pepsi.

Overpriced and skimpy on quantity.
This was, by far, the worst cheesesteak I've ever had.
The sandwich, fries, and drink was almost $15!
...and this is a restaurant in a mall food court, no excuse it should be that much.
The portion if meat you get is sad, just sad.
I'll stick with trusty cappriotis.

Great tasting Philly Steak Sandwich...good portions, great cheese flavor...not a single negative thing to say about this experience!

Expensive and it will give u the water shits, the service was ok but I will never go to this place .

