Finally open!
Tried the pizza the first time and it was great.
4 different crust options; thin, double dough, pan and Chicago style deep dish.
Fantastic sauce with a nice bite and tasty fresh toppings.
Tried the Beef Classico sandwich the second time.
Thin sliced beef and that great red sauce.
Excellent!!

This place is fantastic.
The pizza is great, I love both the thin and crispy and the hand tossed (double dough).
Sandwiches to die for.
I work close by and i have eaten here 5 times a week since they opened.
Service is fun and friendly.

The food was good and the service was great.....
I thought it was a little pricey for pizza  Great Atmosphere:-)

This place is awesome for it being a chain.
I absolutely love the pizza, and think that it is the best in my area of town!
The food is always really hot, and we always have it delivered!
The delivery driver is always kind, and the person who takes our order is always very patient, and gets the order right every time.
One thing to remember is when you order fingers, make sure you say 'tossed' in the sauce, like mild or medium etc.
The Godfather pizza is one of the best that is on the menu with lots of veggies!
Onions and peppers etc.
The plain cheese is also great.
KUDO's for getting it right and finally having a great pizza place with great service and great food!
The chicken Parmesan is fab as well!

Pizza and beer what more can I say lol but the pizza was Delicious!
Had the hawaiian and the sauce is amazing!
Love the location and service!
Will definitely be back!

Love this place and love the staff they're all so nice.
And the food is always delicious :) I had my first Chicago style pizza and first cannoli from them and I loved it !
Big shoutout to Dan and Nick for being awesome and super friendly whenever I see them xD

This rosatis is so good!
I love their pizza, it's very authentic!
We always order a large with giardenero (sp?
) peppers and Italian sausage.
It's reasonably priced, WAY better than any Pizza Hut, and delivery is quick!

It seems that Chi-town has come to me even though I just moved away from there!
There's a few Rosatis in Chi-town that I've had pizza in.
Now, it's no Pizzano's in downtown but it will suffice for being 1,500 miles away from good pizza.

I may be Paleo, but in a past live I was a pizza hound.
And to this day, I have a weakness.
A willpower deficiency, you could call it.
It is *possible*, but highly unlikely, that if you put pizza in front of me I will not eat it.
Such was the case one day when the boss took a group of us to lunch and neglected to tell me -- purposefully -- that we were headed here.
So I figured what the heck, go big or go home right?
The garlic bread knots are amazing.
The chicken fingers are amazing.
The pizzas are amazing.
The garlic cheese bread is amazing.
Even the ranch dressing here was amazing.
It's a tad expensive but I really don't care.
For pizza this good, I'll pay the premium.
Plus the company paid for lunch that day.

I absolutely love this place and so happy it opened near my home.
We come here to watch football games and eat AMAZING food at least once a week.
It is so nice to enjoy it all in a totally smoke free place!
The staff is awesome, attentive and remember their regulars.
Definitely try the double dough pizza, which we now get every time.
The Chicago deep dish is authentic and can feed an army!
The subs are huge and good for two meals for me.
Again, I love them and so happy to have them in the neighborhood :)

Being from the Chicago suburbs I had pretty much given up on finding good pizza in Vegas.
Rosatti's changed that.
We have ordered from them 3 times now and have not been disappointed.
We tried the deep dish and it's very good, crust not quite as buttery and flaky like back home but a solid effort.
The Italian beef sandwich is very tasty too, love the hot giardinara on it.
The au jus is a tad too salty for me but this sandwich satisfies my beef cravings quite nicely.
My favorite is the thin crust.
Tasted just like what we used to eat back home.
Crispy, cut into squares.
Like a thin crust should be and slathered with an amazing tomato and topped with the freshest.
Toppings and gooey cheese.
Was pleased to see they use real Italian sausage and not pork breakfasty tasting stuff other pizza joints try to pass off as sausage.
Rosatti's has made me a believer and I have them on speed dial.

Best thin crust pizza I've ever had.
Ever.
Try the Hawaiian and you won't be disappointed!

Take FYI.
We recently moved here from CA and ordered pizza for some people helping us move.
I didn't realize it at first but this is a chain and we had one a couple miles from our house in CA which we had been to a coupld of times.
The delivery person had made an error and did not bring the garlic knots, so I called them and let them know about it.
Without hesitation or offering to give them to us next time we came in or something they made a special trip out.
Delivery is usually faster than they quote too.
The pizza here is good and reasonably priced for Chicago pizza places I have been to.
The deep dish is good but very heavy (duh) and the thin crust has a cornmeal feel to it with some good flake also but not crispy.
I would go back and probably will since we are so close.

The pizza here is AMAZING!
This is definitely our favorite pizza place in the area, but I have had some issues while ordering delivery.
As this place was brand new when I made my first order I just looked up a menu online.
Apparently not all of the rosatis' have the same menu, which I did not know.
I ordered a salad off of the menu and the girl on the phone confirmed it by calling it a house salad.
I told her that I didn't want a regular house salad but the chicken salad I saw on the menu and I explained it to her.
She said yeah that's what the salad is so although she confirmed it again as a house salad at the end of the conversation, I believed she knew what she was talking about.
When I got the salad delivered it was a plain house salad and didn't even have chicken on it.
I was extremely disappointed because I was starving and that was not going to fill me up!
So just a little tip for everyone, make sure you're looking at the correct menu!!!
They now have their menu online so don't get it mixed up with a different location's.
Since then, I sometimes feel that the girl that answers the phone from time to time is not very knowledgable of the menu when I ask questions, but I just stuck to ordering pizza and simple sides and haven't had a problem with my delivery since!
Oh!
I almost forgot... Get the Chicago style pizza!
It is one of the best pizza's I've ever had!

I'm from New England.
My dad was a pizza maker for 17 years.
I make my own dough and prefer thin New York style pizza.
If all Rosati's made was deep dish Chicago Style pizza, I would give it 5 stars, and I don't usually give anyone 5 stars.
The reason is because people on yelp 5 star places all the time, and you get ratings that are not accurate.
I love the deep dish.
The pastry like crust,  savory sauce, high quality cheese and toppings are what I call lasagna on bread.
It's a beautiful product and what I think is worthy of being with the top pizza's I've ever tried.
So why the 3 stars?
I have tried the double dough and the thin and crispy and they are not even in the same league as a wal-mart or sam's club take and bake pizza.
SO DISSAPOINTING!
I ordered a veggie doubledough on one occasion and it was tasteless, soft and watery from all the veggies.
I don't remember what I paid because I also had a deep dish with it and that made me forget all about the money I wasted on the DD.
Whats with the square cut on a round pizza?
Can someone comment as to why they would cut a pizza that way?
You get all these weird pieces that don't have any toppings on them.
Weird......  Today I ordered their monster pizza thin and crispy XL size (18'') I asked for the wedge cut because the square cut really annoyed me, and took away from the quality of the product.
This is like a supreme pizza with meat and veggies.
It looked good, but that's as far as it went.
I ate one piece and was so disappointed I threw it away.
The crust wasn't bad.
crispy yes, but not enough salt in the dough.
Kind of like a breadstick.
It had evidence of cornmeal which is a requirement for that style pizza.
Thin watery tart sauce, I could not taste one topping from the other.
it was literally tasteless.
The sad part about this is I paid about $33 for this failure.
I have no problem paying 40 bucks for their large deep dish because it has proven itself every time I've ordered it.
I have also tried the lasagna and their antipasti salad both of which were not really anything worth trying again.
All in all I love Rosati's deep dish pizza, Please try it with your favorite bottle of wine and let the euphoria take over.

The thin crust pizza is the best weve ever had!
You just have to try it.
I had a favorite but this ones beats it.

It was very good!
We started with the garlic bread tomato and spinach appetizer....DELISH!
I had the fantastic four minus the mushroom (I'm allergic) but added pepperoni...it was great....a little spice to it!
Only complaint was I asked for Pan and they made it on thin (I'm not a thin crust fan...tastes too much like a cracker.
...they offered to fix it but I was super hungry so I ate it anyway...it was good but I know on pan or deep dish it would be better.
Hubby had cheese ravioli and a side salad and he said both were great....the side salad add on was 2.00 but was very large!
We will be back...and they deliver.....score for us!

This is our favorite pizza place.
Love the thin crust.
The godfather is a must if you like spicy.
We keep coming back for more.
Highly recommend!

Eh.. it was okay.
I had the spaghetti with meatballs.
Sauce was good, and the garlic bread was good, but the meatballs tasted like Costco frozen meatballs.
Definitely not homemade.
We also got an order of garlic knots.
That's what knocked my rating down two stars.
The dough was fried, not baked.
They were greasy and gross.
Tasted like a garlic donut.

I really wanted to give a 5 star review because the food is so good, but the staff, consistency and cleanliness has much to be desired.
First the staff.
I normally call in to do pickup orders, so when I come in the "pick up side" there is usually no one at the counter.
I think there is a door buzzer, but it's next to the door, not in the kitchen where everybody apparently is, so when I come in I usually just stand there until someone happens to wander up front.
What's worse is sometimes there a waitress walking back and forth from the dining room and she of course can see me at the counter because we make eye contact, but again, nothing.
I don't even think she mentioned I was out there.
On another occasion I ordered a SMALL deep dish pizza and when I came to pick it up the girl at the counter pulled out a large pizza box.
I said "I ordered a small" she said "this is how they come, the order is right.
Like a dummy I believed her because I didn't want to be rude and open it in front of her, not to mention if it was right she would probably have another remark for me.
So of course I got home and it was totally wrong, a large thin crust pizza.
However the manager did call me back to warn me I left my pizza there.
I left my pizza there?
You gave me the wrong one!
I hate checking the food before I leave.
I'm not sure why that is put on me, they should be getting the order correct.
Next is just a small complaint, but they advertise the Chicago Bears (being a Chicago based food establishment), they even hand out Bears refrigerator magnets with all the dates of the Bears games.
There was even a sign that advertised "come watch the Bears games here".
However when I came one Sunday, the girl in the dining room said "we only get the televised games".
What a disappointment.
So I just went to a sports bar down the street that had the game televised.
If you are going to broadcast the Chicago Bears and their games, maybe invest in a Sunday Ticket with Direct TV so the Bears fans have a place to go.
Consistency.
Not too big of a deal, but every-time I order the Italian Beef Sandwich, its random if I will get hot gardenia, on the sandwich or on the side.
Or if I will get Aj Jus at all.
Also it doesn't feel like the staff is well versed on Chicago foods like Italian beef, when I asked for it "dipped" I sometimes have to explain that is when you dipped the entire sandwich in the Aj Jus.
This also worries me that they might not have the right utensils to properly "dip" a sandwich.
Which leads me to the 3rd issue:  Cleanliness...
There's no excuse for this, and I've had some pretty gross issues.
Again, back to the Italian Beef.
I brought the food home and started eating the sandwich about halfway through I end up pulling a 12 inch piece of hair out of my mouth.
Probably the grossest thing to ever happened to me food wise.
That is until the NEXT weekend I thought I would give it another chance.
Again I brought the food home and halfway through the sandwich I pull a strand of stainless steel wool cleaning pad from my mouth!
Now we are not talking just gross human hair, but potentially dangerous foreign OBJECTS in the food.
It's almost like the Aj Jus sauce bin is used as a trash can.
I have yet to try the beef sandwich again.
The thought of what is going on back there to allow steel wool and human hair in beef broth is beyond gross.
My assumption is the staff doesn't care (which I mentioned before).
The must be no pride taken with cleanliness.
Here is the actual sad part, the food is excellent tasting!
Well, that is before the mental stigma of gross objects being in the food happens.
It bothers me because the is the closest thing to "Chicago food" within a few miles of my house.
I'm not saying this to be mean to Rosati's, I really want them to address these issues so I can come back.
I just think they need to get the staff involved or get a staff that cares.
Other than that this place has a lot of potential.

Food was good like any other Rosati...low rating for the service.
I called in for a delivery...spoke with 4 or 5 different girls, 1 girl asks for my number, name and address then asks me to hold...another girl picks up and asks for name number and address...WTF?
I told her the other girl just ask for all that already...she says last time I promise...gives her the info...something is not working right on her end..puts me on hold...SMDH...5 mins on hold and no one asks what would I like to order...hung up....the end...idgit

I love the new cannolis keep them maybe add choc.
chips again but soo much better and creamier.
Good Job Rainbow and Windmill.

This place was awful!
We were wanting some pizza and have driven past it multiple times since we shop at Smiths.
The staff was kinda friendly, but it was mainly them being close by constantly because we were the only people there.
We ordered breadsticks with marinara as an appetizer and then a pizza as well.
The marinara sauce was so bland it tasted like it wasn't even store bought.
Basically, liquid that was chunky and red but added no flavor.
The pizza came out and it was even worse.
We both choked down one piece and then asked for the check and a to go box to avoid being rude.
We quickly tossed it when we got home.

Came here for lunch today and everything was awesome!
My wife had the personal thin crust pizza lunch special and it was great.
Thin crispy crust and top quality Italian sausage.
One of our friends had the pasta carbonara that was loaded with bacon and a tasty cream sauce the other had the masttacholi with meat sauce and I had the lunch special,  Italian beef w/giardinare and crinkle cut fries.
I'm originally from Chicago and know what Italian beef is all about and this sandwich was huge and the real deal!
The service was excellent and the whole staff was as friendly and professional as could be and the restaurant was super clean.
I don't live in Vegas but I'll definitely be coming back the next time we're in town!
Oh, almost forgot, we also split an order if hot wings as an appetizer.
Perfectly cooked and sauced!

Yelped Italian restaurants in the area that we were in this past Saturday and came across the jewel !!!!
Everything about this pizza place is excellent.
The manager was very helpful and nice.
The cleanliness of the place was beyond average.
We ordered a lil of everything.
Pasta, salad, chicken wings and deep dish Chicago pizza which was soo delicious!
Will definitely go back next time we are in Vegas !!

Okay, so, I had passed by this place before and thought it seemed cool.
Boy, was I in for a surprise.
Absolutely everything about this place was amazing!
The waiter was one of the best waiters I ever had and tipped him well, but that was only the tip of the iceberg!
The pizza was absolutely delicious; now keep that in mind when I say that their buffalo wings were the absolute best wings I ever had in my life, completely DIVINE!
And they completely made the pizza seem like nothing!
I seriously have found my new favorite place!!
P.S.
their specialty lager was very smooth and good too, just had to let you beer enthusiasts know.

Having recently moved to the area my wife and I were looking for a pizza joint for our Friday nite supper.
Having enjoyed Rosatis previously we were happy to find not only a take out but a pub also.
Things were looking good.
Unfortunately, we decided to order take and our pizza got "lost".Yes that is what the young lady told me, "I can't find your pizza, it's lost" I immediately imagined a pizza wandering down South Rainbow looking  for a friendly face, then my wife called to check on the status of supper.
As I related what happened she commented, "How the F does somebody lose a pizza"?
I asked that question ( not using those terms ) of the counter chic and she said that my pizza was probably with the delivery guy.
This made me smile as I imagined the dude who ordered the double cheese and pepperoni with sausage getting my ricotta cheese, spinach and mushroom pie.
This same girl assured me that a new pizza would be all mine in 12 minuets.
That 12 minuets seemed like 30, wait, it was!
For my trouble I received 2 I'm sorries, 1 we don't know what happened, and an offer for 2dollars off, increased to 5 dollars after the clock hit the 30 min.
mark.
I also was the recipient of 12 coupons that were cut off of pizza boxes entitling me to 50% off my next order?
As I cannot bear to be responsible for another lost pizza wondering aimlessly, or do I have 30 min to wait in a pizza joint I will not be back.
ps the pizza is pretty good.

clean and friendly.
what more can you ask for?
oh yeah, the food is awesome!
rosati's is almost like a women's sports bar...very sporty but not rowdy at all.
there are little things that i really appreciated, one of those things being that the pan the pizza was being served on had spaces to ensure that the pizza did not get soggy.
the unlv memorabilia was also a nice touch to those unlv alumni!

Went in the first week and ordered a cal zone.
The dough was not cooked all the way and the beer taps were inop.
I have stayed away from this place until my cousing ordered delivery.
Thin crust pizza and extra crispy well done wings!
Holy ass I dont think ive ever had better wings ANYWHERE else.
The thin crust was the best i ever tried.
Whether it was the cheese, sauce, or maybe even the hint of oregano but i could be wrong.
The combination of the two had me sprung as soon as my teeth sunk in.
Afraid of the deep dish since my first experience with thick layers of dough had me almost never coming back.
The thin crust and well done wings will has me hooked though.

The food is good, and delivery super fast (got our food in 30mins after ordering)!
I got three large Chicago style pizza, the garlic knots, and garlic cheese bread for the office.
The pizza and knots were AMAZING.
However, I was a bit disappointed in the bread, not only did they forget the cheese it was only two pieces... For $5 I expected more than two.
Overall, this place is really good, kind service and fast delivery guys.

Love this place!
Food always on point, the employees are always friendly, and they always remember you when you come back.
So glad they open the rainbow location, it's the only good pizza place by mountains edge.

Nothing special.
Pizza was bland, heavy and greasy, and we only ordered the thin crust.
Wings were nothing special.

They have great pizza/wing specials and the food has always been good.
Never once had any issues.
Service and delivery is fast.
Definitely should try out this place if you haven't yet!
They even cut the slices down into little squares for the kiddos

Love love love the pizza.
Pepperoni, black olive, bacon, ham, extra cheese soooo good!
But sadly... way expensive!

Closest, I have come to PIZZA Since I moved here from Chicago!
PERIOD!

Yes folks, a five star review!
The best Chicago style deep dish pizza you can get anywhere (including Chicago).
i'll save you the trouble of reading a lengthy review, the whole place is awesome.

