Part wicked, part divine, Divine Eatery will certainly pave its way into becoming one of my weekly restaurant  haunts.
Being the curious person that I am, I came across Divine Eatery while under construction and stuck my head in.
Chef Esther welcomed me inside, amidst the construction, and offered me a tour of the new casual restaurant she's creating here in Centennial Hills.
The menu (while not finalized at the time of my visit) boasts true quality, focusing on all natural, preservative-free, fresh and healthy ingredients.
In addition to the tour, Chef Esther was kind enough to provide me with a taste test of their BLT and their Veggie Burger.
The bread used for both were superb, and sourced locally!
The BLT was served on a toasted whole grain, while the Veggie Burger was served on an perfectly airy sesame bun.
Chef let me know that the menu will also feature items served on a brioche bun, for the richer, "wicked" offerings... yum!
Now being from Texas, I prefer meat over veggies, so naturally I thought the BLT would take the cake in a comparison test - [Now Insert Foot In Mouth].
If there's anything I learned from Chef Esther, it's never to doubt the power of a Veggie Burger.
Long story short, when you pair roasted assorted veggies topped with fresh mozzarella, caramelized red onions and a balsamic reduction, you've just convinced this meat eater that this Veggie Burger is taking home the top prize!
There's plenty to get excited about Divine Eatery.
I'm excited to come back after their up and running to experience the restaurant as a whole!
While construction completion dates are always iffy, I'm crossing my fingers that Divine Eatery opens on their estimated date of Sunday, August 25.
**Gluten-Free/Celiac?
Chef Esther has you covered!
Several gluten-free options will be incorporated into Divine Eatery's final menu!

Divine is an understatement,  Food was absolutely amazing.
The employees are friendly & the chef is awesome.
All fresh ingredients as this divine eatery does not even own a freezer.
Take a drive and support this local business it will be worth every penny.

My wife and I went here to support the local business in the Providence area.
The restaurant has only been open a week.
The walls are still plain (no pictures, art, or signage, yet).
Very quiet, with only three employees (Chef Esther (owner), Waitress Mary (friend of owner), and dishwasher son.
Another customer couple was leaving as we sat down, while a third couple came in as we were leaving.
So, steady business, but not overwhelming.
This adds to the personal service received by not just Mary but Chef Esther as well.
Everyone was so very friendly and polite!
The menu is just a two page flyer, but has all the offerings you'd expect from a 9 am - 5 pm cafe, at very reasonable prices.
The drinks ranged from fountain sodas, to flavored teas (hot and cold) and coffee.
The coffee was extremely hot but a little weak for my taste, and the sweeteners available were only sugar, turbinado (cane sugar), and Stevia in the Raw.
I think this goes with the natural, no preservatives thought of the restaurant.
Still, I prefer Splenda.
Finally, the food.
I had the Divine Biscuits and Gravy, which besides two biscuits with pork or turkey gravy, came with cubed potatoes ("home fries") and two eggs any style.
The biscuits were the yellow, layered flaky kind, which is fancy.
I prefer buttermilk biscuits, but these tasted good.
The gravy was a bit bland, no meaty flavor.
I suspect that because the restaurant is new, they make small portions, and the gravy doesn't have time to soak up the flavor of the meat?
Perhaps even making a plain gravy then adding the type of meat to it upon ordering.
The food came VERY hot, especially the potatoes that, once cooled, were very tasty.
The over easy eggs I received were good, too.
My wife ordered "The Healthy Way" which was VERY flavorful, especially the "tomato composee" which was cubed tomatoes with basil.
She gave me her wheat toast which was so light and crispy.
VERY tasty!
All in all, it was a very good experience.
We will be going back again, bringing our teenage children.
I believe with the foundation already in place, most notably the great service, this place is going to build up to be something amazing, and I'm glad that I will be there to experience it.
Walt D in LV

Best burger I have ever eaten without a doubt

Divine Eatery is a new spot that's basically within walking distance for a lot of people in Providence.
For starters, the "decor" in here is super weird.
I think they tried way too hard to be trendy and it comes off tacky.
Every chair and table in the place is different, almost like someone went around to yard sales and got the cheapest kitchen furniture they could find.
My chair was wobbly so I know it wasn't new stuff.
Besides that, the walls are also completely bare...no pictures, art, signs, nothing!
Their menu is also a little on the weird side.
It's very limited and the way it's typed up is awkward.
And the food doesn't save this place either.
I went with the Divine Throwback which is basically just a pancake and two egg breakfast priced at $10!
The pancakes were bland and tough, I could barely cut them with my fork.
For some reason they add powdered sugar to them but barely any at that, so it adds no flavor.
The rest was just basic stuff anyone can make at home, but make better.
My meal also included burnt bacon and unseasoned home fries...Yum!
My son got chocolate chip pancakes which were ok but only cause they had chocolate in them.
Basically the pancakes don't even stand out against regular boxed pancake mix.
I'm not sure how this place will stay in business other than being the only breakfast spot that is so close to all those homes.
They don't offer anything unique and it's overpriced.
$3 for sodas and iced tea...we're not in downtown LV here!
The service was decent but that's not hard to accomplish with only two tables at 10am.
There's plenty of other breakfast spots less than 10 minutes away...I'll pick one of those next time!

I live in Providence and was super excited to get a new addition to our "shops".
We visited at lunchtime on a Saturday and while busy, they were not packed.
Most tables already had food when we come in and there were several minutes between us and the next table that entered.
Service was very polite but extremely slow.
I am assuming it is because the place is brand new, but the ambiance is very bland.
Solid walls with only one small piece of art.
The mish mash of tables doesn't bother me, but I seriously wondered if the chair I sat in was going to hold me (very wobbly).
Drinks are WAY overpriced, but the food prices for the most part are reasonable.
I had the pulled pork sandwich and potato salad.
The sandwich was fantastic, fresh and flavorful.
The potato salad was good, but I am not a fan of mustard based salads (my fault, I should have asked).
Potatoes were fresh and tender, but not fall apart tender, so they stuck on your fork.
DH had the biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs and seasoned potatoes.
The food all needed a bit of salt, but otherwise was very tasty and hearty.
DD had the "fingers", panko breaded chicken fingers.
I was a little put off that it did not come with fries, so we added those on.
The fingers are real chicken and substantial pieces.
It was tender and juicy.
The fries appear to be hand cut and were really yummy once you added some salt.
All in all, we will be back.
I think once a few of the new business kinks are worked out, this will be a regular stop for us!

Nice place close to home to have breakfast or lunch if you don't feel like cooking.
Tried the special, a Hawaiian burger with a turkey patty, was very delicious!
Other good was good too.
Kids chicken fingers and biscuits and gravy.

don't be fooled by the unassuming decor of this sweet little cafe because the chef/owner spares no expense when it comes to the food!
everything from the best coffee beans to the freshest meats are carefully selected and prepared by someone who loves and appreciates good food.. the biscuits and gravy made me want to lick the plate--i could tell the turkey and pork sausage i ate were so fresh, not possible they were ever frozen!
loved that the potatoes weren't those shredded messy frozen things too, but big golden fried chunks of pure yummy.
note: many small cafe serve cheap weak coffee to maximize on profits--not here--if you appreciate a seriously great cuppa, you will find it.
wishing this new spot much success!

Decor critiques are spot on- the blue flooring with sparkles reminds me of my garage.
My wife commented on the bare walls.
Only 1 coffee choice- American- ie, black coffee.
Also, since it's special, it's $4.
I don't think any monkeys ate and then pooped out the beans, though.
The food- the omelette was awesome.
Done nicely!
Will this place make it?
Don't know, unfortunately.
I'd love for this to be my local breakfast spot that's within walking distance.
There are 3 other breakfast spots in Centennial Hills that have more ambiance, a more interesting menu, and cheaper prices.
Yikes!
Also, not a fan of the planted reviews (see Kate B).
Hence, the one star review to more accurately reflect the restaurant.

The person who gave this establishment one star is crazy!
This place is by far one of the best.
The breakfast is incredible and the burger is the most amazing homemade burger that you'll ever have.
You feel at home in the super relaxed environment and the staff goes the extra mile for its customers.
Along with our neighbors we could not be any more pleased with our new favorite place.
Providence and the NW area now has had a divine intervention.

This place is a little hidden- hard to find.
Past by it 3 times before we spotted it.
Actually on the corner of Hualapai and Elkhorn and the front only has "Café" marking the spot.
The whole restaurant is open and it connects into the kitchen where you can interact with the chef and watch her prepare your divine meal.
The menu has some great breakfast and lunch choices and all the food is made fresh to order.
The food overall was very good and it will be a nice place to frequent for a hot breakfast.
We ordered the Chorizo breakfast burrito and the biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon.
Everything was "Divine" and we finished our plates.
(I would skip the orange juice though- tasted like minute maid.
A nice touch would to have fresh squeezed juice.

Divine Eatery is a hidden gem!
The chef makes excellent homemade biscuits and gravy that are to die for!
The red velvet pancakes were such a perfect dessert for breakfast option!
And how could I forget the deep fries Oreos!?
Mmmm.
The two ladies Ester and Fanny that helped us were so kind and polite.
I will definitely dine here every chance I get!

The Northwest is becoming one of my new favorite places to hang out.
Probably more so now that they have actual places to visit up there.
What was once a barren no man's land is sprouting new businesses.
Divine Eatery is one of those places.
I tend to be pretty critical about breakfast based places because they tend to be overpriced for stuff I can make at home.
With Divine Eatery, I could probably make most of the items myself.
Then I watch the owner make hollandaise sauce from scratch and think that I would rather not.
There are many reasons why I like them more than their competition.
One: there is this cool shabby chic look to the establishment.
All the mismatched tables, chairs, and service ware is neat.
It takes the stress off of a business to find a singular distributor while giving the restaurant a relaxed and home like feel.
Two: The food is unpretentious.
It is just comfortable food.
I had the three egg omelet.
The best part, it comes with five additional toppings.
No one does that.
Usually it is a three item limit.
It would have been easier for me to tell her what I didn't want in my meal.
When it came out, the eggs were cooked beautifully with a good amount of spinach, mushrooms, peppers, jalapenos, and avocado.
The home fries were soft and pillowy on the inside and seasoned to perfection.
The pancakes were fluffy and came in a mountain sized portion.
The whipped butter and fresh strawberries are a nice touch.
Between the three of us, we were unable to finish the mound.
Of course, we each had our own dishes, but it was too much.
For the quality of food, the price point is reasonable.
Three: The service is attentive and friendly.
The open style kitchen makes it feel like being inside someone's home.
It was nice to be able to talk to the owner as she was preparing our meal.
I just hope to be able to catch them when they have some daily specials.
After my friends told me about the loco moco, I cannot stop thinking about getting one.

2nd time eating here, We drive 35 miles from Henderson to enjoy this "Divine Eatery".
I ordered the chorizo Breakfast Burrito, It was fantastic.
The food is fresh as the potatoes are cooked to order.
The 1st time we went I had the bacon Cheeseburger, it put all Cheeseburgers to shame.
This will be a frequent place to visit.
Worth the drive!!
Thank you!

We love the food every time we come for breakfast.
I've ordered the omelette and it was great.
Breakfast b potatoes are awesome.
Best so far is Eggs Beni and French toast.
Cook and waitress and very friendly and finally glad to have something close enough to walk to.

Pancakes are yummy and fluffy, biscuits were tasty.
I'm not a gravy fan, but I liked the gravy on my hubby's breakfast quite a bit.
Eggs were cooked well, both scrambled and over easy.
My 17-month-old devoured pancakes, eggs and potatoes and was sad when she ran out of food.
Staff was warm and kind.
I liked that they cut herbs from plants growing in the restaurant, peak freshness there!
Looking forward to coming back for other breakfast items as well as lunch.
Kudos to a place that has half marathon and marathon stickers on the door!
:-)

Very disappointing.
Why are they charging $4 for a plain cup of coffee?
When I asked for Sweet'N Low because all they had was sugar, raw sugar, and stevia in the raw, I was told by the waitress they don't have Sweet'N Low and lest I think they're just out, no.
The owner said she WILL NOT carry all the different brands of sweetener.
Lots of people I know use Sweet'N Low and it's one of the cheaper sweeteners so why the stance against carrying what many people want?
There aren't that many choices on the menu.
My companion and I both got the Divine Throwback.
$10 for two eggs, two strips of bacon, home fries, and 2 pancakes.
It's $1 extra to substitute red velvet pancakes or french toast.
My friend got the red velvet pancakes.
She liked them.
I got french toast.
I wanted regular french toast and got pecan caramel french toast.
One piece of regular bread cut into two triangles.
The food was good and the service was friendly.
However, other than the red velvet pancakes, nothing I can't make at home.
I thought the prices were quite high for what you get.
There are other places nearby that have similar food with more choices for cheaper prices.
We ended up spending $30 minus tax and tip.
$15 a person for breakfast?
I don't mind paying more when I'm getting my money's worth.
I didn't feel that was the case here.
Also, other people are commenting on the decor.
It's odd certainly but I didn't mind it.
What I did mind was that the table and chairs wobbled.
I won't be back there.

The coffee was $4!
Just plain regular coffee.
I really wanted to try the red velvet pancakes so I ordered the throwback breakfast which is just 2 eggs, bacon or sausage, potatoes and their regular pancakes.
You can substitute the red velvet pancakes or their nutty french toast for an extra dollar.
The throwback breakfast is $10 which to me is extremely over priced for your basic breakfast fare.
And there is not much to say about the food it was just eggs bacon and some unseasoned potatoes.
I could make it better at home.
The best part was the red velvet pancakes they were really tasty and had a good cream cheese icing on them.
I would go back for those alone.
The decor was weird as others have said.
The servers were friendly though.
I like to support local businesses but not when I break the bank eating there!
For my partner and I the bill was over $30 for 2 basic breakfasts.
I can't afford to go back.
My wallet and stomach won't let me.

What a great place, a hidden gem.
I had the works breakfast with nutty French toast.
The bacon had a nice smokey flavor.
The French toast was amazing, it reminded me of my grandmothers pecan sticky rolls.
I will definitely be back.

What a fantastic combination of diner-style decor and expertly prepared food!
I have been there with my family several times now, and am always impressed with the overall quality of the meals.
All ingredients are very fresh and the greens are always bright.
My daughter always gets the eggs Benedict.
The flavor of the Hollandaise and the spices of the hash browns are fantastic.
The atmosphere is very open and extremely clean.
I cannot wait until they start serving dinners too!

Love this place.
Found it by trolling for a new breakfast spot on Yelp.
It's a little funky with the mismatched furniture and plates but that is a big part of it's charm.
The food is outstanding.
We have sampled most of the offerings from the menu and have yet to be disappointed.
My only gripe, if you want to call it that, is that there is so much food on the plate.
The very friendly staff is willing to do anything to ensure an excellent experiance is had.
They just started serving dinner on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
Haven't tried it yet but if the dinner is anything like the breakfast and lunch, I know we won't be disappointed.

I also wrote this on your Facebook page.
Your food is fantastic!
I just have two suggestions.
Please note while I do own a business, it is not a restaurant, however this advice applies to every business.
Because I own a business, I look out for my fellow small business owners.
As I explain below, I think you got something great, and rare, as your food is amazing and I want to see you succeed.
I am only writing this, as after seeing your new hours after just opening a few months ago, I had to write you, and I did not see a website, so this was my only way of writing you.
First your hours.
Being that you are a new business, you got to pay your dues by being open longer.
Ask any business owner and they will tell you this, in the beginning you got to put in your hours to succeed, to build relationships, to get regulars by developing relationships with them.
11am -2pm during weekdays, would be okay if you were located downtown as you would get all the lawyers, and business' eating for lunch rush hours, but you are located in a residential area, where most of us are at work, and the stay at home moms are just starting their day, being located up here, I can't see how you aren't open after 5pm.
You can also loose future customers like regulars.
I am saying this from past experience.
In my business, I'm open 6 days a week, with long hours, but I too have emergencies, and sometimes post a letter on door saying I'm opening late, or am closed for a day, and I can't tell you how bad that pissed people off, they would write me that they wasted a drive, and how unprofessional it was, and they were right, as it can be quite annoying when you see a business closed after driving there and especially when its during business hours.
At first I thought they were just being petty, but learned quickly how many people it pissed off.
Eventually after growing you can cut down your hours, but for now you can't.
Because your rarely open, people will just give up all together, as most don't memorize your hours, and every time they come your closed.
Your food is so great, once word gets out you can also get customers from other areas in town to make the drive out to eat at your place, but you got to give it time for word to get out, and to keep getting referrals, as if they make the drive, and your closed you will loose them for good.
11am - 2pm up here is just pointless, you got to be open from noon to like 9pm, I thought closing at 5pm was bad, but 2pm is just not good.
Secondly know how expensive signs are, but one good future investment would be to get Divine Eatery letter sign next to your Cafe Sign above (or replace Cafe).
I know it's on the glass window and door, but you are missing a ton of business with to go orders, because a lot of people who don't know your business name can't call info (411) and get your number, as they will just see Cafe, and no one will think about looking at the window.
When you first open, I called 411 to make a to go order, and did not know your name, and there was nothing coming up for Café off Hualapai.
There are a lot of people, who are like me,who would probably prefer take out as they just got off work, and don't want to cook a meal for their family, so they would place a take out order with you.
One suggestion I have is, maybe get a small, clean, classy banner to put above the Cafe sign, the City allows you to file for a 6month temp sign such as a banner (I had to do this with my business), and your allowed to file this once a year the fee is $100.
Now I don't know what your landlord rules are, but I'm sure if you pick a nice clean looking banner, they will have no problems.
But this would give you time to save up for a new sign (I know their expensive as most simple signs start at $5,000) But your food is so good, I know if you eventually open for dinner during the week, you will get a ton of take out orders.
From business experience I have learned you got to pay your dues in the beginning, there are no shortcuts, and it takes time, time for word to get out, time for referrals, but once you give that time, it could really pay off.
Whatever you do, don't get frustrated and give up!.
Also, don't be shy, ask some food critics, or food journalists, to try out your food, as they can write a article about your place, it doesn't hurt to ask.
Sorry, I'm not trying to be overbearing but I know you have something special and I want to see you grow to your full potential, and because I have some business experience, I look out for my fellow small business owners (even when it's not my place to), and if I see some things that could help them, I offer my advice.
As I know when you open a business its your dream, for most of us, we gave everthing we had, you just got to keep you dream burning, as one small mistake could close you.
But you are doing a great job, and as I said above your food is delicious!

The turkey burger is divine with tasty herb seasoning.....no ketchup was needed!
Also loved the deep fried pickles:)  It's nice to have a local restaurant in the neighborhood that isn't a national chain.
Divine Eatery was recommended by a friend and we're glad we checked it out.
Love the homemade fries too!

What could be better then Divine Eatery for Breakfast and Lunch...how about Dinner!
Love the new dinner menu and hours of operation.
Best place in the area to go for amazing food, incredible conversation, and just an overall all around great time.
The head chef is the best and takes the time to ensure that the food is out of this world.
The entire staff is extremely helpful which help to drive the overall customer experience.
I've never been to another restaurant where you go there...get great food...and get treated like your part of the family!
One warning however...go once...and you'll be hooked forever cause ya just can't get enough!

I came for lunch with David S. He's been here previously and is my first time.
We ordered the nutty french toast  short stack order ( 4 triangles) to share.
They did not skimp on the pecans coating this and the caramel sauce was just right.
I love pecan pie and french toast so this is a awesome combination of those.
I got eggs benedict as a main.
I got the vegetarian one somehow even though I ordered the regular, but I totally didn't mind as it was very tasty with the tomato and spinach in lieu of ham.
The one thing I highly respect is that I overheard that she was making fresh hollandaise as the last batch was splitting as it sat and she was not going to serve that.
I admire high standards and the payoff is a beautiful creamy sauce and a pleased customer.
That is one of the better bennys in town because of the perfect Hollandaise.
The home fried potatoes were nicely seasoned as well.
David got the chorizo burrito.
I took a bite and thought the flavors of it was great and it was a pretty sizable portion.
Our beverages was kept on by our server and the chef/owner came out to chat and was pretty personable.
I like that this is a open kitchen and you can see them make your food.
It's tucked into a sleepy shopping center in a subdivision called Providence, but definitely go off the path to this.
Hopefully more of my area finds out about this place as I want it to stick around.
Great first visit and I will be visiting very soon with the boyfriend.

I love the feel of this cafe!
I have been wanting to try this cafe for a while since I live right down the street.
As soon as I enter I get a greeting and the hometown feel I was looking for!
The food is fresh and well priced!
I can eat eggs, sausage, potatoes and toast for 7 dollars!
Other places that dish would be 12 dollars!
Great place !

Great food and great service.
The decor is a little rough but it's quickly forgotten when the food arrives!

We have been coming here for months now and have never had a bad experience!
Whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner everything is amazing!
The best little place on the block it's heavenly and devilish at the same time.
Ester is an amazing chef, the service is outstanding, a pure delight

I just wanted to say that this place has some amazing, fresh food.
I went with my sister after I went to the hospital the night before.
I wanted some fresh, delicious food and I definitely got it here!
I built my own omelet with mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, spinach, and american cheese.
The cheese was like Velveeta, which was AMAZING, and the vegetables were cooked to perfection.
I normally don't like omelets because the eggs are not fluffy enough but this one was perfect.
So fluffy, perfect texture and consistency, and perfectly cooked vegetables.
What else could I ask for?
Well, awesome service!
They were very attentive and descriptive.
Overall, the experience was great!
I will definitely be coming back when I'm in the NW part of town.

1st time here and I must say I had a fabulous experience!
The customer service was OUTSTANDING!
I got to sit wherever I felt comfortable in the table of my choice.
My server was pleasant and greeted me rather quickly.
I ordered the apple juice which reminded me of like an apple cider.....it was delicious.
I did wait for a good amount of time for my food to arrive BUT fresh takes time.
If you want quick processed food then go to Ihop!
My pancakes were beautifully presented with strawberries and cream.
I barely added syrup to them they were so yummy and fluffy!
I also had scrambled eggs, pork sausage, and home fries which were fantastic.
You can taste the freshness in every bite.
As for the decor....it's very warm and inviting!
I love the vintage tables and bright colors.
Not to mention a local artist has displayed her art work on the walls for purchase!
So depending on how often you visit......the place may have a different feel each time :) The owners are really taking notes and listening to what their patrons want, so TELL THEM!
I will definitely be back to try some of the chef's recommendations.
Glad to have you in my neighborhood!

Went there today for lunch.
I had the BYO burger with jalapeños and cheese, my daughters had the chorizo burrito and the kids burger.
Everything was fresh, thanks to the awesome job by the chef, and tasty.
I will definitely be back as the prices were very reasonable and the service and attitude were great.

Divine Eatery is a fun little place to grab a bite if you're in the mood for cute, quirky, and easy.
We stopped by in mid-afternoon after a morning at the nearby Knickerbocker Park.
We had to be careful, though, because the operating hours are a bit wonky on the weekend (i.e.
closed from 2:00-5:00 p.m.).
The menu is surprisingly large for such a small outfit, and it's great that breakfast is served all day.
My twins also appreciated the yummy choices on the Kids' Menu.
It's a tad on the pricey side, but not outrageous.
The quality of food and service was great.
The eating space is small, and cramped.
If it gets too busy, it gets extra stuffy and noisy, but that's to be expected.
It's also a bit awkward to have the kitchen so exposed.
I don't like listening to the cook barking out orders to the kitchen staff.
I was also a little put off by items being thrown across the kitchen.
The cook would call out for pulled pork, and someone would retrieve it from a cooler and hail mary it across all of 4 feet.
Nothing outright wrong per se, but just awkward I guess.
I think it's worth giving it a shot, but we're not chomping at the bit to get back anytime soon.

Love the freshness of the food, love the staff, love that the chef keeps you guessing, and I love how I am treated.
Highly recommend to anyone that wants a place to eat that does not use processed foods.
Customer service is top notch.
Great place to makes friends and brake bread.

When you search "burger" near my house, this is what pops up!
A small cafe which was very quiet when I arrived on this Wednesday afternoon.
Definitely a local restaurant...I doubt anyone is traveling across town to eat here.
I came here with all intentions of ordering the "Patty Melt," but a BBQ sauce craving hit and trumped my original choice :)  8oz Divine BBQ Burger ($10): Cheddar Cheese, BBQ sauce, Crispy Bacon, Onion Strings & Fries.
This was a very lean burger, cooked perfectly, just no juices on the squeeze.
It was not very messy at all actually...they could be a little more liberal with the BBQ sauce as well IMO.
Thankfully the patty itself was flavorful, and I enjoyed the flavor in the toppings very much, esp the bacon...which was pretty much perfect in my book!
Recommended :)  I'll be back to try the Patty Melt!

I'm giving this place 5 stars because everything was perfect.
I felt like I was at home eating here.
Staff is very friendly and nice.
Pancakes are nice and fluffy with fresh homemade whip cream and fresh strawberries.
Home fries were fresh.
Left filling full and fluffy!

I had the pulled pork sandwich & the husband had wings & pattie melt.
Delicious!
I can't wait to come back to try the pancakes!

Small traditional diner with healthy choices and quite good coffee for the folks who like simple plain coffees and they have fresh jalpenos not those crappy pickled ones.
Love finding these little locally owned places.

Items Selected: Fonte Coffee Hot Biscuit with Honey Short Stack Red Velvet Pancakes - 2 Chocolately Red Velvet Pancakes with Cream Cheese Icing and Whipped Cream The Nutty French Toast - Texas Toast with Pecans and Caramel Sauce The Double Trouble - 4 Deep Fried Oreos, 1 Twinkie, Strawberry Sauce, Powdered Sugar  Located all the way up in Centennial and tucked away in a small business park it was a serendipitous mention by a colleague browsing restaurant.com that lead me through the doors of Divine Eatery just after seven on a bright Saturday morning, my entry met by an empty dining room and warm welcomes from the lone cook and single server.
Not exactly the sort of place one stumbles upon but warm and cheery with local art available for purchase on the walls the menu of Divine Eatery is divided into breakfast/lunch sections for those arriving from 7a-2p with dinner commencing at five o'clock and with both staples and novelties available my order veered towards breakfast - a three part order mistakenly turning into four when my server seemingly read my mind and ordered dessert for me even though I'd not requested it.
Surprisingly soon to swell in patronage as the clock struck 7:30 and reaching perhaps 2/3 capacity by eight it was with several cups of Seattle's Fonte coffee and the restaurant's 80s soundtrack that I passed time until my breakfast arrived and citing Divine's reluctance to stock artificial sweetener "to focus on natural, unprocessed" food I have to say I was a bit let down as all options arrived with artificial maple syrup while the $5 Red Velvet short-stack tasted not only processed but chalky as well.
Turning my attention to the items that worked, both the scratch made buttermilk biscuit and crispy French Toast serving as a sort of crust to a topping of pecan pie proved remarkable while my freebie dessert - not at all natural or unprocessed - was exactly what you'd expect, the strawberry jus sopped up into the light batter of the Twinkie rousing thoughts of the pending summer and shortcake.

So Delish!!
We had the country fried steak, home fries, eggs, bacon, nutty French toast, biscuit, coffee, BBQ burger and fries.
Everything was awesome.
Everything.
Highly recommend this place !
Only critique would be that the fries were too salty and we like salt... Maybe ask for low salt on the fries.
Service was great.

We love Divine Eatery.
My husband and I come here almost every Saturday morning.
My husband favorites the Divine Biscuits and Gravy, and I go between the Chili Omelet and Red Velvet Pancakes.
Everyone here is super attentive, and are more than willing to help you with any questions you may have!
I hope this place is here to stay.
We need a cafe like this on this side of town.

My husband and I go here almost every Sunday for breakfast.
The food is delicious and everyone is super friendly.
I've never had a disappointing meal here.

I like this place a lot and its comfortable atmosphere and the food and portion is good

Heard about this little place tucked into the N.W.
Providence neighborhood from other Yelpers and decided to try it out.
Tried the Biscuits and Gravy combo plate.
Good biscuits with sausage gravy, delicious home fried potatoes but my scrambled eggs looked a little wimpy.
Fortunately, since I don't eat eggs, I gave them to a friend who came with me.
The decor is just an assortment of mismatched chairs and tables but this Saturday morning found a steady stream of local residents enjoying the breakfast items Divine Eatery had to offer.
The pancakes (with strawberries and whipped cream) and bacon another friend ordered looked filling and delicious and they had no trouble finishing the entire serving.
Nice breakfast cafe' in an unexpected location and will definitely be returning.

5 stars all the way.
A small intimate setting with great food and great service.
It is a must do if you are in the providence area.
Chef Esther will make you what you want or select from their many menu options.
Definitely will keep you coming back for more.
They are not responsible for your midnight cravings.
: )

Visited on father's day, service was prompt, we had eggs Benedict, healthy breakfast and original.
Hollandaise sauce was excellent,  healthy breakfast was packed with flavor.
Location is a little tough to find but worth it.

I had the small Frosted Flake French Toast and a side of scrambled egg with cheese.
The French toast really was amazing, and I could eat it often!
Good thing I live close!
I was expecting the prices to be a bit more affordable, but I didn't mind the price since everything was quality.
The staff (including the chef) was very friendly.
Their service gave it that small neighborhood cafe feel!
I'll be back...and maybe even tomorrow!

Okay, so the country fried steak and gravy were both highly mediocre.
L and I are southerners, so we can be gravy snobs.
The biscuits were almost certainly Pillsbury, but they were baked perfectly, so that's not necessarily a bad thing.
The home fries were good and they get top marks for fast and very friendly service.
We will be back to try other menu items.

My wife and I loved Divine Eatery.
Great food and excellent customer service!
This is definitely our new breakfast spot.
5 stars!

The Divine Eatery is delicious!
All the food is made to order, they don't even own a freezer!
The staff is amazing and attentive.
I love that they always offer my husband and I a to go cup, we never need a box because the food is just to good to not clean your plate.

This place is awesome!
We order take out from this place weekly.
The order is always correct and still hot when we get it home.
Everyone is friendly when we go inside to pick it up.
Our favorites are the biscuits and gravy, blta, and divine pancakes.
Can't wait to try more of the menu!

My favorite little hidden gem breakfast place.
I have to preface and say breakfast food is my favorite food and this place always delivers!
The unred velvet pancakes are amazing.
So are the home fries, which like everything else are made to order and delicious.
My boyfriend loves their homemade biscuits and gravy.
Service is always on point and The chef herself usually asks how your food is which just shows that they really care here.
I will definitely be going back on "cheat" days.

What a great place to eat breakfast!
The service was excellent and the food was really really good.
Has a home style to it.
The place also has a homey cozy feel.
The food is a reasonably priced.
Then afterword the chef came to ask us how our meal was which shows how much the staff cares.
Awesome place.

Wanted to come and check this place out after a read so many great reviews, so it finally happened.
We went Sunday morning for breakfast annndddd we were kind of let down.
First off their freshly brewed coffee was $4!
Leone cafe among other places are freshly brewed for 2.50-3.00.
Then the Food that came was nothing worth $14 bucks a plate.
I understand that they buy and make everything fresh, but $40 for coffee and eggs was a little over the top, especially since it was nothing out of this world.
Food was just okay.
Wish it would have been better, since I love going to mom and pop shops.

